EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. BY PEUTETRE. (The dinner-table discussion in Woolcum- aurifer parsonage—Mr. Davis's theory of Papal usurpation—Mr. Rover's theory of Papal supremacy—Christ's command to hear the Church—Peter, P.P., judging Ananias—St. Paul's court of law—The outcome). IT will be seen that the after-dinner dis- | onssion at his hospitable table in the Rev- I Hr. Rubric's parsonage house, at Wooloumaurifer, proceeded with the utmost good humour. There was freedom of expression, but no desire to break off into irrevelant or acrimonious personalities. Mr. John Davis, formerly of Bristol, being half Quaker by birth, and half Anglican by school education, would be slow to see the drift, or to feel the force, of arguments drawn from ecclesiastical tradition or historic record. No sect of Protestants is more impervious to reasonings drawn from such sources than the Quakers. Rejecting all Church forms, rejecting all the sacraments, rejecting priesthood, and ceremonials, and precedent, the Quakers disdain all external symbols, rites, liturgies, ministerial vestments, altar and "communion-table" arrangements, and make no appeal back to anything except the Scriptures, and even to these for nothing but the inward operations of the Holy Ghost, and an Anglified species of Quietism, which dispensed with prayer books, pulpits, kDeelings at prayer, public reading-of the bible in their religious meet- , ings, all water baptism, the Lord's Supper, ! and its bread and wine, steeples, bells, clergy, i whether pope, bishop, presbyter, or deacon, and hold all these to be impediments to Christian faith and piety, and mischievous devices of the devil for the destruction of souls. Belief in Christ, and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and mental prayer, were the sum of all religion, and to commune with God, the soul's true heaven on earth. This, of course, was true, and true in its highest sense in the Catholic Church; but, being of Quaker stook, this Catholic Church was only, in Quaker estimation, an encumbrance and hindrance to communion with God by its carnal obstacles, such as baptism and Lord's table, and Latin prayers and sermons, and priests in white surplices, and such like beggarly elements and formalities, were exploded by the gospel of Christ. Mr. John Davis was never baptised, never learned any catechism, andhad not caught up in youth any very distinctive apprehensions of any " Church," or Church system, which enables all other Protestants to meet on a sort of common argumentative ground. The Quaker baffles and nonplusses all other Protestants by casting away prayers, preaching, baptism, Lord's Supper, and rituals of every kind, and walking about the world as the most nude and denuded of believers in God. Protestantism at first was excessively shocked and scandalised at the Quakers naked brother, stript of all ordinances, except that of meeting together with their hats on, like Jews and Mahomedans; but Protestantism, after some execration and starchamber tortures duly inflioted, at length recognised itself in its most grotesque and profane form, and left off swearing at its ugly brother, and now extends to him the right hand of fellowship. So Anglican Protestantism did with the more spiritualised Protestant. Quakerism when Quakerism first started. Sp it did afterwards with Wesleyanism. So it did with Puseyism. So it did, or is fast doing, with Ritualism. The older Protestantism at the first curses and throws dirt and stones at its younger brothers and sisters, until it discovers that they are its own flesh and blood. Then it acknowledges them as brother and eister "churches." That is the rule with Protestantism. It professes to be a protest againBt persecution, but it always persecutes a new uprising Protestant " church," calls it a heresy, and by-and- bye finds out that it is a branch of the true scriptural vine. Mr. John Davis had a fine head for "-business" and for mercantile transactions. He ,was a member of the Peace Association. He would put down all wars, abolish all tyrants, and put a bible into every man's hand— niggers and Australian blaokfellows included. This done, their salvation was secured. As ® corollary to such sentiments, he would emancipate" the Irish Catholics; he hardly knew why, except that everybody ought to be emancipated and hold their own religious opinions. When a boy, he had gone over to JJnblin with his relative, the "Catholic Quaker," and had shaken hands with Mr. U Connell, and been present at a debate in Conciliation Sail, and was rather proud of thi -incident in his life. His mother's prayers, ana the sign of the cross die made over him, may, perhaps, have taken some of the Protestant wrus out of his heart against "Popery;" out he was as ignorant of the Catholic religion wone ef Barclay and Perkins' dray-horses. i professed much liberality towards the v-atholic Church, but his liberality -was as muoh of a barrier between him and her as any •mount of illiberally, and he regarded her supremacy" over kings 1000 years ago as a wupoUsmfor which, even in the 19th century, pwpte should remember, and although emanherinlrelandoughtto warn the world against ever wanting her too much liberty, i? double-minded liberality Mr. John h^ plenty 0f Protestant company. this power over kings athe laddie Ages was not a usurpation, I «on t know what it was." Mr. Rover : wit you are bound, as a rational being, P ve a rational and sufficient account of its origin-. It seems to me, with the history of the early ages before me, the negation of all reason to Bay that the Pope could uBurp such a power. How, then, did the Pope attain the power ?" Mr. Davit: "In no other way that 1 can conceive of but by usurpation, or, as Mr. Rubric called it just now, by assumption." Mr. JSevtr : " But show me how the usurpation worked: how did the Pope begin it, cany it on, and end itf" Mr. Davit: "The usurpation began secretly, in the dark, and was worked out by threats, and by terror, and by cunning, underhand tactics." Mr. Mover: " In what volume of very early Churoh history do you read all thatP' 1 Mr. Davit: "lam nogreat historian, but the New Testament is the earliest Christian history, and there isn't one word in the whole of it to justify the assumption of the power of popes over princes." Mr. Rover : " But I reply that you cannot ever have read the Gospel of St. Matthew (chapter xviii.), or else, reading, you have not underatood that chapter. If you did, I think you would be able to trace the power of the popes over kings to its true source. Do you really believe the Soriptures to be the words of God ? " Mr. Davit: " I believe, as I have heard and been taught, that they are, in a certain sense, the words of God, and declare to us the mind of God." Mr. Jlover : "Do you believe that Christ was God, and by incarnation became Man, and gave His twelve apostles direction about the object and government of His Church P Being the Logot, or Son of God, by the incarnation He became the Son of Man, and to this Man all all power in heaven and in earth was committed. In the plenitude of this power He commissioned His apostles, and explained to them how they were to act. Mr. Rubric will tell you that, in Matt, vxiii., 17, Christ instructed His apostles with an instruction which they should in due time communicate to all others who, by baptism, should be made members of the Church. 'If,' says Christ, «thou hast anything against thy brother, any offence, any quarrel, any wrong that he has done thee, any disputed debt, or matter of property about which a dispute has arisen, go and talk it, over alone, and if he be contentious and obstinate, take two or three Christian friends with thee, wise and experienced brethren, and in their presence have an explanation, and come to an amicable arrangement with him, and, if he refuse to be bound by their decision, then bring the matter judicially before the Church—that is, of course, the lawful pastors of the Church—and let the two or three friends come forward and give evidence; and then the chief pastor or pastors, having heard the litigious brother's statement, shall finally decide the case, and then, if the offending brother should be contumacious, and disregard the award of the Church given by his pastors, let that brother be to thee as a heathen man and a publican—that is, let him be excommunicated and not acknowledged as a Christian brother, of course, until he repents and submits.' Observe that Christ here says : ' If thou have—aught'—anything—any serious cause of complaint. . He excepts no case ; and here I find in the clear fountainhead of the Pope's authority both, in temporal matters, such as personal grievances or insults. There was no Church, in the ordinary sense of the word, at the time our Lord spoke those words, except only the Lord and his twelve Apostles, and they had no Church to which they could tell anything. Obviously He was speaking of the future when a lay element had been introduced. He. was there Himself to direct and judge all matters, and He therefore referred to a future time when He was gone, and the work of evangelisation was commenced and proceeding. Then, again, at the hour of His ascension, He commanded them, saying, 'Go ye into all nations, and preach the Gospel to every creature.' This includes kings, princes, nobles, warriors, statesmen, juries, consuls, high and low, rich and poor, without distinction of persons. Christ did not here command His Apostles to go and ask the consent of kings, emperors, princes, Etheric satraps, and pagan governments, and get leave from them to enter their kingdoms and preach. No ; Christ commanded Hia twelve Apostles to go and preach in all nations, asking no leave from any temporal monarch. They were to go with God's leave, as the Supreme Sovereign of all sovereigns, and they were sent to convert pagan kings from their paganism and bring them under the laws of God's one, true, holy, Catholic Church, with its new motives, new rules of action, new modes of thought, new maxims, and higher morality." Mr. Davis: "But in all that, I see no uthority given to Popes over king's, by hich they were" to be deprived of their ingdoms and Crowns at a Popes pleasure." r. Rover: "There you are in glorious rror. No Pope ever did anything of the ind, at his pleasure. It was always a pain, trouble, a sorrow, a heart-break, to the opes to have the lamentable duty forced pon them. The duty was never a pleasure, or a profit, but a pang and a loss. It was o capricious act, no act of freakish self-will, r spite, or greed, or revenge; it was : a olemn, judical act, brought before the Popes n their capacity as supreme Pastors of the hurch, and, after the establishment of the ew. WeBtern, or Holy Roman Empire, x.v. 00, as feudal head, also, of the confederated hristian repnblio of Europe. Do you uppose, sir, that English or Australian udges can try and hang men for fun, or for heir own gratification, or at their own mere otion F No, sir, they cannot. They must ct by the law, and as the law appoints. ssizes are held. The judges go on circuit. risoners are brought before them. The rials proceed. If prisoners are found uilty, the judge passes legal sentence on them, and it is no pleasure to any judge to do so. If prisoners are not found guilty, the judge has nothing more to do with them. So it was in Europe, when the popes tried the cases of refractory kings. If tney committed deeds of violence, or tyranny, or unjustly invaded their neighbours dominions, the Pope held his Court, called the accused or his ambassadors to appear and disprove the charges made if they could. If the charges were disproved, the cases fell to the ground. There was an end] of them. If the kings defied their father in Christ, and, at the same time, their feudal lord or paramount, then the Pope assed the legal sentence, according to the Etw of Europe. The convicted king was treated as a heathen man and a publican . he wouldn't hear the Church; excommunication followed; and the more dutiful sovereigns took upon them to punish the disturber of the general peace. This was the case with Manfred. He was disturbing the peace of Italy. He was striving to bring Italy under German rule. He interfered with the appointments of bishops. He tolerated a wholesale simony; he persecuted the Italian clergy; he coveted the Duchy of Benevento, and would have it by force of arms. He wouldn't pay into the Church's fund the yearly quit rent or tribute he had covenanted to pay. He insulted the Popes messengers, and absolutely rejected all expostulation. Then the Pope acted, and by formal public decree, declared Manfred excommunicated, and his fief forfeited. Do you call this usurpation P" Mr. Davis : "I see no trace of such a power or right in Christ's words in the Gospel. You say Peter was first Pope. We don't find him acting as judge in temporals, and no such right is conferred in the Gospel on his successors." Mr. Rover: "Again I might retort on you, and say that you know not the Scriptures. If you would borrow Mr. Rubric's Greek Testament for two minutes, and read Acts Chapter V., and attended to the narrative, you would find that Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, not long after he had entered on the duties of his office, although himself a spiritual person, an ecclesiastic and minister in spiritual things, acted as judge in temporal matters, and passed sentence on AnaniaB and Saphira, who had attempted a sacrilegious fraud on the Church funds. You know the passage, perhaps. They had a certain property. They sold it, and, as the Evangelist Luke tells you, they laid the price of the property at the Apostles' feet, that is, placed it at their disposal. ' Ie this the whole of what you got for that property ?' asked St. Peter. 'Yes,'replied Ananaias. ' Now, I am sore distressed to hear you state such a falsehood,' rejoined Peter; ' God is very angry with you, and has made known to me that he has passed sentence of death upon'yOufo'r so daring a crime.' And, instantly, Ananias fell down dead; and his wife, coming in, repeated the lie, and suffered the same instant penalty. Was not the sale of landB and houses a temporal transaction P Didn't Peter take cognisance of the sales P Tell me, why didn't St. Peter go and bring Ananias before King Herod, or before the Roman Pre tor at Jerusalem, or before their regular Court P He didn't. He ignored the King and the courts of law, and acted as judge himself. Had he not then, by virtue of his office, a right to act as judge in the case, and authority to give sentence P And observe what St. Luke adds—'And great fear fell on all the Church, and on all them that heard these things,' and St. Luke repeats this statement a second time. Do you think that Peter ought to have been tried for his life for his part in this event P Do you suppose the report of it did not go forth to Antioch, and into Egypt, to Alexandra, and into Asia Minor, and to Smyrna and Ephesus, and across to Corinth, and all Greece, and to RomeP" Mr. Rubric: "Oh, clearly; so awful a circumstance would be conveyed to all parts of the world wherever Christianity had reached, and could never be forgotten. The Christians among whom it happened must have known of it quite as well as we know of it." Mr. Davit: "But Paul, the Apostle, declares that every soul is to be subject to the higher (temporal) powers. How do you reconcile this with your theory of the Pope's supremacy over longs P I think it subjects the Pope himself to the temporal prince. I don't see how Clement IV. could explain this injunction' of the Apostle Paul so as to save himself from condemnation." Mr. Rover: " Do you remember who the higher power then was ? It was the pagan : Roman Empire, which the Apostles were sent ; to teach and to convert. Wlile that pagan! empire lasted, St. Paul tells the Catholics at Rome, and at Corinth and Galatea, and other places, that they must not j oin in any seditious attempts against the civil power. It is quite : evident to me that the Catholics, to whom fit. Paul wrote this injunction,' had already heard and learned the doctrine of Christ about the adjustment of quarrels, and that they knew very well the Church was for them the supreme judge in all cases. St. Paul warns them not to be rash or imprudent, or discontent with the pagan governments, but obey them in aU things which were not contrary to the Catholic faith. But St. Paul himself leaves ns under no doubt concerning the supremacy of the Church in temporal mattersas well as in spiritual. In I. Corinthians, chap. 6, v. l, 2,3, 4, 6, 6, 7,'hewrites; ' Dare any of you (the Catholics of Corinth) having a matter against another, go to law before the unjust (pagans), and not before the saints (Christians). Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? And if the world shall be judged by you, are ye •unworthy to judge in smallest matters f Know ye not that we (of the Catholio Church) shall judge angels; how much more thingt that pertain to this life f If, then, we have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed to judge in the Church. I speak to your shame. Is there not one among you, not even one, who is able to judge between his brethren— but brother goeth to law with brother, even before the (pagan) unbelievers. Now, therefore, there is utterly a fault among yon.' Such is the language of St. Paul. T)oes it not seem very agreeable with the words of Chrisf Matt, xviii., that Christian people were not to carry their strifes or suits at law before the secular or temporal, pagan or Jewifih magistrates, but appeal to the proper autt ority in the Christian Churoh, and thus hear the Churoh, obey the Church, and abide by the Church's decisions? Does not this language of St. Paul to the Corinthians agree with what we read of St. Peter judging the embezzlement of Ananias ? Here, then, we have our Lord Himself commanding His followers in their temporal, as well as spiritual concerns, not to carry them before the unbelieving courts of law, and appointing Kin Church as their j udsre and court. Peter, acting on our Lord's counsels, hajs no hesitation in sitting as judge of a fraudulent Christian, and St. Paul tells his converts that it was a shameful violation of their Christian duty to bring their lawsuits before the ' higher pagan powers.' And, afterwards, when from Rome missionary bishopB, with their priests, went forth over Italy, to the north and to the south, and into Gaul and Britain, and when from Thessalonica, and from Corinth and other cities of Greece, missionary bishops went north into Thrace, and Sarmatia, and Germany, they all carried the dootrine of Christ and the teaching of the Apostles with them. And thus one prince was converted, and then another and another, and one Gaulish chief after another were baptised into the death of Christ, and this king, and that king's wife, or son, or daughters were brought from the pagan wilderness into the Christian fold. They all learned that Peter was not only Bishop of Rome, but bishop over all other bishops; that he was the vicar of Christ on earth, and supreme judge in all matters of faith and morals, with power also to declare what civil or political enactment was obstructive or detrimental to the spiritual order; in short, that he was the Father of all the Faithful. The convert kings, and queens, and chiefs were properly instructed, as they were brought to the waters of baptism what the Church was, and why it was, and how it was governed, and, among all other things, that they should ' Hear the Church,' and bring their quarrels before the Church for settlement. And, thus instructed, they acknowledged themselves to be the dutiful sons of the Bishop of Rome, and voluntarily professed themselves the knights, the champions, the defenders of the Chair of Peter, its rights and privileges, and suzerains of the Holy Apostolic See, the centre of unity to the Christian world. They believed and obeyed the command of Christ when He bade all men 'Hear the Church.' They took causes to the Church, that is, to the supreme head of the Church, for him to determine. Like the Christians at Jerusalem, during the first ten years of the Catholic Church's course, these converted kings and princes came and laid their treasures, and even their crowns at the Apostle Peter's feet in the person of his successors in the See of Rome, owned these successors as their Lord paramount, sent ambassadors to them on Bpecial occasions, kept ambassadors at Rome to communicate the more readily with them, and forwarded contributions for the support of the.Supreme Pastor of the Universal Church and the' spread of the gospel by and under the Pope's control. Many princes resigned their crowns and principalities, gave up all to follow Christ in the way Christ Himself had counselled the yoang man in the gospels to follow Him, and became monks or priests, in cloistered obedience to Christ's rule, and for the better securing of their souls' salvation. These prinoes or kings often gave' up portions of their dominions to the service of God, the building of churches, the founding of of schools and oolleges, hospitals, libraries, and the endowments of such institutions. Thus naturally and spontaneously, and out of Christianity itself, grew up and ripened that great systems of European jurisprudence and of public law which for so many ages bound Christendom together in its comity of nations, and which revolved round the Pope as the sun of the system. This is the true physiology of the Pope's sway. It was no usurpation on his side. It was no servility or abject humiliation on their -side. It is nothing short of fanatical -delusion, and that ef the most extravagant kind, for anyone to imagine that this system and its code ever arose or could arise out of usurpation. Usurpation means power equal to the occasion. When a pagan Roman military commander usurped the imperial throne, as many of them did, the usurper had the army at his back. But during the 600 or 800 veara in whioh their system, which took the Papacy as its pivot to turn on, was growing and consolidating itself, the Popes had no material force at their command, and,materially,were as helpless and feeble for any such task as your theory of usurpation eupposesas : they are at this moment. Can you imagine the Pope of to-day exacting a yeariy tribute from the British Government for his recognition of their power in Australia. No; and -equally vain, absurd, and profitless would such an ttempt have been atany period of the Ghristain eta from the death of Peterthe Apostle at Rome to the reign of Leo nLyA.D. 800\. JNo one in ancient limes ever accused the Popes of usurping the author^y ^thi^ exercised In the - ages of. Faith,-as we call them. It -isa modern' invention, And originated in the ma^oeoftraitoiB'to$hs idy See. It snbserveaa political purpoee t present to harp upon the impossible figment, as impossible as the fabulous perform- anoe of Aladdin's lamp, and despioa^We qnd disgnsting in the light of true history. The Pope in Borne, writing bnlU to barbario soverigns in 8pain, Gaul, Britain, Swederi, Muscovy, ^nd Germany, wfcp dipbfilieved in his divine mission, would baivg been actaof dotage and babyism. The ijngs yfqxSA h&jp; laughed thepopes bulls tip soprn. But popea, writing bulls, tha£ xbJ Jesters, ' jfc<j grown ed heads who firmly jind anoerelj; Jievpdin the Holy .Qbiuofr jrho knew from "" the gospeK >spels that Christ had oommanded them to ' hear the Church,' that is, the Supreme Pontiff and Chief Bishop of the Church, •would be quite a different thing. The the Catholic kings would receive the Pope's bulla, his letter^ sealed with his offioial seal, as the Catholics of Asia Ifinor of old received the epistles of St. Peter, reverently and affectionately, and as dutiful sons received the letters of a kind fattier. This, sir, is the rational theory of the Papacy's supremacy as regards kings and States and the temporal order, and so long as Catholic kings and governments left the Church free to teach the Catholic religion, and uphold the worship of God, the Popes were always the most strenuous assertory and protectors of the rights of kings, the honour of governments, and the liberties of States." November 30, 1880. 