BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK BETTER. - - A stranger taking a stroll through New York, would at once put it down as a very ungodly city, and if he did. I am not quite sure that he would be very far out of (he way. On Grand-street and Prince-street and Ifinth streeit and Broadway, stand churches, the names of which are historical. Here, as late as teu years ago, the disciples of Christ dispensed' th«r Bredft of Life alike to "the Iambs and the* sheep. Grand old apcsties were these same priests;.and ! have one now in my mind's eye' who preached the Wofd of God, from an old pulpit, for more than fifty years. He came among his people a young man of thirty, and. they laid him away to rest at the age of eighty-four. It is only ten years ago, sin ee^ under that sacred roof, hundreds of 1 old Knickerbockers gathered around thecofSn of that aged minister of Christ; and to-day, negro minstrels kick up their heels above the spot where once his holy altar stood,, and .bra^H -wom^n," Scantily clad, display- :tbeir \- faded charms, almost minus the fig-leaf ■tf'hich. distinguished our mother Eve a few days . after the fell. No less than twenty prominent churches. in this city are occupied as theatres, auction rooms, or stables, while many have been swept out of sight entm-ly by the insatiable demands of trade. On the corner of William and Fulton-strects stood old St. George's Church, which in revolutionary times, was one of the great centre-1 of orthodox faith, as understood by thi Episcopal Church. At its altar, both rebel and royalist knelt to receive the Holy Sacraments. Just previous to the evacuation of the city, Sir Henry Clinton, surrounded by his staff, received the blessing &£ the attendant miuister, and partook of the ' bread and wine; and a few weeks after, Washington and his staff knelt in the same place, and after partaking the Sacred -Elements Heard prayers offered up for the safety and protection of His Most G-raciou's Majesty, our beloved Sovereign, by the Grace of Crod King George the third. As late as 1840, St. George's Chapel had'still an aristocratic con gregation, and divided - with Trinity the patronage of the better sort of people who clung to the old church and the old-time faith. When the glory of St. George's was fading, an evangelist appeared who struck the key-note of a new revelation, and the FoIton-6treet noonday prayer-meeting was inaugurated. It is difficult sometimes to trace the cause of the inspiration, but on. these meetings descended a Pentecostal shower, such as the old church had never known even in the zenith of its gloiy. Merchants left their offices and ledgers, and hankers their discounts and exchanges, and in company with prize-fighters and harlots knelt at its altar and asked' forgiveness for their sins. That was a quarter .of a century ago, and for years after the wallg of old St. George's re sounded with the jabUant hymns of ransomed sinners, who had been snatched as brands from the burning. Then the devil began to gain a foothold, and the cupidity of trustees devoted the old church to destruction. First the old grave yard was invaded, and the bones or old Christians which had lain there a hundred years were dug np from, their honoured resting-place and rudely carried away. Over their graves huge buildings were erected, ' which at once became a great source of revenue; foot after foot was taken from its. grounds, and finally the old church itself was pulled down. But, inasmuch as the ground on which the church stood was granted by the original donor exclusively for church purposes, in order to keep it from reverting to the heirs these wily presbyters devoted a little room in the centre of the building to be used for gospel purposes, and by this adroit trick have cheated the dead man's descendants of their rights. The Fulton-street gospel prayer meeting which started twenty- five years ago goes nominally on to-day, but at is only the ghost of its former self, or, like Samson it is shorn of its locks. The few pious old gentle men who hare charge of tlie church funds, which they treat-as their own private pro perty, gather every day at 12 o'clock, and offer a short prayer for the heathen in foreign lands and the speedy conversion of ibis Jews. In a few yea*-s even these will liavepaaped away, the gospel .^oom -~wiH be money changers, and antiquarians will search. in vain for the site of old St. George's Chapel. We are still suffering from the pedestrian phobia ; the virus has taken a deeep hold and keeps breaking out in .new and unexpected spots. The disgrace with which the so-called champion Weston has covered himself cul minated last Tuesday with the attachment of the Astley Belt. A persistent creditor who sticks to him like a leeeh, has filed a lien on the British trophy, and it would be a new phase in pedestrianism if a legal process helped us to do that -which Weston's legs failed to do, to wit :-to keep the champion's belt from going across the water. For once our smart reporters for all the dailies have been thrown off the track. The wife of the great Colonel Sellers last week applied for a divorce. Various causes were assigned for the application, but Broadbrim is the only newspaper man who was able to penetrater the secret. Some people thought there was a woman in the case but those who know the Colonel best, immediately dismissed the slander, for it is well known to his friends west he would not look at a woman through a telescope. The truth of the matter is, that he has been devoting himself for many months past to- perfecting a -double back-action trap for the extermination of cockroaches. The experiments have consumed a good deal of: money, and during the time he has been com pelled to feed Miss Marie Gordon nee Mrs. Colonel Sellers on turnips and water. The lady objected to the diet, the Colonel swore it was fit for kings and emperors. The case was referred to Judge Davis, who, seeing no prob ability of a compromise, very judiciously granted a bivorcc. I beg, however, you will not mention this, as in case the author should be discovered I might possibly be imprisoned for contempt of court. On Wednesday Clinton Market was thrown into a state of intense excitement at the at tempted assassination of a German butcher by a jealous husband, who closed the drama by blowing his own brains out. The butcher swears that he is innocent of offence, and the wife swears that she knows nothing of the bntelier. What the dead man would swear to if he were in swearing condition ifc is quite impossible to tell, but it is fair to presume that his oath would not agree with either the woman's or the butcher's. As the election approaches polities seems to engross almost every other subject. The. de mocrats of both degrees have had their grand ratification meetings, and after carefully listening to their different statements I can not see any earthly reason why- they should not all be-viciorious—they ought to be, they all deserve it—because they are all going to stop all sorts of stealing, and thsy are each, individually, going to supervise tlie expendi ture of the public funds ; tliey are going to reduce taxation, and put none but honest men in office, so T hopefully iopk forward to the good time coming. I am going to vote for all of them. I like the Greenbacks, be cause they are going to give us plenty of money; and I like the Hard-money men bo cause they state thnt they are going to make Greenbaoke as good as gold: I like the Be publioans, because they are in favor of honest government, and I like- the Democrats; be cause they ea-n watch them, and they are in favor of honest ?overnmeWt, too. They are all. so good that I rlon't- feel that I oau-eDar& 'ttuy of tfaein. and therefore uext" election day I am goinjt to vote for the whole of them. During the present' year'thirtv tone of solid gold hnTe so far come' back as a reward to the farmers and planters of the United States. Here we feci the hrafin^ of the notion's pulse, in the mights crowds thnt throng, our streets from tke riding to the netting of"tlie iuu. Tiuios liave certainly improved; it is years since X have seen such activity in' every department of trade, and hoping that the tidal wave is felt by you. 