HEADS OF INTELLIGENCE. The R.M.S. Hydaspes, with the English mails, arrived at Glenelg from Galle on Saturday, October 2. The R.M.S. Assam, with the home-<*> ward mails, left Glenelg for Galle on Tuesday. Octobers. The Orient liner Aconcagua arrived at thai Semaphore from T.«n<l«-n on itenday, Octobers. TueCuxco,of the same line, sailed far aJundonK on Monday, October 11. The Orient arrived, from London on Thursday, October 14. His Excellency the Governor has returned? from Melbourne, where he vms present at the opening of the jsihibition. Tim prorogation of Parliament will, if practi cahle, take place mahout a fortnight. Tnedaes of the general eirerinns for the House of As sembly hss irot yet been fixed. The House of Assembly hava gone **yiinaSa the ordinary aMssuates ef expenditure, andl practically finished the Siipplenientary Bsti mates. Estimates of e^ennxtnre oat of loan; money nave, in accordance with tbe Eananee Cummiarnexrh rfrommendstinn, been brought? . down, and are now being eonsider?d. Several warm debates an the fraud sjiei lisfsl by Messrs. Hops^,Gfisxs, ACo.ontbiscolquSr in connection with the supply of dete?tive rail-* way iron, have taken place in the Assembly. Tim conduct of the Agent-General in regard to - the whole affair has been stroeglyeensiiTad. Audi an attempt was made to strike out the lins> • Agent-General, -a^oo,"mtba?stinutoa, bub the item was linally passed. The Asaennwylmve refused to pass a vote oC £5,000 to Sir B. B. Torrens, proposed to bey granted te him ia recognition of ids services is cownestson with the Beal ftoperty Act. The sum of £16j000 has been voted by the) Asse?sbly sur^imiidgi ation. A Bill providing for retains; allowances tot Judges of the Supreme Ooext has been earriedl in the Assfsiilily.and is at present ander consi deration ia the Upper House. Sn amartilhijr T**fid Ttirl t alia |?ppy?m?JqlAs*^*. of-which is to extend the time of payment allowed to eelectors, hssTpassed the Asseuibly a and is now in the Upper House. TheLccalOourm?Olhas passed toeAsaem*> lily, aad is now fa the-Legislative CtouneQ. AllintesmendtimlnamT?irrylawhsirissssif tbeAsa*anb]y,'jMlwbesnreada second time] in tbe rajgiatsarte Council. Thel^iea?sadTfvtualLeD Bill has Ireen esroedt through bfarrTnitteein the Upper Hones. The Municipal Gorpurslaons Bili, which eosf solidates and amends the present Acts, has bests earned through the lower House, and is nova in committee in the TiagUlative Council. A measure emending the Medical Act ia various directions pointed out by tbe medical profession is before the House of Assembly. The TeJaara Bailway Bill has been throwai out by the Assembly. A motion by the Hon. J. Colton in that Assembly for a railway to Wulunga has beaTS withdrawn. The reeorameudations of the Public Were* Oommissifin with regard to the beat nsethodek. nisnaging the Pnblic Works Depactment aw now being considered by the Assembly. The Government have agreed to a sKcHag; scale for the carriage ot wheat and other cereals on our railways at reduced rates for ieng dismisses. . Seven hundred Chinese have recently arrived! at Port Darwin from Hongkong. TbeGuvern mentdo not consider that there many urgent! necsssity atpresent to regulate tlwimmbjratto?T. of Chinese into the Merthern Territory. The action of the Legislative Council lot throwing out the Bill to regulate Chinese immi gration has been strongly cundenmed by apuolis meeting of citizens. The Board of Enquiry into a number of charges against Mr. JosUvh Boothby, GM.G.. have sent in their renort. Several of *u9 ebsrgesare stated to bare been proved. The Adelaide Philosophical Society will ia future be known as the Boyal Society of South, Australia. Bis Honor the Chief Jusboe has beenv elected president for the ensuing year. . atr. T. S. Beed, J-P-, has been apnobatedl, chairman of the Destitute Board. The Soute Australian Carrying Company jaf to be wound up. Aluanutoraecanoert'room, called the Alberti Hall, has been been opened in connection with.' the German Glub. The building cost £3,100. The Theatre Boyal is now occupied by aa* English and Italian Opera Company. Brofessar Pepper is ftxbibjti"g bis famous ghosts ah . Garner's Theatre. Mr. Arthur Sketchley, tha author of the famous " Mrs. Brown,'' is now iTnairing n country tour. Tbe first Park Meeting of the Adelaide Bacingr Club has been held. The attendance was small. The S.A. National Bide Association have been, again defeated in a rifle match by the Perth. Metropolitan Volunteers. News has been received of the death of Mr. H. K. Hughes, formerly Treasurer of thiscolany,' at Kew, England. * The death of Atr. A. Murray, an old South. Australian colonist, at Gipnsland, Victoria, la reported. jTjousia Clark, a widow living at Biverten, baa been tried on a charge of murdering her illajiai-. mate child, and acquitted. George Sheppard, a drover, has cenuaitfceS suicide by cutting his throat withe cerring-kuifs while in an unsound state of mind. Price of Copper.—WaJlaros copper ? nosT quoted at £S2 per ton. Bates of l&ehange.;—The hank rates « exchange with aVaudouare aa formerly, vis.:--: Buying % per cent, selling 1 per cent. . Insolvencies.—There have been no inaflaTfllrtlrlgg . of importencedurisg the last fortnight. 