GAMBETTA AT CHERBOURG. The President of the French Republic, in company with MM. Gambetta and Leon Say, the Presidents of the two Houses of Legislature, has recentlv naid a visit to the arsenal and harbour of Cher bourg. The illuBtriouB trio were received with every sign of enthusiasm, the visit, in fact, occasioning almost as much ex citement as a royal progress. Such was the throng of visitors that accommoda tion for them all became a physical impossibility. Some of them wan dered disconsolately through the streets unable to procure lodgings, and others made themselves as comfortable as they could on the vessels in the harbour. The illuminations were on such a scale as to rival those of the recent Paris fete. There was a launch of an ironclad, a naval review, receptions, banquetting, and speeches galore. The various parts of the demonstration furnish, much material for comment, but the utterances of the men who hold the helm of public affairs are still more worthy of attention, and of these, the utterances of M. Gambetta, necessarily attract the largest amount of notice. Among the questions that in terest Europe one of the most absorbing is the development of French Republican ism. The condition of France is second only to the condition of Turkey as a subject of general concern. It is univer sally believed that the guiding mind of the nation is that of the President of the Assembly, and hence every sentence that falls from his lips, whether studied or manifestly unpremeditated, is scanned, weighed, and criticised with the keen ness that is born of suspicion. Nowhere on the Continent is there so much sensi tiveness to the current of French thought as in Germany, and of this strained watchfulness one of the Cherbourg incidents furnished material for a complete illustration. Among other speeches M. Gambetta gave a short impromptu address to a company of commercial travellers, in the course of which he referred to various matters of public interest. Considering that the hour was nearly midnight, that the com pany was enthusiastic, its elation being fanned and fed by applauding multitudes outside the building, this after-supper improvisation ought not to be regarded in the same way as a political manifesto. Under the circumstances some little extra exuberance was only to be expected, and might have been allowed to pass un noticed even were its manifestations) per fectly clear. Another thing which should tend to disarm criticism is the fact that no stenographer being present the speech had to be reported from memory, and in that case both the tone and phrases were likely to be, though unconsciously, yet materially, heightened in colour. Despite all these^considerationB, however, a section of the German Press has dealt with it in the most trenchant fashion. Tha Nord Deutsche Atlgemine Zeituvg, which is the reputed organ of Prince Bismarck, after taking plenty of time to make up its mind — or perhaps to receive its in spiration— finds in the speech evidences o( the bellicose policy M. Gambetta hopes to unfold in the future when the time is ripe. Starting on these premises, it reads him a severe lecture, and goes over the well- ' trodden ground of French perfidy and violence in the days that are past The writer has a long array ,of historical fact3 to prove that France has been tho aggressor and Germany the victim, but the chief result of dragging them to light on such, an occasion ia to ^provo that German susceptibilities are as tender as ever, and so to keep alive a sense of dis quietude. The foolish hoax that was perpetrated about tho same time by pub lishing a garbled version of one of M. Gambetta's old private letters emphasizes tbe lesson to be learnt from this incident in a very unpleasant way. While Gor many continues so intensely suspicious, and can find roason for alarm whon thoro is only the barest shadow of a shade o£ provocation, real tranquillity must bo' mpossible. With regard to the speech itself there s little indeed that can be fairly in terpreted as rash, and nothing at all that s bombastic, even without making any allowance for the informality aud possible naccuracies that have been mentioned. SL Gambetta's allusions to the present position of France were eminently calm ind judicious. He said for ten years the lation had been getting used to liberty, hat some measure of demagogy had to bo anticipated, but gusts of that kind would lot retard its progress or wreck its hopos. As to his own position he averred that he iad never aspired to a dictatorship, but intended to be the faithful servant of iemocracy. The past troubles of tho country were touched lightly without a word to exasperate the Teutonic con queror. It was a ' time of grief' ?whon 'fortune turned against us,' and the right of the nation underwent an eclipso. Whatever lessons it may have impressed on the mind of the nation, M. Gambetta only spoke the truth when ho said 'for ten years not a word of brag or temerity has passed our lips. ' This topic naturally suggested the duty of the people undor such circumstances of trial, and on this point M. Gambetta was singularly terse and clear. His epigramatic sentences ara indeed open to the charge of triteness when regarded as counsels as to tho attitude to be preserved. In times ot national reverse nations should be masters of themselves they should accept all devoted co- operation, ' they should wait in calmness with their hands and arms . free at home as abroad.' There is nothing- in all this either inflam matory or menacing. M. Gambetta could hardly be expected to state ' in so many words that France would never under any circumstances attempt to re trieve her fortunes. Patriotism and policy alike forbade it. He has laboured tlili - gently and successfully to impress tho necessity of avoiding foreign complications and of securing internal peace upon tho nation. He disavows a warlike spirit, perceiving it to be a permanent injury, while seeking to ensure the stability of the Eepublic, as well as 'its dignity, by linking to it the sympathy of both army and navy. It is evident that a Gambettist Presidency would be unpopular at Berlin, and this is the probable explanation of German criticism on the Cherbourg speeches. M. Gambetta's references to home affairs well bear examination as fully as his suggestion for future foreign policy. In one address he significantly alluded to tho bil: nee of power, and so gave the Senato the full support of his authority. On every proper occasion he had a good word to say for M. Grevy, and his loyalty to the chief of the Republic was particularly conspicuous. At the same time it was the Republic itself on which he sought to fix attention, and for which he claimed attachment He is evidently penetrated with the belief that the form of Govern ment France now enjoys is best suited for its interest, and for the maintenance of liberty. From year to year the language? employed by him expresses increased confidence, and at Cherbourg he spoke with the accent of thorough conviction. There Is reason for this growing confidence in tha proofs that are constantly being furnished from almost all parts of the country that the Reactionaries are steadily losing ground. The departmental elections have dealt a heavy blow to anti- Republicans of all kinds. There is a manifest danger lest the Moderates Bhould be displaced by the Radicals through the tendency that always exists to rush to extremes ; but the Conservatives are perceiving that if they are to retain any iniluenco at all they must modify their programme. They are beginning to per ceive that the Republic is an accomplished fact, that it is able to take care of itself, to control the fortunes of the country, and to command respect abroad. Henco the question has arisen whether it is not better for them to relinquish the attitude ofjuncompromising kostility that threatens to end in their political effacement By abandoning such a line of antagonism they would regain political influence to some extent, from which as declared enemies of the Republic they are neces sarily debarred. It is perfectly clear that they would thus not only consult their own interests, but pro mote those of the country. Nothing would more rapidly allay the fervour of Extremists than the abandonment of whit perpetuates irritation and alarm. Probably such a/Conservative remodelling is still in the distance, but much is gained when its necessity is perceived and urged by one of the most influential Conservative organs. Meanwhile the third Republic led by M. Gambetta has won for itself tho fidelity and loyalty of both army and navy, as well as the growing support of the people generally. It stands more firmly now than at any former time, and these results are largoly attributable to the judicious counsels of M. Gambetta, combined with tbe modera tion, patience, and wisdom of his general policy. He has by the force of his cha racter obtained wonderful ascendancy over the popular mind, and the Cherbourg speeches are a fair example of the modesty and judgment with which he uses hit poweA SJ3. Gcico.— The following are the passengers booked to leave per the Orient Steamer Oozoo on Monday next :— Mrs. Warren, in the saloon; Mr. and Mrs. Cotton, second-class; Mrs. Grivell, third; and six in the steerage. The mail by the Guzco will close at 11 a.m. on Monday. TS» ISTERSATI05AI. ElFLH MATCHES.— It 18 very gratifying to know that, owing to the agita tion set on foot with a view to providing a team of riSemen to represent South Australia at the forthcoming International Rifle Contest in Mel bourne, there is now every probability of the necessary funds being obtained, as several gentlemen have liberally subscribed to pay the expense of sending over the marksmen. A matter iiie this ought to be looked upon as a national affair, and there should be no difficulty in having the colony represented. We have plenty of crack shots willing to compete, bat they ought hardly to be expected to incur the expenses of the trip when t'^ey go over to maintain the position of South Australia in ritie-ahooting. Intending competitors belonging to the L.M F. have already been invited to send in their names, in order that class-firing, in connection with the S.AJN.R.A-, may be entered upDn at once. Yolustbbb Itejis.— Tne following pro motion has been made :— Trooper F. Bowell to be Sergeant Ten or fifteen representatives of the L.M.F. having been invited to compete io the International Eitle Matches to take place at Melbourne, intending competitors are asked to send in their names to the Deputy- Assistant Adjutant-General, Captain Ferguson, before the 22nd inat., in order that the trial matches m*y be arranged in conjunction with the South Australian National Kifle Association. Several gentleman have sent in donations, and it was anticipated that the team would be~ able to go over free of expense. As class-firing will shortly commence, instead of the usual moonlight parade position-drill is to be conducted in the drill-flbed at 8 p.m. during the present month. There is to be a church parade on Sunday morn ing at the Cathedral. Tub Lath Mb. Andrew Murbat. — Oar Vic torian telegrams this morning announce the death of an old South Australian, Mr. Andrew Hurray. The deceased gentleman arrived in Adelaide in 1839, and in conjunction with Mr. Greig carried on a drapery business, under the style of Murray, Greig, & Co., on the site of what is now Beach's Kef reshment-rooms. Mr. Murray always possessed a literary bent, and his pen often enriched the columns of the Press at that time. It was not surprising, therefore, when the plant of the Southern Australian (the second newspaper established in South Aus tralia) was offered for sale that he became the purchaser of it. Of this journal he was editor and proprietor till 1652, when the exodus to the gold-fields of Victoria so completely stagnated business that the Southern Australian was forced to succumb to the pressure of the times. Mr. Murray then migrated to Victoria, and became connected with the Argus, where at one time he filled the responsible position of editor, and ?nbsequently he established a newspaper of his own, the Economist. LrrHHCOLOHiiL Bulb Match.— The return match between the South Australian National Bine Association and the Perth Metropolitan Bifle Association teams will take place to-day, onr men firing at the Folham Ranges, and the Western Australians on their local ground. The match will be fired on the same conditions as those ruling at the first contest, when the Perth men were the victors. Thb Explosivh Emulations.— The following is the official reply to the deputation which waited on the Marine Board on Monday, October 4, in reference to the clauses of the explosive regulations relating to the sale and keeping of fireworks: — 'It has been decided that section 27 of tne explosives regulations will not be enforced as regards fireworks for three months from October 1 inclusive. The Board, however, do not consider it advisable that any alteration shonld be made respecting the sale of fireworks to children nnder thirteen years of age.' St. Pktbb's, QtssBLB. — The churchwardens and Building Committee, finding that they hive sufficient funds in hands to enable them to accept a first contract for a portion of the new church, have authorized Messrs. Wright and Beid to call for tenders. The complete ' building, with its lofty spire, will be a great ornament to the township, and will accommo dtta between 600 and 700 worshippers. Fhpprr'b Ghost— The lovers of the mar vellous have a treat in store for them this evening in the eihibition at White's Rooms of the exceedingly clever optical illusion known as Pepper's Ghost by the gentleman who is its inventor. We had an opportunity of seeing a rehearsal of aportioaof the entertainment on Friday, and are, therefore, able to speak from more than hearsay. Some of the spectres are very well defined, and as 'they come like \- shadows so depart,' they cannot fail to excite . the curiosity as well as the admiration of the spectator. One of th.6 items in the programme ia a representation of incidents in the classical and remarkable story of Pygmalion and Galatea, and the gradual fading away of the figure of the vivified statue was very effectively managed. Other por tions of the entertainment combine both the wonderful and the humourous, and the adven tures of an unfortunate barber, whose shop is haunted by ghosts, is sure to excite the merri ment of the audience. Mabisb Board. — The Board sat on Friday afternoon, October 9, and with closed doors dis cussed the features of the new Marine Board BilL Bazaab at thb Town Haix.— The Sisters of St. Joseph's caritorama was continued at the Town Hall on Friday evening. There was again a large attendance, and the ladies appeared to te disposing of a large quantity of goods. Thb ' BtrrxBror.' — This is the name of an illustrated serio-comic weekly newspaper pub lished in Sydney about two yean ago, which has since obtained a very large circulation. It is well written, excellently arranged, and contains a large amount of news from all the colonies, the essence of which only is given, making the journal in this respect quite a mulium in parvo. Considerable space is allotted to- sporting and theatrical matters, and there are a large number of personal items, which, though penned with much smartness, are devoid of offence, except to the thin-skinned. Altogether the journal is the best of its kind which has ever been published in the colanies. Cbix»al Srmifas.— The Criminal Sitting! of the Supreme Court were continued before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut on Friday, September 8. The cases disposed of were as follows : — George Glover, convicted on his own confession of bigamy, two years' hard labour ; Samuel Wilson, stealing, seven years' hard labour ; George Click, assault on a peace officer, ?ix months' hard labour; Samuel Matthews, assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm, acquitted ; William Thomas Rose, convicted of forgery and false pretences, and pleaded guilty to larceny, four years for the forgery and one year for each of the other offences— sentences concurrent; William Bartram, stealing, two years ; Michael Moran, aggravated assault, ac quitted. The cases on the list for Tuesday are — James Bora Langhton, ?mbezzlement; Patrick Shinners and W. Koland, aggravated assault ; Joseph Stevens, fraudulent conversion of s» valuable security ; Thomas Neayton, forgery; William Kinike, indecent assault; Thomas William Weaver, unlawfully wounding ; Frank Makin, fraudulent conversion of property. Fatal Accident to a Qchhic.— On the night of June 1 the Queen of Siam and her favourite child were on their way up the River Monan, to join the King at his summer palace, BangPa in. They were in what is known aa a picnic boat, and were proceeding on their voyage, when they were run down by a steam-launch. The picnic boat was overturned and sank, and the Queen, her child, and nearly every person on board, were drowned. Mb. Matthbw Bcrhhtt*s Missions. — Mr. Burnett's closing lecture at Kent Town, where he has now been delivering addresses for five weeks past, took place last, night. To- day Mr. Burnett leaves tor Moonta, where be will remain for a week. Thb lath Mb. Johm Roberts. — The funeral of the late Mr. John Roberto, a Councillor for the town of Unley, and Chairman of the Publio Works Committee of that Corporation, took place yesterday. The deceased gentleman had held a high character for many years in Unley and its neighbourhood, and his practical experience as a builder and contractor was of the utmost service to the Unley Corporation. The funeral was an unusually large one, over seventy vehicle* fol lowing, while at the grave itself several hundreds of persons were assembled. Amongst others present wers His Worship the Mayor of Unley (Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.), the whole of the members of the Council, Mr. J. H. Bagster, J.P. (ex- Mayor of Unlet), and the Town Clerk (Sir. J. Miller). Preskst to thb Rrv. T. Hope. — The pastor of Clayton Church, Kensington, the Rev. Thos. Hope, bad a pleasant surprise on Wednesday evening, by the presentation to him of a birth day gift in the form of a valuable gold lever watch, suitably engraved. The gift was the united expression of his congregation's respect ( and esteem and a alight token of their apprecia- I tion of his labour amongst them as their mini- j ?ter. In response Mr. Hope heartily thanked the donors for this renewed proof of their confidence S and goodwill for himself and his work amongst [ them, and assured them that their gift would I ever he highly valued as a memento of the ' kindness of bis friends at Clayton Church. '? . Thb Northbbs Thbbitobt Scoab Plaitta iioh Bixx. — The second reading of this Bill was carried on Friday in the Council after con siderable opposition. In Committee the op ponents of the Bill made a very firm stand, acd as the restilt two hours were spent discussing the first clause without any progress being made. Hon. members were generally in a very combative mood. The Hob. 11. 0. Baker led off the attack by a criticism of the concessions proposed to be given to Messrs. Spence and Owston and the De Liaaa Company. The hon. Mr. Tarlton defended the Government pro posals in regard to the concessionaires, and wound up with an unexpected attack on the Hon. P. Santo, who, he said, was one of those patriotic gentlemen who took good care not to put their hands in their pocketB unless very good security was forthcoming. After this the discussion in Committee assumed a decidedly personal tone. The Hon. J. Dunn, catching the prevailing keynote, deprecated Mr. Filter's remarks about Mr. Owaton's former position as a 8outh Australian trader, and then himself referred to the Hon. Mr. Fisher's former con nection with the Register newspaper in a way which excited the wrath of the latter, who -rising to his legs said that if outside ' tittle tattle ' was to be brought forward he could tell a little story about the Hon. Mr. Dunn and his brother. The House laughed in anticipation of the anecdote, which wag, however, not told, and good humour aeemed to be once more restored, especially as an entente corJiale had been re established between Messrs. Tarlton and Santo, the former implying that he had only spoken in a 'Pickwickian sense.' Before long, however, hostilities again .broke oat in reference to the Hon. W. Sandover's motion that the Council divide, and the fact of the Chief Secretary having voted with him. Both hon. members were severely handled all round for en deavouring to 'stifle discussion,' and in the end the Council resumed, leave being given to the Committee to sit agaic on Tuesday next, when the Chief Secretary hoped a more genial feeling would prevail. ! Mb. Arthtb Skhtcklet. — The author of the Mrs. Brown papers appeared for the last time at Garner's Theatre on Friday eveniBg, October 8, when he gave a series of Shakspearian readings to illustrate the character of Sir John Falstaff, and he followed this up by telling in Mrs. Brown's own language how the stout old lady spent a happy day. There was a good though not a crowded house. The first part of the entertainment was described by Mr. Sketchiey aB ** sublime,' the last as 'ridiculous;' but if we can correctly judge the feeling of the audience, we should say that they enjoyed the adventures of Martha Brown ben times — nay fifty times — as much f as those of the fat old knight. Mr. ! Sketchiey looked Sir John Falstaff, and spoke his words well ; but he attempted the very difficult task of reading scene after scene from the first part of Skaispeare's 'King Henry IV.,' and of taking nearly all the characters who are supposed to speak in these scenes. We think this was a great mistake, and that Mr. Sketchiey would have done far better if he had given a few short illustrative readings bringing eat the character of Sir John the more distinctly because of their being surrounded by less of what may be termed by-play. We apeak thus strongly because we were quite disappointed — as nearly all the audience seemed to be — with the hour and a quarter which was occupied by the one con tinuous reading from Shakspeare's play, while they were intensely amused and kept in a constant state of effervescing merriment by the recital of how ' Martha Brown' enjoyed herself during her day's outing. It is needless to follow the old lady, through her laughable ex periences in missing the 'emlibua,' getting into the wrong steamer, being lost in the maze at the Boaherville Gardens, or being ' made like a pitful porcupine through having of the gathers of her dress tore oat, and then pinned up with half a paper of pins.' Mr. Sketchiey certainly never appeared to greater advantage than in the too-short half-hour be gave of Mrs. Brown and her happy day. Indeed it would be almost impossible to conceive of anything more amusing or more cleverly rendered. This makes us wonder all the more that a gentleman possessed of such elocutionary power and such keen perception should allow himself to appear to so little advantage as he did during three fourths of his entertainment on Friday. After the recital Mr. Sketchiey bade farewell to the pceple of Adelaide, and expressed his gratifica tion at what he had seen in this city. Thb Cost of tub Govbkhkhht Sbrvicb.— A return was laid on the table of the House, showing the total amount paid from July 31, 1879, to Jane 30, 1880, to the employfis of the Government Service, from which it appeared that the expenditure under the different heads was as follows:— Salaries fixed, £186,727 Is 9d. ; provisional and temporary salaries, £332,976 4a. Id. Loans accounts, £239,533 5s; other debits, £133,616 19s. 9d. Total, £892,853 10s. 7d. Thb Telephone. — The offices of the various other Ministers of the Grown have been con nected with the Chief Secretary's by means of the telephone. Mr. Morgan, besides being able to 'speak with his colleagues, is also able to communicate with Parliament House. Wbxcoxb to thb Rbv. R. Rbid.— A ' social' was held in Trinity Church Schoolroom on Thursday evening, October 7, to welcome the Rev. R. Reid on his return from England, after an absence of eight months. The entertainment was provided by the Wardens of the Church and the Young Men's Society, of which Mr. Reid is the President, invitations being given to the members of the congregation, the teachers of the Sunday-school, and the choir, and notwith standing the unpropitious state of the weather there was a large gathering. A short programme, consisting of music, operatic choruses by the choir, songs, and recitations, was gone through, and at its close an address of welcome indicative of the esteem in which the rev. gentleman is held by the Society, of which he is President, was presented by the Rev. W. S. Moore (one of the Vice-Presidents). In reply, the rev. gentle man thanked the members for their kind address, also the office- bearers af the Church, the teachers of the Sunday-school, and the choir, (or their labours during his absence. He referred to several matters of interest that he had wit nessed during his tour through the old country. The rest of the evening was spent by the com pany amusing themselves with parloor-gtmea. refreshments being handed round at intervals by the members of the Association. Da Yocsa's InsorvEfcrx. — The adjourned final hearing in re S. De Young's insolvency was continued on Friday before the Commissioner of Insolvency. On Monday next the cross examination will be began by the Hon. O Mann, Q.O., the leading counsel for the in. solvent. COKQRBGATIOHAL GHTBCH, HniDJCABSH.— On Thursday evening, October 7, the second of a aeries of lectures, on behalf of the Building Fund of the above church, was delivered by Mr. Matthew Burnett, who bad the same after noon presided over a mothers' meeting in the Wealeyan Schoolroom, Brotnpton. The subject chosen by Mr. Burnett was ' Reminiscences of a visit to Europe.' The metropolis and principal towns of Ed gland and their Associa tions, referring principally to temperance and religious life, was vividly portrayed ; and to the adult portion of the audience the lecture was particularly interesting on account of the allu sions to many celebrated men who have since passed to their rest. On resuming his seat Mr. Burnett was greeted with loud applause. A vote of thanks, cordially proposed and seconded, was carried by acclamation. Selections of music were given during the evening. ~ Thb Tbbowib Railway. — We quote the following from the Burn Record of October 8 :— ' The work ot platelaying is being actively pressed on, and by the end of the present week it is expected that the rails will be laid to Terowie. There will then be the ballasting to do and some other arrangements to complete, and the line will probably be ready for opening by the beginning of November. The large engine- sheds are nearly finished, the over way- bridges at the passenger station are approaching completion, and Messrs. Sara & Dunstan expect to have the goods- sheds done in about three weeks. The way that the Government has acted in reference to the street-crossings in the township of Yaroowie is simply shameful, and we cannot understand what the people are about to suffer it. All the streets but one, aud that an out-of-the-way one, are closed by the line, and the members for the district should instantly be got to urge upon the Government the provision of at least two more crossing*, one of which should certainly be in a line with the Main Northern and North- Eastern road. This is simply justice to those who have bought the township allotments from the Government, and it must be had.' t3' BASSKB & BOSS' JSCCALYFTI EXTRACT. — Under the distinguished patronage of Hit Majecty the King of Italj. Dr. Croikxhank, Health Officer, City of Sandhurst, certifies to the extract being the most reliable remedy for infijunmation, bronchitis, diphtheria, affections of the lungs, coest, pains of rheumatic nature, neuralgia, nrellicgs, braises, sprains, wounds, disorder* ot the bowels, diarrhea. The Extract effected, according to reports of colonial newspapers, cures of dysentery, whooping cough, severe colds, croup, inflamed eyes, injured feet, bad S legs, wound on an arm with enormous swelling, ! sprained ankis (Brown), in which case eight months' j medical advice ni of no aviiL Epitome ot declira- i tion made before — Cohen, Esq.. J.P., at Sandhurst, J October, IS77 : — After nice weeks' medical treatment, I Dr. Kacgfllivray declared amputation of Saabe's leg j imperative. The Extract effected speedy curs without ? amputation. Miss Songham. suffering from disease - of the bene, as pronounced by Drs. Atkinson and : Bojd, jurt as speedily cured. The Extract inwardly \ t.v.i regulates the action of tha kidneys, and pro- j Tents contagion in scarlet, typhoid, and Intermittent ferer. Special Wholesale Agents— Messrs. A. M. Bickford 4 Sons, Adelaide. EeUil by all principal Chemists and Messrs Gerke & Bodeminn. Sasbib and Sots, Sole Manufacturers of thaJBucalyptni Extract Sandhurst, November. 1878. ISithse j 