Tee South Australian Parliament is drifting towards the rapids into which the Victorian legislature has been plunged for some time. Hon. members may fail to see their perilous position, but noliticians outside can take in the situation. The Electoral Districts Bill will be the bone of contention be tween the Council and the - House of Assembly. ?*? It not onl}' will be, but a hostile fron t . iiash already been sbowu, and. we ; think it will he sufficiently -formidable' to secure the overthrow of the uj'easurel ; We have already ?ex- pressed an opinion on the Bill in, ques- tion, and opposed it because- we failed to see that the country would at pre sent be benefitted;,l)jr it, and because its consideration would produce anta gonistic feelings between the two branches of the legislature and cause the session to fee. a barren one. W.Q are not insensible to the ' fact that .the North is not fairly; represented, but It would be impossible to properly divide the electoral districts this session so as1 to do justice to each. The boundaries, as defined in the Bill, are not satisfac tory. That is admjfted, and objections are met with the reply^ (that the Bill is only intended to meet the exigencies of the presentj aud ;that a more fully matured Bill would be introduced on the assembling, of the new. Parliament. That seems feasible enough from one point of view. Had it been the desire of both Houses .to pass such a measure perhaps no harm would have been dbne^tborigli the real ^bod' would not have been much, Such, however is not the case, for the Council is opposed to it. The Upper . House will make amendments which will alter the com plexion of the Bill, and which will' doubtless be objected to by the House of Assembly. Amendments have iieen proposed in the Council, and Sir H. Ayers contends that if there is to be an increase of members in the As sembly, it is but just that there should be a proportionate increase in the Council,. The title of the Bill and the preamble are sufficiently comprehensive to admit of an increase of members in the Council, though no doubt it was intended by the Government that the increase should only extend to the Assembly. The title reads thus — ' A Bill for an Act to. define the Electoral Districts for the election of Members to serve in Parliament.' The Bill vrovides that the House of AssembJr shall consist of 52 members, and the province shall be divided into 26 elec toral districts, and as each will have two representatives there will be an increase of six members in the Assem bly. Sir Henry Ayers contends that the Bill alters the Constitution, inas much as it seeks to rearrange the Par liamentary districts, to redistribute the members who represent the various districts, and to increase the number of members. He therefore holds that it is competent for the Council while considering the Bill to deal with the cumber of members for its branch of lie legislature. When the Constitution Act was first framed the House of Assembly had 36 members, and the Legislative Council just half that number. Since then- the people's House, has had an increase of 10 members, and^now that the Bill seeks to add six more it is not surpris ing that several members of the Council should endorse Sir H. Ayer's opinion that a proportionate increase should be made ia the Upper House. The Go vernment will oppose an increase of members in the Council until the Con stitution is altered so as to make the Upper House more amenable to the people. It is easily therefore to per ceive that. the members of the Council hostile to- the Government will oppose the Bill as it .is. It is equally certain that the Assembly 'will' not agree to the. amendments'. ' We fear that the Electoral Bill-is likely to .prove a party question, and hence' it will lead to a waste of time;. The members of the Council are fully convinced that the North is not fairly represented, and1 they are as aaxious as the House; of Assembly to Jiave a .redistribution of thevdistricts. The Council, however, is 'desirous' of 'having it done at the proper, time, and of having Constitu tional, reform to the extent sought by the country at the same time. A census of the colony will be taken suoruy, wuen me legislature wouio.De in a position to perfect the Bill. The attempt to do so now is likely to prove a failure, and also to break up the har mony that has hitherto existed between the Upper and Lower Houses. The Bill is certainly an alteration of the Constitution, and the Council has a right to amend it. That is where the hitch comes in, for it is very certain that the Assembly will not adopt the amended Bill in that form. The only hope , of the Bill being carried rests with the Council. Hon. membeVswill have to forego their right to an in crease of members in the Upper House and tamely submit to an increase in the Assembly. For the sake of justice being done to the electoral districts some members may be disposed to go with the Government, but it is doubt ful whether a majority will be secured. Had the Bill been worded so as to con fine its operations to the Assembly the matter would have been different ; but it is . for ' the election of members to serve in Parliament,' and thus em braces both Houses. The differences t.n whiiSh wfl hnvA rp.fnrrf.ii as lilf*-lv t.n arise between the two branches of the. legislature show that weneeda thorough reform of the.Constitntion, and not an attempt at patchwork* Oiiime in its various forms appears to keep pace with' the increase of population iu the colonies. ; South ' Australia was cunipiira tively exempt from evil doing of a gi«riii^ character, but is no longer so. No doubt, owing to 'the want of strict inquiry as to character on the part of emigration agents? a number of unprincipled persons have had free passages to the colony. To allow the addition of such characters to the population at the expense of the State is certainly a short-sighted policy. Whether male or female, they are useless as regards supplying the labor market. They will not work, and their influence upon others with whom they come iu contact is positively injurious. We are aware that persons of doubtful character are ? finding -their way from .the other colonies here, end that class being augmented in various ways accounts for:the increase of crime in our midst. The police force is: .not sufficiently strong.; to check this growing evil, and the criminal classes, will be'able to pursue . their ; wicked course with impunity. Only a small pro portion of the evildoers are brought to jus tice. Jleceivers,of stolen property, and! ac complices in other ways, escape detection^ An augmentation;! pf 'the^ pojice 'force is highly necessary if it is intended to lessen /tnnm ' THirt *i»rini^nol /*1occola a)imil/1 Via on thoroughly ? watched as to prevent 'them pursuiug their evil ways ^without being, de tected. Lafrikinism is also on the increase. Property is destroyed, and persons frightened and assaulted;. -and such things are done with impunity, the actors being seldom de tected. Education is advocated by some as the effectual antidote, and they imagine that vice would disappear as the people became better instructed. We also say educate: the masses, but we know that the crinnnals and rogues are' not. all ignorant. Many of them have received. *a .good education, and by that means they jam better able to defraud unsuspecting persons. ' ? ? There are i persons moving in respectable society1 who exert an influence for evil. They are fond of gambling, aud the young aad unsuspecting are led astray by their example.* It is owing to gambling that so many young men of promise have had their prospects blasted and their reputation 'tar- nished. Gambling is ruining many of our promising coloTiial youths, and steps should be taken to suppress the evil. Unsuspecting persons are drawn into the snare, and they fail to realise -their position until they be come hopelessly involved, when they some times adont reckless means to extricate themselves. This is a matter that should be carefully considered by the legislature of this colony. Larrikinism is extending to the country towns, aud it should be put down. Many young persons fail to see much barm in it, and perhaps they have no iuten tion of doing anything really bad ; but they ;o on step by step from bad to worse till they become a positive nuisance to society. There is need of increased police protection in Clare, for the larrikins are doing consi derable mischief. The distribution of pro perty is. such as to demand more effective remedial means being brought into action. School Board. — It is notified in the Gazette of July 1 that Mr. G. F. Claridge, J.P., has been appointed a member of the Board of' Advice for the school district of Broughton. Resignations. — The following gentle men have tendered their resignations as Justices^ of the Peace : — Messrs. W. R. TotbiU, of Port Pirie ; J.^ Warwick, of Hallett ; T. Naughton, of Merritou ; and W. T. Phiilis, of Snowtown.'1 Aububn Fo.otball.Club., — A meeting of . the Auburn PootbaU f: Club- was held at the District' Hotel, on Friday, the 2nd inst., when , the following propositions wer£ carried ;— That Messrs. W. Ashton and T. Gastonbury be Committeemen ; that Mr. ,W. .Ashton be practice-captain ;*and t!u& 'lif. T. Glastpn bury be Vice-Captain. Mr. T. Lamoert resigned. - I Mr^^G* ^eld, was appointed secretary vice T. Lambert.' It was resolved to play the return match with Rivertotf on Saturday, the^ ISSfK in6t: \ ;,. f; ;_ ? .^ tJ Stanley Egad CiiossrNG. — We have had our attention directed to the dangerous crossing over tue'&utt; River on the Stanley Flat road, and we would respectfully call the attention of the Road Board to it. We refer to the furthest crossing at the turning of the road ' leading to Bungaree aud Rochester. During the winter months there is always a large volume of water at that crossing, and iu wet weather it is fre quently impassable. It is time that a bridge was constructed there, for on more than one occasion life has been nearly sacrificed' in the attempt to cross. We believe that about £2,000 contingent money is avail able by the Board, and it is to be hoped that a portion of the amount will be devoted to the construction of a bridge at the above mentioned place. ': Road Contractors. — On looking over the names of the tenderers for the various contracts under the North Midland Road Board we find that Mr. Fryar has only tendered once, since ^Mr,' Cuffy was ap-, pointed Superintending-Surveyor under the Board. He makes it look, very different in his' letter, which appeared in our last issue. .- He states that there have been but few works advertised -near -Glare forilhe last three years but what he has tendered for. If so he has not done so in his own name. Ws think Mr. Fryar has no cause to com plain, as' lie haB been^aid about £400 jduriug the past _12 ppnths ~foi ; day work with his teams under the' Board. J For |his two horses he was-paia.lGs a day, end with .four horses rolling, &c;, he received from $2s to 35s per day. ' ; ' -Railway ? Traffic.— -The following is a summary of traffic on South Australian rail ways 'for the week ending June -19:— Port line — Passengers, £652 2s Id; goods, £355 3s 6d. North line — Passengers, £?1 ,206 13s 7d ; goods, £2,583 $s 9d. Port Wakefield, Kadina; Blyth, and Snowtown ; line— Passengers, £206;Os 10d ; goods; £&31 1 7s 2d. Port Pirie and: J amestown line — Passengers, £96 12s 4d; goods, £1,045 Os lid. Port Broughton and Barunga liufe — Passengers, £1 Us lid; goods, £61 10s;2d. Port Augusta and Government Gums — Pas-: sengers, £38 ; coodsj £132 10s. j Chess.— The first three games in Mr. Hill's touanament were played on Thursday evening, last, and resulted. as follows':— . Rev/ R. H. Webb ('receiving queen's rojok) beat Mr. A. W. Hill; ^r.'Li- jVictor^en (both knights) beat Mr. jSe.ddie^ (queen's bishop); Mr. H. H. -Tiibrook (qupfen's knight) beat -Mr; Bishop (king's rook). The game between Messrs. 'Leicester ( (receiving both rooks) and Mr. Williams ('both knights) which was.to . have- JBe#n played the same eveninfg, bat Which' played tiy 'permission, previously, resnlted in' a draw. .Neither Mr. Hill nor Mr. Reddie played in anything like' their usual style «n Thursday, and will pro bably -be heard pf ?/t6's-bbt&» advantage1 in subsequent games. ' . .,, .., \, . Staple Produce Returns.— The. re- turns of the, staple* 'produce of the colony, exported during the wefekendirigSaturday, June 26, give a total value of £34,433. | Produce Exports. — During the week ending Saturday, - June '26, the total quantity of flour exported 'was -808 'tons ; wheat, 77,570 bushels' ; bran, i38 tons.' - ? ? '?' :' ' | - ; Passenger Returns.— The :. passenger returns at Port Adelaide for the week end ing, Saturday, June 26, give a total of 253 inwards, and 183 outwards. Gardening for JuLY.-Kitchen Garden TT-The .ground being cojd^ and wet vege table growth is slow, and only .such . plants as are well established. can make headway. To plant or sow in cold stiff ground this month would not reward the grower. Sow ings of peas, beans, or carrots should there-.: fore be made iu light rich soil, and in a warm situation. The crop9- that are , ad vanced should be hoed between the rows when the surface is dry. Earth » cabbage and cauliflower and remove all decayed leaves. Force rhubarb and eeakale by, keep-, ing up a moderate heat. This can be done' by fresh application of stable manure. Keep down slugs, as they will r prove, very, de structive to young plants. Flower Garden — Dig the flower bonders and arrange bulbous plants, if not previously attended to. If pelargoniumns and other half-hardy plants hare not been previously pruned they should not be touched this month, as the cold and frost would probably kill. them. Continue to plant out hardy iflowersjnnd shrubs,- and thin -ud shape such as are not. in bloom. The principal work will consist in protecting plants and keeping the ground erf ectly dean. Stake fragile plants and regulate creepers. Fruit Garden— Push forward the pruning, as the work should be completed this month. If vines are not at tended to early they will bleed in spring and weaken the plant. All prunings smd suckers should be removed aud the ground forked over. A top dressing of well-rotted compost would prove beneficiul to the orchard. Inferior trees should be cut back aud engrafted at the proper season. Plkuro-Pneusionia. — It is feared that pleuro is spreading in this district. Mrs. Jeffray, a dairy woman in Clare, has a cow which has been ailing for a few days, and as it was supposed to be suffering from the above disease Mr. Valentine, of Adelaide, Stock Inspector,- was communicated with. He instructed Mr. Gieeson to examine the beast. That gentleman did so on Saturday, when he pronounced it to be a. case of pleuro, and instructed the police : to have it shot. .The troopers, howevdr, did not ciire to destroy the animal bn Mr. Gleeson's au thority, and waited for instructions from head- quarters; but as, no further orders have been received the^ animal -isBtill alive, and. somepers^s^iio^iSfeti'tor^AS'e » know ledge of' the ailments of' cattle think that .the cow in question, may . yet . recover. It would have been more satisfactory had an 'Inspector* examined the ' beast, for if it is .sufferiii£;froni pleuro -the sooner it ia killed the better. ( [Since writing the 'above the cow.has been1 shotv. and. Mr! Gieeson has brought a portion of the lungs to our office, where persons interested may see that the disease was ple.uro.1 ' Adelaide Punch.'— This illustrated comic paper has been enlarged and greatly improved. Puncli has been very happy in his choice of a motto— ' When you see a ueau mi u. - x uat oia gnost again' is the appropriate designation given to one of the cartoons. It represen ts Mr. Sees exhibiting the new Parliament houses in ghost form to the great annoyance of the Treasurer. The Speaker lends Mr. Rees a hand and counsels him not to be frightened. The four candidates f or theLegielative Council are not only advertised but a faithful portrait of each is given. The reading matter is humorous but not vulgar. It is a capital comic paper, and is destined to be largely patronised. Football.— On Saturday last a match was played on the Clare practice grounds between the 'manual workers' and the 'quilldrivers,' comprising the members of the local football ^teami ' The sides were equally arranged, but owing to the absence of several players the fbrnier team musteired somewhat in rexcess of the latter, the result being that the ' quilldrivers' were i over powered . throughout the game. The ball was started shortly after 3 o'clock, and.play continued until 5, when the following ^ras the result— 'Manual workers,' 5 gotya; ',quilldriTers,'2. For the winners Morti mer and JRuciak showed best form^ while Leicester and1 Scott did most service for the losers. The. match against the Burras is definitely fixed for August 6. : ' Infant Mortality.— This is a subject thaf has' been Very ably treated by Dr. S, J. Magarey, hon. medical officer to. the Ade laide Children's Hospital. ? That gentleman ! read a ;paper at tLe Adelaide City .Mission 'Hall on Ju^y .^ last on 'The Fatal Diseases of Infancy, and 'Childhood.'7 ' The paper has been printed in, pamphlet ;forin, a copy of which has been ? forwarded to us. The doctor states1 that during the last seven jears there were 58,'259 infants bprn in this province, and of this number no less than 8,775 died before they reached the age of 12 months. He is of opinion that the ques tion has not beea sufficiently studied by medical men. He, attributes the excessive infantile mortality: to our climate, especially to the hot' air of -our Australian summer. He aho states that intemperance in 'parents produces unhealthy constitutions in child ren, and consequently helps to swell the death list. 'Heads of families would do well to procure the little work, for it contains a deal 9fiValuable information- , ; ' Cable News. — London telegrams in .the Adelaide daili,es' state that the' wool arrivals to. date amount to 270,000. bales';, Jtheitotal probable arrivals are estimated at 330,000 bales; Best ; Adelaide wheat;, per 496 lbs. exTvarehouseyis quoted at firom 47s to 48s! Popper 'w unciiaDged.^-^.t Newryi County Down,' yesterday (July' 1), several of ;the Ia1}4ibrd8,iaccpmpauied by the police, evicted aome of their tenants for non- payment o£ rent. A serious riot -took place in\ conse quence, wijich the police had the greatest difficulty in quelling. . Several of the rioters were arresbed. — The. latest news from the west of ; Ireland states that great distress continued to 'prevail iu County Sligb, laud notwithstanding that every effort is being made to relieve the population a spirit of dissatisfaction is spreading, and within the last few days several agrarian outrages of an aggravated character have occurred, wmch are causing considerable alarm. The police are actively engaged in making in quiries, but have as yet failed to arrest the perpetrators. — The convention of the Fenian Society, which it Was arranged some time since should be held in Philadelphia, for. the purpose of considering the best means of organising a revolutionary movement in Ireland for the purpose of overthrowing the union between that ' country and Great Britain, has begun its sittings. : As Others See Us.— We clip the fol lowing from the Sporting Gazette of last Saturday. Evidently our football corres pondent and the Advertiser ditto are not so far short of. the mark or.out ia their opinions as the Burra scribe would have his readers, believe ; at least not according to the judg ment of the Adelaide cognoscenti :— '!The Clare team of kickers 6eem to be the best out of the City judging by the one con tinuous record of victories sent to me. The Clares 'put the . Auburns through properly last Saturday by three goals And eight bebinds to four belauds. Go in country friends.' The Kklly Gakg.— We have beeu shown by Mr. Jas. Silver a number of por traits of the Kelly gang, and of the places of their encounters with the police. He in forms us that they are on view at his shop. Madame Sibly.— The fam-5 of this talented lady is becoming known, and there .' is iu consequence a rush every night to her entertainments. Her skill as a phrenologist is undisputed, and a large number of adults, - also children, have had their heads felt and their characters faithfully given. Ofi each evening a number of persons have beeu brought under mesmeric influence, and Madame Sibly is admitted to be a ' won derful womau.' She will continue her en- JB tertainuients in the Town Hall on Wednes day aud Thursday evenings. On the former, ^ by the special request of . a uumber of ^ parents, Madame will read the heads of children; but this will form only a part of the programme. . We have uo doubt that the attendance will be'iarge. ????' f Lost Watch.— Madauie Sibly's little child threw a gold watch over the balcony of' Mr. Gray's Northern Hotels Clare, on the 4th inst,, but it. was picked up by some passer-by. It will be seen by advertisement that the lady is desirous of recovering it. ' Stallion-Show Booth. — On Monday Mr. Gieeson offered for sale a publican's booth for the sale of liquors on the show ground ou Thursday next, but he did not get a bid. The publicans alleged that they were too busy to attend to anything outside ' of their hotels. They must be doing a fine thing in Clare — in fact, coining money. 