©lie fjairifs' Coutl . 7 BY A' LADY COXTIlIBtJTOE, \- THE exhibits in the Ladies' Court are arranged with much taste,'and many stands of bnlliant-hued flowers ? are displayed. A large patchwork quilt hangs on the wall at the first landing; in the centre of it are worked the flags of every nation, and the colours are so well chosen and contrasted that it makes a most effective appearance. Facing the staircase is a very large stand, filled with numerous exhibits, all made of the pith of rushes, of the kind that grow around Mordi alloc and Cheltenham; the baskets, flowers, wreaths, ,etc., look just as if formed from mac caroni, and are as light as feathers. The lady who designed them told me that the idea of so using the pith is entirely her own, and that a great number of these exhibits have been done some nine years. They have,' however, kept their creamy, white tint very well, and look perfectly fresh. I think the clever inventor will be almost certaiu to receive many orders for fancy baskets and other trifles of ' that nature as soon as her case receives the atten tion it so well deserves. As I looked at it, I could not help picturing some of the former filled with bright-hued, fragrant blossoms, and thinking how pretty they would bel On either side of this stand are several other smaller ones, containing respectively sea-weeds and shells, worsted-work, point-lace, and satins embroidered in floss silks. On entering the court, my attention was at once drawn to a very beautiful group of white and purple rhododendrons painted on white velvet; the flowers look so natural that it is difficult not to believe that they are real. Mrs". R. Shann, tlie lady who has executed them, mentions, in a notice placed beneath the work, that they are done by some process peculiarly her own, but that she will gladly inform anyone who is desirous of knowing more on the subject. The kind offer will, I doubt not, meet with many a response, for it is an exhibit that is sure to meet with much admira tion. . Opposite to the rhododendrons are two cases, one containing a variety of richly plumaged birds, and the other a bouquet and a cross.* The.<latter has the word < '/-Veneror " engraven at the foot of it, and is entwined with ivy-leaves andpasaion-flowers.made of wax and floss-Bilk; Miss A. Barker is the owner of this stand. Beside it stands one 1 admire greatly, though its contents are very fragile, being formed of egg- shells - those of geese, I think, from their size and colour. They are . all painted with different designs, mostly "of a quaint Japanese Btyle, and fashioned into egg-cups, small cream-jugs and teapots, the two latter having handles and lips made of some gilded composi tion. A great deal of care and patience must have been expended on them, and the result must be most satisfactory to the lady whose talents have produced so very charming and uncommon an exhibit. The name of Mrs. Seekamp is, I think, on the label attached to it. ^Several of the stands have been already on view at the Juvenile Exhibition, and have the gold and silver medals gained at it placed in prominent positions. Amongst them is a very handsome crimson satin cushion, with gold coloured cord and tassels, the satia being covered with fine point-laoe, which is admirably set-off by the vivid hue beneath it. The work is done by Miss Finlay. Almost at the entrance of the court stands a very large case; in it are placed, some of the most exquisitely-made flowers I have ever seen. At two of the corners are fuchsias in pots-one a deep crimson with purple centre, the other a double white and pink. One remarkable feature in these artificial plants is that the green leaves, instead of being, as is so generally done, simply bought and mounted, are all made by Miss Doherty in wax. The effect is most natural and life-like; indeed, I think, if they could be seen anywhere else, most observers would believe them to be real flowers. The same remark can be made of the sprays of mignonette that stand beside them. There is also a lovely bridal bouquet made by the same lady, the English snowdrops and white heath contained in it being especially true to nature. A curious exhibit is placed near this case, on the left side of the court; it consists of cross,' bracelets, ear-rings, and smoking-cap made of melon-seeds, interspersed with steel beads; they look exceedingly well, and, but for the notice that they are composed of " the Beeds of the rock-melon," the general impression, I think, is rather that the various articles are of some Indian or Chinese manufacture.' On the walls are hung a variety of exhibits, including leather-work, seaweed "and shells, feather flowers and patchwork quilts; there are three of the latter, but only one that I admire. It is placed in the centre, and its bright, well-contrasted shades make a pretty feature as visitors pass up the left side. The one arranged on the right.of the quilt just mentioned has a curious history, attaching to it,.'and though not very pretty, is evidently greatly valued by its owner, whose name I did not learn, £40 being the amount asked for it. Some of the patchwork has an extremely faded look, which, however, is onljr to be expected, as the different squares composing it have all for-. ? merly belonged to dresses worn by the late Queen Adelaide, the Duchess of Kent, and our own dearly-loved Sovereign, respectively." I was told that the lady who exhibited it had been at one .time maid-of-honour to her Majesty, and, during that period, obtained, the. various aflks/satins, and velvets of which ifc -is cbm piJSfed from cfae of thb court dressnu&ers.; Nearly in front of it is placed a very lovely cross," mado of. alum, and -wreathed with scarlet and white passion - flowers. The sacredness. that belongs to the emblem of our salvation seems to. .render perfect simplicity aii actual necessity, and _ the cross to which I am alluding possesses it in a high degree. It is very large, and of a much' greater ?width than is usually seen, thereby showing admirably the pure white, glistening material of which it is composed. The con trast between the massive, roclc-lilce, snowy cross and thedelicate, vivid-hued flowers rest ing so gracefully upon it is beautiful, and cannot fail, I think, to gain Mrs. Laing, who ex hibits it, much praise. A triumph of art is seen in a wreathof flowers made of human hair. The shading of the various, brown and golden tints is most artistic,; but I do not think it is a pleasing exhibit-rit reminds me so much of a muff composed of the samo materials which I saw some, years ago in the Kensington Loan Gallery in London, arid which i3 indelibly fixed in my memory by'reason of a quaint remark concerning it made by the late Charles Dickens, who was standiugrbeside me at the time. The wreath is made by Mrs. De Grandi. Almost the prettiest article in the. court, is, I think, a table of oblong form, with an'extremely" pretty patterri'of fern fronds worked upon it. The tints'are all those'sedn in the autumnal season, and a "peculiarly soft,1 golden hue .is thrown over them, giving the effect of suulight resting there. Mhe work has evidently been a " labour of love," giving the feeling.-that, whoever has done it, really enjoyed .the . pleasant task of reproducing, in such.lovely forms, some of the fairest, though, most fragile, of nature's floral treasures. X could not learn the name of the lady who lias.sent it. .One small exhibit, will hangs on' the right'side of the court, that doubtless, excite, much interest in - the visitors attending this' our great -""World's Show," especially to those who claim La bells France as-their home. 'It. appeared to me strangely out of place until I learnt its pathetic. history. Surrounded on. all sides by bright-hued flowers, gaily-tinted shells and sea-weeds, the thin, faded piece "(if: red and. white calico has an. alniost^ludicrou's ,aspect, but the smile excited by It fades away as the vision of a far off; lonely, death-bed -risesi up, and the gazer realises that that poor,1vfrail fabric has once formed a part of what1 rested on Napoleon Bonaparte in his last moments. 'How elo quently it seems to -speak of the changing vicissitudes of life, telling, as it does, by its own mute testimony, that he, who so very name had once had power, to make mighty nations tremble, should at last ? have died, so. bereft of all. earthly grandeur and pomp, as to have laid beneath a maferial so poor and common that scarcely one of those soldiers who so loved. Le petit Corporal would have cared to use it. Little as I had- ever admired or liked 1 the character of the first Napoleon, I could not but pity him as I looked oh that memento of the sad ending of his comparatively, short though; ambitions life.- It was brought from St. Helena ?by Miss Beale, who is also said to have been fortunate enough to rear one of the numerous slips she cut. from the willows growing around the exile's grave.' Close by this exhibit are! four 'others sent by Mrs. Henry, the wife of: one of the warders belonging to the Melbourne^ Gaol; they consist of'flowers cut from coloured! paper, some of them being so excessively bmall as to resemble minute specimens of inosiac HON. W. .J.- CLARKE, M.L.C. work.'- The likenesaf&owever;, to each natural blossom-iswonderfully'distinct. i It seems almost .incredible that; human .fingers can have : so arranged . tiny pieces of paper so as to v form so successful a whole; H; patience" and skill avail in winning a prize, Mrs. Henry ought certainly to gain one. There Are two stands of skeleton-leaves; one contains a bouquet of pure white, which is very lovely, and arranged with great taste. I do not know the name of the sender, but I feel: sure it is a case that will be much admired J by. the numerous visitors to the court; it looks so pure and simple in its fragile loveliness. Speaking for myself, I know that my gaze, somewhat weary from examining thebright-hued objects around, returned again, and again to rest on the delicate, transparent leaves and sprays. The other belongs to Mrs. Llewellyn, and is called " a phantom bouquet." : It is tinted with' atingeof the very 'palest blue, and scattered here and there are a few holly-berries, glitter ing amongst the transparent leaves, and heightening-the effect- by their., own vivid colouring. I did not, at; first, admire it very much, but gradually the meaning of the words "a phantom bouquet" became clear to.me. As I looked at it, the blue tinge seemed to resemble the light mist that is so often seen in England just as the sun is beginning to sink on an autumn afternoon; and memory brought before me many a fair home-scene, where the' almost leafless hedges-wreathed in pale-blue mist, that would_ ere many hours had passed, have deepened into a thick, Leavy fog, and brightened by.:the scarlet hips and haws appeared in very, truth, like " phantoms" of their own selves when clad in all the glory of their summer beauty. The' loveliness of this bouquet cannot, I think, be fully understood by a casual glance, and will need several visits to be really appreciated. Abetter effect could, in iny opinion, be obtained by a white base replacing the blue one which now holds the leaves, but, of course, any alteration is impos sible now the Exhibition is.once opened-. A good many specimens of leather-work are on view, the handsomest being a table holding an epergne filled with well-executed wax flowers. On the opposite side of the court is another epergne of an; extremely pretty form-small glass baskets of a light, slender shape hang' from the side3, and the whole of it is tastefully arranged with very natural-looking blossoms made in the same' material as those just men tioned. Not far from , it stands a case with a collection of fruit of all kinds, that are remark-* ably true to nature; some of the pears seem of an unusually large size, but that is the only ex ception that can be taken to this exhibit. At thelurther end of the court hangs ah ornament for.the mantel- piece, composed of silk Of the. favourite shade of old-gold so much in vogue just now; it is-adorned with paintings of flowers done in oils.' A deeper shade of ? silk would, I think, show them off to much greater advantage. ? -i Mrs. Gamone, of Footscray, exhibits a stand of flowers, admirably carved from the cuttle-fish; they are very effective, and of a pure white which enhances their beauty. .A, curious-look ing blossom attracts much attention, it is made in white wool and bears the singular name of "Holy .Ghost flow;er ." : just in front of the vase which holds it, is another one containing a large bouquet composed "of the same material with a small plant' named -" the moving plant of India," a title given on account of some peculiar movement of the leaves 'which f continue in agitation day and night. I 1 never saw hotter -wool. flowers, and they nearly all done from memory. A stand sent by ] Mrs. Hatow-to whom also belong some of the £ seaweeds and pressed ferns already mentioned "J -is termed Neptune's Car, and intended to ' represent two scenes of ocean life; the upper . one showing tho sea-king seated on a nautilus { shell, drawn by three sea- horses abreast, with '? branches of white coral surrounding him. The 1 sea is very well imitated; the lower scene is a t coral cave, fringed with various seaweeds, the : flooring composed of sand strewn with different j kinds of shells, small pebbles, and sprays of j seaweed. In the centre are seated two mer- ( maids, and behind a branch of white coral £ appears another sea-horse. Tho idea is an f excessively pretty one, and very well carried out with the exception of the three figures, which aro too unmistakoably like dolls. Some 1 emu eggs, mounted on vases of leather-work in < different stages, natural, varnished and bronzed, « nre much admired. Tho eggs are worked with 1 some designs, apparently Chinese, and the ? vases carved with, ferns, kangaroo and emu. ] The three exhibits will form a charming ( gift for any person desirous of sending one to the old country. A case, which interests me ] very much, is filled with several of the Austra- , lian wild-flowers, made in wax, and forwarded by two sisters-Miss Eva aud Florence Peebles. Amongst them are two kinds of . wattles, so ' natural in their appearance that it is really difficult to refrain from bending down to inhale the exquisite perfume belonging to the tree; . a large spray of the beautiful desert-pea, aud < a branch of a most gorgeously-hued flower, i labelled the "Tasmanian Waratah," whose ( colour is of a deep, brilliant crimson. I regret very much that these young ladies did not isend in some more of their admirable' imita tions. of our wild blossoms, as many, whose avocations do not allow . of any lengthened visit to the country, can have bnt little idea of the vivid colouring and exquisite beauty with which our Master has in so many places " clothed the grass of the field." In the stand I have already describod as con taining the exhibits made from tho pith of rushes, is a very beautiful text, that will, I trust, preach its own loving, though silent sermon to the crowds passing up and down the stair-case facing it": "Be not weary in well E. A. C. 