ALPHONSUS LIGUORI. -no. vi. Persons who have gone to call upon their friends and j have been answered at the cloor, by servants, ' Not at home, sir," have often felt annoyed, and have turned away in disgust, with a perfect -assurance thatfthe servant was telling -a ' lie. . Many alady has gone a distance to call upon a lady who has professed great friendship for hoi', ("Come1 and sea nie ;' do come ; I shall be glad to see you ; do come and spend' the day with me ;" -but when- the invited one is approaching the house the lady at home sees her from the window ; and, consider ing her a " bore," calls the servant and tells her to say to the visitor at the door — " Not at home, mam ;"— many a lady thus- served, we say, has turned away with annoyance and shame, saying, " I am sure the servant was telling a. lie." Perhaps it will help to soften the angry passions of such a disappointed lady, if we tell her that the Blessed Liguori did not think, such deception wrong ; in fact, he excused both mistress and servant;. and considered5 that such deceivers might all be very good; Christians. . ; ' , „ "It is'askcd.whethcr 'a servant by-the order ed his master can deny tliat he is at home."' Some doctors are quoted who admit feigning and mental reservation as justifiable, but Liguori states :. tho - tli ing ' far more -explicitly :: '"I would.concedq that. he. can say.f Ho is not here,', that i3" to'sa'y, ' He 'is 'not at tliis f door,., ;or window;' ' he -is nob ';hero !</(a< he" may be- seen.' " " Or the ser, vant,. is .told,, that, .he,, can... 5say," ' the master lias departed from the house,' understanding ' a departure; .which took /place; last year ; "for/' it is explained,," wo are not .bound to answer- according to tho mind-of him; .who ask's/if there ho aijust. cause." And, again, the_ servant is-; told that he is' quite light in- saying, if. his ; master has gone to bed, that his master hus'igone' out: mcauing„-that " he has- removed from society, !os, according to tlie usual mode of speaking this' is.alLthati is meant ! !" ; So all ladies! and gentlemen who call upon their friends ; and are .denied admis sion with the polite — Not at home " will hericefo.ijih understand, -that, if the servanb is telling lies, and simply /mocking". ihem at the door, tlie servant' has "tlie" counten ance and advice of a'Popish blessed- Saint,1: whom the Pope-' regards . -as especially'.' qualified ,to, teach '' tlie faithful " and' the whole world the true principles of pure- morality ! We hope "this will comfort them, when thoy / feelv.assured-.that they have taken:; a . journey . for . less -than nothing, Again, gentlemen Avho haye given years 'of . their . life to study, anil who have worked to gain academical degrees by examination, are sometimes annoyed and disgusted when-' they see quacks; who have not studied; wearing' the same degrees ' as themselves/ These " bogus degrees " are easily got ; they' cost a few pounds ; "and some even assume them without having paid for them.: - They go about with! lies on their back, and Jliey ' assume to he- somebody when in flic t /they are nobody. ' They impose' upon the public and profit by their falsehoods;, but, gentlemen who ate1' j ustly disgusted; at such literhry impostors, .may ease their bitterness when, they know that the Blessed Liguori does not regard them as pcrj urers or liars. He has pro vided a soft bed- for them on ' which they may fall, and he .evidently, in charity, regards : them as very good , Christians, even although they have so far deceived the public. "It is inquired whether he who is about to assume the doctor's degree can swear— with equivocatijn,- tlie;requisite- condition not being true, that he has, been/devoted for so many years to that science, , if such be as fit as other doctors." A great teacher is quoted who holds that such swearing would be allowable-; but the blessed Liguori says " It appears sufficiently probable to. me that those who take doctors degrees in Naples do not: perjure themselves who .iu the usual manner subscribe with their own hand'in receiving matriculation, "I swear, or swear with an oath, &c.;" when in fact that may not be. The reason is because the word "I. swear, or swear with an oath, is not of itself an " oath unless the interrogation concerning an oath : precedes it ; hut this .interrogation in Naples either altogether is Bob made, or is not made concerning a'triie oath, but only concerning that material subscription,; which; /according to . common use, appears not to.be taken as a true oath." So, oaths Ayliich become somewhat obso lete, or are made nothing of but as a mere matter of form, are not perjuries. A man may go on and take degaees with such false oaths. We recommend all lovers of "bogus degrees " to thank the Blessed Liguori. The question of fitness or unfit ness is- not now to be considered. The question is how can a degree be gob by a false oath ? Let him say that lie has been devoted to ' science for so 'many years, which may not be true, and then tlie. way will be clear, for such, "sny ing " is not ail oath, nob a truo oath./ What would bogus hunters do if they . knew how loving and considerate the /Blessed Liguori is ? The Pope considers him an undoubted teacher of good morals. Let the bogus hunters- therefore take heart ; lot them nob be dismayed by oaths ; for oaths are mere mattei'3 of form, and then it is not perjury to take full advantage of thern ! ; : Again, members of the English Church, have been rather discouraged because of the long lists of "converts" who have gone over from the Church of England to the true Church of Rome ; and they have wondered how it is. But here the blessed' Liguori fully explains it. ' ' Persons may subscribe with equivocation ; persons may swear with mental reservation.;, persons may make oaths with a secret under standing ; persons may write down subscrip tions to any number of articles ; and persons wh# have made oaths and made false subscrip- tiona may comfort themselves 'with' the the feel ing that. such baths, are not true 'oaths; but. . mere worthless matters of form. " So, .Papists at heart have gone to the colleges of the Church of ' England and .falsely "subscribed tliey have passed through their collegiate education falsely professing the thirty- nine articles ; and they have entered the ministry of the Protestant Church to help in the work of .Romanizing the Church and the nation, with a full dispensation, with a good con science, and with a determinate purpose to set aside all the oaths and subscriptions which they have made as mare matters of form. At certain times, when perhaps it is necessary, or when it is thought the effect will be greatest, those false sub scribers, those false minister's, become " converted that is, they throw off the false face which they have been wearing for years j and, as their conversion is a good deal made . of,, published in the papers, and proclaimed from -the house tops, the. result is. expected, and is some times realized. : that as the shepherd has :gone oyer to Pome, some of the Romanized sheep will go over after him. The blessed Liguori is the father and patron of all such liars and traitors. A large number of them have for years been engaged in attempting to corrupt and undermine tlie national Church of England. ' They have been eating the Protestant' bread " of the Church, while doing the work of the Pope of Pome. Poih'anists themselves, - at heart, from the beginning,' and counten anced by the morality of the blessed Liguori, they have spread .their poison to a .considerable extent. Their own ' going o ver to their own place,, and ' their dragging those over whom they have corrupted nnd perverted — this is the whole story of ' the " Peer uits to Pome," which is told . over and over again in all Papal 'churches and newspapers with gusto and rejoicing as if England were again returning to tlie " centre of unity." The trick lias suc ceeded too. well ; hut it' will fail as a means to drag the people of England to kiss. the Pope's toe. The blessed Liguori has received his reward ) and we would that every traitor in the Church of Eng land were swept out and 'made a 'present of — to the-Saint j but'tlie fieople of England can afford to >lose all such' limbs of Satan ; the Church will he pure and strong when all of them are gone. RejoiCO ! RbjOiCO !— TYb hope that our Pro testant friends throughout' the country will not forget that to-day (Thursday) is what is known in Popish almanacs . as "Maundy Thursday." It is the day on which' tlio Pope, in presence of his cardinals at Rome, "exorcises the spiritual sword of ecclesiastical discipline and wholesome weapons of justice . by tlio ministry of the supremo apostolato, to the glory of God and the salvation of souls." It is the day on' which the Pope, as God's vicegerent and the Vicar of Christ, tlie : Pope curses, .anethematiscs, and sends to ' perdition "all heretics of every name, every, condition, every sect, and every, name." We give here a few sentences from the cursings and anathemas which the Pope hurls against every Protestant in the world, every Protestant in this colony, even the mild and meek Mr. Meeks who has just given "his cheque for Papal education in such brutal ruffianism : The Pope stands forth, and, 'in the name of God, and with tlie authority of all the apostles, says: " Wo "excommunicate and anathematise, in the name of God Al mighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, ancl by tlio authority of the blessed apostles, Peter and Paul, and by our own,' all heretics, Hussites, Wickliffists, Lutherans, zfwingleists, Calvinists, Huguenots, and apostates from the. Christian faith, and all1 other heretics, by whatever name tliey. are called, and of whatever sect they may be, as also their adherents, mercies and favours, &c.;" How, what does all this hell, book, aiid candle denunciation imply ? It implies that the miserable old blasphemer,- Leo. XIII., like all his impotent predecessors , on this day yearly, presumes to send all Protestants, who refuse to submit- to his . iniscriptural authority, to tlie depths of perdition. The miserable man does what lie can to got them down to that dark ness. " What ho can," of course, is very little. No thanks to liira ! The iniserahio old blas phemer, curses and foams, and thinks lie docs a cliaritablo and righteous deed iu dooming all Protestants to everlasting damnation ; no thanks to him that the earth does not open its mouth and swallow them up. No thanks to him that the Protestants cursed to hell each year never go. The Protestants have reason to rejoice that the Papal thunder is harmless. But why is it harmless V Why are tlie Pope's curses so much sham Brummagem '! Lot tlie Protestants rejoice, for the lion has had liis teeth drawn and liis claws clipped. Let thorn rejoice, for his cursing is the roaring of a lion that has been put into a eae. Ho roars, lie shows his wide throat, he lashes his tail, aud lie threatens what lie would do if only ho had the power. He has even the audacity to lament that lie lias not the power. But he has been chained and put behind good iron bars. He is a curiosity which little boys may sec at the Exhibition at half- price. But let the Protestants rejoice. Maundy Thursday comes and goes without any perdition results. The Pope howls his curses and only blessings coine. Will our readers throughout the country fill up tlieir glasses, if only with gingerbecr, and drink a bumper of confnsion to all the wretches who wish the heretics harm ! Irish. Sedition- — The Government prides itself on being merciful to the Irish seclition- mongers. It threatens to strike, hut it docs not. It threatena to cast into prison, but it does "not strike. It threatens to be very awful in its anger ;' but it only makes the little hoys of the Home Ruling party laugh. They all say, " Oh, John Bull is a great blusterer. He swaggers aud swears ; hut he has a soft heart: and a plum- pudding head, especially to all Irish offenders, . whom he always wishes to conciliate, but never accomplishes what lie proposes to do ! Mr. Parnell has been laughing in his sleeve at the threats of the Government. He . has been stumping America and enjoying himself. He does not care two brass farthings ' for the dis pleasure of the Pope and his angry epistle to Cardinal M'Closkey for giving him countenance ; and now he has returned to Ireland more re solved than ever to counsel sedition. The latest concerning him is tho telegram which has just arrived, to the effect that Parnell has had a welcome from the Home Rule Irish which would have satisfied a conqueror ; and that Biggar, another sedition- monger of tho Home Rule breed, said in his speech of welcome, "that if tho Home Rule party did not got its demands, a Harlmann would be produced in Ireland with better effect than tho Hartmann who failed in his treasonable attempt to blow up the Winter Palace of the Russian Czar ! " Surely such atrocious language as this ought to bo regarded as enough to make an end of the Heme Rule trouble. No country in the world j would thus shelter the murderer iu intention who speaks, such language. . . Such , ruffians ought to be told to go to America aiid to stay there. If the country were cleared of them by ; a notice for them to quit, some ' good would be dono. They ought ' not to be imprisoned, and so have quarters provided for " them -at the country s expense. .- Let them get notice to-quit: within ten days,- and find passages attheir own expense. Villains' > who, thus < ontemplatea ."blowing, up with" effect "-ought to be exiled. They, are unworthy of' the shelter of the country .which .they dishonour.- and ---.betray;/'! -But will tho, English Government not still try cuddling'? Good, Bettor, Best.— Dr. . Yaughan, like all shopkeepers, has a variety, of articles .©f- the same kind, to meet all classes .of purchasers. Wo suppose that, the quality of; the material goes according to tho price. ; He keeps on his shelves, ' hermetically sealed, bottles of— no, not lavender: water — not rosemary— but Papal blessings! The- bottles are all corked and soaled lest the " efficacy," should' escape. -They are all labelled "good, better, best.". They, are uncorked be times ; as, for , example,, last Sunday, -when " his Grace was confirming a number of : little children at. Woollahra. - After .the little chil dren had- received the " seven gifts of the Holy Spirit," by concerted arrangement of the priest, ! six of the children, three- little girls aud three little' hoys, presented to " his Grace an address, , " thankiughim for tho spiritual, blcssiugs which they had reeeieved at hishaud this day;" aud then " his Grace " surprised and delighted, 'said that lie thanked the children,, very, much for their flowers find address, audadded that "he gave them his very best blaming and: hoped that they, would pass unscathed through tho world." '.How. beautiful is Popery,!. How' engaging to little children ! Tliey. were all:; prepared by confession and absolution by Fathers Hanrahan and Holohan— classic names— lor the great sac rament. Then tliey came dressed. in white,; the little girls done up in their "best. Then they were ranged in , church before tlie great Arch bishop, in full caupnicals. Then; tho children were all asked to kneel down and say after the Archbishop, "O Lord, make me a soldier all through life till death." Thou tlio Archbishop put his hands on their heads, slapped tliem on tho cheek, and. put -oil on their foreheads, aud gave ..them the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. Then the children were told that all their sins were forgiy.en, and- that; tliey were made the "children of. God," endowed with " wisdom; understanding, counsel, fortitude, .knowledge, piety, and the fear of tlie Lord." And tlieii "his Grace " told the children that they were' a solace to liim, and that lie could properly accept fin tlio presence of the blessed sacrament their flowers anil address," and then " liis Grace " told thom to kneel down again to say the pater noster, and the Ave Maria. ; How edifying and comforting is Popery ! . Its very lies are made artistic ancl pleasing. I t catclies -little children with the very kind ' of show of -which little children arc foiicl. What littlo girl does not like to get its white frock on ? . What little boy does not delight in getting On his best trousers and a rosette in liis button-bole ? .: Ancl then to get a slap on the cheek from the great Arch bishop, who is ;a .-..descendant of the great Sir Roger cl'Agincourt ! Does not the slap from so groat a man continue to thrill through tliem all the clay to " put tliem in mincl that tliey are strengthened?" And is there a little girl or boy in all Australia who does not feel proud and flattered when told- that tliey have got thb seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, " wisdom, under standing, counsel,- fortitude, knowledge, piety, and tlio fear of tho Lord ! " They may wonder indeed how it is that their fathers and mothers, who . wero all duly confirmed, have so littlo wisdom and knowledge and counsel, as they see with their own eyes, in spite oE the lioly oil aud the slap on tlio facc.: But tliey are piously for bidden to enquire into theso fearful mysteries ! Victory at tlio School of Art9.-Thoso who had carried tho resolution to open tho School of Arts on the Sunday, were in a terrible anger when they found last week that they were defeated by a majority of upwards of forty. The defeat was all tho more mortifying because all tho infidel lecturers in Sydney, lent tlieir aid. Mr. Charles Bright was there, ready to prove anything, and ready to prove that the beginning of the world never began. Then his French female friend, was there, who does not believe in the clergy, but who evidently knows nothing about tho clergy, unless what she learned from the padres of her own country. And beyond these "bright" advocates for no Sunday, or for a Sunday which would speedily result in no Sunday at all, there were what are called the "working men" who are always wishing to "improve their minds." They ral lied in force. They earns resolved ; but the other side had been working also, and the result is, that the obnoxious, resolution about opening the place on Sunday was rescinded by the vote. The "liberals" could not believe their eyes ; and now, therefore, threats of all sorts are being made that tho sub ject will again be agitated and submitted. Not only that, but it lias been said that the "clergy" have been drilling their people to. go dhd vote, and join to have a vote. We think that it will he found that other people besides the clergy know such tactics. But if suoh " liberals " as Bright and Tyorman may infiu; ence their hearers by their Sunday lectures about " dogs in the manger," why should they complain about the clergy influencing their people in their sermons about there possibly being no manger at all ? But, of course, the so- called " liberals" and " freethinkers " are not intolerant. No; they are very fair and chari table ;— only this that their " charity " consists in Blandering the clergy, and their "liberality " consists in their putting down religion. Sisters in, Shoals. — A telegram informs us that a steamer is now on the way from Plymouth with H female Jesuits, called "sisters)" for Dr. Vaughan of Sydney, and Dr. Quinn of Bris bane. We suppose that these are au instal ment of' the "religious " immigration, .with which the couritrj is to bo flooded for the pur pose of giving the children a "thorough Catholic education. " We don't wondor at this sort of addition to our population. Those who have come hitherto have boon well rewarded. They have set up the convents for the catching of' Protestant girls, and some Protestants have been so unprincipled and idiotical ' as to send -their: little 'boys and girls to those female Jesuits to be taught, on the promise, of course, that " they will nos iuterfere with tho chil dren's-, faith.-"-'- Some of : those female Jesuits have offcred female accomplishments', shell as -needlework, French anil music at a " very small cost." ' Absurd Protestants have been caught iby- the " cheapness " of / the " accomplish ments." Young girls have been sent at ' an age -when tliey were most impressible, ancl they have learned for nothing other accomplish ments besides music and French. The promise of not interfering with the children's religion; has been found to be a Jesuit's promise—" of no effect when the Church is concerned ;" for ' the children have beon tarnpc with they have been so far seduced aud ' at last won - over to Papal fold, not perhaps by any direct or' osten sible means, but by ' those seducing ' arts ' for which all Jesuits, both male and female, are especially famous. If-, the (lodge , of " cheap accomplishments " has thus paid, why should it not be tried on a large soalo ? Women ' at e useful for many purposes. Some will teach, some will go about from house to house carrying holy ' water, and' sacred-'-'' relics', and daubs' of blessed candles, and some will help to cast the light, of their' sweet countenances over the dismal life of tho holy Fathers !— Popery knows '. well1 that ! its strength lies in the service and devotion and infatuation of women. The women and the priest are quite enough to make 'Popbryna 'success. Protestants' are ; imposed upon as they look at the irioek ladies iti; schools and hospitals, going about their work in silence under vows. They ' think tliem nice ladies. They say, iu admiration, these are angels. And, when' they think they are 'denying themselves for other's good, tho3o maudliiig Protestants: exclaim) "Such-women'are a bleBsing;" Popery -knows how to ! utilize ' such maudling Pro testants, and it' knows how -to -cultivate 'such seducing appearances: ; But 'why is it that Pro testants won't see that there is more danger in oho of those women than' in half ' a dozen such inquisitorial priests suoh as the elegant ancl; mild Father Sheridan ? When 0110 look's at tliat ' holy father one feels 'on ohe's guard lest he should: kindle 'a faggot or open 'a door, or bring out a scavenger's daughter " for " tho comfort of heretics ; 'but when- oue. sees a' meek si-ter, with her demure look, and with her soft voice, ono is compelled to pity aiid love her. Ah, tlie woman has power. - But ought not Protestants to understand that a snake may be a very beantifub creature? Still ; more, ought they not to . understand that a tiger is a very/fawning creature ? Above all, ought they not to under stand that " tho sister'" woman is' the' representa tive and-hidden agent of a " grand conspiracy of men,", whoaim atuniveisalpower ancl authority ? That woman is under vows which are a standing slander on womankind. If; sho' were a celibate only for tho purpose of going about to. do good, there might be -something to admire' in' her self- denial; but she is a- celibate because she be lieves that marriage is' a defilement, and that virginity is a holiness that wins a higher place iu heaven. Slio .is a ' celibate bocauso she pro claims that celibacy is more pleasing to God and will be rewarded with a : brighter' crown in heaven. If husbands, wives, mothers, and sweethearts wiil consider this, that by such falsehoods the clearest relationships of life are reproached, aud tlio' wisest purpose of God is defamed, - they would regard .such celibate women and their celibate masters as unworthy of > a place in human society ! " Roman Meets Soman.— it is amusing to see how Freeman bravely boars up before the Archbishop's " Express. "He dare not openly attack it, because iu- attacking the Express ho would be attacking the Archbishop. This would never do ; for the Archbishop is yet to be courted for favours to come. Then, on the other hand, tlio Express cannot afford openly to attack Freeman. This would never do, for among the more vulgar Catholics Freeman may still do the Church good service. Besides, it is remembered that Freeman has served the Church when nothing else could do it. And then, as the life of the Express is not very certain— is, in fact, still in its milk — it would not do to be too severe on Freeman for its weakness and drivel in these exciting times, lest, in the event of the Express giviug up the ghost for want of cash, there may be something for tho Arch bishop to gracefully fall back upon! It ia amusing, however, to see the two Romans faco each other, and wishing oach other in the middle of next week. The scene of attacks, in their own way, is the advertising page of the Herald. Each Friday they rival each other in the fulness anil catchingness of their appeals to Bridget and Mickey : "Full Catholic news, latest from Ireland ; last great exploit of his Grace ; triumph of the Church ; the Blessed Virgin blessing the Pope, &c.;, &c.;" The only thing in which the Express has tho advantage of Freeman is in the large posters which are stuck up round the Popish chapels—' ' Have you seen the Ex press ? Buy tho Express : best Catholic paper: all news from Ireland: read the Express." Such posters are lawful on behalf of the Ex press, because it ia the Archbishop's paper ; but poor Freeman has no such privilege to catch the eye of the worshipping Bridgets and Mickies as they enter tlie chapel. We" hope to see by and bye the tails left of the Kilkenny cats ! Other Men's Wives. — We heartily wish "Australian" an excellent wife of his own, but the absurdity of the questions allowed Bpace in The Mail is the affair of its editors, not of tho P. S. 