THE SOCIAL KALEIDOSCOPE. By Pasqtjiit. Wo. 8. Dr. Beg at Chalmer's Church Moravians rise ! bestow some rnoet reward I On dull Devotion. | — Byron — English Bards. Bigotry murders Religion to frighten fools with lier gliost. — Colton — Lacon. The art of writing upon any subject at any time is one that I own to not possessing. Even a comparatively superficial perusal of the news paper literature of this city will, I venture to state, prove satisfactorily to tne intelligent reacter, that I should have but little cause for regret in lacking the peculiar faculty I have alluded to. Bulls, in their natural sphere, are both useful and even ornamental ; bulls in journalism are simply landmarks of either carelessness or ignorance. The manufacture, of journalistic bulls is chiefly confined to those shallow literary gentlemen whose learning and experience are small, but whoso conceit is unbounded. Theso persons will, as they term it, ' throw off ' ' an article ' on any given subject in any given timo. They will expatiate upon Chinese metaphysics, the high price of butcher's-meat, the principles undeilying the Constitution, the abstract morality of a dog fight, the English Liberal majority, the unorna mental condition of the deadhouse, or any other topic in the whole rango of literature, with equal confidence and alacrity. Tho result is usually of a particularly .raelaneholy, or of a peculiarly ludicrous character. My object in making these remarks is not to east a slur upon my brother journalists indiscriminately ; for, in Sydney at the present time, there are several literary men i of pre-eminent ability. Foremost amongst these may be classed the Eev. Dr. M'Gibbon, the equally 'reverend' Dr. Barry, the superlatively ' reverend ' John Alexander Dowie, and the extraordinarily ultra-reverend Dr. Wazir — ' Phoebus ! what a mrno To fill tlxo speaking' tturnp of future famo !'— Bog. These gentlemen, more especially the editors of the Four-penny Fla- mer, are gifted with the peculiar talent of being able to writo with equal intelligence upon any subject, and I have also no hesitation in saying that thoir lucubra tions are written in that peculiar vein that they [exhaust their subject and their readers at the same time. A casual glance at tho pages of the Flamer will show tho startled reader that ito conductors display an appalling originality in their writing. When they wish to crush a work written in the interests of a rival faith, they peg av/ay at it weekly in a serieo of somo thirty to forty articles, all of which aro equa Uy lucid, and characteristic of the authors! When the serieo io finished, the boob of course is usually burned by tho com mon hangman, or othcrwiso coascs to exist. When I say 'usually,' I speak advisedly; for certain works have been known to juot barely linger for a year or so after a M'Gibboniacal denunciation in the Four-penny Flamer. Well, these writers can, it would appear, fill piles of slips at will ; write essays indifferent alike of inspiration and of any other generally- allowed adjunct to successful composition. Now I oan not do this. I must wait, when an article is on the tapis, till winged Fancy opens wide the mind's caged doors, and Ceres' daughter, oweet and dulcet-eyed, guides my sharp-pointed Gillot o'er the surface of tho unsympathetic slips. I must ' lay off ' and let my article ' simmer.' And X am to a great extent dependent upon my ' sur* roundings ' for success. I require flowers upon my writing-table, pretty paper upon my walls, and above all a largo on en window to my room, out of which I can contemplate the lovely blue of thp heavenly canopy, drink in the fresh, pure ozone, and mark the wonderful effects of sun and shadow. At times, however, all these things fail in conjur ing up inspiration. This was the case yesterday P So when night came on I took a boat and sailed away up the harbour. There was a strong breeze, and it was pleasant to mark the little craft cleave the billows, to listen to the ' lap ' and 'gurgle ' of the water, and, more than all, to gaze up at the heavens, in which there was not tho size of a man's hand unspangled by myriads of twinkling Stars. And the city ! Wo words, ? no phrapep, however rhythmic, could express the illimitable & beauty of the picture. Look back when I would, :© from the towering heights to the water's edges everywhere magical effects of light and ohade. And as I watched and listened alone there on the waters, the subdued hum of the busy streets was borne, towards me on the evening breeze, mingled now and again with a rhythmic throb, . lingering and uneven in its cadence — the beating of the city's heart. It was then I thought of Southey'a lovely lines — - ' How beautiful is night. ? ; A dewy freshness fills tlie silent air. , ' No mist, nor cloud, nor spack, nor stain : - Breaks the serene of heaven. t . : How beautiful is night.' And as I sailed on and on, and the night grew older and older, inspiration slowly came, wreath ing itself in a rosy cloud about my intellect. And — arid-— appended will be found the result. ? A small church facing Prince Alfred J§. spick and span little edifice of an intense desoripo tion. Architecturally its exterior is intensely gothic, and supernaturally prim. Its windows are intensely mullioned, and even the iron-work of the gate and railings is of the intensesfc media-val order. Inside, the roof is intensely vaulted, the walls are coloured the intensest lavender, and the carpet which covers the raised platform upon which stands the pulpit is quite dazzling in the intense brilliancy of its colours. I went there in the evenings and in tho rain. I had been attracted by an advertisement in the ' Keligious Notice' column of the Sydney Morning Herald. It v/as a brief but sensational announcement. Let me give it in its thundering entirety : — ? ' Chamiek's Church, Prince Alfred Park. — Tlie Eev. De. Bsa will preach in the morning on suicide, on the evening on infanticide. Free list entirely suspended.' On consideration I am not quite sure whether the latter period was included in the advertise ment, but I'll risk it anyhow. The amount of ' cido' comprised in the announcement attracted me, and in spite of the downpour of tho elements, shielded by a gigantic (borrowed) cotton umbrella, my aged feet protected by a pair of goloshes (likewise loaned for the occasion), I sallied forth amidst the ' ringing and the jingling of the bells,' resolved to utilize the Eev. Dr. to tho extent of procuring tho material ! for an article and gaining inotruction i upon the somewhat lugubrious subjoct of ! infanticide at tho same timo. I entered i and took a side sitting in order to take the Eev. Doctor in profile ; not caring to s risk in facing him. tho full blast of hio dusky fascinations. My seat was well choson, too, for in my immediate neighbourhood wore a couplo o£ fair ones in fur-bedizened jackets ; in tho oxprossion of whoso faces pure dovotion and tho sense of tho ludierious wore vory curiously . blended. Tho church wa3 brilliantly lighted ; no lena than seven chandeliers, each containing ois ' burners, slied their lambent glamour over the Begian tomplo. Tho pulpit especially was illuminated with au intensity V7hicli was strictly in keeping with the church itself. Flanking tho CUBliion on each side were tho inevitable illuminated branches ; while attached to tlie oounding-board wero two more powerful lampa of that peculiar hind lately introduced by an intelligent Corporation at the intersection of some of our principal thoroughfares. At precisely seven o'clock, tho Eev. Doctor solemnly entered. At least he considered it Bolenmly, although I havo my own opinion as to the exact effect of his advent. Dr. Beg, in appearanco, is a funny little man, with a funny littlo pair of legs, and a funny little podgy hand. Liko Falstaff, he was probably born v/ith 'a little round belly,' for ho exhibits at tho present time that protuberance in rather an advanced condition of perfection. The Doctor is a very distinguished gentleman indeed. Besides being the incumbent of Chal mer's Church, he is Grand Chaplain to the Free masons of Hew South Wales. It would appear that Dr. Beg does not ' hit it ' with some of his holy confriircs, and although an Orangeman, be io at issue with both Dr. M'Gibbon and Dr. Barry. I ? am unfortunately not in possession of tho par ticulars of the quarrel between these distin guished religious instructors ; but this I do know, they hate one another ' With a hate found only on the stage.' In the Barry-M'Gibbon organ was ground a tune, some time ago, which considerably exercised Dr Beg. M'Gibbon,. veil remembering tlie fear ' ful struggle he had for his (Sydney University) . degree, did not believe in tho dusky material of this sketch appropriating to himself the title which had cost the Woolloomooloo prophet such a vast amount of brain-cudgelling. So in the Four penny Flamer they said that poor Beg had found his degree under a culvert at Heildelberg, and that he had given a boy a few groehen to clean it up for him and carry it home. Thero is ' no reoord, I believe, of what Dr. Beg replied. ' . Whether he ' slanged ' the clerical twins back or not in either of his little monthly placards, I . ean't say ; all I know is, that if he abstained from attacking the grammar of the Flamer and tho veracity of its editors, ho has considerably moro Christian fortitude than I am disposed to give him credit for. j Dr. Beg's appearance is peouliar. The tinu of hio complexion resembles that of a man who had ' blacked up ' for Othello, but having mixed too much kerosene with his burnt; cork, had only achieved a comparative success in his postdra matical ablutions. His face io fat and round and : pitted. His hair is short and wiry and woolly. When in tho immediate vicinity of Dr. Beg's countenance his 'mug' gives one the idea of having served as a target for a volunteer regiment, being nearly as full of holes as a colander. Upon his ' ' Liberian proboscis repose a pair of gold-rimmed goggles, tho panes of which are cerulean upon their convex, and, doubtless, upon thoir concave also. Teilding to a pardonable passion for 'bijouterie , the Eev. Doctor sports a (presumably) colonial gold ' slang ;' the dexter pocket of his cleric vest doubtless containing a ' super ' encased in the same precious metal. ? Immediately facing the pulpit wao a small harmonium, at which a little girl of twelve presided. Thio juvenile organist was perfectly ' calm and cool and oelf-posoeooed. She reminded me of the man who playo the drum at the Vic. fcoria Theatre; tho blase expression of her features expressing as plainly as looks could express an ndifference almost amounting to contempt for ithe ' show.' Sho, however, handled her instru ment with distinguished success ; conscientiously endeavouring to drown the voices of the amateur vocalists ; an effort for which she has my sincere and grateful thanks. The choir consisted of thirteen persons : four little girls, five little boys, and four adult howlers. The voice of ono of these gentlemen resembled in so great a degree the vocal organ of a peripatetic merchant who matutinally bawls ' Fee- sh-oh !' beneath the windows of my suburban residence, that I started involuntarily v/hen I heard him. Dr. Beg being ' Presbyterian true blue,' opened the meeting with a psalm from the Presbyterian songster. I forget the number, but the burden of the opening stanza was to this effect : — t , ; , ' 'I joy'd whon to tho houso of God Go up they said to me ; \- /v''.; '- Jerusalem within our gatea \r ... Our foet ahall standing bo.' : 'There is a calm grandeur about this lyric which .would mako an impression upon the side of an , ;:.|ronclad. To hear it once is to bo converted; ?ft.. to hear it trace io to die! An extemporary prayer followed. Thero io really such a family . likeness botwoen tho improvised intercessions of ? . , : J3egj M'Gibbon, Allon, and Do wio, that criticism' would seem to be superfluous. For cliastenens of attitude, however, I award to Dr. Begjtho palm. After the prayer came the'address on infanticide. This oration wao based upon a passage in St. Paul's Epistlo to th cEomans, and wa3 altogether of a very extraordinary description. Dr. Beg's elocution reminds one of that of a ' corner man' in a 'nigger mistrel' troupe. Ho ha3 not a th in in the whole of his vocabulary. He commenced by stating that ' dis St. Paul, dis 'postle, is a very ill-natured man.' Then he told us that there waB once a very rich man who, v/hen he was dying, remarked to his doctor that he would give £30,000 to know if there were any hell, as he con sidered that if one existed, he was booked for a first-class singlo ticket. ' Well,' pursued the Eev. Doctor — ' dis man say he would gib all disli tousand pound, and yet if you go to de 'Dheatre j Eoyal any night dere is a man dere who will tell j you dere is no hell for a shilling.' He then made a jump to Pekin, and read to us, from a J mouldy old volume of travel, about how the j Chinese ' play up ' with their offspring, j He also said that in his parish, it had come j to his knowledge that infanticide was ' alarm- j ingly prevalent,' and he proceeded to warn j the young lady and gentlemen member8 J of his congregation (eighty'souls) against stand ing at street corners and ' mouching ' about in the dark in Prince Alfred Park. The whole discourse was as shallow as a Corporation glitter, and as bald as the head of Daddy M'Guffin. Dr. Beg stated that he had devoted a considerable amount of ' research' to his address. Well, perhaps he had ; but if so ho must, of a surety have misinterpreted his authors. If not, 1ub memory resembles the buckets of tho daughters of Danaus — ' it retains nothing' ; and his recollection that of tho bolters of a mill, which retain only the chaff and let the flour escape. Dr. Beg may be best described a3 ' feeble.' ' His opinion of himself, however, is of a very flattering description. This is self-evident by his smug and complacent manner. He has one very strange trick, which he has possibly in herited from Mr. Chadband. He piles query upon query, and always answers them himself. Some of his replies are eminently unsatisfactory and illogical, but he doesn't give any one else a chance to cut in. Altogether Dr. Beg is a very distinguished failure as an orator and bril liantly unsuccessful ao a logician. Still he liveo and is prosperous ; and he is able moreover to get people to come week after week to hear him discourse. This contents him, I suppose. Well, if it contents him, it ought to content no. Anyhow Dr. Beg is a living illustration of how a man who has utterly mistaken his profession can succeed. But it does not require very distin guished mental acquirements to constitute the necessary fitness for a Presbyterian Divine ! The address was succeeded by a hymn, tho hymn Sy another prayer, and the prayer by the sermon. This was read where he could mako it out, and declaimed where he couldn't. Altogether it was fully up to the standard of his infanticide pitch, only a good deal longer. After the sermon was a collection to which I subscribed a shilling ; which involuntary contribution lias caused me to exist in a condition of foaming fury ever since. As I left, it was pouring hard, and the streets were in a picturesque condition of mud and slush. This, added to the agony I had recently undergone, caused my reflections during the journey home to be of a sorrowful, not to say harrowing nature. Tee Eandwick Asylum Directors are making a great noi36 because the medical officer ordered a considerable quantity of porter to be given to tho children during last°year. Quite right. Why should these poor delicate waifs be regaled with such luxuries ? Let them endure pain and sick ness, and let them perish — they are only orphans. Of course ; and let the noble-hearted directors — the gushing philanthropists — have their 'annual commemorations,' and ' recherche banquets.' Let the tables on the Board-room at the directors' festivals groan with the weight of tho ' good things.' Let the champagne flow and sparkle, the glasses chink in merry harmony, and let the joyful cheers that greet the toast ' Success to the Institution' ring through the building — tho crowded dormitories — to comfort the poor, withered, and bruised heartB of tho unhappy inmates, and to teach thom ' what a blessed thing is charity.' A gentleman who has travelled through Eiverina says that at several stations he noticed a toad make its appearance in tho drawing-room during the evening, and to set about industriously catching and devouring flies. At a well-known station on the north side of the river, the pet toad, whoso name is Daniel Webster, a descen dant of Mark Twain's celebrated jumping frog, is most punctual, and puts in hiB appearanco imme diately after tea. It is extraordinary how many flieo an energetic toad can destroy. A census of the native population of Fiji was taken in March, 1879, from ' which it appearo that there wore then 57,493 males and 51,431 females. Tho births and deaths during the nine months, from January to Soptember, were — males, 1321 ; deaths, 1288 ; females, 1222 ; deaths, 1079. 