LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF, THE: ANGLICAN CATHEDRAL; . The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Protestant Cathedral, of .which we give an illustration in this number,'took place on Tuesday, the 13th 'of April, in the presence of a large concourse of spectators. ' Of -the ne cessity which 'existed forr the erection of a ca thedral worthy of tho loading colony of Austra lia there never existed a doubt, hut a good deal of controversy arose as to ? the most eligible site that could be obtained. .The assembly of the Church of England had had the matter*, under consideration during -various sessions, and it was not until a sort of plebiscite was held that 'any determination - could . bo arrived at.- There were ' two sites from which to choose, namelyj that upon which St. Petor's stands on Eastern-hill, an'd'-that of St. Paul's Church in Swanston-'street! The majority of .voto3 was - in favor of the' latter, which was accordingly seleoted. Situated as the site is in' the midst of a -.busy thoroughfare, flanked on one side 'by the Gippsland- Hailway torminus and the morgue, with the Fish Market on the opposite corner,:'' and- several ' sporting public houses in the immediate .vicinity, .many deprecated the^decision arrived at. ^Esthotio taste and the sense' of appropriateness were subordinated to the convenience of the dwel lers in the 'suburbs, all of whom declared in -favor of the Swanston-street'site ns being near the Flinders -street'terminus. Thoro was noxt much bickering as to the designs of the new cathodral. Colonial '. architects, , 'considered that ' in such ? a matter their claims should not bo ignored. It was contended that to give tho preforence to a home competitor would bo a reflection upon native talent, arid many and various werd the arguments put forward in favor 6( thVpoibnJjjl artjolo, After ' much ado, it was ?' decided to throw tho com petition open to all equally, and the result of this arrangement - was that tho design of Mr. Butterfield, 'architect, .of London, was awarded- tho first prize. The general plan of the building is cruciform. The length will be 273 feet, and the total width'' 126 feot. Owing to tho cramped nature of the site the chancel window will be almost directly over Flinders-lane. The principal entrance will be from Flinders-street, the minor ' entrances being under each of the western towers. Navo and aisles, from the west door to the piers of central tower will measure ' 164 feet by 66 feet ; north transept, 35 feet by 21 feet ; south transept, 35 'feet by 29 feet ; central tower, 43 feet by 43 feot, and chancel, 48 feet by 37 feet,1 making tlie total length of the choir 91 'feet. The grand entrance will only be opened' on special occasions, as its near proximity to the street would expose the interior, and subject worshippers not only to tho gazo of pas3ers by, but to tlie wind and dust which are uncommonly playful about this particular spot on occasions. Tho floor, of the navo and side aisles will be raised about 6 feet above the lovel of tho' street, the communion .table being roachod from the nave by a flight of seven steps. Clustered columns will support the clerestory walls. ?? The' central tower will bo sustained by four pillars 'of great strength, and will be open from the interior to a height of over 100 feet; A stone gallery will surround the interior of tho 'tower 'at a distanco of 70 feet from the floor. The roofs of' nave and chancel will be constructed alike, and carried ?by principals,- with curved ribs springing from the caps* of polished granite corbel-shafts. Tho ceiling will be cradled in a polygonal form, 'with moulded ribs,' and have a total height of 75 feet in the clear. ' The aisle roofs will be. of the' usual lean-to section, but of a slightly flatter .pitch than that of the nave. The, general stylo will be Gothic, though of a highly decorative character. Theleadingfeaturcs will be the grand central tower, surmounted by a spire, and two smaller towers situated' on the western side of the building, ' near Swanston-' street. : Between these western, towers will bo' ?the large central doorway; and over thisa five light tra'ceried window, the upper part of the central gable being filled with blank arcading, with a cusped vesica in the centre. The span ^drils over, door and winddw,'dnd tho gables of the western towers will' be richly diapered. Tho' total -height of the nave and chancel roofs - will be 93 feet from the sur face of the ground; the transept roofs will be' several feet lower. The great central tower will rise from' the intersection , of the nave, chancel and transept roofs. It will bo square, 43 feet by 43 feet (external dimen sions), until, it roaches above the ridge of the nave roof, when it will bo reduced by a broach to an irregular octagon, leaving tho four prin cipal sides about doublb tho width of ' the broached sides. Each -face on the design is filled with geometric tracery, that in the four principal faces being' opened and louvred,' and that on the other four faces blanks'. At a height of 153 feet ? from the ground there will spring from' this tower an octagonal stone ;spiro, reaching to- the vane, to a height of .about 275. feet. ' This spire will be enriched by' escalloped bands at intervals through out' its : height, and 'will be surmounted 'by a, metal cross and weather-cock vane. .Ordinarily sitting accommodation will ? bo afforded for 1300 persons, but on special 'occasions provision can :be made for nearly 2000\. The cost will probably be 'close upon £150,000, -and' possibly .tho entire structure will be finished within the next quarter, of a century. - pFor the purposes of the ceremony a series of raised seats, or open galleries, were ex temporised for. 'the - more privileged spec tators ? and those engaged to assist in the musical services. . Prior to the commence ment of the proceedings tho clergymen con nected with the metropolitan churches and the representatives of the up-country dioceses, to gether with those who had been invited, in cluding his Excellency Lord Normanby, to as sist in the ceremony, assembled in. St. Paul's Churoh, and. from thenco marched in -procession, without- ostentation or display,- to the scono of .operations. The proceedings were regarded .'with much in terest,, and. on every point of vantage in the neighborhood spectators thronged to witness the, ceremony. As soon as his Excellency the Governor had taken his place, accompanied by Bishop Moorhouso, tho proceedings commenced, and, after the singing of a hymn, the offering up of a prayer, and* the chanting of psalms, preparations woro made for lowering the stono. A leaden case was closed and deposited in a cavity in tho. bed upon which tho stono was to rest. It contained copies of the following : — The'. OhurcJt.- of England Messenger for the current month ; the Melbourne daily papers of that day's date ; tho University Calen dar j tho ; Acts of the Churoh of England As sembly j the statistics of tho dioceso, and the order of tho procoodinga to bo observed at thp , ceremony ; a bottle of wheat, ijrown at Rush worth, in the Goulburn Valley ; the current coins of the realm, and a scroll upon which the following was engrossed : — Ad Suimnl Dol Glorium et honorem, Ad filll ojus mortem ct rosurrcctioncui, 1 Usquo diun rodent Pcrpctua memorla proscfiuondum, Et ad fldem semel saiictls traditain Coiisorvimdatn, ? Iluno Laiiidom Anjtularem Ecelesiio Cntlicdralis in urbo Melburnensl ' Sub Beat! Pnuli auspiclig Posuit vir optiinus Domimis do Normanby, G.O.Jr.G., Circumstfttitlbus Jacobo Jloorhouso, S.T.P., opiscopo ; Gullelmo Foster Stawcll, armigoro, justiciariu prinil pali ; Hussoy Burgh Macartney, decano ; Nee non ct eloro populonuo. Die Aprllis tortio declmo, A.n. MDCCCLXXX. Adsit Dotis propltius, Et acdiflcandl oporl usquo ad oxitum favent. Tho scroll was read by Dr. Hearn, Chancellor of the diocese. His Excellency was presented Twith'a silver trowel suitably inscribed, and the mortar having been laid the; stone was lowered into its position. When tested and found to bo truly laid, his Excellency tapped it with a xnul -let, and in doing so he said :— ' I lay this foun dation-stone of a Cathedral Church, to he dedi cated to the service of Almighty God, and to be called by tho name of tho Holy Apostle St. Paul, in the name of the leather, and of tho Son, and- of the Holy Ghost.' After further engagement, in prayer, the chanting of psalms, and the collection of offering's, his Excellency ,'. the Governor rose and said : — My Lord Bishop, the clergy, and the chapter of tho diocese. I thank you for having given me the opportunity ' of being pre3eut on so auspicious an occasion as this is. Ladies and gentlemen, we are horo gathered , together to-day to lay the foundation stone of a cathedral for 'the city of Melbourne, to * be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, and I trust it will bo tho point around which tho Church of England in' this colony may long ' centre. This edifice, which is' . now ; begun, will, we hope, remain a memorial of this day's : work from generation to generation. On looking around this great city of Melbourne, and seeing so many buildings which have been erected both 'publicly and privately, I may have sometimes thought that the commencement of a . cathedral had been too long delayed. Be that as it may, .the work has now .begun, and as. no man should turn back from the plough, I would urge .that ' all should contribute to the' best ' of 'their means; I should ill judge the character of the people of Victoria if I thought there would bo any lack of funds to finish this great under taking. God has been bountiful indeed in tho way in which bo has blessed- this colony/and I amsuro none should grudge to pay back to his service a small mite of that which ho has so bountifully bestowed upon '; them. 'I trust that the cathedral will grow from day to-day, from month to month, and from year to year. Cathedrals are- not edifices whicti.dre erected inaday.; and wo all know whilo looking at those beautiful monuments of antiquity which wohaveinthe old country, that all' of them have taken years to build, and- many of them, I might even say, centuries. But let tho work go steadily on j let all apply the best means they have' in their power to ad vanco it, and when the building is completed let it bo that edifice which we all hope it to be, so that in future generations and in long years to come your posterity, may point to this cathedral ' and say, 'This is a monument of tho de votion, energy and perseverance of our forefathers in the early days of the colony.' Bishop Moorhouse then . delivered a very eloquent address, in which he advocated tho use of music and the . imposing paraphernalia of a cathedral in order to superinduce devo tional feelings in the minds of worshippers. Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, in a few remarks referred to the satisfaction which he experienced at noticing the commencement made towards the erection of the cathedral, and expressed the hope that its progress would not be interrupted. The collection resulted . in the receipt' of £1209 11s. Sd., - including a cheque from Mr. W. J, Clarke for £1000, £25 from his Excellency tho Governor, and £50 from tho Mayor of Mel bourne. Other contributions received during the last few days wore— £500 from Mr. P. W. Armytage, £500 from Mr. T. B. Payno, £52. 10s. from Mr. W. Elsdon, and £150 from Mr. F. Gillett. The announcement of the' re ceipt of Mr. Clarke's donation -was received with cheers. The benediction closed tho pro ceedings, and cheers wero \ afterwards given for the Governor,' the Bishop,' the Dean, and Mr. Clarke. ? ? 