ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1880. THE railway is a great destroyer as well as creator of vested interests. In what- ever direction the locomotive may be pushed its inevitable effect is to divert from previous channels and attract to itself all the traffic of its neighbourhood. To the man who suffers loss of income or property by the change the ordeal is most painful, and his case is one en- titled to public sympathy. But when that is accorded nothing beyond it can be claimed. Private and personal interests must in all cases give way to public interests, and the man who fights against this well recognised law simply engages in a tilt against windmills, and throws good money after bad. Yet this is a thing not infrequently done, and when failure results, the vanquished warrior anathematises the windmill and curses his luck, as though he was one of the most ill-used of mortals. The Central Railway has been often pointed at as being attended by one great advantage, namely, that its course has not been affected by the claims of established centres of population, and that the usual injury to property through the diversion of traffic has not been sus- tained by its construction. At least that was the initial advantage with which the construction was undertaken. Ten years ago St. Lawrence was a very small town- ship indeed, and most intelligent men must have perceived that when the railway then running to Westwood had been pushed a hundred miles into the interior, it must command the traffic to thc westward of Connor's Range. Yet in spite of this eventuality, vested interests strengthened at Broad- sound ; pressure was brought to bear ripon the Government of the day, and a good dray road was made over the range at great expense. In the mean- time, because the railway would soon supersede it, no proper steps were taken to make a good road from Rockhamp- ton towards the Peak Downs, and the result was an almost entire diversion of the traffic to the Broadsound road and the creation of a considerable vested interest at St. Lawrence. A year or two since the railway asserted its supe- riority, and the last state of St. Lawrence has become worse than the first. Had it never been raised to the false position of a port for thc Peak Downs it might not have made much progress, bul it would certainly not have suffered the cruel reverse which it has lately experienced. Not that we blame the Broadsound people for taking advantage of the business thrown in their way, for to have acted otherwise than they did would not have been human, especially when the Peak Downs mer chants, partly outof jealousy ofRockhamp ton, made strenuous efforts to secure St. Lawrence as a special port of their own. But there can nor^bc no question that had the natural avenues of trade between Rockhampton and_ the west been im- proved and maintained in a passable state, the traffic would never have been diverted to Broadsound, and on the whole the interests of the community would have been more generally conserved. We are among those who think that no port is benefited by a trade which its natural advantages do not allow it permanently to retain. On this ground we have ever advocated the simultaneous ex- tension of all three trunk railway lines. This done, whatever the progress made by the several ports will be genuine,_ and their prosperity will not be in continual danger of being swept away by the inevitable development of our great system of internal communication. Our policy in this particular has excited hostile criticism on the spot, and we have been charged with facilitating a scheme for " tapping our back country," and thus jeopardising the best interests of Rockhampton. But we have always steadily resisted the temptation to clutch at trade which does not naturally belong to our port, and which it would be impossible to permanently retain. Hence we contended .that in our system of internal communication the interests of the interior should be consulted in pre- ference to the interests of any particular port. The settler on the Lower Warrego or the Upper Diamantina should be enabled to take advantage of the geo- graphically nearest outlet for his produce, and not have his mileage permanently increased by a political railway. Hence we have always held that it would be unjustifiable and unwise for the people of Rockhampton to claim the trade of the Lower Warrego which ought to go to Brisbane, or of the Upper Diamantina which ought to go to Townsville. Had the Central district members opposed the Northern Railway, it is just possible that the trade of Rockhampton would have temporarily benefited. But the gain would have been ill-gotten, and have been mischievous rather than beneficial in many ways. These remarks have been prompted by the cry emitted from Clermont against the " isolation " of that town, resulting from the. extension of the railway and 'the injurious policy of the postal authorities. It may be admitted that the pushing on of the railway will be temporarily injurious to Clermont. The adventitious trade with the far ' west which it acquired through the Broad- sound route could not be retained after the glory of St. Lawrence had departed. Indeed,' the people of that port might have had reason to complain had the Central Railway been carried direct to Clermont. It must be recollected that the traders of both places argued that the Broadsound road would hold its own in spite of the railway. When, therefore, the people of Rockhampton many years ago clamoured for the "due west course " they could not be accused of going out of their way to injure ports to the north or south of them, The " politicians " of Clermont should now therefore admit that when we support the action of the postal authorities we are perfectly consistent with our past advocacy. We say it would have been totally wrong to compel the Aramac people to travel to port via Clermont, and that the Government could not justly do otherwise than they have done in connecting Emerald and Aramac by the most direct route. Nor can it be expected in the present state of the re- venue, or having regard to the business to be done, that a connecting coach should be tun from Clermont to the intersection of the main western line at Craven. Were that coach provided the service could not be made to dove- tail with the direct service, because the traveller from Emerald to Aramac via Clermont would arrive at Craven a day late. The P. £>. Telegram is very indignant on this subject, and says that the Government, in putting on a direct mail coach between Aramac and the railway terminus, are treating Clermont with studied neglect. *' We had hoped," says the Telegram, " that the prospect of getting a branch railway would bring men and capital to the district; but nobody now believes that the Govern- ment will do anything for us. The court-house has become a bye-word: and people say, If the Government will not give us a branch mail service, are they likely to give us a branch railway ?" To this we reply, the alteration in thc coach services has been necessitated by the extension of the trunk railway and by the same authority which has pro- vided for the branch railway to Clermont. That the branch line shall be made has been definitely settled by the sum of ¿£50,000 being included in the new loan as a vole on account for the work. Thc coach mail service rests on a totally different footing; and if, as is alleged, arrangements are to be made to convey the mails between Clermont and Aramac direct, we do not see that any- thing more can be fairly asked. It is useless for the Clermont people to expect direct participation in the through western traffic. The extension of the railway, as authorised by Parlia- ment, has made that impossible. But that a prosperous future is before them we see no reason to doubt. Had the railway passed through Clermont they would have suffered from the cause which has almost blotted out Dalby and which has become such a bugbear to the people of Roma. As it is, Clermont will be the terminus of a branch linc, the centre of a large mining district, and thc Ioc;\l market of a great agricultural country. The railway will provide markets for the Peak Downs farmers, and provide them with cash to spend in thc Clermont stores. We do not think Clermont pro- perty-owners need be discounted, iln-rc forc ; on thc contrary, we hold timi ai no previous time were their prospects so full of future promise, or the busines they still command so certain of per marient retention and gradual increase. THE modifications which have been made in the prospectus of the Queensland Produce and Meat-preserving Company (Limited), and the explanations given of certain points which wer'o not clearly understood, have, we think, put tbe project on such a footing as to ensure thc formation of thc company. The state- ment of Mr. A. B. Buchanan, in his letter to thc hon. Secretary of the Rockhampton Com- mittee for the company-" Mr. Fairbairn agrees with me that if any meat-preserving company in thc world can pay, the Lake's Creek Company should, under the proposed arrangements, pay well,"-is calculated to inspire the confidence of stockownera, and induce them to become shareholders in the company for a largo amount without further hesitation ; and the important concession that fat stock shall be taken in pay- ment of shares will doubtless have still more weight in determining those who hesi- tate to join in the undertaking. In the circular from Mr. Bertram of 1st November last, which ie in course of distribution amongst the stockownera of Central Queensland, he says-"I have just received a telegram from my Board of Directors in London, stating that they are willing to pledge themselves, on be- half of the new company, that fat stock Bhallbe taken in payment for shares, provided thc deposit money of one pound per share is paid in cash as a guarantee of good faith. Thc calls, aa they fall due, can bc paid in kind." Mr. Bertram adds, " To those who are hang- ing aloof I cannot do better than repeat what I stated on the 2nd July lost, ' That thc new directory will Bee that the purchases of fat stock arc made largely, if not exclusively, from shareholders as long as they have any to sell." lt was this payment in kind which stockowners generally desired, and thia point having now been conceded there is every inducement to stockowners to join heartily in thc venture. It may bc assumed that the prices at which cattle will be accepted in pay- ment for shares will vary with the state of tho open market, and that shareholders who wish to sell to the company, cither in payment for shares or for cash, will take their turn in the order in which their offers are made. Some system must, of course, be adopted, to prevent disputes and avoid giving any ground for sus- picion of favouritism, but these are matters of detail which can easily be arranged. The main point is that shareholders will be allowed to pay for their shares in kind, instead of in cash, and their fat cattle, if offered to the company in the ordinary way, will have a preference over offers from men who hold no shares. These terms arc highly favourable to stockowners, and will give them a decided advantage in consideration of their investment in the shares of the company and participation in its rtaks. These latter, how- ever, are not considerable, whilst there is a good prospect of annual dividends, over and above the indirect benefits accruing from the company's operations. We need not re- capitulate the many claims which thc new company has upon thc public support. They are already well known, and we take it for granted that the full number of shares allotted for colonial distribution will now be taken up readily and without hesitation. We under- stand that Mr. James Thomson, Chairman of tho Rockhampton Committee for the Com- pany, is issuing circulars asking etnekowners to secure their shares by forwarding to him the required deposit, on allotment, of £1 per shara. TUE report was current in town yesterday that Mr. M. S. Bundle had sent in his resig- nation as Harbour Master of this port, or requested to be allowed to retire on super- annuation allowance, and that there are several candidates to fill the post. We are unable to vouch for thc eutiro truth of the report, but have reason to believe it has 'emanated from Mr. Bundle himself, and we therefore do not hesitate to give it further publicity. We had no opportunity last night of ascertaining the particulars, and mean- while we refrain from comment. COMMENTING upon the results of the University examinations and the largo pro- portion of successful candidates from the schools of this colony, the S. M. Herald says:-"Thc energy which the Queensland schools have thrown into these examinations, and thc surprising successes which thc pupils of that colony have achieved, arc well worthy of thc attention of thc schoolmasters of this colony. All tbc prizes, together with a goodly number of thc medals, have gone to thc neighbouring colony. Tho public will naturally ask thc reason for this. The presumption is that a superior class of pupils means a superior class of schools, and this is no doubt thc view which will bc generally taken of tho successes of our Northern competitors. This view may not be thc correct one ; a scries of successful examina- tions may point to an excess of special prepara- tion for this work, and a corresponding neglect of ordinary school work; to the selection of a different class of students ; or to a moro liberal rendering of thc rules according to which tbc examinations are conducted. Wc have no right to assume that the examinations which arc held in Brisbane are conducted differently from those which arc held in Sydney, and until something of this kind appears the inference must be that the conductors of some of thc leading schools in Queensland arc in possession of a secret which our educators have yet to learn." FROM thc southern papers wc learn that thc P. and 0. Co.'s steamers under thc new contract, which takes effect next month, will j bo due in Sydney on every alternate Friday, the time occupied in transit of mails from ' England being about forty-two days. Thc time from England to Melbourne is fixed at thirty-nine days sixteen hours, and letters will be delivered overland in Sydney within forty-one days. This means forty-three days to Brisbane and forty-five ta Rockhampton. Thc proposed ten- knot service via Torres Straits will occupy forty-two and a-half days to Rockhampton and forty-four to Brisbane. So that in point of speed, Rockhampton would gain but a day and a-half by the Torres Straits mail-an advautagc probably more than counterbalanced by thc fact that thc P. ami 0. Co.'s service is to bo fortnightly instead of tour-weekly. What our Govern- ment intend to do under these circumstances has not yet transpired, hut some decision ouyht ere Ulis to have been arrived at. Tenders for the accelerated service hy way of Torres Straits were ti bc sent in by 1st October last, ami the present contract actually expires within nine months from thc present date. We presume thc (¡overnincut find this a knotty question, but thc public arc entitled to know shortly what change has been resolved nj «m. AT the Polios Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, a slaughtering license was granted to James Forrest. The application of Elisabeth Lucas for a prohibition order under the 11th clause of the Matrimonial Canias Jurisdiction Act against her husband Thomas Lucas, was granted. Mr. F. Milford, from the office of Mr. H. Milford, appeared iu sup- port of the application. Is another column will bc found an an nounccmcnt respecting the re-opening of thc Theatre on Monday night, when Lingard's company and diorama will occupy the boards. The diorama comprises scenes of the Russo Turco war, painted in a thoroughly artistic manner, and which are stated to be of an interesting character. Tho mind-reading per- formance of Professor Rice has been referred to by the Sydney and Brisbane press as being little short of the marvellous, and very appre- ciable. The entertainment is diversified by Japanese Tommy, Ute of Kelly and Leon's Minstrels, who is a whole host in himself. Mr. Lingard, thc manager, arrived by the j Yaralla yesterday, and from the class of com- panies-Dr. Silvester's and thc United States j Minstrels-he produced hero, doubtless the present one will gain approbation. THE contractor for the Rockhampton Gram- mar School. Mr. John Ferguson, began the building a fortnight ago, and thc foundations arc being laid. Large stacks of bricks are on thc ground, und a considerable number of bricklayers and labourers are employed on thc job. A connection has been made. with the water pipe from the Reservoir to tho Hos- pital which passes close to tho site of the new building, and water has thus been obtained without much expense for tho use of the con- tractor. We understand that the Orammar School will be permanently supplied in the same manner, but as the fall from the reser- voir is only about ten feet, it will be necessary to have supply tanks from which the water may bc raised by a force pump to tanka in the roof, and from theso latter, distribution pipes will conduct thc water to various parts of the building a« required. The contract time for thc completion of the whole work is twelve months; but wc fully expect to see the building finished and ready for oeoupation within the period named. Mn. ANGUS MACK AV, M.L.A., is again to thc fore on thc cheap transit question. His former great scheme of "low cost railways" degenerated on bis election to Parliament into a project for a line from South Brisbane to thc Logan, which could not possibly be cheap in construction or profitable when made. He now proposes to furnish the metropolis with tramways worked by horse power, and with that object has associated himself With Mr. J, H. Royce, of the Fairlie Engine Com- pany, whose locomotives, it will be remem- bered, are not appreciated by Tiafüc-managers in Queensland, although declared by those manufacturers to surpass any other locomo- tive in the world. Mr. Mackay is an excellent theorist. Ho hag filled thc colony with Yankee notions-through tho Press-but has entirely failed to commend them to the daily use of practical men. Nor do we think the present scheme will be more successful. The horse- tram is a relic of a byegone age, and the metropolitan aldermen dc not appear inclined to adopt it, although recommended to them by such high authori- ties as Mackay, Royce, and Cb. The unquali- fied success of " Stephenson's steam motor " in Sydney cannot be unknown to the Brisbane civic authorities ; indeed, we learn from last lliursday'sCoiei-terthatitsadvantagcsIiavebeeri brought prominently before themby competitors with Mesara. Mackay «nd-Boyeo.' By-ttl«. way, would it not be possible to introduce the Stephenson Motor into Rockhampton ? It cosh only £800, emits no sinoke» makes no noise, and does not frighten any but the " miall ' horse. There is no town in Australia so ¿veil suited for a steam tramway as Rockhampton is, and thc trifling cost of working tho motoi enables it to drive all other conveyances or thc road, because it not only gives cheat transit, but both safety and comfort. If ir this exhausting climate a tramway would enable us to travel quickly from end to end ó! East-street for a penny, wc say by all meant let the tramway bo constructed without delay, FBOM the Courier we 'gather the followinj particulars of the preliminary meeting, oon vened by Dr. O'Doherty, M.L.C., of friend! willing to co-operate in raising a fund for thc relief of the existing distress in Ireland, and tc avert the impending famine. There was s large attcudance, including three members ol the Ministry, the Speaker of thc Legislative Assembly, and several members of bgtli Houses of Parliament. The Hon. H. E. King, having boen voted to thc chair, briefly intro- duced the business of the meeting, and called upou Dr. O'Doherty, who, after explaining thc preliminary steps which had been taken, said he wished to impress upon all present that thc action they were about to take should be removed from thc slightest suspicion ol being connected withauy political or party ques- tion. Ho was happy to know that in Queens, land the distress amongst thc Irish people was as much regretted by Englishmen and Scotchmen as by Irish colonists, and ho bad the best reason to believe that all classes in the colony would como forward cheerfully to help tho suffering people in Ireland, who were already on tho verge of starvation, and who were threatened with a famino as frightful as that of 1817. Thc speaker said that assurances had been received from Bishops O'Quinn aud Hale, who were unable to bc present, sympathising with the movement and offering their hearty assistance. Letten were also received from His Excellency and Mr. Palmer, assuring the Doctor of their sup- port. Mr. Palmer recommended the appoint- ment of a committee. It was proposed by the Hon. J. Mullen, M.U.C., seconded by Majoi Moore, and carried:-"That a committee bc formed, as suggested in thc letter of the Hon. A. H. Palmer, to make arrangements to hold a public meeting." Proposed by the Hon. K. I. O'Doherty, M.L.C., seconded by Mr. W. O'Carroll, and carried :-" That thc following, with power to add to their number, be a general committee to act os thc Irish llclief Fund Committee : His Excellency Sir Arthur Kennedy, His Lordship Right Rev. Dr. Hale, His Lord ship Right Rev. Dr. O'Quinn, Hon. A. H. Palmer, Hon. H. E. King, Hon. J. M. Macrossan, Hon. C. H. Buzacott, Hon, P. Perkins, Hon. R. Pring, Hon. J. R. Dickson, Hon. C. S. Mein, Hon. J. Mullen, Hon. K. I. O'Doherty, His Worship thc Mayor of Brisbane, and many other leading colonists. Messrs. Ü. P. Cleary, Richard Ryan, and J. Flood, at thc request of the meeting, con- sented to actns bon. secretaries. A subscription list was then opened, nnd £210 subscribed in thc ronni. Messrs. .1. M. Macrossan, M.L.A., C. H. Buzacott, M.b.C, and J. Mullen, M.L.O., were appointed treasurers to thc fund, lt was resolved (to give confidence to subscribers) that all moneys subscribed should be placed to the credit of the three hon. trea- surers in one of the Brisbane banks, to be drawn out by the signatures of not less than two of their number. lit the Supreme Court, ia Chambers, Brig-, bane, on Thursday last, before bis Honor tbe Chief Justice, in the insolvent estate of Yat Loy and Co., of Clermont, on the application of Mr. Brown (Hees II. Jones and Brown), an order was made for thc release of thc trustee, Carl Harden. WE beg to call attention to the large sale of unreserved mixed cattle to be sold to-day, at the Gracemere Show Yards, after the arrival of the train, by Dibdin and Cum- mins. Now that there is every prospect of the Lake's Creek Works going ahead, and consequently a certain risc in cattle, a better opportunity could not be offered to speculators and others to replenish or fully stock their herds, than the present. ADV. THE P. and 0. Company's E.M.S. Siam, carrying the English mails by the Suez route, to thc date pf' November 21, via Brindisi, arrived at Melbourne on Monday week. Thc Queensland portion of the mails were expected to arrive in Brisbane on Sunday afternoon' by the Elamang, steamer, and those for Rock- hampton would probably come forward in the Governor Blackall, s.s., due herc next Friday. THE barque Scottish Knight (M'llwraith, M'Eacharn, and Co.'s line), 875 tons, Captain C. Lawson, cleared at the Customs yesterday, with a large cargo, comprising 30G7 bales of wool, 91 tons tallow, 8 tons copper, 302 bides, and a quantity of horns and sundries. The I barque commenced stowing her cargo at the I end of September, and has therefore met with dispatch. Yesterday afternoon the passengers and luggage embarked on board the steamer Polly, which conveyed them to the Scottish Knight, now lying anchored off Sea Hill. A number of the intimate friends of Mr. Thomas Archer and his family, who are passengers by the barque, assembled on the wharf, -to bid them bon voyage, and as the Polly cast ¿ff from her berth the usual farewell exchanges were indulged in. TUE people of Mackay are sorely exercised on the subject of harbour accommodation. They allege that every ton of sugar they pro- duce or coal they import is handicapped by a charge of ten shillings through the disadvan- tages of a bad port. So they want a good port formed, whioh Mr. Nisbet seems to be very cautious in naming the cost of. In any case it would involve a breakwater at Flat-top, which, would certainly cost' £100,000, and might absorb double that sum. Then, a deep channel from Flat-top to the town, or a tram- way over both, land and . water, either of which would cost a sum between £60,000 and £100,000 to complete. In tact, £200,000 would be a.very moderate sum to name as the cost of the proposed artificial harbour. This sum at 5 per cent would mean a per- manent charge of £10,000 a-year. Now, the : Mackay district, although very rich, is but small. Its crop of sugar is estimated this year at 8000 tons. Assuming the imports to reach 4000 toss, therefore, we have fa total tonnage of 12,000 tons, which is handicapped .by an additional 10s, per ton freight, Which means that while the artificial har- bour would involve an annual charge of £10,000, the charge, upon trade it is intended to remove only amounts to £6000 a year. So the country would have to pay to Mackay £4000 a-year, and receive nothing appreciable iu return. Besides the artificial harbour scheme is a purely speculative one : the failures of such attempts in the mother country being just as frequent as the successes. Perhaps while tho Mackay sugar-growers are netting handsome profits they will kindly not press their claim for an artificial harbour. Thc other producing interests of the colony cannot afford it, while increased taxation looms in the distancé. IGNORANCE AND PROFANITY.-The Forbes Times contains tho following :- "A gentleman who came up from the Lower Lachlan by coach a day or two ago, informs us that a mongst the passengers was a young man, 22 yeRrs of age, who was constantly making use of the most blasphemous language, very much to the annoyance of bis fellow travellers. Upon being reproved and questioned as to why bc made use of such terms so irreverently he seemed surprised, and ultimately admitted that he only knew thc words 'God,' 'Jesus Christ,' * Holy Ghost,' os terms too commonly used in profane swearing. He did not know who made him, had not the remotest idea of a Supreme being, and in fact evinced the darkest ignorance on all such matters. TIN-MINING REVIVING.-The increased value of tin (says the Courier) is bringing about a revival of that industry in the established tin districts. More attention is also being given to other localities known or supposed to contain tin. Towards the older districts numbers of men, set free by the con- clusion of the wool washing season, and also by the closing of the sugar-mills, are wending their way. The general intention of parties met on the road going towards Stanthorpe seems to be taken up land known to contain tin, and to work it on the tribute system. Amongst the new places to which attention is being given for mining purposes in the Crow's Nest district. Several selections in that vicinity have been taken up recently at the Helidon Land office. The selections in question are supposed to contain tin, copper, or other minerals of sufficient value to pay for working. In this connection we may say that we regret to learn that the Helidon Land Office was to be closed from thc commence- ment of the year. Looking to the extent of unalienated country connected with the district, it seems unwise to close the office at present. A SINGULAR CASE OF DROWNING.-The Courier reports that a girl named Louisa Whelan, who for some tune back had been living with ber sisters where she was goine. About one o'clock in thc afternoon she was seen by two little boys, named Philip Lap worth and S. Erringtouinec, sitting behind a tree on thc river bank on the Milton-road. About half-aii-hour afterwards a mau named W. Murphin, who was coming into town from Toowong, passed the place and observed a girl sitting there ; she looked at him intently as he passed. When he had got about fifty yards further he heard a loud «cream and a splash in the river. He immediately turned round and found that the girl had dis- appeared. He then, accompanied by a man named Edward Smith, who was riding past at thc time and also heard the scream and splosh in the water, went to the spot where he had seen thc girl sitting. When they reached thc river bank they saw a woman's hat floating on thc water at thc edge of thc mangroves, and an umbrella and a small leather bag lying on thc edge of the bank where thc unfortunate girl had been sitting. They could see nothing of thc girl, and took thc articles to thc Adelaide-street police-station, where they reported the matter. Ou examining thc bag nt thc station a testimonial was found, which reads as follows :-" Brisbane, .limo 7, 1ST'.'. I hereby certify that Lousia Whelan has been j in my service tor over three months, during | which time she has proved herself to bc an i honest, respectable, and industrious girl. Signed,-Mrs T. Prussong." Thc bas, I umbrella, and but, together with thc almvu I certificate, have been identified ns Louisa Whelan's by her two brothere-iu-law. Thc {Milice havebeeBjdragging for the body, but ap to a Ute houriin the night of the 22nd instant their effort« were unsuccessful." AN OUTLET FOE FAT CATTLE.-Amongst other effects of the prosperity flowing in upon South Australia from her wheatfield*, is an in- creased demand for cattle from Queensland and horses from Victoria. It is not only in thc Adelaide market that the many mobs of Queensland cattle driven to the Southern colony ¿ind an outlet : there ia an active de- mand for them in the markets of the smaller towns and in the new farming areas. Some little excitement was aroused a few weeks since by the discovery of pleuro in cattle from this colony, but, with that exception, the cattle have an excellent reputation. -Thoy get there in very fair condition, and realise pretty food prices. The horses from Victoria araN^ otb by sea and by land. They are largel^^y thc draft types, and sell, mostly for farm f;-, \ poses, at heavy rates in comparison with those ruling in Victoria And New ijonth Wales. So rapid is the extension of agriculture in South Australia, and so decidedly is capacity for grain growing combined with sheep farming , developing itself, that there is every likelihood of the demand for horses fit for farmers' And for contractors' purposes continuing for an in- definite time, while the demand for cattle is likely to increase with the inorease of popula- tion.-Courier. Tire LADOUR MARKET IMPROVING.-After a lengthened period of commercial and indus-., trial depression, it is most gratifying to know that the present state of the labor market in- dicates a marked improvement. We (Courier) notice that the contractor for the second section Gympie and Maryborough Railway advertises in the local journals for 600 men ; and we learn from reliable sources that the contractors have employment for a large number of laborers on that line, and that tue contractors for the Townsville and Charters Towers line also require 100 additional men. The first immigrant' vessel to arrive from England is not due until about the middle of ' February, and it is stated that ber passengers being nominee immigrants, they will, on their arrival, go to the friends who have been instru- mental in bringing them to the colony. Their advent, therefore, will not appreciably affect the labor market, aud before long we trust to be in a .position to say that a resumption of immigration on an extensive scale is neodfnl to the ¡abor requirements- of Queensland.. - Tim SUMMER SHOW IN ArtjaBANE.-The work of preparation for the sumcief show of the National Association ia progressing. The flower show promises (says the,Courier) to be by far the finest ever seen in Queensland. The collection from the 'Botanic and Aoelinù- ?' tisation Society's Gardens Will , of themselves form a grand show, and in addition to the Erevious exhibitors, several new competitors, otb professional and amateur, will this year enter the arena. ' Unless much of the fruit has been destroyed by recent storms, the show of fruit also promises to eclipse ali previous exhibition« here. The work of preparing the building for the concert is now going on. The platform is being erected in the north- east end of 'the main building, and is mueh better situated for sound than .'tinder the .dome. Seat accommodation is being provided for over 700, SOO of those will be reserved seats, and the back seat accommodation can be extended ad. lib. The principal feature of the concert ' will be Haydn s " Seasons,/ always a favorite with concert-goers j - and Mr.'' Brauton Stephens' " Australian Anthem," re-arranged and published by Mr. Jefferie* itt London, will also form an item of the programme. In order to strengthen the orchestra, a number of the principal professionals will be engaged for the occasion. . . ESCAPE OP A PRISONER.-In reference to the prisoner who jumped overboard and es- caped from the steamer Derwent on the passage from Maryborough to Brisbane, the Courier says :-Early on Thursday morning 1st instant, as the Derwent, e., was steaming up the-river from Maryborough, a prisoner named Byrne escapod. Byrne nad been com- mitted for trial at thc next assizes on a charge of horse-stealing, and was being escorted by a constable, named Moran, to the Brisbane Gaol. Shortly after the steamer had "entered the river Byrne requested Moran to allow him to co rin.declc.flajring-tliat.he-fejt ooaeiok. The constable complied with the request, «nd re- moved the prisoner's handcuffs, bnt did not. accompany him oh deck. Soon after this some of the crew heard à splash, but owing to the darkness could Bee nothing. Suspicion was entertained by some that the splash was caused by the prisoner making h¡B escape, and Moran was immediately called on deck, when a search for the prisoner was made, but with- out success. It then became evident that Byrne, who is a good swimmer, had made his escape and got ashore, it is believed on the Lytton side. Constable Moran, who stated that lie was seasick at the time he allowed the prisoner to go on deck, bas been dismissed from the force. Byrne is a young man and well known, and will probably be -recaptured before long. ' ANOTHER STORM AT ROMA.-The most frightful thunderstorm ever experienced in the district of Roma (says the Star) occurred about half-past six o'clock on Saturday evening, (27th) and the wonder is general that some serious calamity did not happen as the result of it. Throughout the afternoon clouds had been gathering in a westerly, direction, and aa the heat WEB well nigh unbearable throughout the whole of the two previous days, it was fully expected that the day would not pass without a little stormy weather. It was, however, scarcely anticipated that it would burst upon us with such terrific force as it did, and we venture to believe that even tho stoutest heart felt inclined to quail when it was at its highest pitch. The wind caused a perfect cloud of dust to ascend, and when the rain came it was impossible for two people to recognise one another at half-a- dozen yards. What waa worse, nearly all thc lights in private dwellings, and many of our places of business were extinguished by the wind, and as water poured in through every crevice of every department which did not chance to be watertight, it will be easily imagined what a gloomy state of things prevailed while the storm lasted. Still, with all its severity, we are happy to say we have no casualty of a personal nature to chronicle, though in other respects we might fill a good part of a column in detailing aU the small mishaps that occurred to the household property, Icc. Several private houses were partially unroofed, fences knocked down, chimneys thrown out of the perpendicular, while in one or two cases we know of the good things which liad been prepared for the Christmas Sunday's dinner were almost completely destroyed. On Hospital Hill and along the Surat road immense trees were lifted clean up by tho roots and carried away a distance of several yards ; while in thc vineyards all around the town very considerable injury was done, many of thc young trees being wrenched out of the ground, while others appeared to have been subjected to similar treatment bot suffered slightly less from the operation. Altogether wc never remember having witnessed a storm of such excessive severity, and if it had not been for the shortness of its duration we arc disposed to think that it would have left sonio sad traces behind it. From our exchanges we gather that Roma district was not the only place visited, but that even in the metropolis its effects were more or less felt. IT is reported that thc police intend to take proceedings against those who were concerned in getting up a big sMTc*qi in connection with the Victorian Champion Race, on New Yeal ' Day. AT thc Stawell fête (Victoria) on New Year's Pay a man named (lough challenged another man named Murphy tb fight him. (iougb, during thc encounter, received a blow in thc region of the heart and dropped dead. A TKi.rj.-RASI has been received in Adelaide from Port Darwin statins that thc natives had murdered Mr. T. H. Wingfield ou Choker Island, where the deceased was engaged trc l«mg fishing. Thc natives came npon Mr. Wingfield while asleep, and split his skull witli a tomahawk. It is supposed that his re- fusal to give them grog was thc cause. 