MR. MATTHEW DAWSON AT HEATH HOUSE. The death is announced to-day, by telegraph, of Mr. Matthew Dawson, the well- know trainer. The following sketch of Mr. Dawson from the columns of the World will be read with interest:— Tbe scene is at Newmarket, celebrated for sausages and horse-racing. A quarter of a century ago the great representative trainer of racehorses dwelt afar from the historic Heath. While John Scott abode at Mai ton the thoughts of owners, backers, and bookmakers, and the spyglasses of innumerable touts were directed towards Langton Wold. White wall was a show place of which Yorkshiremen — horsiest of mortals—were justly proud. The Leger was almost farmed by the Great Northern stable, which counted amongst its supporters the late Lord Derby, Mr. Bowes, and the present Lord Falmouth, what time he rejoiced in the nam, de courses of Mr. E. T. Valentine. All this is changed. The glory of the turf has faded from Langton Wold and settled upon Newmarket. In the year when Bed Eagle won the Cambridgeshire there were not 200 horses at Newmarket. Now there are few short of 1,000. By degrees trainers have harked back to the ancient metropolis of the turf, where light-hearted Tom DUrfey Bang his song before the Merry Monarch. From the Berkshire Downs came hither a few years ago Mr. Matthew—called by his friends and admirers ' Mat'—Dawson, on whom the mantle of John Scott may fairly be said to have fallen. A thick-set active man of gome five-and-fifty summers greets us heartily as we step into his sanctum at Heath House. His rosy features — of that particular -tint which can only be acquired by the constant contemplation of horse-flesh—are surrounded by a fringe of whiskers; his still abundant locks are but slightly touched with grey. There is, bating the peculiar and otherwise indescribable hue already referred to, nothing of a sporting character in the appearance of Matthew Dawson. His make-up is of tbe severe— almost clerical—order, and his demeanour. «nd conversation are singularly free from any trace of the stable. He is one of the most {genial of Scots, but a strenuous worker withal, equal not only to the task of training an immense stud of horses, but of entering them, jndicionsly for forthcoming events, no light task, be it remembered; for if a brilliant young one be not engaged deeply enough he may be almost valueless, whereas if one wh foils to fulfil his yearling promise be heavily engaged bis perpetual forfeits wear bis hapless owner to the bone. The thankless task of selecting the distanoes and particular courses over which a horse is suited by his conformation to run well occupies much anxious thought, and the contemplation of a string of those things of beauty—yearling thoroughbreds —is anything but a joy for ever to the man whose reputation is staked on their career. If there is nothing indicative of the stable mind in the appearance and manner of the Blaster of Heath House, there are plenty of signs of it in his surroundings. A bookcase reveals a regiment of Racing Calendars and other volumes proper to the "sport of kings," but is not entirely occupied by . them, for Matthew Dawson, lane to his nationality, does not confine his reading to a professional groove. The walls of the pleasant roam, looking onto a lawn as smooth as a Milliard-table, are hu£g with portraits of equine celebrities—highmettled racers of stainless pedigree, whose glory is enshrined for ever in the studbook. First of these in antiquity,. as in :xenpwn,'isi Eclipse. The picture is by Stubbs, and qgrees in general features with' the portrait by Sartorius, in which poor Fred. Yerrall, that prince of handicappers, took so much pride. There is the famous white-footed, white-faced chesnot, foaled in a year of eclipse, and destined to distance whole fields of horses and win a fortune fpr his owner, the notorious O'Kelly, who, risen from the rank of a chairman, lived to was wroth because he was "not admitted into the eacred circle of the Jockey Club. Tbe son of Marske is not a pretty horse to the eye, but there is a game, resolute look about his rather coarse head, lines of vigour in his remarkable forehead, atld unmistakable.^)topelling power in his .ragged hips. Tn Mr. Dawson's picture tbe horse is saddled almost on the withers,,and the jockey in the scarlet-and-black cap, since adopted by Mr. Cartwright, is hurrying to mofQrb with a gay and confident look, widely jliSfiilJg from the b?S glance'now in fashion. Ovgr the fireplace hangs a hardly less celebrated. animal—Alice Hawthorn, \- the dam of Thormanbv, winner of the Derby, and One of the household gods of the Dawsons. Of the famous' chesnUtThormanby —the honest son of Windbound—mere are memorials in plenty. On one side hangs bis portrait in oils; on tte other stands a statuette of him in silver; and a magnificent whisk is made out of the tail—curiously decked with, the whalebone white hairs—which he showed to tbe Wizard as they shot past the post for the Derby. Never was - a more exciting race than that run on the d3y that Albert Smith died. Three horses were backed for enormous sums, and it was difficult to say which was favourite for money at the finish. The American horse Umpire had many followers; all York- j shire plunged on the Wizard, fend tlie partisans of the yellow jacket—the original Westminster colours, temporarily tome by Mr. Merrystaked heavily on Thormanby. The Wizard was trained by old John Scott, named after hlim; and bad besides the prestige which, always attaches to the winner of the Two Thousand Guineas, while Thormanby had only his twoyear-old reputation and the opinion of Matthew Dawson to support him. It is true that out of thirteen two-year-old races he had won nine, but three-year-old form is more taking to the general public. Thormanby's trainer had good cause for his confidence. Cape Flyaway, from Whitewall, and Northern Light, from. Bussley, had run a severe race, finishing so close; together that their form might almost be considered identical. It was known and publicly stated that the Wizard was a stone better than Cape Flyaway; but it was ODly after a regular, trial with jockeys up at Bussley that Matthew Daws in knew his horse was twenty-one pounds better than Northern Light. Mr. Merry then backed his representative for a great stake at abort odds, and is said to have won nearly £100,000. But it was a nearer thing than the decision of the Judge indicated, for only fortyeight hours after the race Thormanby suffered from an atta:k of strangles, from' which be . never thoroughly recovered during the season. \- He made a poor fight for the famous Leger in which St. Albans romped home; but a grand «how in the Ascot Cup next year. Above the picture of Alice Hawthorn : is JSiaijgcraft, a Derby winner, with his o wner. Lord Falmouth, standing by bis side, a gift from His Lordship to his trainer. Kingcratt, who during nis career on the turf was the best abused horse . of his time, was hardly as good as he was handsome, although he did win the Derby from a podrifield of horses. Next comes a capital rpor- • trait, of Tom Aldcroft,' in the French-grey jaicket and red cap of Admiral fiatcourt, mounted on Ellington, a horse trained, by. Tom Dawson at Middlebam, and the winner of oiie of "the most' IseUeational Derbies on-rerord. To thisd^y may be-fouhd serious men" wfio assert that several^ •pounds of mercury, concealed in a whip weighed in and out with, but not carried in the race, made the great event a certainty, and hint darkly that Caractacus owed his success to a device of a somewhat similar bind ; but these stories, like that of the man who saw the clock over the Wellington Club with the W covered by the hands, and accepted tbe tip, belong rather to the romance than the reality of the racecourse. . . Discoursing pleasantly of turf history and turf legend, the trainer of Thormanby J&nd; Kingcraft, Dundee nnd Buckstone* ;6pinaway, . Oamballo, and Lioness points witfa nisi gold double ieyeglass to a magnificent portrait of Old Fisherman after his retirement from racing, and to another of Wild Dayrell, one 1 of the greatest horses of modern days. Between these is the' gallint black—almost blue black—Sauuterer, sometime the properly of Jock o' Fairfield, from whom he passed to Mr. Merry, who won with him the historical Goodwood Cup, followed by the sudden death of a popular nobleman under circnmstanoes which caused much painful' remark. It was during his connection with Matthew Dawson that Mr. Merry achieved those victories which made the boy in yellow the guardian angel of backers and the despair of the ring. Born of true racing stock— a son of old George Dawson, who trained at Gullane, in Haddingtonshire— young Matthew had already made his mark. Whilst the elder of the four brothers now training, Tom Dawson, of Thorngill, Middleham, was winning the Leger with Blue Bonnet, Matthew was training the home stud at Eglinton, whence he returned to Gullane to train Era* the winner of the Northumberland Plate and the Liverpool Cup. He next trained for Lord John Scott, a famous all-round sportsman of the best and highest type, winning the Oaks with Catharine Hayes, the Metropolitan with Cannobie, many races with the Reiver, and the two-year-old engagements of the famous Hobbie Noble, who, with some other good horses—notably Stockwell, the prince of sires—wss incomprehensibly beaten in the Derby of 18-52 by the pony Daniel O'Bourke. It was a lucky stroke of business for Lord John Scott to get six thousand five hundred guineas for Hobbie Noble after the July MeetiDg of 1851, and Mr. Merry, who bought him, acquired the honour of having paid more for a two-year-old than had ever been paid in the history of tbe turf. Mr. Dawson sets particular store hv a relic of this period of his career— an inkstand in the form of a duck, life sizp, in oxidized silver, piesented to him bv Lord John Scott on winning the Black Duck Stakes at the; York Summer Meetirg of 1851 Esmbling Katie. Tins costly produce s'ake owes its name to tbe White Swan Hotel at York, where it was iiistitnted by Lord Glasgow, I ord Johc Sco*t. and « few other gentlemeD, wt.o did not rLiik 1.C0"! vereigns—290 forie"*— "co ir^Evj a e:ate vts'tr- cn 's scinaals i The Heath House establishment was originally built, we believe, by Lord Stamford for Joseph Dawson, but ultimately came into the hands of his brother. Having been made on purpose, it is everything that a great training establishment should be. Looking over the nice patch of training-ground, called for some incomprehensible reason the " Severals," towards the abode of Judge Clark at Fairstead, Heath House is handy to the Bury Hill. At the rear of the tree-embowered dwelling is a quadrangle of stables, all well appointed, spick and span, and silent as the grave. There is a hardly perceptible bustle as the horses return from exercise, but silence is the order of the day. The long strings of terribly high-bred cattle glide out of the stable on to the Severals and Bury Hill noiselessly as sheeted ghosts. Face and direction are indicated by a wave of the hat or a movement of the hand. All fall into position in mechanical regularity. Even the yearlings seem impressed with a sense of coming dignity, and move gravely, as if they knew how much money they are destined to carry. At afternoon time the horses ef name and fame, the cynosure of touts, the hope of backers, the dread of the ring, are quietly bestowed in the stable, their work having been done at an early hour soon after sunrise, in fact, but not too] early for the | keen eyes, which can recognise any animal trained at Newmarket through the thickest of clothing, and nabe a Bhrewd guess at his condition besides. Touting must be a profitable pursuit if, as we are told, the head of the profession at Newmarket makes £1,000 a year. The trainers at head-quarters appear to entertain far less horror of the indigenous tout than of the army of horse • watchers who invade the town just before a great race. These outsiders are a sore trial and a vexation, from their rough manners and objectionable intrusiveness. Almost as exasperating are the persons who, without the slightest claim to the confidence of a trainer, pelt him with letters, - of which the following, received just before the race, for the Middle Park Plate, is a fair sample:—" Fj-om of to Mr. M. Dawson, Newmarket. Dear Sir—Tou will excuse me taking the liberty of writing to you. I should feel exceedingly obliged if you would let me know if you are going to win with Lord Falmouth's filly. I am, Sir, yours truly From the period of his pleasant connection with Lord John Scott until now, Matthew Dawson has ever eschewed fanciful theories and o hard-and-fsBt rules of training. It was said of the two famous trainers of his early years— John Scott and old John Day—that the former always leant towards flesh, preferring to run his horses a little above themselves, while John Day would insut on galloping them till the* last ounce of superfluous fat wss removed. Matthew . Dawson _ .mfiy_ be _ designated an eclectic trainer, fully recognising the value of each of tbe older systems in particular cases, but viewing every horse under his care as a patient requiring specisl treatment according to his individual constitution. It is unnecessary to tell 'any lover of -animals that every dog and every horse has his peculiarities of constitution and temper. Old Thunder, for instance, " all game end bottom" in the actual race, was one of the most nervous animals at exercise. .When walking : with tbe rest of the string-he would fret himself mto so profuse a lather that it was found impossible to keep any flesh on his bones.. Removed bom companionship lie displayed no trace of irritation, but took to his work as kindly as to his com. '&s.w;$>s§pnter through the stables on a warm afternoon the cats (without which no racing establishment would be complete) sit blinking their jejes at the sun, looking as wise as only owls' and cats can look, and the calm of the place. ^Becomes if possible more intense than ever. On Sunday, perhaps, a lower deep of stillness is reached. It is only broken in the evening, when Mrs. Dawson, who takes great ptide in her regiment of tiny apprentices, reads evening service, and the boys lift up their voices and sing with a vigour and accuracy which speak well for the skill of their teacher and the soundness of their lungs. 