LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. We have heard nothing fresh about the " ghost," which it was alleged hannted our local railway station. Probably it could not at ?id fire in this world whatever may be its faie in the other. laewhere -will be eeea a notice ealling -applications for, secretary 'to local agrieul. tural society. Parliament resumed for despatch of busi nees on Tuesday last, after the Ministerial elections. The Temorarush is iattracting people, so are the Reedy Creek iquartz reefs;" and Strath Creek, near the latter place, is cqming to the front. On Thursday last, at the Kilmore Police Court, before Mr. Wyatt, P.M. and Mr. Hunt, J.P.. two young men named Frederick Wake and Wmin. Antony were brought up on remand charged with having portion of a stolen sheep in their possession n al discharged, the evidence not being deemed sufficiently conclusive to convict. What about the unemployed now? No less ten contracts.are advertised byjthe Kil more Shire Council for 'Monday; next where the money is to come from is another question. The Dry Creek Bridge is almost com 'pleted, and appears a sound structure, re flecting credit upon the designer and the contractor. A quarterly meeting of the H.A.O.B Society will be held this evening. On Saturday Mr. Osborn, auctioneer, will sell, at Royal Oak, a farm at Sugarloaf. A long list of contracts will be let next. Monday by the Kilmore Shire Council. " A ratepayer'e" letter in last issue has opened the eyes of many in the Wallan Wallan district. Mr. W. J. Luidaey announces by ad vertisement that he has embarked in busi ness in the Criterion stores, formerly con ducted by the late Mr. D. J. Kennedy. Mr. Lundey seems determined to do business on a sound basis. We are pleased to notice that Mr. Geo. Whiting, J.P., of Alexandra, was made the recipient of an illuminated address last week, expressive of the many publio ser vices he had rendered the district. Mr. E. Kelly, J.P., of 'Darlingford,: occupied the chair, ad 'an agreeable evening was' spent at the banquet in conneotion with the affair, given at Baker's tHotel. The treasurer ofd'the Kilmore hospital bogs to acknowledge with thanks receipt of the following sums:-Paying patient Cus seas £6; collected by i. Bassett, Glover and Edwards £2 Os 6d; D. Fergusson, Li; R. Bassett and S. Lade 10s 6d. each; J. Forbes, and a friend 10s each ; r. M'Conchie 6s; Messrs, Gooch, Nolan, Condon, Fitz gerald, Grey, Stevens, Munro, Cohen, Carver, Doherty, O. Doherty, A, Besant, E. Carver, Richards, Mrs. Evans. and Mrs. Collins 5s. each; G. M'Lellan, 4s; J. Pattison and Mrs. Brady 8s each; J. M'Gillivray, E. M'Phew,. L.Peterson 2s 6d each; a friend 2s; do Is. .6d. Proceeds of Concert at Longwood, pro A. Hamilton, £9 12s. 6d. Death has been exceedingly busy amongst us of late. On Thursday night last Mrs. L. Kelly, the oldest resident of Kilbore died, after being confined to her bed for some months.' Mrs.Kellyindays gone by,and when doctors were scarce, rendered good service in midwifery, and' up till very recedily many ladies preferred the presence of the genial old lady who has now gone to her long home Sto thot of our most skilful accoucheur. Mrs. IKolly,who was 85 years of age at her death, came to Kilmore in 1889 when Kilmore had not a htiise, andspent her first night in a camp on the creek bank. Her funeral, which took place on Saturday last, was well attnde1 and the remains were interred in the Kinore cemetery. i We have been informed that a mining lease has been pegged out at Glenaroua, we have seen the prospects and think they are good, we hope to hear something further on this ore long. At a public meeting. of residents of Kil mtore, held at the Council chlanbdrs' on' Monday evening, the president of the 'shire (Mr. Thos. Bossence J.P.,) in the chair. JIt was unanimously--decided that a petition .be presented to the Hon. the Chief Seoretary protesting against the renie'val of Inspector Baber. To-day (Thursday) the local footballers pay a visit to Hawthorne to try conclusions with that club. We understand that Messrs. Wm. Adam son and Co., who purpose establibbhing a market in Kilmore, are meeting with every encouragement, and that they have received assarances from the grease butchers and produce dealers in Melbourne that they will attend the sales. We would recommend farmers, dairymen and others, who have goods to dispose of to place themse'ves in econnection with the firm named as speedily as possible in order that they may be able to advise probable buyers as' to wphat class of goods are likely to be offered. :Thefirst sale takes place on the 18th instant, and it'be hoves everybody in the community to .assist and encourage the irm named in their efforts to meet the growing re'quireinents of the place by establishing.a.Ionthly market. The spring seems cload ait hand{;although we learn that in many parts of the country there has been hut 'little. rain during~ the 'winter nsontihe.' In this' district, however, we have had sufficient moisture, and the crops are looking green and healthy, there being no cereals sown in the neighborhood this year. than there has-been for the past fifteen years. ~' ThelCoalcliff miners are'going on Monday, to work irrespective of price pending' -ar bitration. The Bulls Company-have refused arbitration, and the men -are. consequently appealing to trades'" unions. :There is no prospect of a settlement of the Mount Pleasant diffioulty. The;Mount,Jira colliery is working constantly. , : The House toward of: the Kilmore lHospital re ports for the week ending slt 9eptember 1880 :-Ad mittled since last week, 2; discharged, 4; died, 0; Remaining in hospital;, 11 males and 2 females. The assembling of parliament on Tuesday was chiefly remarkable for the large attendance of mem bers.. The speaker took the chair at half past four and the formal business of the session was inaugur ated by members tabling a large number .of notices of motion and question. The business of the House was of a purely formal character. The following applications for licenses are g~. zetted approved:-Christina Cowain. 20a, Gobur; Hans Rice, 311a, Ghin Ghin; Samuel Brace, 94a, Windham; James Evans, a16a, Flowerdale; Kesran Kelly,4 a;' Eildan; Alfred Pridham, 83a, Flower dale. The following applications for leases are gazetted approved:-Philip Farrel, 60a, Glenaroua; Andrew Fogarty, 40a, Broadford; Mary Flynn, 100l , Glen burnie; 1Mary Flynn, 75a, Glenburnie; John John stone, 20a, Mangaloxe ; John MaeLachlan, 20a, AI angalore. 