DISCOURAGING A YOOTH. A citizen whose best weightcever exceeds 120 pounds was the other day buying a couple of hens of a fanner on the market, and before the bargain was concluded the two became quite friendly, and the farmer said be had something on bis mind to communicate.. One of his boys had a desire tor theatricals and was desirous of becom ing an actor. The idea was so strong in him that he had become worthless around the farm, and the father was in a peck of trouble to know how to turn the boy's attention from the footlights to the plough-handle. ' S'pose I send him to you, and s'pose you make fun and ridicule him and let him see how foolish it « t ' xnamteA the father, and the citizen agreed. As a result of their planning the boy walked into the citizen's place of business, on. Congress-street east, next morning. The father bad called him a boy, but ha weighed about 160 pounds, stood nearly six feet high, and had » pair of hands as large as a chromo of the Yosemite Valley. Hit arrival was expected, and after a few words about the weather the citizen queried : 'So you think you would make an actor, eht' ' Yes, I kinder think so,' was the reply. ' What line wonld yon take?' ' Well, I kinder like tragedy.' '?Tragedy! Why, you couldn't succeed in tragedy ! Look at your hands 1 Look at those feet ! Remember your voice ! You'd be hissed off the stage. Don't never think of tragedy,' ' How would I do in a drama ! ' assed the boy. ' Not at all, in the first place yonr ears are too large. Then your heels stick ont too far. Then your hands would bide half the other actors. Don't try the drama, for you will be a dead failure.' ' Could I do anything in comedy ! ' ' Not a thing. The sight of you in comedy would be the same as the sight of a oeane on the stage. All the facial expression you have is behind the eaie.' ' I have thought some of being a nigger minstrel,' observed the boy, after a long silence. 'That's the wont ?fall. I tell you, boy, you'd better stick to the farm. You are not cut out for an actor, and you want to drop the idea.' ' Couldn't I act as usher ! ' ' No, sir ; yoa ore too stiff in the knees.' ' Couldn't I take tickets!' 'Never. Your hands are too big for that work.' ' Couldn't I shift scenes !' *«No. You are too big and unwieldy.' There was a long and painful alienee. Then the boy rose up and 6aid: 'Well, I'm bound to go into theatricals. If I can't be anything else I'll be the feller that stands at the door to raise a row, and I'll begin on you! Come otw here!' He hauled the adviser over the table, clutched him l-y the small of the back and spun him around, dammed him against the wall, and dropped him to get a better hold. When the curtain rose on the next act there was a strictly private conversation going on between Hamlet and the ghost, and the ghost's coat was lipped np at the back and his collar torn open. Then Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice: 'Caitiff! do you declare that I cannot act!** Then the ghost dodged round the table and replied : ' No, I don't ! You are all right— you are a splendid actor— you cam't help but win ! ' ' And you'll tell me father so ! *? 'I will— you bet I will ! ' 'If you don't— ! ' Here Hamlet took three steps forward, two back; scowled bis fiercest, and the gnost jumped behind the stove and vowed that he'd even pay 50 dollars for a private box on the night of the debit. ' 'Tis well! ' said Ham let, and he went over on the market to tee if he could cell three pecks of onion eet* for cash down. ?S4 