TILI:. I'LANIINO -- Itoferrllig to EL lctter' L~igond AvOnuIC, whliCh aPPeaRedi iii a rocout issuio bfthe Melbourne Argus, that paper obsorveos:-It appears to us that the remarks offered by our correspondent with regard to sunndy matters connected with street-plant ing are timely and worthy of attentive consideration. There can be no doubt, we think, that his dictum to the effect tllhat "no avenue should have more than one kind of tree, as variety spoils the offect," is thoroughly sound. An avenue is a thing sui.qgenoris. It is not intended as a plantation to display a variety of trees, but rathler as the sliade of one description "long drawn out." Its component parts should therefore be ai neaorly, as possible of one size and foliage, so that there may be nothing to dlisturb or break the sense of continuity. As our correspondent points out, " Collins street and Drummond.strceet are most con s'pidii, isfor \want of uniformity." Then 'againit is said with obvious propriety~-" all dead ti;eos shobuld be replaced by live ones of equal growth." This requirement is, as a·rnloe bverloolked. Out of the number of trees'planted a certain percentage inevitably dieo, but instead of being at once changed i.e., within the same planting season-they are allowed to remain cumbering the ground. Wlihen after a time they are replaced no care appears to be taken to provide substi tutes as far forward in growth as the rest of the plantation. The consequence hereafter iii' such eases must be an unsightly irregu lrity.' As a general rule, our correspondent considers that trees should not be nearer than forty feet togetheor. We think this is fathler an excessive distance, if we want that uninterrupted shade which is such an great desideratum during our fierce Austra lian summers. However this is a point on vwhich, practical arborioulturists could best givoe an opinion. The advocates of sparse planting must remember that it is very easy to: thin out "trees when they get too large f0or sucli close proximity as may be at first given them. As regards tihe trees near the town-hall, Avonue says they "are planted too near each other, and as one or two are dead, eovery alternate tree might be taken up and replace those that are dead." That they are too close is evident even already, but our correspondent is in error in sup posing that any are dead. The two or three which he imagines have given up the ghost are fresh plantationss-of a sort lowever differing entirely from the ehns into the midst of which they have been introduced. We mention this because it exoemplifies the careless way in which the work of planting is being carried on. It is a great pity that carelessness of this or any sort should be displayed. Trees cannot be grown in a day, and it would be very mortifying if, after waiting for years to produce the effect we covet, we should find it marred in any way by faults arising from negligence or want of judgment. If the thing is wortlh doiig at all it is worth doing well. ArEnICAN ViEw OF AUSTnAsI'N Ta?uDE. The attention of merchants and manufac turers in the United States of America has boon directed of late to Australia as a pro bable market for their goods. 3riadstroots, the most influential commercial organ in Now York, sent a special agent out to examine into the condition and prospects of business of these colonies, and from one of his letters we gather the following particulars about Australian affairs as viewed by an intelligent stranger. " The Australian colo nies," lie writes, "have only a population of 3,000,000, and about half of this number reside in the cities and towns, and the trade to support thleso places comes from the raisers of the prominent product, wool, and a little from grain and mining, while the goods supplied to this market come almost exclusively from England-French, Ger man, and somen American goods going through that channel." The writer, after stating that the American merchants would not ocly have to compete "with othler powerful commercial nations, and partieu larly with England, which had a strong hold upon the market," but also that "the general claim is that American goods have not the flue finish and are not so durable, while their prices are higher," lie blames hIis countrymen "for the hazardous and reckless manner in which they attempt to introduce goods, and are gradually setting up a barrier against their introduction into a market where a profito.blo anid contiuuous, although necessarily a limited, trade might be established." The writer thien points out the remediles, and especially advises that tlhero should be " some regularity in sup plying " tihe market. lie further points out tihat a succession of droughts, " added to the stoppage of manufactures in England, and the consequeno t depressed state of the wool- market, has lhad a baneful effect upon the squatters, most of whom are in the hands of the banks." I-Ho sees symptoms " very much like the beginning of an American panic," and his observations point out that there is something like a panic in store for theso colonies at no very distant day. " The exlcibitions in Sydney and Mel bonurne," he says, " would give to those at a distanco an idea of great prosperity; " but hlie considers it "a most ridiculous pro ceeding, inducing foreign countries to fobr ward goods ihere at a vast expense, for Ino more particular henelit thlan to feast the eyes of the populace, for little of the goods will be demanded by the colonies, they already hlaving too much; ns:l if the exhib itors unload ihere there will ibe a terrible state of the market, already in a bad way. Tho only reward our people will have for the trouble and expensee of seuding their goods will possibly be honourable mention, but very little cash or business." Respecting the loss in weight of grain by storage, the following interesting particulars are furnished by the Farmor :-" It is well known that all kinds of grain suffer more or less loss under long-continued storage in the granary. The amount of this lhas been determinied with great accuracy by the oflicials in chargo of the state graNaries in Prussia, where largo quantities of cereals are always kept in store in readiness for any emosrgoccy that may occur. The conclu sions arrived at hlere, on the basis of many years' oexperience, are in tihe highest degree trustworthy, because all grain received into those stores must be of first-rate quality, as free as possible from,"ildust, and uncontamin ated with any adumixture of foreign seeds. The loss in wheat, ryeo, barley, and podware amonuts tc 158 per cent. in the first quarter of a year, 0'9 per cent. in the seconl threo months, 0-5i in the third, iud l0'8 per cent. in the fourth quarter-a loss therefore in the first year of exactly 8 per cent. In each following year the loss is estimated at ¼ per cent. in the three months, or 1 per cent. annually. In the case of oats the loss is 1*7 per cent. in the first quarter, 0'9 per cent. in the second, 006 per cent. in the third, and 083 per cent. in the fourth-a total loss therefore during the twelve months of 8*5 per cent. In each sacceod ing season the loss is at the rate of 0'8 per cent. per quarter, or 1-2 per cent. in the year. These observations relate only to the high-olass grain stored in the government maugazine; in inferior grain the loss would be proportionately considerably higher. A horrible sight was witnossel some time ago in front of the Hotel Dieu, Paris. One of the patienta at the hospital went mald, and leaping out of a window over looking the street porched on the cornice. He addressed the crowd below in incoherent language, and threatened to throw himself down wlhen any one approached the win dow. lMattresses and rugs were spread on the pavement, and the firemen were imme diately sent for. One of the latter lot him self down by a rope affixed to the roof, and securing the madman under the arms managed to thrust him into the open window, where he was taken charge of by the attendants. A shocking discovery was made on board the national steamer England, which arrived in Now York from-Liverpool on October 20. In discharging the cargo in the forehold a stowaway was found in a dying state. He had made the entire passage of thirteen days without food or drink. He was carried to the vessel's dock, where he died. A somewhat caustic joke is going thle round in the English papers. An old farmer, who thinks chambers of agriculture and the education of labourors unmitigated abomi nations, is said to have given the following as the reidal cause of agricultural distress: S1770. \- Farmr at the plough, ' Wife milking eow, - S - -Dauighter piniilig yarn, , , Son' threshlng in the barn, SAll happy to a charm. 1870. Farmer gone to see the show, Daughter at the pi.an-o, Madame gaily dressed in satin, All tihe boys alearning Latin, With a mortgage on the farm, 