SELECTED .PGETllY. THE CLOSLNjG SCENE. I The,folIowrng is pronounced by .the West minster Review to be unquestionably the finest American poem .ever written. ■ The author's name, as far as we know, has never been made publie.J Within the sober realm of leafless trees The russet year inhaled the balmy air, 1*^6 some tanned reaper in his hour of ease, When all the fields axe lying brown and bare. The gray barns, looking from the hazy hills O'er the dim waters winding in the Tales, Sent down the air a greeting to the milla On the doll thunder of alternate flails. -AH sights were mellowed and all Bounds sub dued, The hills seemed further and the streams sang low; * -As in a dream, the distant woodman hewed His winter log, with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erstwhile fanned in _ .gold, Their banners bright with every martial hue, stood, like'some sad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On slumbrous wings the vulture tried his flight, The dove scarce heard sighing mate's complaint, And, like a star, slow drowning in the light, The village^chureh-vane seemed to pale and faint. The sentinel cock upon the hillside crew— Crew thrice, and all was stiller than before, Silent till some returning wanderer blew His alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay within the elm's tall crest Made garrulous trouble rounl the unfledged young; And where the oriole swung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung ; Where sang the noisy masons of the eaves, The busy swallows circling ever near, Foreboding, as the rustic mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year j "Where every bird which charmed the vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the reapers of the rosy east— All now was eongless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; Alone, the pheasant drumming in the vale, Made echo to the distant cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom upon the bowers, The spiders wove their thin shrouds night by night j The thistle-down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by—passed noiseless out of sight. Amid all this, in this most cheerless air, And where the woodbine sheds upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the yean stood there Firing the floor with his inverted torch— Amid all this, the centre of the scene \- The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied her swift wheel, and with her joyous mien Sat like a Fate, and watched the flying thread. Sh» had kfeown sorrow. He had walked with her, Oft supped, and bsoke with her the ashen mut j Add in the dead' Ifeaves still she heard the stir Of his black mantle, trailing in the dust While jet her cheek was bright with summer bloom, Her country summoned, and she gave her all; And twice War bowed to her his sable plame— He-gave the sitords to rust upon her wall. Be-gave the swords—but not the hand that drew, And struck for liberty the dying blow ; ^ to his sire and country true, fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, but not loud, the droning wheel went on, Like the low murmur of a hive at noon • long, but not loud, the memory of the gone, Breathed through her lips a sad and trem ulous tune. At last the thread was snapped—her head iras bowed ; life dropped the distaff through his hands serene, And loving neighbours smoothed her careful shroud, While Death and Winter closed the scene. 