St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. (From the Echo.) The works at St. Mary's Cathedral are being carried out with a considerable degree of activity, and it is confidently anticipated that the building will be completed so as to be rendered fit for occupation by the 6th January, 1882, which has been fixed as the date for the opening of the Cathedral. St. Mary's Cathedral is one of the oldest ecclesiastical edifices in the colony, the foundation-stone having been laid on the 29th October, 1821, by Governor Macquarie. The erection of the Cathedral, which was many years afterwards destroyed by fire, pro- ceeded slowly, for the carrying out of such a work was a vast undertaking in those days. Little help was obtained from the Govern- ment of the day until 1832, when more liberal assistance was extended, and the original Cathedral was completed, and consecrated by Archbishop Polding, in June 1836. The night of the 29th of June, 1865, witnessed its destruction by fire. The church had been but an hour previous to the outbreak of the fire filled with worshippers, the occasion being the festival of Peter and Paul. The fire spread so rapidly that it was useless to attempt to arrest the progress of the flames, and the cathedral was totally destroyed. The build- ing had only recently been enlarged to a con- siderable extent, and within its walls were collected works of art on sacred subjects, in- cluding sculpture and paintings by some of the greatest masters, and of inestimable worth. The more valuable portion of these were des- troyed; while the magnificent organ, which was erected in the south gallery, and which originally cost a sum of £2000, suffered des- truction in the general wreck. The total loss was estimated at something like £50,000. These reverses, however, did not apparently cripple the energies of the Catholic body, for long ere the fire had ceased to smoulder, meetings were held and sub- scription-lists were opened for the erection of a new building, which was commenced shortly afterwards. Archbishop Vaughan, soon after his arrival in the colony, signed a contract for £21,000, in order to enable the work to be carried out, and of this amount £11,000 has already boen paid off, leaving a debt of £10,000. A second con- tract has just been signed for the completion of the building, so as to render it fit for service, the amount of the contract being in round numbers £20,000, so that there is now an existing debt on the building of £30,000. The four walls are to be built up four feet higher than they are at present, and the cathedral will be temporarily roofed in. A large portion of the work to be carried out under the present contract, however, will be of a permanent nature, such as the building of the chapter room, courts, and sacristy. Mr. P. A. Jennings and Mr. P. Higgins, in a laudable spirit, have given cheques tor £500 each towards liquidating the debt on the building, and several other prominent citizens have promised assistance. A young fellow in Brooklyn tried to frighten a Brooklyn widow by appearing as her husband's ghost. He is dead. We believe It was a flat-iron. [Elmira Free Press.] A Connecticut Gennan attempted suicide because his wifo scolded him. Haven't they any clubs or lodges in the land of steady habits. The Chicago Tribune truthfully says that the "really lovely stand-by for an evening dress is an ordinary hard-working man in the shape of a husband. 