THE KELLY GANG. BENALLA, June 2. The excitement in Benalla occasioned by tbe report that the Kelly gang had been seen in the vicinity of Beechworth, ha? quite subsided to-night. The remainder of the police who went out have retnraed. I here is no donbt whatever that the gang were seen near Mrs. Byrne's farm. -Mrs. Byrne is the mother of one of the gang. The name of the person whe saw the Kellys will not be revealed by the police, but it is quite evident that something has occurred. The PMtV of police who proceeded to the Wool shed searched several houses and then divided, ?n? party coming back to BenaUa whilst another party scoured the ranges near Greta, where it is believed the gang has been living. At and around Greta the police have been on the watch. Xnmbers of the force are constantly to be seen in dis guise passing along the bush-tacks making inquiries and searching diligently for a trios of the outlaws. Superintendent Hare ar rived m BenaUa this morniu" and his pre sence here fur a short time increased the ex citement that was previously prevailing. l*ter in the day, however i*. was nnler st.-od that he had been transferred to Ben alla to relieve Asshtant-C .mmissioner Xi coolson. Sonic little dissatisfaction was ex expressed with the chance, it being tbe opinion that Mr Xicholson would ont manamTrt the outlaws. Three moaths back it is stated that he very nearly succeeded in caj-toring the gang. Every penon in the cistnct is remarkably retieenton the subject • t the Kellyj. The sister* are still living ?t •jrets, an I draw t: a r stores from the cs- ?bksumcat of Mrs. ?Brien. GreU is now only the ghost of its former self, the land in its viciuity having been greatly reduced in va.ue in consequence of the fact that so mui-h cattle- Jutting has been done in the district — "Age." Messrs. W. Siddeley and Co. have re ceived a telegram from Captain Anderson, dated Aden. May the 29tb, aunouodiu: tha •mval at that jK, rt of Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons' steamship Durham from Melbounie; in route for London; 