ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. The public arc waiting witb; some nnxioty for Parliament to open. Thoy want to know what tho Government policy is. I am not anxions. I don't want to know what the policy Je ; simply because I know it already. Any body can know it who chooses. It is a policy 'of economy and retrenchment, of courso. It 'must be that. There are those three trunk lines to bo further extended; and the £55,000 a .year for the frozen meat line of eteamcrs; and some heavy grants to be mado for roads and .bridges up in the extrome north; anda big deficit toprovido for wipingoff. Nothing but tho most rigid oconomy and unsparing retrenchment in every possiblo direction can accomplish this. The pastoral interest is tho only one worth much consideration, and that must be looked after. Tho squatters are again on the verge of ruin, and must have the railways oxtended to wards their holdings and this lino of steamers to carry their frozen meat to England, and the oxtromo north must be heavily subsidised—and the rest part of tho colony must pay for it. There need bo no mistake about that. I have not seon a oopy of tho vice, regal speech as yet, but it is all ready oxcept a few finishing touches to be put in by M'llwraith. From what I can learn it will be a very nice Vice regal speeoh. Honourable -gentlemen and gentlemen will be congratulated upon the very successful manner in which the Divi sional Boards Act has been brought into operation in every part of the colony, and a supplementary measure of the same kind will bepromisodto enable the divisional boards to take charge of main roads on the same excellent system of local taxation as that which they have so readily and willingly adopted for the other roads and local public works. Then there will be an allusion to the success of the Strathleven experiment, which some of my readers may have heard or read of before. This will introduce the Premier's lucky visit to the old country, and give an opportunity to briefly specify a few of the manifold advantages obtained, or made obtainable, by bis presence in London just at that time. The floating of the loan, the nego. tiating of the now Torres Straits mail service being particularly specified, and the trans continental railway scheme broadly hinted at. Then will follow a beautiful sentence about de veloping the resouroes of the colony, and a propheoy of the good times in store for those who can manage to hang on until the railways are completed, and the steamers are carrying their cargoes of frozen meat. Gentlemen of the Legislative Assembly will be told that the Estimates have been framed with a due regard to economy "combined with efficiency—at least), it is probable that this will be stated. Then it will be intimated that thoy will be asked to consider a scheme for revising the tariff and plaoing the taxation of the colony on a more equitable basis by so apportioning tho duties on imports as to make the lauourer and artizan contribute three times as much to the revenue from this source as the great pastoral tenant of the Crown who mostly lives on the luxuries which are taxed the lightest Then will follow an enumeration of the princi pal bills, which will be brought in during the | session—and thero you have the Vice-regal speech. If M'llwraith alters it from that he | will spoil it. Those who have no practical experience of the cares and responsibilities. of office are apt to think that a Colonial" Sboretary has'a nice rosy billet; He toils not neither does he spin. He. has.no;public works or:mines to bother him ; no Crown lands, no post nor telegraph worries; no Treasury accounts to mako balanc0 when' they won't, and no customs duties or excise to thinlc over aftor ho gets to bed—in stead of going to sleep. But bo has something a:great deal worse than all theRo put together— ho has the steamer Kate! I am assured, on very good: authority, that tho present Colonial Secretary haB been heard to declare in bitter, ness of heart, that tho steamer Kato will bring down his grey hairs with sorrow to tho grave, yet; unless ho tears off the groy hair with rage and vexation before ho give up the ghost. Every body in and around Brisbane, who is anybody, is always wanting to borrow tire Kate for a trip somewhero - for something.. It is not so bad in tho summer, but in the winter, while sobnapper fishing is about, it is simply awful. If the Colonial Secretary happens to go down tho shoot during the wintor months he has to keop a sharp lookout on both sides to avoid being pounced ripen for the loan of tho Kate ; if ho stays in bis offico ho is besieged,by. deputa. tions with the samo'objoct; ifho stays .at homo he is routed out of hia lair, and poked up for tho loan of tho Kate. There is/a'legend to the effeot that during the'height; of; The sohnapper season ho has been called tip from his bed in the middle of a cold frosty night by a deputation of enthusiastic, fisherman who wanted to make up a schnapper party.". For my own part. I believe this latter is an exagger ation. Thorp are linrits to human ondurauco, and, in my 'lruurblo 'opinion, any person or persons who, called up Mr. Palmer from his warm bod.on a cold frostypight.to prefer such 'a request as that, would simply i.hava .been, brained on tho spot. Ba that as it may, however; it is on record that laafc week he was called out from a Cabinet Council, then sitting, to meet a deputation who wanted tho loan of the Kate, not for a schnapper party this time, hut for a pio-nic to the hay. He came oat smiling and bland—ns usual—and the gentleman at the head of the deputation proceeded to introduce the subject in a gentle and insinuating manner, but the moment the words "loanof tho steamer Kato" orossed his lips a sudden change was observed, in the countenance of tho Colonial Secretary. Ho drew in a long breath, and then garo vent to his feelings in the exclamation— " Yon can't have the.Banguinolcnt boat "—and turning on hiB heel went baok to the cabinet council without waiting to be thanked for the courtesy with which he had received tho do putation,—without waiting indeed to know anything more about their business. It is said that an executive minute has sinee been passed to the effect that nobody is to have the Kate for Bchnappering, except the ministry, their friends and political supporters in Par liament, or the subordinate; beads , of depart* ments in the Civil Service—and then only for fishing on Snndays. Picnics and trips to tho bay in this vessel are not to be allowed on any pretence whatever. If this minute does cot have the deaired effect, Captain Page is to take the Kate out to the Flat Bock—and Bouttle her. It will never do to worry the life out of a Colo nial Secretary over a paltry steamer, if the thing can be avoided in any way. £ did not go to the Mayor's ball. The fact is—I do not care about balls. I left off dancing many years ago, am a " duffer" at whist, and don't enjoy the sight of other fellows spooning round with &U; the pretty girls, and monopo lising all the good.looking ladies in the com pany. Besides, if the honest truth must be told, I never yet took kindly to a swallow-tailed coat, white tie, and white kids. It always makes me feel ai theughlwas going to a funeral, or had just come away from one. But the ball was a grand affair, I am told. "Magnifi cent! A friend of mine, who Is a connoisseur of such things, assures me that it was the very best thing of the kind, and a long way the best, that. has been seen in Brisbane during his time—which dates back pretty far. An excellent judge of wine, who was there, has been heard to affirm in the most emphatic manner that his feelings and opinions with regard to teetotallers has undergone a com plete change. He says if he had had the slighteit idea that Good Templars indulged in tipple like that he had at the Town Hall, he should have joined a lodge years ago; and his only regret at the ball was that he could not take in a larger cargo, and demonstrate in a more emphatic manner his high apprecia tion of his Worship's hospitality. I am delighted to learn all this, because his Worship and I have been old friends for goodness only knows how long. But what pleased me most about this citizens' ball was the kindly condes. cension with which the " society" people entered into the spirit of the thing, and made everybody feel perfectly at ease in their com- i pany. Why, unless my information is mis leading, a Minister of the Crown—after supper «—was so affable that he even invited a waited to u jus-step-outside into the lane n* have turn show-ther's-no-coolness-orman." The waiter could not spare the time just then to humour the Minister, whereupon he sat down and wopt—like Alexander the Groat, when he had nothing more to conquer. I think this ie about as strong a proof as could have been given of the success of the ball. It was a solitary in stance of the kind, it is true. Nobody else present grew bo genial and condescending—but it was not necessary that they should—one such example is enough at a time. I hope the re turn ball will bo equally well managed, equally well patronised, and leave behind as good a feeling. Tho capture of the Kelly gang has been the sensation of the week. In my young days I duly read the life of Dick Turpin, and wept boyiah tears over the death oftl Black Bess.".. I always liked the horse very muoh better than Dick. I also studied the life of Jaok Sheppard, the oolebrated burglar; Claude Duval, the gentleman highwayman; Jonathan Wild, the eminent thief-catcher and scoundrel; and was well grounded in the "Newgate Calendar." But, somehow, my sympathies were never muoh in favour of these heroes. I remember, as a very little felloWj having a pretty clear and definite conviction that there was a good deal of the sneak, bully, and poltroonjabout these scoundrels, although I kept the opinion to mysolf, becauso I percoived I was in a minority with my companions on the subject, and I did not care about maintain ing my views by wager of battle against all and sundry.: I reflected that these great men were all dead, comfortably hanged out of the way, and getting my head punched, or punobing another boy's head, would prove nothing in particular, oxcept that wo were very stupid to fight over dead men. This m«y aocount for the gratification I felt at learning lost Monday that the Kellys were caught at last. I should have beeu better pleased if they had been taken alive, and hanged in a decent, rospoctable sort of way, because wild beasts as . they woro, I think shooting was muoh too good foF them, and burning was cowardly; still, Ion'id think, with the Couriert thatthe " grandeur*?.of their death will be in the slightest degree ^en couraging to. aspiring, young bushrangers in Australia. , Tour deep-dyed villain., has a tender regard for a wholo skin that. is really remarkablo, and howovtr, bloodthirsty, .and reckless he may be with regard. to others', .ho shrinks from the slightest pain inflicted; on himself : therefore the prospect of being shot down by apolicoman, or roasted nitre while at bay, as a termination of his career of Grime, is hot attractive. No, the manner of the taking off of this Kelly gang was a blunder, and something worse, but 1 think it .will be both impressive and repressive. J 