SR0RTING NOTES. The committee of the Victoria Amnfa>nr Turf Club were very unfortunate as regards the weather for their meeting at Caulfield on Thursday week last. Separation Day, as though the morning broke delightfully fine after the hehvy rain on the previous day and evening, it came down in torrents as the second special train arrived at the race- course platform. About 10 o'clock, when it was delusively fine, the stewards met, and decided to go on with the meeting, and when they had a second " consultation" on tha course, it was wisely thought that, as all the horses and the majority of the visitors had arrived, it would be better to bring the meet ing off at all hazards. The rain fortunately ceased after the third race had been decided, but everything was miserably cold,, wet, and sloppy, and the spectators were glad to quit the scene the moment the last race was run. As may thus be easily imagined, the attend ance, which otherwise would have been up to the average was miserably small, and had the club not luckily netted £210 by the vic tory and subsequent sale .of Puff in the Selling Stakes, the exchequer would have .shown a woeful deficiency but tm it is, the club comes out very well .after .all. Directly it was known that Nollah had been with drawn iniavour of Don Silva for the Hurdle Race, and that "the staid,", pportri -the latter, he became an; immense favourite and as the son of Prince William and Quick- e,ght running, we thought he never looked to bo much ad van- tag e, Mr, Fraser turned Uttle Pembcrley out in beautiful condition, &nd; . the " uh&rmn; " Norma Ipofced well to: the eye as she oanteied : past,- but the heavy rain prevented the usual j inspection of the nags, as they undsrwent | their toilets., The race is teasily described, , as Norma andDon SUva, who waTSS | two-double and fighting very hard SS bus rider all the way, were the only two in it ; an<t though the big horse ran up to the mare a quarter of a mile from the judge s chafr, she had plenty L £mg left u &«r, and drawinjr awav eoStonlSc the rmg by beatmg Don Silva easily; Pem- ' « 0 wafifr&Ien; right out while other £aUed J?. averyfair third. Norma'sruEft to say the least of it, is certainty of a very i»- ana-out character, and is another forcible \- . . n. . ' Rrenmentagainst feakkirig korsea, more &pe-; .aa trained, b j certain people. At Be&digo;, tm toe. 16th June, Horma had 3st. 61b» intoeHurdle Bade, aiicl Was a Kot favorite, feat could only get a wretched third to Wait- a-wMle a&d; Lucifer in a moaerate field. put at Caulfield, with lib. more, tofe rati quite a different animal, and heat a jgood field, in cluding a first-class horse like Don Silva. Ciamly, the mare may have tirtprotfed be tween the two meetings, but an improvement , of th&t; kind has always an ugly appearance. ; Dan Silva waspuLled " out again for the Aiiu&earFlat; Race, but neither honor Dollar, who came, with one of his wonderful runs at the last, Had' the ghost of a ; chance with Blackthorn — a son of the English Leger winner, Hawthornden, and who won the A.J.C. Rous Handicap last j year, carrying 7st. Sib., and has since gone j to India. 'Passing the Hunters Stakes, won by | that clever jumper Warrandyte, and which gave rise to a deal of enthusiasm, we come to the Maiden Steeplechase, which brought six horses of that class to the post. Sussex was, of course, greatly fancied, and though he baulked when they had gone about half a atife, he had little difficulty in settling the pretensions of Verdi and the others. Mr. i Goyder's horse, who is undoubtedly a natural jumper, fenced admirably, and it was quite a treat to see him hop over the obstacles so cleverly, albeit, after all, they are not much higher than the usual hurdles. Yerdi, a full brother to old Greystanes, ran a great horse, considering it was his first appearance in public, and as he is in the hands of that careful trainer and clever cross-country i raider, Chifney, Mr. Glenister may yet be ' able to land another Grand National with : the aid of the bay son of Snowden and Wei- j come. Notwithstanding that Sussex was j very lame, he came out again after the Flat Bace for the Yictoria Gold Cap, and gave us another proof of his wonderful abilities by carrying 13st. 51b., and winning the race in a common canter horn Greystanes and the rest, thus emulating, as we predicted he would, Groulburn's performance of last year. He, however, had a little luck, as Warrigal, who was going very well and strong at the time, fell at the last fence and broke his neck, but though, had all gone well with him, he might have finished before Greystanes, he j could hardly have beaten Mr. Goyder's horse home when it became a question of pace. There were no less than fifteen starters for the Flat Race, but as the stable made no secret of the fact that Euclid had performed a wonderful trial, the colt went out at 6 to 4 and even money — a ridiculously short price considering the field and the state of the course. The stable did not, however, make much of a mistake, as a quarter of a mile away from the winning post Euclid and the Adelaide filly, Shadow, had it all to themselves, but when the latter had settled the favourite a few strides from home, Adventurer-, who was very resolutely ridden by Cracknell, unexpectedly came to the front, and just beat the South Australian . representative by a head. This was a com plete upset, as the winner's name was scarcely mentioned ; but had his owner and trainer, Mr. Sam Cook, not been informed of Euclid's trial, he would have backed his horse te win a good stake, as he also ran a satisfactory trial about seven days before. Adventurer, who is a neat little horse, is by Maribyrnong from Ida, the dam of those good performers, .The Pearl, The Spy, and The Arrow. He has only 6sk 61b. in the Melbourne Gup, and it is not improbable by any means that he will emulate his brother's (The Pearl's) example in 1871, and place our great spring han dicap to his owner's credit. Prattle ran well for a mile, and any chance Little Nell mid Bawdon had was put out by their colliding at the back of the course ; but them is no reasonable doubt that, if Euclid had not run himself to a standstill chasing Shadow, the " good thing" would have come off. Directly the public saw young St. Albans on a Puff for the Selling Stakes, she was make a very hot favourite, and though Epilogue made things look rather unsettled for about half the journey, the filly came like a " puff from a dart" . in the last 200 yards, and fairly walked in from Epilogue and Stanley. Mr. Whittingham, the owner of Biverton and Aspen, landed a good stake by Puff's victory, and bidding for her at fifties at a time, managed to secure her for five of them, and this gave the fnnds of the club a much- needed turn. Thus terminated" what would have been an interesting and enjoyable meeting, had it not been for the unpropitious weatherrbut we hope the club will be more fortunate next time. A very enjoyable afternoon was spent at Kensington Park on Saturday last, thanks in a great measure to the delightful weather, as the racing, was only of a moderate descrip tion, and moreover some little dissatisfaction was caused by certain horses being scratched St toe last minute. Perhaps toe manage ment would act wisely were the old system of finn. for late scratching reverted to. What promised to be an interesting struggle be tween Albatross and Stampede nrthe Hurdle Bade was Completely spoiled by the latter falling, and as Empress jumped wretchedly, and the others were only moderate, Albatross had no difficulty in landing toe dollars, but had Stampede been put of toe way, " the hooks" would not have escaped so easily. The Corinthian Handicap was an upset for backers, as Diomed, on whom odds were laid, toed to nothing cirning up toehill for home ; and Sea King, who was in toe receipt of 121b. from him, beat him without an effort, the Deniliquin "horse Dundreary filling the Unprofitable position of third. Four mode rates, ineveiy sense of the word, came to j toe pbst for the -Steeplechase. (Hilton f persistently bdiilked At the first fence, and j W&rrior; fell.at the sod-wall after going nearly once fbuhd, 'so Gayfield, who came with a I . rattle at the last, had no difficulty in cantering j homelengths infrontof St. Kilda. Shadow, on the strength of her running at Caulfield j on the previous Thursday, was served up very ! warm for the Jtihe Handicap, but her ad- i mirers overlooked the fact that toe had 251b. 1 more to carry, and'Idttfe Nell, getting nicely I away, hardly ever left toe issue in doubt, j Sea King, for once, was toe slowest on his legs, but when he reached them in the straight j he came like a shot, and beat Shadow very j comfortably for second place ; Exile, beaten I off last. The winner, who has performed very well on several occasions, was turned out in rattling fettle by that veteran trainer ; ' Dan Robinson ; and as he was not chary about expressing his opinion that the mare was worth backing, the - only wonder is that she did not go to toe po£t a much warmer fa vourite. A host of lilliputian racehorses Went to the post for toe Pony Race, and " gentlemen ' who are authorities on this 1 class of races declared that it was merely a match between Robin Hood and Lorna. The pot, however, was upset by Elsa May, a : racing-looking two-year-old pony by Proto Martyr, who led from end to end, and though 'a protest was lodged against her on the ; ground that she was over age, it was very properly dismissed on toe following Monday.' Thus the curtain dropped on the Kensing ton Park June meeting, j The well-bred horse, Coongoola, by Snow- i den from Aruma, the dam of Aconite, has j changed hands this week, having been pur- I chased by Mr. J. Leek for the sum of 250 ! guineas. Mr. Leek, who now trains for kim- i self, has Dollar, Coongoola, and Her Majesty I — the brown filly by King of the Ring from \ Sybil — in his stable at Emerald Hill, but the I former left on Tuesday for the purpose of ful- ! filling, his engagements at Hay on the-13th ! inst. | The entries for the Geelong meeting, on the i ! 31st July, closed on Monday last with a very ; ' satisfactory result indeed, and there is now no ; : doubt but that the meeting will keep up its j prestige. The District Handicap Trot has 1 secured sixteen entries. .Amongst the nine teen in the Hurdle Race are Sussex, Camel, Don Silva, Twilight, Nimrod, and ! other celebrites, and as Sussex, Greystanes, I Trumpeter, Himalaya, Timberoo, Intrepid, and Twilight are in the list for the Steeple- chase, both these events will be more than usually interesting. The two handicap fiat I races have also been well patronised, and with fine weather, the attendance from the metro polis ought to be the largest the club have ever been favoured with. The Deniliquin Jockey Club are to be con gratulated upon the numerous entries they have received for their midwinter meeting on he 21st inst., and if the handicapper be suc cessful in apportioning the weights, a highly successful meeting may be anticipated. For the Handicap Hurdle Bace there are eleven entries, Flying Handicap fourteen, Show j Handicap thirteen, and Warbrecan Handi cap twenty- two, the weights for which are due to-day, Saturday, the 10th July. The Tasmanian Mail states that Mr. E P. Wilson, the owner of Monarque and Customs, intends putting up stables at Goodwood Park (recently chartered), adjoining Elwick, for racing purposes.. The well-known "Victorian horse Customs has changed hands and Mr. Yeend has made a very good bargain with Mr. E. P. Wilson, the owner of Intrepid, by giving the chesnut and a large monetary consideration for the cross-country horse. The latter will, no doubt, leave Tasmania for Victoria with Yeend, and it is to be hoped he will be more successf ul with his new purchase than he has been with. Customs in the "tight little island." A Launceston correspondent of the above-named journal says : — " The Mowbray racecourse was not disposed of when offered for auction last week, and there are rumours afloat that we are not going to lose it, bat . that it will pass into the hands of some of oor best supporters of racing, who will re organise matters on a new basis. It is sin cerely to be hoped the rumonrs are true, and I believe such a proceeding is contemplated, but am not aware of any definite step having been taken yet." The Observer says : — Mr. Boss T. Beid's chesnut colt Buccaneer, by Talk o' the Hill out of Pirate's Daughter, is to be " added to the' list," and fired before he is put into training again. The injured leg has fined down considerably since the colt has been at Magill, but it still looks very big. Mr. Bouse, of Bonegamble, New South Wales, has leased the imported horse Wilber- force, by Oxford out of Corsica, from Mr. C. Baldwin, for stu<Lpurposes. The New Zealand correspondent of the Town and Country Journal says: — The New Zealand turf has received a valuable acqui sition in the addition to theranksof owners of Dr. Prius, one of the leading members of the Canterbury Jockey Club, who has purchased from Bob Ray his training stables, close to the Chf istchurch racecourse, and the whole of bis string, consisting of Fishhook (winner of the DunedinCup in 1877), Maritana (win ner of the Canterbury J.C. Handicap of 1872), Hornby (winner of the Canterbury Derby of 1879), The Governor (a half-brother of Trump Card), and Bogardus (formerly Orange Lightning), the latter of whom was once, when the property of Mr. Redwood,, a great favourite for toe Dunedin Cup of 1873. He, however, broke down, and has never raced. Dr. Prius, who will rim under the name of Mr. H. Horsford, has also under the care of Bay, who continues in charge of the team, La Mode (by Albany oat of Mermaid, the dam of Lurline), who is engaged in the next Welcome Stakes, and a filly by Casta way from Sweetbriar, the dam of Chancellor, toe last G.J.G. Handicap winner. Mr. Cox announces that he will hold a; race-meeting at Kensington Park on Satur day, the 24th July. The programme will be as follows : — Handicap Hurdle Bace, Handi cap Corinthian Race, (amateur riders), Han dicap Welter .Steeplechase (amateur riders), Handicap Flat Race, Handicap for Gallo ways, and Selling Flat Race. - Lohengrin, by Hamlet out of . Housemaid, and who is weighted at 7st 21b for the Mel bourne Cup, was struck out of that race on Friday, the 2nd inst. It will, be remembered that, failing a written apology, the ste wards of the late Maryborough and Carisbrook Races disquali fied Mr. Robins, the well- known trotting man, for life for having used abusive and foul language towards the handicapper, Mr. G. Vowles. A meeting of the committee of the Victoria Racing Club was held during the week, when it was decided to endorse the i disqualification. Few sporting men in the Australian colonies were more widely kno » n aud oe- servedly respected than Mr. Richard Driver, and our readers will regret to hear that he died at his residence, Sydney, on Wednes day last, at the age of fifty-one year?, after a long and lingering illness. " Dick Driver,"' as he was familiarly termed in sporting circles, was a true and good sportsman in every sense t>f the term, and as an authority on the turf, aquatics, and cricket, justly oc- cupied a very high position in public estima tion. Old Victorian cricket players will doubtless remember that Mr. Driver played on behalf of New South Wales in the first match with this colony in 18o6, scoring 18 in the first inuings, and that for years afterwards he filled the position of umpire for the sister colony. For the last twenty years or moie he acted as umpire and stakeholder in all important rowing matches on the Parra- matta River, and as chairman of Tatter- sail's club, in which capacity he was best known to spotting men in Victoria, everyone felt satisfied that, in toe event of any dis pute occurring, each side would get fair play from bluff, outspoken, honest "Dick Driver." The deceased gentleman was bora atCoolah, near Liverpool (N.S.W.), on the 16th Sep tember, 1829, and was admitted as an attorney and solictor of the Supreme Court, in 1856\. subsequently he was returned for the electorates of vest- Maequarie, Carcoar, and Windsor, and off aud on was a member of the Legislative Assembly for twenty-one years, during which time he oc cupied the position of Chairman of Com mittees for several sessions, and was also Minister of Lands in Pardee's Ministry in 1877\. As a lawyer he enjoyed a large police court practice, and for many years past he acted as solicitor for the Municipal Council of Sydney. Thus, in every department of life, Mr. Driver was a good, estimable citizen — privately a generous and better-hearted fellow never breathed —and we feel sure that sporting men, as well as a large section of the general public, will regret to hear that poor "Dick Driver," .whose place it will be very hard to fill, has, unfortunately, joined the majority. Mr. 0. T. Brown, an old and respected member of the Victorian Tattersali's, died a few days ago, at the age of fifty-one years. The deceased gentleman, who was a very popular member of the ring, had been ailing for a long time, and his death was not al ogether unex pected bv his numerous friends. Our remarks of last week to the effect that the committee of the Victoria Raeicg Club should adopt the rule recently passed by the English Jockey Club, giving the stewards power to amend an entry when a mistake has been accidentally made, has, we are glad to hear, in the interest of the sport, been taken notice of by some of the members of the committee. Mr. Leonard, who brought for ward a similar motion last year, has again taken the matter in hand, and will shortly propose to a general meeting of the members that the rule relating to entries and nomina tions Be altered so as to be in consonance with those in force in the old country and New South Wales. The sporting Press have long advocated this change, and there is every reason to believe that Mr. Leonard's motion will be carried by a large majority. Of course, it cannot be of a retrospective cha racter, but will simply affect the general entries for the approaching spring meeting, and all the youngsters' races that will from time to -time close after the motion, if it does pass, has been carried. Mr. W. C. Yuille informs us that he has leased to Mr. H. Phillips, of the Bryan O'Lynn stud, Warrnambool, on account of the Messrs. Chiraside, the thoroughbred horse Newminster, by The Marquis from Spa, and t eive imported and seven colonial- bred mares. As a two-year- old, Newminster was truly invincible, never having been beaten ; and though he failed to maintain his prestige when'a year older, still his run ning in the Geelong Gold Cup and Handicap and in the Caulfield Cup stamped him as being a horse of more than ordinary merit, and we think Mr. Phillips has acted very wisely in selecting him as a stud horse. Mr. J. J. Miller having found it necessary, owing to the pressure of private business, to retire from the turf, Mr. W. C. Yuille an nounces that he will dispose of that gentle man's / horses at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday next, the 12th inst. The list comprises Japan (a full brother to Janitor and Sunlight, and who ran second to Aspen for the late Newmarket Handicap), Geide Olgothach (who was beaten a head by South Hamilton for the Y.R.C Two-year-old Stakes in 1S79), and the well-bred Billy Nutts, Bayswater, and Austin Elliott, all of which, whether for racing or breeding purposes, are worthy the attention of sporting men. On the fol lowing day, Tuesday, the 13th July, the celebrated horses " outh Hamilton, Western Princess, and the unnamed filly out of Eleanor will also be submitted for sale by public auction at the sato e place. We are autho rised to state that all these are for positive unreserved sale, and doubtless this notifica tion will have the effect of inducing a large muster of sporting men. In addition to Mr. iggins's horses, the fashionably-bred Kingston and the" two-year-old filly Bird of Prey, the property of Mr. Sayer,- will also be put up for disposal ; and as the sale is thus an important one, there ought to be a large attendance of racing men. Full par ticulars as to the reeding and performances of all the above horses can be obtained from Mr. Yuille, at Kirk's Bazaar. News has been received from New Zealand to the effect that the celebrated sire Traducer, who has been ailing for some time past from the com bined effects of old age and chronic rheumatism, was mercifully destroyed on the 26th ult. by order of the proprietors of the Middle Park Stud, as there were no hopes of his recovery. Traducer, who was bred in England in 1S57, and imported to New Zealand in 1862, was by The Libel (son of Pantaloon) from Arethusa, by EUis from Languid, by Gain from Lydia, by Pouiton from Variety, by Hyacinthns, etc., and, like many other celebrated sires, his temper was so soared in his youth that, he was a terror to all the grooms in New Zealand . Partly owing to this cause, iV»r. Griffiths, of Christchnrch, pur chased him some years ago for bo low a sum as sixty guineas, but the brilliant performances of his two great daughters, Lurline.and Calumny, soon drew attention to his merits, and as of late years his descendants carried all before them, he was the recognised crack sire of Maori land. In addition to Lur line and Calumny, he is the sire of Le Loup (who ran fairly well iu this colony), $ rump Card, Fishhook, and Temple ton (who carried all before them atone time in the sister colony), Foul Play and Betrayer \\\vho now divide the < honours with Mata), and amongst others such : celebrities as Danebory, Maritana, Bribery, ' ' Natator, Luna, hancellor, York, Mafia, Atlantic, Oberon, Middleton, and others too numerous to mention. The 'eon of The Libel and Aretbusa has thus been 'an undoubted success at the stud ; but, fortunately, the j Middle Park Stud Company have such horses as Musket (the sire of Petronel, the winner j of the late Two Thousand Guineas Stakes and St. George (a full brother to Chester and Roodee) to fill the vacancy caused by his death. In accordance with a wish expressed by Mr. Triekett, Mr. John Thompson, the well- known metallician and athlete, Will start for Eagland on Thursday next by toe steamship Lusitania, for the purpose of superintending him in his training for his match with Hanlan, on the Thames, on the 15th November. As Mr. Thompson is practically acquainted with training, and, in fact, is a tirst-elass athlete, I T'rickett's backers in New South VV ales will | be glad to hear that he will be in such ex- | cellent hands ; and as a proof of Mr. Tbomp- ! son's popularity ith the members of the ! ring, it may be mentioned that they intend S to give Him a farewell dinner, at Clements's ! Cafe, Swaneton street, on Monday evening i next, and while thus showing their apprecia- i tion of his many good qualities, ' also wish i both Triekett and him all success in their endeavour to once mere bring the rowing championship of the world to Australia. J Speaki ng of last Tuesday's gallops at Rand- wick, the News says : — " Tom Brown's youngsters were treated to steady exercise, and Avernus and Grand Flaneur had a slow canter round once, increasing the pace the second time, and finishing home fast. Friday, looking hearty and well, had Geraldine for a companion over twice round. The fiUy hears rather a light appearance, but appears in good heart and full of go. Auckland and Tborntopper, after doing a moderate turn, performed a good strong mile and a half, which was about the best work of the morn ing. The whole of Lamond's young ones did useful exercise, followed by Nellie and Re membrance, the latter looking particularly well, and performing over twice round at a good pace. The Zetland colt, Cap-a-pie, and Star were worked slowly on the sand track. Rapid Bay did turns round the track, fol lowed by Biroona. Monmouth, ' oodlands's sister, the Greyskin colt, and Goidsbrough's sister had a couple of turns round for a breather. Kamilaroi and Richmond Hose did good work, followed by Hazard and Lightning and Gipsy i 'ooper and a Yattendon colt. Otira and Coxcomb had a couple of turns round, finishing fast home. On the tan, Strath earn and Gainsborough were treated to good stroug work ; and Sam Harding's string, Chester, Democrat, mid Martindale, also performed ever three turns round, the trio looking hearty and w-il." A late telegram from Adelaide states that the negotiations for the amalgamation of the two racing clubs have unfortunately fallen through. The well-known horse Napper Tandy, by Yattendon from Oremorne, and whose weight in the Tup is 7st lib, arrired in Sydney on Thursday from Brisbane, en route for Mel bourne. Victorian owners of horses who have no minated for the Hawkesbury Grand Handi cap and Metropolitan Stakes are reminded that non-acceptances have to be made on Wednesday next, the 14th inst. 'the racehorses Welcome, Clifton, Exile, Dundreary, and Van Tromp were offered for safe by public auction at Kirk's Bazaar during the week, but failed to find new owners, and will shortly put iu an appear ance on the Flemington training ground. A meeting of the committee of the Vic toria Racing Club was held early in the week, when a letter was read from Mr. H. Wells, the secietary of the Coleraine Racing Club, stating that at their late Queen's Birthday meeting a jockey named James Douall was disqualified for twelve months for his suspicious riding of Young Dollar, whereby the horse (a strong public favourite) was ridden past one of the jumps, thus throwing him completely out of the race. The V.R.C. committee, as iu the case of Mr. Robins, decided to adopt the disqualifica tion. Owing to a clerical error, Mr. E. Gough's bg Monitor, 3 yrs, appeared in the list of horses entered for the Geelong Steeplechase, instead of the Hurdle Race. A telegram from Sydney on Wednesday says : — " The following are the latest scratoh- inga: — Freemason, Cinnamon, and Tomboy for the Metropolitan and Hawkesbury Han dicap, and Lohengrin for the Metropolitan." 