Afloat and Ashore. A RUSSO-AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. By George Gordon M4Crae, author of 44 The Man in the Iron Mask,' &c.;, -fcc. [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail .] Chapter LIII. — The Vladimir. 44 Oginski, I am glad to see you. Pray be seated.' These were the first salutations of the admiral. 44 How do you think the squadron looks? Hubner has been keeping the ships pretty well up to the old mark, I think, in our absence.' ' Yes, admiral,' said Oginski]; ' the fleet looks very well. Any news from Europe, sir ? ' 'No; not much of importance. A riot among the students of St. Petersburg; the military called out and everything speedily quieted. But have you remarked the new ship they have sent me ? ' 44 What ! The Vladimir, sir — that splendid 22 ? ' ' Yes, of course. Her commander only holds an acting commission ; in short, he is to be transferred and promoted In another vessel. So the Vladimir must have a captain, and as she is a fine smart ship, I am determined she shall have a proper captain. Oginski, mon cher, I have sent for you to tell you that the Vladimir is yours. That's another bar of lace to your sleeve, my boy. I have carte blanche in these matters, and the confirmation of your captain's rank will be a purely formal affair, and you can afford to wait for the news. I have to send to St. Petersburg first, and the replies will be forwarded to Petropaulowski — only a question of time.' 44 It is impossible, admiral,' said Oginski, with strong emotion, 44 for me ever to thank you sufficiently for your unsought kind offices for my new epaulettes, and, above »U, for this magnificient command. I might, for my own part, have been quite content with one of the brigs for a beginning, but you have given me the Vladimir.' 44 Take what vou get. Captain Oginski, and be thankful,' said the admiral, laughingly, and showing his fine teeth. Now, sir, just one glass of wine with me to drink the health of our father, the Czar, after which I shall expect you to repair on board of your command, and report her to mc before dark — as taken over! You will hoist your pen dant forthwith and muster your ship's company. I wish you good afternoon, Captain Oginski, and good luck.' It is a clear dark moonless night, but the stars are out in all their cold and silvery glory. To an eye accustomed like that of a sailor or a cat to outer darkness, it was not so veiy hard to make out the masts and spars, and the heavier shrouds and stays of a big frigate relieving, by reason _ of their greater blackness, against the sombre field of a mid night sk}. Her huge black hull is repeated in the black and glassy wave, and here and there the light from an open air-port is reflected like an undulating sword of fire in the trembling water beneath. The look-outs stand solemnly like ebon statues at their posts ; and the sailor-sentry, with his 6hort carbine resting like an infant in the hollow of his arm and across his body, glides backwards and forwards the bridge unreal and silent as a ghost. The night is wonderfully still — so still that from his post upon the bridge the look-out man can hear the cry of the wild swans now passing on their annual migration far above tb« frigate's mast-heads. He hears the leaders whistle to «*»ch other, and even thinks he can distinguish the distort but mighty rushing of the air caused by the rapid passage of this winged and feathered squadron. Wan tho 6entry on the bridge absorbed in this idea ? Wer®*11® look-out men forward napping ? Or was the office-**! charge of the deck wandering about perfunctorily- half asleep. If none of these, how came it, then, ^at a certain, momentous event had just occurred unobserved by all or by any of them? Ogimki w°&0,le* an^ ^ie Vladimir without a captain. * * * * * * But we anticipate. A terrible struggle was now at its highest in the breast of Oginski. Love of country, upright and to the front, fighting desperately with a two-handed and two-edged swoid against love of power, place, position, and respect. But shall we also say against the love he bears his Jiancie — yes or no ? This is how Oginski mentally puts it. 44 1 am now on the turning-point, on the very verge. There is no medium course to pursue, and 1 must choose whether I follow the path that makes ma hero or that which brands me coward. If I draw back now, Natalie will despise me for ever. If I go on, I shall possibly lose her all the same. Years and years may elapse during which we shall never hear of each other. But 1 go. I mean to be a man. I renounce all. I venture all. Did not Father Jerome truly say that a man who could not be faithful to the unseen wasunworthy of the crown ? ' So saying, he packed up in the dark a few little things ' he had brought with him from the flagship; this small parcel he placed behind the cabin door, in readiness, af* having stripped himself as if for bed, he laid his clotb*'on the chair, and at once got into bed, where he remau*® f°r several minutes. Springing lightly thence, he puH)n a long watchcoat, reaching to his heels, and fastened^ the parcel well within its fold. Then, bareheaded aD-* barefooted, he crept out stealthily from the silence a*'1 darkness of his cabin into the darkness and silence the night without. Watching his chance narrowly. glided along the deck like a spectre, gained the godgway, slipped down into the main chains and thence i»wered himself slowly, and with out a sound, into tb» sea — into the cold, cold, bleak water that lapped the agate's sides. He relet'**1 the parcel, which went reeling to the bottom, for hp iad 44 loaded' it properly. He struck out slowly and with as little disturbance of the water as possible, till he was well clear of the frigate, and making or a light, probably that of a fisherman's hut, on the beach to the west ward. Now he turned himself till he arrived at a sitting posture, when he adroitly cast off the overcoat, and started swiftly and wholly unencumbered for the shore. Chapter LIV. — Half- mast High. As the squadron had a good offing, and John Chinaman was not credited either with torpedoes or infernal machines, they did not ' row guard' as usual with their boats— » circumstance to which in a great measure, doubtless, Oginski owed an escape little short of miraculous. He landed— that is to say, his ieet touched bottom, and _ he found himself standing at last on firm sand and breast-high out of the water. With a fervent ejaculation of thanks giving to God for vouchsafing Wim life and reason thus far, he began to wade ashore. It was terribly, almost palpably dark, and as his body rose more and more out of the water he knew himself naked by reason of the severe sharp and bitter cold. A slight breeze had sprung up, extensive evaporation set in, and Oginski longed for his big watchcoat again. Now a terrible shudder shook his frame, not one entirely of cold. Thank God, he had not onoe so muoh as dreamed of sharks while in the water ; but now out of it he trembled all over on recognising the danger he had run. TMb mere imagi nation was almost as horrible as real, and as paralysing* while it lasted, as if he had actually raced for Ms life wi*£ one of these malign monsters of the deep. / He had been ashore on this very beach in former -*'uises. though not exactly at this spot, and he knew (indeed he had observed it only this evening from &e; fngate'a bridge) an olive-green fringe of thicket or sp'Ob just above the high-tide line, and a grassy glade ber*®d. that again dotted plentifully with big round- head of trees like the coast she-oak he had seen in Australia, arriving speedily at a resolution, he determined to tak« shelter in the scrub. He picked his way warily, but yAfi all his caution and care ha would now and then rup Ma poor naked feet against some thing armed with thorns or prickles. Then a branch would scrape rudely ae^ust his bare breast or shoulder, or a sap ling which J'5 tod trodden down would recover itself, spring back, oiid smite him full in the face. For one thing he do')Utedly thanked Providence — 44 that h& was alone,' — and being alone with nature himself in a state of nature, he felt no /ear. whatever he might of pain. Wisely he deter mined no longer to fight against such disadvantage through this network of underwood, but rather to choose some spot, as little inhospitable as possible, where to lie down and wait for daylight. He lay down, but the sand, damp with If a dews ef the niglfct^ *w ijs terribly cold.* He .wftulql sit up then and he sat there chafing his body and limbs to keep himself from being frozen. This at length became wearisome and finally impossible ; bat necessity, which is the mother of invention, suggested to Oginski a thoroughly Spartan remedy. He felt for and plucked in the dark a branch of a shrub with which he had already been, made painful acquaintance — a _ thing covered ?with short sharp spiny leaves ; armed with this, as a monk of the pious order of Flagellants might be with, his scourge, Oginski whipped iimeelf all over. Morning dawned at last, and found him more naked than a natural savage, all scratched, bruised, and bleeding, besides being generally in the most miserable plight imaginable. Leaving hie thicket, and advancing inland through the glade already mentioned, where the tender velvety green turf was so peculiarly grateful to the soles of his wounded feet, he perceived, at a distance, a vast area of swampy land such as is often used in China for the cultivation of rice. In one direction (towards the eastern border of the marsh) the stalks of the rice . were extremely high and luxuriant. There the ground was soft to the feet ; the shelter was good ; and he might possibly secure a few mouthfuls of ripening rice to eat. Hither accordingly he bent his course, and here at last he concealed himself among the ' paddy.' To conceal himself, that was his lead ing idea, not from the fanatic Taeping or ordinary cun ning Chinaman of the coast, but from the notice of the fleet. In one ship at least he had reigned absolute only yesterday. He desired (briefly) to be in a place -where, unseen himself, he could easily watch the -movements of the vessels. Did they suspect him a deserter he .would see their boats making for the beach, and shore parties with them — organized to search the scrub in all directions. Soon, he hoped it would be very soon. Effectu ally hidden himself, the search party might pass and repass hie place of concealment, and return on board empty handed. He desired that the search might not be of long duration, lest he should be starved out or catch the terrible coast fever in this pestilential swamp. Full of these thoughts, he watched for the long white boats with the blue cross of St. Andrew on its field of snow flaunting over the stern of each. He watched also for the regular and beautiful man-o'-war dip of the oars, and listened for the music of the rowlocks. He strainedjhis eyes towards the Czarina, and the Vladimir especially, but no b6at or barge issued from under the booms of either of them ; but he became an actual witness to a little piece of naval sentiment and ceremony that brought great honest tears into his eyes. _ The fleet, taking their time from the Vladimir, ' scandal ized ' their yards, the Russian naval ensign on each of the vessels was lowered to half-mast, and a few guns were fired (a simple captain's salute) with an interval of a minute between each. Poor Oginski was thus an onlooker at his own funeral obsequies. Could he only hear so far, doubtless at this moment Father _ Christopher was praying for the repose of his soul, while his three favourite ' ' aspirants ' ' were making responses broken and interrupted with sobs. These honest fellows aboard the fleet were now mourning a promising young captain cut off untimely, in the very dawning of his pro motion. Oginski saw all this, and wept; yet conscience acquitted him of being a trickster, or aught resembling a a trickster. Towards afternoon, as he looked forth again, the lifts and braces were all in order, the yards squared, the flags mast- headed, and the fleet looking as trim, as grim, and as eaucy as ever. Soon he noticed a tiny pen cant flying, fluttering up to the admiral's peak like a white dove, and under it a number of flags. Next he saw the signal repeated by the Vladimir. Steam escaped in pale and wreaths from the steam-pipes. There was a curl «f taowy surge flung foaming up by the screws as they revolve. A cloud of brown, dense, coal smoke rolled awaj to leeward, and the Amur squadron, in two shut columns, -nith the Czarina and the \ ladimir leading, ?tood out of the bay , heading in a direction north-east. * x . S.H-^?TEB- J'V.— Lto tNT0 cAPTIVITy Jtist at the time when a full seniw security might have inspired Oginski with a hymn of thanksgmng, buried ?way his head and wep. 'Adieu for ever,' 'he ^aned *' old ships, old friends, old faces, old messmates !— never to be met again except (which may God in his mercy avert) in hostile rage and under a canopy of cannon smoke.' ' Dead' though not ' run' he exclaimed, smiling through his tears ; and standing up, naked as he was, he pushed wide the long and matted stalks of rice and waved his arms in the direction of the departing squadron. He stood looking — still looking seaward with both hands extended, his eyes full of tears, and his white body, smitten by the rays of the morning sun, gleamed, as must have gleamed the neat white rrmy statue of Jove carved by Phidias himself, in the glow of the sun of antiquity. A strange and uncouth sound of voices saluted his ear , it waB the rude uncultured tone of the rural labourer, the same all the world over. The voices approached him; 00 did the great thick lips of the speakers. Another moment and the naked man was surrounded, overpowered, aud a prisoner. The villagers simply contented themselves with tying his wrists behind him ; one, more human than the others, threw a loose garment over his shoulders ; but two ethers, gathering up the slack of the cords, drove him before them, flourishing their bamboos the while. Aster proceeding in this fashion for about four miles /'?me out upon the banks of a dark and nar row but lapidly running river; this they followed in a north-wester^ direction until they sighted their village, pretty and picturesque in the distance, with its bamboo roofs and quaintly curved eaves, its tall poles by the man darin's house, with ^wallow-tailed goulalons — all this embowered in the gayest gt«enery imaginable. A flower boat was moored by the margin if the stream, and a sampan and some other small trading craft nere drawn up alongside a rude jetty, projecting at an angle &om; the main tho roughfare. Moored out at a little distaimo again from these was a string of ''arks,' or living boats, overshadowed by the foliage of trees that leaned over the river's bank, o.ad which resounded with the note of the wood-pigeon. But, charming as this appeared in the enchantment lending distance, Oginski was horror-struck at the squalor and filthiness revealed on a nearer approach. He had never seen humanity so herded and huddled together before— cottages crammed, yards alive with children, ducks and pigs, living boats or 'arks' literally crowded with per sons of all ages. Many of the smaller children, and even the merest infants, were girded about the loins with a piece of yam, made of banana- fibre, and to this was attached, like a St. John's bottle, a dried gourd or calabash, to act as a life-buoy in case of a tumble overboard. 'Xfaen there was a smell of the cooking, not always savony (at all events to European nostrils). The strong and weedy flavour of the smoke where 'John' the gardener was burning his everlasting rubbish-heap — an odour stroigly suggestive of pigs and ducks — the heavy and sickening fumes of the opium-pipe, and also the gout of a peculiar oil used in the cuisine, permeated the whole atmosphere of the village. leien-lu is the name of this populous hamlet, but the l!^er Y^^k it in vain upon the map; and considering JuL?16 -uJ? when Lord Elgin went to the Pei-Ho, the eet sailed several miles inland, and over the tops of moun ms, by _me beBt Admiralty chart than extant — possibly ^JPhibious squadron gave Tsien-lu the ' go-bye' iuTj1? the mght, and so the hydrographers had no bearings tv i.-jkereby to fix its position. Notwithstanding all «.♦ ?j™6. drawbacks, Tsien-lu remains a stubborn and Jn^e.8to? fact to this day. & before a rural authority, presumably lanenap mavor, and by reason of his ignorance of the stamen * having no statement to make, nor remon r» ^a® assigned as a servant to a man who v-nt jfa1*ery. extensive market gardens on the further j nyer. His master releasing him from his ducted hSSffidltoSSj. th°Ugl1 COn' i. ^r8'; he shared a hut with two of the gardeners. fpltnuTE ^ them) c\umiy and simple-minded ? «HhIl5^V ?r€tpretty well with then,; did his fair share ; the l«n rk required of him; set himself to acquire ; One 811(1 adopted a Chinese name and costume. I to BBeSf^v mado 8ufficiellt progress in Chinese master a a certain slow correctness, he went to Kin a hamv-fii Anting him humbly, asked permission to erect ?'d) with ni *or himself. He had no fault to find (so ho j hie, an idpn1 |F his comrades ; it was simply a whim of i 1 too) to nmk would work early and late in the garden ' raisin® nr,A for the time that would be consumed in i crowning hie little edifice. The master, who, like most fat men, was good-natured, suffered Oginski t select a suitable site, and even went himself to assist b™ in staking out the ground. The skeleton or framework was soon in position, and Oginski, in labouring -with that love which is only possible over one's own house, was the admiration of the whole squad of gardeners, bearers, and boatmen. Never was such a house. Like ours true, only vastly better — ah, so very much better. In short, ' John ' soon learned to for mulate for himself the idea which had long before been latent to all the world besides. 'For an emergency-man there is no man like a sailor.' Pitchfork him down any where, no matter where, give him the run of a tool box, leave a few yards of cord in his way — and he wants no more. Maroon him on a West Iudian quay, cast him away on the Great Barrier Reef of Flinders and La Perouse, or turn him adrift in the wilds of Australia, or even in a Chi nese village — it is all one ; like a cat he will light on his feet; and, like an intelligent and organising being, will bring order out of disorder, the beauty of neatness out of the baldest and most deplorable tanieness. There will be no fag-end about his place. Nails will be driven in deftly, screws put in gingerly , and where knots or whippings of string should be you won't have big ugly lumps of yarn to disgrace the operation with their presence — but the real thing strictly man-o'-war fashion, and according to Hamil ton Moore. The real object of the neat little house was, as may easily be imagined, towards the prospective escape of the builder ; but so industriously and so lovingly did he work at his bamboo palace that anyone might have been forgiven for ' believing that he really meant to live there for good. This was precisely the view that his kind master took of the matter. He sent for him -ne morning just after the men had returned from loading the vegetable boats, and said, ' Chin- Lee, that house of yours is very good, but not good enough. I want you now to put two wings to it. You will find them very handy, and your own proper place will be the centre pavilion.' To hear was to obey, though Oginski scarcely knew what to think of his master's drift. 'Ah!' he exclaimed, at last, as if a sudden light had broken in upon him, ' Chinaman-like, he is jealous. When my new house is quite ready he will turn out of his own place and offer to exchange with me. Well, that even wouldn't matter so much, if I could only manage to have the place, wherever it is, all to mysself . Chapter LVI. — A Frozen Fountain. In about six months from this time, just as Chin-Lee is most busy with his irrigation and his Chinese cabbages, letters from the squadron arrive in St. Petersburg. Some little stir is made in naval circles by the report of the death by drowning of Captain Oginski, so lately appointed to the Vladimir. The news falls on Natalie's ears, but she can not believe it ; it is all the more difficult to realise as she does not see the event itself, or any of the incidents in the chain of events leading up to it. There is a profound sensa tion in Captain de Latbuche's family, and old Mr, Wad dingtcn, who has just called, looks quite worn aud pale. He makes a pretence about probabilities, and advises Natalie to keep up her heart. Everything, he says, is pos sible. ' Let a little time roll by, my dear young lady, and then, either you will be more reconciled to the ' inevitable ' or else you will have some good ground for hope again ; but I had rather see you regularly give way, and have a good cry, than preserve this unnatural* calm. I don't like it. It is sure to come, only give it time, for you are young and affectionate. As forme, I have not a tear left to shed — past the crying age — that's why I shun all emotion. It is bad for my poor old heart which is not so strong as it ought to be. I have no tears to give relief, and so must endure the ache. I don't abandon all hope, but I own that the risks one runs at sea are many, even in the calmest weather.' Natalie thanked Mr. Waddington for his sympathy, but as he left the room he observed in her eyes the stony, fixed expression of a person dazed or half-stunned with a great blow. Chapter LVII. — Mr. Waddington. Next day good kind old Mr. Waddington called again, and got word from the bonne that mademoiselle was just the same as yesterday — cool, calm, and impassive, but sometimes saying sharp and satirical things, and laughing unnaturally. Mr. Waddington pondered gravely over this intelligence as he stumped home upon his timber-toe. ' The young woman's brain is bound to 'give,' said the old tar to himself, ' unless we can get her (as it occurred to me before; to have a good cry. Now, the sooner she has her cry out the better.' When he got home he went to an upright press in his bedroom, where he kept some coats hanging on pegs. There was a lower drawer. Now in this lower drawer happened to lie a Russian naval uniform cap, with its little oval badgfe' in silver, gold, and black enamel, also a pair of white leathergloves. Oginski, prompted- by what motive is unexplained, had presented these to him as a souvenir before he sailed on his last cruise in the Czarina. Mr. Waddington also drew out a card-board box, laid the cap in it wrong side up, and in this again the white gloves, which were not flat, but show ing the shape of the fingers as if just pulled off ; also the little piece of paper in Paul's familiar writing which had accompanied the present. 'From Paul Oginski ' on one side ; on the other, ' Remember me,' with the date of the Czarina's sailing added. Having neatly packed these, and properly addressed the parcel, he took it in his own hand to the terrace in the Newski Perspective, and seeing the bonne , explained his scheme to her. ' See,' said he, 'here (in his best French) the cap and gloves of monsieur.' ' Yes, monsieur.' ' Now, you are to unpack these privately by yourself, anttlo-y them on the table in the ante- room just as you find them, the t-o.p undermost, with its top down, and the white gloves, you see, an if just drawn off, laid across upon it, and thiB little strip of paper please to put like this under the gloves.' ' Yes, certainly, monsieur.' ' I propose that when mademoiselle comes to cross the ante-room she shall suddenly see these relics of monsieur — experience a strong emotion, and be cured.' ' Cured, monsieur ! — how ? ' ' You shall see, my good soul, and most probably, if you are in the way at the moment, she will throw herself upon your neck and cry and be cured. Then my advice to you is this— let her ciy on, don't attempt to stop her. I know you will try to console her, but check yourself in this desire for a time, and let her grief have full play.' 'I comprehend perfectly, monsieur. This is a really beautiful plan.' And as Mr. Waddington retreated, the old bonne said to herself, ' This monsieur has been made an Englishman by mistake.' Sometimes, seeing a cap and gloves of a person lying on a table, one recognises them as the cap and gloves of some one in particular. They have acquired individuality. The cap has got a certain 'set,' and the gloves retain all the air of the hands themselves. Here now was Natalie passing along, walking from room to room, as was her custom in the early part of the day. She see6 the well-known cap and gloves on the ante- room table. Could it be possible ? She started, and ran up to the table with a sudden exclamation, whether of surprise or delight, or both, the bonne does not know ; but she did make a sudden exclamation. ' He must be in the drawing- room. He ha6 escaped from drowning after all, and come to see me first of any, now that he has returned,' and she ran, bounding and leaping wildly as she went, into the drawing-roem— not stealing in, as she had done at Jaroslav when he came back from his Brazilian cruise. No one there ! — Not a soul ! The pen dule on the mantelpiece ticked regularly and with a pulse like shake that was wearisome. The cinders fell with a tinkling sound from the red coals in the grate. The rustle of her own dress, and the sound of the beating of her own heart, were both painfully acute in the almost absolute silence of the apartment. She strode out, quite with long stepB, and passing her extended fingers through her beauti ful hair and across her forehead. Arriving at the ante room table, she took up the gloves one after the other, and j examined them ; then, lifting the cap, regarded it strangely for a few seconds, and the inscribed piece of paper ab it fell \- wavering to the floor, struck and fixed her attention. ' From Paul Oginski,' and ' Remember me.' Every circumstance connected with this finding of the cap and gloves had told upon her, and vividly restored to her tfre Paul that had been, and presented to her fancy theawful reality of hisdeath. For the first time Natalie began to realise. Thelittleoval badge on the cap, with its concentric bands of gold, black enamel, and silver, began to emit vivid rays of light extending from its centre as she viewed it now in the sunlight through a brimming pair of eyelids whose long and beautiful dark lashes was running over with tears. She gave one great deep sigh of relief, fell down on her knees before the table, and with her arms crossed over the cap, laid her cheek against it, fairly gave way to her sorrow, and in a series of sobs and sighings began to experience the proper healthful condition that Mr. Waddington had predicted for her. Some days further on Mr. Waddington called, and under seal of secrecy confided to her the idea that Alexis had conceived. There was a vagueness about it that did not preclude hope ; therefore she determined to hope, to wait, and to act. Chapter LVIII. — The Bird Flown. The house which Oginski had built served its turn. His arrangements were complete, and the hour drew near in which he calculated on putting his scheme of escape into execution. Taking a certain amount of brass money, or ' cash,' with him on a string tied about his waist, he gently crept out of the house after midnight, and bade adieu to it for ever. What plans bad he not revolved there in his mind for escape! What dreams had he not had there of Natalie. How many months had he not chafed over a detention which kept him inactive and powerless so far as Poland or Natalie was con cerned. He walked leisurely down to the river, and finding a punt or scow, ferried himself across to the further bank, where a small outward-bound junk happened to be lying. He walked about till morning, and going on board just as the crew had finished their breakfast, he begged for a passage to Canton. Yes, he could have a passage to Canton, provided he ' worked' it. Chin-Lee joyfully assented; he did not accept the nominal ' shilling a month ' to be put on the ship's articles. The little junk had none, but he went 'before the mast' all the same. Chin-Lee was no longer a plougher of 'the land, but of the sea. Chatter LIX.— Charles H. Smith, A.B. ' Port of Canton. For London direct, with the season's teas. The magnificent Clyde-built ship Cuttie Sark, of the Robert Burns line of China clippers, 1146 tons register, A1 for 13 years. J. Macdonald, master. — Wanted, a few able seamen to complete the erew of the above. Articles must be signed and the hands aboard not later than the 16th in stant. Apply on board, or to Messrs. Crowdie and Rose man, agents, 'Custom-house Quay, Canton.' Standing and reading the above poster, which was in the largest of type, is a tall man, in a very new suit of what is known to the seaman technically as 'slops;' these in the present instance consisted of a loose blue serge frock and trousers and a portentous palm-leaf hat with the eaves turned up all round to catch every available drop of rain from the skies. He has a broad leathern belt clasped about his loins with a brazen serpent, and from a very white cottony-looking lanyard depends a rough knife, of the kind known to the initiated and 'the trade' as a 'Dover.' The face of the man is grand, and handsomely bronzed by the sun — a face that would be imposing even were the body arrayed in the trappings of an emperor. There is a world of sweetness as well as of determination in the mouth; the clear blue-grey eyes are just of the sort that could flash fire and kill one with a look— great, honest, steadfast eyes, that look you in the face steadily as he speaks — living vouchers to his honesty and audacity. As to his figure, it is square, stalwart, and well knit; every pose represents power and grace combined. In short, he looks the kind of man to be a leader among his fellows on board under ordi nary circumstances; stung with a sense of injustice or oppression, a ringleader. 'Tis but a very fine line indeed that divides the murderer in the twelfth degree from the hero. A few minutes later and he is descending the stone steps that leadMown from Messrs. Crowdie and RoBeman's office, where he has just subscribed the articles of the Cuttie Sark in a bold iind unfaltering hand — ' Chas. H. Smith, A.B.' * ***** Green water to--]ay, blue water to- morrow, foul and fair, storm and change, but the Cuttie Sark still holds her own, sliding and gliding along with the light breaths of air (which leave heavier sailers behind as if anchored in mid ocean), or else tearing and hissing through the water like a meteor in just a bit of a gale, and with one reef out in her upper topsails. Sail io hand, furl, reef, and stow ; sail to make or to bend, the practical seamanship af knotting, splicing, serving, and parcelling to attend to ; these, with soup and bouilh or salt junk and preserved potato, made up, along with the ordinary hard biscuit and a pull at the grog-tub, the sum of life on board the Cuttie Sark to Charles H. Smith. Sometimes it went to the howl of a nor'-wester, but ofttimes to the strains of a moBt tunable fiddle. Round the cape of storms went the Cuttie Sark, but with out encountering Adamastor. On, up through the East Atlantic, in the regular track of the Indian and Australian 'homeward-bounders,' through the glad blue waters of the tropics, under the deep ultramarine of a tropical sky ; flying- fishes skipping before her, and sharks and pilot fishes dancing attendance or dangling in her wake; be calmed in the 'doldrums,' but still moving, the Portugese man-of-war aud the crimson- sailed nautilus for her com panions. On from tropic to tropic, across the Line— the Line this time without its saturnalia, for we grow more and more practical year after year, even in the midst of the wild romance of the sea; passing vessels by the dozen, exchanging friendly signals, picking up news, dipping colours in farewell compliment to many, and ' showing a clcan pair of heels ' to all. Thus on and on, past Pico, Flores, and the rest, for Teneriffc was a blank, having been run by during the night. ******* After a wet dark night the breezfe begins to freshen ; the waves, no longer blue, arc muddy-looking and crested with surge. St. Agnes's light, on the most outlying of the Scifly Isles, glimmers like a red star over the port bow ; this the Cuttie Sark 'fetches' and passes just as it is extinguished in the grey of the morning. She begins now to 'walk' briskly up' Channel, with a spanking nor' wester nearly abeam, and heaves her mainyard aback just outside Pendennis Castle, while Falmouth and St. Mawes open gradually to the right. The signal for a pilot is run up to the fore in a little ball, which, being 'broke,' flares out suddenly like an unprotected gas-jet in a windy street. Presently a smart little cutter (how English she looks, to be sure! — substantial, but saucy) comes dancing off gaily from the shore out through the grey water, with a couple of reefs in her mainsail. She lies handsomely over to the gale, bursts of foam flying off like steam from her plunging and curveting bows. She ' makes' the vessel ; her sail is lowered, hauled on and gathered in, the wet ropes rustling, grating, and groaning hoarsely in the sheaves of the wet blocks ; while the pilot 'shins' gro tesquely up the side, now almost perpendicular, by a drip ping wet rope that serves as a baluster. The cordage of the little cutter plays and slats against her lance-like mast, and that sways to and fro with regular rhythm over the top of the Cuttie Sark's monkey-sail like the rod of a metronome. A man with a hearty Cornish face, red, wet, and broken veined from exposure to the elements — this is our pilot; his grey whiskers are pearled with spray, and in his yellow oilskins, running over with sea water, he looks like some fantastic Neptune who has arrayed himself freakishly in a sut of golden armour. .A few minutes for breathing- time, and the 'latest news,' with a whole knot of people swarming about him. The paper of the day passes into the captain's possession ; and then the pilot solemnly takes the good ship over and assumes full command. ' Up tacks and sheets ! Stand b v your lee and weather raainbraces ! Easy there go — hand- somely round with her ; very well then ' — and the main yard veers slowly and majestically round, with all the ( darkly shadowed and rain-soaked canvas above and below it— so quickly, so airily, and with such grace that one is - irresistibly reminded of a hawk hovering over a farm-yard and changing his course mid -air by a simple inclination of one wing. The pilot, holding on steadily to a dripping back-stay, bellows forth something gruff, unintelligible, and rapid through the hollow of one hand, to two figures with ruddy faces m in a cutter beloWf a little to winawanl and in rear. They reply something unheard. Handsomely the cutter peaks her mainsail, and the Cuttie Sark of . Glasgow and the Saucy Sally of Falmouth file away, on their respective courses. Now Captain Macdonald, who joins the p3ot in his walk on the weather side, seems suggesting something excitedly. His reign is over, for this voyage at all events, and he can but suggest; for the Cuttie Sark now owes no master but John Tregellas. Their brief consultation over, John Tregellas bawls out, ' Mister Jones ! You can get them e'yal an' to'gallan stunscls ready forrard there. Run away aft, .boys, with them stunsel halliards. Give her the flying jib, sir: Over haul your tacks and sheets, and heave away on them jib halliards. Now let her off a bit — just a point and a half, quartermaster (I know her style),' — ana. much nautical jargon to other effect. The Cuttie is now dashing up Channel like a racehorse. It a stern chase and a long chase. She is in mad pursuit, and piling on canvas wherever she can take it, and the reason of it all lies in a nutshell. Mr. Jones, the second mate, made out half an hour since the house-flag and number of the Amethyst, a notable clipper belonging to a rival line, and which had cleared out of Canton a good week before ihe Cuttie. 'Give it her!' suggested Captain Macdonald almost imploringly. ' Pile it on ! Only pile it on, and with Smith at the weather-spokes of the wheel we are bound to take the first of the season's tea into the Thames.' Chapter LX.— Channel Race'of the Tea Clippers. The Cuttie Sark at length overhauled her chase in mid channel, and then ensued a race which, had it been pre meditated, might have become as historical as that in which the famous Chrysolite figured. For miles on miles along the coasts of Devon and Hampshire people of all ranks and grades hurried out in the wildest excitement to watch these flying pyramids of canvas based upon the frothing and flying surface of the surge. Every available stitch of canvas was set on either vessel, and all 'drawing' studding-sails, water-sails, stay- sails, and ringtails supple menting with their flying kites the ordinary area of ser viceable cloth; still, though skysail poles were aloft in both ships, neither carried anything heavenward above the royals. The house-flag of the Robert Bums line— argent, a mavis proper seated on a branch vert, with the legend ' Wood notes wild '—literally blew itself into tatters from the main royal mast-head of the Cuttie Sark ; the tall and massive but gracefully proportioned spars bent over like fishing-rods before the north-westerly blast, and the scuppers were all in a smother of foam. The Cuttie Sark forged ahead of the Amethyst, and, gallantly maintaining her lead, was half a length and more in advance as she swept past under Walmer Castle -; and, drawing still more distinctly ahead, she shot past the Gull Lightship, and rounding-to (as the wind no longer answered), came handsomely to an anchor in the Downs a good hour and a half before her competitor. This closed not only the race, but the voyage proper in either case. The remainder from the Downs to the docks was an affair for the tugs. As for Captain Macdonald, he was nearly crazy with joy — ' clane demented,' as the old Highland steward had it, in his version of the story. At all events he kept steadily eyeing the chase, which he likened, skipper and ship toge ther, to Tam o' Shanter and his grey mare, and crying out, ' Well dune, Cuttie Sark ! ' The Cuttie, as we have said, was in the hands of a first rate Channel pilot, but there was also another man on board, and he it was who held the weather-spokes of the wheel throughout the whole race without being relieved. He had passed creditably in Channel pilotage too. To see him with his bold unwinking gaze fixed now on the weather leeches of 'his canvas, now on the preventer backstays and bowlines, was a study. He held the ship in the same fine firm style, well in hand, and with the same intrepidity, as did a certain jockey the famous Gladiateur in one of the most remarkable races on record. The move ments of the vessel found expression in his countenance — the nerves and muscles about his temples and at the corners of his decided mouth indicating by their play the exciting strain upon his mind and the amount of it. All the brief, terse, and rapid orders of the master-pilot were executed with the most wonderful and seemingly easy precision. Ah, Natalie de Latouche, were any gipsy out of all the woods to tell you to-day that Charles H. Smith, at this moment driving a 'tea waggon' up Channel, was your . husband elect, how you would turn up that pretty utile French nose of yours in the air ! The steersman of the Cuttie Sark received a douceur in gold from the owners. One of {the Caledonian crew of the Cuttie who 'assisted' (as the French say) at the melting down of the reward — 'tis a man from Poplar who tells the story (so we won't be answerable tor the Scotch). It was the grandest bit 'o' steerin' he iver saa.' The grand ' pleughin' match in the mearns was a fule tilt; and didna Smith iest haud his stilts (his spocks he meant) like a Trojan!' And Smith, alias Chin-Lee, alias Oginski, was pro mised a quartermaster's billet if he would only 6tickto the Robert Burns line of China clippers; but Heaven had ordered it otherwise. Oginski (he nas no further need of his ' purser's name ') had read the newspapers and serials, minglod in the London crowds, travelled in omnibuses, flattened his handsome nose against shop windows, con versed with everybody he met, and as a quick result of his general inquiry determined that there was nothing at pre sent to indicate any extraordinary vitality in Poland. The affair of which he had been advised in the enclosure contained in his brother Severius's letter, though not ex actly a fiasco, had resulted in a long postponement, and in silence that was deep, dull, and ominous. Later in the day Oginski ran up against a compatriot, who confirmed mm exactly in the impression he had received. Oginski, seeing then that the pear was far from being so ripe as represented, resolved to seek for work to do on shore, and, securely sheltered under the embracing and interlacing arms of the Crosses of St. George, St. Andrew, and St. Patrick, determined to try his luck, or rather his skill, or perhaps both together, in a British building-yard. A Cuttie Sark man, and a messmate too, one Donald Ferguson, who somewhat vagely hailed from ' the Clyde,' was going up to Greenock by rail, and he painted the ' yards' on that river in such glowing colours that Oginski (still, however, Charles H. Smith to Gaelic Donald) took a third-class ticket for the north, and off they both set by the night train. Two sailorlike men, with very sailorlike bundles done up in big handkerchiefs, left the carriages at the Glasgow ter minus, and there our hero vanishes for the present. Chapter LXI. — The Czar's Pardon. Our hero, when last we saw him, had juBt arrived at the Glasgow terminus, in company with a Cuttie Sark man, a messmate of his, one Donald Ferguson. He had travelled hither with the view of becoming, like Czar Peter, a prac tical and able shipwright. The banks of the Clyde, as is well known, are famed for . their extensive and well-found building-yards ; and it was in one of these that he determined to utilise his days of exile, and put in practice the theoretical knowledge of naval ' architecture that he had acquired in St. Petersburg. * * * * * * * A whole romance, and a beautiful romanoe. too, might be written in a building-yard, for there is a rich fund of poetic material in such a place always at hand ; but we have iibt ' the time nor the space either to follow Oginski through all ] the processes of the craft, seeing his keels laid down -m the blocks, his ships in frame, his auger-work and treenails, his planing and adzing, broad-axe and caulking-iron work. So we might follow him on at great length. Hero we - merely indicate sketchily, and speaking thus we may notice . that he makes himself proficient, rises slowly, but surely, ' and finally becomes superintendent of the yard and the ! possessor of a comfortable competency. Nordiahestophere. ' Most of his spare time he occupied in reading, writing, and ' scientific experiment. He made few acquaintances . fewer friends, as he considered this the most prudent ''1 ' discreet course under the circumstancoe. * .* * * * * * jr About this time the author of these papers finds m Bdmburgh, and the guest of (he friend and legal adviser | -v u6*PBta: iber are smoking their pipes together, and thesdvpoftfe speaksas follows!— Oguiski has retired from (he yard ; the money that he tea may is secured in the English Funds; now he reads toe Stock ana share list with as much gusto as he once did tnvNaval Gazette; but over the head of the not too happy hangs the sword of Damocles. He hears that the fact of hie existence is no longer doubted in certain quarters in Russia, and fears lest disgrace should overtake him while on lie high-road to happiness, and land after *' 'few disagreeable and by no means romantic adventures, in Siberia. Under (he Extradition Treaty Russia could claim hi™ as a run-away subject, and even get the British Government to, forward him to St. Petersburg and to justice. It is this reflection that embitters his cup — the uncertainty too — the terrible uncertainty as to when — has been positively ageing him. I have been fortunate enough to give him salutary advice, and have helped to compose his mind, i One day, to his great astonishment, all unsolicited by him - self, his pardon arrives. It is addressed to my care from the Russian Embassy in London, and we read it together in a document stiffly official, curt, and unmistakable. He is pardoned and forbidden in future either to travel or reside in Russia. His face expanded, his heart grew lighter, that nightmare from which he had been suffering so long was now fairly chased away. A week afterwards he came to me, and actually blushing begged me to run my eye over the pages of a beautifully written letter in a female hand. It was in French, and the 6tyle tutoyant throughout. This is what 1 made out of it all : — A lovely and accomplished woman (I can readily believe her both) finds her way to the heart of the Empress, and so to the feet of the Czar. She is eloquence itself. The extradition ban, or rather the dread it inspires, is removed, and the entries touching Oginski's death in the naval records are left standing as matters of fact. Being ' dead,' his little property is free to go to his heira, the Crown making no claim. Thus is Oginski forgiven, benefited, and banished. The Czar has made no condition save one. ' You will pcrceive, mademoiselle,' said this truly mag nanimous sovereign, ' the propriety of your protege's never revisiting Russia. I hold him bound in honour to remain abroad. The reason (though I do not give it) must be sufficiently obvious.' This is about the ':pith' of a long narration, setting forth circumstantially all the particulars of in audience with the Czar in the spring of 18 — . Oginski's brilliant services in the defence of Sevastopol, and the impassioned eloquence of a beautiful woman, were the considerations, I believe, which acted thus favourably on the Czar. Shortly after the receipt of the official despatch, and the settlement ot the property, a certain Mademoiselle de La touche arrives in Paris from St. Petersburg, and the heart of Oginski j'b gladdened by the sight of her handwriting more frequently than usual. He tells me they still con tinue to correspond regularly, and that she is for the pre sent living with her aunt in the Avenue de l'Impera trice, near the Arc de Triomphe, Paris. 