MYSTERIOUS WILL . .WHAT CAME OF' IT... Y aTnE Ausnon of DECOYED FROM HER1 HOME CHAPTER XIX. BETWEEN LIFE AND DEATH.. "ow conimes death, and slowly lingers; :Wheroe poor suffering mortals dwell, Lay not Death, your icy fingers, , On the form I love so well!"--Aewo. IP Mr. Puddicomb is ever in his elemenit it is when he is pottering about in the garden. He is doing so now, having a regulr revel amongst thli'slugs and snails, the cabbages and the roses,, andc,enjoying himself as only a cockney can. The garden at Bow is little better than a back yard.; ' coin pared with the' gia!den at 'Bow, the Hill Peak garden is a little. Gardedn of Eden,. therefore, is Mr. Piiddicoiib supremely happy.. Mrs. Puddicomb, forgetting.that she is the guest of the master of the house, is helping old Margery, who is hob" bliiig between two rows of French beans., which are almost as tall as: herself. The two are having an inter esting conversation as to the .best way, of making mint sauce; when 'Hugh Leigh returns.::: . " Why, you are looking as white as a ghost !" exclaimed Mr: Puddicomb. "No ill news, I hope " .".,. ' ; .; At the sound of " ill news" Mirs. Puddicombe . rushes across the beds, dropping the beans-from- her apron as she runs. "I. have indeed heard bad newos," says Hugh. " My fiends I told you about this morning are all three dangerously ill with the fever..' " They were talking about it in the train," says Mr. Puddicomb.'° " They said it was like the plague in Iron town." "Itis indeed," says Hugh.li " Ov a hundred died of it last week. Are you afraid of the fever: ?" :: " Not for myself, but Mrs. P, is a dreadful womam for 'catching com plaints. . Why do you ask ?" "At the risk of frightening you .I mnush tell youthe truth.. I liae 'beeii far from well the last few days. Iwas: constantly with Mrs. Grey's grand children up till Tuesday night ; I may have 'caught the fever myself.':i ' e " " Aind if you do have the feeir," says Mrs. Puddicomb'" I shall think it fiortuinte that I am staying, at Hill Peak, for I havehad great experience of :sickness, 'and consider .'myself. a first-rate nurse.' . Aire': you not afraid of catching it. yourself ?" People seldom catch the fever a third time.' A week, goes by--a sad week:: to Hugh. Leigh. Each day--sometimes twice : daýy-he "goes' to : Gairstone Grange; but it is always.the same: news .:- l'rs. ...Grey's-..griandchildren are neithlie better' iioriVwors&' ,.; Sad 'tales : camoe from "Irontown- . tales of, parents dying ,and -children left to. starve--tales of people lying deadand - unburied for days--tales of court and and alleys where it is death to go. down. In somhei- streets black. flags :haig' from . the corner houses, -varning passers' by that the very air -which blows through those streets is the black breath of fever. A' fund is being raised to help those whose friends- and protectors have fallen victims to the Demon of Fever, ,Uand when the eodmmtteo call at Hill Pieali, Hugh Leigh gives fifty pounds. He also gives ten pounds to old arbarad Grey. At present, it is only, of use to pay the doctor,; but if the children recover they will be able to have better food than the usual fare of Garstone Grange. All things considered, .Mr. and Mrs. Puddicomb have a pleasant time at Hill Peak. They seldom leaye the place; for it is scarcely safe. to go to Irontown, and the common and counti'y lanes are too muddy for i people accustomed' to; tlhe paved streets of London ; but they have the garden, and when it rains' they have .the house, anti' that is' ll' they want. At the end of the week the sad- faced coachman comes to Hill Peak to chive: Eugh's guests away. "If ever :you come to London,"!': says Mr. Puddicomb, remember. your hiooie'is at Bow."''" " Omu 'ouse is a poor place after 'ill Peak,"' says the lady; " but Bow is a clheerful neighbou'hood, and e wnill do our lhutmost to make you 'appy." Then Hnugh.l is left' alone with his thoughts. 'What thoughts are they ? Aigeola is lying'ill, pei'haps dying, and -ugh may never see her again. Hugh Iuow that he would have many obstacles to, overcome before he could claim 'his love; but now there may bd au obstacle whiclh it is not for mortals to defeat.' ... Hughl Leigh does not catch the fevoei'. Consideriing that he held Angola in his 'arms and kissed her 'when the fever must have been in her -vbins and on her lips, it is strange 'thlat' he escaped. But there is a inysterious law in connection with con tagious diseases which is beyond the -wisdom of mortals to fathom. Hugh goes to Garsstone Grange, is tallking to old Barbara at the gate when Dr. Crawley comes out. He is a cross, disagroeeable-looking ,man, with penetrating eyes and a sneering mouth, more like a detectivo than the usual good-tempered, cheerful gentle men the members of the medical pro fession are as a rule. " This is hMr. Leigh," says old JBarbara, "the gentleman who lives at Hill Peak." "I must have a few words with Mr. Leigh," says the doctor; and he looks at Hugh as a policeman might look at iaman who is " wanted."' : (To be Continmed.) 