PORTLAND MR. W7UXON AT PORTLAND. (from our owy correspondent.) July 7. Mr. "Wrixon'e meeting held at (he Masonic H&U; last night, was the best attended and most enthusiastic political gathering I ever was pre sent at in Portland. On entering the hall, the hon. gentleman was received with tumultuous Applause, amid which he took his place on the .l-.lJnMH a44a.«Ia<I lit jllA kl A TlA. \f 1 T Ma.. riott, who was voted to the chair. The hall was densely packed to the very doors, and I thiuk I am safe in saying that at least 050 people were present. Mr. Wrixon said : — Mr. Mayor and Gentle men,— I am glad to meet you on the present occasion. Since last I addressed you, I have been placed in a difficult lwsition, and subjected to some misrepresentation, and.it is satisfactory to me to be here to-night 'to -exptain myself, face to face with the xnaBS of the people. I feel that I have touched earth, and am ready to meet all accusations against me, and answer them fully. (Loud cheers. ) Some friends, here and in Mel bourne, have raised the objection thai I have not kept faith with vmi. If this is true, vote against me; for whatever opinions a man may hold, if he promises one way and votes another, he should be rejected. If it is true that I ob tained your votes on one expression of opinion, and acted not in accordance with that expres sion. I deserve dismissal at your hands. But is . it true ?. It has been said that I came before i you an opponent of Mr. Berry. Perfectly true. ! 1 am quite as much opposed to him as ever, and my oomplaint against him was not that he was j not a Conservative, not that he had'eofjoined' the Conservative politicians who walk Collins- sueet and think to control tiie country, but that in pronouncing himself a liberal, he gave to liberalism a false aspect, and turned, it into a class cry. I told you I would not be & party to any such course of conduct. (Cheers and in terruption.) I must ask you to hear me, as lam accused, and wish to defend myself. You all knew nerfectly well that the idea of returning a mere Conservative was ridiculous. This consti tuency had been in Berryite hands for years, and you took tne up to fight the cause. A mere Collins-street Conservative would not have had the ghost of a. chance. ; (Cheers.) l had been twelve year# in active political life, and showed you (hat during (hat tune I had always been a true Liberal. I declared myself then, as I do now, a liberal, and I complained that Mr. Berry (not voluntarily, X believe,) allowed those he led to convert a political creed into & class cry. x condemned mm vnen as j. conaemn nun now. . I have not a word to retract of what . I sud last Febntaxy, and I WiU assni.iior?utuie Ministerial combination that wonld aee a politi cal principle degenerate into a ciy of class against class. Cheers.) g? (hoaecue my prin ciples, why, you would cay, do I object to Mr. Service's proposals ? Because, be would do the very thing I condemned in Mr. Berry. The Utter did it by setting the worse off against the Letter off, and the former does tiie same thing, but brgins at the other end. ' He pits the wealthy against the poorer classes, and I will be no party to any such course of action. 1 feel confident that the result would only be a recoil against the very class it is intended to benefit. The conduct that forced me in the one case to condemn class agitation, coerces me in tiie other to condemn it also. (Cheers.) There axe two leading features in the accusation brought against me. It has been explicitly stated that I never told (be electors of Portland my views on certain questions at issue, and that it would have been more honest had I stated my opinions on the Norwegian schemeand elimination clauses.' I hold in my hand the Argus of February 17, which oontains a summarised report of my speech, to this appear the words — " He did not believe in the Norwegian scheme. With the 6th clause he certainly agreed in so far that he did not believe in two Houses dealing with finance." (Mr. Must : " Who sent that report?) I do not hesitate to say that who ever sent it, I hold myself answerable for it. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) (Mr. Must : " Does it bear out the report in the local paper?' 1 am not answerable for reports, but I declare I said it, and more than once. (Loud cheers and confusion.) Why did not Mr. Must challenge me with this before, if he thought it untrue,, for I suppose he reads the Argus, and whybottie it up till now? I clearly recoiled saying that I did not believe in the Upper House controlling finance. I did not coine here and originate . this _ policy. . It has been a fixed ipnnopie wuu-me xor eieven years or more, l went into Parliament to enforce that view, and have never diverged from it. My friend, Mr. Must, must have known that I was mainly instrumental in defeating Mr. Francis's Nor wegian Scheme -BUI in 1874. My Conservative friend then patted me. on tiie bade and aaidl was a splendid fellow— loud laughter)— and my convictions remain Unchanged.' But look at my position now, and it .toadies me on a point oh which : I ' am very sensi tive: I came - here and told yon> I should actnp to xny old principles, and when I found- 'myself face to face with a proposal I object to, I find all xny Conservative friends shaking their heads and saying that if I did not turn round and turn traitor to all I had pre viously said and believed, I should be dubbai a criminal My friends never complained of my return on those principles, nor did they, quarrel with you for returning me, but only seem , angered because I gave my word and kept it. (Cheers.) But tben you will say I was returned to support the Service Ministry. There was, I admit, an implied understanding that I would support them, and I did so on several occasions, for I felt that the electors here had pronounced ' that Mr. Service should have a try. I gave my aid until the change came, and what was that ? Not a minor measure, on which a man may give and take, but an organic change in our Consti tution— a change to render it unlike any other Constitution on the face of the earth. How- erer anxious to support a party, a man should consider the welfare of the country, and (hat of generations to come after hiin. (Cheers.) If that change is for the worse— one to inake dead locks more numerous than ever— it is Idle to say (hat it must be supported to rait Jphriy emer- gencies. As the new Constitution would last for generations, audi & course would be unprin cipled, immoral. (Cheers.) Look at the pre sent Constitution ; it has produced deadlocks and evil social results, and there are aome who supported it, and assisted to frame it, "still living, f you say to any of them, how came you to be a party to this Constitution . they might answer, f< Well, I believed it to be a good one." So far, they are honest, but what would 1 you sayto n man who replied, " Well, I never be- lieve.1 in it. it i>- bad : hut then yon see I wanted to assist Haines r ('Jheeij lhut isthepowtion they want to put me in. (Loud cheers. ) But could I, holding my views, look my children in the face hereafter if I were to say thatl sup ported the present measure, though I knew it to he bad and dangerous, merely to oblige Mr. Service and his party ? My one objection to Mr. Service is his Reform Bill, and that I must deal with it on its merits ; to deal with it otherwise would only be to proclaim the degradation to which Conservatism had fallen. Now, what is this hill ? I may say it is one the people do not understand. I say it honestly, I do not believe the public realise or understand it, and I hope you will pardon me if I am a little prosy, for I want you clearly to comprehend it. There is a radical difference between the United States and English forms of government, to the former the two Chambers are merely Houses for making jaws, and have nothing to do with executive government. This Is carried on by persons elected fay the people. The English Constitution is entirely different. The Lower House is tiie Government of the day, and it elects a committee called a .Cnltixy, on which the whole harden of carxyug on tiie government devolves, also the duty of providing money for tiie purpose, so that when you talk of the Commons you talk practically of the Govern ment of (he country. Asa necessary incident of this there is wisdom in the principle that the Lower House should control finance. It neces sarily, folio wb from nucha condition of affairs. But if you nut tiie Government of the flay in the Lower House against the Upper Chamber, and divide tiie financial responsibility, you pro- dune confusion and disaster and take away from the people the right of taring themselves and spending their own money. Mr. Gladstone, the highest authority on finance in the world, says this distinctly, that control of money mattexs must be vested in the Lower House to preserve intrity in financial matters and allow the lieople to regulate their own taxation. If you adopt Mr. Services scheme you clearly abandon this privilege— ( No, no," and loud cheers.)— . and it is capable of demonstration. Under this measure any tax bill if passed by the Assembly may be rejected by the Council, and the' process repeated, after which comes a penal dissolution, and, in the event of continued disagreement, a meeting of the two Houses in one, in which a majority of the Lower may be utterly swamped. If anyone can tell me how the Lower House is thus to control finance, he will be a mystery to me. This lengthy process would Jake about two years to cany out, and I could not&dvocate; a course by means of which the Assembly would be required to go through sucha lengthy ordeal to get their tax bills through. What Govern ment could be carried on so ? The only answer I have heard is — 41 Oh, the Upper House would have more sense, kc. " — (laughter) —but if both Houses had good sense there would be no need of reform at -all ' Cheers.) present the Upper Hcuse has a legal right to reject a hill, but must not exercise it save under very exceptional circumstances. But if you adopt, this new machinery, says the Council, tne countiy has devised a plan to help usjto work out our objections. - ffa tax bill goes flip now the Council |may pass it, if it is clesr that the, country is In favor - of it, " though it may be of an objectionable character, like (he Land- tax, for instance, but under Mr. Service's measure, no conscientious man would act so. He would aay the law has been changed, English precedent has been departed from, and now my objections are to be -worked out, and I must avail myself of the opportunity if I do not believe !in the bill! The common answer that the Council have too much mod sense to do this or that, is all nonsense, anal would ask, what is the good of providing all this machinery if it is not to be used ? If Ibis schemeis adopted, the )>ower of the Assembly is gone. And now as to the Appropriation BilL The Council has a legal right at present to throw it out, in case any monstrous proposition is included in it. They would have a right to reject if they aaw dearly that the countiy -was against it. Now, however, it is proposed to take that right away, and by some process, to admit of watch being kept over everjr item, so that on any vote of money being included to 'which they' object, tbey may send down a. polite note, the Assembly to take It out of tiie bilL (Inughter and loud cheers.) . The principle is, that they cannot reject, but can object to item after item, and request -their . elimination to be sent up subsequently as separate measures. Then comes the double dissolution, and ' afterwards the joint sitting. Ordinary votes to enable acts, such as land-tax Bills, "to be CaiTlCU UUb, (iUUlU 111 OUCJMIbC 1WI two years, and possibly, ultimately rejected, and t would ask how can any Government be carried on on such terms? If the Assembly votes money to work a tall and the Council objects/ where is your control of finance? It is all a delusion and a snare. We are told, too, that this will prevent deadlocks. It is ridiculous ; and I venture to predict that should this measure pass into law, you will have more deadlocks during the next five yean than you had the last 20. If passed, you will see my words come true. (A Voice: "It will never I ass," and loud cheers.) No, it has not 'a ghost of & show. (Cheers.) Suppose this. law to have been in foroe when Mr.; Beriy Jiat on (he Treasury benches with his large majority behind htm. Suppose him -to have put on the esti mates £20,000 to enforce, say the Land- tax, and the Council had sent him a polite note to take the item out, would that have been the end of it? would that huge majority have put their hands in their pockets and quietiy submitted ? .Not a tat ofdt; and would the Ser$oe machinery in such a case have prevented ('deadlock? You would have had disturbance and bitterness, such ns was never seen before. : Would it bring pekoe or safety to have the Upper House continually intermeddling in eveiy dky government? Not it We should not be Englishmen if we sub mitted to it. (Loudrcheere.) Yet, many whom - I respect, say is there to be no check on the AQuistay and no control rf/the Lower House? Let us see what is in the question. : In the first place, the House cannot vote a Sixpence of money until tiie Crown has asked for it Now, it would be neoessaiy.to have £wo qpmbining" forces to push a wrong vote., through j first, a corrupt Government to ask it ; secondly, a3 ..4- AmahiUi. LinaM Uiif aVAH vnrk a demoralised Assembly, bad grants of money, though bed eaough, would- be As least pi the . ivils. - "We should hare ootxiipt- Appointments to the Bench, corruption amongst Civil Servants, fceorat motaey expenditura, /blackguards ap pointed to the County Court bench, with whom neither opr. Jim nor character. would be fcafo, "jobbery m contracts, the iput. rency tampered with, and other abuses. These would be the real evils, it ia all a delusion. Von wish to change our Constitution entirely to remedy the lightrat evil we are subject to Ton would revolutionise the State machinery, and <)o it ati.- without touching the evils we have most to dread. (Mr. Host: "fold yet you would give this House the power of the purse?" "Uproar and oonfusion.) The bad votes Objected to would be as nothing. I ap/ieai to Mr. Must, wbo has bad some Parliamentary experience, and ask him bow many bad money votes have occurred dining the"psnt 'twenty yeant Not' .ee if men, want to do evil they don't jgo". about it openly. Theywouia take the money" from some -suspense aoeount, give some sham idb and pay for work that was never done, some soew loose about weontact. That would be the plan, not by any open vote that would be under /the supervision of the presa and entire .public. "Why t leu should we resort to a re- 1 volntionaiy proceeding tq,fieal with what is aftercaUnojeya?. For my ownpsrfl win never be a party to nprettiiig tho Wnfliah Conrtata- tion for"; any newfonded idea, at any rate 111 not take part in fids" "absurdity, unless to oppote ityuntfl someone can show me «u>me, tangible good in it, and no one oan " Oifer ®o Hurt (Cheers.) The truth is that flie great eeconiy of the country resta wito the foBenffily rtaelf. If reliable men are cent then'there is no need of strsnge and complinatad madrinery.. if die- honest men are returned ) it all foe machinery in foe world would be aa uaelcss to etap foe tonentof corruption as a Uttte monnd of aand to resist foe action, of foe aea. Our greet. security lies,- -too, witn roe poouc, «» mwj should discharge their duties honestly, i both as representatives and /electors. It ia saJd-'gsjn that the Upper HouBe willbe no longir claaa house. Wetf, I agree vnfoMfc Service in his redaction of the qualification : to- £16 toehold and £20 leasehold, though I would be willing to; go as low M the ratq»yme' ron. J ientroated Mr. Service to take the half .of his Rill only, and that .would hare .been naasecLfhut he re fused. The Council woldd Stdl-be'-the reprer wj ntati ve body of the well- to-do classes, and my conviction is that such a. dmnon of ctaases is foe most fatal mistake. Ihare been called a Oonser-i vati ve, but wli&terer; i may be named, I believe in . honest stable Government, and I also believe that in no way can we obtain true Conservatism , but by. operating on .the. mass of foe pecpte: themselves. In this I differ from ordinary ao- called Conservatives, who are all for a division < of-interestc. This inll still divides foe people. It pita one class against another, and though at may be called Conservatism, it is not my kind, < which is the Conservatism :of foe - cottage. Everyone is Conservative to an extent— in lore of their children, their ieauntry, and respecc for the law ; and you bare to get at font, not by dividing classes, but by making your way with the mass of the people. This is my posi tion r i will mover, fond R hand to turn either Conservatism or . liberalism into a class cry. . It is the rock on winch Governments hare split, hitherto, and Ml Rervioe'a bill will tend to the same erid. At to the Norwegian trireme, I op- noeed it in .1874 and I object to rt now, though I S here swallowed elthatrf tte finmiMl elapses had' been left, out .two. Houses meet, they etar/pass tayfoingfoeyKke. Zhfo is ealfod.fodvtitBtiWltiirn, Toysan 1874 ! it was revolutionism; and I call it absolutism. (Cheers.) Mr. Berry has made some new pro posals, which seem to me to give a fair basis for settlement, with certain modifications, but I will support no bill until I see it. Don't mis understand me when I eay this, or think that I am going to support Mr. Berry's proposals, of necessity. I will agree where X and differ where I must, and I allude to Mr. Berry, sub ject to this limitation, to all that affects my country and the laws under which my children must live after tne, I shall strive to do my duty, kit X will never support any constitutional alteration that I believe to be bad, from what ever party it may emanate. (Cheers.) I have said so much on (ho Reform question. On general politics my opinions have undergone no change, and you know my views. I shall be happy to answer any questions .put to me, but bear in mind (hat though I rfcy he hounded down by both sides, so long as X am your repre sentative I tell you no shams. X say what I be lieve to be right and true, and I ask your toler ance where we differ in. matters of opinion. I trust sincerely you will realise to the toll the serious responsibility under which you will re cord your votes to-morrow -week. Bemember you are voting on a question that affects the destiny of your country. Don't he led on by this insane cry that you are bound to support a Government and bring up a had scheme of re form which will injure the country. Even some of its- leading supporters do not believe in it To the less urosperous amongst you I say, raise no class cry;, do not connect yourselves with any class agitation whatever, hut hold fast to unity of political citizenship ; (he belief that we axe all one, and resist all attempts to separate you from "any other class. Don't believe every thing you see in print or everything you are told, but vote according to your consciences, and remember that in deciding on my prospects on Wednesday week you are also deciding on your own. Mr. Wrixon ..sat down amidst long-continued and enthusiastic applause. Mr. Must: If Mr. Wrixon opposes Mr, Ser vice's Inll and is antagomstio to Mr. Berry, where will' he eit when Parliament meets, and what position will be take up tte our representa tive? Is it his ' intention to join a third party? Mr. Wrixon : Very fair questions. As tar as constitutional change go, 1 wfll follow no party to give theppuntrya had onelood cheers)— " but (Eat out of the way I trill 'steadfly 'support the best 'Mihistry lcan get -.i /was always a consistent supporter of- a good Government, and I'm not going to tit on a rail for ever. X .-will never vote for a bad constitution to serve any party. Mr. Huxley : What about ulural voting ? XTr Wrixon : I am opposed to it- Mr. G. Pettifer : You said you in part ap proved of the Berry manifesto. Suppose Mr. Berry came into power and tiie Upper House rejected bis bill, what would you do? Mr. Wrixon % My answer is that given by Sir Robert Peel — "It is only when doctors are £klld in that they give their advice." Mr. Pettifer : I would remind Mr. Wrixon (hat a higher authority than Sir Robert Peel has - said — "Prevention is better than cure." To an elector: I am not satisfied with the present Constitution,, end I belie vein two. Houses. The use of the second is (hat it pre vents a belief (hat the one can do as it likes. It discourages the absolutism (hat tiie proposed third House would establish. Mr. Huxley .moved, and Mr. J- . Pomercy seeonded, that Mr. Wrixon was a fit and proper person to represent this constituency. \- Tab MtyorkratKhe motion, which vms unanl-_ montly carried, no hands being held up against. . ftfr, Wrixon briefly returned (hanks, and the meeting dispersed with ringing cheers for the candidate. t Mr. Wrixon epbks for an hour and a half, and though some uproar occasionally took place, the meeting was good-humoured to a degree, and accorded tiie candidate a quiet and patient hear ing. The cheers were vigorous, and sufficiently complimentary to satisfy the most exacting aspirant to Parliamentary honors. 