l»eiuoiisti'atM»iis is. Ouokc.-y. (From the ISccninq iVfiicf. ) ?On Wednesday afternoon Miss Whitoaide gave n most interesting lecture nn some branches of tho culinary art, in tho presence of an intelligent and apprecntivo audience. There were alargo number of ladies (including Lady Loftus) aud a few gentle men (including tho Kev. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of North Queensland) present. Tho lectoross was introduced to tho audience by Bishop Barker, who stated that although tho theme on which Miss Whiteside was about to address them was not ecclesiastical, it was remotely related to religion, for cleanliness was next to godliness, and a sound mind depunded upon a sound body, a sound body on sound digestion, while tho latter depended t.. a large degree nnon -rood cookerv. Owiin. to want, of skill iu the culinary art indigestion mid all its attendant horrors prevailed to such an extent as to almost justify a common sarcasm, namely, 'that, no food come from abovo, but cooks from below.' Miss Whiteside had been introduced to him by honoured friends as n lady of high respectability, who thoiignt it her duty to show ladies how waste might bo prevented in thoir households, and food uookod so as to bo appetising and nutritive. Miss Whiteside brought testimonials with her from per sona of high repute, which entitled her to bo received with most respectful attention. Ho then introduced Miss Whiteside, who presented herself before tho audience as the cleanest, tidiest, neatest, and most winsome cook we ever saw. Miss White side. has a very winning way with her, and is really eloquent in the advocacy of hor mission. She introduced tho subject in a fow appropriate remarks, and then proceeded to manufacture and coi.lt a pudding, a quantity of tomato soup, a ginall quantity of beef tea,, as well as to prepare aiid cook mine mutton cutlets and ail omelette. There were so many minute directions given by tho lady that our space prevents us from doing liioro than giving a rough outline of her plan of operations. With regard to the pudding tlie first thing to be done is to have some water nearly boiling. Then take an ounce or lump of loaf sugar, put it in a pan, aud put a tablespoonful of cold water on it. Put the pan oil tho lire and see that the sugar is not burned. When the sugar ia turned of iv chocolatc colour, pmir on two ?♦easpoonBful of cold water, and see that tho sugar is dissolved. Then measure half a pint, of milk, and sen that it is sweet. Take ooz of .stale bread, cut it into thin strips, then ;ut these across into small squares, and pour over tl.eso squares a quarter of a pint, of white wine. Take ouo ounce of candied peel (which wo understood to mean orange, citron, and lemon peel, and cut up into shreds, add 3oz of -finely powdered loaf sugar, pour tho milk and dissolved burnt sugar over the bread soaked in wine, add 3oz of rasins rubbed and picked. Add the whites of four fresh-laid eggs to the milk, gradually stirring (preserving the shells, for these, powdered and combined with lemon j i ice, are useful in cleaning enamelled ;sSneepan.s). then pour the milk over the bread, ?stir tho whole together and place ic n buttered mould, fix a buttered paper over it, and then place the mould iu tho hot water, and let it simmer (not boil) for one hour, flliss Whiteside explained that the reason why meat cooked by tho generality of English people was indigestible, was because the water was allowed to boil and not lceptsinimering, the difference being that water boils at 212 but sim mers at 178 degrees Fahrenheit. She gave equally ni'imte directions as to the proper making of tomato soup, i-nd showed practically how tho Bonp could bo made. She then proceeded to show how beef tea should bo made. Her practice in this respect differs but slightly from what we have [always understood to be the orthodox practice of \the kitchen, that is, equal weight of lean beaf and water, the beef cut line, water poured on.it, and allowed t.. stand a quarter of an hour; then insert the containing vessel iu the boiling water, and allow it to simmer for an hour. Put no salt in it without, the doctor's advice, as in some cases of disease salt is poisonous. Her preparation of mutton cutlets *'as in this wise : Take 2Mb of best end of the neck of mutton, remove tho more prominent portion of the bones, beat up a fresh egg oil a plate, aud dip the cutlets into the egg, or spread the egg over them, thou dust them with bread crumbs made by passing bread through a hair seive, then place tho cutlets in a wire basket, and place over thein some skinned and split sheep kidneys, and iiually immerse the basket iu fat as hot as boiling water for some seven or eight minut;. , drain and serve up. The egg and crumbs form, a case around tho cutlets, so that the fat does not reach them. The lady gave further instructions, which were couched in choice and appropriate language, and wore listened to with most respectful attention. At the close of the discour.se the prepared food was sent round to tho ladies and gentlemen present to bo examined, aud was apparently cooked to the taste of the fas tidious. At the close of the proceedings the pre pared food was sold. A vote of thanks was moved by Montague Levey, Esq. , and seconded by tho liov. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of North Queensland, both of whom complimented Miss Whiteside on tho great ability she had displayed iu her lecture, and the skill aud carefulness apparent in her demonstrations. Bishop Barker, iu putting tho motion to tho meeting, remarked that if the clergy wore to display tho simio caro in preparing spiritual food for the people which tho lecturess had shown to bo necessary in preparing physical food for the body, their flocks would be better nourished. Tho vote of thanks was passed unanimously. Wo fiuay add that Miss Whiteside wishes, we believe, «tp establish cookery classes iu connection with ladies'.jBchools, and as she brings witli her the ??ghost testimonials, among othors the Duke of 'Westminster, Lord Arthur Hussell, M. P. , and tho Kev. Canon Wilberforce; aud she is moreover Ji genius in the household line, she stands a fair chance of proving a great- practical blessing to the ladies of the colouy. 