AN ARCADIAN REVENGE. BY JAMES PAT*. "DEPEKD apon it, my dear sir, there ia a Byatem of compensation : I, for exnmple, ooenpy a position in the country beyond my tálente, while yon possess talents that are considerably above what is necessary-ahem -to a person of your oondition of Ufe." This amazing speech was addressed to me confidentially, in the smoking-room of onr common olub ono night, by Mr. Dornoway Dicke, after we had dined together for tho first time. It was late in Angust ; the clnb was empty, and I had invited him to join tables, though I knew him to be an ase, rather than dine alone. The bad man may take a solitary meal without moral damage, and even to the pnblio advantage, since the custom is unwholesome, and tends to shorten life ; bnt to the good man it is harmful. His thoughts, constant as tho needle to the polo to what is pnre and good, are naturally attracted to himself, and Iiis benevolent actions, Ida excellent motives, his whole blameless career, pass in review before his eyes, and ho becomes self-conscious and self complacent. Bather than run tho risk of this, having ordered my own modest repast, I looked up at Dornoway-Dioke, who, with his glass painfully fixed in his eye, was scanning- the samo "limited carte" for the day, in doubt (as I guessed) about the French dishes,, and observed, "Shall we dino to gether p" and ho had replied, courteously, " Charmed, I am sure." As a matter of faot, Mr. Dornoway-Dioke was a men not'easy lo oharm ; it WOB not in Genius (though np to that date I don't thiuk it had ever tried jt) to do so ; and I believe even Beauty herself would have failed in the attempt, unless she had had a title to back her. Mr. Dioke'a weakness waB for a lord-a very oom m on one, of oouree, but in hiB oaee unusually pronounced. J'His conversation was studded with titles as tho firmament is with stars ; and he was in respeot to them what Mr. Carlyle, in relation to soiritnal things, calla "terribly at eoce in Zion"-, that ia, ho waa shockingly familiar with earls and viscounts, while aa to baronets, be wonlil refer to them by their Christian names. To say that bis views upon all matters wore commonplace would hayo been flattering to bis intelligence ; they were conventional to sublimity. i '* Ghost stories are obsurd," argues Cole ridge, ." bcoacso,' tliongh men tell us they have. had. such an experience,: if - a mai. did really over see what he actually believed to ho a ghost, idiotoy would at onoe super vene ¡" but I firmly believe .that Dornoway Diokn would hove seen a ghost without thu least injury to his intellectual powers ; not because he was already an idiot, but (inde pendently of that) because BO unconventional a subject, OB the supernatural had : never entered his mind. Il the ghost had a title, then, indeed, an impression might have been made, but it would have been produced by bia temporal, not his spiritual, lordship. In all matters which exeroiBO the human mind, from theology to Amerioan bowls, be took not tbe^faintest interest ; but I had been informed-and warned-that npon the snbjeot of the . dignity and.position of tho Dornoway-Dioke family ho oould and wonhl be very diffase if you were not careful. Ha was a man, in short, to nod to, bat not to speak, with, unless the meana of esoapo were handy. , . ? ? "Still, late in August, at a London ¿lab, ono cannot afford, to be particular, and haviuii suoh strong moral reasons for not dining alone, I had to dins with Dornoway-Dioke. ' There was ene circumstance, however, that really did .'attract me towards this4 gentleman, and made mo wish for a closer acquaintance. It was a much-dobatedr question in tho club whether he wore a wig or not, and I wanted to solvent. If he did do so (for oven after dining with him I was not sure), they were tho bost wigB that ever were. X Bay wigs, ..because ;he must have , bad lots of them, '< for bis hair was sometimes short and sometimes long, and sometimes just as it ought to be in tho case of a fashionable young gentleman of fifty- four. For there was this ^disadvantage about,the distrnginshed position of tho Dornoway-Dicke family, that, being in tho peerage-^-thougb it must bo confessed in a very remote and "presumptive" fashion the man's age was known to a nicety. There was then this point (as to his wig) to be cleared up, which promised me somo little excitement, and I was also curious to know whether he talked of " the Land" as though it were olive, which I .waB assured he did. My information upon-thia point,, os it turned out, was correct. The - one supreme effort of ? originality which Mr.; Dornoway-Dicke: had made was to per sonify tho landed interest in this peculiar fashion. .? . .1 " What tho Land!wants, sir,;he would observe, very slowly and majestically->(80 that yon had plenty of :tirie ito suggest to yourself " top- dressing,'' ' 'coproUtes," and what not)-"what the ? Laud i wants, ' Bir*' (ho always repeated this charming phrase),; «ia fair play." . ' "The Land" wanted' so many things in., the course of our conversation . at dinner that I had begun to think it some what exacting,-and indeed to get a little impatient of Mr. Dornoway- Dicke, himself. But I am never, or at IeaBt hardly over, di» conrieons, and though bored to extremity, like a wooden ship, exposed to the action nf the. Teredo navalic, I endured it as though I had been inado of iron. I had asked the man to dinner,- and in one sense had certainly paid for it, so felt constrained by thu duties of hospitality to be civil till the meal WUB over. When it waa finished, and we repaired to the smoking-room, I had no suoh sornplu. " The Vine." soye the classic author, " is the Evoker of .Troth," and this ia even still more tho oaee with the Cigar. Imagine, then, my indignation at that amazing remark of my companion. " I, for example, occupy a position in tho conntry beyond my talent», while you POBBBBS talents that are considerably abovo what iB necessary-ahem-to a person of your oondition in life." " Pray," said I, " Mr. Dornoway-Dioke, oonfine your observations to yourself, BB you generally do. As to your talents, I havo no reason tu doubt yonr own modest estimation of them, bat as to your position in tho eon::-ry, I WBB not aware that yon had any." I hope tbiB wa» not rude. I spoke in tho gentlest tones of which tho human voice or at all events my voice-is capable, and in a manner that was certainly winning, for I felt that I had scored. To my astonishment, Mr. Dornoway-Dicke remaimid quite un ruffled ; he carefully removed th« ash from the end of lils cigar with his signet-ring, ano answered, quietly, almost humbly, " You quite mistake me. I said my position in the country, of which, UK you tell me, you know nothing. You are not, then, familiar with MungelwntseUhtr« I" 111 was certainly not. I had heard of ll, of coarse, but I felt myself fortunato in not having to spell it. " Ah 1 I thought so," ho continued, blandly. Tou should come down to Dorno way Court and see. mo at homo. Then you would understand why I don't oitencr vialt London, In town I am, comparatively ?peaking, nobody, bub In Mangelwuizelahirc \- What do you tay, now, to running down to ns for the first week In Sei'.oinber ?" Five minntea before I ah« aid have said " Ko " without the slightest hesitation; but th* outrageous vanity of tho man's manne* .? :?-..'?. ? ' " '?. Î ...... _ ticklud mo io the core. I fait curious to iee thoa* natives of Margelwursalahire to whom Mr. Dornovvny-Dicko appeared to be t person of importunée, f nd, moreover, I had not yet discovered whether he wore a wig or not. " Toe worn, part of u wig," says the old riddle, " aa of love, is the parting ;" bot Mr. Dornoway-Dlcke's parting was perfect, and so delicate that one would have almost said it had been effected by a female hand. Among the aimpler inhabitant» of Arcadia ht might take leia extreme precautions ta deceive the public ; and hi certainly would not get his hair cut, if cut it evar waa, ao often. "I will como to Dornoway Court with pkaaure," I said ; and on the appointed day I went. Important sa my bolt's paaltlam in the country may ba, it is net say Intention to describe " Mr. Dor no way-Dicke at home," aa though he were a public character. Some« ii- to say that he waa better at home thaa abroad (or at lèait, in London) ; and BI hla family wera pleasant people, and hia hawae full of cheerful compatiy,'I did not regret my visit. The " Court," MB ba loved to call lt, was, however, ao peculiar that I muat say a few words about it. It waa tb* only «difice with which I am acquainted whian, gratified one's sense of humour. It was quite spick and-span aa rocpects newaets, but built and furnished in the medieval atyle. A gravel drive, rolled ta perfection, led up to a frowning entrance, with a huge oaken portal, in which was inaerted a lltMe bolo barred with iron for purpoaea of espial. Through tblu tho porter was supposed, (though he never did it) to take cogcia&nce; of the ap. prouching visitor, and, if peaceful, to unbar the massive bolt» of the great door to let/ him in. Everything in the boure waa apparently of the tame epoch, but in reality about thraa year» old. In the dlning-ruoin was a fireplace aa big as an ordinary parlour, and before which one would not havo b^«n surprised to see a pair of trunk-hose airing, or a couple of jack-booti. The sideboard, to the modern and inartistic eye, rueernbled a kitchen dresser : while in the nio'ming-room waa a spinnirp- wheel with the flax In lt, ai though the thrifty housewife had just been called away from that occupation to superin tend tho construction of R venison psaly, or to issue orders for the entertainment ot tho company invited to the morrow's tournament. These ridiculous objeota, as I soon die covered, were designed to persuade the public that the Dornnway-Diokes themselves were mediioval, and had resided at the " Court" for the last six hundred years. Whereas, UB a matter of fact, tboy were new-comers. In the country, even though you ara dista Hy connected with tbe peerage, thiB ia a serious obstoole to " pnaition," and the whola of my host's gigantio intellect wau couoontrated on attaining it. Ho had been " called upon" at onoe by every one in the county within a circuit of twenty- fivo miles, except One. I write it reverentially with a capital O, for it was "The Dake." I am not of course speaking of the late Duko of Wellington ; in Mangelwurzelsbire, as in every other county, the Duke wss'tbs duke who lived there-his Grace of Turniptops. Thia divinity was still a young man, unmarried, and not muoh given to oall on anybody ; and for three long yonra all tho effortB of the Dornoway-Diokea had beou unavailing to induoe bim to honour the " Court" with bia august presence. Two months ago, however, be bad sent bia card by a mounted messenger, and one month ago-oh, joy of joys 1-he had accepted an invitation to a garden party at the house for one. of the very days on whioh I was to remain its guest. It WSB jnBt after thiB graoious promise bad been given IbntMr.Doinoway- Diekebadmads his appearance at the dub, to make arrange ments wiih Gunter ; and now thut I knew the ciroumetaiiuts, I was not only not surprised hi ibu magnificence of bis deportment on than oooaaion, but astonisbod that be should have been eo affable ss he was. My private impression Is that' he Baked mo dowu to DornowayOourt.not BO much from personal affection ss to escuro on additional witness to'bis social:trinmpb ; but, that is neither bera nor ibero. The Duke was coming, and the -family -were-in a stato of excitement rare,. I should hope, in Hartwell, and not habitually exhibited even at Broadmoor. Tho greaf . subject of dleoaesion among them for weeks-had -beau, who was to be in vi led-to meet-tho- Dnko t aud it was not exhausted'yet. ? Everybody-who wan any body-bud-been-asked except the Titbata; and tba knotty point that oould not be Bot tled .was whether-tbt-so people should be asked or,nov. Captain and Mrs. Titbat were their immediate neighbours ; their lawn tennisLgrounds wero,,in fact,'contiguous, and tbe two families, though not absolutely ou a friendly footing,» weto "well: known- to ou» another. Young Titi at, when a player was wanting, had sometimos .even-been invited to-.makflt.np the, party , at their favorito amusement j and when the balls wont over the,, wire fence that: separated the two domains, tho juvenile TUbuta dui not pretend (as tom« yon og peuple would) that tboy wei« lout, bot .would honestly chunk them back ' again. Still, the Titbata wer» not among tho County Families,, nor .anything liku it. Their efforts-far more desperate than those of the Dornnway-Diokes-had mtBorably and utterly failed in that direction, lt waa not so muoh that their mansion waa too small to be renkoned ns a country houBs, that their paddock oould not by any strain of oonrtesy bc oalled a park, or that their orna mental lake waa an undeniablo pond. There was something amiss-I never oould find out what- about Mrs. Titbat.. * She was a woman-I once lunch] her, and under circumstances I can never forgot- of largo proportions and hirsute aapeot (indeed, abe had a very respectable beardl ; her complexion waa rubicund, and to tue un charitable might >eem to Indicate that abe indulged in liquor, though I never hoard that ahe did ao. Whatever wan wrong with her bad happened B9 long ago that lt would have been much better and kinder of her fellow-creatures to have forgotten it. But tho faot remained that Mrs. Titbat was,nut " visited," nor would tb« Dornoway- Diokos havo dreamed of asking her to their garden party except for that contiguity, to which I have referred, of their lawn-tennia grounda. The Dulm, it was known, waa devoted to thu gam" ; and if tho two grounda could ho thrown Into one, it was felt, by all the family that lt would havo been au lmcai.uin Improvement. ThU could sorci ly bu dont-,, however, without asking Mrs. Tilbat'a permission, und, biso thu pleasure of hei company ; and upon the wbolo it waa judged beat to leave mattera aa they wei«. Tba wiro fencing between the two lanna wt.» eo very Blight that they really looked to bo one' And the same, 'and as there ^OB plenty of ground for the Duke to play upon, hu would probably never discover tbat both the lawn« did uot belong to Dorr.,moy Court. In the course of tho intimacy that existed botweon the junior members of the two familios, tho young Dornoway-Dtokes, with a franknoBB oharaotoristio of thoir ago, had told thu young Titbata that the Duke was coming on Friday to play lawn tannie, but that nono but tip-top (not* Titbat) people wore to bo nskod to meet him ; nor waa even thia tho worst, for it had orrtainly been hinted by elder members of tko family, in view of tho suggested anialgamatiou of the tennis grounds, ttfat snob good neighbours SB Captain and, Mrs. Titbat would certainly bo inoludcd in tho invitation Hat. To expíala what follows I must add that Mrs: Titbat herself was firmly persuaded that she would ba axaoag tba |QUU, and wu transportad with ra« idea ol ii ; lar tb« being »eked " to neat tba Dake oi Tarniptopa" (&» was state! on tba «ard») waa in Mangelworzelshire like being presented at oonrt, and at one* both whitewashed and {gilded the invited. Ona has beard of the ira of the tigress when robbed of her young, bnt what ii that when i eompared with the etat« of mind of a lady of blemished reputation who had persuaded herself that it will be rehabilitated, and that in tb« most splendid fashion, and then ?uddealy Ands that she has been given the oold »houlder? Urs. Titbat had aotuaUy ordered a dress, from London in whioh to appear befero his Oraos of Torniptops, and the eight of it, ss it hung useless in her wardrobe, envenomed bor whole being, as theoga «ha had warn it, and "it bad been the garment of Neesns. : . Sh« clutched the skirts ot'Hopo to the very last, but when Friday morning arrived, and no invitation had come, it fled from' her e«ul, and was replaced by the desire v for vengaaac«. If the Dornoway- Dickes . conld but have known what waB passing in that injured lady's mind, they might have b«ea reminded of those warning linos "iMt »bea on« latest hop« ie fl«i, ye teeto of our ADd*lîîra br proof In »om« wild hour bow muoli th* wwtoned dare," or even if that quotation had not oocurrcd to thom, I am quit« sure they would have asked h«r to their garden party even at that eleventh hour. .The guests arrived.'and in due course -that is to say, exceedingly late-the Duke. The meeting of his Grace and my host and hostess was positively affecting. I thought Mr. Dornoway-Dioke would never leave off shaking his hand, and that his wife would have kiescd it However, he got away at last to luncheon. About two bandred people sat down to it, a select twenty ou mediaval chairs, and the rest on much mora comfortable but common ones. A doxen of the last had boen borrowed, days ago, by the housekeeper, without her mistress's knowledge, from tho Titbat». Tho hoet enjoyed himself as most people do under similar circumstances; that is to say, he wa» inteneely miserable and anxious, but buoyed up by the thought that it would all be over presently, and he would have " his friend the Duke of ' Turniptops" to" talk about for the rest of his natural life. After luncheon we all repairod to the lawn tennis ground. " What a capital lawn yon have 1" observed ' tho Dake, "and what a good plan that ÍB of ?' dividing your ground !" He was referring, ot ooaree, to the iron fencing. " lt was * plan of my wife's," observed Mr. Dornoway-Dioke ; for, as tbs other lawn was vaeant, there was really no need to intimate that it belonged to somebody else. A gilt youth of the oonnty and one of its gilt yennß ladioe were Beleoted for one side, and hie Graos and Miss Dornoway-Dioke for the other. The rest of the company stood round in attitudes of respectful admiration. They were jost abont to begin when the Dake observed, '. Hallo I what the dence ia this ?" The exclamation WBB caused by the appear ance of Uri. Titbat, splendidly attired, and followed by all her maid-servants ; some of them carried baskets of linen, and others lines and olothes-props. In the ooaree of a - few minutes the whole of tho Titbat family . -linen waa hanging on tho line ; some of the articles were very pronounced in shape, and beoam« mnoh more so when inflated by the brees«, whioh also (as they were purposely hang «lose to the wiro fenoing) osrried then* greoefal folds right over the Duke's hoad. The game was bogun, but presently an imraeaee petticoat broko loose, and after eddying doubtfully for a few moments, . settled upoa the Duke himself, who emerged-, from it with difficulty, and with a frightful execration. He threw dewn his racket,. and said something I could not catch ; indeed, I fled into a neighbouring arbour and gave myself up to such paroxysms of mirth as almost threatened me with dis-, solution. I was conscious of great excitement amoag the company without, and heard what souaded like the hurried departure of some of them, but I was positively incapable of ascertaining what waB going on. The vision of all Vangelwurzelshire's noblest as they stood around that fatal place, and pretended to ignore the faot that the very firmament ,waa darkened above them by the Titbat family linen; and then the spectacle of that petticoat de- < scending upon his Grace's brow, and of himself «merging from it, was always too muoh for sa«. I sat in the arbour and fairly wept. Presently, after several severe relapses, I became eonscious of a, companion. Beside me eat a little man, bald as a knob on. the centre of a front door, and »wearing ' softly, and as it were thought fully, to himself. It was-only by his voice that I recognised Mr. Dernoway-Dioke. " My dear Dick«," I murmured, for I felt, it necessary to say something, " why - are yon hero f why aro you not entertain ing"-I did not venturo to mention the ' Duk«-" your guests f" "He's gone/* be said. It was plain ha ' was only thinking of ona of them. " It'.** wa» all on account of that infernal Mrs. - Titbat, It's her own pottiooat; it's marked ? with an M and a T." I sodded, and held out my hand aa though to entreat him to sparo himself tho '?' recital of the catastrophe. I felt ready to expire. " But are all the rest of tho people gone f" I murmured. " What do I care P Tes. No. What a terrible day." _ " But, my dear Dicke," I said, beginning ?inoerely to pity him, " it will never do foe you to «top here ¡ you must not desert your friend»." " No, that's true," he «naworod, rising feebly and moving towards the house. " But you have forgotten something." "Have IP ? WhatP OK ye«, my wig.'» ' It lay on the floor of tho arbour whore he ' had flnng.it in hi» frenzy. Ho stooped ands ^ put it on mechanically and hind iefore. Thi» I ventured to remedy, and ho shanked me ia feeling tone». " Do you think ho will «var oom« again P" ho whisporod, eagerly. "He wa« very aaery. Ho thought th«y w«r« our own clothes hung; out to dry-. . I showed him the M. and the T. But he would pay no attention. It ia a dreadful blow." * And it really hurt poor Dorr oway-Dicke exceedingly. He had not risen tho next morning when I came up to town, and all the family ware very much oppressed, aa , though there had been a death in tho ,' house. H« ha« been to tho club once *hfif/^ in a more b«aatiful wig than »Tor, but'ot conr»o it can «ever deceive me. I as/ed. " How ar« all at home P" / "Bratty wall, I thank you," bj gaídí "that-is, a» wall as can bo exposed. Ho ha» aovar been near tho placo si^oo " Of course I knew that by th, rjorsonal pronoun h« meant " tho Duke." i?1ïw?*iM,î V* 'fin-winded. Part«, lawyer lately defended a orl^a uniuoooM reoeiwl the Wlowing noter .. Th, priionw htn-?W.y.St"Bth^î.tho.t.im5 occupied by tha in »haVenM^*^ u«h»w ba connies, 