CATHOLIC DEPAETUEE OF HIS LOEDSHIP THE BISHOP OF MAITLAND. (Maitland Mercury, April 15.) The Right Eeverend Dr. Murray having made arrangements to leave Newcastle last evening for Sydney en route for Europe, in the hope of his health being restored, an influential deputation from the committoo appointed in West Maitland, on Tuesday, the fith instant, waited upon his Lordship at tho Presbytery, Newcastle, yesterday afternoon to present him with tho address adopted at tho public meeting, and a testimonial. Tho amount already subscribed to tlio Maitland Com mittee, and presented by them yesterday after noon, wao £500. In addition to tho above amount, the priosts of the diocese pre sented his Lordship with £150, and a sepa rate address. The Catholics of Newcastle wero also to present a separate testi monial and address last evening. It io ex pected that when all the amounts have been received that the subscriptions will amount to between £900 and £1000. When it is considered that only ten days have elapsed since the move ment was initated, it speaks volumes for the generosity of tho people, and of the estoem in which they hold their Bishop. The presentation from the clergy wa3 mado at noon at the paesbytery, Newcastle, tho following priests being present : — Tho Very Eeva. Thomas English and Patrick Hand, Vicars- General ; Eev. Fathers M. Foran, J. Ryan, P. P. Eyan, P. Corcoran, T. Meagher, P. Malier. E. Sheehy, T. O'Neill, P. O'Leary, J. O'Hearn, P. O'Keefte and M. jKearno. On the above clergymen being present, tlie following address v/as read by tho Very Eev. Father English, and a cheque for £150 handed to his Lordship, as tlio testimonial from tho clergy : — 'To tlie Eight Eeverend James Murray, D.D., Bishop of Maitland. ' May it please you Lordship — It is v/ith feel ings of the sincerest sorrow that wo approach your Lordship to express our regret at your departure from amongst us. With grave anxiety wo have long regarded your Lordship's declining health, and your leaving at this timo is felt tho more keenly by us, as it has been necessitated by your Lordship's illness. We are, however, buoyed up with tho hope that tho change you are obliged to take v/ill restore you soon to your wonted vigour. Indeed, when we consider your Lordship's great labours in diffusing tho blessing of our holy re ligion through your vast diocese, your long journoyingo, the rugged country you havo had to pass through in heat and rain, and an indifferent accommodation obtainable, wo are not surprised at your present severe indisposition ; but while sympathising with you in your ill-health, and deeply feeling your Lordship's absence, still wo rejoice in tho happy and prosperous condition in which you leave us. In the various missions wo see commodious churches, excellent schools, exten sive church property, all bearing unquestionable testimony to your lordship's zeal, ability, and prudence. It would indeed appear that your Lordship had foreseen the difficult times with which we aro threatoned, and had in your wis dom provided for the worst. Knowing that the welfare of the diocese will ever be the subject of your anxious thoughts, we are confident that your sojourn in the Olcl Land v/ill not only be beneficial to you personally, but will likewise be of immense advantage in the interests of educa tion — a cause so dear to your heart : and we look forward with eagerness to tho time when your Lordship will return at tho head of a numerous and efficiont staff of toachors, who v/ill not only impart the knowledge nocessary for this life, but will give that information without which man knows not hio destiny, nor the means to at tain it. ' Eespectfully requesting that your Lordship will be good enough to accept the accompanying testimonial as a slight tokon of our deep venera tion, humbly asking your blessing, and fervontly wishing you a happy voyage and a speedy return to your flock, 'We are, your Lordship's most affectionate children in Christ. ' Signed on behalf of the priosts of tho diocese of Maitland. ' Thos. English, Patrick Hand, James Eyan, P. T. Corcoran, T. A. Nealon.' His Lordship Dr. Murray replied as follows : Very Eev. and Eev. Gontlemon, — I thank you most sincerely for your sympathetic and beauti ful address. Those earnest words of regret I 3hall_ ever treasure up as a token of that lcindlv relation that exists between us. You are good onough to express a hope that I may again be restored to my wonted vigour, and allow me to asoure you that no one wishes this happy issue moro than I, ^ for it io my great ambition and desire to bo with you in your labours, and assiot ao far as I can in the good work in which you are all engaged. You have referred to my labours and privationo, and long journeyings infchovisita tiono throughout my diocese, but tho allusion to theso fills mo with confusion, whon I consider what you youroolves have continually to onduro, and what risks and fatigues you have to undergo in the cause of your holy religion. I cannot but feel a similar emotion when you alludo to the prosperous condition of tho diocese, for indeed to your zealous labours under my guidanco it io that these results have happily been achieved. Your suggostion ao to the moans of providing for the troubled times in tho future I heartily agree with, and trust that with G od's grace to bring out with me on my return a largo staff of efficient teachers — nuns and religious brothers — to meet the wants of our people, and to impart to tho children of this diocese a sound oecular and re ligious education. I must cravo your indulgence for thio short reply to your beautiful address ; but permit mo to express my deepest gratitude for your address and munificent testimonial, and for your kind words of sympathy, and I trust with God's help in a short time I may again havo the . pleasure to see you all well and happy. Believe me, I shall always remember your kindness and affection ; and whenever I offer the holy sacrifice of tho Maoo you will bo always remembered. PRESENTATION FROM THE LAITY. As stated above, the presentation from the Catholic laity of the Maitland district took place in the afternoon at the Newcastle presbytery, the gentlemen forming the deputation leaving Mait land by the mid-dav train. The following gentle men wore present : — Messrs. E. Hyndeo, J. G. Eigney, Dr. Power, Messrs. M. Murray, John Enright, and Georgo Malier, from West Mait land ; Messrs. James M'Loughlan, P. Bourke, and II. Bailey, from East Maitland ; and Mr. Patrick O'Keeffe, from Morpeth. Tho priesto of the diocese mentioned abovo were also present. On the gentlemon being seated, Mr. E. Ilyndes, addressing his Lordship, said ho had been deputed by the committeo appointed to present him with a testimonial and an address. He expressed their sorrow at his Lordship's leaving them under such circumstances, and expressed tlio hope that ho would soon return again in health and strength. Without any further remarks he would road the following addro^s 'Addross to tho Eight Eev. Dr. Murray, Lord Bishop of Maitland. 'My Lord, — We, your Lordship's loyal and affectionate children in Christ., on tho eve of your departure and temporary absence from the diocese, over which you have ruled (luring tho past fourteen years, desire to oppress our syinpath}' with you in your illness, and our sincere regret that you are obliged to leave us for a timo. Our earnest hope and prayer io that your Lordship will be soon restored to us in perfect, health and strength, so that you may be enabled by tlio grace and assistance of our good God to carry on the glorious work of salvation to which you havo been called by the Holy Ghost. In recalling the years which havo passed by since your Lordship's first arrival in tho diocese, we aro forcibly impressed with ono prominent feature of your mission amongst us. It seems to us, if your Lordship will permit us to say oo, that tho chief work to which you havo devoted your life, has been the Christian education of the young. Wo cannot forget tho great personal sacrifices which you have mado, in order that tho little ones of your flock might be carefully trained in tho fear and love of God. Your first act, wo may say, v/as to intro duce into your diocese those accomplished and devoted sisters of the Great Order of St. Dominic, whose successful labours in tho causo of higher class education are so well known and appreciated throughout the colony. In later years the good Sisters of Mercy arrived among us, and enabled your Lordship to extend the blessing of Oatholio education of a higher order to tho country dis tricts. We havo had the assurance from youi? ov/n lips at a memorablo meeting recently hold in tho city of Maitland that it is your intention to still further provide for tho education of the rising generation, by the introduction of good, religious teachers, so that your whole flock, if possible, may be tended, scattered though it may be throughout a vast diocese. 'We are deeply grateful for all that your Lordship has so quietly and unostentatiously done for us, and especially do wo take thia opportunity of showing onr appreciation of the combined efforts of yourself and tho other Catholic bishops of the colony to secure for uo equality will our fellow-coloniuts in freedom of education. Although our constitutional rightos for the present, would seem to be ignorod, yofc wo havo full confidence in the justice and good will of those who aro opposed to us that thoy will not suffer us long to remain under tlio yoke of what v/e consider to be injustico and opprea* sion. ' Winbimr vnnv Ini'rlnliin n q nnnrl tt nnrl iwnnnon. ? o ? — r - 'j ous voyago to l- 01110, tho great centre of unity, and also to Ireland, the land of your birth, and a safe return to your devoted peoplo, upon whom wo invoke your special blessing, ' Wo aro, my lord, your lordship's dutiful and affectionate children.' The address was signed by tho committee on behalf of tho Catholics of Maitland. Mr. Hyndeo thon proceeded : Ho had now much pleasure in presenting hio lordship with the testimonial so liberally subscribed by tho pooplo of his lordship's Church in tho diocese, and also contributed to by porsonG not belonging to tho Church. The speaker then handed hio lordship a chequo for £500, and wont on: It must; be very gratifying to your lordship to know that gentlemen of other denomina tions had contributed to the testimonial volun* tarily. He did not think any solicitations had been made for thom. Ho had letters sent to him, some of which he would read with his lordship's permission. Mr. B. W. Levy forwarded £10 towards the testimonial (applause), and said he was sorry ho heard nothing of the meeting, as ho would have liked to have been present. It was v/ith unfeigned regret that he heard of the necessity of hio lordship's leaving, especially as it was partly duo to ill-health. He hoped before long to welcome him back again. Ho had only boen hero a short timo, but ho had learned to respect and admire the Bishop. He know hio goodness in every cense or tho word. (Applause.) Another was from Mr. J acob Gorriek, who enclosed his chequo for £2 2s, and wrote that tho Bishop had the sincere wioh of himself and family for his speedy reo covery to health, and his aafe return to Australia, He had never heard an unkind word said of Bishop Murray : would all wero liko him0 Another letter ho would read wao from Mr. John Pender (applause), who enclosed hio chequo for £2 2s, and expressed hio regret that ill-healfch compelled tho Biohop to leave their ounny okioD, and trusted that tho all-wiso God would grant him a prosperous voyage, and a speedy return to tho land of hio adoption, restorod to the full moa sure of hio health and vigour. Ho (Mr. Hyndeo) ' / would mention that tho whole of the subocrip tions M7Qvo not in, as they had not had time to . go into tho matter ao they would like to have done. Had thoy had longor time and appealed . to the Catholics of tho dioceoo, he wao satisfied that tho amount would havo been very much larger. Dr. Murray, who on rising wao greeted with applause, said before proceeding to read a formal reply, he desired to say a few words to them. He would fir nfc express hio gratitude to the gentle men present for coming in ouch largo numhero to present him with that interesting testimonial. He had heard a few days ago that two or throe gentlemen wero coming to call on him ; but he had not the lecot idea that oo many would come. T.. 1. 1.~ ? lir,™ In ai ue nuu no uui nu,ujijf 'uum ji«»u iiuuuu »i« Maitland, and not have put them to the incon venience of coming so far. Ho expressed regret, that thoro wan any cause for a testimonial. He wao sura they would give him credit for tho sin cere wish that it had never happened. He felt on an occasion of this kind that ho wao a burden oil tho pooplo who had otherwise so many claims J upon them for the furtherance of religion and S education. Ho had done all he could fco secure his health. He had gone to Tasmania a few j montho ago with tho hopo that, ao in former ? yearo, he would bo restored to health. But ? instead of that it oo happened that he loot his '? health more than over. Ho then returned, and he had been advised by several medical gentle men to votive for a while, as ho did seven or eight yearo ago, from hio diocese, and ho wao going to ' Somo and Ireland for a few montho. They could reofc assured that if he wao restored he would come again and devote hio whole life and onergv to tho people ontruoted. to hio care. (Applauco.) They could rest assured that when \- he appeared before the Vicar of Christ ho would not fail to claim his spiritual blessing for them all. Hio Loi'dohip then read tho following formal reply : — 'My Dear Children in Christ. — I deoire to thank you for tho very beautiful^ address which you havo preoontod to me, and still more for the Catholic opirit which hao prompted you to do oo. I regret that illneco obligeo me to leave you for a timo, to Gook in my native land that honlth which -'.is eo necessary for tho carrying on the works of religion in thio country. I have alwayo es ? perienced tho greateot kindness from the Catho u lies 5 or Maitland, and, indeod, from the whole ridiocsse, and honce I am not surprised at your i ?? coming forward on thio occasion to console me j . with your kind words and to asoiat mo v/ith your .- - generouo offerings. At tho same time, I have ftlwayu felt, no I fool deeply now, that I have been ? /.rather a burden to you than a help, in your noblo .-.'.efforts in promoting the interests of religion and education in the diocese. ' You say with truth that my efforts havo been chiefly directed Oowardo tho education of tho Voting, and that with that view tho nccompliohed Sisters of St. Dominic, and tho devoted Sisters of Mercy, have been introduced into the diocese. The labouro of thooo good nuns in imparting a '' high education, and in inofcruefcirig the young of all classes, have been very successful in tho past, \- / and I trust for tho future, they will preserve the ; rising generation from the dangers and ovilo of ' mixed education, which io now you may cay es . . tabliohed by law throughout the length and ' /'breadth of thio colony. Need I scarcely say that, . if God gives mo otrongth and health, nothing . . Bhall be wanting on my part to still further ex tend theso blessings, and to introduce into tho Diocese not only nuns for tho education or gins, but aloo religiouo mon, who v/ill devote themselveo with seal to the education of our boyo. The ? ' events of tho last few months clearly point out to us not only the necessity of thio stop, but the still greater sacrifices wo may be called upon to ''.make in order to resist the infidelity and in difference of thio age, and to imbue our Catholic youth with tho principleo of our holy religion. We must keep tho young in our hands at any cost. For if wo allowed them to imbibe false principles, and to be taught; false doctrine, wo, ' both pastors and parents, intrusted with the ca,re ' v of their souls, shall incur a fearful responsibility in tho eight of God. ' f« Hence you Bee that in whatever I havo done, in peferonco to the education of the young of both ' eeico, during the past few yearo, I have only boen . performing a sacred duty, which I owo fco God ' . and you. And looking back now on that past, I have only to regret that I wao not able to do ?what I could desire ; and more especially that, during the last few months, I was not able to co-operate moro offecfcually v/ith tho Archbishop \- and Bishnpo of tho colony in their noble efforts to secure for tho people the blesoingo of a reli gious education. ' During my absence X shall not fail to pray that God may bleso you in all your undertakings, and may presorvo tho souls of your children, fynd that He may hasten the day when justice shall be done to you in the question of education, when the galling wrong by which we are now oppresoed in the new Education Bill shall be done away ?with, and peace and goodwill be _ established amongst all clasooo in the community. I feel ? confident that you will pray for me during my ? voyage to Some, end whon prostrate lat tho feet of Chrict'c Vicar I ohall mako known to ? ? hito_.your great zeal in the cause of religion, the noble efforts you are making in pro moting Catholic education, and your at tachment to hio sacred porson. I have r.p_doubb fcliafc my yjoit to tho tomb3 of the., Apoo- / ties will have the effect of attaching us still . more 'cloBely to the chair of Peter, and will (jtrengr,nen m our nuuvtn wjiju ubo|j bucuwou . towards Borne, whioh we cherish as thp dearest ; treasure wo posseoo on earth. Inuring my absenpe wour spiritual interests v/ill be duly attended tQ your devoted and zefjlquo clergy, who havo ftlwayo laboured wiih great zeal and spent thom ' selves for your welfare. I now take leave of you, fully confident that the affairs of the diocese v/ill be earned on just ao if I wove present. Your well-known spirit of religion kads mo to expect tiiisp but I am cjiuto sure that the 'V ery Eev. Thomas English and the Very Eev. Patrick Hand, whom I havo appointed Vicars- General to administer the diocese in my absence, will do everything in their power to consult for your best interests, and to advance the cause of religion and education in the diocese. And nor/ with the deepest centimenta of gratitude for your great charity and kindneso, I give you my blessing, and promise to send you ao soon as possible t,he bless ing of the Vicar of Christ. May the blessing of God and tho graces of heaven deocend in abun dance upon you all.' The Bishop then gave those present his bless- j ing, and said lie had placed them under the protection of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. He would pray for them, and hoped they would pray tor him ovory day. Whenever ho wa3 engaged in the sacred office of tho Muss ho would re member them. Tho deputation shortly after took an individual farewell of his Lordship, and returned to Mait land by tlio quarter to five train. During hio absence the affairs of tho diocese will bo administered by the Vicaro-General, the Very Revs. Fathers English and Hand. 