SOCIETY AND PERSONAL Colonel Anderson, the Colonel-Commandant of the Victorian foroes, intimates elsewhere that he .will be happy to rcoeive the officers of the Volunteer fores at Fairlie House, South Yarra, on Friday next, between ths hours of four and seven p.m., for the purpose of presenting them to Colonel Downos, tho Commandant of the South Australiau forcer. The graud steeplechase rider, Sam Floyd, who attreoted great notioo from the. spirting reporters for his brave and judioious riding of Cruiser (when he fell, remounted, and won the race), at tho Caulficld Racecourse, and who also recently won se7oral races in grand stylo on Bailey's Simpleton and Yeend's Intrepid, completed his 20th birthday oa tho 9th inst. Rumor hne it that he will shortly lead to the hymeneal altar a faic Hebs of this city, His arlstocratio mother, Mrs Aphra Emily Henderson, wife of Henderson Afrioanne, " the third ambassador," we are informed, expeots that her legal authority ia writing, will be asked far," before any Anglican or other olergyman will be justified iu tying the wished-for knot. Airs Head irsoa is a well-known meuiber of 3 slut Sivi >ur's Parish Church, Mason and Fifa streets, Esst Coilingwood. Among tho admissions to tho Supreme Csurt tn prnotice as barristors on last Thursday is Air P. M'Mnhon Glynn, a member of the Irish bar, graduate and honormnu Dublin Uni versity ; oratory medallist, Law etreet De bating Society ; nnd oratory aertificatoraaa, College Historical Society, Dublin. Michael Rush is now resting on his laurels, and attending to his own baaiuosu on the Clarence waters ; but tho return of Triokett and Laycosk from England will assuredly be followed by a groat oontest— M. Rush v. E. Lsvooclt an the Parramatta course. For Borne time past the good people of Hobart Town havo been kept ia a utate of exoitement over a ghost that has bona haunt ing dark and solemn places at the dead uf night. One evening a little boy was missed lion his Come, and was at a late hoar dis covered iu a lonely spot. It transpired that the brave youngster, in the hope of winning the L100 offered for tbo apprehension of the nocturnal disturber of tho timid, had turned out ia the hope of aapluriog ehe offender. The ghcat has eince boen oaught and brought to justice. It was a man with n whitewashed fnco and other ghostly disguises. 