? CRICKET HOTES. Thursday, February 12. fBx WHITE EOSE.1 I am delighted to think that the merit of South Australian cricket has at length been recognised, and that Jarvis is now tolerably certain to go home with the Australian Combined Eleven. The team will now be more worthy the name of a combined team, though only three colonies will', be directly represented. However, this is just the same as was the case last time, only that a South Australian will take the place of a Tasmanian, The almost universal feeling in this colony is that Jarvis is the right man in the right place, and that he will do credit to the colony as well as to himself. There are two other men who run him close for premier position, namely, Noel and Giffen; but if club prejudices are put on one side, most candid persons will admit that at the present moment Jarvis is the best batsman in the colony. He is the highest aggregate and the highest average scorer in South Australia this season, and I question whether his "record'' is surpassed by many of the other membefs of the Eleven. In Association (first- class) matches he has8cored472 runs this aeason, or an average of 47 per innings. In special matches he has the extraordinary average of 87 runs, and in cup isatchesof 30 runs pfer innings. Apropos-at the Australians' visit to England, I may add that a team of American cricketers is being organized to do battle against English players in the old country. \- The Australian Eleven had an uncommon experience at Newcastle, where the whole of them were disposed of in the sacond innings for 31 runs. Still, they managed to defeat tbe Northern Twenty-two, whose aggregate score in the two innings was only 100. It must hare been quite a treat to see Spofforth and Palmer bowl those 21 wickets for less than two runs each. The rain, of course, had a great deal to do with the distinctiveness of the bowling on both sides. The Eleven only scored 90 and 31, and the Twenty-two 62 and 38. For the cracks Blackham was top scorer, with 22 to his credit. Last Saturday's match on the Oval was more amusing than instructive, as the newspaper critics say when they want to show that an audience laughed at instead'of icith a lecturer. There was a good deal of play,' but not much cricket, or rather the cricket was all on the one side and the play was on the other. : Perhaps the fun was equally divided, but the spectators shared in a little. The match, considered as such, -was a failure. As an outing for the countrymen it was perhaps a success, and they certainly trill now be able to say what many better cricketers cannot say, namely, that they once played on the Adelaide Oval. The match was not one of which much of a review need be given. The innings of the Southern Eighteen was a sorry spectacle, not one man getting into double figures, and the whole team being put out for 42 runs. But low scoring is by no means a rarity on the Adelaide Oval, and might have been passed over with little comment. The thing, however, for which the Southern representatives will be remembered is for the quantity of their bowling. Fourteen out of the eighteen men tried their hands with the ball—a number such as has never before been equalled in the history of cricket in this colony. But the almost infinite, variety and the exceeding liberal quantity did not make up for the deficient quality, and Jarvis and tbe other batsmen treated eack new bowler much as Macbeth treated tbe last few ghosts when he had become used to their forerunners. They laughed at each new variety, and in effect, if not in words, they welcomed the new arrival*. Though the Association men scored very freely,'their batting, as a whole, was not first-class. Nearly every man had an extra life given him. The innings played by Richards was perhaps the best of the day, though he only scored 41, while the crack (Jarvis) reached 60, and carried ont his bat. Pettinger made some sweet leg- hits, and showed that his pretty style has not departed, but is coming to the front again. Hide did well with bat and ball— 20 runs, and 7 wickets for 18 runs; but the lion's share of the wickets fell to Giffen, who may yet make it hot for some of the clubs in the remaining cap matches. He got 9 wickets for 24 runs; but then country wickets are rarely thought as much of as those of town players. The fielding of the visitors was not up to the Australian Eleven standard. I .hope their visit to Adelaide has done them good; but I would have preferred to see stronger team. We have too many one-sided games on the Oval. The cricket in Melbourne on Saturday last was not particularly exciting. On the M.O.C. ground the match between Melbourne and South Melbourne was continued, and the Souths, scored 183 against 227 made by their opponents the previous week. When stumps were drawn the M.O.C. had two wickets down for 33. For South Melbourne Major played a fine innings for 44 before being run out, W. H. Cooper made 25, and Treadaway 29. A one day's match was played between the E.M.C. and Carlton on the ground of the former. Carlton scored 227 Jones making ,61 and ficown 51 not out. The E.M.C. had only time to make 32 for the loss of 3 wickets before stumps were drawn. In Sydney on Saturday week the University team met Carlton on tbe Association Gronud. Carlton scored 174, of which Nnnn made 77 and Geary 26; and the 'Varsity men had 2 wickets down for 15 when play ceased for the day. Garrett is playing with the University team and got 3 wickets for 50, and 3 runs not out. Centuries are now becoming quite common. They have had six of tbem * in Tasmania lately, the heroes being G. H. Bailey (of the first Australian Eleven), who scored 183 against the Peep o' Day; E. H. Butler, who made 119 against Derwent in the same match, but was missed several times; J. M. Martin, the pick of northern Tasmanian batsmen, while playing against the Victorian Bohemians who paid the tight little island a visit the other day O. Butler (182), and Boddau (115), while playing against the same team at Hobart Town ; and Tobin, 189 not out for tbe Bohemians. The scoring on both sides was extraordinarily high, the Tasmanian innings closing for 478, and the Bohemians scoring 350, for a loss of only five wickets. It very rarely happens that three centuries are made in one matcb, bat then it does not always happen that the wickets are as good as those at Hobart Town. The match was drawn, or a gigantic total might have been made in the match. Martin (not the W. Martin who was in Adelaide three seasons ago) scored 28 and 108, but the Bohemians had the best of it nevertheless by ten wickets. The Launceston team scored 104 and 260; the Bohemians 294 and 71 withont the loss of a wicket. There was some big individual scoring on both sides, and especially by wellknown Melbourne players. E. W. Wallington got 88 and 31 not ont, A. F. Robinson 54 and 34 not out, and Austin Loughnan 43. THE OVAL.—SATURDAY, FEUP.UABS 14. HjSEMARfiH V. Kl'.KSTSGTON'. The Kensington team are said to have gone to the Oval-on Saturday with a strong hope of wrenching a victor}' from the Bricfe, but the fickle dame was against ihern in the toss, and having the worst of the wicket they only managed to score abcut half as many runs as their opponents. The weather was dcliciotisly cool compared to some we have had of late, and the wickei was a good one. There was a very fair attendance of spectators, and considerable interest was manifested in the match till the result w as placed beyond doubt. Since the previous Saturday some improvements have been made on the Oval, including the erection of a number of new seats around the chains, and the partitioninp-off of a portion of the pavilion for the exclusive use of the members and lt-dies. This will be a great convenience, and will supply a want tiif-t has long been felt by these members wliu were accompanied by ladies, or wiio were not nnsioiis to occupy seats among the more excited par!if.ans of the clubs, who only visit the Oval when their particular team is playing, and then sometimes become cmite boisterous in their enthusiasm. Tbe Hind marsh team went first to the wicket.', and they btpan well, the tim wicket (Noel's; falling for 21, and the second (Green's) for tifj. The top scorer of the day (Bullough), instead of being the hero of ti:s match, was for the time being the most unpopular man on the Oval, the cause being the disgraceful manner in which he ran Jarvis out. The crack, who naturally desired to score, in view of the probability of his going houie with the Australian Eleven, played two or three balls nicely, and then drove one well along the carpet past the bowler. There was ample time fur a ran, and Jarvis called his companion ; but Bullough (who appeared to be talking to the bowler) declined to move—even when Jarvis had called egain and had got within a yard or two nf the opposite wicket. Jar'.is then turned round and tried to get bsuk, but he v.-as a trifle t;io l:i,tj, and i-.t- retired—nr.: cut. i:i the most .stupid mr.v.Tier h - Liuifiiij^i. The feL-lin? L.gan:st the Yorkshire .a was so Mrone that wi cn he retire-! he v.13 j.-:--;-'U--i v. iih a i v\v hi>.«ts-—i.iisglfc.l of . v.i:h rs fci- his ruus. lie had g : ven a chance or two: bvt. H.Mo: on Li/ d !•.'.,• "-..rf^r^'ane.! "A-'? »le ioesc^sibi? c:aisnc-r in v . h » i ra-i c-:. hi; 1 -;? •' s v> ry ^..-iv in:,f'>r his team, but he got several fine leg-bits, including one for which 5 were run. The ball went nearly to the point where the fl'^inc and the rope meet, near tbe entrance gate. The last of the Hindmarsh men {Burnet) infused new life into the game, and scored 10 runs in four bits, his firstgoing Clean over the rope, and one of the others being a chain-hit. The innings closed for 132, the Hindmarsh defence having been very good. The Kensington fielding was brilliant at times, but on the whole it was not up to their usual standard. Tardif was the most successful trundler, and the one who seemed to puzzle the batsmen most. Savrini kept the wickets very well, and Gibbs was a active as ever in the field. The Kensington batting was weak, or perhaps we ought rather to say Arthur's bowling was far too good for it. He got his first three wickets before a run had been scored off him, and his fourth only cost 2 more. His average at the close of the innings was S for 20. " Thurgarland, who is admittedly one of the best batsmen in the team, made top score—16. The display of the other members of the team calls for no speciu comment, as their scores are given below, and ~tlie total only reached 67. The Hindmarsh fieldingwas excellent. King got the best bowling average, but he only took 2 wickets for i runs. Scores:— NINDMARSD. Captain, Mr. F. King; Umpire, Mr. Travers. J. Noel, c. Caterer, b. Edwards W. Bullough, st. Savrini, b. Tardif G. Green, c. Stow, b. Tardif 13 A. H. Jarvis, rim ont 0 H. Arthur, b. Caterer ... F. King, c. and b. Tardif J. Gould, c. Gibbs, b. Edwards H. Chittleborough, b. Tardif T. Bill, c. Thurgarland, b. Tardif S. Mayne, not out 11- C. Burnet, c. Tardif. b. Edwards Leg-bye Total Caterer ... Edwards Bowling Analysis. Ballp. Runs. ... Iit 23 39 Mdns. Wkts. TardiT ... ... 8i 46 Eigaud .. ... 24 17 J. "W. Stow ... 2i 6 1 — KENSINGTON. Captain, Mr. C. 5. Gibbs; Umpire, Mr. A. Crooks. F. Stanton, c. King, b. Arthur 3\. Hardy, b. Bullough T. A. Caterer,, b. Bullough H. Thurgarland, b. Arthur J. W. Stow, b. Arthur. F. H. Sharland, st. Jarvis, b. Arthur J. H. Tardif, c. Jarvis, b. King H. £dwards, Ib.w., b. Mayne C. H. Gibbs, c. Bullough, b. King .. S. Bigandj b. Arthur _ H. Savrini, not out Total Bullough Noel ... Arthur ... Mayne ... King ... Bowling Analysis. Balls. Buns. Mdns. Wkts. . 36 17 1 2 . 36 14 — . 66 20 3 S 36 12 3 1 . 2S 4 2 2 KENT V. SOOTH Acsrr.AI.IAN. One of the issueB attendant on the result of this match was which club should occupy the lowest position on the challenge-cup scoring list. The question was unequivocally answered against the South Australians, who were easily defeated by the Kents. Several of the Kent men batted very freely, and tbe South Australian fielding being very indifferent there was some rather tall scoring. The century was passed and 127 registered before the seventh wicket fell, but the last few men failed to keep up the constant succession of chain-hits by which the innings of Knill, B. Furnell, and Quilty bad been characterized. The South Australian longstop allowed 17 byes and leg- byes to be scored, and when the last Kent man retired 148 runs had been put up. Then the South Australians began their career as batsmen: but in all cases save one it was a brief one, the exception being Belt, who played very freely for his 28. G. Vigden Cross bowled splendidly for the Kents, and he was rewarded by 8 out of the 9 wickets taken. Scores :— KENT. " Captain, " Mr. B. J. • Furnell; Umpire, Mr. T. Mitchell. S. Furnell, run ont 0 A. Shawyer, b. Mudie Sherrard, c. Counsell, b. E. Stow G.- Brown, b. LiddeU F. Rule. b. E. Stow W.iKniiLb. Counsell B. Furnell, b. Mudie J. Quilty, b. Belt G. V. Cross, b. Mudie C. Warren, not out F. Furnell, l.b.w., b. Mudie ... Byes 14, leg-byes 3 Total Stow... Mudie ... P. Stow... CounEell Liddell ... Pelly ... Belt 0 9 12 8 25 30 33 ...14S Bowline Analysis. Balls. Xiuns. Mdns. •Wits. ... 90 43 2 ... 06 2 0 6 4 ... 12 12 — ... 24 10 1 1 SO 17 1 ... 24 16 1 ... 18 4 1 1 SOUTH AUSTRALIAN. Captain, Mr. R. Petty; Umpire- Mr. T. A. Beeves. A Liddell, Lb.w., h. Cress M. Acraman, c. Warren, b. Cross E. Pelly, b. Cross 12 P. Stow, b. Cross o F. Belt, c. Shawyer, b. Cross 23 R. Stow, b. Cross 8 H. Mudie, b. Cross 6 P. Canaway, c. Knill, b. Cross J. Counsel], not. out 7 H. Wyatt, b. Shawyer „. 6 E. Moore, run out * Leg-byes Total C. Warren G. V. Cross A. Shawyer B. Furnell Bowling Analysis. Balls. Rons. ... 68 29 ... 10S 37 ... 36 ... 12 CHALLENGE-CUP SCORING LIST. Won. North Adelaide ... 7 1 Hindmarsh ... 7 2 Korwood ... 4 Kensington 4 4 South Adelaide ... ... 3 . 5 76 Mdns. Wkts. 3 2 Z Kent ... 2 6 South Australian 2 7 