THE MINER'S RIGHT. A Tale of the Australian Goldfields. CHAPTER XXXIV. On the day on which Morsley stood remanded, I once more entered the Court- house, under very different auspices from those of my last appearance there. Accompanied by the Major and Olivera, I was warmly received by Captain Blake, and we were accommodated with seats by special permission of the Bench, from where we could observe the proceedings at our leisure. The time the Court was to open had been purposely anticipated by us, as we wished to be freed from the inconvenience to which the inevitable crush of the crowded building would have given rise. The hour, however, arrived, "and the man." Had I been of a persistently revengeful nature, every feeling of that kind would have been gratified when I saw my enemy brought in, carefully guarded by the police, and placed in the dock. The Sergeant's expression, it is true, betrayed no other feeling but that which might have actuated a zealous naturalist in possession of a very rare living specimen liable to take flight at any moment. On his calm brow, in his watchful grey eyes, there was not the faintest sign of moral reprobation or even partial disapproval. Nothing but unsleeping vigilance, inflexible determination, and careful reminiscent accuracy, as of a dux in a mental arithmetic class continually examining himself lest he might have forgotten his calculation. As for Edward Morsley, his fierce features were clouded, as of old, with the look of sullen defiance which was natural to them. I looked at him from time to time, wondering in my own mind whether prejudice caused me to see guilt in every line of his face, or whether I did him wrong and translated the shadow of past crime into a reflection of the deed still untracked and unavenged. Who could say ? Was it a real, true, actual fact, that Jane had been foully done to death, was buried and lost to all things beneath the sun for evermore ? Why couldn't the dead, for one short period, return and avouch tho truth, confound the guilty and absolve tho innocent. Mystery of mysteries ! Portals inscrutable of the silent eternities ! What secrets do they not enfold. Again the Court was filled. The Bench was seated. The witnesses are in attendance. Mr. Markson and Dr. Bellair, like heralds in the medieval tournaments, are busy with preliminary arrangements on which hang the issues of life and death. Before progress can be made with the new trial, all proceedings are read through which have been initiated on the former occasion. Then the Bench inquired of Sergeant McMahon if he had procured additional material evidence in the case on account of which the prisoner had been remanded. " On most insufficient grounds, your worships," said Dr. Bellair. Mr. Markson smiled in a gratified manner. The Sergeant stroked his immense beard, which concealed the third button of his uniform coat, and merely remarked -- " The Bench may have a different opinion shortly, Doctor," and then said, "Call George Corbett." A respectably dressed, open countenanced miner stepped forward and went into the witness box. When sworn, this was his statement. " I am a miner, and reside at The Oxley, where I am a shareholder in the Crinoline claim, Red Hill. On the 20th instant, on the night of the murder, I was coming up to town, when I saw a man covered up with a poncho, come out of Simpson's Hotel and run down Mayne-street. He stopped just opposite me and turned into a sido alley near a butcher's shop. There is a deep shaft close to the edge of the lane. He stopped for a second or two and walked quickly up to the hotel again. His clothes then looked of a lightish colour, and he had no poncho on. To the best of my belief the prisoner now before the Court is that man. I did not speak to him, but followed him to the hotel. There was a crowd collected there, and I heard the man in the light clothes say, " I charge that man (meaning Harry Pole) for murdering my wife." Then I heard that Mrs. Morsley had been killed, and I saw the police take Harry Pole away. Afterwards, I showed Sergeant McMahon the shaft, which I spoke of near the butcher's ; it was an old shicer and pretty deep. It could hardly have been two minutes between the time the man in the poncho came down the street and returned. Cross-examined by Dr. Bellair, the miner stated ; Have no acquaintance with the prisoner. Have seen the deceased Mrs. Morsley several times ; did not know her to speak to. Know Harry Pole, merely as a digger ; am not a friend of his. May have passed him the time of day. Told the Sergeant that I saw a man run down the street at the time of the murder. Showed him the shaft afterwards. It was one of the old block claims before the main lead was struck. Must be about sixty feet deep. Have no interest in the case one way or tho other, but would do anything in my power to bring a murderer to justice. Any man worth calling a man would do the same." " That will do, you can go down," said the Doctor. " Your moral ideas are not called into question, and your evidence is not important, one way or the other." " You will see more about that, Doctor," said the Sergeant, with marked respect. " Your worships, I desire to tender evidence personally in the case, and I request to be sworn." " I also desire to know whether the police are to be Crown prosecutors, advocates, gaolers and witnesses all in one, and acting in the same case, whenever they may see fit to try and procure a conviction," cried Dr. Bellair. " I submit, your worships, that the fact of a police officer usurping all those powers is monstrous ; in every way most improper and unauthorised. In the name of my client, I demand the protection of the Court." " The Court is of the opinion, Dr. Bellair, that Sergeant McMahon has a perfect right to tender evidence in this or any other case which, from circumstances, may be most material. Swear the witness." The Sergeant was accordingly sworn with due solemnity. He deposed as follows :- " My name is John Fitzgerald McMahon. I am a senior-sergeant of police, stationed at The Oxley. On the 20th instant, I was on duty at the lower end of Main-street, when I observed a crowd forming in the vicinity of Simpson's Hotel. I proceeded there as quickly as possible, thinking it might be a fight or a fire, and passing through the crowd, I saw Mr. Hereward Pole supporting the deceased Mrs. Morsley in his arms. She appeared to be in a fainting or dying condition. Blood was flowing from her throat freely and Mr. Pole's hands and clothes were covered with her blood. I had her placed upon a bed. About a minute afterwards the prisoner called out to me from among the crowd to take Mr. Pole into custody, who he charged with the murder of his wife. I did so. I noticed at the time time that the prisoner was dressed in a grey tweed suit, as he is at present. I saw that one button was missing between the upper or throat button and the third. I looked at his hands ; they were tree from stain. I left Constable Grant in the house with instructions to him to search carefully around the spot where the deed had been done. After locking up Mr Pole (which I did to throw the guilty parties off their guard) --" " Mr. Pole is very much obliged to you, Sergeant," said Mr. Markson, " I feel certain. No doubt he will recognise the compliment when he has a little time for consideration." " We have to manage these things in our own way, Mr. Markson. It was a little hard on him. I beg to resume my evidence. I returned to the house and very closely and carefully examined the the corpse. In the right hand, which was clenched, I found this button (already produced by Mr Markson). It corresponds with the buttons on the coat being worn at present by the prisoner, from which a button similar in size and shape has been lately torn and replaced. I caused this button to be compared with those upon prisoner's coat when he was asleep, and can produce the witness who so compared them. There was a small piece of silk thread, known by tailors as "twist," in the button. It is the same as that used in the sewing of the other buttons on the prisoner's coat. A few hairs from a beard, were tangled in the clenched fingers of the left hand of the deceased. I produce them, wrapped in paper. They are black, curling and slightly tinged with grey. They correspond with the beard of the prisoner. The hair of deceased was light brown, almost flaxen." The Sergeant stooped down, and placed before him on the ledge of the witness- box, a formidable parcel which he commenced to open carefully. " From information received, on the following day I went to a shaft in a narrow lane close to Simpson's hotel. I caused myself to be lowered down it, taking a candle, and examined the bottom. I there found a pair of loose dogskin gloves. They were on the poncho produced (sensation) ; It is of dark cloth, and of a size suitable for the prisoner. There are fresh stains upon the gloves, chiefly on the right hand one. There is a dark reddish stain upon the outside of the poncho, on the front, as if a sudden gush of liquid had produced it. I also found a knife, which I now produce. It is a sheath knife, ground very sharp, and slightly curved inwards. The blade and handle are stained with blood - recently stained and hardly dry ! In the pocket of the poncho was a handkerchief (which I produce) ; it is marked in a woman's handwriting, E. H. M. There was also a unopened newspaper, and two unopened letters, addressed to Mr. Edward Morsley, Warraluen." Cross-examined by Dr. Bellair -" Have known prisoner for several years, ever since he came to Granville Rush. Am not prepared to say that he has committed offences against the law, but he has always been an associate of bad characters. Have had him watched since tho night of the murder ; do not consider that kind of espionage improper, when men are suspected of crimes such as prisoner is now charged with. Cannot swear that prisoner is the man the witness Corbett saw running towards the shaft, but consider that the evidence produced tends strongly in that direction. Prisoner, in his evidence in Pole's case, distinctly swore that he did not own a poncho. Have more evidence to bring forward." " Call Luke Weston." A short, broad-shouldered, swarthy man, with earrings, now stepped forward. His rolling gait betrays an acquaintance with the high seas, and to the suspicion that he left his last ship without applying formally for leave. He is sworn, and, hitching up his trousers, makes the following answers to Mr. Markson : " My name is Luke Weston. Am a miner. Came out in the Cambysun. Have been here about three months digging. Know the chap in the dock ; saw him at Pegley last week. He was chucking his money about, but seemed down on his luck like. We were talking about knives, and I threw my knife and made it stick in a board. It's a trick I learnt from the Spaniards when I was hide-droghing in South America. He looked at it and said the edge was sharp, too. I said it was, and no mistake. I wanted a job, and he said he'd give me a line to a friend to put me on as a wages man at a reef at Warruluen. I thought it very kind of him. He also advanced me a pound to pay my coach fare. We had a couple of drinks before we went to bed. Just as he was going away he looked at my knife, and asked if I'd give it to him if he fancied it. I took off the belt, sheath and all. He laughed and walked away with it. I went to Warraluen early next morning. I've looked at the knife produced ; it is my knife. I will swear to it, because the wood of the handle, which is a Brazil wood. I also looked at the belt and the sheath produced. They were my belt and sheath. The sheath is not leather - it is raw horse hide dressed in Spanish fashion. I swear that the prisoner is the man I gave my knife to." By Dr. Bellair - How did I leave my ship ? Well, I ran away, if you want to know the particulars. Lots of other sailormen did the same. Had been drinking a little during the evening with the prisoner. Was not drunk, nor even half seas over. Got work at Warraluen on the prisoner's recommendation. Do not think it mean to give evidence against him. Believe him to be a bloody murdering land- pirate that ought to be hung at the yard-arm." " Call Constable Grant." He is sworn, and thus gave the following evidence. " My name is Donald Glencairn Grant. I am a police constable stationed at The Oxley. I remember the night when Mrs. Morsley was murdered. I saw her conveyed to bed. I remained when Sergeant MacMahon arrested Mr. Pole and conveyed him to the lockup. I remained behind and in accordance with instructions, examined the room where the murder took place very carefully. I found a gold sleeve button or sleeve link, such as shirts are fastened with, which I produce ; it was on the floor and was stained with blood. It has the letters "E.H.M. Ballarat" engraved the inside. It is rather a large stud, and is of Australian gold. I was present when Sergeant MacMahon found the button and the hair in the hands of the deceased. He sent me to call Mrs. Simpson before we touched them. We had great difficulty in getting them as the hands were so tightly closed. Immediately upon prisoner being arrested last week, I went in accordance with previous instructions to the room which the prisoner had occupied at the New Zealand Hotel. I found Mr. Malgrade, who has given evidence, about to enter, but I prevented him doing so, saying I was about to seal up the door. I searched the room and found at the bottom of a trunk the belt and sheath which have been produced during the examination of the last witness. lt had " E. H. Morsley" painted on the outside. It was a leathern travelling trunk or portmanteau. I also discovered the fellow to the sleeve link produced, which I found on the floor at Simpson Hotel, stained with deceased's blood. The sleeve link, which I now produce, was not stained. It is exactly like the other, and has the same letters engraved on it, and also Ballarat. I then sealed up the door and came away." By Dr. Bellair - " I was told to watch the prisoner in a general way after the murder, as evidence might be forthcoming against him. Do not know why Senior- sergeant McMahon did not arrest him on suspicion, if he suspected him. It was his case. I suppose he had reasons for what he did. Do not know anything about the prisoner or his wife. Have only recently arrived on this field. Was formerly stationed at New England. Have heard in a general way that the prisoner was jealous of his wife. Did not trouble my head about that part of the affair, it was no business of mine. Believe it to be my duty, as a police constable, to prevent crime if legally possible, or to aid in apprehending criminals." Mr. Markson suggested that if the Dr. wished to examine the witness as to the " whole duty of man" as applicable to the Police Force, he could do no better than consult that admirable manual of Regulations lately issued by the Inspector General, and save the time of the Court. Dr. Bellair submitted that he had a perfect right to test the credibility of any witness, and was not inclined to take for granted the good faith of the whole police force, believing that they were too fond of getting up sensational cases and manufacturing evidence which rested upon the most fragile foundation. As the details, which had been so carefully collected by the Sergeant, wrought themselves one by one into their appointed places - links in the chain of circumstantial evidence which gradually environed the prisoner, every eye in the Court was fixed upon him with horror and reprobation. Yet he seems wholly absorbed in his own reflections, and apparently failed to perceive that he was the centre of a thousand unwavering, unfriendly regards. It was only towards the end of the protracted proceedings, as he leaned heavily upon the front of the dock, that I marked a gradual sinking of his muscular frame - a pallor approaching ghastliness overspreading his features. Once only did his eyes meet mine, when arousing himself he stared me fully in the face, leaning on his arms. If a look could have killed, my life would have ended there. Rarely do mortal men encounter so dreadful a gaze. Such eyes may glare hopelessly from forms tormented, accursed, in the Inferno devoted to arch-criminals. Wretched and degraded as are the dwellers in the dark places of the earth, even among them such demoniac malice is rarely exhibited. I shuddered instinctively and felt relieved to think that this was, in all probability, our last meeting. Mr. Markson made a short telling speech, carefully confining himself to those parts of the evidence which in his mind most conclusively connected the prisoner to the crime. Whatever doubt their worships might have in their own minds, it was not for them to usurp the functions of the jury to whom would be left the duty and responsibility of deciding whether or not the evidence established the prisoner's guilt. The plain duty of the Bench was to commit the prisoner for trial at the next ensuing Court of Assize. And this view of the case the Bench unanimously took in spite of a tremendous ad captandum speech from Dr. Bellair, who inveighed passionately against the insecurity and danger of circumstantial evidence, and defied the magistrates to connect his client personally with the deed which had been committed. " The Bench desires to remind you, Dr. Bellair," said the Commissioner, " that we are only acting ministerially. This is only a preliminary proceeding. Many of your arguments, the Bench Bench think would have great weight with a jury, but we have made up our minds to commit. I would suggest that you are only wasting your own valuable time and, perhaps, that of the Court." " If the Bench have made up their minds - if they are resolved, no matter what arguments may be brought forward, and to take a particular, pre-judged course, I, of course cannot prevent it," said the Dr., at a white heat. " With regard to the closing observation of Mr. Commissioner Blake, I will observe that I bow to the decision of the Bench as to questions of law ; but the assertion that I am wasting the time of the Court deals with a question of fact, concerning which I am as competent to form an opinion as any man living, be he whom he may." Here the little man folded his arms, and frowned ferociously at the Bench, presenting a not inapt likeness to a frantic terrier confronting a kennel of staghounds. '' Edward Hill Morsley," said the Commissioner, deigning no further notice of the irate advocate, and as he spoke the slightest sound was audible throughout tho Court. " You are not obliged to say anything, and what you say will be taken down in writing, and may be used against you at your trial. Do you desire to say anything ?" " Nothing whatever," answered Morsley, with the most perfect sang froid. " My client reserves his defence," said the Dr. defiantly, " Edward Hill Morsley," again said the Commissioner, in measured and grave accents, " you stand committed to take your trial for wilful murder at the next ensuing Assize Court, to be held at Russell on the 20th January next." " Call up the witnesses, Sergeant McMahon, and let them be duly bound over to appear." This was done. The prisoner was removed, amid the muttered execrations of the crowd, who pressed to gaze at him as he was hurried away. The Court was adjourned, and as my comrades and I walked silently away, a load seemed lifted from my mind, in that the innocent blood that had been shed would be avenged, and no mourning ghost, as sings the rude folk-lore of her own land, would flit over the hearth stone of poor Jane's birthplace, waiting in the midnight hour for justice denied both of God and man. To Be Continued. 