HE WANTED TO BE AN ACTOR. (FBOM THE DETROIT FREE PRESS.) A citizen, whose best weight never ex ceeds 120 ponnds, was the other day buy ing a couple of hens of a farmer on the market, and before the bargain was con cluded, the two became quite friendly, and the farmer said lie had something on his mind to communicate. One of his boys had a passion for theatricals, and was desirous of becoming an actor. The idea was so strong on him that he had be come worthless round the farm, and the father was in a peck of trouble to know how to turn the boy's attention from the footlights to the plough- handles. " 'Spose I send him to you, 'spose you make fun and ridicule him and let him see how foolish it is V' suggested the fa ther, and the citizen agreed. As a result of their planning the boy walked into the citizen's place of business on OongresB street East next morning. The father had called him a boy, bat he weighed about 160 pounds, Btood nearly six feet high, and he had a pair of hands as large as the chromo of the Tosemite Valley. His arrival was expected, and after a few words about the weather, the citizen queried : " So you think you would make an actor, eh ?" " Yes, I kinder tliink so," was the reply. " What line would you take V' " Well, I kinder like tragedy." "Tragedy! Why, you couldn't suc ceed in tragedy ! Look at your hands ! Look at those feet ! Remember your voice! You'd be hissed off the stage. Don't never think of tragedy." " How would I do in a drama," asked the boy. " Not at all; in the first place your ears are too large. Then your heels stick out too far. Then your hands would hide half the other actors. Don't try the drama, for you will be a dead failure." " Could I do anything in comedy ?" " Not a thing. The sight of you in comedy would be the same as the sight of a hearse on the stage. All the facial ex pression you have is behind your earB." " I've thought some of being a nigger minstrel," observed the boy, after a long silence. " That's the worst of all. I tell you, boy, you'd better stick to the farm. You are not cut out for an actor, and you want to drop the idea." Couldn't I act as usher 1" " No sir; you are too stiff in the knees." " Couldn't I take tickets 2" " Never ! Your hands are too big for that work." " Couldn't I shift scenes ?" "No. You are too big and unwieldly." There was a long and painful silence. Then the boy rose up and said : " Well, I'm bound to go into thea tricals. If I can't be anything else I'll be the feller that stands at the door to raise a row, and I'll begin on you ! Come over here !" He hauled the adviser over the table, clutched him by the small of the back, and spun him around, slammed him against the wall, and dropped him to get a better hold. When the curtain rose on the next act there was a strictly private conversation going on between Hamlet and the Ghost, and the Ghost's coat was ripped up the back and his collar torn open. Then Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice : " Caitiff ! do you declare that I cannot act V' Then the Ghost dodged around the table and replied : " No, I don't ! You are all right—you are a splendid actor—you can't help but win !" " And you'll tell me father so 1" " I will—you bet I will!" " If you don't !" Here Hamlet took three steps forward, two back, scowled his fiercest, and the Ghost jumped behind the stove and vowed he'd even pay 50 dollars for a private box on the night of the debut. " 'Tis well!" said Hamlet, and he went over on the market to see if he could sell three pecks of onion sets for cash down. 