ODDS AND ENDS. By Urbau. The Silvesters' farewell performance, in St. George's Hall, was well attended. The Sleeping Beauty was greatly admired. But I don't think much "of the Katie King mys- tery after seeing Professor Baldwin. A few members of the Catholic Young Men's Society, under the title of the " Gar- rick Club," gave an entertainment last week in the Oddfellows Hall, Fremantle, and drew a fair" audience. A dance con - eluded the evenings amusement. On Friday night, the Congregational S. S. repeated the service of song, entitled " Creatim," in the Town Hall. It was well attended and reflected great credit on Mr. George Letch for the thorough training of the children. Rainer's Diorama of . the Russo-Turkish War is drawing crowds to the Town Hall. The chance of obtaining a valuable prize is not one of its least attractions. The paint ings are really good, far Superior to any thing which has been shown in West Aus tralia hitherto ; the scene representing the siege and blowing up of Kars is alone worth a visit. Mr. Griffiths is shortly to introduce to us Professor Pepper's Ghost, and other illu- sionary scenes. Tuesday August 31, was a red-letter day in Fremantle, as Barnfield opened the Rail way Bridge and tried the engine on about a mile of tlie railway. He invited the Go vernor, and notabilities to witness it, and afterwards entertained them at Caesar's. In the course of the afternoon some hun dreds of children were enjoying a ride in the trucks. Mr. William Bell lias been appointed head master of the Perth Government Boys' School. He has been for some time teach er at Banbury, where he gave much satis faction, and was universally liked. His selection by the Central Board ' has met with general approbation, as he is entirely colonially trained, and I believe under Mr. Adkinson the former successful master of the Perth School. From a London telegram I perceive that our loan is quoted on the Stock Exchange at the respectable figure of 104. At the London wool sales, on Aug. 19, there was a fair attendance, both of home and foreign buyers. Competition was somewhat brisker, and prices improved. Greasy wools closed at fd per lb. higher. It is generally believed here that the Government have done the correct tiling in determining to recognize adequately the great service rendered tp tlie colony by Mr. Alexander Forrest and his companions. In tiie quantity of useful results obtained no Australian exploration has approached the success of that of Mr. Forrest. The colony has every reason to be proud of her sons. Last Wednesday a Mr. Gibbs, of Fre mantle, was attempting to impound some cows, when they were rescued from his possession by Mr. Davles, the milkman. Davies was fined £5 by the Fremantle Bench. You will perhaps be surprised to hear tliat Sir Thomas Campbell is numbered amongst those who wish to "withdraw State aid to clergymen. And many in Perth are greatly surprised, none more so than Sir Luke Leake, who looked most right eously indignant. But all here feel that the day is near, when our spiritual leaders will have to look solely to their congiega tions for support. This is a; consumma tion devoutly to be wished. If the- Wes- leyans, and other comparatively small sects, can afford to decently maintain their mi nisters, surely the Church of England, the chuich of the majority, rich and powerful, can do likewise. I am aware of your views on this subject, and looked, before this, to see you take your stand as a cham pion of disestablishment. The route followed for the second sec tion of the Eastern Railway is that recom mended by Mr. Fraser. It will be a direct line from Guildford to York, and the cost of construction is estimated at £3,000 per mile. A lad nanfed Pat Burnard, who was un dergoing a sentence of six months' impri sonment for a theft committed at Freman tle, made his escape from the -Perth Gaol lately. He got out of a small hole, which he knocked in the wall, and was half way to Fremantle before he was arrested. 