A Ghost Story. Dr. Jessop has seen a ghost, and he does not shrink from avowing the fact. He tells his story in the columns of the Athenæum of the 10th of January, wisely remarking that since the event will be talked about it is well that it should be narrated by himself. At the time of the visitation he was residing at the mansion of Lord Orford near Norwich. He was sitting up till past midnight making extracts from some books in the library. He had got to the last book of a small pile he had collected, and by one o'clock had nearly completed his task, when he saw a large white hand within a foot of his elbow. Raising his eyes he found that the hand be- longed to the figure of a large man bending slightly over the table. The face of this figure was turned away, but the docter could see its closely-cut reddish-brown hair, its ear and shaved cheek, its eyebrow, the corner of its right eye, the side of its forehead, and its large high cheek- bone. Its dress was that of an ecclesiastic of bygone days. The vision was distinct, and even the large blue veins of the hand wore conspicuous. The docter was not in the least alarmed, and he even felt an impulse to make a pencil sketch of the apparition. The only fear that he felt was that his visitant might go. He tried to speak, but found that he dared not. He tried the ex- periment of resuming his work, and actually finished the transcription of the passage he had in hand without the slightest tremor. He shut the book, and the figure vanished. He then went to bed, put out the candle, and slept soundly. The narrator admits that for some weeks previously he had had a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and considerable mental strain of one kind or another, but denies that he was weary, irritated, or fagged. The probability, notwithstanding, is that he was merely suffering from indigestion and exhausted nervous energy, and that if he had told his story to his physician he would have been advised not to let it go any further. 