CORRESPONDENCE. FK.EETIXOUG3IT VBttstis BIBLE BELIEF TO TIIK KltlTOlt OP THE SYDNEY TlAtt.Y TEl.FJJKlpn S:r,— I hope tho Editor of the Daily Telegraph will allow mioLher writer to have a brief say on tho aboro ; subject. I have read the artiolu signed " D. IV. " in a recent issue ; nud although I can ill afford the tima just now, I will, with the Editor's perruietiou, say .something by way of answer. I do not know that I am callcd upcm to disprove "D. W.'s " first charge ' agninst the Bible— for bis assertion that many - of its parages aTe absurd, immoral, and contradictory ir only an dssctUoii. He bad no time, ho tells us, to make good bin words by quotations. If he had dono . t so I might have been able to show, him, perhaps, that , the fault lay with him rather than with the Bible. I do not deny thai there are obscure aiul difficult » places in it which some minds wonld he sure to stumble ' over,- But Ihey all, I beliore, admit of nil explan- ; ation that is consonant with sound reason. And in proof that the moral tendency of the Book is as it .should bo, I would adduce the lives of tbein who have 'mado the Bible their study, and who have endea voured to walk in accordance with Its teaching Even ";D. W." will not deny, I hope, that by far the greatest part of these have been, really good moral people. No doubt hypocrites, nnd dcccivors havo hcon fouud- among them ; but the outcry that ha been raised against them by people generally, when ever they have been discovered, has been an iinmis- tukablc sign thatj however others might live and act, better things had been expected of them. " D. W." further says tlmt certain passages arc so indelicate (obscene is the word he nses) that lie would not suffer his daughter to read them in tho' family Of course he would not. The Bible . is a very old-fashioned, plnin-spokeu book. It treat of human nature ns it is, and does, not shrink from calling a spade a spade. Besides, what would be indelicate to us, with out modern crmlish notions, would not have been so deemed in thoso primitive ages of the world to which these passages relate. But somebody, it eccms, has said thnt tho Bible has withstood " tlie shock of agee." This " D. W." allows, and ho moreover goes on to affirm his belief that it will coutiuuc to do so. But repent ing of the admission, he turns round upou it and utterly demolishes it. And in this wiso he does it. The Bible has been so woefully damaged, be declares, by the attacks of critics ami commentators that at tho present moment it is laid up and undergoing rcpaira j. and so many faults, defects, and errors havu been - found in it thntj though a number of the most eminent : doctors of divinity in England and America have . been engaged for eight years in trying to remedy its defects and improve its appearance, they have not v yet fiuished the work so as to present itship-shapo to an expectant public." And he draws Lhe inference thnt a " book ho full of error that it tnkes tbo most eminent intellects such a number of years to amend and correct can scarcely have had its pages stamped with 'the autograph' of a perfect Deity." Now, this mode of reasoning . is either a sign of remarkable ignorance 011 the part, of one who undertakes to set other people right, or it :--, is an indication of something worse. One in "D.w.V' position ought to know that the eminent scholars to whom he alludes as having laboured eight. --years already nt the work of renairine the Bible havo made no such attempt as the one he imputes to them. Such an idea, he may take it for granted, never once entered iuto the imagination of one of them , What they aim at and havo laboured so long together for, is to render the English version of the Bible n more perfect and exact equivalent fur the original text than it is at present. They want to offer plain men nud women, who know'nothing of Hebrew nnd Greek, nn opportunity of reading in their own Saxon mother- tongue that which they believe was originally writen for our learning. They do. not meddle with' the original text. They endeavour, indeed, hy patient labour, by examining and comparing together the most ancient MS. copies of the Old and New Testaments, to find out, ns far as may he, what is the test of the original, the Word, ns it came forth from God, through men of old, who wrote it ub they were moved by the Holy Ghost. But they would no more . > think 01 improving upon the original tiian they . would of committing forgery. They only try, I ray, to find out what bus been written, and to present it ns intelligibly as may be to English readers, altering no more than they cau possibly avoid doing thcstatelv grabd old English of King James's translators. Now "D. W." either knew all this or ho did not know it. If he did not know it he was manifestly incapable of dealing with, the subject that he has presumed to hnndlo ; and if, on tlie other hand, ho did know nil this, what is to be said of his honesty and straight forwardness? - And how, if the Editor will bear with me a little longer, I will, prove " D. W." mistaken once more. He (" D. W.") declares nud . at tempts to prove that Babylon is not an utterly ruined and deserted place, ns Jeremiah predicted it would become. But what does one of tuc greatest authorities living (on a subject of this garb) Bay touching this matter? The present Professor of Ancient History in the University of Oxford (Pro fessor Rawlinson) writes as follows in his article on Babylon in Smith's Dictionary of the Bible : — "Tho 'grcatcity' . , . has thus emphatically 'become heaps.' (Jor. li., 37.) Sho ib truly an astonishment and a hissing, without any inhabitant! Her walls have altogether disappeared, they have ultogclhcr disappeared,, they have fallen (Jcr. li., M),'heon 1 thrown down' (I. 15); been 'broken utterly' (11.68). 'A drought is upon her waters' (li. 39), for the system of irrigation on which, in Babylonia, fertility altogether depends has long been laid aside ; her cities are everywhere (n desolation1 (li. -13) ; her' ' land a wilderness,' ' wild beasts of the desert (jackals) lie there,' and 4 owls dwell there.' The natives regard t lie whole site as haunted, and neither will the ' Arab pitch tent nor the shepherd fold sheep there' (Is. xiii., 20). If 1 D. IV." can prove Professor Rawlinson to be a false witness, he is a cleverer mau than I take him to he.— .Yours ('e.. Ali Saints', St. Peters. CHARLES BABER. Tlie above letter 1ms been inadvertently held over since the day after "), W.'s" letter appeared.— Ed. $'. D. T . 