This Strange Adventure of George Vallance. By Dbamingo. introduction. On the 26th of last January I left Toowoomba by the early train. In the compartment in which I was seated there was only one other passenger- an apparently elderly man, with gray hair and beard, and wearing blue spectacles. Sov I take great interest in the scientific ones -tions that of late years have been agitating the learned and theological circles of the Old World, and am always glad to meet anybody who is open to a little discussion on the merits of the different theories. Hy fellow-traveller somehow impressed me with the idea that he was such a one. Roping, therefore, to beguile the tedium of the journey to Brisbane with a little instructive argument, I made a few remarks on the ordinary topics of the day. He answered me in grave quiet tones that seemed to betoken that he possessed the inclina- tions I gave him credit for. " By-the-by," I said, plunging at once into the middle of my subject, " Do you believe in the proteimceousness of all forms of protoplasm ?" He gave an unaffected start of dismay, and gazed curiously at me through his spectacles. 111 have not studied the subject sufficiently to give you a decided answer," he said at last in a slightly constrained tone. " but am rather inclined to take that view of the case." "There I differ with you," I said eagerly. " Now take for instance the effect produced by the action of galvanism as applied to producing contraction of the component parts of the fundamental substance. The very same effect can be produced upon matter which contains only two of the elements common to both and chemical analysis as applied to the living subject" " No you don't !" he cried, starting up and showing himself to be a tall athletic man, much younger than I had supposed. " Not alive I I defy you!" "My dear sir," I stammered, "you must have completely misunderstood me." " I don't misunderstand you. You have tracked me down, but and he seized me by the shoulder "you'll never live to boast of it. I'm going to throw you out of the door !" We were half way down the range when he uttered this threat, just crossing a viaduct, with the tops of tall gum trees far below us. "Do you mean to murder me?" I gasped, horror-stricken, for I felt helpless in his strong hands, " Self-defence he replied coolly, as he opened the door ; " you are an agent of Allcut's, and, as such, deserve no mercy at my hands." "Allcut !" I cried ; never heard of the man before, and have no more evil design against you than a helpless moned." He seemed to hesitate. "I may be mistaken," he said "I should not like to kill you without reason, but I scarcely know whether to let you off or not." After blinking at me doubtingly, as if still debating the feasibility of throwing me into the next gully we crossed, he-to my great relief closed the door, released my shoulder, and sat down. "I owe you an apology for my behaviour just . now," he said after a pause, during which he \- scrutinised me narrowly. "I believe I was hasty; but your words were suspicious, as you would admit if you knew all." I mumbled something about its not being of any consequence, although I still felt the effects of his grip on my shoulder. "To tell you the truth," he went on, "if I'm found by certain people my life will not be worth much, and naturally I am a little suspicious." I thought that throwing a man off a railway train was a little hasty, but said nothing, as we just then plunged into a tunnel. When we were in the middle of it, and in total darkness, my companion laid his hand on my arm, and shouted in my ear : "Properly speaking, I am a dead man !" " Don't joke about Bitch things," I said nervously, as I thought what a nice situation I was in shut up with a lunatic seemingly. "Pooh I I don't mean that I'm a ghost, but by lights I ought to be." " Unless you are a little more explicit," I said, "I am afraid I cannot quite follow you." " Will you swear not to reveal to any man for at least a fortnight what I am going to tell you 1 By the end of that time I shall be well out of harm's way." "I will readily promise that." " It's a long story, so don't grumble if you get bored." The adventure that he then related to me I found so remarkable that I requested him to allow me to take notes of it as he proceeded. I do not therefore profess that I heard it in the same unbroken manner in which it is given here, but in substance it is the same. THE STRANGE ADVENTURE. Part I. Never mind how I came to be reduced to the state of poverty in which New Year's day of 1868 found me, but poor I was, and as destitute as man could be. I had neither money, nor home, nor clothes worth speaking of. Cold, hungry, and houseless in London during a bitterly hard winter, that was my then condition. Of course I was gazing into a cookshop like the typical starving man of fiction and if this portion of my story seems rather stereotyped I cannot help it it is perfectly true. " What a splendid physical development !" said a voice behind me ; " that is to say, if properly filled out. Allow me ;" and the speaker extended a gloved hand, and pinched my scantily clothed riOB in a critical matter. I turned round prepared to strike him, for I did not believe in such a liberty ; but he said hastily : " No offence meant ; pray pardon me, I mean you nothing but well." I surlily damned him and his meaning too, and was moving away, when he followed, and passed his arm under mine. He was dressed in a fur-lined overcoat with the high collar turned up above his ears a round fur cap such as they wear in Germany was upon his head and all I could see of his face was a well-shaped aquiline nose, and bright gleaming eyes. "Now pocket your pride, and answer my questions," this cool stranger said. "Are you hungry !" "Well, yes, I can't deny it." "Very hungry ?" " Yes. Had nothing to eat all day." "Are you cold?" "I look warm'" I asked ironically. "Homeless?" "Yes." "And about the future ?" I jerked my arm away indignantly. " What business is it of yours. Hang myself, drown myself, or starve I suppose." Will you come home with me to-night '" "Yes; go with the devil if he asked me." My companion without another word hailed a passing hansom, and we got in and drove away. We stopped at a large house in Hanson-street, and, passing through double doors, I found myself in a warm lighted hall. My new friend or nation may as well mention his name Pro- fessor Allen told a servant to take me to a room, and furnish me with clothes. When I entered the dressing-room I stood for a moment torture surveying my figure in the glass and grimly contrasting it with the luxurious surroundings. An hour afterwards I looked into the same glass, and could hardly persuade myself that it was the same figure I saw damaged there, way disordered and neglected hair and whiskers Had been brought into order again by an accomplished valet, and my clothes fitted to perfection. The gaunt ruffian who entered the room was now-I flattered myself-a rather striking looking gentleman. I followed the servant downstairs, and was ushered into a drawing-room where I found Allcut in evening dress ; a gray haired man whose name was Dr. Irving and two young and remarkably hand ah18 girls' whose names I need not mention. Allcut introduced me to the others and I was received with a cordiality that was perhaps a 'Wie o\ endure. We soon went to dinner, and to remain suddenly brought from hunger and deso- m °V"dplaoediuthe situation ! now found myself in I need scarcely say that everything required a double zest and flavor. The dinner was excellent, the wines still better, and the company best of all. Perhaps the manner of the two girls had' not quite sufficient of the reserve To stamps the class of Vere de Vere ;" but I was in no mood for criticism, and by the time the ladies left my late life seemed only a troubled nightmare. We did not sit long, and I presently found myself installed upon a couch next to one of my fair friends, the other playing a low a weet sonata upon the piano. Almost directly we reached the drawing-room, Allcut begged me to excuse Irving and him for a short time, and I was left alone, and in perilous company. The soft dreamy music ; the unaccustomed influence of the wine and dinner ; the warm odorous atmosphere of the room and the close proximity of my two beautiful companions-for the couch was drawn up cosily near to the piano lulled me into a state of ecstatic satisfaction with my lot that was simply beatitude. What we talked about, I scarcely remember ; my neighbor at the piano occasionally throwing a sprightly remark into the rippling stream of conversation I was carrying on with the other fair one, and laughing in a tone as silvery as the music itself. Quite an hour must have quickly glided away, when Allcut re-entered and came and joined in the gay badinage we were carrying on. Presently the girls moved away to the further end of the room and he took the vacated place beside me. " Life can be made very pleasant, can it not ?" he asked with a meaning smile I assented most emphatically. " And life-a life Birch as you were living can be nothing but a prolonged torture ? ' Again my assent was undoubted. " Which then is the best ? A few years of enjoyment, with every wish bearing fruition, every desire fulfilled, and every dream realised with wealth to carry out schemes of benevolence and good towards our fellow-men, to further the ends of science, and buy the beautiful surroundings that gratify an innate love of art-to have young and lovely companions of the other sex to soothe with their presence, and in their caresses to forget the past, or to remember it only sufficiently to make its memory lend an added charm to the enjoyment of the present would not such life, terminated by a death of glorious self- sacrifice, be better than many weary years spent in fighting cold and hunger, and the desolate horror of feeling yourself outcast and exiled from your proper sphere ? Weary years to linger through without hope or solace, and at last to die, like that" He pointed forward as he uttered the last words and as by enchantment the room and its voluptuous fittings disappeared, and I was gazing once more on the bleak deserted street. The pavement was encrusted with half-thawed dis- colored snow, and the drizzly winter sleet beat upon a wretched form that crouched shivering and moaning in a doorway. I recognised my own image. Aye, so real was it that it seemed as though I could feel the bitter raw wind racking my aching bones as I drew my soaked rags around my starved and emaciated body could feel the piercing cold striking its relentless dreadful fangs deeper and deeper into my cowering shrinking frame-experienced in my own person all the unutterable agony of a protracted death from cold and hunger ; even as I watched the apparition of myself fall forward with a feeble moan, and lie on the hard pavement, free at last from all the ills that torture the wretched of this world-freed by the blessed angel of Death. Then the vision was gone. I was once more in the room, and on either side of me, bending down and looking tenderly and enquiring into my face, were the two girls. Allcut was standing a few paces in front, and he spoke again in his deep rich voice : " You have your choice. I can give you life : a life such as you are now enjoying, for a few years, and after that death I Or you can go forth again into the streets and linger on perhaps for but a few months ; perhaps for double the number of years you might have spent happily here, and then"- He waved his hand towards the spot where I had seen the late apparition. As he concluded, one of the girls sank down on the couch beside me, and, resting her soft Bhapoly hand on my shoulder, glanced with lustrous eyes over the delicate down fringe of the fan with which she coquettishly concealed the lower part of her face. " Stay with me," she murmured, bending nearer. " Stay with me," echoed the other as she struck a few melodious chords upon the piano, and sang in her seductive voice the following words. The two joining in the last line of each verse. Seeks not the wearied bird refuge and cover ? Hostel not the stag to the shortening time ? Turns not the maid to the arms of her loved ? Then why do you desire us? O stay, love, with me ! Dreamily, happily, had we the morrow here No frown on our features you over shall Beo. No shadow of trouble ; non ant, and no sorrow here ; Why do you doubt as? O stay, love, with me The dying cadence of their blended voices put me past all consideration ; even if any such would have stayed me. " My choice is made, I cried : " I stay !" " Then follow me," replied Allcut. I turned regretfully from the delightful smiles of the two syrens, and followed him into another room a library, where Irving was seated at a table. " He consents," said Allcut as we entered. " Let me congratulate you upon your deter- mination," replied Irving, rising and addressing me. " Will you explain the nature of the services we require from Mr. Vallance ?" said Allcut as we seated ourselves. "You must know," began Irving, who remained standing, " that for years my friend and I have devoted ourselves to the solution of the greatest problem that can occupy the human understand- ing. Need I say that it is the origin of life? Some- times we have held the secret apparently in view, but it has ever eluded us and we are still toiling steadily on hoping for the dawning of light. Some of our greatest scientific truths have been learnt by the aid of vivisection. Audas perhaps you know-in plants, and the lowest order of apparently inanimate things, a motive power of life has been proved to exist. Could we assimi- late these particles of protoplasm with the microscopic germs of existence contained in the blood, and distributed throughout the body of living man, we should have picked the lock that has defied thousands of generations to open have established truth, great, unassailable, Truth, upon an everlasting foundation ; have shattered at one blow the creeds and superstitions that have enslaved men since the beginning ; have elevated ourselves, and you with us, into im- mortality. You, the heroic victim. We, the pure philosophers who look indifferently upon pain and suffering when they lead to light. We offer you five years of uninterrupted worldly enjoyment. We offer you every pleasure that humanity values or that money can command. And in return we ask your life. At the expiration of the rostrum, on a specified date, we require that you place your living body at our disposal. If again driven forth into the streets, you will probably die before five years have And if I agree," I asked, " what death do you purpose that I shall die when my day of forfeit comes ?" " I have said before-and I in no way wish or seek to hide our purpose from you-that vivisection has lent marvellous aids to science. That is the process we intend to employ upon you." " How long will this process last ? I mean how long will you take killing me ? ' " We cannot say. No unnecessary pain will be inflicted ; but it would militate greatly against the success and accuracy of our observations were we to deaden your sense of pain with narcotics during the progress of our operations. What we require is a human body of fine physical organism, mentally cultivated, and in the prime of life. In fact a good type of the highest form of life. During the intermittent periods of tranquil observations that may occur whilst the experiments are in force, you will be supplied with every stimulating nourishment known to science, and be carefully tended." " Then I may be days dying ?" " Certainly you will be. The minute micro scopes observations that we intend to make upon the action of the internal organs of generation during life will occupy a day or two. We must not trust to induction for gaining our final knowledge ; every step must be proved with undoubted accuracy before the next is taken. The crowning secret that will repay all our long labors we hope to learn during your expiring moments. And the hour of your death will be the date of the birth of true physiology. I have stated the case without going into scientific particulars, which would not enlighten you any more, as doubtless you have not studied the subject. We await your answer." I was staggered. Away from the unreal atmosphere of the room I had just quitted, find here, before the grave unbending men, the proposition assumed a far more serious hue. " I need not say," put in Allcut as I pondered, " that if posthumous fame is dear to you it will be yours. And what fame will equal that awaiting us-the three discoverers of the source of human existence, the foundation of life ?" I thought and thought. Many men endured quite as much pain as I probably should have to suffer, and bore it unflinchingly. Again, I might die before the allotted time expired. I turned the proposal over and over in my mind, and consented. " Now," said Allcut, "this is the understand- ing between us : If before the expiration of the five years you attempt to escape from us, or to commit suicide, and fail, we are at liberty to at once put our experiment in force. This is the penalty you must agree to pay for any effort to evade your obligations. For the rest, you will receive £15,000 to £20,000 yearly income during the specified term, and this house is at your disposal, with the exception of the laboratories. I will write out a simple memorandum of our agreement, which we will all three signa more matter of form, as we could not of course enforce it legally." He wrote ; they both signed ; I added my signature, and sold myself for £15,000 a year for five years. "Now may I ask," I said, "how it is that, having all this power and wealth at your disposal, you do not procure by force the subject for your experiment, instead of paying such an exorbitant sum for it ?" " It would be murder, which is totally repugnant to our feelings, although you may not believe me when I say so." " On the other hand, remarked Irving, " if we tempted some dying patient from the hospi- tal to sell to na his few remaining hours of existence it would not aid us much. We want as I think I told you-a type, an average type that is, of the highest form of human life. You are so physically ; we can see that at a glance. And that you are up to the mental average we discovered during dinner." " What prevents me from applying to the police for protection when the time draws near to " It would be to our advantage if you did, as your life would be forfeited at once by the terms of the bond you have signed. No power you could marshal against us could save you. You would go to a police-magistrate with this tale ; be laughed at, or arrested on suspicion of being a lunatic at large, and would be back in our power very shortly. Try it I" " One more question The vision of my possible death that you showed me just now was it effected by natural means ?" " Of course ; what other means are there A mere mechanical illusion, produced with the assistance of some new discoveries in photography. You did not think, whilst posturing before your glass, that your likeness was being taken. Now shall we rejoin the ladies ?" We did so and in half-an-hour I had quite forgotten my strange agreement. [to be continued.] 