NEW YEAR'S EVE. The principal streets of the city were occu pied by largo crowds on New Year's Ere. Rundle-street particularly put on its Saturday night's face as far as the passenger traffic was concerned, v ery few shops, however, were opened, with the exception of those ef tbe batchers, tobacconists, fruiterers, and of a few of the drapers and general furnishers. Until the moon had risen to a sufficient height to illumine the street the denbe masses of moving humanity wore a somewhat sombre aspect, except here and there where a brilliant patch of light was projected on to the pavement from some hotel or shop. Id Rundle street the York Hotel lights, and in Hindley itreet the lights of Mr. Hantou, fruiterer, were the most noticeable. A very peculiar same ness was to be observed in all the butchers' shops. Their decorations in greenery and ornamental scrolls were seen in dl their pristine vigour, but where were the huge rounds of b«ef which last week graced the shop boards ? Where were the plump turkeys, gaunt geese, dainty docks, and other specimens of poultry which but last week so feelingly appealed to every Christmas keeper's pocket? They had vanished. Tne flaring gas-jets only shone upon bare boards and empty meat-books, save here and there where a despised shin of beef or a discarded string of sausages dangled despondently as if they felt that their mission in the world was still un accomplished. The various places of amuse ment were not well filled, people following the custom of New Year's Eve long since established in Adelaide of promenading the streets with a determination worthy of a better canse. Tbe bells were tolled at various intervals of the evening, bat inconsistently with the popular idea of the proprieties the chimes were rang long before midnight, until which period tbe orthodox would only desire to hear them toll. Watch- night services were held at Christ Cbnrcb, North Adelaide, at tbe Kent Town Wesleyan Church, and at other sacred edifices. As tbe night wore on the crowds decreased slightly, but became more demonstrative, many groups of persons who had evidently been keeping up the New Year in a manner that is as ludicrous as it is well established every now and then bursting forth spontaneous]? into cheering without any visible cause what ever except their own abnormal ex citement. The Military Band, under tbe conduct of Mr. Ought on, promenaded the principal streets playing popular airs. They assembled at 9 p.m. aud first marched to Govern ment House, in front of which they played the National Anthem. His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois came out and briefly addressed the Band, happily touching upon tbe festive season, and concluding by wishing every one present 'A Happy New Year.' Three cheers were given for Her Majexty, His Excellency, and for Lady Jervois. The Band then serenaded Colonel Downes, His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.), and Major Godwin. It had been their intention to play in front of the houses oE several other distinguished citizens, bat want of time prevented this being done. The Baud marched, playing the while popular airs, to the Town Hall, in front of which build iDg they arrived when the old year was within ten minutes of giving np the ghost. A large crowd followed them, and when a halt was made the street in front of the Town Hall wa» thronged with spectators. An undercurrent oE joviality waB pre-eminently noticeable, and soon manifested itself in cheers, 'which were given for anythingand fornothing. AsthePost-Ofiiceclock struck the knellofthepartingycartheBand struck up the National Anthem, completely drowning the sound of the twelve expiring gasps of the year 1879. After this ' Auld Lang Syne' and the ' Song of Australia' were played, tbo crowd vociferously cheering, and one or two slightly elevated individuals dancing a reel meanwhile. After this the Band disbanded, but it was a con siderable tinfe before the streets were reduced to their normal quietness. At about 1 o'clock in the morning tho East End Market became a scene of activity. Carts began to collect, and many late revellers became an addition to the early market-callers. Business was brisk, and the scene until daylight was an animated one. 