LOCAL A.PTQ#IAIRAL NEWS. To-pw wrow beipg tbe twenty41rrtasniveorsry of the sepiration of this colony from New South Wales, will, as unapl, b ob?sried as, public holiday. There are Byeli0 mae y, mpan o ,amusement providad ae on ".1 theit .aliday-ato Prince if:Wle'p Birtbday ,'t>.t!t l0thl4er ar ?, euaiI t to.eopbleoon. twnpiople ,..,pWA' . llM91o nt Ut.day. ,.,The Oddfelloe' pionic .. t?.~~~i'ootin will, P ooo.d t,. take. great many away, and tQn e4 appnal lt'reat of the Wesleyan ~~Bufldu.ch~'(i~i a.0i t to attract, besidei.the . le, a large number of their parents and friends. The .Wet End Vribkef Olob'sesd a?team to Brishane aod hootertoeFarnliao and'li the evening there will be .ald) biibdl h?ad litkMry'etdrtaiir,6 it in St. Patrick's Hall, Darling- etreet. . ri nt *a itlhepwd 414?dd ''iae i odfbitble ii{tri he "crokbi i6 'that hburne hece h6b t llr 'returns." We refer to Mr. Ohares Smith, esw-iwl rprifier, ' "dWiVeliode whote hlkth fbo plae 't ~on a?iyter afnontast. "Th'e dehieade Bl'oraie l i6 la few. days, '..oi)ai's *'? lerp-W''k pw' 'hf bi jrotlrtiofbht'he newe Sbidehint' oiem hi rends'rery hetpet wsly. Mr.fiBith 'aritde inthBa'lat i a eele'hloen f"vgo; ' Hei rt'eid f ? ij O?hboik eptatin ;'whrO h be "weinbylabel y'Wdiienr jnt"ia dd beling thete' e. -'ensred tebb mIoybf 60 Meiani. 'Gil eind Hlaoter, , A'gl6ele pa t*ot*ll i4nld%ýti blinmi alt the time in the Buin'Pt iht.'"'fti'tte''lpse'ofodine dllghet'mbhtbi5"hi ie tirlsifsb' lhiit'tilll, ;nd'had it d ram WdAl'biShdOelAbearWkbel"oonf ?a succeeded well with his newt entgre, aqd was ensolea a few years afterwarde t. be a laroer and better mill at MWdittlgf ithbdrtb kid mill was esbsequently taken. SThese, unfortclptelypepapnop»m the ?g were destroyed by fire, but incia thee Asewpremises have been erected s p rdae yhiey groeuredn pnd pt .the time of the .'r r'A dsti .e '.mUillpsr aiq a .pull ekng. pesLT01,spfe eSol fntliy four-two soeas ,rlawm thi "eitoZ.l His-famUily, ' wow_ r ore grown ujp, anuiDfor.-pme-ttmp.putbis 10J9ti d 1g L .tL. Smith4hab acteed is msaager vlvl.lIier'a the mnlL_,The funeral of the deceased ^'^y&'Wry'i'tiHB~yrt*!1'. Blgln°d-t-took S'lftoee it Ile grsre ,bieg read by" the Bev. W.' Wetern, Ohurch of England minister. '~ eLoyaIl. ole o?eBelQo lsBdd L ge,. PU L.O.Q., Vye seehlel at eome espoese -the eerioes of' the 'Ufllon Bram Band, of Brisbane, for the excursion to WFii n-ToiT'n to'mtrroi. -The committee have a to en 'li'i 'tep in order that thpre might be ho 1dlaTppointae?mibciot''l td'l iordintiti- bl the absence of the e?ntoftlb music. The excur sion promises to b'a st6 t is, and tickets have been o gmol osff ft..l The fct that plenty of gobd' musicu I al sWe t proridid, togetr hpr'ikb the extellent'pro I) gmeatm sPfplwýl which is tolbiearHed oht. and the 0 er'- lanat raqr trip, should attract a large umber I) eofiton Ito il?at Junction on' the-ooceaeidd, atd no I, doab, eboldithe weather b fatodrableo, he Bttler. t0 i epart jith full'eompldelebt orpleasirb-seekebr. oU O% tr atebidedt bihpened do' M6Iidy o ienlpDo'lst 0 to e1 je i fk ttler oin ed Caur?lled. HeW1 wi riding SII wsltalsaldhtg thi?GlamortiVga'l e rba d fibea?the -0 Sa Plddoc r *heihi hbore ihied at ason object, ' ilI Bbr6tilt hbia in'antact with a tree. bA be was 41 ?tIlb it a'sdirt pai he struck the tree hith con It sieblll vilolebice aon fell freomhte saddle. "A man 0 tived Biriett'hld be&n; riding in company iibt him, o0 te1 idl'atithetime o6 the accident about 1ib yards 0 bifud ims6t; lt byTthe timi ha?bgt up tb Klie life seemed to be extinct, aodimly a little twitching of the mneales of the faeii4raO otibed; The depeased must bare bweriti4e bllyte?ised."'" Tho bh'oieldr and head lt had evideatly roeeivedithe ful forde of the oollision. o0 be shitmlerlog the former was torn, and bleod was 0 fsawing spillyfrom the nose, ear; and mouth. There o we plsotawound oa1he temple. The decised, we o0 hr,, had. lame drinokit a hotel on the way home, 0 thtugh thetpublioaanjtatee that he left the place U sas?er, Shal sattern:was reporled to the ipolice, o aSl OomtablesXoox'tat once started out,'arriving O where dte 6Ao0 lay blput half.jast 1 o'clook in the (I nternlai, ]eeteed'r.friends, who were waiting with o aiwaggea, thee remea·d the body. glier wai about 0 itttyyen of age, andieid to have been a respeotable, 0 h ord-.okinig man. ieb leaves a wife and fatnily of six oildren. His farm is sitated about a mile and a ie nt "iq,' . blieve a magisterial ioquiry will be thld to y into th circumslances attonding,hi».dept, , .,I i' " I", a0 ~ Uppedr Bi ban~Blýrer team who are to meet the second eleveut~.loth~~. End Cricket Club at Jeoinle tomqo, wj)lbe. .lected from.thp lollow ito! t Byl. , Rw';tt.h '.amH ole, 0O.rWjobwiaao G. Boyle,'S OsAry,' 'O Fiftot, E. Smith, IB. Sel S. 9ejp A.4LLpeno, A. Thampson, B. Thompson, B Vernor. - L ,l " Mfh' BltekIll matialet istfil tippronaeidg i'bihtle. .tliona hfl?e o sotratore-Mr-O.1 A., Millir--hbped-to ebne- bdiehedby Separation Da,' batlai ben,'h, .bkl4eti)do,. 'ou.-tlill, Howere only'requhire 'a'-e few days' work now. The column is of thelaItl[t et madt1e tatoalbelgnt iwillwter82Ft. iar 1 Tbbleo' _ tM(? ia*Ar BIUIluled- ,alpth- Mr.!jtraoy-Lat'wibr upon the capital-that is, the opper'?part f'the otitilial& ~tm?itttVdieor er the shaft and atridbr the entablature. Thie-is-aork of great nicety, and kTii nbilolapti#htftRie.othdl n*:iU Jeieutobilo.' lieD .il, pt,.f .Itpee ,nc;pinb?eth .scu4ltoatrl begseged is of consderable sine, and the style of the capital i't'aotof any of the ke orders of elesasira ereii aetare, -ba is that knee ,a "The Temple of'itbe Winds," the design haring been taken by *?elptoer feromtemplo of-thnat'ime t Athlens-not .? 11t modeSA Atdeas. The lower tier of ornamental workji, t«?le0Math?l tbentioomeaesthe watrltdaf; and finally the egg and tongue.' :When this piece is in' position, the ioaeuet?c-a?quat table-like piece of stqae peFFroing ,the capital-comes, and on (the top Iofla bisga small cylindricil block oonstituting' 4 thte fnia I,,nd~sking the place osn un o o statue.. I, f a rk BeeMeu to have been 'vry faithfully per. ,o me?d i . Millr h'as had two able workmen Mi . Jwett,'and Eeston-at. work thrqughout. W ienoi.hed ibe fountain will tie a monumeqt of the ostjor 0skill and" orkmanlbip as well ea a' o cl ol r jate lat?ented Goyernor. o . wald volepteerfdte and Christmat carniral will quite p~l?e,,urildr the auspiees of the Queensland Rifle OIAoe?tio" , at.owen Park, Brisbane, on Monday, the ,27h igatt, which will be observed as Boxing Day.i (M rylit and ethletic porte, dancing, sad other amuseo. Imqtst nrillbefa'Jll suiing on the oecasion. Military aie pds willdisonrse mnulic both before and after dark,' ,anp e rapd ilnmina?ion is to take place in the even-: aing. Vilqpteu.in uniform, whointend to take part: 1inbethe ?dfnwidhire understand, bepossed free by rail (way. At is anticipated that the crnival will attract a Jlage apmber pfisitors from all .arts of thecoolony. receired a few days ego'conetaing an apeopnt pa A ettbrelbh 'Iletedy wlich lhpitO'q a'qt Jpiidbh, i lotn *elipi 6o tle'WiltbonBifvr, pant, if. we remember ariaht, tb'h th1 ieedh'bomob'aa'odirthif'ldir Thonmpi n. "The 'slagktav tetirkd'thebtore of Mi.J;'h'Lboiergsq dtiring its Lbddn!be'ad kilTe b h"lie' e'd .errasntgirl- cUtting them literally t6 peiede " n'llHr tit however, swaueft uabatmed. iThe'attackwaeannoetdaringne, -eB the;politesasmpr'wa only about a.' easter of a smile -Jitaot.,,' Mre..ihbnergh wab quite a?ydang awomitn2 only abdactie?anty ythrt 'of age-and 'tlid 'tired 'at Condamine for mary yeara with'Mr.'Wallaee's fasiily, i~twhosp'sbb woas en intimate anhd particulr friend. Bhe wee then a Miss Margaret Oolemanl but aftdr maerryiig~6td rgann, o, Iinas also a well-knorwn resi debtefOoadamine;?heleft with him about twoyears ego for BRokhsmpton, and thence they made itheir way to Jundab, where Lonergan ojened a'store, and where, ;.iwe have said, theierael.mnrdera wie'eommitted. 4Aaeetiog oA ,tl9 I.wichitrasoh of.tfee Licensed Vihlbtlbre' AseociationjieW.Jip?l on Tueeday reening lpast at the Vol~q~ter..rmi Hotel.. There ws Cagspd . h. .appoit branch secretary,, . Arearc.. A dclegoa .was sloe an;lrpec)'al. ener 4 [etipg of the eose tns toI b'.be d' iatbe, olpiaeU., Brisbane, po the followin.a '(yetrday) eening. Tl;is wB. 4he t'rintphl'li.ttcinBt f 'iheb)'c' Cbe' ia'eiliiig'%d been .alor'ari dr t th ithtdlausion'ad rb?'bf'th'ikae erts accorded to the ''liainan,'apd ahlb';oo' 'Mr. Joll 'M'Grhtb i'nBtlartn !ilt a .screr pro. i.'and lfoilkather ertriicedt coinec rin with e formaution of the branch. The bhAib 'sedretalir olbheb to brihg 'tidedt'thb cbtice 'of 'dcostj y ublioani'jbe idvatltage it will be to jIem to bpcops me mbeta of tlie e?oiety, for it . eifa ipa alithey' who are affected by the illl dl talWaY'TTi'iar, to put down which is one of the chief objects of the association. ' ' A oonceOemon has beesI"griited by the 'Commia. s:toDer for Railwafe to cliildren 'attendinrg school uat a dtiiltiieTerbo theirhome». Thoae of them who de ,IelstoWilt their'frinds mpy trarel by rail home and .aekt the bordinary exirsionz rates---ingle fares for ' bloAr~ "tSed eoer'o, "'' : .0 h~e" a' ':." "~ "~·."· '·· A meeting of tbe committee of the Ipswich aend West Moroton gricultural and Horticultural SucietoLy wabs held at the School of Arts yesterday afternoon. Present: Mr. J. Scott (chairman), Dr. Mackintosh, Messrs. W. Vowles, B. Gill, T. Shepherd, W. A. Smith, W. Tatham, and A. J. Stephenson. The secretary reported receipt of a oheque from the VolonialSearetary's department for £19 9a. as subsidy o .aubeariptiona receirved. He also announced that a numbe?r of coops had been prepared for fowls. Messrs. Vowlsa, Bostock, and Smith were appointed as reeiy. ing committee, and Mesrs. RIensom, Kendall, and 8tepheson as deooraeting dommittee. It weeas resolved to ask S'ir Arthur Kennedy to open the annual show at 2 o'clock on Thursday afternoon next, and also t invite his Eueellenoy and the judges to luncheon at 1 o'clock. After the transaction of some routine buel nae, the meeting adjourned. In connection with the show, we have been requested to state that all exhibits must' he in before 9 o'clock on the morning of the day on which it is to be held, or a fine will be enforced. Thosei of our. readers who take an interest in agri enitural matters may see, by referring to our advertis ing columns, that ploughing matches are to be held at Moma on Wednesday next, the 15th instant. Some very liberal prizes are offered. Weo presume that the usual concession to intending competitors will be granted by the railway authoritie-vin., the carriage tree of 'ploughmon and teams to and from R?oma. We trust to see some of oar West Moreron plough. man competing. The breakingaup of the Central Ipswich School will take place to- day, the attendant ceremonies commeno oing at about i1 o'clock. As usual the affair will be 'made ha interesting as possible, a pleasant little enter. tainment 'and a distribution of prizes preceding the formal disiiseal of the pupils for the Christmas vaca. tion. The various State Schools in the town and dis. trier also break up today, owing to Friday being a holidy; but we have not heard whether, with the exe'ption of the one above alluded to, the occasion ilI be marked by any special event. 'The anniversary of the Gatton Congregational Ohurobh 'will be celebrated by the holding of special aservices on Sunday next, the 12th instant-afternoon 'and evening-by the Rer. Mr. Dixon, of Rosewood, and by the nsnal teameeting on the following Tuesday, at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. . We were reminded on Tuesday, by the receipt from Mr. IL W. tansom, of Lerenshulme, of some very fine peaches of the Early Newington kind, that the fruit season had come round once more. The largest of the sample sentus measured about 7in. in dire.?. france. They were cherryrips, ot excellent flavour, and most-luscious, and could aeoarcely, we think, be 'urpasaed. The fruitfly hoe, however, attacked the early peshoes this year with most disastrous conse uences, and those in Mr. Ranseom's orchard havre not, unfortunately, escaped. Our nurserymen shbould 40t themselves to disoorer something that would saver this favourite fruit from the attacks'fj its winged euemy. ' T'he'provisional committee of the Ipswich Musical BSociety 'met yesterday afternoon, and arranged to earevesa the town for anbeseribers and practising mem bhrs on Monday next. They 'hill divide the ten .tsonget them, two going through each of the three wards into which the mun!icipality is divided. We hope they will be aoecessful in their efforts, and, judging from the tone of the meeting held a week ago, we think they will meet with a fair amount of euccess. We have been shown the ocfcial reports in reference toltbe trielginen o a sample of coal from the newly. oppnes mine of the Everton Coal Company. The trial was made during a trip between Ipswich and ioowosombs. , The reports are highly satisfactory, and . tend to bahqw thatthe coal from the new mine is of excellent quality. It comparea very favourably with the bept .teseiption of the "black diamond" yet die. covercd in thiteilitrLt. The Locomotive Superinten. fsedt, in'his' rb t ori tttes that on the whole he os. siders'lth"'?eOl' es'inm'oal a'and the driver of the bokink'i~~'wish the coal 'was tested says, in the eport furnished by him-" We found po dieuleyt in 'eetlsi ;'fulipresaaisre of steam the whole distance up nd down." This most be regarded by the Everton Jompaqy as a very favourable introduction to the u-blioe"da augers wnll for their future suooeas., Shbe' Goolmas Dinisional Board held its usual meeting on Saturday last.. All the members, with the exception ot' M..' Pidkard, were present. After the odioT'b sbusioles sf 'onfrming the minutes of tbhe laest meeting and reading the inward and outward correspondence, Mr, Alord moved, and Mr. Bowman secopded, that, his application fot the closure of certain road? lay on the table, until, the next meeting of the Bid. .Thbe''mdtion was carried. It was then pro. 6sedb Mr. Hall, ana seconded by Mr. Bowmen, nt n'drarbeti~nient be inserted in the Queensland 'mis~ and his the Austrautisc?e Zeitung giving notieo to il' ers'eo'ns to ipt down ahd destroy all Bathurst burr on theirs properficed aid on all roads adjoining them ; anv person neglectitg to do so to be prosecuted. tints motibon as aelso carried. The tenders (eight in iauhibtcr) or clerk were- opened as follows :-E. S. Marshall, £78; l.. Finter, £80 ; T.. Abell, £68 A. Sagar, £90 t T. H. 'Brawlings, £70; J. Adams, £70 ; M. J. Deane, £80; J. Colline, £200. A lengthy dis 'aiiesin toik place on these, and ended by Mr. Engels roing, and Mr..Taylor seconding, that the tender o aMr. 'Ewslings be accepted. This motion was "a?i.ed' 'n the casting-vote of the aboirman. The report of the Finance Committbe was read, and, on the pmotipp of. Mr. Alford, seconded by Mr. Engels, its adoption was carried. Mr. Tayloer proposed, and Mr. Alford seconded, that the chairman apply to the 'rensury, for the sum' of £500, which was carried. Mr. lford then, maoted, snd.lr. Engels seconded, t~qt'in the eveqte f the application being received the olbairman bhare. power to put the gang to work where they.leqft p.- ff. T.eaterday afternoon,' during the thundersteorm which paessed over the town shortly after 5 o'cloek, some of the men in tihe main macbinery shop at the railway works, North Ipswich, narrowly escaped being struck by lightning.. The electrio 8uid entered the hbuildine apparently by the door, and after trarersing some of the heavy machinery and playing dangerously near the workmen, made its exit through the window. IIo oneswas injured, nor was any of the machinery damaged, but the men were considerably startled, and somiewhat afflected by the unwelcome intrusion. The date of fhe qntertainment in aid of the Hospital funsto be given by the West End Oricket Olub and other, friende, has been fixed for Tuesday, the 21st instant. "The Lion.sleyer," which was so successfully given on a former opcasion, and "Slasher and Crasher" wifll be prouduced. The full programme will shortly appear. The 'Primitive Methodist parsonage in this town, for, the erection of wlhich -Mr. J,. Stewart's tender was 'e~opted, a short time ago, has just been completed, and the.minister-the Rev. W. Powell--and his family ,Becupied it for 'the first time yesterday. It is a neat and roomy wobden structure, occupying very nearly a 40ft. esquare, and containe aeren rooms inclusive of h.'throom and atudy. The timbers used are pine and hardwodod-the former for the flooring, lining, ceiling, alls, and part of the roof, and the latter for those parts requiring greater strength. A little, though very Itle, of the material of the old house was used. The verandab, which extends all round thebo build. jag j floored with hardwood, end the roof is olso overred with hardwood shingles. The interior of the rooms, as well as the outer walls, are painted, and altogether the parsonage looks a very comfortable resi dence. There is eleo a two roomed kitchen at the baeck, detached from the main building, but with a 'overed way 'leading to it. Mr. Shenton was the arehiteet ander whosesupervision the work has been orried out, and tihe builder, as we have said, was Mr. JT. Stewart, who Ihas given overy satisfaoction. The emount of his tender, together with other expenses io cihnection with the building will bring the total cost up to about t200. Towards this a very fair sum lieas alreidy been bbtained, as the building committee have beerd *aoabvaineog, and are still doing so with very on 'obrrigick resu'ts. Tbe following is the report of the Woogseroo Ayslum (or the week ending on the 5hinstant:--In the house at last report, 280 males 218 females; since admitted, 2 .mtales 3 females; discharged, I male 2 females; died, on November 29, Bastian Zilhn, of disease of the brain; on December 2, George l'eake, of dysentery .nd one female of epilepsy ; remaiining, 270 males 218 females, end 50 males in Ipswich Asylum; total, 547\. Tile medical superintendent desires to acknow ledge, witlt tlhanks, the receipt of some flowers and a quantily of peaclhes from lirs. Faulkner, Ipswich, for the patients at Sandy Gallop. Mr. William Pense, who was dreadfully injured by thle natives of one of the islands of tbhe Solomon group during the attack on the stenmer Ripple, on the 8th of Auguat last, has left the Brisbano Hospital in a fair way towards recovery.. He was tomahawked in a I frightful minuer by the islanders, had ore arm broken ia two placesn.and both hands muoch mangled. With reference to the volunteer enoeampment ast Warwick. which will conimmenco to.morrow, the Eo aminer of yesterday says:--The arrangements are' now nearly all completed, and everything that will tend to the comfort of the men has been done. Capt. M'Callum is now in Warwick; he bas approved of the Queen's Park as a site for the camp, and has marked out the spot for the pitcbing of the tent. These will arrive by train, if some are not already to hand, and the process of erecting will be gone on with to-day and to.morrow. By the afternoon's train to-morrow the first contingent of military men will srrire• others will follow, by special train from Brie. bane during the nicht, and on Friday fresa additious will be made. We do not know the enact number that will be here, but it is expected that a good muster will take place. A canteen, under the manage. ment of Mr. Peter M'Gree will be erected at the camp, who will have such a supply of " medical" comforts as will meet all demands. At the butts, too, additional arrangements for getting through the firing have been made, and an extra target will be erected in order that two ranges can be fired at one time. A special cablegram in the Telegrapastates :-Roes is so satisfied with his race with Trickett that he has now challenoged Leycock. In consequence of the latter'a engagement with Hanlan on January 17, a match cannot be arranged to take place beforo that race has been decided, but Laycock will probably accept for a date in February next. A Crown lands sale will take place at the Land Of]ice, Ipawich, on Thursday, the 23rd instant, when a number of town allotments in the parish of Ipswich and one in Crow's Nest, several suburban lots in the pariah of Goodna, and two country lota in the parish of Brassall will be submitted to public competition. A telegram from Melbourne in Tuesday eveninc's Telegraph says :-Mr. Robert Cornish and Mrs.Inglia, residing at Toorak, and moving in the beat social cireles, were charged at the City Police Court, to.day, with smuggling a eealskin jacket from the steimer Cotopari, by which vessel Mr. Cornish waoe a passon. ger from England. The Bench found that there was no intention on the part of Mrs. Inglia to defraud the Customs, and the case against her was dismissed. In regard to the charge against Mr. Cornish, the Bench were divided and were unable to come to any decision. The TotrMonavile Herald of the 4th instant contains Slong account of the ceremonies attending the pro. feeaion of a novice and the reception of three postu. lants in eonnection with the religious community known as the Bisters of Mercy. The ceremonies were conducted by his lordship Bishop O'Qaian. Respecting them our contemporary says:-On Thur. day morning the nuns formed in procession and .marched up the centre of the church, headed by Sister Mary Rose, carrying the crucifix. The hymn ' Veni Creator" was sung during the progress of the proeeasion, and on the arrival of the Bishop be blessed the black veil placed on the head of the novice, in. steand of the white one worn by her during her nowritiate. The ring to be worn by her was alaso blessed, after which theBishop impressively rexplained the nature of the duties and vocation she hbad under taken. He finally told her that site was free to relinquish her present purpose if bshe felt so ineljped. After prayer the Bishop, soeated at the altar, wla?g his mitre, and holding the crorier in his left habd, thus addressed the novice: "My child, what do you demand P" to which habe replied," My lord, I most humbly beg to be received to the holy profession." His lordship then asked her : " Do you consider jourself aufilciently instracted in what regards the veows of religion and the rules and constitution of this institute; and do you know the obligations you con. mtract by the holy professi;on P" She replied, " Yee, my lord, with the grace of God." Ilis lordship then invoked God to grant her perseverance in her holy resolution, after which he celebrated the solemn Mass of the Holy Ghost. After some other ceremonies ssual on sucb occasions, bshe approached the altar and knelt down, when the Bishop placed the black veil on her head and the ring on her finger, asd aftereards blessed her. The ring is an emblem of the nn'ns fidelity to her religious vows, in the same wav as an ordinary wedding.ring is emblemati, of conjugal fidelity. A psalm basing been chanted, tbhe newly.professed sister returned to her place, and at the last ferse knelt down, and at its close prostrated Iherself on her face, in whieb position shs remained while the "To Deum" was sung and prayero reeited for her.. At the concalion of the prayers the Bisbop sprinkle iths neily- prolessaed with holy water, .hen she rose'abd knell at the feet of the superiores, who raised andsemra??a? her. -She thea kissed the .hole of the sisters, and took her placeamongst them. The 18nd Peali, " Beholdihoow Geo&,' was being ehanted during this portion of the ceremony, and when it ins filidied the proeesion waes re-forred, and proceeded from the church to the convent in theisateo order as before. This concluded the ceremony. The religious name of the new sister is Sister Ida. At the ceremony on Thursday afternoon there were three postulants for reception. The young ladies were Miss Agnos Brady, Miss Mary Agnes M'Donnell, and liss Agnes Bridgeman. The procession entered the chuleh in the some way as at the preceding ceremony, the three postulants being dressed as brides, end looking radiant. The proceedings were much similar to those recorded above. After an address' by his lordlhip, Miss Brady was conducted to the altar and inter rogated by him as follows :-" My child, what do you demand P?"-" The mercy of God, and the h)ly habit of religion." " Is it with your own free will you de maud the holy habit of religion "'-" Yes, my lord." Then addressing the euperioreso, his lordship said : " Reverend Mother, have you made the neceassry inquiries, aid are you satisfied ?" The superisress replied, " Yes, my lord." Again addreesing the novice, he said, " My child, hare you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life; and do you hopo to baeo sufliient strengtlh to carry con. stantly.lthe went yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ, solely for the love and fear ofdod ?" She replied " Relying on the mercy of God, I hope to be able to do so." Miss M'Donnell and Bliss Bridgeman were similarly questioned, and returned similar answers. They all then retired to one of the veatries, and in a short time returned to the church clothed in the garb of re ligion, having discarded their bridal costumes. They then each received the "cinclare," emblematic of mortification, the white veil of purity, and the Church cloak of devotion, which were adjusted by the superioress. A chant followed, at the lust verso of vbihc they prostrated thomselves, and remained while the choir sang the hymn " Veni Croator," and also during the recital o' some psalms and prayers, at the conclusion of which, the Bishop having sprinkled holy water over them, they rose and knelt to the superiores. The reverend mother embraced them sucoaessiely, and they having kissed each of the sisters, took their places in the ranks of the sister hood. The Psalm "Behold, how Good" was then sung, and the procession returned to the content. Miss Brady's religious name is Sister Mary Furza, liss M'Donnell'e religious name is Sister Mary Virgilius, and Miss Bridgeman's religious name is Sister Mary Mochons. We learn from Tuesday's Tooloomba Chronicle that Bishop Hole has made a most munificent offer in connection- with the local branch of the General Church Fund. The fund has an overdrawn account of -£1400, and the Bishop is most anxious that this should be paid off. He accordingly offers to .pay £700 out of his private resources if seven gentlemen will eubscribe each £100, or fourteen £50 each. Mr. Adams, the gentllean appointed by the Diooesan Council to collect funds to liquidate the overdraft, is now in this district, and we sincerely hope that among the wealthy etation.holders on the Downs he may find a suficient number willing to raise the amount necessary to secure Bishop Hile's most generous offer. The Courier states that the walls of the old Supreme Court buildings in Brisbane, nuow being do. mohlshabed, hld no foundations, having been built simply on tile surface, and adds :-Nothing in the shape of foundntion-stone, with its customary docu ments, lhas been found, those who had charge of the construcetion of the building probably never having given a thought to the interest which might attach to such records when the place should be lesvelled to the ground. We learn that it is positively asserted on the auo thority of the late Captain Stirling himself thalt the mainmast of the Atalanta had sunk 9in. from the rottenness of the ship. Tht report of the committee of inquiry is anxiously looked for, and will no doubt be closely scanned, for, while nothing is likely to be set down in nmaslice, there must on the other hand be nothing extenuseted.-United Service Gazetfe. Ott, TEt WnEETcnal-A young man residihg not a hundred miles from Ararat (esys the local paper), who soreo years ago entered the married slate, and who has tow gathered around him a number of olive branches, was duly notified a few days since that his good lady had presented him with twins. Heo immediately seized a bucket of water, rushed into his wife's bed. room, and to her horror onelaimed, "Now, then, lhave you mode up your mind whbih you are going to khep P" 