IMPROVEMENTS- IN ELECTRIC LIGHTING1. The application df the minds' »f scientific men to the practical1 u»es of the- electric light is already develbi'l'ttj a very/' powerful com petitor for the HgihnS|* of Diiblic places and thoroughfares in Erigtand, 'as the- following remarks by tho Londoii correspondent of the 6'. M. Serald will indicate :— Recent improve ments in electric lighting are ^causing renewed IjnAfmiTiPi'a* nmnnffaf fVta nn..iiii.ii .'f'alin.iio Tn'»»n companies. M. Gramme has paid us 11 visit, and iabusily engaged in modifying' his dynamo-, electric machines, 60 that thoy may. be applied tc each of the various systems now 'in ubo, the Jabloohkoff, the Werderman. the JaraiD, or the.Kapieff; 'The Jablochkbff systemhas h'ad ajthoroiifrh'triaron1 the' Thames embank'merif', between' We's'tiin'nBter and Blackfriars' bridges, where itj has' been at work for thd'p'ast eighteen months. I The engino which supplied these lights also lit Waterloo . Bridge, and the Yip tpria Station , on the ')? District ' Railway. Tn6 wires .have hitherto hung 'suspended 'from' 'amp.polst'to'lamp.pbst; but now this' un- sightly arrangement is to be dispensed with, and they will be carried along the sub-way. All , the! District Railway stations . from the Mansiqn-HouBe to Kensington are to be lit by, the aame system, and it is proposed to light thb House of Commons iu a similar wuy. This light is already to bo met with outside MeBsrs. Spiers) and Pond's restaurants, in the Opera Colonnade, and at many othor publio resorts in the pietropolis, and is found to be of the , greatest; uae in illuminating crowded crossings. These lights will burn at a mucH greater dis.,, tance from tho machine than was at first thoughtjpossiblo, five lights having been kept up over a radius i of four and a half miles. ' When it is considered that eaoh light is equal to 378 sperm candled, and the coBt of maintain ing it ia only 2'td. per hour, its advantages are . manifest. But the Jablochkoff system has a powerful rival in the Brush light, recently introduced by the Anglo-Amerioan Eleotrio Light Oompany. This system takes sixteen lights in a circuit, eaoh. with a power of 2000 caudles, At the conversazione of tho Royal Colonial Institute, at the- South Kensington : Museum, one CQnrj){O*aYj~ ttluminatadr by'olghV Sriith,! Hunts, ataTcost of threb shillings 'por'honr,' and affoMe'd a pleasing contrast to' the adjoining' ? liourts lit! with gas. It has now; been';docided to adopt tho Byatem throughout the Museum and many art galleries are likoly to ' adopt oloctrio lighting, inasmuch as it doea not, in jure paintings as gas does. This system has ? alao boen adopted at .the Liverpool-street Tor minuB of the Great Eastern Railway, at Messrs. I'eaK, J) roan, ana uo. s largo .dibciui. iaciory, ind at Messrs. Bass arid Oo.'s brewery, bo that its advocateB cannot complain of want of sup- : port. The Siemen's light ib not in muoh de mand, but it works most satisfactorily1 at tho Victoria Docks, and is very economical. The Werdorman system finds muoh favour in Franco, and the Paris Salon is lit by it ; but it is not much ; known in England, whore, - at present, tho Jabloohkoft and Brush lamps are running a very close race for popular favour. Some impotus baa been -given to electrio light ing by the recent disastrous oxplos'on in the vicinity of Tottenham Court' R,oad, where, owing to goa being let into a now main before it waB completely soldered up at . the joints, several hundred yards of roadway were blown up, houses shattered, and aevere. injuries infliotfd on many paasers by, whiht one of tho workmen was in ;antanebusly killed. This aoe'dent opened the eyes of the public to the f apt that London is built upon a subterranean volcano. Beneath, the roadway of every street numerous gaB pipes aro laid. Every now and then a leakage is made evident by the percolation of gas through the paving, whioh has then to be torn up and the defect remedied. This ia occurring daily in many parts of London, aud consider able capital is made out of the nuisanco bj tho advocatea of the electric light. It must neces sarily be many years before gaB is superseded, but tho improvements effected in the matter of elootric lighting during the past year go far to prove that tho Bbientifio labours of Mr. Edison, M. Gramme, and others will soon be produc tive of aiioh reward. The Orient line have not been slow to reoogniee progress ; tho Potosi and Chimborazo are both fitted with electric lighting apparatus in tho Boloons and engino-rooms, and the coaling of the latter ship, at St. Vincent, three weeks ago, proceeded un interruptedly through the night by the aid of a light suspended in the rigging. The AuamALiAN ELKVEN.-rllr.-.pawburn received' a 'wire' yesterday from Messrs. Boyle and Scott, in Melbouiae, in which they stato they are not in a position to' defiuif.-ly' closo engagements until the OTrival of the eleven, which will be in about a month. . . ' Bohemian,', , in Tht JFeek, whites' :— T fluid lntif. wpfilr f.tiaf. f.liA TiYnzfln Manfc Strmm Service world- be all, right, and i it has tuined oat as I said. The contract ,iato:'be finally ratified on' Tuesday next, and. then thp;trans continontal railway sohe'me, onihe syste ' of generous land grants, has to ..bo completed with the ' powerful' syndicat' .'.' of. whioh we heard so much; four months' ago— after which it does not rriutter very much who has the management of the affairs of tho oalony. They cannot possibly go very ' far off the track marked ont. What surprises me more than anything else is that Griffith and some other mcihber8~of the' Opposition shoiilil persist in refusing to look at these twin projects in the proper Ught,: and talk about the necessity for all sorts of precautions being taken against dis honest speculators swindling the colony, and that sort of rubbish. Of course the colony will be swindled, but then somebody will be benefited. As Macrossan pointed out on Tuesday night 'last, the United States of America had been victimised right and left by the railway syndicates and land ' rings,' but the country had prospered, and therefore we could' not do better than fol low in_the same traok. Baron Erlanger was a ' smart ' man of business,- and there were other smart men of business both' in Europo and out in these colonies bore, and we must expect to only cotoe''6S'aWo'ni best in bargains with them ; but .that is :np. reason, why, bargains should dot be made with theia- .: Of. course it is not!' T 'wonder who aro to.be our local Barons Erlanger, James Fisks, and smart men who .will become millionaires by these' undertaking: f It wiH be a grand.feather in the' cap of Queena tandp-the;y.oungest' of British.icqlonios— to bo able to rival the United States of America as a field ' for giguntio- speo'iilatioriB, -'railway rings, I and v all , that Bort. ','. ot ',' .' thing.' While' the. r other ,'Auatraliaiii) colonies; are. plodding , along) at; a. Bnail'8; paco;, adding to; their population and developing their industrial resources in the old humdruni 'British fashion,1 aud hnmpercd_at_every 8|ep:by3h'e^dembcratio tendencies of the' people' they^ are ' ooUeeting to gether to settleMn their midatj'. Queensland, by the aid of smart men of businos'sVlike thoBe who have' been euqh a blessing to, the United StateB, will be, saved from all disturbing influences from any such causes, and will become -tho paradise of a grand landed aristocracy /--with only a fringe of plebeian settlers, on ihe^ocstlandB—^ just sufficient to pay the taxep. But Giiffittk don't seem to see the. thing in this roseate light. How is it-likely f iHodoesnot approve of the steel rails contract, although M'llwraith, Palmer, Maerossan, and nearly every pro minent member of the. Ministerial party have declared over and over again in the House that itiwaa a perfeotly fair and legitimate transaction, and M'Eacharn has told the Hem m ant Petition Committee what a good thing it has' been for his firm. Neither does he approve of Jthe freight artflflge ment, although the Ministry land their sap porters are ready to applaud, it to the skies, as a triumph of business tact' 'and' judgment on the. part of our representatives in London. The simple fact is that the Leader of 'the Opposition' has no more ' speculation in hio eyes ' than Banquo's ghost, and ia altogether out of place in our present Legislative ABaembly. -The sooner he dries up the batter/ '.To think that he should pbjeot. 'to,. Baron .Erlanger, simply because he has successfully conduotod two or three bf the biggest financial swindles of modern times ! That, when rightly oonBidered, is bis ohief recommendation. ' It shows ho is a '* Rmurt ' nlftn nf Tinninnfln ' ' . ' Aooobdino to the story of ii man with a grievance— that rare speoimen of humanity — a box' has gone missing on ' the - Southern and Western railway, and tne owner-^themnn with tho grievance aforesaid— Wouldn't- find 'it when ho alighted .at ' his dbstinatibn-f-Toowobmba —notwithstanding that the boxhad.bfien .booked, and. paid for. Ha made inquiries at the capital of' the {Downs, without sucoeas. Then 'he thought ho had picked up the scent, and went like lightning (ordinary train) for Roma, where he- fonnd himself stillj boxless.. Telegrams flew about recklessly ; between Roma,- Dalby, Toowoomba, Warwiok, Ipswiohj'Ipswioh, War-' wick, Toowoomba, Dalby, Roma ; but in vain. Nothing of the box and its legibly addressed pink label could be heard of. Then be returned to Toowoomba, making anxious but fruitless inquiries Mong the road, and- as a last resource took a t'eket to Brisbane and rummaged the lost property office.' Just' on leaving T90 woombajhe was informed that the box was at Dalby. | Now this insatiable traveller wants a free pass to his original destination, and the Depattuiont won't give him ono, and be has probably oome to the conclusion that the whole thing ia a part of a system to increase the passenger traffio by send ing passengers all, over, the line in search of their luggage. The idea is only a good one at nrstaiglit.-. It wouldn't work in the long run, though, jbocauae there are people who would be deterred from travelling under the ciroum at»aces.f'' Town.Talk.'- ?? ,. .? t -...:. .....v'vi ....-?- ,-.'j..,- . ... ^ . 