THE TOURIST. EASY TRIPS FROM MELBOURNE. THE GIPPS LAND LAKES. I. Whether or not the railway to Gipps Land has added a new province to Victoria, it has, at any rate, opened up to the colony a new recreation-ground of great and varied interest. Gipps Land possesses the highest and largest mountain rangea, the densest and richest forests, and the most numerous and most picturesque rivers of any part of Victoria. It offers abundant attractions to the angler and to the sportsman. Owing to its posi tion so far to the south, exposed to the sea breezes from the Southern Ocean, tmd fenced off by lofty ranges of mountains from the hot winds from the north, it enjoys a mild and equable climate, delightfully tempered in the summertime. In addition to all this, it pos sesses a lake Bystemof remarkable character, offering much of beauty and interest to the tourist. The lake system of Gipps Land pre sents no points of comparison with the lakeB of any" other part of Victoria. The lakes of the Western District have, so to Bpeak, an accidental character. They are merely depressions in the surface of the country in which water is collected. They hardly seem to blend with the land scape, and have no connexion one with the other. As for the lakes of the north west, Lake Hindmarsh, Lake Tyrrell, and the rest, I suppose no one ever thought of them for a moment in. association with ideas of beaut)- or the picturesque. But the lakes of Gipps Land present a long chain of Bheets of fresh water curiously linked together, fed by large, ever-flowing rivers, and imparting, in the hottest season of the year, freshness and verdure to a large tract of country. To the tourist they offer a stretch of lake naviga tion which brings him into contact with many scenes of great beauty and diversity, and it is a journey taken through them during the holiday season which I desire now to narrate the particulars of. We left the Melbourne station by the after noon train on a blazing hot afternoon. We had never ridden on the new railway before, so that every mile of the way was fresh ground. Accustomed to travel every day on the Hawthorn line, with its beggarly shanties which serve for stations, we were much im pressed by the magnificent brick structures which have been erected in such profusion on the suburban portion of the new line. The American who desired to convey an idea of the speed of his fast trotting mare, said that when sitting behind her you went by the milestones BO quickly that they seemed to be standing close together, and made you think you were going; through a cemetery. So, rattling past these fine new stations you appeared to have a continuous line of expen sive architectural structures by the side of the line. We pass the sandy, heath-clad ground of Caulffeld, and the country is dull, and flat, and poor till you get beyond Oak leigh. It soon begins to Bhow the in fluence of the now approaching Dandenong Ranges in the more uneven nature of the surface, in the tidier trees, and in the greener hue of the grass. In Bome parts we pass fiats quite cool and fresh-looking with their bright green sward, and the verdurous belts of ti tree scrub add to the effect The high range of the Dandenongs, too, as we pass along helps the picturesque character of the prospect. The stations along here are Burrotmded with acres of firewood stacked in heaps ready for conveyance to Melbourne. We remark the pretty little hill-surrounded township of Berwick, and stop for a minute or two at the newly-opened Beaconsfield station to land one or two passengers to the BeaconBfield sana .torium, of which we just catch sight, perched on a lofty forest-clad hill a few miles from the line. The forest now changes its character, and becomes thicker, and the > gumtree is replaced by stringy- barks. The soil . is fworand sandy and the flats are covered i with coarse rashes. Houses of settlers are 'few and far apart, and poor-looking in appearance. _ , ey me time we teacb Sunyip township we are getting pretty deep in the great forest, which now extends about 20 or 25 . miles along our way. Bnnyip is the most charac teristic forest township I have ever seen. It is' primitive in the highest degree. The i whole settlement is composed ofTaark huts. It is a forest settlement in its very first , stage, and quite unsophisticated by civilisa tion. Around it lie thinly-scattered huts, ' apparently thoBe of firewood splitters, B hag gling away into the thickening forest.' The ; soilnete is moist and swampy, and so level that the broad trench cut to form the low embankment of the line is full nearly to its edge with wiater, mile after mile. " A tall; green, broad-leaved spear grass grows Chidk in'' . among the timber, and a bright green shrubby bush, with gracefully pendulous leaves, and a white blossoming shrub give beauty to the grim-looking forest. As we. pass along we see the first tree-fern, soon succeeded bymany ' others, and a low, sword- frondei femthickiy clothes the surface of the ground nnder the trees. Ahteh mountain range runB along at i our left, ana we catch sightof it at intervals between or over the tree-tops. The nexti township-that of D room-has passedits bark | stage, and is well built with new-looking i weatherboard bouses, all smartly painted, ana with galvanised corrugated ironTOofs. There'l is ft bank and a newspaper office, and to judge from the number of people gettixig but, thfe place is one of considerable life andbus'mesa, with a flourishing district around it It has1 many hotels; indeed, from the line it seems to be nearly all hotels and stores; As we get further along we remark the same charac teristic at all of these forest townBhips. I : have sever seen any country township in> which 7*tae proportion of hotels-always large-is so very large as in these. < We ex- ' plain the cirfcumstance by supposing that the lielectore liave to work very haru in tfaeir truggle with the timber. They are shut in iy a vaBt dense forest, and aee little varisty.' " (ring to these causes their livefci are wanting' .t change and colour, and thwr resortfot tostiroulating drinks is proportionately But, hOwever this exceedingly Urge; s>portion' of hotela i* caused, there they a&, Iff as theyhave insome way to live, the den tition . amongst them to secure a customer jena thirsty-looking manemergea from the rejtnmrit be verykeen. That the life* of selectors is a hard one ta evidfiatfrptnthe st glance .at the little cle "- " la^he ^asfhe result of ye^rs of worn "The 'pfclearing suoh grottbdas thisMsiu desfiaitertible one. To look lit sotdfe bf these paddoekT'which are taUfed'fend grtMrthg gtiia cropajthe timber nowthM thw ibe ^'clea^'' re&a;*^M^ms heavier ihshfoefcfri* ,tree touched. The removal of the small tree* ana undergrowth and scrub allows yon to Bee what an of limber still stands on^hebS^ forest is indeed wonderfuUy/dwL unless yon actually «aw it ' ^4 incredible that somanytreUcSffi[J*** the ground. Looking ilon? tMnf°,w way |t seems a nmvirSSb£^«?. lofty walls of dense, gloomy forest^? *° deep, shade beneath^T?^«£* flourish well and attain neat heightSfc? cnlar freshness of verdure, It io TpP® touching to see how these- select^0?1 clearihg their little patches bive Si? beauty and grace of tlie tree-tern. crops ;rather than Wmovethem. WawagoJ, again, is a bustling-Look^ township built on a small space hewn^^S the great forest. It has Bmart-lookinir and stores, and we see its buiSE*?!! projected against a background <3'T J? straight tree stems, between wh^x thefoW shade ib now rendered more rfoomyh»«!l approachofevening, as the ^eUoirtng fi^ of sunset creeps higher up the tree lhkfi? The up and down trains meet and passSS" and there is a short stay allowed forreW? menta. The platform is crowded, - ttdtiS refreshment counter is thronged. AnnnSl! of boys of the locality stand about on thoS? form, offering stems and roots of feriuinf many kmda at very cheap prices to trawUte bound for Melbourne. The soil alone w! is of a rich chocolate colour, and many m depth; and as to its fertility, thetaxS ance of this terrible and oppressive £or»I bears abundant testimony. Just after passim! Warragul you seem to be in the denBesttMirt of the foreBt The trees are not so lam as I have seen them elsewhere, nor nearly «« large, I am told, as they are to be seen on the old coaching road a few miles off. But in number and closeness I should tViir.fr ««, could hardly be surpassed. The appearand of the roads we catch sight of- narrow InnT cut between towering walls of trees, and during three-fourths of the year strips of deeD mud, along which the traveller must pM as he cannot turn aside-tells a tale as to the difficulties of communication by which all social life and intorconiM among the selectors, and all industrial pro. dnction, are impeded. Two little townships having the warlike names of Trafalgar and Waterioo, and well keeping up the proportion of hotels, are next passed, and as we run along we find tha timber gradually and steadily grow *hTnWfr The great forest, as cut through by the rul! way, extends from Bunyip to Moe, and ig such a one as is revealed by few railway ridea in any country. Before getting to Moe (which 1 may mention is to be pronounced Moe) we pass a line of dark wooded hills on theright and as we run out into opener country we get a fine but dim view of the Baw Baw Rangoon the left, standing in the gloaming like the shadowy ghost of a great mountain. As we wait at Moe Btation a passenger ifa the train puts his head out of the window «in _" Three cheers for Mr. Monro.'" I consider for a moment what the hon. member for Carlton has been doing to entitle him to any such ovation, and wonder if it is to be t»Vtn as indicating popular appreciation of the jSfc. faro me of the Third Party. Bat in a moment remember that Moe is the township at which Mr. Hector Munn>'s6 distinguished himself by his gallant resistance to the bank robbers, and here, abouta couple of hundred yards from the line, is the-little Bank of Australasia, with a gentleman, probably Hi Monro, walking up and down in toe verandah. Nobody sorely-not< even the directors of his bank-would ? grudge ICE. . Monro 'As proposed cheers, for, anless l am veiy juach misinformed, he haa never received atyotttt recognition of his couaaeoas mamoe to Ms employers and to the publia Time augrta hard and economy may be' imperative, tal l think if I " bossed " the bank most tntanated (extravagant supposition) I should not xwn« aider it very wise economy' which withheld the proper guerdon of merit in a case liks this. The experience of the lost two yean shows that banks might do wOrae tjqut reward promptitude and gallantry in their officers, and also that, according to 'the law of average, the probability is theywiHnotbe in any danger or being ruinsd hy the amount of these qualities they will be called upon to reward. However, with the old antl' veiy foolish adage," Each knows his ownfcusinees beBt," I pass on. After you leave Moe the character of As oountiy changes. The trees alter their kind; and we have now lightly-timbered land, cohered mtk gum and peppehiiint trees fchjl of the dense -forest we have lift hehtiuV^* soil, too, has fallen off ih'cKatad&, ^ fa poor and sandy, and the country is tame and uninteresting. This description appTles tfll aifter we CTOSB the LatroDe or ulengahy River, when the prospect improves, and in Kilmany-park, as we approach B≤, wemeet withinthe richly-grassed paddocks andteoM green meadows of this valuable estate SODS of the finest granng£h>b&d; I iiave'ever sben [It .waa not, how$rer, till out refcurnjonntfy ; tib&t; we had the opportunity of seeing flus. ? ' On our down jonmey the shade* of -(SJWDS settled duskily over the country mnnfi?** W quitted Moe. We. 1 and then of the light at ft ' the tram raahed wong.. A . pass a forest clearing whi was in progress, andwherp the ing woodheapa thfew a ruddy, over the ground and the spe< such place a iall«$rajght h< flames from rootto ft "antic torch, ana the lo)v shaft with a loud Column of red flame and townships of Morwi 3vmeaa»d auetiM peatof ano! iaVeb^Iooking on the kopd eyeung's Mnnaftmwpfc* Jepd.e on the point of *iew« ia^^through a three hom a -er to be considered amusement than this. There is a large W more of an n,;I lounted. and we aoonfoaod oawg^g^ tir isoi anuton at the hiuhlr-OOOlw's? I cad genuinely home-like Giro Hotel s I 