THE DRY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS. TBy Me. Phuadhlphtjs Phkn, M.D. D.C.J No. XV.—QUANTITY AND QUALITY. My readers will notice a change in the titular cutinction which is appended to my name. M is changed into S—which means in plain English, that I have been entrusted with the duty and crowned with the honour of being Secretary of the Dry-aa-Dnst Club. Tills preferment was given me by the unanimous vote of the Club, bat was accepted with a strong affectation of dissent on the part of the partner of my home. I do not for one moment believe it was real on her part, and imagine that the offended lady will secretly enjoy the envy of my hundreds of fair readers who will each and all think that such an honour might have been given to their husbands, lovers or sons. It came about quite unexpectedly. The Secretary has left town to undertake the Editorship of the Port Wattle Bay Gazette, which ro^.ii? »atendB to conduct on sound principles JY Economy. His place had to be filled "id! was elected to it, at the suggestion of iroressor Dry-as-Dnst himself, and with a unanimity that was most flattering. I venture to transcribe part of the President's remarks, as it may enable my readers to understand better nay position, and what the Olub thinks of my boldness in publishing these " papers." " Gentlemen," said he, " yon have elected at my suggestion Ur. Philadelphus Penn to be your Secretary. He is but a new member, but he has ^ already won his ' economic spurs. I admire hiB boldness in holding up before the publio the doings of our Olub. It may be that some of us have winced under the mild irony which he has infused into his reports but like Izaac Walton's angler putting the worm on the hook, 'gently as though he loved it,' he has put down naught in malice. I hope he may be the better able to use his pen for the education of the public in our favourite science, now that he has charge of our library, our do cnfnents, snd of the material which was destined for our projected Economic San. "Who knows, now that Mr. Penn is our Secretary, but that that Sun may yet rise upon the literary firmament of South Australia." I listened to this last suggestion with dubiousness. I wondered what the Editors of our dailies would say, if a modest and retiring nfember of the staff were to eclipse the Register and the Observer by such an ambitious venture. Of one thing I was certain, that no Star would twinkle if the Sun shone. .1 have taken up so much space with these personal matters that I will postpone to another time publishing my notes of the discussion; which ensued on the subject of " savings," and will, give instead a letter which was received and read on the evening of my election, which w&b; called forth by Mr. Pickup's arithmetical ghost and his population-bogie. It ran thus:— "Progress "Villa, North Adelaide, July — 1880. " My dear Mr. President—You and I are both old men, at least so I judge, for I have never seen you that I know of. I can remember the Battle of Waterloo, and that will tell you that I am not very young. I was a boy then, but I can remember ;well how hard it was for my father to get labourers to work on his farm, and how I had to do a man's work to help him. Everybody was suffering from the war. There was little money, not much work for anybody, and few workmen to do it. Wages ought to have been good but they were not so, and the reason was, as one of our Olub Papers puts it, that while there were not too many workmen there was no money to pay them. I used to think that the labour market was governed by the supply of and demand for workmen, and by nothing else, but I was mistaken. I could not make it out at that time at all. I began to read a bit. I got hold of the Rev. Mr. Malthas' book on "Population," and it frightened me at first, just as it has done Mr. Pickup. I felt there was something wrong, however, about it, for the French wars had knocked off our superfluous population with a vengeance. There was no need for your benevolent) murderer with a hollow wooden leg to play his innocent game in those days. What has struck me as I look back on those times is the very rapid way in which England recovered after that terrible war. She soon became rich, and the gaps in her population were filled UD very quickly. I attribute this to the fact that the war taught people to save. They were so reduced and trade was so hampered that they were compelled to save, and this habit of saving went with them Into the better and more peaceful times that followed. Saving is capital, and as capital increastd men found work. There were more workmen but there was more work, and what was better there was money to pay them. You are quite light in saying that it is not the supply of labour alone that governs the market —it is that and capital as well. If I go to the Saturday East-End night, Market, and which happen—as I sometimes is sometimes do on a the case—to forget to fill my puree, I cannot buy what I want. The supply of fruit may be ample, but what is the use of that if man hasa no capital in his pocket. Working men at borne won't believe this plain principle, but out here so many of them are small capitalists ttiat they are wiser than their mates in England. "I think that sometimes you economists in your wish to make your science exact, forget how great a difference there is between quality and quantity in labour. The value of a nation depends more on the quality than on the quantity of its workmen. China has more quantity than Japan, but Japan will beat her in the long run because of the progressive character of her people. I don't like to see imported into this country all the sweepings of the English labour market, but if we can only get the right quality we shall be al the better for a constant supply of immigrants. A good workman, who has not only a strong' arm, but has got a thinking brain and dexterous fingers, will command higher wages, but will not consume any mire of the nation's wfealth than his poorer brother. If he did just double the work of the other, and got just doable the pay, the country would be better off with him, than with two inferior men at half the wages, because the two would consume twice as much capital in food tcc. A good and clever workman when he gets married will do his best to improve his children, whereas a mere clodhopper Is content to think it quite good enough foe his children to be what he has always been. Quality begets quality, and quantity beget® quantity, and it is the quality of a nation that has to bear the burden of its quantity. 'When a man feels that he is bound to give his children a better and more thorough edacation than he has himself reoeived, he confers a benefit on the State by marrying.' If the quality of a people gradually Improves there is co fear of that bogie of Mr. Pickup's haunting ns, for pradenoe is one element of quality, and the prudent man will postpone marriage unless he can keep up his standard of comfort. UI am not afraid of this terrible bogie. In Australia it is quite out of place, for we have room enough and wealth enough to do with a few extra millions of people provided they do not come too quickly. The spectre in this land would feel that he would have to seek in vain for a resting-place, and would soon be off to China where he is quite at home. But our great safeguard from the hard mathematical tyranny of your theories, and from Mr. Malthas' terrible ghost, and from Mr. Pickup's dressing up of the same, and from all symptoms of national decadenoe, is in education. We must improve the quality of the people, and leave the quantity to take care of itself. " One thing I don't like about our present educational efforts. They have a tendency to manufacture farmers' sons into clerks. We must have clerks but there are too many of them. We want to train our young men aa hand-workers, not to make quilidri vers of them. The most miserable i and inefficient of mortals is a mere clerk out of [ employment. I don't wonder at working men despising bim ; but I wish they would set before their children that it is better to be a skilled workman than a poor scribe. " I hope you will excuse an old man's garrulity. I have seen so much of the world that I do not know when to stop when my pen begins to run. I read all Mr. Penn's papers, and am glad| that he .has dragged your Olub into publicity. He may publish this letter if he likes. I apeak with jsome authority, for I was the head' of a family nearly as patriarchal as that of Jacob I tried to give all a good education. 'They have' get married and have their children, and even some of my grandchildren are now fathers and mothers. , My family picture if taken and painted by Mr. Solomon, would be almost, if not quite, as crowded as that of Her Majesty in Bundle- street, Some of my descendants have turned clerks, and some have become trained workmen, but though the former may wear the cleanest clothes and. the smartest neckties I believe the others have had a far larger share' of real happiness and contentment. Please send me your cud. I should like to have an hour's gossip with - the venerable Professor Dry-as- Dust, but don't let : Mr. Penn be present to take down and' publish in the Observer and the Journal what we.may say.—Yours truly, " Sbnex Jones." " Mr. Penn," said the President," try and . find out who Fenex Jones is. I should be de- Jighted to introduce him to the Olub, and dfopote him as a men.ber thereof." £1 Fbkx Gtrre.—The Proprietors of Aromatic Bchisobam 6chnah>8, Wolfe's to induce the destruction and prevent the improper use of their wrappers and labels, and thus further protect thi Public against fraud and dectpUon, have enclosed in the wrappers, or undeg the label on the quart bottles, since 1st October, 1878, and continue to enclose ur XVZKY DA^S FAOKMO THROUGHOUT THK ma. THBEB £1 O&DEJBS;, which are drawn upon the undersigned, and which will be cashed by them on presentation. To secure these Gifts, the Public most M careful to ask for, and accept nothing but the GiNurKE Udolpeo Wom's Bchnapps, with our »«ne upon the top label. M. Moss & Co., Wynyard. lane, Bj&ntj; tfPtluc 