NEW YEAR FESTIVITIES. The festivities which attend each New Year are generally so closely connected with the closicg moments of tbe Old Year that a notice of tbe one would be incomulete unltss reference were at tne same time made to tneotner. uerore writing of the sports on New Year's D -y we Bh»ll therefore mention a word or two as to the proceedings on the night before. The principal streets were as ;igutl thronged with pedestrians, and tcVre were the customary decorations, and illuminations by means of gas ana Chinese lanterns. 'Watch uight services were held in many of the city churches. The Military Band, under the conduct of Mr. Oughton, promenaded the principal streets playing popular airs. They assembled at 9 p.m. and first marched to Govern ment House, in front of which they played the National Anthem. His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois came out and briefly addressed the Band, happily touching upon the festive season, and concluding by wishing every one present ''A Happy New Tear.' Three cheers were given for Her Majesty, His Excellency, and for Lady Jervois. The Band then serenaded Colonel Downes, His Worship the Major (Mr. B. T Smith, M.P.^), and Major Godwin. It had been their intention to play in front of tbe house* of several other distinguished citizens, but want of time prevented this being done. The Band marched, playing the while popular airs, to the Town Hall, in front of which build ing they arrived when tbe old year was within ten minutes of giving np the ghost. A large crowd followed them, and when a halt was made the street in front of the Town Hall was thronged with spectators. An undercurrent of joviality was pre-eminently noticeable, and soon manifested itself in cheers, which were given for anythingandfornothing. As the Post-Offlce clock struck the knell of tbe parting year tbeBand struck up the National Anthem, completely drowning the sound of the twelve expiring gasps of the year 1879. After this 'Auld Lang Syne' and the ' Song of Australia' were played, the crowd vociferously cheering, and one or two slightly elevated individuals dancing a reel meanwhile. After this the Band disbanded, but it was a con siderable time before the streeta were- reduced to their normal quietness. On New Year's Day the weather was delight fully fine and cool for tbe time of the year. By far the larger portion of the amusement »t eking crowds made Port Adelaide their destination, where the annual regatta afforded an excuse for going to see and be seen to those to whom tha sports themselves were but a secondary consideration. A very suc ctseful regatta was also held at Wallaroo. A few thousands who preferred sport of another description were able to gratify their liking by a visit to the races on the Old Adelaide Course. Glenelg and the Eemaphore, as usual, drew large numbers of people ; several excursion steamers plied between the Port and the Bay, and the Good Templars chartered the Adelaide, in which they steamed to Edithburgh on their annual excursion, 250 persons being on board. The omni buses, tramcars, cabs, and all sorts of vehicles which passed heavily laden through the streets showed that no insignificant portion of the population availed themselves of the oppor tunity of spending the day out in a more private fashion. During the day 25,000 persons travelled on the Port Eailway, 5,000 on the North line, and 14,000 on the Adelaide and Glenelg line. 