PETTY DEBTS COURT. I Monday, December G. I (Before the Police Magistrate aud R. B. Clav- I ton aud H. Bonarius, Esqs., J.J.K) I CTATDEFEKDED CASUS I S. Baxter v. G. G. M'Lennon— foods sold, H £10 16s. Verdict for plaintiff and wiim^s' H expenses, £2 15s. Miller and Menries v. Geo. Thorn is. — tioQila H sold, £5 Gs. Verdict for plaintiff, H D. Bankin and Co. v. W. Davis. — Goods sold, H £3 3s 3d. Verdict for plaintiff. H S ime v. Patrick Lyncti. — Goods sold, 19s 4d, H Verdict for plaintiff. H J. Walker and Cg. v. Wood and Wood. — H £13 Cs 2d. Verdict for plaintiff, Brcnnan and Gertghty v. G. Z sllar. — Goods sold, £9 9s 2d. Verdict for plaintiffs. Sime v. Patrick Nolau. — Goods sold, £2 4s nd. The Bench decided that they had no jurisdiction, and the case was struck out Same v. W. Harvey.-*-Goods sold, £0 I9g iOd. Verdict for idaintiffs iu full. M. Brcnntn v. J. R. Jeppeson. — Dishonored promissory note, £3 1 Js 3d. Verdict for plain tiff. DEFENDED CASES. A. Charteris (as Trustee of the Good Templars Hall) v. J. Purser. — Money due, £5 9s id. Mr, Morton appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. H, Walker for defendant. The evidence went to show that certain deeds of some land purchased by the Good Templars had been handed to a Mr. T, Perkins, a conveyancer, for the purpose of having the land couveyed from the previous owner to trustees of the Good Templars ; Per- kins had received 12s from the plaintiff, and was promised £10 on completion of the transfer and the deeds handed over. Instead of doing this, however, he had given the deeds to the defendant (Purser) as security for a sum of £30, which be owed him; the trustee of the hall, of whom plaintiff was a member, finding defendant had possession of the deeds, went to defendant and agreed with him to get posses- sion of them on payment of £12 10s; the defendant in the meantime to get the land properly transferred to the trustees. Defendant alleged that the £12 10s had been paid to him merely to get possession of the deeds, and that he had nothing whatever to do with having the land properly conveyed. The plaintiffs now sued for the amount expended by them in getting the land conveyed, in consequence of defendant not having carried out his agree- ment. The Bench gave a verdict for the plaintiff in full. D, Rankin and Qo. v. T. Wjlea.-r-Goods sold, £1 is 7d. 5s 6d bad been paid into Court, and after hearing evidence, the Bench gave a ver* diet for the plaintiff for, the balance. R. Abbs sr. F* G. Simpson.— Money due, £11 2s. .6d. Mr. Morton appeared for plaintiff, and Air. Powers for .defendant, who had paid &i; 17s 6d into Comrt. After hearing evidence, tbe Bench gave a verdict for the amount paid in, and nonsuited tbe plaintiff as -to the balance. T. J. Wood v. J. Murray..— Work and-labor, £5 16s, Mr. Powers appeared for plaintiff, and .Mr. Morton for defendant, who had paid £3 2s Cd into Court, together with £s cost of summons, ?his was a dispute as to the amount charged by plaintiff for putting up a dividing fence, the defendant being under the impres sion that plaintiff's charges were excessive. Tbe Bench gave recdict for plaintiff for 13s, 6d over and above what bad been paid into Cou^t, and' 5s witnesses' expenses. A day's racing is announced to take place at Mount Peixy oii Boxing dayj the following gentlemen were appointed stewards : — Messrs, L. French, AV. S.; Patterson, S. Mitchell, C, Giliriore, J. 'French, P^^anhoUy and J. Budd ; L. French, secretary j . W, S. Patterson '.treasurer. At the Police Court -on Friday, before the Police Magistrate, Emily Jfjeelinbinder, charged Thos, Watson ' 'with non-payment of wages under the Master land Servants* Act Defen dant did not appear, and the .case was ad journed until Saturday, at 10 o'clock. -.BeforeJ. ?Purser and R. B. Clayton, Esq., J.JP., F* Bryant was cbais^''r^^f^l^ebiau Inspec tor jvilh the detinue ^jE b^ep^^Vpro^rty of Sambo and .Tommy^ Vftluqd. There being no appearancq, :thp/ ^fcigesiiStW Atrlick out v-: ,! GAS shares in Adelaide bare fallen 15s. in consequence of tbe electric light innovations. Tbe stock of Porter, Thomas, and Madden, Cooktown, burnt last wecl^ was, insured for £5000. The six New Caledonian escapees from Maryborough, having served their sentence of one week, were re-arrested at Brisbane And re manded, pending orders from Noumea. Hospital. — Report for tbe week ending December (ith, 1880:— Admitted, 0 - discharged, f ? died, 0 ; otrt patients, 7 ?; remaining in Hospital, 23 ; totai treated, 37. the Police Court, ou Saturday, before the police Magistrate, Charles Fitsroy (an abori* pjnal) chargcd- with drunkenness, was dis charged. Yesterday, E. T. Humbly, brought up ou suspicion of being of unsound mind, was . remanded for 48 hours for treatment. j ON' Sunday afternoon, a collision occurred on j the Gayndah road which resulted in the death j of a valuable horse belonging to Mr. Murphy ; (of Messrs. Murphy and Wockner.) An em- | ployee of the firm having been out riding, wag on his way home, and coming down the hill at the old township at a somewhat rapid pace, ran his horse against a spring-oa/rt driven by Mr. Bolton. The shaft entered the animal's side just above the ribs, and the horse in tbe curt jumped to one side, broke the shaft and left it remaining in the side of the beast, which bad to be shot immediately afterwards. Mr, Murphy valued the horse at £30. Nominators are reminded that on the first dav of the New Year, January 1st, 1881, the second payment of £1 is due in cash on two jear-olds entered for the second Maryborough Foal Stakes to be run neyt July. The follow ing are tbe nominations taken from tbe Wide Bay, Burnett, and Mulgrave Racing Manual : — Hon. J. P- Bell's ch c by Epigram — Greyskim „ b c „ — Emeute ,, be — Wheatsheaf .. be ^ — Cadeau Mr. i. Williams' ch f by Melbourne — Louisiana „ bf — Atalaota Mr. 3. Tooth's chf Stella by Pundit — Sally Mr. J. J. Cadcll's be Frigid by Clarion— Norma „ bcFoxhuntcr „ -rXmas „ b f Freeee „ — Icicle „ bf Ferret ,, — Sweetbriar ,, h f Feline — Modesty Mr. F. Atherton's by Recruit — Queen Bee Hon. A. H, Brown's brf by Fenman- Petunia „ bf u —Queen of Trumps Mr. N. W. Brown's Denmark (dead) ,, ch f by Fenman — Windermere „ „ — Bonny Blink Mr. T. Rose's g f by Doncaster — Sarah Bimble ,, -c h -or g f „ — Alice -jh or gf ,, -^-mare by Romeo „ b f by F6ve (imp. son of Lord Glifden)— Pilgrim A goodly array of twenty-two. but Denmark, unfortunately, is dead. It is doubtful if ei'lier of the Grange youngsters by Epigram will be at tbe post. Mr. Williams' mares are of no higher class than our own, and at present the race seems likely to be confined to district horses. Mr. Tooth will be sure to run his1 Pundit filly if she has even the ghost of a show. Mr. Cadell will not let the glove lie on the ground without picking it up, and Messrs. Brown and Rose are pretty sure to be repre sented by one or more from each stable. Tbe stake is a pretty good one, worth over £60 to the winner, and it is worth paying ap a note for if only ou the off chance. It will be time enough to decline forfeit an May, when tbe -third payment is due, and when we know something more about tts? youngsters' capa bilities. The case of embezzlement brought against Dr. R. H, Paterson, late resident surgeon to the Rockhampton hospital, was tried ou Monday last, and resulted in an immediate acquittal The trial was supposed to be due to some per- ( eonal feeling ou the part of 6ome of the com mittee, and during itG progress iixt Court was ? thronged, tbe attendance .at one time, being estimated at 2000. There were frequent bursts ? of applause during Mr. Griffith's speeches for tbe defence {no evidence being called) aad on the verdict for acquittal being recorded, a scene occurred which js said to be without a parallel in tbe history of the colony- Rounds of cheers were given for Dr. P.iterson. Mr. Griffith, and Mr. R. Lyons, and groans for Mr. William Patiison, one ot tbe Committee. The Dr. was then borne borne on the shoulders of the mob. j The following is a bit of the cvjdenee given by ' the Hospital wardstaan, who, with Mr. Faunce, the Treasuscr, were principal witnesses for the prosecution ; — 14 Dr. Paterson was dismissed summarily. He was allowed reasonable time to clear out-more than tjventj-four hours witness believed. There was a good deal of friction between Dr. Paterson «nd the Com mittee prior to this time. Tlie prisoner made a written complaint to the Committee of the quality of the meat supplied to the Hospital. The contractor for the meat was Mr. W, Patti son. He did not remain long resident surgeon after that complaint was made. The matter was going on from week to week until be was dismissed $ the accused was very highly recom menced ; in fact his testimonials were the best.' We only regret that the stringency of the law of libel prevents us, as it has evidently gagged the Uockhanjptoh journals, from offering some candid comments on this remarkable case. 