BELLS. Whatever may bo tho merits or defects of this family, members of it are to bo found in oveiy quarter of tho globe ; cities, towns, villages, palaces, prisons, churches, hotels, and tho ships on the bosom of the ocean are all provided with bells. Like tho human species generally, tho race of bells varies in staturo, bulk, and speech. There are dwarfs among them — puny, little things, with tinkling voices ; and thcro arc also giants— huge, corpulent fellows, twenty feet high and forty or fifty feet round, speaking with tre mendous tones, perfectly dinning to tho ear un less distance modifies tho sound. Tho antiquity of the family cannot bo precisely ascertained ; but it long antedated tlio most ancient of our oldest families in the mother- country, and was in existence — making a noise in tho world, too — before Greek or .Roman were heard of, even in the days of old Assyria, and at tho time when Israel was wandering in the desert. Some, indeed, have gvavely referred its original paternity to the groat artificer in brass ana iron ooioro tlio noou, Tubal uain ; ana upon the same authority we have it that Noah employed the first of tho progeny while building tho ark to summon his carpenters to thoir work. Bells, to drop tho metaphor, are first heard of amongst tho ancient Persians. They wcro mado of gold and appended to the royal costumes of their kings. Bronze bells were found by Mr. Layard in a chamber of the palace of Nimrod, apparently intended for horse and chariot furniture ; and upon the metal being analysed it was found to contain ono part of tin to ton parts of copper. It is curious to reflect that if tho tin, as is probable, came from Phoenicia, it may have been exported from Britain, so that Cornish metal perchance jingled in tho streets of Nineveh. Small bells of this kind, rung by hand, sounded in tho markets, temples, and camps of tho primitive world, summoned guests to tho feasts, proclaimed tho march of time, sounded the alarm of battle, and announced victory. From a passage in "Macbeth" it may bo in ferred that in tho sixteenth century something larger than the domestic handbell was in use : — " Go, hid thy mistress, when tho drink is reads, She strike upon the bell. " It was not until tho present century that tho simple practico of ringing a bell in a horizontal direction by means of a crank and a piece of wire became at all common, and that bellhang- ing in tho same way was introduced into the rooms of dwellings. Very different, however, from these pigmies, of tho race aro their gigantic brotherhood introduced to belfry nnd steeple, and to the towers of the public buildings of our day. Some examples may be singled out from the list of those of great magnitude, ecclesiastical and secular. Ono of the youngest of the group, born in 1802, is the Victoria, at tho Town Hall, Leeds, and which tolled mournfully for Lord Macaulay and Edward Baincs. It is six foot two inches wido, six inches thick, and weighs exactly four tons ono cwt. It is hung for ringing in full swing, and is tho largest boll iu England rung in thnt manner. No other tower, perhaps, would bear tho operation with such a weight, though it is well known that the tone is then , finer and less monotonous than from the ordinary striking. It sounds the note B natural, j The great bell of St. Paul's, in the south tower, . struck hourly by the hammer of the clock, is nine feet wide, and weighs five tons two cwt. It bears the inscription, " Richard Phelps made me, 1710." Tho clapper is ono hundred and twenty lbs. weight. It lies idle, except 011 tho occasion of the death of a member of the Royal Family, a Bishop of the Diocese, a Dean of the Cathedral, or a Lord Mayor of London. The sound of tho bell is overpowered, at a very moderate distance, by tho noise of tho streets. Tom of Lincoln, re-cast in 1835, considered a good bell, is an inch wider than St. Paul's, weighs 5 tons 8 cwt., and hangs in one of tho solemn towers of tho Cathedral. His namesake, Tom of Oxford, in the gate-tower of Christ- church, is 6 feet 'J inches high, 7 foot 1 inch wido, weighs 7 tons 11 cwt., and every evening at 9 tolls 101 times in commemoration of the number of scholarships with which tho College is ondowed. Originally this bell was named Mary, in honour of Queen Mary, bestowed by Tresliam, tho Chancellor, at tho beginning of hor reign. It had a beautiful tone when first placed in tho tower, but its voice faltered, and it is now as inharmonious as can well bo miagmed, giving riso to the suspicion that it is somewhere cracked, like its brother of Lincoln. Peter of York, in tho Minster, cast in 1845, is 7 feet 2 inches in height, 8 feet 4 inches wide, and weighs 10 tons 15 cwt. Seventeen tons of metal were melted for it, and was run into tho mould in seven minutes. It took fourteen days in cooling before the clay mould was removed from it. Tho clapper, made at ono of tho York shire foundries, weighs 400 lbs., and is beautifully worked in wrought .iron. Tho oaken stock in which tho boll is fitted, with its bolts, weighs 3 tons. It is said to require fifteen men to ring tho bell. The total cost amounted to £2,000, which was subscribed by the citizens of York. But, alas for civic liberality and ambition, the great Peter is a notorious failure. Big Ben of Westminster, ensconced in tho highest and stateliest clock tower in tho world', weights 13 i tons, has a hammer of 7 cwt., and spoke for tho firBt time in tho summer of 1860. This bell was a reproduction. The first of the name Was made at Norton near Stockton in the North, and had scarcely reached its destination and tittered a few notes when it cracked. It was laid aside in one comer of Palace-yard and suffered execution by means of an iron ball weighing close upon two tons, raised to tho height of thirty feet, and then suffered to- fall upon tho victim. Two pieces, one of about a ton, the other somewhat smaller, wore struck out at the first blow, and with a crazy bellow poor Ben gave up tho ghost. Messrs. Mears & Co., of London, used up the fragments in the manufacture of a second bell, but the new pro duction has similarly given way. Indeed such incidents aro of frequent occurrence. Tho great bell of Notre Dame at Paris was cast three times in about six years, before a satisfactory result was obtained. The groat bells of the world are in foreign countries. Thus, one at Vienna, cast in 1711, from tho cannon left by tho Turks when they raised the seigo of tho city, is ten feet high, thirty-one feet rouud, lias a tongue of 1,100 lb., and weighs over 17 tons. Nankin, in China, lias one weighing 22 tons, and Pekin one of 53 tons. Still the grand examples aro in Russia, where a taste for largo metal castings is characteristic of flirt vmnnln. nnd 1ms cvistfid for At, Mns- cow, tho bell in tho tower of St. Ivan's Church is twenty-one feet high, fifty-four feet round, and weighs 57 tons. Its tongue is 4,200 lb., and requires tho ufiitod strength of three men to sway it from side to sido, for all the Russian bells aro immovable, and only tho clappers aro swung to and fro. Its mighty voice is only heard three times a year, yet it subdues the noise of the city, and booms like tho rolling of distant thundor. The king of bells, however, is to be found in tho Kremlin. It is 21 feet high, 07 feet round, nearly two foot thick at tho greatest, and has the enormous weight of 198 tons ! This monster of the boll family was cast by order of tho Empress Anne, in 1734, from tho metal of a liugli predecessor, but is now silent and fractured. According to tradition, it fell from tho beam to which it was fixed, and was broken by tho fall, while deeply buried in tho ground by its own weight. In 1837 the present Emperor's father raised it, and placed it on a low circular wall, which placo has since become consecrated as a chapel, tho boll itself forming the dome. It is computed that in Englnnd there arc no loss than 50 peals of 10 bells, 3U0 of eight bolls, 500 peals of six bolls, and 250 peals of five bells. The heaviest peal aro those at tho Exeter Cathedral. Mr. Gatty, tho famous bellringer, states that eigne Dens lorin uio mossperiectpeai, auu snows by a certain arrangement of numbers how three bells can ring six changes ; for overy time a peal is rung round, a change can be made in the urder of some one bell, thereby causing a change in the succession of the notes. These changes increase enormously with the number of tho bulls. Thus a peal of four will ring four times as many as three, or twenty-four ; ono of live, live times as many as four, or 120 ; and tho pro gression advances at such a tremendous rate that twelvo bolls will give 479, 001, GOO chauges. : Soutliey calculated that these would take ninoty-oiio years to ring, at tho rate of two strokes to a second, or ton rounds (o a minute. "Tho changes upon fourteen bolls," he remarked, "could not bo rung through at tho saino rate iu less than 10,575 years." The largest boll at nrosent in the Australian colonies is fixed in tho tower of tho Post Office, Melbourne. — Exchange. 