LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Gazette notifies the appointment of Constable Jonathan Pickering as Acting Clerk of Petty Sessions at Tewantin, in the room of Senior-constable Swrods, removed to Nanango. Hospital. — Report for the week ending 3rd May, 18S0 : — Admitted, 4 ; discharged, 5 ; died, 1 ; out-patients, 7 ; remaining in Hospital, 16 ; total treated, 29. Tills public are reminded of the Magnificent Italian Sculptures, for auction this day by Messrs. Bryant and Co., at 12 o'clock. — [Advt.] This being Ascension week, special services will be held nightly in St. Paul's .Church. Len nox-street, the Rev. Thos. Holme officiating. Cricketebs will be pleased to learn that the Gympie players have acce led to the proposition to resume inter-urban matches, and will send .1 team to play in Maryborough 011 the 24th inst.. Queeu's birthday. ? TiiE interments at the Cemetery in the month of April were : Adults, 11, children, 10. 1 Of the forme r, 3 were Polynesians who died in ; the hospital, and one was brought in from Ycngaric. A public auction of unusual character will be held by Messrs. Bryant and Co., to-day, when a collection of marble statuary will be offered for sale. The consignment has been on view siucc Saturday, in one of the newly erected shops at the corner of Keut aud Bazaar-streets, and attracted a number of visitors. The request recently preferred by the Muni cipal Council that the original plan of laying the Tinana water pipes across the bed of the river near the Maryborough Bridge should be adhered to, has, we understand, been refused. Tbe pipes will therefore be laid along the bridge from the South side to the draw- bridge, and from thence down to the bed of the river aud up the North bank. The combination existing between the A.S.N. Co. and Howard Smith and Sons, with refer ence to a uniform scale of freights and fares, which ha6 more than once during the last twelve months been on the verge of collapse, has this week come to an end, and each Company will now trade independently, to the benefit of the public, and, let us hope, with ultimate profit to the rival companies. A meeting of the Burrum Divisional Board is called for Thursday morning next, for the tra- saction of business. Nominations of can didates to fill the vacancy in the Board caused by the resignation of Mr. A. W. Melville must be made by 4 o'clock in the afternoou on Fri day next, to the Returning Officer (Mr. H. Palmer), who will be in attendance at Mr. Kruger's house on the Gayndah Road, to receive the nominations. The congregation of St. Paul's Church may be congratulated on the engagement, as organist and choirmaster of the talented gentleman who has just arrived in Maryborough to undertake the duties. Mr. F. W. Richardson is a musician who has acquired repute in the Southern colonics, and his testimonials from gentlemen like Sir John Goss, ranking high in the musical world of England, lead us to the conclusion that Maryborough generally will benefit by his advent. With a competent artist residing in the town, the resuscitation of the moribuud Musical Union should be an early certainty. Those interested in the representation of this district at the Melbourne Exhibition will observe that the council of the National Asso ciation notify that they arc now prepared to 1 receive contributions of Queensland produce aud manufacture for the fifth anuual exhibition of the association, to open in Bowen Park on Jaly 20, aud to forward same to the Interna tional Exhibition to be held in Melbourne next October. One certificate of entiy for each ex hibit will serve for both exhibitions if required, and exhibits will be carried per rail, and from any port in Queensland to Melbourne, free of charge. The Committee of the School of Arts h received advice of the departure from Lo T* on the 2nd March, of two cases of book* ^ R.M.S. Australia, which is due off Cookton Saturday next. The books will arrive in w borough iu about two weeks from dat« and^' they include works of fiction, historical vo^ ages and trails, biographies, philosophy Ja theology, will be a valuable addition to t\ already Urg: stock of books in the library * In reply to a request from Mackay for legal opinion on the question of assessing machinery f.,r taxation under the Divisional Boards Bill, Mr. Priug forwarded Hie follow iug :— ?* Attorney- General is of opinion that th ' land upon which there-is a growing crop ' be enrnpn od at its nett annual value under ' section GO of the Act, Sugar machinery must ' bo considered as buildings, and should be tl assessed separate as such under the Divisional ' Boards Act.' 8th April, A corbespondent at the Bumun writes ?- ' It is well to let the public and consumers coal in this district know that the Burrum coal field is surely but quietly going abend. aiJ the country hereabouts is a mass of the black diamond. Two steamers left for MaiyburouiA last week, the lona with GI tons coal, and Barbira and Jane with G3 tons, all good clean coal from the Beaufort colliery, and the same pit could supply that quantity every week if boats could beubUined to convey it to market'' Mr, Macr0S.?.4N*s progress through the Northern portion of the colony is from dav to day reported in our telegraphic columns,' hat wc learn now, for the first time, il!at the up journey was not altogether uneventful. The steamship Victoria, with tbe Minister on board arrived at Bowen about two hours after mid! night. The good people of the town had arranged a receptiou, deputations, etcetera and notwithstanding the ungodliness of the hour proceeded to put their programme through! The deputationisiug being disposed of, the party offered to drive Mr. Macrossan rouud the tovvu to inspect the public buildings, but al though the night was beautifully mooulit, the Minister sweetly declined. The irrepressible Xorthan 1 Miner declares that Mr. Macro^an's tour is merely au electioneering trip, to arrange for the satisfactory filling of ihe seats nowheli by Messrs. John Walsh and F. A. Cooper, the first named, it is said, being unwilling to return to the house, and the other unlikely to return from New Zealand for the present. MauydoeouGH may be said, in colonial parlance, to be up to her neck in Punch this month. The May number of our Queensland charivari, just to band, iu furnishing its usual menu of humorous titbits, levvs 1 aia-el v on modern Maryborough history. A pictorial page dealing with the recent cricket match between Maryborough and the Stanley Club, is a series of funny illustrations in which truthful por traiturc is subordinate to a reckless perversion of our repoit of the match. We csuuot a!W that tbe likenesses of tbe players arc flatterinp, or even correct, but they are amusing, to sat the least. A report of a meeting of a certain bazaar committee is a satire quite shocking in its boldness. Tbe affectionate feeling which, at the last District Court held here, was clearly shown to exist Wween Judge Blake and tLe Crown Prosecutor, is shown in a verbatim re port of an episode which actually occurred, and in another skit a well-known resident is ea-ilr recognisable by the appellation of Captain Plumbago. The cartoon in thisnumher depicts the Acting-Governor dreaming of passing Queensland evcul?. The idea is happily elabo rated. and the execution veiy good. It cannot be said that Punch is deteriorating OCR remarks on Saturday hat, in reference to the mistaken policy of attracting blacks to town, and the results likely to follow, were in a manner confirmed on Sunday afternoon by a disgraceful scene which was enacted in Kent street, near the shipbuilding yards of Me^sr*. Walker and Co. Two blaekfellows. apparently the worse for liquor, and enjoying some differ ence of opiuion, — possibly over the quantity of liquor consumed, — entered into a fight, in whicli sheath knives, with the keenest edges, were freely used, the gashes made in the bodies of the gladiators beiug horrible to look upra. The monotony of the knife cutting was relieved occasionally by a gash being inflicted with a tomahawk, which also appeared to have bscn specially prepared for the fray. Blood was flowing* freely on both sides, and had not two members of the police force arrived oppor tunely, there is little doubt the weaker of the blacks would have yielded up his aboriginal ghost. The police having taken the earring implements from the warriors, the latter made their way to the river, which they CTossed, and no doubt settled their dispute with other weapons. The police would do well at this time of year to keep a sharp eye on those who are suspected of supplying these creatures with liquor, and may proDably be rewarded by a conviction of the delinquents. Nor the least attractive feature of the forth coming bazaar in aid of the Grammar School Fuud will he a miuiature screw steam yacht built by Mr. John Murray, engineer at the Union Foundry. The craft in question is 2 feet 9 in. over all, boasts beautiful lines, water tight compartments, and has a direct acting vertical engine; the boiler is about the size of a pint pot. With about lialf-a-teacuplul o£ water, heated by the flame from a tablespoon ful of methylated spirit, sufficient 6teamcan ba v got up in a minute's time to -propel the little vessel across the Mary River and half-way on her return trip, a voyage which was witnessed by several invited friends on Saturday after noon. It is intended to exhibit the ' Lily,'— for such is the appellation given to the little stranger — during the liozaar, in full work in a tank ten feet iu diameter, in which space, by ft careful adjustment of iha rudder, ihe Lily caa steam in a circle. The painting and decorating has been performed by 'Mr. Weeks, and alto gether the Lily is an ornament that will no doubt -eoramaMd-adarge-figure when disposed of, especially as the proceeds will be handed to the Grammar School Fund. . The friends or the Rev. Charles Clark in Melbourne (says the Argut) received letters from him by the mail giving full accounts 01 his proceedings, but in po way alluding to any change of faith on his part. TJiey therefore discredit the report that tbe rev. gentleman has been received into the Roman Catholic Church. Mr. Clark mentions iu his letters :that, tboQB' he has no Church of bis own, his Sundays ftre generally occupied in tbe pulpit, and the re* mark is incompatible with the alleged cbaflg8 of denomination. We understand that the Police Magistrate! of Brisbane and Ipswich hnveljeen appolnte a comjnission to inquire into certain allege grievances in connection with.the working 0 the Woogaroo Lunatic AsylahL The reason 0 the iuquiry, we believe, is that certain chaiges have been made against Dr. Smith, the surgeoL superintendent, by a clerk, named Sawu Lewis, cpnnected with the asylum, who recently reduced or suspended. Mr. Lewis some years ago, engaged in the railway depart ment at Toowoom'oa, and gave evidence at tn late inquiry before tho Woogaroo Oommisffl0^ The commissioners, we understand, meetto.-aw» but only to make preliminary arrangements. Iu the meantime we refrain from furtjer co®' mouis, — {Juecrttluvd jiuta. 