Charters Towers. [FROM OCR OWK CORRESPONDENT.] ' ' '.' October 9. The gold escort left to-day with 8243oz, ? lldwt. 12gr., the product of five weeks' ' work. ' ????-. Mn. Spurqeon and thb Wesleyak Cos fkrence.— The following pleating episode ' occurred at the recent sitting of the English Wesleyan Conference. It ib refreshing.' to see the exhibition of so mnch Christian charity among membera of different sects, ' and to see them meeting as brethren on the broad platform of Bible truth. There is an entire absence in this inci- . dent of the bigotry which so often ' : obtains in many committees. The Chfif tian World says :— ' During the considers* . . ? tion of the memorials a pleasing intemptkra , occurred. It was rumoured that the Jttev'. ''? ''? ..v C. H. Spurpeon was in the chapel grounds, ' ' ? and an invitation was conveyed to him to ;' address the Conference. On his being intro- ' -. duced, the President shook him warmly i-y . . \ the hand and welcomed him to the Confer- - ' ence. His success as on evangelist of tbe Lord Jcbus Christ, he said, had gladdened the heart of Methodism as though he had been one of their own ministers. They had , rejoiced in the ability with wkioh he had . : administered a large church ; and they wel comed him as representing a section of the Christian Church firm in its adherence to evangelical truth and glorious in its mis- ' sionary traditions. Mr. Spnrgeon in reply, said he was taken quite aback by the cour tesy of the Conference. The fact was, they were going to have a Baptist Congress, It was needful to provide for lunch, and it had occurred to him that the Wesleyans were sure to know how to do it. So he popped into the lunch room and had been oaptoied. . However, he was right glad to be there. He thought if two bodies had a firm grip of the truth— believed something— they wen' the Baptists and Wesleyans. It was their business simply to receive God's troths and to give them out. For himself, he confessed he believed not only the sense, bnt the words of the Bible ; and he urged hie younger brethren to hold fast the iaitn;jmct not to allow themselves to drift into the shallows and on to tbe rocks of «nJjeUef. Their victory was to come by faith. ; Though v. with reference to some respects of trnth-he . '?'. held rather with Whitefield than' Wisley,' ': yet he rejoined that there was no diBpnto. ,.''* between them about tbe grand fundamental ,-,^ truths. There they were mob in Chrub i Jesus. He sainted the President with r ?- reverential affection, and the bishops -around ' _ him, lie himself a biBhop, saluted. He prayed it might remain the glory of :M«tho- :?[_ dismtbat she etred for the £oor. He can- : oluded by saying :— ' Peace be wrdk'-yoit,-^'1 brethren; may you all be baptized, (Laugh ter.) Well, let me finish. May yon all to baptized with the Holy Ghost 'and w#l i jj power.' After an eloquent reply on behalf of i i. the Conference by Dr. Osborn, who movfdjBj vote, of oordial fraternal greetis; to Mr' Spurgeon, Mr. Spnrgeon, in saying farewell :.~r. with great solemnity, challenged all present to enter into covenant that day to1 hold fast ~:ji the truth. 