D. D. GAZETTE. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) FERI0: T..OO. THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 1880. The Minister for Works has gone North, and, to make sure of his wel- come, he carries gifts in his hand with him. For the people of Townsville, Ravenswood, and Charters Towers, he takes the Commissioner for Railways as a visible embodiment of his determina- tion to push, on with their railway; for those of the Cook District, he carries, as an acceptance present, the immediate determination to make the Port Douglas jetty. No doubt something of the kind was necessary... When Mr. Macrossan was engaged in forming the Northern combination he promised a great many things to those who would agree to follow him. He denounced the rapacity of the Southerners, and he promised them if they would take him for their Moses, not only would he de- liver them from their cruel bondage, but that they should spoil the Egypt tians. They took him at his word, and with, one exception, they elected his. men; but as yet they have had none of the fine things he promised them. And they have resented his neglect. It has become very evident to them that MACROSSAN ''on the stamp,' harangu- ing an excited Northern meeting, was a very different individual from Macrossan in the Works Office, the colleague of a firmly-seated Premier. An uneasy suspicion began to dawn upon them that they have been, to use the, expressive colonial vulgarism, '' had.' The North has grown very mutinous, and Mr Macrossan has been very freely cursed in places where they used to bless him altogether. With all this we have hitherto had little concern. That Mr. Macrossan should suffer the just penalty of his deeds was only right. He sought for power and popularity in the North not so much by advocating a just line of policy for ihe colony as by inflaming local cupidity and aggravating sectional jealousy. That his dupes should turn on him when, they discovered the nature of his trick was natural, and we had little pity for him. But we discern a danger in his present mission, both in its ostensible object and what is whis- pered is its secret aim. It is again de sirable for party purposes that Mr. Macrossan should fire the Northern heart, or at least win back the confi- dence he has forfeited. There are two members for the Cook, whose chief distinction has been unqualified , obe- dience to his behests. But Messrs Walsh and Cooper are not likely, so it is said, to retain, their seats. One has settled to business in Sydney, the other is a rover who is reported to be about to try his fortune in New Zea- land. Both seats may be vacant soon, and how are they to be filled ? The re action against Mr. Macrossan has been visited by the Ccok electors on Messrs. Walsh and Cooper, whose effigies have been publicly burnt in the electorate, with every mark of indignity. What chauce is there of Government candidates being returned to fill their places? Mr. Macrossan has gone to see. And, although he cannot exactly bring the indignant electors the million which he humbugged them into believ- ing was owing by South to North, he can do as other impecunious debtors do. He can give them the Port Douglas jetty as a.payment on account. , We have already stated that, in our opinion, the railway from Townsville to Charters Towers has, as a public work, a preferent claim over any further ex- tension of the Central railway. We have no quarrel therefore with any pro- posal to push it forward ; but the Port Douglas jetty is a different thing. Jetties are works which, when begun, seem very innocent undertakings, but which expand into quite unexpected div- mensions, The £10,000 that Mr. Macfr- ossan is about to expend will simply begin the work — where will it end. We cannot forget the Townsville jetty, begun on far greater assurance of neces- sity than this one, and stopped by the .present Ministry as useless. It lies now an idle mass of stone, .rjjpresent;ug a great and apparently uselesi?' ~~'i- ture. What guarantee have we that the Port Douglas work will not be the same? No one ever heard of an agita- tion for this jetty ; it appeared ap- parently unasked in tbe Loan Estimate. It can have, no effect of any kind on the prosperity of the Hodgklnson gold field for years, and there is no reason to suppose that it. will ever assist it. We have Mr. Macrosan's own assurance that the Townsville jetty would not diminish the. cost of goods, to. the con sumers who use the port of Townsville, for he explained they would not get the benefit of any diminition in.the cost of landing cargo at present brought ashore in lighters;' Townsville and Port Douglas resemble each other in this respect, that both have roadsteads ac- cessible to large ships, which tranship their cargoes into small craft capable of taking them into shallow waters close to the town. If then a prolonged jetty or wharf is needless at one place, surely it will be equally useless at the other. At least, if money is to be spent in this way at all, surely it is better to finish the half completed work now lying at the mercy of the waves than to begin a fresh one in a new place. The conclusion is irresistible that Mr. Macrossan is to begin the Port Douglas jetty, not so:much because the people concerned need it as because he wants some bribe to soothe down their angry feelings, and predispose them to listen favorably to.him. We warn the Ministry that this will not do. The people of the North may be gulled again, although we doubt it but down here we can see clearly the drift of this movement. We know that the loan will not accomplish half what it is supposed to do, and that something must go short. We expect Ministers to recognise this fact, so plain that the blindest must see it, and to delay a while until Parliament can decide which of the proposed undertak- ings can be held over with least detri- ment to the public welfare. And we cannot spare in our present pecuniary condition so large a sum as £10,000 for expenditure on a work which is nothing more than a .- ji-ibe offered to secure the goodwill of a doubtful constituency. Mating of PAHUAMesT.— By procla mation issrrjd yesterday Parliament ia further prorogued from the 27th of 'April to the 8th day ol June. , . . } Baptj^m:.— The Rey. JV.. Qtrauphen; of Ipswlch, TTilt'ilelivirtlie'firat of two lectures in tbe School of Arts fh'H evening on the above subject. The theme of to- night's dig ;oonrse wiUbe 'Mmmenibn Sathe'only Scrip tural mode.' There will be no charge for admission to the hall. Advance in Price of Wool,— We refer readers to the welcome intelligence conveyed in our telegraphic colums of a further advance in the price of wool. It was generally anti cipated, Apm the.fci3t;pf ; Jiondoa ^fe'^18! that tW Bales to open on the 20th K^.unld Show ? cbntirin»nci:.ot ittee fitmaesB which characterised, the la^t farjes, j^uttjgQfarther rise was liar'dly anticipated at' present. The heavy 'lOs^'uf 'shse^ aS -'hebne may %ave been an important factor in causing the. taflvanee. It will be seen that the increase is one penny per ponnd on greasy, and, a penny halfpenny on w.ishedau'd scoured Wool, which means a subita'n),iul, and though at all times, at the present junfcture particularly, a most welcome addition to the , wealth of the oolony. Dismissals jk thk Pcelio Wobks Da r/-:TMEST.=-At a^n-eliog of the Cabinet held on Tuesday last, we learn from the Courier, a minute of the Minister for Works, with reference to the proposed reduction in the staff ofMfce Public Works' Department was passed. It is to the effect that those officers of the department who have received notice that their services will be dispensed with after June 30 shall have priority in eases of vaoancies for which they may be eligible arie'-ig inJh^ubJLiejetrite^ — ..- Fearful Accident. — The Benalla Stan- dard reports that a dreadful accident took place on the Goulburn Valley line on Thurs day, the 8th inst., by which a man, well known to the residents of Violet Town and Euroa, lost his life. Sarsfield, who was a porter in the employ of the Victorian Rail ways; stationed at Toolamba was overtaken by the last train from Seymour to Shep parton, and fairly cut into piecemeal, both legs and his head being cut off from the trunk. It is surmised that he had been down to some shanties about two miles from Toolamba, and on returning did not hear the train approaching, and thus met with his sad end. The driver reported to the station- master at Toolamba that they had run over something, and immediately some men went back, and were horrified to find the body, some parts of which were fully 30 yards away from others. The deceased man leaves a wife and nine children to mourn his loss the youngest being only a few days old. Floods on the Railways ? The rains of tbelaBt few days have affected the traffic on the Central and Southern and Western Railways. On the 19th, such heavy rain fell on Hie Central Railway that traffic between Emerald and Comet hud to be suspended, the line being slightly damaged by the wet. ? There has also been some delay in the trains on the Southern and Western railway near Blythedale. The water was at one time a \- foot over the rails, and some slight damage Wai' ions to the Vint.— Telegraph. Death of an old Warwick Resident.— We {Examiner and Times) have this week to record the decease of another of Warwick's Old residents. It is that of Mr. Joseph HemmingB, which Bad event took place on Saturday last, at his residence, in Albert ? street, at the somewhat mature age of 69 years. Deceased had been, for some time . prior to his death, seriously afflicted with a painful disease— cancer in the mouth— and from which he lately suffered a great deal. Up to within a few weeks of his daath, how aver, he wax to be seen walking about the . streets, as waa his wont ; but latterly the disease took such hold upon him that he was compelled to confine himself to his room. His dispoiition was of a kindly and very friendly nature, and he was well respected by his fellow-townspeople. Drowned. — The Aramac Mail, of the 30th ultimo, regets to announce that a man named Prior, a boundary rider on Bowen Dowdb Station, was drowned on March 23\. He had occasion in the course of his work to cross the washpool, and although unable to swim himself, determined to swim over on his horse rather than ride round. He was riding a, good swimming horse, and had frequently put her across the washpool before. On this occasion, however, he seems to have been parted by some means from the mare. He called oat and attracted the at tention of the Chinese gardener, who wag not far away. He snmoned an old man, who was camping close by. The pair went down to the waterhole, and saw Prior's hat floating . on the surface. Shortly afterwards they found the body and got it to land. Life, 'however, was quite extinct. Prior was an old 'servant on Bowen Downs, and was long known in the neighborhood as a sober, respectable, and hard-working man. A Good Suggestion. — Eeferring to the prospectus of the new company being floated in Victoria for the export meat trade, Mr. Geo. Coppin writes to the Argus :—' Sir, — The great importance of ' exporting frozen meat1 will, I think, excuse a suggestion for the consideration of the directors appointed at yesterday's meeting at Scotts Hotel. The objects of the association, as read by the chairman, are ? to carry on the business of exporters of every description of food suitable for human consumption which may require to be frozen,' &c.; Why limit the business of the company to exports, whilst there are so many articles of food that cannot be ob tained in the colonies which would give re tarn freight, exchange, and large profits, if introduced by the freezing process ? Having onoo lived for eighteen months upon fish, I have thoroughly tested the various kinds ob tainable in the market, and am not enthu siastic upon the quality or variety. Al though very gonty, I would risk the results if I could purokase from the proposed Frozen Meat Company at 100 per cent, upon the English, cost a fresh salmon, a turbot, or a John Dory. My moath waters when 1 think of an English Bole, a cod, haddock, trout, mackerel, or Yarmouth bloater ; and I would not turn tip my nose at a herring or a grill of sprats. Pheasants, partridges, quail, grouse, black duck, and other descriptions of game would meet a hearty welcome. I am even curious to taste English mutton again. The demand in all the colonies for, say one shipment a month, would bi very consider able, and the profits, even at popular prices, would make an important addition to the oompany'o dividends without any increase in outlay or working expenses. Trusting that you will consider the suggestion worth, publication and your support, I am, &c.;' Saying Life. — A courageous act :s reported from Plymouth. Five lads had been playing on the beach at low tide, and entered a cave in the rook, remaining there unobservant of the rising tide until they discovered that it was impossible for them to escape from their terrible prison. They screamed and shouted, while the swift waters driven by a fierce gale, rushed in higher and higher almost every wave, until tbe drowning of the five hapless juveniles seemed inevitable. Hundreds of people, attracted by the piercing cries, con gregated on the rocks above, but they oonld do nothing. No boat could live in the boiling surf, and all looked helplessly on, until two .seafaring men— George Andrews and Thomas Penny— offered to attempt a rescue. They were fastened to ropes, lowered over the precipitous orags, and allowing themselves to be washed into the cave by the sea, succeeded in rescuing one boy. This hazardous opera tion was continued until the whole five were landed on the rocks above. The two brave fellows who had risked their own lives in res cuing the boys were greatly cheered on the completion of their task ; and a subscription raised on the spot resulted in 30s being handed over to them. This is not likely, however, to be the only notice taken of their gallant services. — European Kail. ' Heavy Bbbbohlojldebs.— Before the close of the prwent y«ar the demonstration made by Herr Krupp last antumn at Meppen will ? meet its response at Woolwioh and Shoebury ,»esB, Two large breechloaders, intended to ?how results superior to any yet accomplished, -??re in conne of conrtrnotion in the Royal Gun Factories at Woolwioh Arsenal. The largest weighing 43 tons, will have a bore 12 inches in diameter and no lass than 26 eaUbres.long. The Krupp gun of 71 tons is ,„ .lj»$b«r less than 22 oalibres long in the bore, and our present 80-ton gun has a bore only . i8calibre«ialength. The other breechloader now bejng constructed at the Arsenal is to weigh 28J tons, having a bore 10.4 inohes in diameter. Tnis also will be 26 calibres) in length. It is expaoted that the projectile fired .from this gun will have a velocity ex ceeding 2,000 feet per second. Both guns will be chambered. The mode of construc tion is that of tile Eraser system, bnt trith a greater thickness of steel than hitherto in the _ Mar 'part of the tube, to admit of the requisite ''tneeon^osmg arrangement, whioliwiubea modification of the Irenoh screw. The pro jectiles of these guns will be rotated by a : copper ring near the base, after the Banner first employed by Mr. Vavasseur. A steady ing ring will probably encircle the shot near 1 itMiliowai—fftm Paper, Sending a Ploughing Team to Eng und.— The Gre'ong Times reports that a meeling of BcLirme fnrmera wn recently held for the parixnc of discuss' g Ibe p.1 j ct o£ Me Dallcy, viz., tbat of sending a plough ing team to Englnii'l. Mr. Da'oy rxt-lr ' i 1 his reasous for mo\ ' ig iu the mail Jr. Dic ing the last 23 years ho had been couueted with ploughing matches in tho colony, and had seen the progress the implement manu facturers had made in Victor 'a, the colonial makers now producing a plough ie- supeiior to any imported implement. Ho had a'lo watched the improvement in ploughmen, their ploughing being now done with such precision, skill, and accuracy that he felt confident it was superior to the class of work done in either England, Ireland, or Scotland. Almost any class of work done by imported ploughs could be done with the colonial ; but there was a class of work done with the colonial ploughs which could not be done with the imported article. Hia inten tion was to take four native-born ohampion ploughmen, with colonial-made ploughs, to Great Britain ; three to compete, and the fourth as an emergency. He did not intend to plough at the ordinary ploughing matches, but to ask each county to send its cham pions, taking the counties one after the other, and he thought the enterprise would be attended with an expense of about £1,000. Tbe following resolution was carried : — That this meeting recognises the desira bility of sending a team of ploughmen t) Great Britain, and agrees that a deputation, cono'itT'igoEMr. Henderson, Mr. Snvley, and Mr. M'Lean with the picsident of tho shire aud Mr. Levien, be appointed to wait upon the Minister of Lands and Agrionlture, to lay the matter forcibly before him with a view of inducing the Government to grant a subsidy, and also that the secretary be instructed to write to numerous gentlemen in the colony who have identfied themselves with agri cultural interests to accompany the deputa tion. ' FtTLMLMBNT OV SCElPTURAt PfiOPHEOI1. —In alluding to the Emtern .Question, the JJanner of Israel writes: — 'There is still another aspect of this matter which demands our attention, and it is connected with nothing less than the probable future pro tectorate by the Brtish of the land of Egypt. It has come to this. Men were lately freely writing and talking of the annexation by this country— the omnivorous British — of the whole land of the Pharaohs ; of the transfer of the suzerainty of Egypt from the Port to the little Islands of the West. When this last occurs, and occur it must ere long, then will some to pass what God foretold by the mouth of His servant Isaiah (xix., 20), 714 years before Christ, namely, that he would send that oppressed land, its Fellahinand down- trodden peasantry and people'asaviour and a treat one, aud he will deliver them.1' How wonderfully are allthings working, and working rapidly, too, for the fulfilment of God's promises to His people Israel. He said, 'The kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kindom nnder the whole huaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kindom is an everlasting k'ugdoin, and all dominions shall serre and obey Wm' (Dan. \ii., 27) Ami, 1o, not only is South Africa subdued uador tho British Israelite — the last Trans vaal acquisition being a territory as large as France ; but now the universal expectation seems to point, as a foregone conclusion, not only to the occupation by the British of the Suez Canal, but also as bringing in its train the subjection to our rule of the whole of TjO«-er Egypt, Tpliich itself is the 'gate' of Ceutral Africa, This Africa, attacked ui'lae north, the south, the cant, and tho west, is their already acquired possessions ; invaded besides by thoir m;suc-naries, tucir explorers, and their merohants, Africa, we saj , seems on the point of yielding itself entirely to British or Iraelitish demiuation— a ' posses, sion' which is of itself magnificent in its ex tent, and should, when acquired, suffice, without other evidence, to satisfy the sceptic that this nation is none other than 'the saints who are to inherit the earth,' ' God's people,' the ' Lost Ten Tribes of Israel.' , Fob Affeakakce Saks.— When will women become sensible, and give up once and for ever the monstrously absirdand per nicious habit of tight-lacing ? Could they bnt see themselves as others see them, so horrified would they be that to- morrow the custom would be abandoned. Warnings are ever and anon being fe.ren of the risk incurred, and yet the danger is played with. Discussing the ques tion, the Lancet speaks out in unmeasured terms, and says; — We are not greatly in terested to impress tho minds of beings so un reasoning and unreasonable as those who re sort to this artifice in the faoe of all that has been done to warn the public Perhaps the recent death from ti^ht-lacing, in which tho heart was fonnd to be so impeded in its action as to render life impracticable, may have some deterrent effect ; but we doubt it. Fashion will prevail, and wasp-lik« waists will be cultivated in defiance of nature and art. The flat-headed Indians compress their heads; bnt they allow for a compensating expavrion in one direction while they restrain in another. It is still open to the fashion loving women of England to try the experi ment of enclosing the heads of female chil dren rn rigid caps when yorng; albeit there can be no need to adopt artificial measures for the repression of feminine brains.' A Skeleton Confessob. — Going the rounds at present is an insti uotive stoiy which shows how some young ladies played a practical joke on a young medical student, and soon wished that they had not hit on so brilliant a notion. A number of young people were staying in a house together, and having exhausted i '1 the familiar jokes, they conceived a novel idea. They would i aw with phospoms, oj the wall of the student's bedroom, a skeleton of hideous mien ; when he had put out hh caudle the thing would glitter, he would shriek, end that weald be where the laughter would come in. Daring the ever 'ng upon w) 'oh the scheme was put into execution they talked much of ghosts, and casually observed that of coarse the old legcud about a skeleton 'i the house was ab surd, [thai been said to hanut bis room particularly, bat no doubt he had no fear of skeleton i He protested that he had not the lo.^t, that ho shor'rt like a skeleton to play wliliiftud cr.ly hoped that it it came it would not hurry off aga'n ; but those protestations were uot conr'deiv.l worth much, and vrlion bedtime arrived and. the student hvi njpxei, the rest of the party followed r-'m, and waited an xionsly at the door. The light was presently put out ; the skeleton beg-ui to gleam, and above his head the student saw the legend w.li'.en, 'Corfessyou's'ns.' The Nuo York Times sun' tell the rest of the stoiy ; — 'He ultjred a ye' of the most terrible, and, to the young people ouh'de of his door, de'ghtful description. Then the wicked young student began, -n a loud tone of voice, bis confession. He confess 1 that on Wednesday night ha had kissed M'-s Mary Brown in the library ; but he urged upon the ghost, as an extraordinary circum stance, the fact that the young lidy had virtually requested him to do so, ?? id that he did not see his way clear to refuse. ' Then he confessed that he had promised to mairy Miss Carrie Brown, and that he had broken his promise. StiU he claimed that he would not have been thus faithless had he not seen her in affectionate conversation with a young broker whom he named, aud bad she not subsequently admitted that she had pro mised to marry that 'addle-pated youtV as she accurately described bun. Also, the student, who is undoubtedly a lineal des cendant of Ananias, further confessed that he meant no harm when ha kissed Miss Kate in the vestibule of the churoh on Christmas morning, and that he would never do so again. Ey this time the young people outside of the door hadfled. Thethree young ladies whose names had been mentioned in tbe medical students confession wept indignant tears, and protested that the 'wretch' Hew that he was teVing stores ; while the other young ladies saidthey hoped that such was the case, but that he d-d Beam very earnest and sincere in what he said.' The party at breakfast next morning was gloomy, no reference was made to the subject, and no skeletons have since appeared to the young student.— Sporting and Dramatic News. 