DISTRICT NEWS. [FBOM ODE VABIOUS COBBESPOÍÍDBÍJTS.] 81NGLËTOM. PÀTBICK'S PLAINS JOCKEY CLUB.-A meet- ing of this club took place on Saturday even- ing, Mr. J. W. W. Campbell in the chair. The secretary (Mr. John Wilson) read a letter from the Commissioner for Railways, granting cheap excursion fareB on the G-. N. Ballway for the Singleton Races ; from the managers of the A. J. Stock Bank, the Com- mercial Bank, and several storekeepers in the town, re closing of their respective establish- ments on the race days ; from Mr. Kerrigan, purchaser of one of the booths, complaining of another purchaser not having erected his . booth according to plan submitted at sale. A good deal of conversational discussion took S lace on the laBt letter, and it was eventually ecided to leave the matter until Monday morning on inspection of the locality. The tender of the Singleton Band to play during the races for the sum of £6 was accepted. Singleton, 18th Sept., 1880. DGN60G. In last Tuesday's Mercury your Paterson correspondent gives two reasons why Pater- son should bo appointed the place of nomination for the new electorate of Dur- ham. Pirst, he says, because the old county of Durham, " in days gone by," have sent able men to Parliament. Secondly, because the Paterson electorate remains intact, while only a portion of the Williams has been added to it. But the new Electoral Bill has been framed to remedy the abuses of " Days gone by." , What the bill aims at is the greatest good of the greatest number, and what the question resolves itself into is the convenience of the majority of the electors. ITow,J;he portion of the Williams that has been added to the Paterson contains 9^á electors, while the " intact" Paterson elec- torate numbers 552 only ; and, moreover, Dungog is situated in the very centre of the 92é voters of the Williams. 'The following table of distances of the most populous places of the new electorate will show the outrageous absurdity of making Paterson the chief centre of the electorate. .Hiles. Miles. Wangat to Dungog .JSO to Paterson. 41 Underbank to Dungog. IB to Paterson ..........t... 37 Bandon Grove toTJungog.. 8 to Paterson . 29 Brookfield to Dungog . 8 to Paterson . 14 Clarence Town to Dungog... 14 to Paterson. 21 And what is more, the different pollingplaces at Gresford and Eccleston, and Lewinsbrook, in the old Paterson electorate, are much nearer Dungog than Paterson. With these incontrovertible facts staring them in the face, the Paterson people cannot have the ghost of a claim to put forward to have their town appointed the chief polling place of the new electorate. There was a petition got up here hurriedly, in which the above facts ought to have been incorporated. But it is to be hoped that this may fall under the eye of the Minister, whose duty it is to advise in this matter. No Minister having a regard for justice and common sense could advise thejjrovernor to proclaim Paterson the place of nomination for this electorate. Dungog, Sept. 17, 1880. COPELAND. The Copeland Mining League Committee convened a public meeting on the 4th inst., at Copeland, for the purpose of making the 'public aware of what steps the committee had taken siÇce their election. T}fe chairman of committee, Mr. Alexander Malcolm/'in opening the business of the «neeting, said the purpose of calling the public meeting was to inform the public what the committee had done, and what they intended doing. They had prepared a petition, and sent it to Mr., Copeland, M.P., for presentation to the' Minister for Mines. But the secretary would make them fully acquainted with the actions of the committee, past and contemplated. Their latest action has been lo prepare a requisition to Mr. Copeland, asking him to become a candidate for this electorate at the next general election. Some of the com- mittee, not more than two, had opposed this action, because, they contended,the committee by taking this step were exceeding their duty. But, he contended, the committee, by not taking such a step, would show an incapacity and negligence in the discharge of their duty. In the face of the third resolution, which was carried at the public meeting held in May last, it was the duty of the committee to take steps to provide for the election of. a tried man to Parliament, whose practical knowledge and intelligence would entitle him to be con- sidered the representative of every industry in this electorate. The mining industry would for the future always exist in this and some of the adjoining electorates. This was an important fact, of which the electors were only now becoming sensible ; and it was the duty of the electors, agriculturists and miners, to combine-to work for this common end and benefit. He was sure the electors of the Gloucester electorate were intelligent, and knew that the prosperity of one in- dustry increased the prosperity of an- other. Now it was for the- ' common benefit of this electorate to send to Parlia- ment an intelligent, honest, practical repre- sentative, and such a one we knew Mr. Copeland- to be (applause) ; and he was sure the Action of this committee, in requisitioning thnt gentleman to become a candidate for this electorate, at the next general election, would be approved of by a large majority of the intelligent electors of this electorate, who were unable to be present at that meeting. He would now invite the secretary to make known the action of this committee since their election, but first he would ask him to read the 3rd resolution he had re- ferred to. The 3rd resolution is as follows : " That gentlemen, with power to add to their number, be requested to act as a committee to prepare a petition to be laid before Par- liament, pointing out the disgraceful defects in the operation of the mining laws, and suggesting remedies for those defects'} andiq take such other steps ás may be deemed' necessary to give effect to the forcing resolutions." The secretary gave a detailed account of the work done by the committee, the chief object of which was the preparation and for- warding of the petition, with 853 signatures, and the requisition, to Mr. Copeland. After some remarks from one or two per- sons,, Mr. Benjamin proposed, and Mr. Peters <eeeoitded,*" That this meeting endorse the action taken by the committee." The motion was put and carried unani- mously amid applause. Several persons came up and signed the requisition, which is as follows : " Copeland, Gloucester Electorate, August, 1880. "To Mr.Henry Copeland, M.L.Ä., Yarraville,new- town, Sydney. " Dear Bir,-We, the undersigned electors of this electorate, respectfully invite you to allow yonraulf to become a candidate for this electorate at the next general election, and we pledge ourselves te use our best endeavours to secure your return.-We are, dear sir, yours respectfully." The requisition, with 132 signatures, haB since been sent to Mr. Copeland. THE PETITION. Copy of petition prepared by the Copeland Mining League Committee, and forwarded to Mr. Copeland, M.L.A., for presentation to the Hon. the Minister for Mines : To the Hon. the Minister far Mines. The petition of the undersigned residente of Cope- land and surrounding district, being directly and indirectly, interested in the mining industry, respectfully sheweth': That in our opinion that portion of the mining law, the leasing system, is unsuited to a healthy and vigorous development of the mining industry, in consequence 1\. Of the length Of time that elapses between an application for a gold lease and the granting or re- fusal thereof, thereby causing a large quantity of good mineral lands to be locked for years before any proapacting or raining work of any kind is done on the land sa applied for, which also causes a mono- poly in unworked gold leases, and a lot of unprin- cipled conduct injurious to the cultivation of honest mining enterprise. 2\. That sometimes, after an applicatien for gold lease is granted, some of the applicants cannot be found, and the lease in consequence is cancelled, even though some other of the applicants are pre- sent and anxious to obtain the lease, thus injuring them ; and the lease when cancelled may be applied for again by any person, and no labour expended on it until the leaBe ia granted, and so on to the end of time. 3\. That after a lease is granted some ef the lestées may at any time fail to fulfil their portion of the conditions^when the leaBe may be cancelled, which is an injury and injustice to the other lessees of the same leaie^ who have and are still desirous of fulfilling their portion of the conditions. 4\. That persona are considered the rightful owners .of a lease though the rent due may not have been 'paid for some years previous, so keeping the land locked up. 5\. The amalgamation of gold leases is not provided for. Amalgamation in many cases would be an ad- vantage and eneouragement in developing deep ledes, and for general economy in mining work. 6.-No provision is made under the leasing law for tunnelling, &c.; 7.-It would be an advantage if the Warden was allowed to hear and decide disputes under the leasing lawn» open court. 8, No holidays are provided for under the leaairik law. « 9\. We would also respectfully point out, that the cancelling of leases for non-observance of the labeur conditions does not enforce those conditions', as the persons whj> take up a lease that has been cancelled seldom perform any labour on the ground until the lease is granted, when it may be re-cancelled and re-pegged, and so on. We respectfully suggest that if the mining law be altered as fpllowe, or in a similar manner, it would effectually remedy our grievances. 1\. Not more than three days after taking posses- sion of a gold lease tbe application should, be made, ugA'the rent and survey fee paid. '"2. Should no objection to an application for a gold lease be made within 14 day» from the date of the ' application, mining operations should commence 21 days after, " or 35 days from the date of the application, with not less than one man for every two acree, or fractional part of two acres, until the lease is granted, when labour should be employed at the rate of not lets than two men for every tw&Wres;, or fractional part of two acres. 3\. All dftoutes in connexion with gold leases should be hmrd a'Bd decided in open court, in a similar manner as is provided by the Mining Board Regulations. 4\. If any person should report a lease, or interest in a lease, for non- observance of the labour conditions, and the charge be proved, tha person who made the charge should be considered the rightfnl owner of the lease or interest cancelled. 5\. When a number of persons are associated in a gold lease, and any of them should fail to fulfil hit portion of the conditions, only euch portion of the lease should be cancelled. 6\. If any person should apply for a lease on land not Crown land, or land exempt from gold-mining purposes, such application should be al the appli- cant's risk. 7\. The amalgamation of gold leases Bhould be tbe same as ordinary quartz claims, but the area should not exceed 25 acres. 8\. Any lease for which the rent has not been paid sixty days after it is due should be considered for- feited. 9\. The same rights for tunnelling, &c;, under the Minina Board Regulations, should extend to gold leases. 10\. Holidays under the leasing law should be the same as under the Mining Board regulations.- Jamet Stanway, Hon. Sec, Copeland Mining League Com- mittee. 353 signatures were attached to the peti- tion. The following is a copy of the reply received. , i Department of Mines, -' . / Sydney, I4;h July, 1880. Sm,-Referring to the petition presented by you on behalf of certain residents at Copeland and the neighbourhood, in which it is asked that some altera- tions therein suggested be made in the Mining Law ; I have the« honour to inform yon that the petition has been carefully considered, and as soon as the Minister is able to propose to Parliament an amend- ment of the law, due attention will be given to the suggestions made.-I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant, HAEBIB WOOD, Under Secretary. Henry Copeland, Esq., M.P., Tarraville, Newtown. Copeland, September 17. IHEBBIWA. POLICE COUBT. (Before Messrs. "W. F. Parker, P.M., and S. B. Balley, J.P.) William Phipps appeared in custody, charged with petty larceny.-James Hassard, on oath, states : I am sergeant of police, sta- tioned at Merriwa ; last night, between the hours of eight and nine o'cloek, a young man named Howe Bpoke to me at the police bar- racks, and reported that a crupper of his had/ been stolen off his saddle which was on his howe, hung up in front of Mr. W. Gal- lagher's Hotel, situated in Bettington-street, Merriwa, further telling me that he believed a man named Phipps had taken said cropper off his1 saddle ; shortly afterwards I went down the' Btreet ; I saw Constable Sydney Brown, and afterwards the prisoner, at Mr. W.1 Gallagher's Hotel; Constable Brown then told me that the stolen crupper had been found attached to a saddle on a horse in the yard ; the prisoner then being in the yard, I brought him to see the said horse saddle, and bridle ; prisoner claimed same as his property, but said the crupper attached did not belong to him, that he was not in the habit of using one ; prosecutor was present when I pointed out the crupper to prisoner ; the prosecutor then gave prisoner in charge for, stealing the crupper in question ; when I took prisoner in custody he Baid in reply to the charge that he knew nothing about the crupper, that he never rode with a crupper on ; I have known the prisoner for a number of years ; he is a resident of the Goulburn River, 25 miles trom here ; he does not bear a good character ; I produce the crupper in question, same ÍB branded AD con]oined ; prosecutor had previously described said crupper to me ; I know the prosecutor, he is a shearer. William Howe, on oath, states : I am a shearer at present working at Mr. Cooper's, Terragong ; I know the prisoner before the court ; I came into town yesterday afternoon about 4 o'clock, and proceeded to Mr. Blax- lands, and returned to town again about 7 p.m. same evening, and called at Mr. W. Gallagher's; my horse was tied up at the front of the hotel ; while having tea, Mr. W. Gallagher came in, and asked me if I had a crupper on my horse, and asked me to come out and see if same was on my saddle ; I went out and found my crupper gone ; the same was on the horse when I hung him up ; I identify the crupper produced as my property ; I recognize same by a brand AD conjoined and marks ; I value the crupper at Is.; I was present last night when the Sergeant pointed out the Bald crupper on prisoner's horse ; the Sergeant then took the crupper off ; I swear that same is my property ; I never lent the said crupper to any person, nor did I authorize any person to take same off my horse. George Thomson, on oath, states : I am a carpenter, residing at Merriwa ; I am working for Mr. W. Gallagher ; I know the prisoner before the court ; laßt night, between seven ind eight o'clock, I was in front of Mr. W. Gallagher's hotel, when a man named Harvey called my attention to the prisoner taking a crupper off a horse hung up alongside ; I theo looked, and I saw the prisoner taking a crupper off a horse, and I saw him put same .on another horse then standing alongside ; I then reported the circumstance to the land- lord of the hotel ; the same horse that I saw the prisoner fix a crupper on shortly after-^ wards walked round to the back yard (he got loose) ; prisoner at this time was in the bar. William Joseph Gallagher, on oath, states : I am a publican, and reside at Merriwa ; I know the prisoner before the court; about eight o'clock last night I was standing in the front of my house when the witness Geo. Thomson reported to me that he had seen the prisoner take a crupper off horse in front of my place ; finding that the horse from which the crupper had been taken off, belonged to a young man named How, then having tea in my house, I went inside, and reported the matter to him. At this stage the prisoner, in answer to the bench, elected to be summarily dealt with, and pleaded not guilty.-The prisoner was convicted, and fined in the sum of 20s, in de- fault of immediate payment to be imprisoned in Merriwa lock-up for 14 days.-The fine , was paid. SMAIL DEBTS COUKT, TUESDAY, 14TH SEPTEMBEB, 1880. (Beiore Messrs. W. F. Parker, P.M., and S. B Balley, J P ) Pearson and Co. v. Wm. Smith ; claim, £3 13s. 9d., for goods sold, &c.; Verdict for amount and costs. E, Gleeson v. Wm. J. Scott ; claim, £10, for damages through defendant's dogs killing a number of lambs. Defendant consented to a verdict for £4 7s. Gd., including costs. Philip Thorley v. John Hozel, £5, amount of dishonored pro. note. Verdict for amount and costs. September 16. NARRABRI. At a meeting held in the court house last Friday, for the purpose of considering the most suitable kind of building for a church, and the site, considerable discussion took place anent the latter subject. The proposal that the building should stand on the ground where the parsonage is now erected was strongly opposed, and the site where the old church used to stand elected. The inconve- niences attendant on the erection of a church on the parsonage ground were demonstrated, but did not seem to influence the faot that an amende could easily be effected by making a gravel path, to commence from where the Wesleyans' terminate, to provide against in- clement weather, at a frivolouB cost. It is true the old site is the most accessible in wet weather ; but what is the use of occupying both allotments. Why not build.on the parsonage site, and dispose of the other at auction sale. If at ever so little it would materially assist in protuberating the fundB. The fact is too patent to be denied that wis- dom in Narrabri must be well scoured before rendered transparent. I quite coincide with the meeting ia having a brick building. Eor a wooden one would be only instilling their money ; it would not stand this hot clime. It devolves upon me, with a feeling of regret, to state that our christian body have not been very liberal in contributing to the funds of the church, only something like £90 have been collected and promised ; which does not evolve those merits which have hitherto been entertained of our citizens. Last Sunday morning the Eev. E. M. Wilson, curate, de- livered a sermon having reference to this state of affairs. He fully propounded his exertions in the matter of a church, and spoke in rather depreciating terms of the moral condition of his people in demurring to lend the neces- sary aid. He endeavoured to point out that it was incumbent upon them, as a religious body, to give freely to this object, and not allow the Catholics or the Wesleyans to over- whelm them in the struggle. We have been enjoying splendid rainy weather since last Tuesday, which is doing wonderfully good work Bince its advent. Grass is beginning to shoot already ; quite a canopy of greenness meets the eye for miles as one surveys the plains and forests. Up to the time of my writing rain ÍB still falling steadily. ' ' ' Wool continues to pass through town daily. N If arrabri, September 16. TAMWORTH. (from the Tamworth News, Sept. 17.) It has been known for some months past that sly grog selling was practised to a con- siderable extent " up the line" beyond Swamp Oak, and at last the police made a raid on nine suspected persons. Of these, two named John Nugent and Michael Callaghan took fright and " cleared out" of the neigh- bourhood. The cases against the others were called on Thursday last, and three of them occupied the Police' Magistrate the greater part of the day. Michael Boland and Pat- rick Hogan were each fined £30, £1 1B pro- fessional costs, and 4s 10d court costs. In the case of John Jacka, the P.M. declined to convict the defendant, as the evidence was hardly satisfactory ; and the case was conse- quently dismissed. The case against Michael O'Connor was postponed to Tuesday next, and those against John Graham, Robert Bailey, and Joseph Reading were also postponed. The principal witnesses for the prosecution were John Henry Hughes and John Henry. Mr. Levien appeared for the defence, and Messrs. Newman and Tribe conducted the case for the Crown. These cases created a great deal of interest, and the Courthouse was thronged throughout the hearing. The two informers were loudly hooted and groaned at directly after leaving the Court, and we hear that it will be unsafe for them to be found "up the line" again. Informing is not a very high-toned kind of work ; but someone must do it, and be protected in doing it. In this neighbourhood, at least, it may fairly be now considered that the long-pre- vailing spell of drought has at least been effectually broken up. Since our last issue, this neighbourhood has been visited by some fine, soaking, warm showers, and already the beneficial effects thereof are visible. The rain, which seems to have been spread over a large area, set in on Wednesday night, and continued, with slight intermissions, up to Thursday evening. We shall, from appear- ances, probably experience a few days of fine weather. The carelessness of some people with reference to fire, is almost incredible. It is not at all an uncommon thing for some folks to leave fires burning in their yards, near to in- flammable buildings of various kinds ; and the wonder is that on some breezy night, half the town is not on fire. Mr. Thos. Hughes, of the Livery Stables, was very nearly suffering in this way. Some stupid body had thrown a lot of hot ashes and embers against the slabs of his shed, which caught fire, some of the slabs being destroyed. It was fortunate that through the rains of yesterday, all the mate- rials were wet, or Mr. Hughes' premises must have been completely burned. It is a marval, even as it is, how his buildings escaped, for there was a great deal of loose dry hay lying about. NEW ENGLAND (Armidale Express, Sept. 17.) Since our last, we have been blessed with a very fine fall of rain. Last Saturday it rained gently for two hours, and on Wednes- day it poured almost all day. The fall, so far, has been the heaviest we have had for many months, and the country already is pre- senting quite a different appearance through it. Yesterday there were indications of more, and we are pleased to see by our different telegrams, received yesterday even- ing, that the fall was general.-When we went to Press last night it was raining steadily. DUBBO. (from the Dubbo Dispatch, Sept. 17.) A correspondent writiug on the 13th Sep- tember, says :-" We have had 85 points of rain, enough to spring the grass. A good deal of wool is lying about for want of carriage. Labour of a useful class is becoming scarce. Dam-makers and fencers are not to be got. I fancy a good boiling down establishment at Dubbo would pay this season when Nthe rail- way is completed, better than sending sheep to be similarly treated in Sydney. PerhapB it is not generally known that over half the sheep that went to Sydney last year were boiled down by the carcase men. The sheep having, as a matter of necessity, lost half their fat while travelling, they, of course, only realised half their value." The requisition in course of signature to Mr. Jennings has been largely signed in Dubbo, Warren, Coonamble, Cannonbar, the Macquarie, Bogan, Talbragar, and other parts of the electorate. We are asked to state that Mr. Jennings intends to comply with the request of the electors, and will, at the com- ing general election, present himself for no other constituency but the Bogan. Mr. W. P. Buchanan, of Warrana, addresses the electors through this issue of the Dispatch. He hopes to meet the electors of Dubbo in a few woeks. Messrs. Cass and Taylor have ad- dressed the electors at Coonamble. Mr. Lewis Mason, storekeeper, of Coonamble, has signified his intention of wooing the sweet voices of the electors. We hear several names mentioned here; but, in the case of one or two of them, we fear the £40 deposit will be an insuperable block. A ROLL OF GBEEN RIBBON.-At a meeting of the Pinance Committee of the City Council, held yesterday (reports Priday'B Herald), Alderman Hordern took occasion to point out that it had come under his notice that a contractor had charged 8s 6d for a 36-yard roll of narrow green ribbon, such as is occa- sionally used for tying up documents, and which he declared was not worth more than 3B 6d. Business was suspended to listen to his denunciation of the attempted overcharge, and to watch the manner in which he mani- pulated the ribbon while he described how a young man had gone to his place of business and informed him of the amount the Council was being aBked to pay for it. He com- plained that the officers of the Council were not doing their work properly by allowing an overcharge to be made, and that the Town-clerk had made some observations/ about the matter "for which he might be thankful his spectacles were not smashed." Alderman J. Young said the subject waB no doubt a serious one, and amidst much merri- ment said that what he objected to in con- nection with the ribbon was its colour, which was a party one. Alderman O'Connor de- nied that green was a party colour. It was, he said, " the emblem of an ancient people still in existence." His Worship the Mayor explained that the young man Alderman Hordern had referred to was sent to that gen- tleman's place of business, at the instance of the Town-clerk, to ascertain the true value of the ribbon. This brought the matter to a somewhat humorous termination, and other | basineas was then proceeded with. 