THE GHOSTLY DIGGER. BY H. J. C. I wish to make a confession. I'm not a believer in ghosts. I never saw one. Yet there's a circumstance happened in my life that I can't explain—try my best. I'm not a learned man, though I was taught the three R's, and have read a good deal, especially since I've been digging. If I had been taught the classics and the sciences perhaps I might explain it, though I do read that many learned men believe in ghosts and spiritism, and that sort of thing. I was always a dreamy sort of a chap, and even when a boy used to sit about in the bush, dreaming and dreaming, and fancying I could see all sorts of things. Sometimes all of a sudden I would seem to go off in a kind of sleep, and yet be awake all the time. Then I would feel as if I was rushing through the air ; and then all at once I would appear to wake up in some most beautiful place. Trees, unlike I had ever seen; flowers—eh! so beautiful ; grassy banks like velvet; and birds of all colours would be about me. And then I would hear such music. The nearest I ever heard to it was once at the opera in Melbourne. And by- and-by the voices would appear like a little blue cloud (for I could tell the voice was in the cloud), and then the cloud would get larger and larger, and then a little pink spot would appear in the middle, which would grow bigger and bigger, until at last the film would burst, and out would step a most lovely woman, with beautiful blue wings dusted with gold; and then she would sing more sweetly than ever, and I would attempt to move towards her, and she would gently move her hand backwards and forwards, and sing in mournful notes—"Not yet—not yet ;" and as she waved her hands I would fall into a slumber, and awake where I had been sitting before the dream came on. I can't explain this. I once asked a person who believed in spiritism what he thought of it, and he said I was a highly gifted individual, and had been transported to one of the spheres, and that I should cultivate my gift. He wanted me to go with him to Melbourne, and said I might make a fortune, for I should prove a good medium. But I didn't see it. Besides, I thought it was only imagination. I have studied phrenology a bit, and I know I have got the bump of imagination large. And I don't like crowds either. I prefer my little home here on the diggings, with my quiet wife and my garden, and I don't want more. However, as I said, I am going to make a confession about an unseen ghost, and as my wife is fast asleep in bed, and as I don't know how long I shall live, I mean to write it down. It may, perhaps, be of use in solving some problem, or in illustrating some theory—at any rate it is a fact, and when the people get back to the inductive process of reasoning, as I suppose they will some day, facts will be valuable. In the books I read now, somehow facts don't seem to be so much cared about. It seems to me he is thought the cleverest man who can make a science out of nothing—building on the clouds really; while he who is careful in laying a good foundation of realities before he builds his theory, is looked upon as out of date, or common-place. However, this is a touch beyond me, and has nothing to do with my story. In the year 1861 I was digging on Inglewood. It had been a great rush—there must have been fully thirty thousand people there—and a tremendous deal of gold had been got. It had been a wicked place, too, as most big rushes are. There was vice of all sorts, and some murders— more, I fancy, than were ever found out. Well, at that time I was living up at the back of Daly's Hill. Daly's Hill is the highest point of ground that separates Inglewood from the fall to Thompson's Gully. The hills and gullies there- abouts are all covered with thick scrub some eight or nine feet high. At the back of Daly's Hill is a little gully, which runs down a long distance, and then opens out on the Loddon Flats. This gully had been rushed, and a fair lot of gold had been taken out, but the rush was over, and the people had all left. Looking for a place to set to work in, I happened one day to stroll into this gully. I liked the look of it, and I liked the quiet more. Having my pick and shovel and tin dish with me, I set to work, and as the sinking was only three feet, I bottomed a hole that morning. I got a good wash, and, trying some in my dish, was satisfied with the prospect. I left my tools there, and went and fetched my tent. There was a stone chimney that had been left by some of the diggers, and against this I fixed my tent, being glad of it, as the days were getting cold, and as I like a fire to sit and read by at night. I seldom saw any one. There was one man, however, used to come over of an evening sometimes, and have a chat. He didn't know much, but he always had a lot of news, and he was called the " walking newspaper." The name fitted him so far as I was concerned, for he seemed to know every one and everything about the place. He was a short chunky man, pretty fat, with a round face, merry black eyes, and a curly black head. I think I see him now, as he used to sit on the opposite side of the fire on an empty gin case, with his hands on his knees, and his eyes sparkling as he told me what he thought a titbit of scandal. One evening he came over to me, but was more thoughtful than I had ever seen him. Try his best he could not tell a bit of news through, but would break off in the middle— sigh—and look into the fire for five minutes at a time. I did not take much notice of him at first; but presently I observed his manner, yet although I wondered at it, I didn't say anything. Presently he said, " Do you know whose chimney this was?" I confessed I didn't. " Well," said he, "it belonged to a tall thin chap with grey hair and hollow cheeks. He always kept to himself, and never spoke more than he could help. He was the prospector of the 'Robbie Burns Reef,' on the other side of the hill. You must have heard how, after the last crashing, he was missed, and, though sought for, never found? No ? Well, that's strange. Why, the police, when he couldn't be found, came and took his traps away from this very chimney. It's pretty well forgotten now, however, though some believe—and I believe too— he was murdered. However, his claim was taken up by Dusty Bob, but not another spec of gold could be got, and Bob was so frightened by noises he heard that he wouldn't work there any more. Other chaps have tried, but they never would go to the north end, for it was there the noises were—like some one working— and every morning they could see where a fresh lot of reel had been knocked down. So every one believed that it was the ghost of the prospector, and wouldn't go near at last. Well, the people went away, and others came, and the story was forgotten again until some children, who used to go over the hill after goats, would bring back tales of the curious knockings they heard, and frightened people very much, though they saw nothing, though red-headed Sal said she saw something white by her fence one night. Well, this set me thinking. Thinks I, perhaps the old buffer knows where the lost lead of gold is to be found, and wants us to find it. Thinking so, as I came here this evening, I thought there would be no harm in going down the workings, and having look. But when I got down (it was just getting dusk), I heard such a tap-tap-tapping of picks and hammers, and such a hollow laugh and a groan, that I cut as quickly as I could, and came here. If there was two hundred ounces to the ton I wouldn't go down again. And now I must go home, and you may as well walk a bit of the way with me." I saw he was afraid, and wanted me to go past the haunted reef, and as I didn't care a bit, I went with him. As we got abreast of the hole, true enough then was the tap-tapping, and the laugh and the groan. On hearing it the " walking newspaper" started at a run, and left me alone. I drew nearer and nearer, and could still hear the noise as plainly as possible. I should think I stayed for an hour, during the whole of which time the ghosts continued working. I then walked home, thinking the matter over. I knew people said that concealed money or gold was often revealed in such ghostly fashion; but I did not believe in ghosts, and so could arrive at no satisfactory conclusion. I must just here say that I had one other friend, an old man, who had been working alongside me at the Back Creek rush. He had a daughter twenty years old, a good-looking quiet girl. I used to sit in their tent of nights, reading the whole time to myself, and never a word said. She liked it. It used to suit her, and so we fell in love, and were engaged to get married, though her father said the marriage should not take place till I had five hundred pounds. Now I did not possess at the time more than that number of pence; but we were in no hurry, and Dora was quite willing to wait until I had a slice of luck, and found either a nugget or a big patch. The day before I heard of the ghost, however, I had heard bad news. The old man had got tired of Inglewood, and was intending to go to the Pyrenees to dig. I couldn't go, for I was getting short, and so Dora and I were in a bad way. Well, I got home from the "Robbie Burns," and sat by my fire with my chin upon my hands thinking and thinking, but could not see how I could help having to part with Dora, and her sorrowful face kept coming up before me, and I believe I cried. All at once I was startled by a tap-tap-tapping at my chimney outside, and then a laugh and a groan like I had heard down the cutting. I started up, frightened at first but then, thinking it might be my late visitor on for a lark, I sat down again—near the door this time—intending, if it was repeated, to pop out and catch him in the act. It came again, the same tapping, laugh, and groan. I was out in a moment. It was clear moon- light—but nothing was to be seen, not a leaf stirred, not a stick cracked. I went round the tent, and dodged back again, thinking to catch the intruder, if he was lurking, but no one was there. Wondering, I re- entered my tent, and almost immediately the knocking, &c.;, was renewed. I sat awe-struck. I was not frightened, for I thought if any hurt was intended, it would have been done to me before. I remembered that it was at the ghost's chimney that the noise was being made, and thought that surely, if it pleased him, he had a right to try the soundness of his own handiwork. I must have sat thus for an hour—the noise returning at intervals—each time more violently, until at last a tap more powerful than any sent the stones flying into my tent. The tapping thenceforth was continuous, until I saw the whole chimney demolished, apparently without hands. I now bethought me that perhaps I was wanted at the "Robbie Burns." At all events I thought I would got and see if the ghosts were at work there too. I took a candle with me to light when I got below. All was quiet at first, but presently I heard a tapping at the north end, but no laugh or groan. I went forward, and the tapping continued. I got quite to the place, and where I heard the knock I knocked in response. My knock was answered. This occurred again and again, until I thought I would try with my pick, and see if I could find what the knocking was about. I turned my pick (for I had been knocking with the hammer end, it being a driving pick), and with a few blows dislodged a large junk of slate. On looking with my candle, I started back with surprise—there in a snug little pocket lay a lot of gold and quartz. Now I guessed what the ghost meant. I returned to my tent for a bag (not heeding the wind, for it was blowing a gale now), and coming back soon, had the whole of the treasure in my possession. I returned to my tent now a contented man, and in the morning found that there was gold enough to raise the five hundred pounds required. As a result, I married Dora, and we drifted to this place, and I have been always thankful to the ghost, though still a doubter, and though still unable to explain the mystery. 