AEISTOCEAOY AND PEOPLE. (Pall Mall Gazette.J Thebk is something profoundly displeasing to a certain claaa of minda in that growth of the power of tho people whioh is the moBt remarkable feature in the political history of the nineteenth century. To them it signifies only that ignorance iB treading off the heola of knowledge, that tho folly of the many is over mastering the wiBdoin of the few. That the weitare ot a nation is the chief consideration will be admitted ; but this cannot be attained by the present route.'. Far from it ; we are on the wrong- track, and each step does but take us further, from our right goal. How can society progress, we are asked, when medieority or even sheer downright stupidity rules the roast, and the one idea is to paas measures which shall aocord with the views of the majority of mankind ? That must be wrong. What can tho majority havu to say in the matter. ? Mostly fools, they had far better go on cutting bread and, hunter with as good a knife as they can get,, and[ leave tho question as to how thoy are to come by bo much or so little of it to the consideration of their superiors. For that any one should suppose that ordinary, common Englishmen can progreeB sufficiently to form a sound judg ment on any question whatsoever argues in him an incapacity to appreciate plain feet. The proper positition of the democracy is to be con trolled by the upper class ; they are to do their duty in that state of life, and so forth, as in the days when slayishness waa the first duty of man. For the upper classes alone have true political intelligence ; they alone possess somo divine faculty of knowing by intuition what must beibest for others ; and they alone are able to throw aside selfishness and by infinite self ? sacrifice; to govern for the greatness and benefit of all. And over and anon, in proof of this political thesis, we are treated to a sort of prose patter-song in which Athenians and Venetians, Roman senators and Amerioan slavedrivers, weave a danco of oligarchic jubilation round Mr. Darwin's theory of the survival of the fittest, while the ghost of a Radical historian ie dragged in as chorus to point the moral of the show. Tho Kofonn Bill of 1832 Bpelled dia oomfituro and humiliation ; that of 1867 repre sented a further plunge into the gulf; Mr. Forster's Education Act was a revolutionary measure; the County Suffrage Bill muat in volve utter ruin, and tho vote which brought about the downfall of the lato Administration is literally and truly the accursed thing. In short, tho palmy days of English history were those when rotten boroughs and sinecures were plenty, when the Prime Minis^ tor tioked off his bribes to honourable membors, and the great landowner looked upon a claim to independence on the part of a hanger-on as worse than high treason. It is therefore aoarcely worth while to reason with suoh stuff as this ; but as its veneer of learning may impose upon some, and its pre tence to philosophy influence others, it may not be. out of place to consider for a moment what is this dangerous democratic movement which we are told is about to sweep away our land marks, and why wa should -feel so much be holden to the aristooratio system which is alone able to maintain on this theory our position in the world. For, in the first place, what do the great bulk of Englishmen owe to our privileged class f No great reform has ever emanated from that body, and forgonorations ithaB produced no great statesmen. . On the contrary, until our own day, when the irresistible Btrength of the people haB been sufficiently organised to make itsplf felt, the House, of Lords has hb a body resisted every reform, and. ..the aristooratio statesmen havo beon precisely those who most injured the community. . They have, neither created the empire nor have they preserved it. All Franklin's effort j to convince them that the real greatneas of the country demanded a dW' consideration for tho colonistB of North America ; all his arguments that a magnificent empire where only the Engliah tongue' would bo spoken might extend from the St. Lawrence to 'tho Gulf of Mexico and from the Atlantic to the Mississippi River— all his eloquence foil upon dull ears. Thoso who listened and those who strove against the madness of the hour were not aristocrats ; they were men of the people, who understood the iasuea that were hidden from the selfishness of men of rank, Aud thus it hns ever been, It is almost suffi cient to name a great orisia m our History, whether foreign or domestic, to Bee at onr e that the class which is supposed to hav-3 done so muoh for England has invariably ranged itself on the wrong side. The oontest against Napo leon himself was Bupported far more from fear ot what might be the result of Frsnch opinions here than becauae the well-being of tho mass of Englishmen was anywixo involved. Two advantages tho aiiatooracy of England hnve poBsesaed whioh' have enabled them to re tain influence to our own time, and may yot enable them to . retain it with benefit to the community. XJnliko France, in England the ohildren of the titled olasses soon mingle again with the people, and thoy hava even shown a oapaoiCy for seleating leaders who should serve them as well as, or before, the country from the other classes. But then Englishmen would never have submitted for a moment to- the in famies of the ancient regimo ; and, unless some skill had been shown in dealing -with thorn, tho whole theory of caste would long sinoe have been submerged. Even if it were hot so— if all that is contended were true, if the aristocrats of the old times were the real patriots — what has that to do with the period we are now in f Within tho lust generation greater ohanges have been wrought in the condition of mankind than in whole ages before. Railways, tele graphs, postal facilities, are the growth of the last thirty or forty years. Aro these not to be1 reckoned with in estimating the sort of govern ment under whioh men can live nowadays P Reading and hearing daily of what is going on, the natural inclination of the people ia as cer tainly towards improvement and progress as that of the higher orders towards stagnation. None love to see the barriers ' which havo mtnerto hedged tbtm in foroibly brokon down.. If there is one. thing more plain than another it is that tho artisans and working classes of our great cities .are determined that some of the inequalities of thoir condition shall in a right and proper manner ba relieved. This is tbo long, aud short of the matter — that, owing, to the regard for rank and presumed intellectual superiority natural to Englishmen, to that uttor want of onvy which is ono of thoir noblest attributes, a great opportunity does still lie before' the class for which the monopoly of political capacity is.iso absurdly claimed. The changes anil reforms which tlieyr could not or, would ridt'inuuqurato aro in the bands of others. Let them now tihpw merely an unxiety, to strengthen measures whioh they could not' bring themselves to deal with, and thus, us they have been ooun»slled by aomo of the ' ablest of those who wish them well, guido the. Etroam that beyond all qestiou they have not the strength to dam back. To cay that English men as a nation aro likely to oppose progress under any ' system ot voting, or to lot thoir empire slip from them, is to bvinco a lamentable ignorance of the character of the race. Our democracies, whether in the United States or our own colonies, have a remarkable faculty of righting their mistakes as well as of holding hard to what is their own. It would be welt for all classes here if the arintocraoy were to take the lead in the inevitable movement in stead of wringing their hands at tho progress of the demooracy, or rejoicing in tbo moro or less direct vilification of thoir own oountrymen. What a fortunate thing it is that wo nro. not sufficiently civilised to hive a Sooiety of Anti quaries in our midst na they have in London. If we had we should, aa euro as fate, have thorn agitating to havo the old buildings now being pulled down in Queen-street Bpared. They would urgo that they should be allowed to re main tip on account of the' interesting uBaooia tions connected with them, and their uncommon architectural features. — ' Town Talk.' 