AFTER M AN Y XEARS. . TJJJB; ^DITOH OF THE." 0;AJEtJ(AMGOWK»: " Haass,"' Sih,-—When after a. few years, absent a, man returns to find ettety thing so, different to. what his. imaginajtioja. has painted, it he. iB greatly disappointed,.it was with feelings of:no ordinary kind that i tonnd, myself in the Vicinity of the Lpddon yesterday mom-. ing after an abscence of some seven years. | A» thefirst hreak of, day I found, myself close, to,, the place where there, ought to. ha?e stood, the homestead ot an oldiftfiqoaif-^ tance,, but where Ii found nothing; Uke a, hou8e, not evetj. the ,ghost ot. t, hp^pe^ I fti the days of you I used. v.elcotnM with, the hearty goodwill of the owQer^ wi with the 6milea and. good, wishes, ot the. nytoph 8 - that inhabited the glace,, but no*?- as I gaep on. the vacant place no, sonnd, of wslcoipb greet amy ear and ewrythipg has an uncheeripg aspecw ; (There jpst as. when : has. Somer. says^ faij; Aurora, daughter of tbe da,wn-with, r^sy liistre shreajoa .the deacy lawn. I came to another homestead: what a change wits here to, for it was ajl; deserted' and, overthrown,, but for the. fiw^ that I seen, a place constructed and that not ao.many years,ago I should bare thought I Lad alighted on soate rums of Twooro three centuries old. , Whilst I nag musing on the instability of humanity and its surroundings. Hoods well-known lines recurred to nij mind. O'er all there lung a doubt, a tear, .1 Ben Be of mystery the spirits dauntily Which said as plain a* whispered intlie ear. The place is hsmtod. I left the ruins and wandered about for two or three hours, and fonnd everywhere the same scenes of decay end forsakenness, BO that I could help -comparing the fate of the desolated barnsteads with my owu, J or mine indeed iisa been a sad one, which, but for occassional gleam of sunshine would have in one sad tennor ran all the days of my life as yet. What the future will bung lorth I know sot, the past has been wretched enough in all truth, and I have now the £ausfaction to know that I bear the brand of a convict, and that my pions mother and godfearing brother have taken the advantage of the fact'to tiy to rob me of my own. 1 remain yours <£c, R.B D. Berkeley, Sept. 1869.—Gentlemen, I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for (he great benefit I have derived by toting Norton'* Camomile Pills. I applied to yonr agent, Mr Bell Berkeley, for the above-named fills for wind in the stomach, from wliioh I suffered excruciating pain fhr a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit fjr all. After taking two bottles of yeur valuable Fills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. PleaBe give this publicity for the benefit to those who may thus be afflicted.—I am, sir, yours truly, HXKBY AIXPABB—To the proprietors of Norton's Camomile Fills. ADVICE TO MOTHERS !—Are you broken in your »st bv » sick child (suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go f t once to tl-e chemist and gkt a bottle of MBB WQWE SOOTHIKO STBtrp. It relieves the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfeotly harmless and pleasant to taste, it pcjduces natural, quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as right as abutton." It B00theB the child it softens the gume, allays all paw, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the bast known remedy fordysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising ijyf.l FUSE GIFTS ! — The Proprietors of Wotfi'« ABOIUTIO SSCHIEDA* SciWAWS, to induce tiio destruction and prevert the improper use »f their wrappers and labels, a.ud thus further, protect t'« Public against fraud andd cptijn, have inclosed in the wrappers or under the label on the quart bottles, since lBt October, 1S78, and continue to inclose nr WEET Tiiuopononr THE XEAE, THKEE £1 OBDtKS which are drawn upon the vndersigneS, and which vill be cashed by thein on presentation. To secure these Gifts, the Public most be carefnl to ask for and accept nothing but the CTANNSB UDOU-BO WntFE's i-CHKiFPe, with our name upon the top ebcl M. Uoss & Co., Wynard Lane, Sydney. 