HE WAS WITH PERRY. I found an oid man at Put- in Bay the other day who knew all about Perry, and who claimed no little share of credit in the great victory. As we sat on a bench in the shade in front of the Bebee House the old man led off with : ' « Yes, I knew Commodore Perry, He and I were boys together, and we loved each other. I might have been a commodore, too, and licked the British, but my tastes all ran to poetry. Perry was a. mighty generous man, and if he were sitting where you .aire, he wouldn't rest until he had asked me to " take something.' I took the hint and asked him if I should bring him a glass of water, but he shook his head in a solemn way and continued : Perry was different from most young men. If he went out to hook melons or peaches he went alone. He didn't seem to care for big watch chains and fine clothes, and he never got mashed on an actress. He didn't assume a freezing dignity, but yet he was a hard man to work up to when you wanted to borrow five dollars. Did you ask me to step over to the Bazaar and take a glass of catawba, or was it the moan of the waves on the shore ?' 1 4 waived ' the question by asking him if he saw the naval battle off the bay. 4 Saw it? Why, I was there!' he indig nantly replie'd. I met the Commodore up at Erie a few days before, and nothing would do but I must take a little trip with him. I re member that he put his arms arofind me Mid j said : " Peleg, my boy, come and sail the briny deep with me, and I'll give you six kinds of I liquor, to drink." That's what he said, sir, and I couldn't refuse him. You didn't ask me to j go over to the Bazaar, did you?' | j didn t. I said that he must be a pretty old citizen to have participated in Perry's fight. 4 Yes, party old,' he sighed. 4 I was 115 years old the 10th of last month. I was say ing to myself the other day that I'd got to quit running odfc nights with the boys. The fight took place over here to the left, just over the wine house on Bass Island, and after it was over we sailed in here and put in the drinks. That's why they caU it Put-in- Bay. I am awful dry about this time o' day.' I offered to pour some water over him to wet him up, but he sweetly declined, and looked across the rolling bay and said : ' When we caught sight of the British fleet off there, the commodore left it to me whether we should run or fight. The odds vere against us, but I wanted to' see a little fun, and so I advised him to pitch in. Just as true as you sit there, if I had said run j our fleet would have skulked away without firing a shot. I never got any credit for it, but I never asked it. An American citizen should receive no praise for doing his duty. That's the kind of a Dutch oven I am. You never drink wine, do you?' I told him I never did except on holidays, and, after he had counted up the weeks to Thanksgiving, he dreamily continued : Perry wanted me to take command of the ship, but I refused. I wanted to be free to do a little shooting on my Own account. As soon as I gave the .word we bore down on the British, and the fight began. Perry was as white as a ghost, and this American nation can never be too thankful .that I was there to brace him up. It was just about as hot day as to-day, and I was just about as dry as I am now. You haven't a dime about you, eh ?' I assured him that I hadn't had a cent in my pocket for six months, and he wipefl away a tear of sympathy and went on : 'I tell you. Smith's hair stood up when he saw us coming down on him.' 4 Smith ?' 4 Yes, Smith, the commander of the British fleet. Guess you never read up on the fight, did you? We didn't give him no chance to buy us off, but slam-banged away as fast as we could load and fire, and you know the result. . When the fight was over, and Perry realised our good fortune, he threw his awna around me and cried like a child. Yes, he cried like a child, and then we took a drink. Couldn't you stand the Bazaar man off for a couple of inebriates ?' I couldn't. I was a stranger, and I lacked cheek. Then I asked him about that famous despatch : 4 We have met the enemy, and they are ours.' 4 All bosji— every word bosh,' he replied 4 1 was the bearer of that despatch myself, and I was leaning on Perry's shoulder when he wrote it. It read as follows : 44 1 have licked Smith out of his boots, and whatever the hearer wants to drink can he charged to my account." That's it, wo: I for word. You -never carry a bottle .with you, eh ?' I gave him my neuralgia remedy, but he threw it after me and hit me in the back after inking one swallow. I don't want to be sus picious of human nature, but yet I believe that old man wasn't exactly what he ought to be. — M. Quad. There is a railroad official residing in Kansas jcity who takes a deep interest in Sunday-schools. Besides superintending a large school, he frequently attends conven tions and institutes in the neighbouring state. Some time since he was called upon to address a convention, and after he sat down a gentleman rose and said, 44 1 would like to ask the colonel a question," 44 Ger- tainly," he replied; "but not 4 colonel,' -if you please." 44 Well, major, then." 44 No, not even a major." 44. Well, captain, then ; you must be a captain." 44 No, sir, not a captain." 44 Well, now, Mr. President, I wish to ask the colonel this question : Don't you live in Missouri ?" 44 Yes, sir." ''And in a house?" "Of ctiursa I do." "With chimneys?" 44 Certainly." 44 How many, please ?" 44 Two, I think." 44 There, Mr. President ; I knew I was right at first. You see, I've lived in. Missouri, and know how it is myself. Over there, sir, if a man has three chimneys on his house, he's a general ; if two, he's a colonel ; if only one, he's a major; and if he lives in a dug-out and has no chimney, he's a captain, anyhow. So you see I was right, after all." Mr. L., a member -of the Northern Circuit, well known for his joking propensities, was, after much persuasion, induced to join the Inns of Court Volunteers. While drilling one day with the 44 Devil's Own," the order was given to 44 double." When 44 halt" was ordered, this gentleman's rear rank man slightly prodded him with his bayonet. Mr. L. threw himself upon the ground and roared for the ambulance, deolaring that he was 44 wownded." His corporal in vain at tempted to sooth him and induce him to regain his legs. His only answer was that he was 44 wownded," and 'he demanded to be carried off in the ambulance. Then up came the captain of the company to see what the hullabaloo was about. To the plaintive request for the ambulance he gave an angry and contemptuous refusal ; whereupon Mr. L., with solemn and virtuous indignation, rose to his feet, threw down his rifle, and thus unburdened his mind : 44 1 came here to play soldiers, and, if you won't play the game properly, I won't play at all." And he marched off amid a roar of sympathising laughter. Modern inventions certainly have a moral tone about them. It was only the other day that a shrewd wife made use of one of them to discover the whereabouts of her husband. He seemed to have a great pressure of busi ness in the evening. When questioned about it, he declared that commerce had revived and that he must be off immediately after dinner. He wanted two hours of perfect quiet at the office to balance his books. TTia wife smiled and slipped a pedometer into his waistcoat pocket. When he returned, she looked at it and found that he had walked just fourteen miles, and then came to the conclusion that he wae a remarkably clever man, for he could balance his books while walking round a billiard-table. 