THE GHOST. -4. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY, Sir,-In your issue of to-day, with a view to put down the ghost nuisance, you suggest that " a number of men attired in female costume should Under correction,! would venture to submit that the personation of the opposite sex is an offence. Moreover, I well remember that some time since a young man was sentenced to six months for so doing. The conduct of the person acting the ghost amounts to on offence in the eye of the law. That he is annoying and terrifying Her Majesty's subjects in self-evident. But he is also circumscribing their liberty ;, for many females and young persons remain in doors after sundown, from dread of his molestations, though they may wish or, indeed, bayo urgent call to go forth, it says very little for the energy or ability of the head of the police, that he should have suffered a vagabond-for such the ghost is in the fullest sense of the word-to outrage public decorum for months, and not yet have brought him to justice. An impunity so long enjoyed must act as a strong and most deplorable temptation to ill-regulated minds and there is now perhaps more than one ghost in the field. If the head of our police does not awake to the gravity of the situation, we shall by and by hear of "offers personation resorted to as a means towards tnNpmmÍ8sion of very serious offences, It is to the possession matter for reflection, that the ghost at Battery was " other "just attempted to pass a handkerchief. ' ft woman's face, What might not be alive "here the victim is physically and mentally parade, b an ovorlna8tor¡"g terror. , I will not trespass, a on ¡»frfgenoe than to remind you that. gg good authority for saying, that witness SELA, oonseqJncfl8 have already followed on so he, Rmtamcd b , various females and young children. -yours, etc. b ' Argyle-street, December 1, 1880. H""J=>. > The circumstances under which the ruby. . s sentenced, and the impersonation assumed to dearly an offence are two different things, and the necessity 1 for even: such a suggestion shows how unreasonable i it is to hold the police guilty of neglect of duty, I %. .*i«<3no ('social I'm. jvi.rj-o.iT /'. > A -21 7s 