? TALIS AND SKETCHES. i ... . ??& ? ;' . THE GILDED CAGE.* ' , . BBD?G THE NEW TITLE OP ;?-' SPLENDID MISERY. . . ? (SoBSTlTCTED AT THE REQUEST OF THE AUTIIOJl), ? '.. -i MISS BRADDON. ? , :. Chapter XXVII.— Ik The Wamho Yeab.— =.'?? V;.' (COSTIKUED.) ?'' '. Sometimes YyvianPenruth thoughthewould go aWayandwaitfordcathinsomedistantland, tended \- 'by strangers, who would be losers when lie died. Bat to leave his wife, to leave his laud, that hind which was to him as a living thing, so fondly had he. watched over its welfare I ?.'....-? ? . . N-V. ho would bo lord of the soil to the last. '. 'God help the estate when Mark owns it !' ho thought. 'He'll ho a careless, landlord. He'll let liis tenants sell tlicir straw-, perhaps, and break up some of their fino old pastures. Arid not (mother aero of tho moor will he redeemed in his lime. Things will standstill, at the best.' : 0 soul-torturing thought, that theso things must go to another, a careless owner, a spend thrift perhaps, who would let the ancestral ee Btaio melt away acre by acre, until tho Penruths ceased to have a namo or place in tho world ! Better, perhaps, to be a beggar and lio down in a '?corner to die, under some dark archway, or in a stranger's porch, and to let the slough of this tired body slip off the immortal soul like a worn out garment, of no more value or account than penury's rags and tatters, than to bo a rich man anchored to the earth by weight of many acres, and. much cattle, houses, money, -and mines. . V How little use I have made of it all !' thought 'Vjrvyan. 'I might have lived as happily on a pound-a week.' \ Ono day his wife Vent into his study to consult iiin- upon some household arrangement, it being ,hcr habit to defer to him in all thiags, and found .him lying on the sofu, inert, with that. cold, dew upon his forehead. '',AVeyou ill, Vyvyan 5' she asked, knceling.by .hiasido. 'Alittlo faint,' ho faltered, hardly able to ? answerhcr. 'It will pass off— presently.' . 'Bet me get yon something; lam sure you are very ill. No, don't Btir.' as ho tried to rieo, and fell back again on the pillow, her face grow ing dim before his clouded sight ; ' I'll ring.' 'No ; don't let the servants see !' ho gasped; Trat abo had rung tho bell. It. was answered by Priscilla's irjestinjablo yidow. . ' I fceg your pardon, ma'am ; but I was passing, and tho bell rang so loud. I was afraid — ' ? ''.Yes, auito right. Mr. Penruth has fainted. Bring somo brandy directly, please, Morris.' ?' ? Tho devoted Morris tripped lightly away, while Barbara knelt by her husband's side, chafing his cold hands, gazing anxiously at his haggard face,.' .;. . . ,/-Ho was not. insensible, but his eyes had a BtraDge sightless look, though the pupilB were un naturally dilated. ? 1-'!?I don't know what it means,' he gasped presently. '_I feel as if I was sinking through thc.sofa— through th» floor; a horrid feeling.' Barbara was holding his clammy Jjands.in her own, which fear made almost as cold. 'She had litilb experience of sickness, and this was co itrango a sickness. ! -Mrs. Morris came back with a fipirit-dccant«r and a glass. Barbara poured some brandy into Ihc.giass, and persuaded Vyvynn to drink it. lie Jiteycd .tier' with a mechanical air, like a sleep walker, and then fell back again into his recum bent position. ' * ? Tho brandy revived him ; a faint color eainc back to his leaden checks, his breathing grew more regular, and tliafc horrible sensation ol'sink 'ng .through the sofa gradually left him. 'Don't mention — to my sister — or any one — Shall have been — ill,' he said to Mis. Morris. '1 shall obey you, of course, sir,' replied tho jridbw, with gravo respect ; ' but do you not ihiik Miss Penruth ought to know? Mrs. * rublishedbyspcciaJaiTWgenicnlswiUithoauthor.: Ml rights rescrvej. Ptnruth is so youiyj ; and inexperienced j and if .there were anything serious in uio attack she might . be at 'ji.iosa h'pw to^j .'act; or what to .suggest.' ? ? ' . ' ' '.. ';''' .'. ' ? ' ? ? ? ? 'Fiddles.lick !'',cja'iiii1i-t-d' yyvyan, testily. 'You talk aa; if I '?naa'a sick baby. I)o you siipp'oso I : don't know how to take cure ol my own Health, woman? I don't want half a. dozen of y'oiur fussy sci fusiing about me. One's enough.' ''? ''..'''.'; ? . '.', Yon ought to sco a doctor, Vyvyan, and im mediately,', said hie wifo, with .gentle insistence. ; 'I am not going to to hauled about, and prodded, and listened to by soinOjijpcctacled hum bug in Savile-rowj' answered^ Yyvyan. 'If there is anything organically wRong with me, no d»ctor li ving can set m'tf V'£nt ' Tcii to one but the cievcrcst of them would make a wrong guess, and shorten my days W his experi'menta. _ Or'at best hi would put me 'oil a rcgiioen ih'at would. ; prolong roy'life for a -year or bo, At tho cost of making it a burden to me: .- If my complaint is only a passing dicordcr.it will, go as it came; without drugs or surgery.' ? , , i . : j 'But, sir,'- pleaded, Mrs: Morris,' for the satisfaction of your frionds.' . .. . ; 'My friends must bo^satisficd with leaving me alone,' said Vyvyan, who. had rallied wonderfully after that glass of.brandy. ' There is absolutely nothing amiss with me. ' I have ridden too much of late; That horse niy brother bought is a tre mendous puller. ' There,- you can- go, Morris; and, remember,' not award to my sister.' Barbara was dismissed soon afterwards, and Vyvyan went about his daily business seeming none tho ;woreo :for iris sudden attack of faint ness. Days passed, and he suffered no recurrence of those strange sensations, that' sudden standing etill of tho clockwork within him, while the world without grew clouded and dim. He began to ttiiik tho indisposition, whatever it was, had passed awayj and that he. should be troubled no more. ?'? ?: ?? '? ? ? ??'-: ' '''' lll\ ' '; '-?? ?'???' 'Indigestion or liver, I daresay,' he said to himself. ' ' ' ?.'?'- ' ;V .' ' v. ?'. Too soon had he rejoiced. ; Just a week after that morning on' -which ' his . wife had surprised him, the fit came on again, Cva minutes after he had taken his morning draught of honest home brewed beer. Ho cat little or nothing for break fast, and was in tho habit of refreshing himself with a draught of beer before he sat down to his lijtter-writing or newspaper-reading. ; He felt the deadly torpor creeping over . him, the dull. lethargic sensation, and remembering how brandy had revived him oil tho last occasion, he 'rushed to the door, 'opened it, and called out, in a voico loud enough to reach the pantry at the end of the passage, . i 'James— Dickson-^somc brandy !'..?' ?Ho came face to face with Didcott, the Camelpt apothecary, who was family doctor at Place, earning from £20 to, £30 a year by occasional attendance on Miss Penruth and the servants. ; ' What the dcuccbrought you hero?' gasped Vyvyan. ?. ?' ? '.,'? , ? , 'He hnd no strensth to stand another minute. but reeled and fell back on the sofa, and lay there like a log. Didcott took, the brandy-bottle and glass quietly from tho servant at the door, and administered a dose. Then ho knelt down by tho sofa and folt Yyvyan's pulse. Startled . by that slow pulse, ho took a stethoscope out of hiB hat, opened tjic Squire's waistcoat, and listened to tho beating of his heart. ' Ib it very Bottom ?' twksd Vyvyan, after a silence that seemed long. '~ --? ' Well, it ib rather serious,' Didcott answered thoughtfully. 'There's tho same fecblo action as in your father's case. It's wonderful how these constitutional peculiarities ? repeat them selves in families.. But don't be alarmed, my dear sir. We 'shall make you all right again: a little care — ' . ; ' I don't want yon to make me right again. I know what yon mean by that. I am to be patched up ; and I am to bo careful how I ride, or walk, or run up-stairs ; or porhaps I am never to do any one of those things, but to sit in my chair like a mummy in a museum, and bo waited upon, .and watched, and pitied, and condoled with. No, thank- you j Didcott ; life on such terms is not worth having. I'll go my own way, and live as I have lived ; and if I am doomed to drop down some day no my father dropped, in this room, 19 years ago, let tho doom come. Your tinkering won't stave it off.' . ' I should like you to have another opinion. Will you go up to London and see — ' 'No ; I have a shrewd idea what ails me, and I know it's beyond cure. Can the cievcrcst man in London put a new heart into my body ? Their scientific jargon would only worry rao. No, Didcott, 1 thall ride my horse and look after my estate to the end, let it come soon or late. It doesn't much matter. How did you happen to bo here this morning T '.' Your sister has been suffering from a relaxed throat ; nothing much, but uko likes jne to look after her. I wan just coming from her morning room. Very retiring person that new maid of hers. Slio always vanishes directly I appear.' 'The widow?' said Vyvyan. 'Yes, uhe's a decent woman enough. Goes quietly about the house, and keeps herself to herself.' ' Shall 1 come and see yon to-morrow 5' 'No. What is the use of our humbugging each other? If you wcro fo send me medicine I shouldn't t-ike it. If you told mo what to do I shouldn't do it. Potter about the house and molly-coddle my sister as much as yon like. But the kindest thing you can do for me is to leave me alone.' . ? ? ' You feel bettor now ?' ' Much better ?'''? 'That brandy revived you. wonderfully, didn't it?' . . -: 'Wonderfully.' , ? ' Then you'd beiter keep' a bottle of brandy in your study, and take a. little, whenever you feel the attack coming on.' '... ., .' I shall, do so. Don't say anything to my sister.'. . ' .'. , .?,-..'-?.!?- - - ..???? ' Of courso not;''; refilled; Mr. Didcott, reser ving to himself tlie'rightfo break his word. Ho told Miss rettrutli 'everything next day, and Miss Pcni-uth'allowod- tlre facts of- tho case to''opzc'out;cradria|lyj' and alniost' unawares, in tho course' of licr.;'oobvcr^aUoi^with' the inestiin al)lo wiiloir. ' liarhturi ynut told; nothing.' '. It' was ier' sister-in-law's particular desire that sho should be kept, in ignorance of her husband'?, peril.. , .. :. ' : ? . ? ? ? ? i \ ?' '..- : 7 i 'Sho isyoung and foolish, and is sure to do something silly,' said Frisciila. ''If 'she were to make a fuss about his health she would worry my poor brother, and it is our first duty to's'parc him all agitation;' ??.'?'..'''. 'That is essential,' replied Mr. Dideott. ?-''?. ; More than a week passed without a recurrence of the attack ; but this titaa Vyvyan entertained lio hope that the malady was of a temporary kind. It would come upon him again, no doubt, after an interval : that dull, slow beating of his heart— tlir«bs that seemed as far apart as mi nute-guns— and the deathlike fainlness that followed. He lived in constant dread of this. - ' I One day he rode further than usual, throngba lonely shelterless countiy, and under a steady i downpour. : Ho camo home late for dinner, wet: tbrtho skinj and' with' a desperate headache.1 Next day he felt, dull and tired, and .stayed- at; home by the fireside, where Barbara keuthim company, and read yesterday's newspaperB'to ' him, and was, in all ways, as dutiful asawife need be. Yet it was pain to him to watch the, fair pale face, with its look of settled sadness, and to knew that the utmost this young wife- of ; his could give him was duty and obedience; Sho ? was more dutiful, moro submissive, than a loving wife would have been. On tho followingday.ho' was prostrate with somo kind of low fever, and ! could no longer refuse to be visited by tho family I doctor. Didcolt came, looked at his tongue, felt : his pulse, and told him that he had caught -a severe cold, a. fact which the' patient himself , knew perfectly well' without tho aid of science,' since he could feel it in every bone of his body. ' ; 'Head's' very hot,' said the surgeon, a fact .also painfully palpable to the iiaticiit. 'I shan't trouble you with much medicine. A saline draught to be taken occasionally, that's all. But you'll want good nursing.' ? .,-??,-;' :. . Priscilla was sitting by tlio big gloomy four- ? post bedstead. Sho had taken possession of her brother iu his illness, and would have turned Barbara out of lha room if sho had dared., 'Of course I shall rnirso him,' exclaimed Mies X UIUU.UJ. . , ..-.. ' I think that is my duly,' said Barbara. ?-'??-? Sho was standing at tho foot of the bed, pale, watchful, subdued. . : 'He had better have one of tlio servants to look after him at night,' said Lidcolt.. 'Some one usod.to sickTnursing.'. ?' : ' 'Then he can have nobody belter thanMorris,' replied Priscilla. ' 'She is adihirable in a sick room. I'm sure her attention to me when I liad my throat in that dreadful . state was beyond all : praise ; bo gentle, so light-handed, so thoughtful. She is accustomed to sickness, poor thing, having nursed her linsband in a lingering complaint.' ' Let mo see her,' said Didcott, '.' and tell her : what she'll have ? to. do. . It ,iB a question of giving nourishment frequently and af regular 'intervals.'. ' ?. :'.'? .'i- '?',?'. -:: ' '. . ' ' '. PrLscilla went in search of her new favorite ;, and when Mr. Didcott left tho sick-room pre sently ho. found Mrs. Morris waiting for him in the dimly-lighted corridor, just outsido Vyvyaii's door.' ?'- ''??.'' ;: :'' ''.'.:''' ']'']?'''.'' -.1 '..' ''.',?' To her he gave his instrhciionsbriofly. The patient was to have n6urishmcntrr*f tjio liglit.^ invalid kind— at intervals during the night.- 'She '. was to Bit up with him all night, ^n'd giv'o him his medicine at regular' ho'ural, 'His wife arid sister would be able to do all that *fas wanied: in' tho day. ' .. ... ' . ?' \'; * .''.'.' Sirs. Morris— who was that miracle, a silent woman—responded only by a respectful cuftsyl .-'?- ' You undersland J' said the do:tor. ' '' 'Yes, sir.' The next day, and the day 'after tnfit, there was little change. If it could to said hopefully that the patient was no worse, it could be said des pondently that ho was no better. 'There has boon no return of the heart-at-. tack?' Didcott asked confidently, bending down to whisper the question. 'Noue.' 'That is good at any rate. Woislial! haro yon downstairs again in a few days. Was your sister's maid properly attentive to you, giving you your beef-tea and your medicine '!' ' 'Yes ; she is a very pleasant person.' ' Those were dull slow days, in which it seemed as if grim old Time were resting oh the handle of his scythe instead of mowing do\vh the hours. How different had the old man's pace been in the sunny garden at Cainb»rwell, whero the light of foot went giddily round upon tho springy turf to the sickly-sweet ' Prima Donna' the languishing ' Elfin ;' or in tho homely little parlor, where two peoplo playod chess and con jugated Hindostance vorbs, and sketched tho plan of a happy future. Then tho longest summer day had been too short for cuch absolute content. Barbara was constant in her nttcndancg upon the invalid. She read to him, the sat and watched him whilo he dozed. She would not bo ousted from her office by Frisciila, who also sat ? in tho sick-room, and would not budge. When the invalid was asleep the two women sat in silence, listening to tho ticking of his big hunt ing watch, which dangled from its stand upon the table by his bed. The firo »f wood and coal burned cheerily in the wide grate, nnd that was the only cheerful thing in the room. On the third afternoon there o.tme a remark able change ; not in the patient, bat in tho weather. A stormy wind swept up from tho sea —a wind that bent tho sturdiest' of tho oaks arid firs as if thoy had been saplings, and tore up yonng plantein the shrubberies, and snapped tho branches of beech and elm, and whirled au tumn's first fallen leaves in darkling gusts across tho lurf, andT rattled the strong leaden casements. The sky was of a livid angry huo, and now and then sharp showers of hail beat against the windows with a startling suddenness. Vyvyan wasaslcccp, and Barbara, was standing by the window watching earth and sky when her maid Gilmore cntcrc.l softly and beckoned to her. She wentout into the corridor. 'If you please, ina'ain,' said Gilmore, ?' there is a man in the servant*' hall — a beggar, 1 think —who wantw to ecc you.' , ' I. can't leave my hivsbanri'H nick-room. You ought to Isno.v that, Gilrnort. Lut Diukson give Mic man any relief- ho wanta,' : ' l 'But ho Vanta particularly to seoyon, ma'am. He was'so pressing that I-didn't like to refuse., Hq sayk'liri'Kas a recommendation from the vicar of St. George's; Camborwell, 'near where you used ; to'live.;*' ?'' ? -? ?'??' ? j V Perhaps I had better come,'' said Barbara. ) .She went' back to Piiscilla, told her of this curious1 siirriraons, and' then went ? down to the servaiits'-hdlli' ': ^CnApigB XXVIII.—' Pan I FoROET— Canst I ? ,i.; ? Tnou FonaKT.' .; Thesprvants'rhall was a room at the end of the house, looking into the stable yard ; a room, little used, . for, (he, servants infinitely preferred tho s,pacip,us old kitchen and its huge fireplace, with the Ten Commandments cut in the panel over tho ebjjmneypiese, its commodious settles, and per vading air of Rabelaisian plenty. '?'?'?? '? -?' ; .;-, The room to which Barbim went was a gloo»y iipartmenf,-. with'panelled: *alls of! dingy 'dmb, ;a; largppak- table, two tall linen-presses that looked li)ce.ton)bst and a miscellaneous collection of in yalj.ijed.cheirs. Hero a firo was rar«ly lighted,' ,'and .the r^pm smelt of damp and mildew. -Thoj rae'jw'in'd^w stared straight into the stable-yard. j TiiiH,aIte™oon; the' Bky unnaturally darkohc.d ,by(tl(q s^)rra, darkening porceptibly with the ap-' preach of^wilight, the room looked its. gloomiest. Tho stranger, v/os standing with hia: face, to the windpw.as Barbara entered, but he turned at tho .sound.of her footfall,' and' came a few steps to wards her,. with his hat in his hand. His hair. was long aiwynkeinpl, and fell over his forehead ; his faco was half covered with, a dark-brewn beard.; his. skin was bronzed to a' coppery dark ness. Hp woro an old frieze overcoat, and a blue bifdscyo. handkerchief was muffled round throat and cars,,. An out-at-clbows wayfarer evidently, weary and. footsore, who kad'eomo to this loiuly; inoorland mansion in sheor despair, hoping from iU very remoteness to find help here. . :7 ??' '. ..' .''He stood ..with his. back to] what, littlo', light there was, in the darkening gray sky;, ho waB roughly arid strangely clad, changed by toil and hanlship, wasted by sickness; yet, with one swift.look of half-scared, half-joyous recognition, Barbara knew him; - ? .,. ?' ?; - , ., ? ' Gcorgo !' sho faltered, planting herself with her back against tho door, as if- she would so have guarded him from the, approach of possible enemies. '0, why did you come; here? Why : ' Because I wanted, to see' you,' he answsred; 'Iwouldhave.coae to you ina, worso place. I j would have gone whoro Orpheus went, and my i Eurydice, should riot havo. slipped through ? my j fingers. .1, would havo, done' what the civilian | Kayanagh did when he passed through the lines | oftheonemy, at thohazard of a horrible death., Why did'I como here? Bec'auso I heard that, though you were rich, you were not happy, and I .wanted, to see for myself the best or the worst that could bo, said of you.' , . , : , . ? j 'Who told you that I was unhappy?'- uho asked.' ';? ? '? -,; ' :- ;'-.'';?' - ???? ' ':'.':? ; 'Sho was troriiblirig a little, yet she lioreherself with an .outw'ard:'calmness,;wJWch^ovokfid-.hcr own wonder. ; . /v.-v'^-^iT'';. ,:'',.i;,; V.': ?-.?:'.' I .-'?' Of- Tiliet'hard stnff ? women must be mnilfl1!'.' Eb»thbught. ...; ; ? \' '.'';?' '''- ' , j ''/Ydnr'fatiior's olerk., I:ract f him in Flect strcetthp day beforo yesterday. 'V/'.. ?; .','., ; ' '. ! /'And' he told. you that I was unhappy?' -r ::. j ;VTca.' ..?:???,': ..?:,,.....?-,.:., ?. --..;v,,r..,;. ,...???,- j 'Ho is a traitor ; falso to my hn'sbaridi false to', me; false ta you; Beware of him !', ! .''lam glad ho deceived ine when ho told me you were- miserable That was- false, was it hotr -.-?-[ ?:. ? ????-- . ???. ??? : ! ' Of course it was false. Why should I; bo miserablo ? :My husband is very good to me. He has booii: all kindness and generosity ever since I married him. My life is not what you call sun shiny, perhaps, except when ray mother and sister, aro with me; hut I get on smoothly enough, and I— am grateful to Providence. And now let us talk of yourself. How is it that you are back in England ?' ' 'I was sent home by the doctors. I was in the hospital at Lucknow for three months. I have been as .near death, as. aman.can reasonably . hope to bo without dying. I mean from disease; other forms of peril are too common to bo. spoken about. I have had a few miraculous escapes, and have done hard service in. my -humble capa city. I ne'v.er thought .to tread English soil again.' '. Sho watched him intently as he spoke, and her pale cheek grew moro pallid, and her eyes grew larger with horror. Even in that dim light she could seo how sorely ho was changed. Ho was tho ghost of that George Loland she had known. Tlio hollon- cheeks, the deeply-sunken eyes, tho premature lines that marked tho Bunburnt brow, all told of tho wreck and ruin wrought by ten long months of such hardship and such privation aa but rarely fall even to a soldier's lot . ' How ill you are looking I' sho faltered. 'That is a fact I cannot deny. I lay in my berth for, tho water part of my jonrncy, and God only knows how they contrived to drag mo through the 'dvcrlaml portion of it. -But here I am — comd out alive from that hell upon earth in which so many nobler men went down. Poor Havelock I' Ah, Barbara, that was a blow ! A man forgols hia littlo self, and little loves and sorrows, when he hears of sucli a calamity as that,' '-. ;?' You were with him?' asked Barbara. 'No i I was not at Lucknow until tho storm ing of tho: city in March last. But every soldier hi India, felt the death pt Havelook as a personal loss. : He was a noble soul.. Nicholson too, and Peel and Gerrard and Adrian Hope. ITio Iliad has not a longer list of heroes.' ' And you have dono good heroic work,' she said,, looking up at him, forgetful of all that was perilous or compromising in her position, . utterly unconsciqns of a pair of sharp feminine eyes which were watching her from the stable yard. Mrs. Morris, rcfrcshel by a comfortable mid day sleep, had come down to the housekeeper's room to make herself a cup of tea, and hearing from Gilmore of Mrs. Pcnruth's visitor , Jiail tripped out to the stable-yard to rooonnottre. There was an old sycamoro growing close bc sido tho window, whoso bulky trunk afforded safe shelter for any Jurling figure. ? : ., : ' '1 have done what Icouldi'-he answered; ''every man did that. Thero was riftt'onp.who shirked danger or feared death. The things that have been dono yonder can nover be undono 7 Iliey will stand as a black spot upon the tablet .ol history for ever. But those infamies have bpen . in somewise' avenged. ' I havo been called blood- .'. thirsty, Barbara, because I ? ordered thoeo Maho-.: . inctan devils out of tho cart and shot them dca-7,, when 1 saw their rescue wa3 inevitable if I did not. Bloodthirsty ! God in heaven ! : Do the men who say such things remember the blood of . the littlo children that was shed iu that accursed - city, tho shame of innocent' women, the agony ofv wives— mothers ?' j ?, ? ' : .' Corac near the window and let mo look at you,' said Barbara tremulously ; 'thoro j'b 80 little light here. Yes, you aro looking dreadfully ill. Yon ought to go home to your people and bo nursed.' ' -?: ?? '?- '????',.???? : ???' ? '? -.- : 'That is what I am going to do. I am going ; houie;to— bo nursed.' »: ,.-:';!,'/'.'; ''.',''!?'; ''I'll' 'iC- 'Vi ; He paused before the last two words'/as if there ? were some other thought in his mind;' j- ???? ; ? . ' Why did you come 'in! this disguis'o? 'It would have b«en better to como '?pcnly. ; 1 have, the right to see an old friend if I like.' .',;.' '[',. '??'', ; 'Unquestionably. That follow Maulford gave ? rao a falso impression. I thought you' were like : a fairy princess in an ogre's castlo, arid that' I ' must disguiBO myself in' order to geta' glhnpee of '; you.' . ?'.-.' -. ,-???. : .:; ' '.: .?';'?'., ..' : :'It was a foolish fanoy4'said Barbara ;' hut' it jloes not matter. Wo have sedn each other. That is .ill you wanted, is it not? Indeed, I 'viiuvi bIJttV JUU OUUIUU ' Hiau \AJ OVU JUU- i^Ulliy after—'-1 - ??. : - ,- .'-. .?-.:,;.. ;;' ;?.-?'. 'After what 5' he asked, as she hesitated. '. 'After ^^having loft my last letter unanswered.' 'What letter? Good heavens! I leave 'a letter of yours unanswered I Did I not watch and : hope for forac reply from you — ^jnst ono littlo lino expressing pity or regret? I know I; had no right to expect it, for I. had. done; my best to make my renunciation irrevocable..' Yolit would; havecoMforted mo to know you were Borry for ine— that the bond between us -was not broken without a mutual pang.' ? :^ . '? Sho looked at him with widely-opcncil eyes. ' 'Do you mean that you never received, my _ letter ?' eho asked ; ' my letter in which il! told; yon that no change in fame or fortimp could riiake any.difference to mo ; that I would bo true ; to you in evils days as well aa good days ; OisA . nothing but the knowledge that you cared' for somebody else would mako me give you up? -^ Do ; . )|ou iiigan to say that rip such lottcr as tfcat .over ' reached you?'.. ' '?'. ...'?..-.''..??'?'. ':,.'''?... f' :ft .. v -.-' 0 Barbara, did you writo that ? Worilityon- . have faced poverty and disgraco for-rny nako?\ How happy such a letter would : have madb me V But it never reached lie.' . ' ' ', , i'.' 'Then I have been, cruelly treated— cruelly »? Fate has been too hard. I wroto to yoiron.iBy,: sick bed — yes, that cruel lettor of yours niadoino; ill— and I gave the answer to my sister to poet :; and I waited and hoped for your reply.' l-thought you would relent, and all would; bo as, . it. ! had - been beibre that irratched summer, night. 'And ?iigi), «1isb no letter cariie, I thought you very, - ?very cruel, and T tried, ta 'harden 'my heart: against you.' - , ' ? .^v ', ? '.And succeeded so well thatin.lcssVthaiv a. year you were a rich man's wife;' said Iicland,; with a touch of bitterness. ' ' ' ' ' ; ', ''?'' ; ; 'I marriod because my marriage .would bead iyantfgeous to my mother,; and it mattored.- little; what I did with my life. You did not want iine.' ?' '?'??'. :' ' T ?'''?''' . .? i ,';Did -not' want you?; 'Ir was; breaking ' my heart for you.' _ ? * \ . '.' You should noyer.. have tried to cancel onr engagement. That promise was; sacred. How: could yon write me such.a letter ?' ?.,,.. , i ' I. was beside myself when I wrote— mad, with ovor-work and bitter disappointment. I thought myself a broken man — ruined, disgraced —and I considered it my duty to sot yon frco from any association with a man upon whom his fellow-men looked coldly.' ' Do you think the evidence of all the world would havo made mo doubt you ? WclV Vovf chose that it should be so, and Fate. - nJado'youi' choice irrevocable. Let us talk no more about iU You have only to thiiik of getting well. But how ar'c you to get hack to Launcestori in this dread ful weather? Your coat is wet,' laying hor liatid lightly on his sleeve ; 'yes, dreadfully wet. You walked here through those hail storms ':' 'Yes, I walked. It was my own choice. I might havo hired a fly at Launcc3ton.' 'You must not walk back. You must get your coat dried, and then you must have my carriage to tako you back.' ' Would that not set people talking ?' ' No doubt it would-. But I must endoro that.' 'No, Barbara. I can go back to the lodgo between tho showers, and wait there for. Uio coach. There is one that passes at seven. I mado inquiries beforo I loft Launceston. Give yonn. self no'trouble about me. Go back to your hus band.' ' Yes, I must go back to him. He is iD, and I have no right to be away from him.' ' I will not detain you any longer. It is some thing to Dave seen you, and to know that you aro not unhappy. You are changed, but not for tho worse. You look older and graver, but' no lets beautiful than in the old days. Good- dye, Bar-, bara. ' ' You must not go away in that wet coat and without: some -kind of refreshment,' said- Bar- bara, going to the door. yiie opened it, rtnd eallcd Gilmore, who camo ijuioldy enough to betoken a certain alertneaa in tl.c household. 'Get this- gentleman's coat dried by tho -kitchen lire, and bring him soing wine,'1 sho said; ? '_..-.- ';'.' ; 