The Ciiy of Merv. (From tlie London Daily Telegraph.) For many years Merv lias been prominent in the Central Asian correspondence between the Foreign Offices of England and Russia, and for two generations has been a point of highest I interest to Anglo-Indian statesmen. Its name has thus become tolerably familiar | to the public ear, but of its actual value, commercial, political, and strategic, only very inadequate estimates are generally current. As a matter of fact, however, the importance of the city of Merv both to England and to India can hai'dly be over-estimated. Not only commercially does it mark the position of junction of the three highways of Central Asia along which all the traffic of that vast region of necessity travels, but politically it marks the point at which the advance of Russia ! first infringes upon the Afghan frontier, j to the injury of England and India, while stragetically Merv gives its pos; sessor an incomparable, and in fact tbe j only base for rapid and effective ; military operations against Persia and Afghanistan. The modern city is a j miserable ghost of the ancient Merv, I tbe acknowledged queen of Central | Asia, tbat, with its million of inhabitants, offered such desperate resistance to enemy after enemy eager to plunderits enormous wealth. ,Nor does the cultivation around it to-day bear any proportion to the great tracts which at one time produced sufficient grain to supply all the caravans of Central Asia, and yet leave enough to feed its own dense population. Merv, nevertheless —the modern to.vn—has to-day an importance to which in the olden days of its splendor it had never attained, for it is the last stronghold of the brave Turkoman tribes, who are themselves the last barrier to the fulfilment of Russia's scheme for dominating Asiatic public opinion and for unseating England from supreme position she now holds in the native mind of all the east. The Turkomans themselves the Tekkehs of Merv, understand to the full the importance of their chief town. Years ago, when they foresaw the advance of Russia, they abandoned their differences with their neighbours the Akhal tribes, aud while they promised w> join the latter to fight the invaders on the threshold, Merv was decided npon as the point for the last joint stand. Guek Teppeh, Tejend, and Merv were the three sites selected for giving battle to the Russians, but it was at Merv that the great and final effort to repel the Cossack wave was to be made. Some twenty pieces of artillery of strange paterns, the spoil of early battles with the Persians aud other neighbours, were duly installed upon the primitive, but not inefficient earthworks of the Merv fort, and within. the last year the Turkomans have considerably increased the strength of tbeir stronghold. In a single day 2,0000 fighting men could concentrate upon this point, and local resources would amply suffice to supply this force, or four times its number, with food for many weeks. The present city stands on lower ground than old Merv, but it possesses in the numerous watercourses that intersect the surrounding fields a means of defence which even in Turcoman hands might pi-ove sufficient to foil an attack. Were these acqneducts allowed to overflow and flood the ground the passage of artillery would be impossible and the cavalry .most dangerous, while the Turcomans, armed with rifles— converted many of them by their own hands from Gld weapons into more improved patterns—and entrenched behind their mud walls, might inflict very serious loss upon the approaching enemy. This enemy they used always to look for from the west, but of late their eyes have turned northward towards the Oxus and Chaijni. Having formerly been under the authority of Khiva, it was natural that they should look in that direction, but more recently gradual fortification of the Oxus by the Russians, and the great strength to which Chaijui was attaining, gave additional and very forcible reasons to their glances of alarm turning to the north. The steamers which I have now been for some years j plying on the Oxus have been | steadily supplying Chaijui the terminal fort, with all the munitions of war and the concentration of troops in its neighbourhood, especially of the light irregular horse which Russia has been so largely raising, threatened Merv with constant danger. Chaijui to such a force is not a week's distance from Merv, and the apprehensions of the Turcomans for their capital are therefore well founded. Once driven from that town they would have but little chance of regaining .possession, for the Russian artillery could in ten days be brought up from Chaijui, and Russian engines would very soon make the city of Merv impregnable by an unskilled enemy. Russia would then be within a fortnight's distance of Herat, and not only nearer by a hundred miles to tbat great fortress than are the English, forces at Kandahar or at Cabul, but the vast resources of transport which the conquest of Merv would place at tbeir disposal would give the Cossacks such an advantage in the race for " the key of Cabul" as would double the difference in distance already in their favor. 