ODDS AND £NDS. Advertisements, to secure insertion in 2he Bcrald on the day on which they are sent , should he to hand not later than ONJB o'c/oci. Mr A. P. Blake, of Mesern Blako and Hi? call, has been appointed a commissioner of the Supreme Court of Queensland, and Mr Wm, Iviggall has also been appointed to act in a similar capacity for N. & Wales. Tha latest Pinafore jnke. An indifforont Ralph Racketraw ia called Sin(g)bad tho Sailor. In a grocers dobt case at the Djctrict Court yesterday, a bill of particular's actually 37 yards long waa presented, tho amount of debt being only L4. Transfusion of blood (says the New York Tribune)) albeit now a quite common medical operation, ia always an iotoieating experiment A tiau FrancUco aurgeon hna recently had a singular. experience in dealing with colored patients. An aged negro was at the point of death, and his life was saved by this operation, about 8oz. of blood heiug taken from his wife's arm. Soou after the operation the patient was enabled to tako Bome brandy and milk in the tinient doses, and ho soon began to mend, and in thrco weeks was quite well aain. But the sequel was the strangest part of tho whole affair. As soon as the husband" had re covertd sufficiently to walk about the house, the woman was taken sick, and finally the same doctor was called again. He visitea the woman, who said her appstita was bad, she could not sleep, and her illness was troubling her so that sho could do nothing but lounge about the house and - neglect her work, The doctor left her, first prescribing a tonicr and directing her to partake of a nourishing food, and then dismissed tbo case from his zniua, supposing that she had recovered under bis prescription A few dayB ago he was again called to visit tbe woman, who received hini in a mysterious manner. Hor form had grown thinner since his laBt visit, and - ho also re» marked the distressed expression of her face. She took him aside, and whispered to him that she could not rest day or night, and that she had found the reason why, "I tell you doctor, it's that blood of mine tho old man is carrying about inside of him ; and, dootor, when that old man comes back, X want you to give me my blood back." The doctor seeing that the woman would not be appeased nnleas he complied with her request, promised to return the next day, first informing her of the dangers of tho operation, and that it was resorted to only in tho most urgent cases. She wduld hear of no explanations, but demanded that the 'operation be gouo through with. It was accordingly done the next day, the doctor taking from the man about half an ounce of blood, and tr&UBfusing; it into the woman's vems. After tho operation the woman brightened up perceptibly, saying. " I'll be . all right now. doctor," And that the operation did prove a success was fully demonstrated by the sick woman, who began work -a few hours afterwards, declaring that the " doctor was a wonderful man, and now that she'd got her own blood bock again Bhe was all right," There is compensation in all things, as Emerson rightly tells us; curses, like chickens, come home to roost ; and you kill my goose I kill your gander. These original thoughts naturally suggested themselves when we read' thfita New Jersevman had burned bis wife to death, Nobody has a word to say for him, but wo timidly call attention to our opening re- marks, and clinch them by observing that most probably the wife talked tho man Into it. It's all very well for Beecher and Ingersoll to tickle tbo Eastern people with the notion of no bell ; that kind of talk don't go down iu this quarter. After a spasmodic existence against hope for a few years, tho Universalists of this city have given up the ghost, and now confess tbe devil and damnation like good Christiana. This is cheering, and gives one strength for tho battle of life. God be praised i rEor, now we are sure of hell- fire, morality is safe. A new kind of crockery, designed to fill the place of earthen ware to some extenthas recently been introduced. a It consists of cotton pulp, or felt, glazed with a composition into which dissolved glass largely enters, It is a durable, elastic materia, possessing neither the great weight nor briltlenesp of earthenware j but it. has yet to undergo the test of ueneral use. " JUear aud forbear," said Rruin, as he ate up hs brother. Wife (repulsing her husband) : "Don't hug me— don't come near me. You emoll of tobacco amoko awfully. " Husband : " I haven't smoked pipe, cigar, or cigarette for a mortal week. It muBt have been from yonr cousin Jobn I caught the smell ; he's smoking: from morning till night." Wife : " Why ! I never noticed it." Outof 910 candidates who presented them selves at the midsummer matriculation examination just held at the London tJni- vyrisity,no fewer than sixtyhreo wero ladies. The number of women candidates at the ex animation Is nearly six times as many as at the January matriculation, the first occasion on which ladies were admitted on an equality with men. 