NEWS OF HIE DAY. \- ' -*- . I .ELSEWHERE wo publish several items of foreign news of importance and interest, received by cable. | The work of pacification at Cabul is said to be pro-1 ccoding satisfactorily and a general amnesty has been ' irranted to all concerned in the íeceut hostilities, oxcopt the leaders of tho lato attacks on tho British forces. , General Gough's force has occupied the citadel, Bala Hissar. Tho health of the Empress of Russia is such as to jrive rise to anxiety on her behalf. From South America , we learn that in addition to their formidablo Chilian enemy, Peru and Bolivia have to contend with internal | troubles. The success of tho Chilians in capturing the Huáscar provoked a popular and military demon- stration at Lima against the Government ; but this passed over. Now wo learn of a crisis in Bolivia, the ally of Peru in the yvar with Chili. Tho President of the Republio had to fly. This crisis is said to bo due to tho ill-success of the Bolivian troops in tho operations against Chili. Prom Capo Town wo learn that the Secretary of tho Boor Committeo has been arrested and committed for trial on a charge of treason against the 'British Government. Is o supplement to the Government Gazelle pub- lished yestorday, it is notified that Mr. Frcdeiu.lt Blaxland, of Cooma, has been appointed to be the first returning-officer of tho new municipality of Cooma. The first election of aldermen is to take placo at the court-houso, Cooma, at noon, on Tuesday, 3rd February next. THE monthly meeting of the Council of the Agri- cultural Society was held at the rooms, yesterday. The chief business was tho consideration of the draft of tho annual report, but as several members wera unable to romain after the transaction of formal business, which occupied sorao time, it was decided to .adjourn to Friday next at 11 o'clock, when the con- sideration of tho report will bo proceeded with, and the question considered whether the annual meeting ibe postponed in consequence of the loth being fixed for the public picnic to thc-ex-Mayor. Ar a meeting of wino and spirit merchants and others, held at the Chamber of Commerce, yesterday afternoon, a deputation was appointed to wait on tho Colonial Treasuior shortly, with a view of protesting against the increased duties proposed by tho new tariff. A full report of tho proceedings at the meeting yvill | be found in another column. THE ratepayers of the suburban municipalities will be shortly called upon to exercise their suffrages in connection with the yearly aldermanio elections. Tho rolls of electors of most of tho municipalities aro announced to be open for inspection, and electors who find their names omitted from them should, if they desire to exerciso their votes, send in claims to have them inserted, on or before the 14th instant. Now, ako, exceptions may bo taken to tho insertion of tho names of persons who are considered to havo no right to vote. Any claims or objections sent in will bo dealt with at Courts of Revision, which aro to bo held between the 21st and 28th days of the present month, and of which the respective mayors aro required to give three days', notice. The elections are fixed by law to take place on the first Tuesday of February next. THE following document has been forwarded to us for publication. Ithas been sent to the clergy of tho Church of England:-"Circular.-To tho clergy of the Diocese of Sydney.- A few years ago a ' circular ' was issued oj tho Eight Rev. Frederic Barker, Lord Bishop of Sydney, condemning my action when assist- ing at a service in a Wesleynn Church in one of tho mburbs ; tho ostensible ground of censuro being that mch an act, if not contrary to law, was opposed to tho, 'rule' of tho diocese. Subsequently tho Very Rev. the Vicar-General, on his Lordship's behalf, censured, mo on similar grounds for having officiated at a marriage in a place not licensed as a church, yet within tasy distance of one; although tho Marriage Act, our only authority for marrying, makes no_limita tion whatever. On the 80th December also, "at the-' Glebe, his lordship himself openly performed both thoi acts above mentioned, and thereby publicly approved my conduct, for ever renouncing any pretence of! 'rule' or law, against a clergyman's liberty to marry, preach, or pray yvherever ho finds it convenient. It« would seem to havo been an obvious justice on the' part of the Bishop, having convinced himself of his mistake, to have himself formally relieved mo of. whatever censure had been wrongly put forth ; but this being omitted, in justico-to myself I circulate the facts among those to whom the now exploded * oircular " was addressed.-ZACHASY BABRY, LL.D"., Incumbent 5t. Matthias', Woollahra.-January 7." As effort has been made during the last few days to assimilate the punishment dealt out to drunkards at the Water Police Court for their first offence with the punishment awarded for first offences of the kind at the Central Police Court. If a man happen to imbibe so much as to get into tho hands of a constable on one side of King-Btreet, and his offence be the first of yvhich he is known to have been guilty, he is taken to the Central Police Court and discharged with a caution. But should he be so unfortunate as to commit his first offence against sobriety on the other side of King Btreet he is taken to tho Water Police Court and fined 5s., with an alternative of two days' imprisonment. This anomaly appearing to some magistrates rather peculiar, a circular was issued calling a meeting of magistrates to consider the subject at the Wator Police Court on Tuesday ; but the attendanco at tho meeting was small, and a motion to make the punishment of drunkards brought up at the Water Police Couit similar to the punishment of those charged at the Central Police Couit did not find a seconder. Ox Monday night a young man, named Little, arrived in Sydney from the country, and yvont for a night's lodging to the Stilling Castle Hotel, Regent street, having in his possession a purso con- taining one £5 note, ono £1 note, £2 10s. in gold, and 9s. 9d. in silver. When he awoke m the morning there was in the room a man, who eaid, " Sleep on, old man," and yvent away. Little, however, arose, dressed, and went out for a walk, but had not been long out when he dis- covered that his purse and money had been abstracted. Ile at once made complaint to the police, and was accompanied to the hotel hy constable Ander- eon, who, assisted by tho landlord, mado search. In the yard they found a purse containing one £5-note one £ 1-note, two sovereigns, and one halt- sovereign' A man was called upon and questioned by Mr. Lucas' the landlord, who found in his pocket 9.=. Gd. in silver, respecting which he mado conflicting statements. He Was given into custody on suspicion of having committed the larceny, was brought before the Benoh yesterday morning, and remanded for further evidence. Constable Anderson found in prisoner's possession a koy, with which ho opened a trunk claimed by him, in yvhich were found a number of keys of very curious constiuction. Littlo speak3 positively as to tho identity of the £5-noto with that lost by him, but would not attempt to swear to the *l-note and the gold and silver money. The whole »mount, however, is singularly near to that lost, boing deficient of only a threoponny-bit. Tho purse in which the money was found, is not tho purse stolen from Little. A MAN named John Arbuckle, 33, was admitted to the Infirmary about half-past 8 a.m. yesterday, suffering from a severe scalp wound and his left arm broken, caused by being thrown from a restive horse at Riverstone. On reaching the Infirmary he was ex- amined by Dr. Vause, who found that the scalp wound contained parasites. Antiseptic precautions were taken, and the patient is now doing well. Charles Loder, 48, a married man, residing in Kent-street, was ad nutted to the Infirmary at 1 o'clock yesterday, suffer uig from injuries to his body, caused bv a bale of yvool falling on him at Flood's wool stores. About 11 o clock yesterday constablo Birch, of Ko. 1 station, found » man named Joseph Coleman lying an Hydo Park, in a fit. The constablo took him to tho Infirmary, whero he was admitted. He stated that ho had arrived from England only a short time since. He appeared to be in a very destitute condition. An old man named Francis Leroux, 70 years of age, and an inmata or the Night Refuge, was found by constable Parr, lying in College-street, complaining of severe pain in tis left hip. He told the constable that he had fallen .down the steps leading into the park, opposite the Uwrnmar Behool. He was taken to tho Infirmary, whoro ho was admitted. The following cases were also treated at the Infirmary yesterday :-Edwin Oroko, 60, of the ship South Atlantic, dislocated MB right shoulder through falling off a landing leading to a boat, which was lying alongside a wharf in "Woolloo- mooloo Bay ; John Robinson, 28, scalp wound, caused by a fall ; John Mathews, 20, wound on right wrist, caused by putting his arm through a pano of glass. "WE loam hy tolegram from Wollongong that on Tues- day ovening a publio complimentary dinner was given, at the Freemasons' Hotel, to Dr. Lyons, who is leaving the district after nino years' residence in it. There wero prosent 80 of our leading citizens, representing all denominations. Mr. P. Mackel occupied the chair, and Mr. G. A. Porter, J.P., the vice-chair. Tho Eev. Hean Flanagan and Messrs. J. Biggor, T, Hale, G. Howlett, G. A. Porter, and others spoke of tho guest of tho evening in laudatory terms as both medical man and citizen, and universal regret was expressed at his' departure. TitK following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for tho week ending January 6, 1880: Admitted, 1 woman, 2 children ; births, 8 ; death, 1 ' infant; discharged, 6 women, 80 children ; remaining, in tho house, 87 women, 162 children; fresh applica- tions for relief, 3 ; provisions distributed, 8S4 loaves bread, 779 lbs. flour, 112 lbs.beof, and small quantities of oatmeal, sago, and sugar ; cases reported by the in- spector, 6 ; case struck off, 1 :-total number relieved, ¿07. A SAB and fatal accident happened yesterday to one of the seamen of H.M.S. Danae, at present lying in Farm Cove. It appeara that deceased, whose name was Richard Chambers, with another seaman, was en- gaged cleaning tho bottom of the Danae, by means of a diving apparatus. Thoy entered the water together about nine o'clock yesterday morning, and immediately sot about their work. After being about two hours under water, deceased's companion, who was working alongside of him, fancied there was something wrong with the apparatus worn by deceased. He at once gave the signal for them to be taken up, which was immediately responded to by those in charge of the apparatus on board the vessel, and on deceased being taken on board it was noticed that the valve or tube at the head of his dress was broken. No sooner waa this discovered than the face glass was smashed to allow o£ him getting air. He was then seen to be unconscious. Medical aid was immedi- ately in attendance, and the exertions made to restore him to consciousness were so far successful that de- ceased spoko words to the efl'eot that he wanted more air. He was thon in a semi- unconscious state, and continued so for some time. Towards the afternoon, however, very unfavourable symptoms manifested themselves, and, notwithstanding that everything that skill and attention could prompt was done for him, the poor fellow died about a quarter-past 2 o'clock. The accident is supposed to have been caused by deceased striking the top of his head dress against tho iron ladder by which he descended into the water, thus breaking the tube, and allowing tho water to get inside the dress and suffocate him. The matter has been re ported to the City Coroner. Deceased is said to have been one of the choir of " Pinafore," at tho Theatre Royal recently. He was 28 years of age, and a married man, leaving a wife and thrco children in Portsmouth, England, to mourn his untimely end. ON Monday, about 6.80 p.m., a cab, No. 488, owned by Mr. Isaac Norris, and driven by Matthew Ward, bolted from the Railway Station, Redfern, and went along the Botany Road at a terrific pace. When coming to Mr. Lane's, Clifton Arms, Waterloo, it ran into a cab driven by Mr. O'Shea, in which Mr. Lane was seated and just about to alight. The force of the collision capsized both cabs, throwing the runaway out on the west side of the road, and Mr. Lane's cab on to the footpath at his own door, the driver being thrown on to the crown of the rood. Both cab3 were injured, and Mr. O'Shea was severely shaken- and received some abrasions. Mr. Lane had the attention of Dr. W. E. Warren immediately, and it was found that he had re- ceived no very serious injury. JAMES TAYLOR, the man who, on Tuesday afternoon, in the Italian Court at the Garden Palace, knocked ovor two statues-?' A Cold Bath," and the beautiful exhibit " Amor and Psyohe," the latter being broken to fragments-was yesterday morning brought up at the Water Police Court on a charge of drunkenness. He was fined in the sum of 5s. Tho loss occasioned by the breaking of the exhibits is estimated at £60. We are informed that the representative of Italy does not see his way clew to recover the value of the des- troyed statues, as the intoxicated man by whom they wero accidentally knocked down is unable to pay a single shilling. He was employed as a cook at Com pagnoni's, and it is stated that when he entered the Exhibition grounds a few minutes before the accident occurred, he was under the influence of liquor, and should not, therefore, have been permitted to pass through the turnstile. AT tho Baptist Church, Bathurat-street, last night, was held the third of tho series of special services in connection with the Evangelical Alliance. The church was filled. The Rev. P. H. Cornford presided, and the Rev. Joseph Barnier delivered the address. The subject, '* Prayer : For the Church of God : that all who rule and teach in the Church, with evangelists and mission- aries in all lands, may be filled with the Holy Ghost ; that beliovers may be strengthened in faith and love, drawn to ouo another, kept in unity and mutual affec- tion, enriched with knowledge and sound doctrine, pre- served from the spirit of the world, and conformed to the blessed God. That those especially who are suffer- ing from infirmity, sickness, anxiety, and losses, and from persecution for Christ's sake, may be comforted and .delivered. Ephes. iv. 11-lo; Ephes. v. 17-20; Rom. xii. 1, 2 ; Coloss. iii. i4-21 ; Phil. ii. 12-10," After whieh several ministers and other gentlemen offered prayer. Arrangements had been made for similar services at the Oddfellows' Hall, Newtown, the Rev. D. Fenwick to preside j at the Wesleyan Church, Burwood, under the presidency of the Rev. - Graham ; and at the Wesleyan Church, Balmain, the Rev. W. Moore to preside. Mr. CHARLES E. HERNE has just finished a water colour drawing of " Govett's Gorge," which he ought to place in the Art Gallery of the Garden Palace. The scene is taken from an elevation just above the " Leap," and consequently the water- fall itself is not seen-one just observes the water as it approaches the fall, and this is to the estreme right of the picture. Nearer to the centre and on the ledge of rock are some figures, and the fore- ground is drawn to the left, where aro a great upright rock, fallen trees, and wild flowers. Down far below ave the deep shadows and interminable tree thickets of the Gorge, and the stream like a silver thread winds round the foot of the hills far away, the walls of rock appear in middlo distance, and the mountains in palo blue complete the background. Mr. Herne has attempted here one of the most arduous effects which the landscapo painter can venturo on-that of adequate representation of depth. It is comparatively easy to depict objects rising above the horizontal lino, but where that is, as in tho present case, placed nearly j three-fourths of the height of the drawing, the diffi- culties are extreme. It is, therefore, no small com- mendation to say that Mr. Herne in this instance- and one of his largest pictures it is-has successfully caught the true treatment of his subject. He gives the idea of depth very happily, and his distance is signally good. There are two, and, without being hypercritical, only two faults that we find in this picture. The first is that the dark foliage in the middle distance has been rather too frequently washed out and painted in, the effeot of which process is a tendenoy to produce flatness or opacity, whereas Nature is nove«' either flat or opaque; the second is a want of that bluish grey atmosphere which almost in- variably attends the view into an abyss. Wo point these matters out, not in any carping or fault-finding spirit, but just bcoause we think that Mr. Herne, in his anxiety for correctness of detail, may have overlooked them. As for this detail, it is worthy of the highest praise. Not a leaf nor a flower in the foreground has escaped notice or loving and careful treatment, while the tree-grouping, complicated as it is, has been worked out with most meritorious labour ; the rooks stand out cloarand sharp, and the figures are judiciously intro- duced. On tho whole, we heartily congratulate Mr. Herne on the result of his pioture, which does him the groatest credit. . THE Coonamble Indtpendent states that "a gentle- man just in from the back country informs us that on his return from Wilcannia to Bogewana he saw the effects of a storm, the like of which he had not seen during his 24 years' residence in this colony. On one of Mr. Tyson's stations on the Cuttaparoo the hail stones had been so heavy that a mulga fortest, about two and a-half miles in extent, was nothing but a forest of bare poles, which on the road down was beautifully green and in full leaf. In fact there wero holes in the ground as if made by sheep in wet weather, and if the storm had passed near a habitation serious results must have occurred. A ciEROYJiAS writes: - "In/your account of the meeting of clergy to consider the 26th clause of the Education Act, you say the resolution to petition against that clause was carried, 'every clergyman present voting in its favour with the exception of two.' Will you kindly allow me to correct this by stating that titree clorgymen spoko against the resolution, and that several others abstained from voting in favour of it, the writer of this being one of them." ABOUT 9 o'clock on Tuesday evening, SOth De- cember (says the Glen Innes Gfita/cZian), the town was convulsed with excitement on its being noised abroad that Mr. S. J. Marshall, an auctioneer and the keeper of a wineshop, had shot his wife. It appears that during the last few days Marshall and his wife have lived on very unenviable terms; and their quarrels, which were frequent, increased in importance and violence during Tuesday afternoon, and towards evening it was evident that the husband was not im- proving matters by having recourse to drink. Some time betweon 8 and 9 o'clock another scene ocouri ed, in the course of which, so the story runs, Marshall informed his wife that he would " put her away before morning." To this threat Mrs. Marshall replied, " Will you ?" Thereupon, Marshall seized a revolver from off the counter, and fired. The couple wore in the bar of their wineshop at the time-Marshall standing behind the counter, and hm wife standing in a doorway, which led into another apartment; while sho was in tho act of turning round the ball struck her on tho forehead. Although not wholly successful in escaping, it was fortunato Mrs. Marshall made the effort to retreat, as, instead of the ball striking her straight, as it would have done had she remained stationary, it struck sideways, entering the cavity of "the temple in this form, and glided towards the opposite sido, therefore tho bullet did not enter deeper than the forehead. When struck tho woman fell to the floor, pressing to her bosom an infant ohild, which she carried in her arms. Marshall instantly rushed from the scene of his horrid work into Groy-streot, exclaiming, " I have shot her ! I have shot her !" He w»3 there met by an officer of the polico force, and he at once surrendered himself. Drs. Clay worth and Deck were soon in attendance, and, after Mrs. Marshall's removal to her bedroom, succeeded in extracting the ball. The wound made, although exceedingly ugly, is by no means dangerous. Marshall was at once removed to the lockup. It is not definitely known whether the revolver came on the counter by accident, or it had been brought there by Marshall, prepared, with the preconceived intention of murdering his wife. Both Marshall and his yvife were very much respected in town, and the former was held in high esteem by the community generally. Marshall was brought up at the Police Court, oharged with the attempted murder of his wife, and remanded. Mrs. Marshall is recovering slowly. AT Burton's Circus on Friday evening, Professor Wom- bola, the well known acrobat, is to take a benefit. Just previous to tho performance there is to bo some sensational doings outside tno circus tent. 