. THE STORY-TKLLEll RALPH MONK. By Miss E. Alan Kelly. (Authoress of "Hampton Court," &e.;) charter XXL "I'd be satisfied if it was stouter;" and Mrs Menzie still regarding the walls doubtfully. " Never mind. mother, as I said before, we are as well oil iu respect 01 a house as our neighbors, except Cliillington Chase ; but let us get on, Jack. That was an ugly hole you made in the paper,"' and Bill sighs as he lingers the ragged edges of the paper. "Have'nt you got a piece left that would patch it up,"' suggests Jack. ' ' I don't like patches 011 the paper ; but 1 suppose we must close that gap somehow. See that you don't make another mess of the same kind," he admonishes. i "Not if I can help it," this conditionally J from Jack. I " Well, well, come in, I want to see ; everything put in its own place, as I know j mother and boss is both in a hurry." j "I'm no' so much in a hurry as I can't , feel that the place is home, till the maister ! has taken up his residence under his ain ' roof," remarked Mrs Menzie, forgetting all j about the walls. j "You are right, mother, it is 110 hotne ; that wants a head," responded Bill, soothingly, andlaying downhishainmerand i chisel 011 a case, exclaimed, " Lors, Jack, j its time we had gone to get some tucker 1 — what say you ?" j " All right," said Jack, obeying 1 "willingly. Bill now turned to Mrs Menzie, saying, "And mother, will you come along with us ; as you are not use to the ways of the place yet, we will take care of the cooking." " You are ae kiud sort o' ae body, Bill,"' remarks Mrs Menzie, as she follows the , two men out to the kitchen. And her estimate of mankind in this instance was quite correct. Bill was the "handy man" about the station, he was butcher, baker, cook, and carpenter by turns, besides making him self exceedingly useful in various other ways. He was known by no other name than the simple cognomen of Bill, so chat if he had died 110 more could have been recorded on the stick stuck at the head of his grave than if he had been the bob-tailed cattle dog. Indeed if Bill had departed this life he might not have been honored by any record, beyond that in the panes of the deputy registrar hook. Poor 15111 ; his imagination never wandered, in thinking of his last-resting place, beyond his blankets and two sheets of bark. Death might overtake him any day ; but sure and certain, lie remitted the surplus of liis earnings to one in England, who could neither work or want, as he always remarked when he posted the hank order, and chuckled gleefully as lie "thought how brown his poor old mother's pot would boil for that bit 01 paper. " Yes, I think you are ac' kind sort o ae' body," repeats Mrs Menzie when she reached the kitchen, and Bill drew forward a circular shaped arm chair, rather curiously constructed out of upright staves. "Now, mother," said he, " this will le comfortable, 1 made it for you when I heard yon were coming. I made it out of a flour barrel, its fine and tight, not a cringe about it." "It was vera tlionghtfu' of you," said she, gazing in pleasure at the neatly-formed elbow chair. " I put up half-a- dozen of the same sore for Mrs- Groom, of the Four Creeks Station. She is a first-rate woman is Mrs Groom, she gave me the little stock-horse, besides keeping me for ever-so-long when one of their bullocks smashed me up against the slaughteryard fence. ' " Kept liini, instead of sending linn to the hospital," puts in Jack, who deems this act shows special and unmistakeable kindheartedness 111 Mrs Groom. And so they talk while engaged in pre paring the nu-al, and Mrs Menzie hearing and seeing much that was interesting and useful. " This is nice tender steak, ' observes Bill, as be stands knife and fork in hand, watching the contents of a well-filled frying pan, " and Jack, yon peel the ouimis — peel a good lot." Mrs Menzie sees Jack take a good Jot of the onious and peel, then shave theui into thin slices, and when the steak was cooked to Bill's liking it was taken out of the pan, and the onions put in the sauce. While this is stewing Mrs Menzie thinks "My, what a staugliis it would gie ae body their death tae make ae meal out o' it." Bill descended to the collar. while Jack stands bv the fire watching the savoury fry. When the latter thought the contents of the pan sufficiently cooked, he stuck a fork into a piece of onion which he transferred to his mouth. It proved rather a hot morsel, though a toothsome one. " "Bill," he calls out. rolling the piece of oniou about in bis mouth, "I tliinic it is done. " All right, Jack, take it off and put it 011 the table'," replied Bill, re-appearing with an armful of requisites, which he dealt out round the table ; now. a plate, a a knife and fork, a spoon, or a piece of bread, all the while keeping his eye rovmg round to see that he got everything. " Now, wait, mother, and we will shift the table up to your cliair. Here, Jack, help mc — easy now, take care that you don e tip the contents of the pas into mother's lap. The legs of this table are all the one length, but, the floor isn't level, that's "what makes the table cogeley. ' 'Wait Bill, and I'll put- a chunk of wood under that leg. and then the consarn will be steadv," said Jack. " That makes it all right, and as there's no fear of it shifting, let me help mother to some steak and " Here Bill pauses spoon in hand, as Mrs Menzie begs him to give her only a very small quantity. " Well," said lie. as he poises a great spoonful of onions, all dripping with sauce (as be thought), temptingly before Mrs Menzie's eyes. " this much can't harm you-" " I dare say, but ijiy stomach is 110 vera settled with jolting up the country." " Yes ; but yen will like it when you taste it," said Jack, handing her a piece of bread. " I did not think it was sae vera good, and I'll thank you for a little more," said Mrs Menzie, as she extends her plate, after having finished, with evident relish, Bill's first help of onion sauce. '1 knew you would like it,' remarks Jack, as I10 "deliberately buttered a slice of bread. , , : Bill nods approvingly, as he watches, with quiet enjoyment, the old woman sitting in an arm cliair, evidently well pleased with his cooking. After this, the work of furnishing pro gressed quickly ; and one afternoon, when it was all set in order, Mrs Menzie stands in the verandah, waiting her master's com ing. The garden in front has been trimmed. The tangled vines have been cut and tacked into a show of order, and instead of nature's playful nrnod, reigned about the whole place, an air of its hav ing been swopt and garnished. ' Ralph and Will tell Mrs Menzie this, as they compliment her 011 the success of her labours. " I'm glad yer pleased, sirs — I can't bear to sec ae place throughother. Its 110 grand or becoming your rank or station ; but I'll promise you to keep it neat and clean." " I should think that is all we shall re quire here," remarks Will, as he un buckles his spurs and places them 011 the mantlepieee Ralph, reclines in an easy cliair, looking pale and thoughtful. This lovely summer day is dying away like a poem. This sweet j southern wind is laden with a balmy j breath, such as northern countries never j know ; blue, southern and cloudless, are j the skies. In the light of this warm southern sun the wind whispered stories strange, charming and subtile. It was as sweet and fair and peaceful a place, as a weary world- worn heart could desire to rest in for evermore. Will stands in the doorway looking one on it all. Ralph sees it and feels it. He is truly thankful. Yet there is something wanting in it, and the sense of this is forced upon him, as even now a.cross this j rich fulness of life there creeps a strange emptiness. | But Ralph Monk is 110 maudlin senti- j meutalist, to sigh and groan over the uuat- I tainable, and to think this world a desert j because one womau's presence and smiles 1 were not for him. A fortnight after Ralph had taken up ; liis residence in his own home, he received | a visit from Conyers. Tiie main object ; of this visit was to inform Ralph and Will i of liis approaching marriage, and invite j the former to be '' best man."' This offer of friendship Ralph politely, but firmly, ; declined. Couyers was grieved at this, as he had set his heart on capturing Ralph for one of his intended sisters-in-law. However, Will proposed to take Ralph's place as best man, and was accepted. " I iutended to have asked one of the Oakes's, but I don't like the eldest ; he served me a shabby trick," said Conyers in explanation. " How enquired Will, as if the end of the sentence had been vested with j sudden interest. " Well, I suppose it is the luck of most of us to get served shabby tricks, in the course of our life, whether we deserve it or not. And I, for one, don't think any less of myself, because one woman turned up lier nose at me." "Of course not,'" comments Will. " But about Oakes ?" " It mc Oa.Ues — this way. I don't care a straw who knows it; and I'll just tell vou how it happened," and speaking slowly as lie looked down at his riding boots, then bending, gave an extra wrinkle to tlie leather at the ankle. He resumed in the same cool way, " Henry Oakes cut my hand out with a young lady who lives across tlie ranges there at Bevislca — many a time I went to Bevislea." He finishes his remarks 111 rather a dole | fill tone, and his eye again travelled back to tlie curves of his 'ooots. Perhaps he still saw there some ef the dust of those journeys — fruitless ones — across the ranges, that he had not yet shook off' " Hum, was that the uut you found so hard to crack," said Will, smiling slightly, " I did not think you leathery-looking colonials were s-« thin skinned." " But I am," replied the other, after a pause, during which time lie had been looking at Will with one eye shut ; "and I could skin him," lie added with, a grind oE his teeth. " Charitable exclaimed Will, tilting his chair and breaking ont into a low whistle. Conyers made a gurgling sound as if the sweet lirtue bad stuck in his throat. "Well, there's one comfort about it lie i lias done more than we out of Miss Hope's j good graces," said Conyers ; and cheered 1 by this grateful remembrance he con- j tinned, "but that's because he has the I best house and more money than any man hereabouts — except old Arkendale — and Oakes is a widower too." " Ah !" said Will,- wagging, his head, those experienced people — those experi enced people, my dear fellow." " Yes, but lie s a Handsome man ; ana sitting up in his cliair, Conyers commences with fresh energy, " he had a wife when I he came to Cliillington Chase : she was a j pale, frightened looking, fair-haired lady — | so fond of Oakes — she used to pace up and down the verandah in the moonlight like I a ghost. She was ill for a long time before she died, and he took her down to Melbourne, where she died. That was about two or three years ago. Since then Oakes has been a hard drinker." " Perhaps lie regretted her," suggested Will. The magnetism of the disjointed tenderness to which Conyers had casually alluded had visibly interested him. " He regretted something," replied Conyers dubiously, as if lie saw beyond the surface ; but observing Will's eyes rest on him with questioning glance he resumed, ' ' likely it was lier piano playing and singing." Will looked across at him as he said this. He evidently did not know any thing more about Oakes as lie was, at the moment, in a mood to have told. With some irony in his tone Will remarks, "that was doubtless the cause of his grief. Is he to make one of tlie wedding party." " Oh yes, both of them are to be there, they are near neighbours of tlie Wilmores, and my intended father-in-law couldn't avoid asking them to come, you see there are four girls iu that house to provide with husbands, as it behoves them to try and be civil to all the single men about — I mean the men who have got a home for a wife — my word Mrs Wilmore won't let her girls have anything to do with single- souled fellows." ' ""And was it for your money, that you were accepted as the future husband of Miss Wilmore 1" "Yes," replies Conyers coolly, there something like a new thought flashes across his face as he adds " it's 110 matter, if I had not my money, I should not have had Mary Wilmore for a wife — that's how I look at it." " Oh it makes all the difference how you look at it." " Yes, I am happy in possession of my possessions," said Conyers smiling, as he rose to go. r " I am half inclined to think, you are right," said Will, rising also. Ralph remains silent. But lie smiles a grim smile at Oonyers's candid avowal. Conyers looks askance at Ralph, as if in viting his opinion, but a cool congratu latory hope for his future happiness are all the words which Ralph speak, as lie says good-eveni "03 and promises, -if -possible to come to his wedding which is to take place three weeks since. Unfortunately, a business engagement prevents Ralph from being present at Mr Wilmorc's on the .morning- of .the wedding day. However, he arrives in time for the dinner and -the dance.- Though lie comes late, his presence is most heartily wel comed by all, and he now finds himself introduced to a considerable number of' plain, homely, but exceedingly good- natured neighbours. j The early dinner but waits for another arrival, Henry Oakes. Presently someone announces his coming. Involuntarily, Ralph glancesinterestedly at the man whom Mrs Wilmore welcomes, j so cordially. He intends to have a quiet look at Oakes, before being introduced to j him. I To be continued. | 