THE STOCK TAX. THE success of the Stratleven shipment of frozen meat is assured. A .market has thns been opened up for the carcases of the surplus live stock of Australia With these facts staring him in the face how any sane man could sit down and write such arrant nonsense about increasing our obnorious and injurious Stock Tax, as appeared in the fiacchu 31drslc --.Es/jivini recently, is one of those perplexing problems which writers, smitten with the protection craze, are continual'y presenting to the world. LORD DTNFDREABT's solution of it, as app ied to his " brother Sam," is the only one we can charitably fall back upon. " Take the following as a specimen of the style of reasoning indulged in by this Solon in political economy :— When " the products of a nation have " to be, literally and strictly speaking, " exported, we are free to admit that " free trade doctrines have much to " recommend them as a selfish expedient "for promoting the prosperity of the exporting nation, but uot necessarily as a fair-play live-and-let-'ive expedient for the promotion of the prosperity of the nations to whom the exports are sent." Thus the seller before he sells should carefully consider whether the transaction is one that will prove beneficial or otherwise to the would-be buyer. How would this principle act .if applied to the Bacchus Mmsh Express? Will the exporting"^—" in the broad meaning of the term"—of snch sophistry as is contained in the article we are referring to pro-note the prosperity of tte'readers to whom such " exports" are sold, or is it merely " a selfish expedient for promoting the prosperity" of the writer ? Daring the. quarter ending 31st December, 1879, notwithstanding the Stock Tax, we imported into; Victoria from New South Wales and Queensland. 11,206 head of cattle, and 90,96 L On this, portion of. our food supply "Victorian artisans and working men. or the consumers, paid taxes to the amount of £'5,075, or at the rate of over ±20,000 per annum. It is sad to think that those " selfish" stockowners in New South Wales and Queensland never considered how much the price of butchers' meat might have: been enhanced to the consumers "in "Victoria— how it -would have tended to develope that '* capacity to buy'' within our own borders " which produces, wealth to the grazier"—if those cattle and sheep had been left to graze on their rans or sent to some , other market. It is pitiful, indeed, that "Victoria, •without'rate interference of" selfish" outsiders,cannot be allawed to .play in peace at the 6illy game of taking money out of one pocket and putting it into another, and fondly imagining that by this simple process she is increasing her wealth. To check this interference, as "new taxes are the order of the day in Victoria," (which, unfortunately, i= quite true) it is proposed that the Stock Tax should be increased BO as to compel those " selfish" -outsiders who insist on bringing fat cattle to onr markets to " amtrihute lo the Victorian revenue !" Ordinary mortals are under the impression that it is the consumer who -pays the taxes imposed upon the articles consumed. In the case of flesh meat, however, it is proposed to change the. natural order of things, and make the producer pay. How this is to be done is ancther of those perplexing problems requiring more light. That the proposal for increasing the Stock Tax should coitae from Bacchus Marsh, the centre of West Bourke, is truly.astound^ ' ing, and that such a proposal should be made just at a time when the. markets of the world appear to have been opened up for the surplus stock of Australia, is still more astounding. However, we can cordially endorse the impotent con, elusion at which the writer of the article arrives, viz., "the graziers in this colony need. not look for much' irelief from a Stock -Tax." : ' Belief to the, Victorian grazier and benefit to the "Victorian ^people, lies in the direction of abolishing rather than .'.'doubling" or increasing Hie Stock Tax, inating Melbourne the Chicago of the South, nsing IVest Bpnrk^ as » grazing paddock^n (connection with- the Melbourne cattle yards, "^nd-.SKffiiig in every possible maniier t o t h e .ampins stociijf New SonJth* /Wales and Queensland-as. MCII jother products, - it 3h* this way farmers and fimsiers vwoiSd benefitted by an in-; •crease of -ihe mwimum price for fat <toct , : -^The »drantages connected with for the pi-eMce • man lie tamed fo ni^dt&iecgw; sod also the shtjjpiofc appliances already established, which, through the suicidal policy we have been pmemng, are fast falling • into disuse. "But instead of sweeping away the Stock Tax, let Mr BESSY, as he threatens to do, " double it for the protection (?) of farmers," and a widely different, state of things will shortly preseni themselves to -view. The export trade, in'meat, and the lain dustries connected therewith will be established in "New South Wales and i Queensland, and from these sources , Melbourne will receive supplies of frozen meat. If through apathy ~r . short-sighted policy such a deplorable result should be brought nbout, ve may ( bid "a long farewelL" to Victoria's ' greatness and prosperity. " j These considerations do not, however,.; appear to trouble the friends of the i Government, who in their blind infatua-, tion are rnther more" anxious to increase j the burdens which -already press so ; heavilv uppn the poorer classes, ^ desirous of promoting the prosperity of the colony by meting out an equal snare ; of justice to nch and poor To say that, the the burden producer of this is tax unreasonable will bear upon and absurd. • At a meeting at Bacchus Marsh on Saturday, the 7th inst., a resolution was sarried affirming, the desirability of increasing the tax to £1 a head on cattle and Is a bead on sheep, on the ground that in consequence of the importation of stock from New South Wales and Queensland the market was in an unsatisfactory state, and " there " was great difficulty in getting rid of "-etoeket-ftll. much less at a remunera- " tii-e price." ' When it is remembered that ever since ihe imposition of the presfrht Stock Tax by the Berry Go- vernment ...the price of stock has gradually decreased, the fact can hardly be attributed to such an impost. One speaker at the meeting in question pointed out that if the tax were increased as proposed the Government ] would be enabled to obtain a revenue from this source alone of £1^8,000, and he "argued that - as the New South Wales Government demanded £100,000 some-time ago to- remove the border duties, this tax would be an easy way of obtaining that sum, while "another speaker urged the necessity of the tax on cattle being increased to £3 a bead, because " the uttermost parts of tbe " continent of Australia "• were being " taken up to breed cattle and sheep, whifch were driven to Melbourne.; and " it was not possible Victorian farmers <; could compete with those' who got " their land for nothing." It is upon such spurious reasoning as this that it is sought to crush out an industry that promises to be, if untramelled, one of the -most, prosperous and beneficial in the colony. THE - ELECTION'S.—The general, elections take place to-day throughout the colony, and the greatest pospible interest is taken in the_ event. For some days past politics, coupled w-itb the merits of the respective candidates seekingihe suffrages of tbe electom.have occupied public conversation and attention. In the Boroughs Mr Menzie-i baa been put forward by the looal Reform League in the interest •if the Ministry, but he has n -t the ghost "f a chance of wresting the seat from Mr Tnunjj, who has so ab'y represented the district in tbe past. Mr Menzies, though a Leaguer, is in favor of a nominee House, not ii'.clndi'vL i" the Government bill, and from whata»i> be learnt !r»m his very .vague and uncertain principles. Tie is undecided about the sixtb.tilaTl.se *»f-thc Government bill. On the Other hand Mr' Young's principles are well-drfineii and reasonable, and cannot be cilled to question in the smallest parti ;ular. An easy victory ia anticipated by Mr Young's friends, unless some trickery is perpetrated at the baUot-b«es, such as was done at Newbam, to defeat and disfranchise' the electors. In the County Mr J. G. Duffy is very strong, and there are grave suspicious that Mr J.. J. Walsh, the Government nominee, will forfeit, his £50, as he did . at Xorth M'-lbo^rne ou the notorious 11th of Jlav, 1877. Notwithstanding the satisfac- : youtlor'lt of affairs, the friends of Mesi Youujr and Duffy are urgently requested to noil early, and then demote what spare time they may have upon their bands to " knocking Berryirim on the' bead-" ' MB. MEXZIES' CASNMMJBE.—A number of people assembled in the Mechanics 1 Institute last night, in the expectation of hearing something new from Mr Menzies, the Ministerial and Reform Iieague candidate for the Kvnetoii Boroughs, who was announced to driver an addrees. Mr James Walsh, ihe. vie* -] 1 ! e-.ident of the League, who occupies the anomalous position of advocating Ministerial views in the Kyneton Boroughs and protiounced Opposition principles in tbe Oountv of Dalhonsie, occupied (he cliair, and requested a patient hearing for the candidatjy whim he introduced iu a few plain and 14 unpootioal" remarks. - Mr*' Menzies went over the old ground, and notwithstanding the numberless opportunities he has had to i:ie:,d his hand and assume some definite co'uiie in pulitics, be still burks important questions and quibbles vrtien he cannot ••scape. On tbe Reform question this ia most prominent. He never so in nch as refrrred to the sixth clause of the bill proposed by the Government, one of the most vital principles of- the measure.' The addivss, if it" can be called such, wa? : ' .iatne, and - spiritless throughout, and ab-ufdlv ridic'nlous"*"into tbe bargain, Mr Meiii- ies said that he was opposed to the j iuimiirratios «f small capitalists and trades- ideto^ but was favourable to the introduction of large caDit*ii.-ia. Now, is it not absurd to ima;;ino large capitalists, say of £-5.000^ £107007. or £20,000. dim jug out to this (Mfany.. 'Tltbero -a despotic Government is Itching'fco have its "hand on the throat of tsjsjta],*' with their families as free immigrants. The proposition is absnfrd. Again, he did not knuw how much duty was charged on ploughs, nor-, did.be venture to tell his bearers' that' notwithstanding this unjust impost, imported ploughs should be sold in M^bourne tjieaporithan thoselnanufactured' in the colony. He wiixed the stock tax up in a most incongruous way with .the railway freight on grain, and said that be was opposed toetockbeingcarried on therailways atsciosx. : As. a matter? of fact, stock pay excessive rates, and is one of the in<«t profitable sources of -revenue in connection with tfy!0railwayfi- The charge for sheep going between. Echuca and' Melbonrne, including tbe tax,"was fronTls Gd to 2s a head, and as this was often a sixth of their valne it can har'djv be eonsidOT-d. too low a .rate. _ A -triik" load iof sheep^from Hynetoo to Melbourne actually costs £2 6a, aud yet-.Mr Menzies says these rates should iic increased. A<raid, tn speaking of" reducing the'eivil service he had the temerity Jo insult the common sense of everyone inth'e'room bv jtating that the *• putchasinir value of wiolpjvis more iiow;jhapit.T«iiv"jensas^rthat'll .^t ouce'ridiculonsana on true. "Bib' m^inpr.iras .Ve'tjy. vr^eVly 4h1r^J>ghaot, iu)7l li»«rd Hr "|Men2ie» jto the en'dwitbout 4n*eviiaj»tu«u '. .. . . . ,; BoiiNO 1 sreuioinsoe. —Soniei mproveroent ismnnifrat-in miiiiog nianers jn tbe <lisBiot,, Tli< Corifia nee Company's yiiid from three' machines for last wcck wai «7or. rouji; sold.- Thisis the iaJ^Mdn^^WSa 1 frnmthlrathe 1 . Tb'eXimfe:. l W«nart'"washed <13 yesterdav, and' obtained 28ox. .for 4ye days. tIn pfogTSfising 'reiy >W ihands It appears that veijijttfejftiSfgerfias bfcen »ir«d Uia. some tmiiayMias will^awrtly ^ h.et wiiii. ' The Weot Peinberi^ have botlamed at SOft. The _ ground „ Is dipping .. _ to the we«t, with a fair prospeetoStba bottom. 