Sydney Amateur Turf cilaRacoe p?moN, IiE Exoollnoy the Right Honorable Lord Augustu0 Loftus, G.O.fl; President, Edword Leo, Esq.; Judge, Mr. W.. Dan gar; Starter, Mr. U. Ronse; Handicapper, or. Soarr Seooroetary, Mr. Clibborn; Clerk of the Corsoe, Mr. Ashworth. These races came off on the Itaudwioe Coerse on Monday. The weather could not have proved more favourable for tbo occosion. Lord 'Loftus, accompanied by Sir Herculees Robinson, arrived on the courso shortly before 1 o'clock in a pair horse phwton. Lady Robmson, anocom panied by Captain and Mrs. St. John and . Loftus, Esq., arrived next in a carriago ild pair. On arriving at the stand, they wore roceived by tho president and com wittoe of the club, and as soon as Sir Hercules alighted lie was most voci-. ferously cheerod by the large number of gentlomen in the saddling paddock, each losirous of giving a hearty welcome. Lady Robinson was also welcomed by tlroe chleers. Lord Loftus appeared hot t fool that any cheer was for lim ifor he did not in any way acknowledge it. As soon as tho iilustrious party appleare' on tho stand they were again cheored by the large crowd assomblad in tihe running ground. Tlie attendance on the course, scorned moro to do honour to the occasion t'hau the racing, and was tlhe largest ever seen on thie Randwick Course aud the purchaser of the gates will realise liandsomely by Ihis venturoe of £280. The grand stand once more was filled, and thie large number of ladies present ri mindod one of the good old days, whbn the turf was patronised by Sir Hercules and his lady. The Pormanent; Band was present, and played on the arrival of their Excolloncics the "National Antlhem," and "lior lho's an Englislineau." Sir .Ierculos was again lustily cheered on leaving tihe course. The trlnr.wely ware so far success. fill in carrying thousands to tihe coursu sitlhout oncoe running oil'tlho line, but thie squoeezing and orushing to retuolrn militated i?icl agleaieit .hli comfort one expected. lile spiortl; rovided for lthe day was good, variod, and eoachL of tihe six events was well contested. The Wolcome ,tattos opened the ball at 1.15 l)unctuldly, aud brought a good field of twelve out of twenty.four oftered. Black SwIau and Othello being scratched, Hils Lordship was made the (favourito, and ho did ,not disappoint his (friends, although he came rather late to tthe front. Th6 time, howover, was not Ivery fast for a six furlongs race. The iJuvenile Stakes introduced a field of tweho oust of sixtoon two-year.olds, and although much was thought of Loftus and Mr. E. Lee's Shipka, nothing was in the race but Flora, who led off from the start. The Corinthian Cup cauoed a good deal of attontion. as the horses woro ridden by members of the various jockey clubs, and in most 'ases the best horses did not comc to the fore at the finish. The Selling Plate was Won by a rank outsider, who, before starting, had every appearano of not having the ghost of a chance. The Steeple. chase had oight startors but only jour finishers; although thrro wero only two mishap, neither of which resulted so. riously; the grand jumper Intrepid carry ing 181bo moro weight than he did on Saturday coming in again a whiner. The Farewell Handicap wound up the day's racing. Zulu, who had the running from the start and a good three lengths' advau tags on ontoring thoe srairght, bolted off the course, and Black Swan with top weight finished cloverly in front. Ionc WELcoME STrAKIES, a handicap of 50 saes for three.year.olds and up wards; second horse 10 soves. Six furlongs. Mr. E. do Mostro's b h HIis Lordship, 5 .ra' 8stlOlbs .. (H-itles) 1 W. Forestor's oh h Lightning, 5 yrs 7st 4lbs ......... (Cornwoll t E. E. Jonos' ohh 800thsayor, 5 yrs 8st 12lbs ... . (Hinks) f Lorton 8st 71b, Valotta 7st 71b,] The Baroness 7st 21h, Carmon Ost 121bs, The Admiral 5st 101be, Bowbell Oat 71b, Otira '1st 41bs, Kelse Ost, Brownlock 6st, also started. * Betting: 4 tolon the field; 4 to 1 lis Lordship, 5 to 1 next. A bad start was effeeted, Lightning and Ohira going away first.. Lightning at the hill had a length of Otira; Baroness, Admiral, Lordship close up. At the bend Lighteing increased his load to three flongths, Otira half a length foro Baroo sess. At the turn home Lightning still had throe lengths from His Lordship, thon Baroness and Soothsayer. Coming to the distanoo His Lordship took a lead ef a eouloe of lengths, and finished com. fortably by a length. Soothsayer came at the finsh, and managed to make a dead heat for seeond with Lightning. uimo, 1 nma n 5.10 sees, The JUvaENLe STAKEs of 60 sovar, for two. yearo-eld; colts 8st, fillies and gold. ings 'st 121bs; the winner of any two*year.old*stakes, not a handioap, to earry 71bs ieualdty. Hal-a.-milo. Ir, R. Skuthorpo's br f Flora (Martinaor) 1 E, Loo's b f Shilka .,, (R. O'Connor) . T. Roberts' a e Exetar (Nicholeso) 8 hE, Loo's Roxburghl, M<'arthy's Donvi, . liarding's Loftus, Kuight's Raymond, Kite's Hesper, F. Wontworth's Mistletoo, 0\. Fagaa's Boroma and Statira, and Betledgo's Monota alsd started. Betting: 2 to 1 Loftus and Mistletoe, 8 to 1 Monota and Flora, 4 to:l Exotor aad Donvi. After throe attempts Flora juimpod off with the lead, and was never lheadede winning by two lengths. A good raoo for eseond honors; Raymond fourth, Mistlo. too fifth, Moneta sixth, Time, 51 8-10 s008, Coanurr~n Cuo'.-A silvar oup value 40 soves, or speclo; for threo.years.old and upwards. WVeltei handicap. To be ridden by members of the S.T.C., A.J.0,, V.tC., or any recognised Amateur Ritacing Olub. One milo and a quartor. :Mr, It Warn's b g Murray, aged, 9ist 71bs TJ.. Ivory, Jun.) 1 J. Thomer' blk h Othollo, 6 yra, 12s.1 Ii1, ,. . (W. Glennister) 2 It, Roso's bo The Adridral, 3 yrs, 10lt 81b .. . ... (W,. Bo~th) 8 The Dean, Bo3douln, Prarlo Bird, Limo. rilc, Bulnor, and Oloon also started. Botting: 1I to 2 Othollo, 4 to 1 Admiral mod Murray, /i to 1 othors. Tihe gentlemon gave a doal of trouble to the ttarter, no foer of fines bolng 'infliotoe, and lot the ninoenway to.only a middling atbrt; Othollo gotting the first aiway. At Cutts' the lot hogan to got into worling olor ; Lhhm'dilc took the load horo, with Ailuneal nd Murray, and Tihe Doen neoxt At thie beak of the coureo Lhnorilk still lced, 11ankoer nxt, Admiral and Murray togothor. Otling' up the hill Limorick led flanker by hnel? a longth, M ,nray and Ahmiral n'oxt, Othello fifth, 1Entorlng the otroight Murray tonic the load, and Othello camie at the ilditaneo and pIamcinl the othora, but not bolng woll ridden could not overo h.el Murray, who won by a good half leugth ; ton oengihm oil' onmo ThoeAdmiral, nh, rio irtd fourth, Doen i1'th, then lanker, Cloon a had last. Trllmoe 2 mhi, 17 sae, 2mid TiiEl BSELLING PAATJ, ,ot 0 sovs; - For ,three.yeari'old - and uplwards.'- The winner to be sold for 100 sovs; 7 lbs .allowed, for :every reduction of. £20 .onL lselling price ddwn to £20'. Ond m ile. '. . . .. . Mi. G. Donnolly's g ~osinsnt, .20,5 yr, i .7Bt ... . ... ... ..(Clark) 1 T. Pickard's'brgiMajor, .£20, yra, 7t2 • . :" . (OCr olcn oll) 2 D. .Molhado's b o Bandalbion, £10, 3 yrs, Or t 5 lbs ... ' (Emswortl) 3' Verdict, Norrara, Esriondo, Liberator, and Whitehght also started. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Verdict, 8 to 1 Bandalbion, 4 to 1 Liberator, Major, and Esmonde, 8 to 1 losinauto. Rosinanto wont away fiom the start, and kept it throughont, winning by two lengths from Major, who made his effort at the distance, beaiting ]Biudalbion for second place by half a length, ton lengths off then came Verdict, Liberator, White. light, and' Esmondo, Narrara finishing thirty lengths to the bad. Time, 1 min 44 4.10 sees. The rider Clark on Itosi·. nanute was fined -£5 and recommotided for disqualification for breaking away. 'THu STEtPLiancnIASE a handicap of GO sove. For three.years-old and up. wards. Second horse 10 sovs.from the prize. Over such course and jumps as the committee shall direct Mr. H. Yoond's h g Intrepid, aged, 12 st * 4 lbs . ... (attyo) 1 P. J. M'Alistor's clh m Mavitana, 6 yrs, 9 st ... ... ... ... ( )hop 2 W. Ginnon's bg Mustang, aged, 9 sa . 5 lbs... .... .... ... (J. Wall) 3 About twvo miles and a haill. Express, ]3ohvar, Harlequin, Lord of the Forest, and Kingfisher also went. Betting: 2 to 1 Intropid, i to 1 Ex press, 4 to 1 Maritana. At tue first fence Harlequin, Maritana, and Bolivia came first; th2e latter, how. ever, caught the top rail and fell; luckily not hurt and able to got up. ''he water jump was then easily cleared, the second fence Harlequin first over, then Maritana, Express, Mainstay; the third fenco, at the back of the course, was cousnlted as befbro, Intrepid lying off fifth ; the lburth and fifth fences the same order was kept. Coming to the trebles, opposite the stand, Intrepid went over first, then Express, Lord of the Forest, Maritana, Mustang. At Oatns' Intrepid and Lord of Forest were two lengths in front of Maritana and Express, then came Harlequin and Mus. talg. Express was getting forn ard at the nextlfence when he foll, and Chilfney laid for some time on the ground. It was learnt that no bones wore broken. At the back of the course Lord. of Forest led before Intrepid, Mustang and Maritana togother. At the trainers'jump Maritana lod, Intrepid, Lord of Forest, and Mustang together. At the distance jump, Intropid led over a length from Maritana, and Cunningham increased his lead another length; 12 lengths off came Mnstang and 10 more Lord of the Forest, 100 yards off Kingfisher, 100 more Harlequin. Time, 4 mins. 50 sees. THil. FARInWEaL 1-lANDmOAP, of 00 sove. For three.years.old and upwards. Second horse 10 soves. The winner of a handicap after dcc.aratioh of weights to carry 101bs penalty. One mile and three furlongs. Mr. J. Mayo's bl in Ilaoek Swan, U yrs, set (Hiiiks) 1 G.Loo's br n Nellie, 4 yrs, 7st 81bs ... (It. O'Connor) 2 E. Terry's br h The Dean, 6 yrs, Oet S 10ibs ... .... ... (Williamnson) 3 Mas'ter Avenal, Chesterfield, Oakhill, llotrospset, Lightning, Joster, itosinanto, and Garry Owen alsp started. Betting: 2 to 1 Black Swan, 4 to 1 Chesterfield, Avonal, Oakhill, 5 to 1 v. Nellie. Jester, Garry Owon,.Oakhill, IRetros poet, were first.past the stand ; at Coutts' Jester had three lengths the advantage of Dean, half a length Lightning and Garry Owen. At the back of the course, Jester a length, then Lightning throe lengths, Retrospect, Dean, Black Swan; Trainers' Stand, Jester still leading a length, and Retrospeot fell back last. Dean and Chesterfield came together round the turn for home. Jester who.had three lengths, bolted off the course, leaving the load to Rosinante, Avenal, and Black Swan. The latter came a thio distance, Nollie within half.a.length, and the pair raced to the finish, the Swan just keeping the same distance by the help of the whip; throe lengths offcame theDean, then Rosinante, and Master Avenal; five lengths, Oakhill, Ohosterfleld, and. Lightning,. and a hun. dred yards off Retrospect. Time, 2min. 20scos. 