Tlia ffkantom Horseman. fir Pica Quad. (PIIOM THE TOXTS A2TD COUNTRY JOURVAIiA ^18 1 I have hid a peep into tbe m?itorioB of that curious oofstom knoi7a by tbe ganeria term of 'Colonial experience.' fily riparienoe of tho mat ter ie ithat it isn't worth the dandle. Not that many candies are neooae&Tily; associated with the acquire ment of » full knowledge of the myetio rites. Tiio introductory loctare mty bo delivered bone&th; & gild*d roof, in the midst of bocctiful pictures, soft cujtete, and fm« furniture, illnminx'.od by brilliant gaa jeta, flashing from a thousand prienis pcadant to ci Etatoly gasalier. Bnt tho initiation frequently takes plaaeby the light of a slush lamp in a nlib but, with more holes than windows, and not tuoro to boast of in the way of f nrnituro than a rough t»blo codeuiI ln; of tho top of a packing cieo nailed upon four gt&kds; driven into the ground -, the coats, a huge fttoti&, end two 3^h^b of wood, c&wu; from tho trunk of a trm. The pictures are distinct, but the contrast of the first lessons in colonial cz porlennoare very often rs boldly muked. I am not prepared to say that colonial experience is not use ful. On the oontrary, it has proved the stepping stone to fortune to mnay who kave had the pluci and eneroy neoeEstry to tarn the knowledge to ac count. Bat it is a vcrr ion;'h sofeool, aid its pri2es aro for tbe few. not for Uio many. I suppose I wib one of tho latter. At all ovents, ill trio prises I evoi polled off wan a bad attack of rhtrmaticm, and that ia s. trophy that I ff.il to esti mate at a high rate. My doctors, however, m»y be of a different opinion, and prcbitbly attach a higher value to it than I do. I judge on much by the hi;jh figure plM3d en tteir vicsre of \ha subject &e; displayed by their bills. I bavc opportunities of knowing the costliness of ihe prize; nevertheless, 1 have a poor opinion of itB vaVoo. But I didn't intend to preach a sermon on the aubjeet of colonial ex perience. It is rather a p&infnl; tcpin with me, in more senses tbac ono. Bat since I &m; oallod npon to epia you a yarn my early reminiscences of tny efforts to acquire colonial experience are neooGsarilv involved, for thereby bines my tale : I mean, of course, the tale of the Phantom Horseman. Yes .- I ciaro say yon hav* beard tbe like before ; bnt as von Ruse&r; uncertain ob the Buhiect. nennit me to doubt the fact. At all events, whether you hove or have not, allow mo to suggest that this is probably a boree of another colour. Among my wauy experiences of colonial life has boen that of cuttle drovinj. It isn't ptcoiscly tho sort of thins titt I Bhonld select. But then it's twenty years ago, andlwoabyBO mncbtbe yonngcr and of ocuree not eucowod with tbe huge mzioGnt of wisdom with which come of my friends, yonn? find foolish, now fondly imagine me poescssod.i Itie probably a mis take. But it would be cruel to oarb thoir etger fancLeatabddiscoririi7r! tho fond imaginings oftlieir youthful minds. So I have not dose so. Twenty years ago I was not b» particular about my sleeping arraniteineEt*. Ihavoslopt an Bound, sounder.iadee^, with m; head resting on a saddle, ablankotronnd me, and my feet to the firs, as I have ovor done in a moequito-ncttGd, Bpring- inattrBBBea, gilt and flowered four poster. It ' was a wild, free, reckless life, and suited my taste exactly. I trust my taBte has undergone improve ment sines that time. The jontloiniwi to whom I brought ifcttorRof recom mendaUou determined to give me a good dose of experience at one time. Hence I was consigned to a station owned by the firm oh the Darling. ItiBn't necessary to enter into a more precise description ; and as the Darling is a good many miles in length, and numbers a ' fev ' stations on its banks and its tributaries, it will be pleasant pastime for those who ' know the conuti-y ' to try e.n.d gncsa the particular locality to whioh my story relates. To those to whom the Darling is no more than anr other darling, and somebody else'B at that, particular information is not important. SbSco to say I ciune (after a very son journey of about 1200 miles on horbebiofc) ; I bkw (all that conld be seen for bnsb) ; 1 conqnered (the method of riding a bockjnropor). After being iuitiatcd into all tlie mysteries of station lif'i on the Darling-, our station being ono of the pioneer tettlementB considerably beyond the utter most bonncls ot civilisation, in tktae days, I began to think I liked it. Bnt I must confess to a home sick nces somctimos, and a hankering after eome other society fsan tbe bats on the outstationB afforded. A feir tame bluokMlowa attached tbnmselves to the station. Andc-cccsiots-liy the monotony wasbroken bymoettng a few wild ones ott the war path, which, though exciting and novel in the lieht of spears fly ing around, cwmot 1»Q characterised aa pk.&sa.nt; on the whole. , At all events I profer billiards. After twelve months hero word reached the Btation that tbe ownors were desirous o[ Belling out. The country, whieh was of extraordinary luxuriance in good seasons— and they had been unusually good in my time — was heavily stocked. In order to secure a i good sale for the station it waa determined to reduce ? TiJifi^iuniber of cattle considerably, and aenrta large J draught to market. The super, issued instructions J for a master, and in tbe aonrsc of a few weeks cattle 1 rolling fat were pRttaod in close to the home station. A large stock yard, or bush crnsh, was bnilt, and the cattle rnn through, and counted. It was a hard time for cverj'body, but at last the work was completed, and I do believe the knowledge that so mo of ns had a, cha.uco of a trip to Melbourne or Sydney— we didn't know whioh— made everything light. Attcr a hard day in the saddle from morning to r.ighUa.11, arr.id tho du3t and mite «f a thonsand galloping hoofs, a plunsro in the river oloBe to hand wus oxoeedinRly plea&F;^ut, and a night of awoot and unbrokpn slumber boilt up tbe tired frame again for tho hard labour of tbe gncoeeding day. Ai last the work was completed, aud I was one of those told off to Mnompany tlin otttla to market. It was on the 22nd December! 1S5-, that, at daybreak ws of tbo first oontini:ent jot a clear stiirt of the station with about 1500 huhd of fat bnllooks, all splendid fellows, vrilj as bnobs, &ctce; as tigcre, and active as raoers. Thoy sUrted on tb« run at first, and didn't e&so; down lo a walk until they had got over a clear 10 miles ; and even when they did settle down, they were uuoMy and easily started into rnns. Btttit was our A«t«irKuiiaiinn to make a good day of it, bo as to render a ru&hbiick; at night not each a tempting thinjr for oar horned charges lo do. We mado about twenty-five miles that day, and got almost olear of our own boundaries, by travcllinR late, after having made an early start. ?- That night and the followiue oue, about fifteen miles czvinp been negotiated the scoond day, tho cattle were restleas, and needod constant watching. On the third day we did another fifteen miles, and camped in the neigh bourhood of a dark gloomy-looking fully on Christmas Eve. Our horned friends were by this time begin ning to feel the effeots of the rapid journey of tbe past three days, and many of thorn were evidently anxious te camp. Still, manv of them were wild, and kept tbe others restless. It wasn't safe to turn in, though we wero all weary and tired. It was well past nithtfall before we got the oattle camped. Tho spot where our firo was lighted, and around which, wo gathered, uot eo much for woxoith, but for light, was in front of a pine scrub of consider able density. It did not extend more than a few hundred yards, however, and beyond was a plain of fai- strotching extent, on whioh , the oattle were camped— a few lying down, eome mazing, bnt many still wild and neroe-looking, with heads erect, and with restless eyes, seemingly on the alert for un known dangers, or to charge any lurkinefoe. Tho immediate foreground was tbe dark-looking (rally. The banks were not eteep, bat wore densely covered with dwarf uiae from top to bottom. On the otbor sido tho country was lieavily timbered, chiefly with pine and stontei box. The night was fine, and a oool wind waB blowing. This, though refreshing, was obilline; after tbe heat and perspiration of thn Jong day's ride. A float or blanket thrown over the chonlders was a comfortable addition to pur outward rig, I can tell yen. Oar party oonaiated . of— oart-drivor and cook {?eluded— -a doien persons, and with so large a mob of oattle our work was none of the easiest. Thero was lots to do for everybody. On this particular night we wore in hopes of getting a good sight's rest, but we knew it was no use to.ru intr in for some hours, as it would probably be mid night before all tbe reBtlets ones of the herd finally mad*' up their minds that there was nothing much to be alarmed about. In our oompany was an individual, one of the drovers, whose proper name was Kuben Brown. Bnben was a queer looking objeot anyhow. A small retreating forehand did not bespeak a very large supply of intellect. His nasal feature of extra flize, and of the kind known aa Boman in Bttnotnre. The prominence of tbis important put of his faaial fornation tad obtained for him the sobriquet of 'Nosey Bubo' among his mates on the station, generally shortened into ''tfosey'' in common con versation. His body wea long and lanky, and his lees, generally oneased in tight pants and leather loggisga, precontad the appearance of being- of equal thioknesB from tie sukle to tbe thigh.' 'Nosey' who o. featleBBhoiBemui, expert among cattle, aud in every way o. useful station hand. He know no other Work, . and on the road with, cattle his experience, whiou amounted more nearly to what we know as instinct, was invaluable. He was usually taciturn, and quiet in his demeanour, and oE a sasmingly mol ancholy temperament. No ono who tsew him would call him imaginative. He was too matter of fact for »ny aaapioioa of tlict kind la present itealf. His life appa&red; always terribly in earnest. There woe still An hour to rnidcight, and it was no Ufis turning in before... 3?£mi of tho satm were vmy at various points on watoh. Tho other eight left at the firm included the boss, ' Nosey ' En be, the oook, I {he driver of the waggonctta with tbe tucker, tti»e of the drovers and myself. ' Well boys,' aaid Mr. Bonier, the drover in oWffa ' it is not likeiy tint the oattlo will nettle down for mother hour, and it'e^o nai iiopiupfora anooro until then, $Midi»a the saiddlo mto.li begiae «t w«1t*- nnd the going ont of one lot and tie oomlxg in of tbe other is pretty eure to wate us np, if we try to sleep. This is CbrUtmai Eve. Who cm spin a yarn to keep us awake ? That's the proper thing to do, on Christ MM Ere. I think, eh P' 'Eichtyoaare.bass1.' said Thomosan, one otthe hands. ' Bat who is goinn to spin it?' ' Oh, Nosey ought to be able to tell us something, put in Dicky Dixaon,' a cockney waterman, fall of fnn and frolic, a very bad rioor, but plunk to the baokbone »nd ppinal marrow. ' Well, he's seen a lot of life, at all events, especially among cattle, knng»roos, and black fellovn,' s-jid another. 'Now, Babe, you see Low it is. We want tbe story. Somebody mnst tell it. Pnbiio opinion points to yon, my boy, vnH I think you're not tbe man to show that confidence reposed in you in any way can possibly be misplaced.' 'Thanks, boss. But I don't feel much on tho rum to-nighf. I fee! kinder gloomy, somehow. It's thin confounded cil!? here. Ten see I knatr tba place, and I don't like it. There's a dark tsjo connected with it ; and though I've coma over it lota of times, I never Gi.mr.ed here be ore, and I vrisa we bacn't novr.' And Bnbe looked round in a Dervoufi sort of way that Attracted cverybody'n attention. ' Oh, tbero'B a da.rii ta\o nbout ii, is tber» f ' esiid ThomiBoa. ' Does it bolong '.o a dark horse, oh ? Let's hear the yarn, anyhow.' ?' The yarn ! the yarn !' was tbe cenoral ory. All hand! settled down; end Bnbc, after a little more persuasion, commenced his story. Shortly stated, it ia t.Viia. Woil, wey bach from this gully, about twenty miles, thorn's a. cattle station, one of tbe first Utra up in thefifl parts. jM.V father was on9 of the hands there, and the story I have to tall is from his lips. Another station hand was Hi.rry Beil, a dashing young stockm&D;, handsome-, b«i.ve. and a, general favourite. This part of the station w:iEn't mnon used in those days. There -»aa plenty of feod on tbe other, whiah w&b; besides well watered, and more un dulating, nffordiug ohelter winter t.rid sumnier iaita gullieE. Bnt sometimes stray bullocks did net over thiB road ; cvttrv now and then ft sep.rch wns made and a few bead always recovered ana diiven buck to the ordinary gr&zincr; errounds. Ono dav Harry waBoul on this work, nnd rpnehod this pally. In his Fftoroh for cntt!e. which some times plant amongst the timber he entered tho pine scrub yonder. In the thickest, part of it became sndddanly on a lint, constructed of tu.rk, pino sap ling* «nd fronds. Harry nearly fell from his horse in astonishment. He had nevei* hoard or fieon & livinpsoul is the neighbourhood, and didn't think there wos a white f nee within a hundred miles of the station, the hands employed execptrd. It wasn't a black's gtmyah. Th&t; wts evident at once. Itmnet then be the place of diode of sono white. Thore were, moreover, a few ntcnsile outeide, &uch; as a tin bneket used for boilina.a till diab, nil oxc. aud other articles lyitto; about. Tho pine fronds cimoat covered the roof, which was low ; in short, it was evident at a Rlanco that tho bnt was erected with a view to con cealment. Harry soon recovered from his enrpriae, and deter mined to find oat if the mysterious dwelling contained any occupant. Making hia way to the loir door of bark, without dismounting he gave ono or two loed knooka with, tho handle of his stock whip. In a moment afterwards the door opened, and Dick nearly tore his eyelids asunder in the extremity of their opening afltonisbtnont. Before him stood a young girl — not more than twenty at moBt. She wan very handsome. That was the first thonpht that entered Harry's mind after the first fnvr moment* of astonishment. Harry didn't know much about fairieE or lie might bavs thosght she was one. l£:s knowledge of angels was also limited, or he mipnt have imagined that his companion was one. His ideas of visions were anything but well developed ; and his digestion was too good to believo in ghosU. Besides, he quietly found out that his fair friend wasn't a ghost, but substantial flesh und blood, and a vary good specimen of th» material at that. It was evident also that the girl waa ns astonished as be was. What did it mean— this fair oreaturc alono in tho bush, in a hnt by herself — for he couldn't Boe another £ipn of a living being. 'I— I — thonght it was father!' stammered thn astonished girl. ' What did you please to want sirp' she continued. Harry explained that he was looking for cattle, and enterod the Bcrnb in search of uknlkero. Bnt I don't rightly know tho rest of the interview. Harry appeared ratlier ooulnsad on the point hicm-lf . I only know— at leant fctber has often, told mo so — that Harry often had occasion to look for cattle on this Bide of the station, un one of theBe absences it was Christmas Eve, by tho way — a messenger arrived it the station with instructions to simd Harry on to Sydney at once, as his evidence vraa wanted in an important law-suit, involsing tho ownership of muob valunblo property. There waB uot a moment to lose. He would have to ridahard to rcaah torrfi in tiae— there wjis no railway over tho mountains' in thase days. Without bis testimony the owners would lese their case, and many thou sands of pounds as vre-U. TUtire wa« u. cry-out for Harry, but bo ^Asn t ..o bu [ound nnywhero. At last my father rcmenibsrod the adventare in tbo scrub, and tbe frequont absencoe. The case iras pTeBsing, and no time was to he lost. Ha volunteered to no in aearoh of Harry. lo company with another stock ruin he started for tbe scrub. It was dark when they startsd, but the moon was bright, and in didn't ta.k'e them long to negotiate the twenty miles to the spot. Bnt to find tbo lint woe not bo easy. After a long search they halted on the margin of the scrub, aa it might bo about here. By jove! Tbme's tho blackened stump I've beard my father talk aboar, where they were both sitting, filling their pipes, while the horses were BDellin? a ion- minutes. Whilo so engaged they wora both struck with tho silonoo of the night. Tho moon, briijht, full, and olesx, shone out with an elTulgenoo almost equal to the noonday sun. Father was just going to strike a match aud light bis pipe whon presently a tuebing sound, as if of a horse, in full cireer through the Bornb, was heard. Both my fathor and his mate sprang to their foet, and instantly clutched the handles of their stook whips, to the long thongs cf whioh their horses' bridles ware oUaohed. Tho animals reared and plunged, and showed all th-3 evidences of terror. Bnt in a momont the two men Trero in the saddle. Nearer and neaTor camo tho rushing sound— the Bound of hoof (trashing over broken licubs of trees — of tbe body *' swishing' through tbe branches. What oould bs tbe meaning cf the mysterious fionnd. No horse of bis own accord would rash like that in such a place. No rider in his senses would urgo a horso to Buoh apeod through tho Bcrub. There vras eoaiethinir in it. Thoy had not long to wait for a iwlutims o£ the myatory. While yet they wondorod, or had time to oolleot their startled senses, a Bight burst on thoir gaze that al most froze the mat-row in their bonofl, and curdled' the blood in thoir veins. ' Throngh tho eorub rushed a powerful block horse, which my father and hia mate, alarmed as they wera, at onoe recojrnieed aa Harry's. But. that was not all. Mounted on the careering steed was a form whioh they also recognised as that of the young f riand of whom they vera in Bftarah. Bat oh ! horror of horrors 1 The form was hoadlcBB ! ' On wont the maddened horeo, with his life Ibbb burden — paBsing them liko a .whirlwind, his eyeballs Bbuing and red aa blood, his nostrils distended with terror, snorting, foam speeke fLying right and l«ft — urged ae it were by the loosely flapping lega of his headless rider. It wasa terrible moment. Bnt both the onlookers were men of strong nerve. In lags time than it, taken to tell it they were in tbe saddle asd Li foil gallop after the terrified horse and hm ghastly freight. Biding rapidly through the gully, thoy proceeded almost a mile further, and then the full horror of the wnolo affair was before thorn. On tbe farther Bide of a hugo log lay the body of the herse, his neck broken, and his shoulder oraBhod to a &oft; pulp, in the attempt to bIem the obstruction before him. Lushed to the raddle by ropes and his own saddle- rtraps waB the body of poor Harry. But, alas, it waB headless. Th« head had been taken clean off, end by a Bharp weapon also. The blood had flowed ovor tho ehest and clothing, and altogether it was a terrible sight. Tho blood was still fluid. Tfte crimo oould not have been committed an hour. To disoovor mid punish, the perpetrators waa tho thought that flashed throngh the minds of both the onlookers of tho ramainsof the horrible tragedy. ' To the hut,' tji&y; ori&d; together, and again mounting their horses, they rode like madmen in the dirootion wnenoe the careering horse and his headless rider had just come. As if guided by inatinot, tnoy went straight for the hut they had previously Bpent hours in trying to find. But little was obtained by the visit. All they found was a heap of smouldering nsbes. The hut hod been destroyed by fire I ncod scarcely say more. Tho two men. rods to the station as qniekly as possible. Asf ustanofl was procured, and the remains of poor Harry oonveyed homewards, and the follow ing day consigned to their last roating-place on the banks of the creek. w Although diligent aearoh was mode, the head of the murdered man conld never be found. But Bozne ching else was discovered. A few y&rda; from whore tho hut originally stood an axe, Bbkrp and now, but stained with blood, was lonnd. There was little dosbt that thatwaetbeinBlrameiitaf Harry's murder. OE the murderers little trace oonld be obtained, Black truckers wera employed, and the tracks of throe persons— tiro men, and one whom the blaokfollows aaid was a woman— w.oro fallowed to the river's bask, and then lost for ever. I haTn't mpch more to tell. My fathor got a big shock that night, and he was never tbe sarao afterwards. A year after wards he happened to bo in tho same neighbourhood, o'h tha cnuivergMv o£ the tirao day. Ho asms homo white and soared. He told my mother, and my tBotheraftenr»rd9 told mo, that ho'u seen Harry tak ing his wild riao ugain. I don't know muon about it. Bat toaahow tut ptaae sag get s bad name, and drovers geuerolly give it a yrlia berth. Strange soisea »re heard by thoie who coiap hers. But nobody doeB thatwh0-no»« tbe spot. Tho pleaehu got the name at being haunted, and old stookmen ny that Harry does hia wild deatb-ride ovor again on every Chrletmaa Ege. And, boia, I think yon aaid this 18 Christmas Eve !' Nosey Bube hod scarcely Slushed his story and mibde tbd last query whftn & fltranco &ound; was hea.Td prooeeding from the dirAolion of tbe scrnb, in front of which we were camped. Instinctively every man sprang to bis feat, and with, sturtlcd faces listened. Nearer and nearer name toe ruining, crashing eoond, aad the vuagei of the listeners beoarao |»ler in the moon light. Presently it drew closer still, and every mAn olescbed Mb hande and drew bard- hie breath. A moment after a horse in t. mad wild gallop broke through the scrub into tha open and the fall light of tue moon. Ar.d then thu blood almost froze U ?; iveias I As I am a living Binner, the rider on that ildly rnebinghnsewits without a hnd ! I A headless horesman ! Tho hore» I Tho time — ' the place! Tho nhcle ead story of Harry, us told by j No»ey Eube, flashed opon my memory, and I stood aa if rooted to the spot with horror I ' | hven in my own wild terror I remember tho face of Babe! It ires as the picture oi all that it is possible to imagine bu frightful. It wu enbliroo in it« aameleas ifrony — tho Tory intensity of terror! I shall never forget that face. It was as the countenance of one from whom all form of intellect has been suddenly beaten out, and bnt the senblanat of humanity — unutterable in its Vftcuity. and jot its terrible mean ing ot detpnir preserved— left. lint little time for such ohiorvation, or reflection of any kind was afforded. On went tbo borse, with bis heudleBs rider, tho arms waving about as if gos tieakfiE^ violently. Oh ! it rres a aorry and s f«ar ful sight, I can tell you, aad I wouldn't oven now like to go throngb a aimiUr experience. As we all gazed in breataiess tear and astonish ment we heard in Bmatheied toneB, at if from a lo&g; ' Well ! if this nin't a blamed fine old go. Can't nat my blamod head olear of this blamed blanket. Wo», Thn»der-bl»m yo! Wo» there. Spnt I'll htvve my hiamed brains knocked out— ^blamed if I don't. Hi! Boes ! Stop that bald faoe demon ! H«'s done it all— started the whole /noli, and them coming like ono o'eiuafc 1 Look out : Hero th«y com*.' ' Then we knew that it wasn't a real ghost or any sort of aDpantion at all, bnt the very substantial body, thick hend and all, of Ned SaUbnth, one of the h:uaos on watuh. The matter was aoon explained afterwards, bnt not then. A largo bald faced bnllock that had already given us much trouble broke away, and Nod had of aenrco to head him bsek to thn citiip. latc-nding to i ivo him a good warming with his stock whip, tnd ncding the Mexicaa poncho he was neariag imtorfere nonEidorably v?itb liia arm, he Qnde&vourea; to slip it over hia head. Bat the openingwac small, and Ned's hoad waB bip, and the matter was not so easily ne;e tiatea. In tho neantimo the old etogk horse 1-new his work, and was in full swing after the liald faoed bullook, making atraight for horns. Ned in his irri tation must have tonched old Thundor with hiti Bpnr, and sent him into the mad gallop we wtncBEed. At tue momn&t; borse and rider emerged from the eorub, Ned had pot the poncho to his ears, and there it stuck, thus presenting tbe appearance aBhi posted us, of beinp: vrithtnt a head. That explained the matter. It was a relief to find that wi hadn'troally had an interview with a genuine phantom horseman. We wore suffi ciently alarmed by meeting the oonnterfeit of that interesting person. In the meantimo wo had something else to do. An Nod warned ns, we had to look oat indeed. Thn whole mob were on tha stampede. That bald faced demon had atartod the whole caboo He, and wo were in tho middle, of it. We bad little time to think. Oe oame the mob of 1503, bellowing and Bnorting, with ttiilB and heads in tho air, wild and fierce as a. company of lions, and quits at fearloES and dan gerous. At the first round of tbo onBct all the hors«a but one had broken away, and that Mould have fol lowed the rest but for the efforts of NoBoy Bubo and ThompEon, whose «omt-ined efforts barely «nffieed to restraiu tho terrified anhnil. Onward rolled the herd of Cattle, rushing and trampling on canh otber. It was a wild sip!it I aan tell yon, nnd I don't want such another Christmas Eve for a while. We got tbe mob headed and rounded1 up again at last, and eventually reached onr destination. Bat m lost ovor 200 bead from tlia effeote of th»t stampede. On reaching Melbourne I concluded I had euffioiont colonial experionos of that sort, and determined to try eome other kind. That's uovr it it I an here. It ie not quite so aventfnl us cattle drovinff, but then I have an objiiction to phantoni horseman. Wall, boys, I hops you've had a Murry Christmas, and that you have a Happy New Year before yon. It'B time to Roto prceel 