QUITE TRJJE. A NOVEL, . BY DOHA RUSSELL. Author of " Beneath the Wave," " Footprints in the Snow;" The Vicar's Governess " $c., tyc. [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All Eights Reserved.] PART I. Chapter III.—The Gabstons. uur cousin, sir isranam liarston, re mained fox the next few days at Hadley Hall, and Edward also remained. Sir Graham frowned when he heard that Edward intended to stay, but he felt, and I felt also, that we could say nothing against it. Edward told me he was going to remain, in his usual cool way. "I say, Peggy," he said, see about getting my old room put right for me, that's a good girl. I mean, of course, to stay on here at present till things are all settled. I believe myself that the old boy destroyed this precious will that that idiot Chapman is making such a fuss about." "Hid you hear the contents of the will, Edward ?" I ashed gravely. " Oh! didn't I ? I was left a beggar, and you giTls enriched at my expense. But I suppose the governor repented such an act of injustice when he felt himself ooming to his latter end, and most likely threw the will behind the fire." ." It was not like him to do so," I said. v " Oh, I don't expect you to be delighted," emi Edward, with a curling lip. " Your fraternal afttciion, of course, is great, but the avarice of the hvanan heart is greater. You naturally would ljke to have been heiress of Haaley, and rakafter and made love to by all the scamps vrho want a wife with a fortune—perhaps bv. our dignified cousin Sir Graham himself f My dear, •] I'm not surprised at your disappointment—I quite expect you and Rosteto hate me— and I am-resigned 1" And he shrugged his shoulders. I did not make any answei *1 looked at him, I remember, for a monu⁢ or two, and thought of the bright promise of his youth. For he was clever—a useless, aimless sort of cleverness, for he lacked the steady in dustry -which those who do anything, or make any name, must possess. He was too self-indulgent to have Ibis. He thought often of the great things he would do, but he never did them. " So my beloved sister Margaret," he continued, "expectant heir of Hadley, will you kindly look after my earthly comforts, and see that my bed is aired, and my room swept and garnished ?" "But Edward," I answered, and I cast down my eyes, "your old room is entirely dismantled. It was done so, and the door locked two years ago by papa's orders, and it has never been reopened." " Poorroom!" said Edward, with a scorn ful laugh. "No doubt it's haunted by the ghost of my good character, which departed this life two years ago! You little goose, why do you bring up that old story now# and cast it in my face ?" he went on with a darkening countenance. "Don't you see you've tried and lost? Not a word did either of you two girls—my dearly beloved sisters—say for me all this time to the old man, though you must have seen he was dying fasti No, yeu meant to supplant me. I, the rightful heir of Hadley, was to be thrown aside, and you—a chit, a girl, like you or Eosie to get it 1 But you see right wins in this case." And once more he shrugged his shoulders. I felt very angry. _" I do not want to quarrel with you," I said, "on the day that our father has been carried away; but this I will say, I, did not want to supplant you, and I knew nothing of the contents of my father's will until Mr. Chapman told me. - to-day. It's true I never spoke of you, for we were forbidden to speak of you." Hester Wray tried thrice, and he would not listen to your name 1" "Much obliged to Miss Hester all the same 1" said Edward, with a little laugh. " She isn't a bad sort of girl that, though she's rather too gushing and impulsive for my taste, and then she has an unpardonable fault in a woman." " What is that?" I asked. " She's ugly," said Edward'; " not down right ugly, perhaps, but she's no beauty, at any rate. There's that little vixen, Eosie, with her skin of lilies and roses, could get anything she wanted from a man. But this poor lassl Ah well, it's a pity. You can't all be beauties, but it is a great gift. Beauty to a woman is what fortune and cleverness is to a man—in fact, it's everything." " Not quite, Edward," I answered. "I agree with you it's a great gift, for it wins love so easiiy, and love is sweet to all—but it is not everything, Beauty wins love, but it cannot retain it." " UUI 1 ou rattier so in for the virtuous, I know, Miss Peggy. But, my dear, you needn't. You are not so handsome as that little devil Rosie, but you are far from ugly. You are good-looking—a pretty girl almost, in fact—and need not despair of getting a rich husband without the aid of Hadley to back your charms 1" "I wish you would not talk thus, Edward. If you are going to stay do try and keep peace with us. Graham Garston is going to stay also for the next few days." " Who on earth asked him ?" said Edward, angrily. " He offered to stay," I said. He is our nearest male relation " "Putting out of the question your dearly beloved brother Edward," sneered Edward. " He is older than you, Edward." " Precisely. He is going to remain, I suppose, to see whether you are heiress of Hadley or not—to look after your interests and his own, eh ?" " I will not answer you. But one thing I do entreat of you, which is to remember that he is our guest, and that this is the day of our dear father's funeral." "Don't be afraid of me. Why should I quarrel with our beloved cousin? He has done me no harm. You and Rosie, I con sider, tried to injure me. But let that pass. Get a room ready for me, at all events, Peggy; you need not mind about the ghost chamber of my departed character, butv some sort of room 1 will have, for here I mean to remain." So he settled it, I was forced to see about his room, and give orders for Graham Garston's to be prepared also. I was forced, also, to appear at dinner on this sad day, for I was afraid to leave Edward to dine with our cousin alone. I begged Rosie to come down, but she would not. She was too angry wite Edward, indeed, to meet him peaceably, and was in a terrible state about the missing will. "Edward has stolen it 1" she cried, when I told her it could not be found. "You will see, Margaret, he has got into the house somehow, and stolen the will." "But how could he, my dear?" I an swered. " Hester gave me papa's keys at Once, and the iron safe had evidently never been tampered with ; and, besides, dear papa wrote to Mr. Chapman about making a new will. No; if mamma knows nothing of it I shall believe that papa destroyed it, and then—then—was suddenly struck down—before——" ' "Don't cry, Margaret," said Rosie affec tionately. "It's awfully sad—and seems hard, and all that sort of thing, talking of money on the very day dear papa has been buried. But think what our position will be if this selfish, unamiabie brother of ours comes here to be master? I for one won't stay in the house!" "We will settle about all this after wards, Rosie. For the present, dear, do not please quarrel with Edward." " I can't help it," said Rosie, frankly. "He's such a horrid sneer always on his face, and he says such aggravating things. What is Graham Garston like ?" " A tall, dark man, with a heavy mous tache, and a kind face," I answered. "I wish you wouid come down, Rosie, and talk to him." "Not to-day," said Rosie, and she.went to the glass and looked at herself. "I'm looking too frightful to-day to let any stranger see me for the first time. No; I will see him to-morrow." She would not go down. So Graham Garston and Edward and myself dined together. Luckily, I could talk about my aunt—Graham's mother, and about Glen varlock, where they lived, for I had been there a year ago, and these were safe sub jects. Graham also was a man whom it would have been difficult to quarrel with, if he wished to keep peace. He was a man of the world, a major in a cavalry regiment which was then out in India, and he laughed a little scornfully when I hinted to him, when we were a moment, alone together before dinner, that I. hoped he would not quarrel with Edward. "My dear Margaret," he said, "do not be afraid. Do you think a young fellow like that could aggravate me to say a word I did not intend to say ?" I found, indeed, that Edward could not make Graham angry. But Graham's calm smiling superiority made Edward very angry. " You army men think you can ride over every one else, don't you ?" sneered Edward, after he had had a glass or two.;of wine, which always made him very ill-tempered. "We cavalry men ought to be able to ride over our enemies at least," answered Graham, with a good-natured little laugh. "You aren't always, though I" said Edward. ' ;^No, we aren't," said Graham," but we cab hut try, you know, Edward;" and so Edward found it impossible to quarrel with him. It was the same on all other subjects. Edward began about the missing will. "Of course you think it's been stolen?" he said, " Indeed I do not," replied Graham. " Perhaps you will defend its injustice ?" sneered Edward. "I know nothing of its justice or injus tice," said Graham, calmly. "Margaret, did you see the Seatons when you were at. Glenvarlock? They say Khtherine Seaton is to marry George Gordon. She is a beautiful girl, but it is a great marriage for her—he is the eldest son, you know." In this way Graham turned the conversa tion all dinner time, whenever Edward tried to be disagreeable. When he was agreeable—and he could be—Graham an swered him and conversed with him very pleasantly, but he would be drawn into no argument. " I have seen bad-tempered, quarrelsome, young men before, you see, Margaret," he said smilingly, when we went up to the drawing-room together and Edward retired to smoke. " I never waste time upon them, but agree with them on every possible sub ject. It's worth while arguing with a clever man or a woman, perhaps, for there's some pleasure to be got out of it then. But what possible amusement, pleasure, or edification could arise from an argument with a person you despise? You do not care to convince him, and he will never convince you." " Poor Edward," I said. " It is very sad." " Yes, it is sad," answered Graham Gar ston, "for he has thrown away his good gifts. A man who is born a fool is only to be pitied; a man who is not born a fool, but who acts like one, we must condemn." I was examining my cousin's face as he said this. He was not handsome. His features were too strong, too harsh almost for beauty, and he was very dark. Yet he was striking looking—he was so tall, and his heavy moustache hid some of the de fects of his face. Yes, altogether I thought him good-looking even then, and he had a clear, ringing, sympathising voice. You felt somehow that he followed your mind and your thoughts, as if instinctively, and understood what you felt as well as what you said. " And Bosie," he asked presently," your younger sister, what is she like ?" "You will see to-morrow," I answered. "She is considered very handsome." "So my mother told me. It seems so strange never to" have seen you since you were little girls. But I've been nine years abroad." " And you like the life ?" I asked. "Every life.has its advantages and^ dis advantages," said Graham, smiling. " Fifteen years ago I was an enthusiastic young soldier. Now I am not enthusiastic about anything, but on the whole I like it fairly well": "And you do not think of leaving the army "No. If I lived altogether at Glenvar lock my mother would not really like it, though she likes to have me there oc casionally. She. is ruler now, you see," and again Graham smiled; "if I lived there I might want my own way too. " And Athole," I asked," how is he ?" "Ohl Athole is the beauty-man, the lady-killer of the family!" laughed Graham, " He is really a handsome fellow though," he added, " and a good fellow as well." " And he is in the army too ?" "Yes, he's a gunner. He passed a splendid examination, and might have gone into the Engineers, hut he chose the Artillery. But he's a dangerous young man. Take care of your heart, Margaret, if you go to Glenvarlock, for I assure you Athole has ■wonderfully winning ways." I smiled and shook my head. "I have not given you all the messages yet that my mother made me the bearer of," continued Graham." "But I must confess I have forgotten the half of them I How ever, one was to invite you and my aunt to Glenvarlock. I was to say—but you know, of course, what I was to say—but you were to fix your own time—and my mother hoped I would be at home when you came. So you see, Margaret, I have an interest in the time of your visit." " It will depend upon many things, now," I answered. " What if dear papa's will is never found P Then we shall be homeless, for Bosie says she will never live with Edward, and I do not think that I would care to do so." "You could not," said Graham. "Margaret —your brother—this young man is no fit companion for you! He has been living a degraded life-^the taint clings to every word he says. I have seen too much of the world not to know this, and if he comes here as the owner of the Hall, you and your mother and sister must leave it." 