The Bulimba Ferry Difficulty. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR-In the quaint reference to the stoppage of pu ut traine in the Queenslander the writer is somewhat astray. He speaks of contention between Merry and Moon, forgetting that it is a public matter, in which a large district is con- cerned a matter affecting a great highway. Our difficulty happens on this wise : Rope breaks ; Government refuses to supply another. People enquire " why and wherefore." Two wait upon Minister for Works, it being still a Government ferry the only one that has not been taken over by the boards. The Minister for Works, replying to deputation (introduced by member for the district) says : " Won't supply another rope. Apply to Booroodabin and Bulimba Boards, whose province it is to manage the ferry." The Minister admits that these respective corporations have refused to take over the ferry, and that he can't coerce them to do so, Who else can control them ? Seeing that Government has called them into existence, it is clearly their province to compel compliance with the Act if so disposed. Why not stop the endowment for their disobedience Bulimba this. held a public meeting, calling on the boards to do their duty. After this meeting the people think boards a myth, and say it is just as probable Mai lay's ghost would help them. So some suggest the propriety of trying to help themselves. Two of their number write to each board, and offer on behalf of the residents to take over the ferry, find the money to buy the warp and other appliances?, and set the whole thing going without a farthing's worth of help, only asking the board's formal consent and to give a lease. The proportion does not meet with favor-too prompt and business-like for such august bodies to entertain without going through a certain amount of cir- dislocation. So here we are now in an unhappy state of suspense and inconvenience this fine weather, when farm produce and fruit are delayed in transit this happy Christmas time Yours, etc, Bulimba, December 27. T. F. MERRY. 