CHAPTER XV. " WHEBE THERE WAS NEVER NEED OF VOWS.' | When Rachel came back to $he house it was nearly five o'clock. There was to be a great high tea at six, for which 110 dressing was .required, in place of theordinary dinner; and, as she aid not feel inclined, to meet the crowd of company that, was assembling in the drawingroom sooner than was necessary-to I tell the truth, she had been crying, and her eyep wete/eaT-ehe returned by aback way to the ballroomvwlnch. she knew would be, 1 tp all jntepts and: purposes, empty. As an excuse *f&*d<nng so she carried m her arms j some lo^gt wreaths of spiraaa which she had discovered'on a bush at the bottom of the garden, with wtycb she (intended to. relieve the masses of box -and Urares'tinus ihat made the'groiindwork of Ijer decorations. Lightly flitting up a'stone-flagged pttesafce at the rear ol the houfee ,she suddenly' came upon Mr. Dalrymple. lj[e emerged fropi the. door of thejaiipd^y, which had beep assigpedto him for Bleephigjquarters, just as she was passing \- " Oh.1" ®he cried sharply, as if he had been a.ghost,; and then she caught her breath, ana dropped her. eyes, and blushed her deepest Dljiab-which was by no meaps the conventional mode of salutation, bat more than satisfied the man who did not know until this moment how eagerly he had looked for a welcome frpm her. ? "How. do you do?" he said, clothing the common formula with a new significance, and holding her "hand in a Btrong grasp ; " f i was wondering where ^ou were, and oegin- 1 ning to dread all kinds of disasters! Where are yoii going ? May I carry these for you fie saw by this time the traces of her recent tears, aqd the cheerful cordiality of hja greet ing subsided to & rather stern but very tender earnestness. Silently: he lifted the white wreaths froni her aria, and began to Baunter beside her in the directionot'the ballroom, much as be had led .tec away iPtothe con servatory on that memorable night, which was only a week, but' it seemed a year, ago. All the time she was thinking of Mr. Kingston's* prohibition, and dutifully desiring to obey hi to; but she had np power in her to do more. They passed thrbngh the servants' offices, meeting onlyLucilla's maid, who was ina ferment of, ?excitement with So' many ladies to attend to,: ' and had sot a glance to space for them; they heard voioes and footsteps all around: them «»ithey,entered the house; but they reached the ballroom un perceived and aninolested, ?and: found.'themselves alone; The' great; .?0W, iWith .tis .windows. draped and gai-i landed, was dim and silent; the gardener's* steps stood in the middle; ttw ioi the lighting of the lamps; nothing bat this re mained to be done, and no one came in to diBtnrbthem. For ten minutes they devoted themselves to business. Mr. Dalrymple mounted the steps, and wove. the spiraea into whatever green clusters looked too thin or too dark . he. touched up certain devices that seemed to' him to lack stability j he straightened some flags that were hanging awry. And Rachel stood below and offered humble suggestions. When they had done, and had picked up a few fallen leaves and petals, they stood and looked round them to judge of the general effect. "It is very pretty and charming," said Mr. Dalyrmple; and it makes a capital ball room. I have not seen a better floor any. where." . "It was laid down on purpose for dancing," said Rachel, who knew she ought now to be making her appearance elsewhere, yet lin gered because he did. "Are you fond of dancing?" he abruptly. " Yes," she said ; " very." "Will you give me your first waltz to night 1" He was leaning an elbow on the piano, near which he Btood, and looking down on her with that gentle but imperious inquiry in his eyes which made her feel as if she had taken a solemn affidavit to tell the truth. " I-I cannot," Bhe stammered, after a pause, during which she wondered distractedly how she could best explain her refusal so as to spare him unnecessary pain; "I am very Borry-I would, with pleasure, if I could." " Thank you," he said, with a slight, grate ful bow. " Well, I could hardly hope for the first, I suppose. But I may have the second? Here are the programmes," he added, fishing into a basketful of them that stood on the piano, and drawing two out; "let me put my name down for the second, and what more yon can 'spare; may I f She took the card he gave her, opened it, looked at the little spaces which symbolised BO much more than their own blank empti ness, looked up at him, and then-alas! She was a timid, tender, weakly creature when Bhe was hurt, and she had not yet got over the effect of Mr. Kingston's harshness. And she had been crying too recently to be able to withstand the slightest provocation to cry. She tried to speak, but her lip quivered, and a tear that had been slowly gathering fell with an audible pat upon the piano. He drew the card from her in a moment, and at the same time swept away any veil of decorous reticence that she might have \- wished to keep about her. "What iB the matter?" he asked, with gentle entreaty, which in him was not incon sistent with a most evident determination to find out; " i am not distressing you, asking you to dance with me, am I ?" " Oh, no-it iB nothing! Only please don't ask me," she almost sobbed, struggling against the shame that she was bringing on herself, and knowing quite well that she would struggle in vain. Hfe watched her in eilence for half a minute \--not aB Mr. Kingston -had watched her, \- though with even a fiercer attentiveness, and then he said, very quietly, " Why ?" But he had already guessed. " Because-because-I have promised not to." " You have promised Mr. Kingston ?" Scarlet with pain and mortification, in an agony of embarrassment, she sighed almost ? inandibly, " Yes." " Not to dance with me? or merely not to dance waltzes?" " Mast I tell you ?" she pleaded, looking up with appealing wet eyes into his hard and haughty face. . "Not unless yon like, Miss Fetherston haugh. I think-1 understand perfectly." "Oh, Mr. Dalrymple, I want to tell you about it-but I cannot. I am Baying things already that I ought not to speak of." *' I'don't think bo," he replied quickly, Buddenly softening until his voice was almost a caress, and Bet all her BenBitive nerves thrilling like an ^Eolian harp when a strong wind blows over it. " It is in your nature to be honest, and to tell the truth. You are pot; afraid to tell the truth to me ?" " I would not tell you an untruth," Bhe murmured,'looking down; " but the truth \- sometimes one- must, sometimes one ought-I to hide it. And I hoped you would not need: to know about this." - ? '1 Why, how could I help knowing it ? Did you think it likely I might by chance forget you were in the ballroom to-night?" What she thought clearly blazed itself in the heart's colours on her simple face." But she did fioHift her eyes 6r speak. . " I am .very glad I know," he continued, in; a rather stern tone. " If you had done this to me, and never told me why-" " I should have trusted to yon to guess that4t was not my fault, and to forgive me for it," the girl interposed, looking up at last with a flash-in her soft eyes that, as well as her words, told him a grea$ deal more th&hi; she had any idea of. ' 1 " It was really bo ?" he . .demanded eagerly. "It was not your own desire to disappoint me so terribly." " " Oh, tio." . ? ?, , .. , ' "If you had been left to yourself you would have danced with me ?" . " Yes-of course." " Quite willingly ?" " You know I would !" . . Mt. Dalrymple drew a'lbng breath. It was rather a critical moment. But he was.no boy, at the mercy of the Vrinds and waves of his own emotionB, and Rachel's, evident weakness of self-control was an uppeal to his strength that he was oot - the ma'q. to dis regard. Still it was wonderful how actively during these last few minutes he had come to hate Mr. Kingston; wbom he had never' Been. " iBuppose," he Bald tflre&ently;, "I must not ask the -reason for this .preposterous proceeding f " Do not," she pleaded gently. "Thepp is no reason, really. It is but Mr. Kings ton'-fi; whim." ' 1 " And are you determined to sacrifice me toMr. Kingston's whim?' . - ! 1 She'did not speak, and he fepeated1 his query in a more imperious fashion! " Are1 you really going to throw me over altogether, MiBB Fetherstonhaugh ? I only want to know." \- She-looked-'Up at him- piteouily, and "bei softened,at once,. " ^ell me .v*bat I am tb, do," he'said, w a low voice, "2)p you wish i me not to.ask' yon fbrany dances? - It is \--horrible thing-it is:enough to make me wish j I had gone to Queensland^ on Monday., after . all-but I will' not' bother yon. Tell' me, am I not to ask you at all ?" , "If you please," Bhe whispered with a quick sigh,full of despairing resignation. "I am very sorry, but it ib right to ao what Mr. .JSlngsWn wishes." ? \- /'That is not my view in thin base. How &ver;, jt is xight 'for me to do. what. you wish. And I will-though it is very hard." t' Here'Rachel, feeling laUhefbody like one Sreat beating heart, moved away to; the door, xiwn bur a stem sense.of. gooial duty-. * Her < companion did not follow her, an*1 ' paused on the threshold, turned ***" then suddenly hurried back to him. " Mr. Dalrymple," she said, putting out her hand with an impulsive gesture, do not wish you had gone to Queensland instead of coming here to-night. If you do I shall be miserable/" He seized her hand immediately, and stooping bis tall head at tbe same moment, brushed it with his moustache. Then, look ing upinto her scared face, he Baid-like a. man binding himself by some terrible oath " That I never will." Once before in that room they had touched the .point where not only mere acquaintance but warmest friendship ends. Then it had been to her a new, incomprehensible ex perience ; now she could not nelp seeing the reason and the meaning of it, though, per haps, not so clearly as he. In a moment she had drawn her hand away, and, like a bird frightened from its nest, had vanished out of his sight, leaving him-thoroughly aroused from his normal impassiveneBS-gazing at the empty doorway behind her. When they met again, ten minutes after wards, it was in the drawingcoom, which was crowded with people; and, through all the crush and noise, sne was as acutel? conscious of his presence aB if he alone had been there. She moved about with tremulous restlessness and downcaBt eyes ; afraid to look at him afraid he should look at her; paying her little civilities mechanically, and conducting herself generally, to her aunt's extreme an noyance, more like a bashful schoolgirl and a poor relation than ever. Mr. Kingston, doing his best to fascinate Miss Hale, who stood beside him, giggling and simpering and twiddling her watch-chain, looked anxiously at his little sweetheart when she entered, thought he eaw signs of his own handiwork in her disturbed and downcast face, called her to him, and, until the great tea-dinner was over and they all had to disperse to dress, compassed her with devout attentions, intended to assure her of his royal forgiveness and favour. But he did not remove the pro hibition, which made her more and more re sentful as she continued to think about it, and less and less responsive to his ostenta tious " kindness and he treated Mr. Dal rymple-r-when he condescended to ac knowledge his presence at all-with a super cilious rudeness that Mr. Thornley, in con jugal confidence, declared to be "very bad form," and that prompted the gentle Lucilla to be "nicer" to the younger man than Rachel had ever seen her. He was BO open in his hostility that it was generally noticed and talked of (and tbe cause of it more or less cor rectly sttrmiBed). The only person who seemed absolutely indifferent to it and to him Was Mr. Dalrymple himself; and, in his secret heart, he was much more glad than a.ngry to have earned such pronounced dis like from such a quarter, though as impatient of what he called " impudence" as anybody. That Adelonga ball waa amemorable event to most of the people th&t; it gathered together .as what ball iB not ? Mr. Thornley celebrated the coming of age of his son and heir,, to begin with. Mrs. Thornley appeared for the first time, "officially," after the birth of her baby, who was tbe hero of all occasions, to her, and inaugurated a great " county " repu tation as a charming hostess and woman. Mrs. Hardy got her beBt point lace irretriev ably .iqined-by. catching it on an unprotected; corner'of the wire netting upon which Rachel had worked her decorations; and she also saw the lamentable frustration of several wise plans that Bhe had made. Two young people became engaged; others, male bnd female, fell in love., or began those pleasant flirtations which led to love eventually. Miss Hale, on the other hand, quarrelled with Mr. Lesael, who took upon himself to object to her extravagant appreciation of Mr. Kingston's rather extra vagant attentions; atad"their engagement was broken, off. Mr. Lessel. at the same time, captivated the fancy of a charming young lady, only daughter of the Adelonga family dcctor, resident in the township close by, who was destined, in less than 12 months, to be his wife. Mr. Kingston, surfeited with balls, had a deeper interest in this One than in any of the hundreds that he had attended in the course ' of a long and gay career. Never before had he ' admired a pretty woman with such ferocious 'sincerity as he admired his little Rachel to ' night; never before had he used such rude tactics to make the object of his affections * jealoriS- thereby to subdue rebellion in her; jievpr before had he been BO defied and cir | cumyented-by a being in female shape aa he 'waB to-night by th is ~ presumptive little no body, whom he had singled out for honour, a,nd who was bonnd to hono&r; fcifn, and his lightest wish., As -for Mr. Dalrymple and Rachel-they must be classed together in this catalogue of special experiences, for they 'shared theirs between them-the Adelonga ball marked a new and very, metnorable . departure in the' hist'o^Tof their lives. For1 half the evening they danced decorously apart. Mr. 'Dalryjnple 'jUBtjfied Mrs. Thorn ley's ~ expectations, of course, and dis tinguished. himself aboye all the dancing men assembled ; -Rachel; who had had but .little teaching, .was a dancer by nature and instinct, as light and effortless, as airy and graceful, as a bit of wind- blown thistle-dowa. She loved it, as she loved all pleasant and poetic things'; and, though she could not " nave the partner Bhe wanted, and had to take whom Bhe cpuld get, she felt to-night, and more and more as the' evening wore away, that sheWd never heard and felt, in the strains of mere senseless instruments and the thrill of responsive pulses, music of mun dane waltzeB and galops of such inspired and ' impassioned beauty. There was a young artist from Melbourne who played lovely airs on a violin to a piano accompaniment, and he seemed literally to play upon her, spiritually sensitive as she was to- night to the lightest touch of that divine afflatus which makes poetry of certain passages in the most prosaic lives. Now rapturously happy, now tragically miserable, and tremulously fluctuating up and down, between these two extremes, she was blown about like a leaf in autumn wind by the subtle harmonies of that magical violin. At least she thought it was the violin. We know better. .. VA±' pbont twelve o'clock she went into, the house on ah errand for Lucilla, and Cftm.e back by way of the conservatory, as the first bare-of a Strauss- waltz wire stealing through the fejn-coofe^ alleys, with namghesa- tender "aBsbciatSon's in'evfery liquid note. ,''For a few ; secdnds she paused in the shadowy doorway, ' a Blight, "white figure against the dim back ground, with -hair lik6 a golden aureola, and , miik- wnite neck and arms-a gracious vision .of South'and-be&uty; as prince could wish to see. ButtheSleepingPrincessnow was acutely ' widbawake~; the life thatTan in her quickened pulses waB almost more than ene cbulft bear. Her eyes Bhone restlessly, het breath fluttered in her throat, faer-heari atohSedand swelled with some vague, irresistible passion, as the waves of that delioions melody flowed over her, like an enchaiter'a incantation. A. few paces off, within the ballroOm. Mr. Dahymble atood, with hiaback totheVall. watching her; his dark face toss lit ana trensfigaTed with the sanie kind of solemn exaltation. She turned her head. < and Ihey looked at one another, mutua>Uy'«ou»oious t)f the supreme.moment .that.. Jim* ; unawares, "reived. He held out his hand-she almost' to inset him; and then, obUyioua of betrothals, and promises, and houses, and diamonds, Bhe floated down the long room, under the very noaeB of her annt and Mr. Kingston, lying, in a reckless ecstasy of con tentment, in her true love's arms. 