Sketches in Parliament. By Scrutator. Last week's sketches left both Houses of Parliament engaged in an animated discussion. The debate on the second reading of the Education Bill was resumed in the Council by Professor Smith, who gave a long but very effective speech, mainly in support, but also partly in criticism, of the measure. He had been so long connected with the old National Board, and then with the Council, that he had come to feel a sort of paternity in our educational system, and hoped he would be pardoned if, under the new order of things , his steps should involuntarily lead him, by a sort of ' unconscious cerebration,' into the new Minister's office in Macquarie-street. Perhaps, he said, he had been mistaken 'in making such a hobby of the school system, and in giving to it so much time that ought, perhaps, to have been devoted to the U niversity.' ' But he had neglected none of his proper duties, and hoped he had done the public some good. Then he sketched the history of primary education in the colony, and discussed the leading points of the bill. He was most effective in refuting Mr. Dalley's exaggeration as to the comparative cost of Public and of Denominational schools, and in showing the need for some compulsory provision. On the whole, he made a careful, moderate, restrained, and successful speech, a little biased by a not unpardonable attach ment to the old system, but fairly hopeful of the new one. He was followed by Mr. Docker, who may be called the leader of the Opposition in the Council, if that section of the House has a leader. He also had some reminiscences to revive, for he was leader of the Upper House and Postmaster-General A /Imirn'ofvofinn mil on fVia present Public Schools Act was passed. His chief aim Beemed to be to prove his own consistency in supporting the new bill ; and he took the singular course of trying to oust the Education League from the position it has assumed, and to instal himself in its place. He identified the League with the United Secularist Propaganda, and concluded by saying: 'I will not further quote from this disgusting ribaldry, for I think I have shown that it would be impossible to comply with the demands of the League for a purely secular education in primary schools.' Such a palpable misrepresentation — no doubt, the result of ignorance, and not design — is unpardonable on the part of a man in Mr. Docker's position, because, if he had any right at all to criticise in his place in Parliament the action of his fellow-citizens, he ought to hare known that he was identifying hundreds of clergymen with the avowed unbelief of the Secularist Propaganda. For what he may say or do in Parliament, Mr. Docker may claim irresponsi bility to people outside ; but, when the Press pub lishes his utterances, he must expect those who regard themselves as slandered to appeal to the Press for vindication, Mr. Charles Campbell's speech was a most extraor dinary performance. He has a thin, weak voice, which, by the way, was frequently heard cheering Mr. Dalley the night previous, until its reiterated 'hear, hears ' became amusing to the audience in the galleries and behind the President's chair, although the staid and self-contained members themselves main tained their gravity and decorum. He must be over 70 years of age ; yet he has all the fire and vivacity of 1 youth, and, judging from this speech, not a little of its indiscretion. In some parts of his oration there was almost genius ; in others, a very close approach to the critical point where the sublime and the ridiculous are contiguous ; and all through there was a laborious display of erudi tion. What with Greek, Latin, French, and Bnglish classics, the speech bristles with quotations, and the speaker's own English was the most remarkable of all. The peroration would have been really sublime with a basis of sound argument ; but without that it became the best sample of eloquent bathos supplied in the course of the whole debate. The Council must not pass the bill because of the personal repugnance of the Queen. How does Mr. Campbell know that such repugnance exists ? Her Majesty will be guided by her constitutional advisers, and if they recommend her to withhold assent to the bill it will fail to become law. But she ha6 already assented to more sweeping educational measures in Victoria, Queensland, and New Zealand, and those measures were not even reserved by her representatives. Mr. Holt's was a practical, common-sense speech in support of the bill, and with that the discussion terminated for the week, having lasted till 10 o'clock, a late hour for the Upper Chamber. Up to the same hour a debate had been going on in the Assembly upon a motion of adjournment by the Premier, who 'deemed it incumbent upon him to make some statement to the House as to the course pursued in another place in respect to the bill to im pose stamp duties.' The whole matter of the respec tive powers and privileges of the two Houses was discussed over again, with some acrimony and eloquence, but with no new arguments. In the matter of speaking power, and altogether apart from the merits of the question, the debate was one of the best sustained of the whole session, and there has been better speaking this session than in any other of the present Parliament. With the exception of some unnecessary personalities between the Premier and the nominal leader of the Opposition, and a little dramatic indignation on the part of Mr. Garrett, there was little to complain of in the tone of the debate. It left one thing plainly evident ; and that is, that the Assembly is almost unanimously in accord with the Premier as to its unlimited power over money bills ; and that it is very much inclined to alter the constitution of the second Chamber. Of the motion itself, that the House adjourn, no result could come, and the Premier only made it upon being challenged, in order to allow7 other members to reply to his explanation. The Government decided to ask the Council to place the bill on their business paper again, as the motion previously rejected was, ' That this bill be tunc read a first time and that does not preclude its being read at some other time, although the rejection of a bill upon such a motion usually decides its fate. After this, Mr. Alexander Gordon, who had been in attendance the whole evening, was called to the bar of the House to plead against the Church and School Lands Dedication Bill, on behalf of his client, the Bishop of Sydney. It was with difficulty that a quo rum of members could be kept together, because they professed to have heard all the arguments before many times over, and the hour was getting late. Mr. Gordon occupied only half- an-hour, and Ms case was : f almost confined to the contention that it is ttftra vim for ,.c our local Legislature to deal with the Church an«l K School lands, because they are in the same position as . j® the Canada clergy reserves, which could not be dealt ^ i -i i i ?with by the Canadian Parliament without a repealing and enabling Act of tlie Imperial Parliament. It is doubtful whether the learned counsel convinced any ! one, even of the few who remained to hear him ; and, for the rest, he has had his speech printed and circu lated in pamphlet form just in time for the unani mous passing of the bill by the Assembly. 1 On Friday Dr. Bowker got at last to the second 'reading of his Medical Bill, which he has had on the business-paper for many weeks — like the man at the Pool of Bethesda, ' waiting for the troubling of the ?waters.' On Friday nights, it seldom happens now that our Parliamentary waters are sufficiently troubled to keep a quorum of members together for more than a couple of hours, and Dr. Bowker's good angel on that occasion was not potent enough to ^protract the season of grace beyond the usual time. The worthy doctor is an enthusiast in his profession, and he had a long string of authorities in support of his case. Mr. Disraeli, Dr. Laycock, Dr. Michel Granier, the Revue de* Deux Mohdes, Dr. Segol, the Saturday Rnictr, Sir William Jenner, Celsus, Cicero, the Emperor Frederick II., and the Bible were all laid under contribution in support of the Medical Bill, and together these authorities — if not misquoted or misapplied— should be au Atlas strong enough to support tlie weight of a world, not to speak of a few score of doctors. The debate, however, had to be ad journed for a week from dread of a count-out, and X)r. Bowker will have still further need of his pro pitious angel. i Tuesday's proceedings call for no special record. Mr. Johnstone lost his Bulahdelah Bridge finally for this session ; but his persistent efforts to force it upon an unsympathetic Government may still be properly appreciated by those whom they concern on the banks of the Williams. Mr. Coonan had grievances at Condobolin to ventilate, and he did give them vent with as much wind as a pair of young lungs could command. He even ventured to divide the House against the Govern ment as an emphatic condemnation of the Minister for Lands, and had the reward of sitting, or rather standing, as teller side by side with his only sympa thiser, Mr. Louis Bevers, against an array of 30 on the other side. Mr. Siennett's perseverance on behalf of his fair client, Miss Connelly, 'was rewarded by an agreement to consider her claims in committee. *Mr. Watson got his third monthly Supply Bill read a first time ; and all was over before 8 o'clock. Wednesday's proceedings were short, not particu larly sharp, 'but most emphatically decisive. The Temporary Supply Bill went through all its stages ?without a word. ' The new schedule increasing the lines of tramway was agreed to, and the bill reported for the third reading, so as to reach the Council the following night. A com pensation clause Mas moved by Dr. Renwick, and strongly supported by Mr. Garrett ; but it had not the ghost of a chance, and it was negatived ?without even a division. Mr. Lackey does not seem disposed to trifle ?with the matter ; and, as the bill leaves the Assembly without a single dissentient voice, it may be expected to become law in a few weeks. Then came the second reading of the Church and School Lands Dedication Bill, which was expected to meet with strenuous opposition. For once ex pectation was pleasingly disappointed. The Premier was content with a brief statement of the position of the estate and the provisions of the bill, Mr. Pilcher and Captain Charles were the only antagonists, and the second reading was agreed to without a division. All the clauses passed in committee ?without debate and with only verbal amend ments; and, were it not that the schedule describing the lands requires to be amended, the ?whole bill would have gone through at one sitting. The learned counsel who told the House last week that the matter was beyond its jurisdiction had the pleasure of sitting behind the Speaker's chair to witness the answer to his plea. After that, leave was given to the Premier to bring in a Licensing Bill, which is not yet quite ready, and honorable members went home at 10 o'clock with the satisfaction of having got through a capital night's work with very little waste of words. The same good fortune waited upon Sir John Robertson's banner in the Council, where the second reading of the Public Instruction Bill was unanimously agreed to, and 10 clauses were passed in committee without amendment. A motion to exclude history from the school curriculum was nega tived by 13 to 4. It would have been an extraordi nary spectacle if the House wliich prides itself upon its comparatively superior culture had made itself the champion of ignorance. The business of the Assembly on Thursday evening ?was the second reading of the Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Bill, wliich was carried without opposition and without debate. It went through committee, also, unopposed, with the exception of the 9th clause, which provides that the four elected members of tlie Managing Board to be created under the Act shall be remunerated by fees not to exceed £150 per annum each. To do this without disqualifying the elected members of the Board from sitting in the Assembly, the 18th section ] of the Constitution Act has to be expressly made inapplicable to them ; and upon this matter, as a new ] form of Government patronage, the debate turned. In the Council a hot debate was provoked on Mr. Samuel's proposal to restore the Stamp Duties Bill i to the business-paper for next Wednesday. It was announced that no opposition would be offered to J the proposal, but the debate scarcely justified that promise, and some hard things were said, notably by 3Ir. Dalley. The whole matter will come over again :next week, and at this point the difficulty between the two Chambers must stop for the present. I 