GENERAL NEWS. At a meeting of the council of the town of Kensington and Norwood in committee, held on Monday, October 11, Councillor Caterer was invited to stand for the mayoralty,each member of'this council promising' to' use his beit endeavors to-secnre~fais return-should there b3-a contest. Counoillor Caterer thanked the council for the honor they desired to confer upon him, and promised to give a reply on Friday nest. ' It,was reported to the City Coroner on Mbnday,-October 11, that a man named -John Calf,.age 90 years,-an old colonist residing at Mitcham, had died. The'7 coroner, on making enquires, ascertained that .deceased had for a number of years refused to see any ;medical man, and that in; the year 1878 . he had written a letter addressed to -the coroner, to be given to him after 7 death,-exonerating his wife from' all blame in. not. calling ■ in 'medicah aid. The friends of deceased did not think' his Bymptoms dangerous nntn Monday evening. Dr.'Ellison was then nailed to-see deceased, bat death preceded the doctor's arrival The caro ner havingxonsaltedthe' dootor, who gave it as his'-opiniadPthat^the cause of death was senile: debay, and having "asseftained from the Eev, Mr. Hocter that. deceased had. had every atten tion ^shown-him byhis-friends, considered it unnecessary to hold an inquest. . A meeting, of the . South Australian; Cricketing Association .committee was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Monday evening, October 11, at which a largeiamount of business was transacted. Mr. J. W. Colton was re-elected. ; chairman of-the-committee, and the chairman, treasurer,' and Messrs. Gooden, Kingston, and Davies were apppinted as .committee of manage ment. : It;. was {decided that;, the. match com- - mittee should consist, of;Oue,delegate from each club. It was . resolved to accept the dates pro-: posed by the Victorian Cricketing Association for: the; intercolonial match, namely, the 12th, 13tb, and , 15th, November; the rqatoh to be plajed in Melbourne,.. The. match committee, will meetion .Wednesday, to choose the team.' The opening matoh web arranged for; October,' 23, when. the team. chosen to go to Melbourne, will play the next fifteen, Tuesdays and Thurs- • days were set apart for practice1 on the Oval.i during the season.: - '• A meeting of tHe. council of the Accli matization Society was beld at the office of the Hon. Berry-Scott on Fri^at/October 8; - There were present His Honor, the" Chief ^Justice (president), Dr. \Vyatfc,/and. Mr. David Murray (vice-presidents), Sir' John .Morphett,.Messrs. . B.- D. -Boss,1 M P,, George ' Hamilton, A. Abrahams, and. the hon. secretary (Mr. E. E. Minchin). Apologies for hon-aitendance weire received-from the- Hon. Henry' Scott, Messrs. . W. J. Margary, M.P., W. West- Erskine, M.P., and G. "W. Goyderv- It wasVesolved tolibafata the yonng trout as early as p ossible/and to. ap jportion one-fourth of the numbeif^^tp ' the ITanunda' subscribers for the purpose of being; !placed in the North Para Biver/the remainder-' [to be set free in the Sixth Creek and the Onkapa jringa. The secretary was authorised to purchase ja number of English song and insectivorous birds ifrom New Zealand. A letter was received from jthe salmon commissioners in.Hobut Town, ex jpressing their readiness to deal liberally with phe society when forwarding next year's supply jof ova, in consequenoeof certainlossessustained ;in the last shipment, .the season being far ad vanced when the: ova arrived at Port Adelaide. The second annual report prepared by the sub committee was read and adopted. In reference to a paragraph wHcli ap peared in Monday's Advertiser and Express giving particulars from a local paper of the drowning of Mrr James Armstrong and his. nephew in the Akitio Biver, New Zealand, we have received the following additional informa tion contained in a letter received by Captain W. Tullock, of Port Adelaide, a brother-in-law of the deceased. Mrs. Armstrong, who is the writer of the letter, says her husband and nephew Archibald had been across the Akitio river branding cattle. "Mr. Armstrong had crossed over, leaving his nephew to bring the cattle, but seeing them breaking away from him turned back to his assistance. In attempting to cross at the river month his horse got into soft mnd or qnicksand. He tried to tarn back, bat failing to do so got off his horse to relieve it, when the animal plunged and strnck him en the temple. He immediately fell stanned. His nephew, seeing him being carried down by the current and straggling in the water, rushed to his assistance. He had to swim his horse in, and succeeded in getting his nnole by the shoulders, when the horse commenced to plunge, and getting its legs entangled in the reins turned over on them both. . A boat was on the spot in about five minntes from the time they sank, but they were' never seento rise. The accident happened on the 1st September, about 11 o'clock in the forenoon. Mr. Arm strong's body was recovered at 11 o'clook that night, and his nephew's at 8 o'clook B&t; MlWBi art were bosi^l on Ftiday afternoon", close to the Akitio Station. Mr, Arhistrbhg leaves a''widow* two sons, and, two daughters. The, deceased was for several' years a huge sheepfarmer at 8tre4ky. BayJ in1 this colony. J. .Mr. Archibald Armstrong oame ont to hlB^pncle about foar yearsago, from Dumfries, Scotland. The following is a record of the rain fall between 9 a.m. on Monday and the same hour on Tuesday, October 12 Yam Creek ... 0084 PowellCreek... 0'250 Barrow Creek 0*400 Pine Creek ... 0*100 Tennant Creek 0*030 Alice Springs... 0*210 On Monday, October li, a young man1 named Frank Batters.was admitted to the Ade laide Hospital, suffering from a*, severe fraotnre . jneartoe ankle joint, causedby jampingoutof a' boggy: .'.'U • *.; . . . \ - J ■ ! , The annual meeting of _t the, Adelaide ] Benevolent and Strangers' Friend" Society was • held at the Church' Office; Leigh-atreet,*on Mon- ' day afternoon. There was only a small at tendance. The Hon. John Colton (president of the society) occupied the. chair; Short ad-1 dresses were delivered by the" Very Be v. Dean : Eussell, the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A, and , others. The report, which was adopted, was' very satisfactory. • f The following Government tenders were j opened on Monday morningAt tbeEogineer-, in-Ohiefs Office—For the construction of jetties ' at Venus Bay, Mount Dutton Bay, and Waterloo ; Bay (four tenders), Frank George lowest ;; for the construction of a jetty at Balgowan, Yorke's j Peninsula (seven tenders), James Nicol & Co. lowest. At the Arohiteot-in-OhieFs Office—For the erection of a post and telegraph office, ati Yarrowie (three tenders), J. 'Teohritz lowest; : for the ereotion of a post and telegraph offioa at: Balaklava (fourlenders), J. Basedow lowest;! for additions and repairs'to the post-office, and j -the ereotion of stabled, &c; ^ at thdrpolioe. station,; Overland Corner (two tenders), not declared; ! On Monday, October 11^-lhe Supreme j Court sat in Banco, and"was"presided over by Mr. JusticeGwynne and Mr. Justice Boucaut. In the case of Formby-and Another v. Cherry and Others costs were given 'for the plaintiifs. In the matrimonial causes jurisdiction an order was made in the divorce snit of Martha Kearney v.Daniel- Kearney that the trial should take place before a judge and jury. Forty shillings per week alimony was granted. Dr. W. Smith ■appeared for the petitioner and Mr. Moore for the respondent. In the suit -for dissolu tion of marriage of Sampson v. Sampson, Mr. Stuart appeared - on behalf of the petitioner, and Mr.- S. G. Kingston forthe respondent. Mr. Stnart, on behalf of his client, asked for directions as to the mode of trial. The case -was ordered to?be tried before & judge aud jury. -In the divorce case of Lamb v.'Lamb a similar order was made, and 14 days' extension of time was allowed for the filing of the affidavits. Mr. S. G. Kingston appeared for the petitioner. In -the case of Philip'Harvey v.; Thomas Hubbard the rule for k new trial was made absolute on the motion :of Mr; Nesbit after Mr.' Wadeyhad shown cause. The. annual meeting of tb e Port Adelaide hrauoh of the British and. Foreign Bible Society was held at the PresbyterianjChurch, Port Ade laide, on Monday evening, October 11. There was only a moderate attendance. Mr. T. Hack, J.P. (Mayor of ;Port Adelaide),"presided; Mr. Thos. Parker (secretary).read the;report, which stated that although the past year's operations of the society had not; been very fruitful iu results, yet it was exceedingly.gratifying to note toe ?. vigorous: efforts that, had lately been made.,to reorganise the. branch, aud no doubt better success would be obtained in the er suing, year. Thanks weredne to the ladies, who had so kindly .consented to act as colli sto?3 for their exertions. , The receipts forthe year amountedrto £18 19s. 7d., and the expenditure £15 19s., which, with.the balance to the goad from the previous year, left £19 lOs. ia the hands of the treasurer (Mr. J. Neill, J.P.) Ib Was regretted that the branch could only spare £10 in the present yesr to the parent .society, bat it was hoped that they would be able to (afford more next time. The value of the Bibles and Testaments in hand was £31 6s 2d. Ad di^rses were delivered by the chairman, the Rev. J. H. Angus, the Rev. W. Law, Mr. J. Neill, and Mr. E. Hounslow. • Mr. G. L. Young, who. for some yeara was agent to the Mount Gambier Steamship Company at Port Adelaide, having recently severed his connection with the company, was presented by a'large number of his friends at the Prince's Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, October. 11, with a' handsome testi monial in token of the esteem and regard in whioh they held him, and of the regret they felt at his resignation. The presentation consisted of a handsome gold watch, suit ably insoribed, a • gold chain, a diamond locket, and a handsomely illuminated and framed address, which ran as follows:— "To Mr. G. L. Young—We the undersigned, hearing with regret that unavoidable circum stances are compelling you to relinquish the agenoy of- the Mount Gambier Steamship Com pany at Port Adelaide, which position yon have, held for ^considerable time, feel that we cannot allow you to leave us without expressing in so me tangible manner the esteem in whioh you are held by your Port Adelaide friends. We there fore begyour acceptance of this address, with tLe accompanying geld watch, and chain, as a small souvenir .ofthe esteem and respect in which we hold you. We also desire to thank you for your uniform.kindness and courtesy to all with whom you have been brought in contaot during. the period ;you have conducted the agency of - the company. With the most sincere wishes for. your future success and welfare, we are, &e.; [Here follow about 50 signatures]. Mr.H.J. Wioksteed (chairman), in an appropriate speech presented Mr. Young with the gifts, and re iterated the compliments.paid to that gentle man in the address. Mr. Young having replied, Mr. Conlon gave the toast ef "The Mount Gambier Steamship Company," to whioh Mr. A. S. Wood responded. Other toasts \ followed, and the proceedings terminated..: Ail improved state of . affairs was initiated in the rising suburb of Unley by the opening of a new post and telegraph office in the municipality on Monday, October 11. Hitherto the post-office has been connected with ; Mr. Samson's store, bat on its being decided to I extend telegranhic communication to Unley a building on the 'Adelaide and Mitcham-road Was obtained and converted into a post and telegraph office. The office is not a pretentious i structure, but will no donbt prove quite suffi cient for the present necessities of the inhabi tants, and it is confidently expected that it is j but the precursor of greater' things. The office j was formally opened at noon by His Worship ; rhe1 Mayor of Unley (Mr. W. Townseud, who was accompanied by Mr. 0. Todd, jC.M.G. (P.M.G. and S.T.),and several represen tative residents of the township. Congratulatory {messages were Bent to His Excellency the Go vernor, the Chief Secretary, the Minister of {Education, and the mayors of Adelaide and Port Adelaide,, and replies of a similar nature {were received. Cheers we're > given for Her Majesty the Queed, the Minister of Education, jthe mayor and-mayoress of Unley, and the Post master-General ; and an adjournment was after wards made to the :Conncil:-chamber, where a champagne: lnnoheon was provided by His {Worship the Mayor, who presided. After the usual loyal toasts His Worship proposed" The jbealth of the Ministry," conpled with the name pf the Minister of Education. He allnded to the strides which had been made in this direction pf the extension of telegraphic and postal com munication ovpr the colony, and said, it was not so mnoh the question of cost that was tobe looked to as the. convenience of the inhabitants. The present Ministry deserved every praise for the way in which they had endeavored to meet the demands made upon them for postal and tele graphic communication, and he was pleased that Unley had been at last connected with the telegraphio system of the world. He also pro-. posed " The health of the Postmaster-General," and spoke in terms of eulogy of Mr. Todd's scientific attainments' and of the great service which he had done the colony as,head of the Postal and Telegraphic Department.. Mr. Todd, in replying, said the colony might feel proud of the position which it held as being the first to establish telegraphic communication with Europe. He stated that the sending of a tele gram from Melbourne to the. Queen at Palmoral in twenty-three minutes^ whioh had taken place lately in connection with the great world's fair in the neighboring colony of Victoria, was never dreamt of by the most san guine persons a f e wyears ago. He also referred to the progress which hadbeen made in the colony since the telegraph office was first opened in Ben tham Neales's buildings many years ago. Mr. J. H. Bagster, J.P., proposed "The health of Hia Worship the Mayor," and said that the residents of Unley would rejoice in the fact that they now enjoyed privileges equal, to those partici pated in by the residents in any of the munici palities. His Worship in replying said that he had cheerfully brought all his experience to bear for the benefit of the residents of the town, and he was glad that his efforts had been suc cessful to sUch an extent as they had been. The gentlemen presentafterwards inspected the new town hall and institute, and expressed , their satisfaction that a building bo eminently suit able to the requirements of the place hadbeen. erected. An entertainment will be given in St Augustine's Church, Unley, this evening, The; following' are the^ results 'of the pupikteachers' examinations 'held daring the last Michaelmas holidays:—Glass !;, in order of merit^—William Ham, Walldroo''Minea; Emily G. Tarten.Hindmarsh; Thomas'. H/S. Nioolle, Kapunda; Blanohe J. Brown, Moonta Mines; Alice E. GirdieBcone, Strathalbyn; Maggie Dale, Central Model; Annie B. Ohesterman, Hindmarsh; Beseie Chester,. Central Model, and Eva Jeffrey,' Moonta Mines, equal, Frederick Cleave^ Port Adelaide; Edwin W; Williams, Kadiha; Bessie' W. Henderson. Strathalbyn; Fanny Cooks, Moonta Mines; Kate M.CatloWWankalilla; Caroline Ferguson, Kadina,. and William Howard, Moonta, equal. Class H., ,in alphabetical order.—Audre war tha, Emma A. Norwood* Model; Bennett, Geo. H., Uraidla; Bentley, Rosa B., Bnrra; Bermingham, Thos., Wbodchester; Burpee, . William * B., Wallaroo Bay; Oarrack, Mary, Riverton; Chittleborotfgh, Emily, Hindmarsh; Close, Helena, Strathalbyn; Cooper, Kate, Angaston; Dowes, Sarah J., East [AdelaidejModel; Gors, Amelia E. H, East Adelaide Model; Hamence, Charles E. T., Moonta; Hervey, Agnes, Central Model; Howell, Herbert, Port Adelaide; Loessel, Alma,Miss Piper, Stepney; Maokie, Lema F., East Adelaide; MoDongall, Mary A., Oompton Downs; Mardon, Hannah M., Wallaroo Bay; Matheson, Margaret A., Strathalbyn; Moffatt, Anna, Moonta; Nettleton, Alice, Gawler; Sanders, Edith, Port Adelaide; Shepherd, Eva, Gawler; Stodart, Margaret A., Norwood Model; Tallack, Mary A., Angaston; Tomsett, Char lotte J., East Adelaide' Model; Tcesize, Alfred, Moonta Mines; Tack, Maria A., Mount Torrens;. Watson, . Isabella, Central Model; Wedemeyer, Emilie,,, .Norwood ;Model; Wil liams, Martha, Central Model; Wright, Marcos H„, Norwood Model. Thirty-three failures. First . Year Pupil Teachers—Class I,, in order of'merit.—Henry J.Armitage, Norwood Modei; Annie M. .Anson, Kadina; Theodore S. Bosch, Central Model; Albert Nootnagel, Central Model; Janet F. Breakell, Central Model; Angus Cameron, Kapnnda ; $hosi Roberts, Hindmarsh. First Year Pupil Teaohers.—Class II., in alpha betical order.—Arnold, Mary, Central Model; Ooates, Emma, Moonta Mines; Ekers, Alice, Hindmarsh; Field, Amelia E., Mount Gambier; Hart, Thomas E., Kadina; Herring, Isabella's.; i Norwood Model; - Hotson, Aunie, Kingston ; Hunter, Annie, E., Border Town; Maader, ! Alethea. A;, Goodwood; McLean, Jane, Lefevre'a Peninsula; Nootnagel, Kate, Thebarton; Oates, Edward J.,Moonta; Schaohe, Pauline, Greenook; Snooke, Caroline, Hindmarsh; Sutcliffe, i Hannah, Port Adelaide; Tamblyn, Florence, 1 Kadina; Todd, John, Lefevre's Peninsula; Tonkin, Mary J., Moonta MineB; Trezise, Walter, Moonta Mines; - Twelve failures. Second Year Pupil Teaohers—Class I., in order of merit.—Annie E. Paltridge, Mount Gambier.; William Innes, Salisbury; John Jones, Kadina; and Duncan MoArthnr, Mount Gambier, equal; Bertie S. Roach, Moonta, and Jno.,Tuoker, Moonta MineB, equal; Isabella 1 Graham, Strathalbyn ; Jessie Dodson, Advance 'School for Girls, and. Andrew .FergossonV Wallaroo Mines, equal; Thomas J. Moore, East Adelaide Model; Martha Gharleswdrth, Hindmarsh; George Pennyffeld, Gumeracha ; Lucy W.,* Langsford, Bast Adelaide Model;. Emma M. Hill,' East Adelaide Model; Louisa Symons, Burra; Edward J. Nettle, Moonta Mines. Second Year Pdpil Teachers—Class. . II., in al phabetical order.—Brokate, Ernest M., Central Model; Dace, Alice M., North Adelaide Model; Glastonbury, George H., North Adelaide Model; Kasten, Elizabeth, North Adelaide Model; Osborne, William H., .Gooiwa; Eodda, Mary W., Moonta; Rose, Joanna E., Madame Marvel's. Twelve failures.- Third year.—Class I.,in order of merit.—Bennetts, Annie,C.. Norwood Model; Anderson, Jane, Centra! Model; Donnell, William, Hindmarsh; Halls, William, Moonta Mines; Donnithorne,. Susan, Strathalbyn; Stephens, Maria, Wallaroo Bay; Hancock, Thomas, North Adelaide. - Class II, in alpha betical order.—Nicholls, Ellen J., Port Adelaide; Welch, Alice N., Whitmore-s juare. Five failures. Fourth Year—Class I., iu order of merit.— Newman, Geo. G., Ceatial Model School; Joues, Fd.ub M., Rivet ton; Fair weather, John, Crntial Mr.del School; Charlton, Charles, Port Ade'atde; Enell, Annie, Euira; Dace, Marian E, North Adelaide.. ;Glass II., in alphabetical order.—Moore, Thomas, Nor woe d Model; Wil liams, Alfred, Moonta Mines. Six failures. An entertainment is "to. be given in the Draper Memorial Lecture-hall tbis eveniog, when Mr. J. B. Champion will give a lecture ; entitled " London to Paris." A concert is to be given in the Albert Hall, Pirie-street, this evening, by members of the Adelaide Liedertafel. An excellent pro gramme haB been prepared. Tea and public meetings in connection with the reopening of the Bible Christian Church, Yatala, near the Alberton Railway Sta tion, will be held this evening. Hill, the trainer, left for Melbourne by ! the steamer Victorian on Monday, taking with i him Rotbsohild, First Water, Totalizator, Spectre, Annie Firmin, and Lavinia. Mr. Joshua Payne is to. deliver a lecture this evening in the Town Hall on " The as | peot of Monnt Lofty.". Discussion is invited. • The service of song which was given so ' successfully in the Congregational Church, Port ■ Adelaide, a few evenings ago, will be repeated ' on an early date; the proceeds of the repetition ! aretobe forthejbenefitof the widow and orphans • of the late Captain J.Lewis. ! There was a very good house at Garner's I Theatre on Monday .'night to witness the repeti tion of Professor Pepper's Ghost entertainment, i The various spectral effects' were shown mnoh j better than on Saturday evening, and elicited i the warm approbation of the audience. The : photographs of ancient and modern, statues^ i and the other magic-lantern exhibitions were | also very mnch and justly applauded. . The per , formance will be repeated this evening. I The opera of " Maritaua" was repeated I at the Theatre Royal on Monday to a larger {house than en Tihe opening night. The ! principals were in excellent vuica, and | were loudly applanded in the leading : numbers. The choruses were spiritedly 'rendered, and the members of the orchestra ; were well up to their work. The per j formance on the whole was a decided improve 1 ment upon that of Saturday. Tuis evening I Balfe's charming opera, "TheRose of Oastille," will be presented, with the following casta:— Manuel, a muleteer, Mr. Armes Boaumont; Don Pedro, Mr. O.H. Templeton; DonSallust, Mr. G. A. Johnstone; Don Florio, Mr. Arthur ! Howell; Pablo, Mr. B. Levison; Donna Carmen, Miss E. A. Lambert; Duchess of Calatrava, Miss : Harris; Elvira, Madame Rose Hersee. 