ROMANCE, Translated from the Spanishk BY, F. W.. SCaivzsoa:.o.: ... " Grandes.guerras se publican Entre Espanay Portugal." Now great and bloody war's declared 'Twixt I'ortugal and Spain, And to the Count del Sol is given The Captain-General's namue. The Countess even as a child Goes all the time in tears " O, tell nme, Count, you will be gone From me how many years ?' •"My child, a now spouse thou mayst take If in six years I'm not hero." Now, six long years have passed away, And eight have sadly fled; Thru Countess weeps in solitude, And so the dark days fled ; When in her chamber on a day Her Priest to see her came " What ails thee, daughter of my soul ? Why ceaseless weeps thy paim " " Pather, father of my life, By the most Holy Graile, 0, give to me thy gracious leave, And tlherin do not fail, That I may go and seek the Count." " My daughter, take thy will," o o 0 0 0 0 0 The next day travelled sadly forthla.--.. - The Countess on her way; She roamed o'er France, Spain, Italyr Without nor rest, nor stay, At last in desperation She turned her home again, When a great herd of cattle She chanced upon a plaicn "Little shepherd I little shepherd t ly the HJoly Trinitee, O, tell me never a falsehood,. But all the truth give me To whom belongthese goodly herds That great and grand I see ?" " To whom but the Count of the Sun, Ladle, Who this day will married be." "Good shepherd, O, good shepherd, As thou shalt prosperous be, Take thou, my rich and shlining silks, Thy sackcloth give to me ; And lhou shalt take me in thy,hand, And at his door me leave, To ask a charity of him, For God's sake lie to give. o 0 0 0 0 0 She's standing at his threshold, And the 'ount himself cloth see, Surrounded by hiscgentlemen, His squires for to be. " 0 give me, Count, some charity ?" The Count, in doubt and pain Cries, " Woman, what country art thou of ?" "A native, Count, of Spain." " Rather art thou some roaming ghost Come to disturb nmy life." " No ghost am I, dear Count," she cried, Ilut thy mcst loving wife. To horse I to horse ! the Count's away, The Counter; rides behindd, Swift to their castle they relurn : Saved I saved ! once more with love they And Count and C'ounteas of the Sun Sweet consolation find. 