THE BEER TAX. A deputation from tho Lioensed Victuallers' Association, on the subject of the beer tax, was introduced to Mr Berry this morning by Messrs Carter aud L. L. Smith. Ms.L.A,. Sir O, M'Mahon was also present. Mr Berry was accompanied by Mr A. T. Clark, Mr Carter briefly introduced ths deputation, remarking that tho duty would either be too great or too small, bearing now entirely upon tbe publican With respeot'to tbe registration fee of 5s for tobnoco, there could be no objeot in enforcing a second registration, Mr L. L. Smith objected to tha tax as falling on the working men, nnd not where it was intended to fall, on the manufnzturers. Ho pointed out tho political odium whioh tbo messuro would oxcite, and illustrated it by the notion of tbe publicans in England. A revenue could be muoh onsier raised from malt or a duty on all beer mads from BUgar, which wonld also improve the boor. Mr Mcader, President of tho Society, urged that the tax being ono on ooloninl industry, it should be tbe last imposed. The trade was already sufficiently hundianpped by the duties on malt and hops. It was omphatioally a tax on labor, Tbo publiaaus had not yet put It on the consumer but would have to do so. Sir Charles MnoMnbon corroborated tho opinion of Mr L. L. Smith with respcot to sugar beer. The reason why sugar was used was because browing could take plaoe more quiokly, Tbe taste of the people was for a goad nrticle, and if oncouragoi by tbe Govern ment great good would bo done, eay by ex empting from the tax pure malt beer. Mr Parker, secretary of tho association, said ho appeared tor a number of tho couutry towns. Ho wished to call tho attention at tbe Chief Scoretary to the state of affairs with regard to tbo consumption of colonial malt and hops which was rapidly increasing to the detri ment oi tho import trade in the (o'commodi ties In the year ended 30tb June, 1880, the con sumption oi foreign hops amounted to 377,3201b andof colonial bop3 484,7181b. The consump tion of foreign malt was 71,3G0 bushels and colonial malt 474,891 bushels. Deipito this the production of hcer itself had fallen off from 15,370,715 gallons to 13,7G9,990 gallons, while an increase took place in the consumption of sugar. He was of an opinion that a small exciso duty on colonial malt and hops would be sufficient to supply tha lack of revenue whioh would be caused by tho abolition of the duty on beer. At present the profits of the trade lay mostly between tbo brewer and tho farmer. It was fair they should pay their share of revenue, and such a small duty as ho recom mended would supply ths sum the Treasurer required, without foroing the brewer tu have recourse to imported material and therefore at all affecting tbe produotion of those articles. ' Ho would euggest3i n bushel on malt and Gd n pound on hops, and at the same time a slight increase on tho dutieB on the foreign articles, Mr Berry said tho matters the depu tation had brought before him were of the greatest importance, and especially the remarks whioh had fallen from several members of tbe deputation with respect to tho use of sugar in brewing. The Government bad had the matter undsr serious considera tion, and in eome other countries a duty was put upon BUgar beer,< while pure malt and bop beer c icaperl without taxation. How ever, these matters could not be considered at present, as the question of revenue was now tbe pressing one. Tnis tax was purely a revenue one, in fact the money was wanted, and indeed had been already appro priated. However, during the recess which tbey hoped would occur soon, it was the inten tion of the Government to prepare n measure whioh would relieve puro mult aud hops from duty. nnd lie thought the duty being retained on sugar beer would turn the scale in the direc tion of the manufacture of a better class of beer. Of course, however, tbat would destroy tbe revenue, which was the teudency of ail praieotlve measures, Though he believed the principle of protection to be good, and to do good to a people, yet the revenue invariably loit. Everybody, however, gained, and therefore some other means must he devised to recoup tbe revenue. The revenue derived from epirits and tobacco bad also fallen off, and the present tax wue nu attemp; to balance the scale without altering the beneficial effect of a protective policy. He believed that owing, to protection, the importatioa of malt and hops would soon ceuse entirely. That would, while profiting the country ,toduoe the revenue egain, and thorefore tho Government believed that it might fairly be supplemented from beer. This project sc lined fair, nnd in Tasinauiu the tax was 3d per gallon, and tha price to consumers was not in creased, but the whole or tbe tax was paid by tbe browors. He had ua doubt that earns en terprising brewers could be fouud, who if tlioy were guaranteed a certain amount of custom for a curtain time would coulinue to supply tha publicans at the old prices. Ha would say nothing about what might be done after the present iininuial year ; but there was 110 chance of any altera tion until then. A. member of the deputation : Wo oannot stand the tax, sir. If we aro forced to pay it we ehall all bo ruined. Mr Berry : Tnat is a matter of trade prac tice. Another member: But it is a class tax Rich inan do not drink colonial beer. Mr Berry resumed: He was not one of these who advocated the exemptioa oi working men from all taxation. They had representation and must pay for it by contributing their 'share to the expenses of the oountry. As things stroi now every proposal to reduce tho expenditure of the country met withBtrosgreaistuuee, and every attempt to impose taxation met with the same, while at all times - numbers of deputations from all parts oi the country wcro urging the Government ta increase tho expenditure of the country by Bpsoial grants. There was no intention to overweight the production of colonial beer ar.d if tbe Commissioner of Customs recommended an inoroaso in the duties on English hoers hnlh draught and in bottle that wonld be done. However nicer what he had heard he proposed to conaidsr tbo question of tne re duction of the duty to 1(1 por gallon at the cud of the financial year. Mr Blutt here strongly urgad upon Mr. Berry (he advisihility of such a loduaiion, nud to take tbo opportunity of tho close of tho finaucial year to do eo, and at tin: same time to see that the publicans got ths quantity, for which he puid duty. Tho publicans oould not get at the brewers, nnd were obliged to pay the tax ns tho brewers were not. They were must of tbo Con servatives, and would he glad to see tne tax 4d, or oven Gd, in the hope of bra iking the hack of tha Government- The publicans wore the roust honvily taxed pciplo in the country, They weie taxed in tha first place by tho landlords, who . de manded extra rent from them ; by 'the civio councils, who rated thorn nt higher rates than adjaoent properties they wore taxed by the Govern ment, nud now they "1 wero taxed by the brewers, aud from ths Istlor there waH no escape, as a very large number of housos wero completely in their hands and under thoir control. He also pretested against tha us registration foe for tobacco, 03 it wns not needed for registratio 1 puipo?0", nnd billiard tables, etc., wero uover charged for to licensed victuallers. Mr Berry re mined that ho wonld rosom- mend tho reduction of the duty on tbe beer to one penny por gallon. He had consulted his colienRue, Mr Clark, on the matter wk 1 agreed with him, and he bad no doubt ho could obtain tbo oancurrcano of tbe other membors of the Gavevumoat to its reduction after the 1st of July next. As regards the malt cxci>o And the sugar question he could not deal with them nt present, but they should receive tho careful coiRiderntion of the Government Ho agreed with tho deputation that the registra tion fee of 5s for tbo sale of tobacco wai not needed in the ease of publicans, and that would bo Vemittod, Mr Stutt had mentioned the question of the quantity contained lu tho b-rrcls, and on that point he had consulted with his colleague, tha Com missioner of Customs, who would take measures that each barrel should he accurately gauged, and the publionn should not pay the dutv on moro beer than was actually contained in tho casks sold to hiin. Tho deputation then, after thanking the Minister for his onnceision, and tho courtesy with which lie had reooived tbem, took their leave. Smiling.— Miss D. sends us a poem, entitled, "I cannot mafia him smile." Wo oannot pub. lieh it unless she gives us tho nnine of the young man. All the young men we knew " smile " privately. Bouovolent.— "I gavo him a good start," as the ghost said, when he bad frightened a little boy. 