THE. valuable annual report of the President of the Marine Board has just-been issued, and contains more than. an ordinary , amount of information and carefully thought-oat suggestion. Respecting the Inner Harbor we are told that vessels drawing more than fourteen feet cannot pass Jover the inner* bar, and consequently deepening must be continued to an uniform depth of 'tWfenty-oae feet if vessels of considerable tonnage are to come, intp the harbor. During the year 337,251 tons of silt have been raised at Port Adelaide'at a : cost of £20,248 13s. 9d., and it is thought that instead of wasting this it might be deposited on Snapper Point and' made "to reclaim that' low-lying land, or on the Government Reserve known as the Coalshed. Mr.: President is strong upon the important ' point of 'the Government becoming possessors by purchase of the alienated whaif frontages, so that the improvements made in the harbor may bear their legitimate influence' upon the public revenues in lieu of simply increasing "the value of private property^ besides' leading v to,a reduction in the present? heavy port charges. An allusion is made to the significant fact that numerous berths are at present unoccupied, the reverse having been formerly the case at this season of the year, and this change is attributed to the fact ot the establishment • weekly steam communication direct with Great Britain. It is recommended that the inner bar -be deepened to eighteen feet at low water, and until that is done it is practically found that the harbor is no further advanced than it was five years ago. Upon this the Register bases a case for raising the ghost of an outer harbor at L^rgs Bay, and strongly urges that that work should be undertaken without delay 0 —not as a rival to the Port, but as an auxiliary. It says, "The whole question of harbor accommodation needs to be again very carefully considered in the light of the changing conditions of colonial life. . . . The ocean,steamers are canying a great deal of cargo which it was said they would not carry. . . . In regard to - large. steamers drawing from twenty-four to twenty-six" feet the difficulty, [su^fici^nt depth in the-harbor] will probably never be overcome, . . As the shipping is likely to be more and more distributed between various ports, it would be absurd to spend upon one port enormous sums when all that is required' could be done at a less expense and in a *shorter time by the construction of an outer harbor." This is summing up the matter pretty clearly, but there are many people in Port Adelaide who will require a good deal of convincing ere they subscribe to this view. Of course the report is far too voluminous for transfer to our columns, but we feel bound to express our satisfaction that amongst a host of important subjects it does not lose sight of a question upon which we have recently several times written. We make the following extract— The amendment of the five Marine Beard Acts now in force has been postponed from time to time, awaitingfesther Imperial legislation; but, considering the number of Acts relating to merchant shipping which have been passed in England during the last few years, it is not likely that any further alteration will be made fo T some time. 1 therefore suggest that a new Bill be at once prepared with a view of remedying the defects in our present laws, and including subjects which are not dealt with at all— for instance, unseaworthy ships, grain cargoes, chain cables, anchors, and marking load-line. Some con- siderable'.time since the home authorities promised to draft a*' measure, and submit ic to the Governments of all the Australian colonies and New Zealand, on the subject of the mode of procedure in making enquiries into wrecks and casualties. Recently, however, we ha.ve .been informed that such .promise has been withdrawn, and on this most important point 'the present mode of procedure in the official Court of Enquiry in South Australia is altogether objectionable, and positively tinfair to those officers whose conduct may be called in question. _ I allude particularly to the constitution of the official court/ where any Stipendiary Magistrate and two Justices of the Peace can hear and decide upon matters about which they have not the slightest skilled knowledge. When the Act was framed the Marine'Boaxddrew attention/to the necessity for the appointment of nautical assessors, but no notice was paid to the representations then made. This slate of things should be remedied at the earliest opportunity. If it is considered desirable that two Justices should assist the Stipendiary Magistrate it is still more necessaxy .that at least two 'nautical assessors be• provided for. lithe Government are unable to introduce a comprehensive measure this session a short Act to meet the defects refened to should be prepared and laid before the Legislature on the reassembling of Parliament. There are numerous other .matters dealt with in .this report of the greatest interest to our mercantile marine; and this annual review of affairs directly affecting shipmasters and owners is to be regarded as eminently useful and satisfactory. I Tjs natural that warm sympathisers with the Liberal party in England should rejoice over the advantages which that party is gaining for itself during the present election contests. A calm view, however, of the situation outside of —above and beyond merely personal and party triumphs, and considerations of that sort, may discover less to hope for than fear, from the great party strife. The Conservative Government was unquestionably a strong one: unles s we. are mistaken, that of their successors will be comparatively weak. Their present majority is said to include Radicals and Home Rulers. ^Accepting this asa fact, then, unless they are prepared to " keep in " with these parties, they may suddenly find themselves shorn of their help, and opposed by their power. The two great parties in the British Pailiament are now so, nearly balanced in power that either may overcome the other by a little outside help. The temptation then to try this outside help wall be almost irresistible*to both sides; and it will necessarily have a correspondingly corrupting influence upon the party, whichever it may be, for the time being in office. But as regards home affairs the remedy for such a case is even at hand, and may be applied so soon as the evil becomes intolerable, and before the division of the "kingdom." against itself can produce desolation. The case, however, is far otherwise in matters of an international character.. England cannot afford to lose the prestiege and the respect and confidence of other nations. Neither can she sanely hope to retain these, and yet periodically reverse her foreign policy in its most vital points. What nation would value an alliance, offensive and defensive, with England, if it were a thing to be expected that she would reverse her foreign politics upon every fluctuation of political power from one to another of two almost equally balanced parties—a third party being in readiness to turn the scalt either way at any time ? That now under the Conservatives she would stand fully prepared to protect her own interest everywhere, and at the same time to take a prominent and Influential part in concert with other nations in guiding the'world's affaire: and that- anon under the Liberals, she would point to America as the great country of the future, and say of herself that she was but a little-island in a small corner of Europe—that she had no interests :abroad for which she would fight, and that she disclaimed a right to keep up, by intervening military stations, communication between herself and her distant possessions j that other nations might do as they pleased, but that her confiding allies must fight their own battles, and take care of themselves. That her policy was that of non- interference? There is a numerous party • at home strongly in favor of interpreting international law, and of administering international justice by means of a European Congress, instead of by an appeal to war. But even thus the idea of military' coercion is not to Be got rid of. Supposing a defaulting nation to be powerful, as well as refractory, the idea is, that it should be punished by the continued action of all the others. This presupposes a state of military preparedness on the part of each of them. Indeed, their voting powers in congress would doubtless be determined by a classification based upon their standing judged from a military point of view. It is inconceivable, for example, taking the world as it is, that Greece or Switzerland would be permitted to exercise a voting power in congress equal to that claimed and exercised by Russia and Prussia. In such classification oscillating England would probably take the place of the active "spotted pig," which, as we are told, jumped about so much that it could not be counted at all! War is a dreadful thing, of course—especially to nations not ready for it. It ought to be avoided, even t"at a great *cost in money, if it may be so avoided—some would say at any cost, " peace at any price." But nations like individuals are liable to have quarrels thrust upon them : and the question arises—Should a nation when threatened act like a sane and plucky individual, in self-defence, by seizing vantage-ground, and by forcing the crisis on at a favorable time and place; or should a timorous policy of non-interference be kept up, not indeed to avert war, but to allow the nation to drift into it, feebly and disastrously, as the Liberals allowed England to drift into the Crimean war! It is true that Gladstone's party promise to carry out the foreign policy of the present (rovernment j but there are some things which it is well should not be attempted by those who thoroughly disapprove of them. And the foreign policy in : question is one of those things. Mr. Gladstone not only strenuously opposed every precautionary measure taken by the present Ministry when war seemed to be inevitable, but he also went into minute calculations respecting the money-cost of such timely precautions. If he really thinks that their value to the nation may be estimated in that way, he will be apt to cany out Disraeli's foreign policy pretty much in the same spirit and way as that in which the peace party in Carthage carried out the foreign policy of Hannibal—that is, by withholding on the score of economy the essentials to success | Thus was lost to Carthage. the golden opportunity which never returned. Golden opportunities seldom do return when similarly lost. Britain now occupies this place of Carthage, as pre-eminently the " great trafficker among the nationsj" and as "mistress of the seas." By .placing her incalculable wealth and widely-scattered' interests in the charge of men who .ostentatiously disregard military precautions, she causes history to so far repeat itself. Who shall say to such repetition, "thus far shalt thou go and no further. England shall imitate the folly of Carthage with impunity. Russia shall not imitate Rome." THE importance of rocket signals at sea is only to be understood by those, who have experienced the necessity of using them 5" and, as the subject is worthy of attention, we quote from the Sydney Daily Telegraph, the following description of rocket experiments made by Captain Cooper, commander of the John Elder, of the Orient Line, whilst in the harbor there. We may remark preliminarily that the rockets appear to be identical with those shown by Captain Lawes, Port Adelaide, about three months ago r*- A number of gentlemen interested in maritime pursuits attended on board the steamship John Elder, an she lies off Garden Island, to witness a series of experiments with the patent socket and distress alarm signals manufactured by the Cotton Powder' Company, of London. This company, whose extensive works are at Faversham, have for some time past turned their attention to the production of signalB that would be both simple for firing, in the event of haste requiring them to be promptly discharged, iand so perfect as to never fail in cases of emergency; That they have done so is supported by the fact that the Board of Trade has expressed itself quite satisfied as to their invention' being conformable to the requirements of the Act above referred to, and the result of the experiments last night was no less satisfactory. The rockets themselves are of small bulk, and quite safe in handling, while the sound of their discharge, together with the amount of light they gave out in their ascent, was sufficient to attract the amount of attention required. The facility with which they could be used was amply demonstrated, no small recommendation in their favor being that no preparation for • firing was requisite, neither matches, port-fire, nor light of any sort being used. Those present warmly expressed their approval of the invention, and there is no doubt that these signals will now come into general use. The great advantage in connection with them is that in addition to aloud explosion, equal to that of a 10-pounder cannon on deck, as a preliminary warning, the rocket explodes in the air with a report winch resembles a loud clap of thunder, and the reverberation rolls away and is huard for some time. Prior to the discharge of the new invention, one or two of the ordinary danger rockets were discharged, and the contrast between the two signals was most remarkable. One great advantage connected with the new signals is that in case of a ship being abandoned the whole of the apparatus can be taken on board the b'oats, and being waterproof, the castaways can attract the attention of any vessel passing in the distance. There were a number of nautical authorities on board the John Elder to witness the experiments, and they were unanimous in their expressions of opinion that "the report in the air" was a great improvement on any danger signal hitherto invented. 