" ' THU SISTKU-IN-LAW. ? ?? (l'rom Ute Alta California). ; ' So you liko it, Barbara V said tho bridegroom, smiling down into tho blue oyes that shone liko violet stars against Iiis breast. ' It's ii little paradise !' the bride answered enthusiastically. And so it was-tho pretty cottage-house, witli its miniature bay-window, its frescoed parlour, tho little dining room, with dados and friezes, according to thu most modem idea of art, and tho chintz-draped windows upstairs. ' And overytiling is just ns you would have it?' questioned Mr. Fontaine. ' Yes, except-' And thou Barbara stopped short, and began witli it little embarrassment, to (inger thc hut- tons of her husband's great-coat. ' Except what,- my darling,1 urged Fontaine tenderly. ' Must your sister livo with us always?' asked Harham with a little pout. Fontaine's brow clouded over. ' She luis no other homo, Barbara,1 ' Don't you like her, Barbara V ' No I don't,' said Barbara, with a shrug of the shoulders. 1 She's so cold, and silent, and sullen. And she isn't a bit pretty. J liko people to hu pretty1 'You're au unreasonable little puss!' said the bridegroom, laughing. ' Mary is well enough, lt's her way to be silent.' ' But it isn't mine. And I shall be sure to quarrel with her before tho week is out.' 'Tho quarrelling will bo all on your side,' said Fontaine. ' Mary never quarrelled with any ono in her lifo.' ' I hate h II maa clams !' said Barbara. ' Ah, you'll got along splendidly !' said Fon- taine, glancing at his watch. ' And now good- bye ! i'm lalo for business already.' As he went out through the pretty little octagonal anteroom, he saw Mary Fontaine, standing, like a pale statue, between tho white muslin curtains, and thc unpleasant idea whether she could possibly haw overheard any part of their recent conversation entered his mind. ' Go in and talk to Barbara, Polly,' said lie, cheerfully. ' She'll bo a little lonesome with- out mo just at first, and will be glad of your company.' Miss Fontaine glided, like a silent ghost, into tho bright drawing-room, where the tea roses blossomed, and Lin; canaries sang, and a bright soa-eoal lire glowed under tho maroon velvet draperies of the mantle. But, with nil her ofliirts lo bo sociable, she found herself unable to talk. Subject was taken up mid dropped, until Barbara desisted in despair. ' Sit there? like a statua of silence-and a grim ono at that, if you like,' said she to her- self, as shu look up a novel and leaned hack among the sofa ensilions., 'I can stand it, if you can ?' mid a dead muteness fell on them. Mary Fontaine's eye, fulling on thc opposite .mirror, took in the contrast between the two, and a pang thrilled through her heart. Bar- bara was like a little human sunbeam, so bright so vivacious, so full of mirth and sweetness, with her flossy masses of golden hair, wild rose complexion and laughing blue eyes ; while she, palo and dark, with solemn gray eyes, colourless complexion, and lips that seemed stricken absolutely dumb in tho presence of the bride, was the type of a cloud. ' It is ns she said,' thought poor Mary. ' I um not ii pleasant object about the house ; T don't wonder that she wants mo out of it. But, oh, 1 did so hope that sho would have loved mc a little Y As the weeks went ob, Mary grew even colder and less demonstrative in manner ; and Barbara more careless and iudiU'erent, while Harry Fontaine looked dubiously on. ' Tho girls don't get on well together,' said he to himself, ' and I'm sure I don't know why.' But ono chill)' autumn evening, as Mary Fontaine was strolling aimlessly among the woodland paths, just beyond the garden wall, picking up ii red leaf hero and there, she met afat, vulgar-looking old woman, carrying a black velvet bag, and dressed in thu very height of tho fashion, coming out of the cottage gate. ' Aro you one of tho family ¡' said the old woman brusquely. Mary looked at her in amazement. ' I am Miss fontaine,' said she. ' Then I think you ought lo interfere,'said the old woman opened her black velvet bug. 'I don't understand you,' snid Mary. The old woman opened her black velvet bag. 1 L lok hore !' said she. ' Young Mrs. Fontaine's diamonds !' And, surd enough, she displayed a little cross of gold studded with sparkling stones, which Mary knew had been lier brother's bridal gift to pretty Barbara Sanlloy. ' 1" nm Mrs. Jackson,' said tho vulgar old woman, who hud tv watering eye, a red nose, and a husky voice, as if sho spoko from under ii feather-bed, ' I'm in tho borrowing and lending business, and I supplied young Mrs. Fontaine with money for her wedding-clothes. She nover paid mo. Said she couldn't; said her husband didn't make her nu allowance simply [mid thc bills as they cunio in. Well, I wasn't going to stand this, you know. I threatened to put the wholo thing into a lawyer's hands for collection. Then she gave ino this cross for security, she said ; but 1 can't sell it, not yot I can't koop it. This way of doing business don't suit ino- no, nor nover did. So I'm going straight to Mr. Fontaine himself ; and if my young lady donJt like it sho may just lump it-that's nil there is to it.' Mary Fontaiuo had listened with interest. ' How much is the debt T said she. 1 Well, miss, what with interest and com- pound interest, and collecting charges, and my own expenses,' said the odious old woman, counting up thc items on tho fingers of hor dirty kid gloves, ' it's nigh GOO dollars-570 dollars and 87 con ts.' ' Como into thc houso witli mo,' said Miss fontaine, ' and I will write a cheque for the amount,' " Von ain't in airnest 1' said tho old woman, incredulously. | ' Yes, I um." When Mrs. Jackson departed, sho carried in her greasy pocket-book a chequo for 570 dollars and 87 cents, and tho little diamond cross lay in a certain roso- loaf-scontod Japaneso box in Mary Fontaine's drossing-enso. Mr. and Mrs. Hurry fontaiuo wore going out together to a dinner-party that ovening, Tho brido wore hor wedding-dress of cranny whito silk, her wedding- flowers wovon into tho flossy gold of her hair, and a simple turquoise brooch fastoned tho narrow frilling of rich laeo at her throat, as sho carno smiling downstairs, Fontaine looked critically ut her, and missed one detail of hor toilet. I 'AVlioro-me your - diamonds, Barbara V li asked-" tho little diamond cross V i Tho sudden scarlot mounted to her brow. ' I-I proferrcd not to .wear it to-night, sho stammored, busying, herself with ho bouquet. ' (io and get it at oneo, dear,' Fontaine said hurriedly. . I want my little wifo to look hoi host and sweetest to-night.' 'But, Hurry-' ' Quick !' said he, with loving imperiousness 'I'll wait in tho hall while you aro gone. Ii won't niko you a minuto.' Slowly, and with hv/ging footsteps, Barba» obeyed ; hut tho instant sho was within hoi own room, she throw herself; white silk dre» and nit, on tho low chintz-covered sofa, anti burst into tears and sobs. ' "What shall I do ?' she cried, aloud, in thc utter despair of her poor little soul. ' Oh, what shall I do V A. soft arm was passed around hor neck ; sho felt herself gontly lifted into a sitting pos- ture. ' lloro is your diamond cross, dear,' whispered u gentle voico. ' Let me fasten it on for you.' ' Mary !' ' Yes, Mary ; your sister, dear.' 'But where did you get it? How did you know I' ' Don't stop to talk now,' said Mary. ' Your husband is waiting. I will tell you all hye-nnd hye.' Mrs. Fontaine wore tho diamond cross to the dinner party ; and, when she cunio back, she went straight to Mary'« room and heard tho whole history of the little ornament. She Hung herself on her knees at Mary Fontaine's feet, and laid lier check ou her inp, with a burst of grateful tears. ' Oh, Mary V sho cried ; 1 you don't know what a deliverance you have wrought me. I believe I would have committed suicide rather than to have lot Harry know how weak and vain and foolish I havo been. But indeed, indeed, it has been a lesson to me. You have saved me by your noble generosity ; and, now, how can I over thank you for it]' Mary Fontaine's deep, dark eyes swam in tears. Involuntarily she held out her hands to Barbara, with an imploring gesture. ' Lovo me,' she murmured, in low tones. ' That is all I shall ever ask. Call me sister let mo bo truly a sister to your heart ! Oh, 1 would rather bo loved than to tread a pave- ment of sheeted diamonds ! All these months you have held aloof from mo because I am pule and plain, and have no gift of eloquence to woo people's hearts. Oh, Barbara, lovo me, and 1 shall be moro than content!' And the clasp of Barbara's arms, tho touch of her warm red lips against Mary's cheek, sealed the covenant of these hearts. ' So you've found out what a trump our Polly is !' triumphantly oxclaimcd Harry fontaine, a few weeks afterwards. ' Didn't I always tell you .she was worth her weight in gold V ' And you told me the truth,' said Barbara, giving her sister-in-law a hug that nearly took away her breath. But the two women kept their own secret. 