T H E G H O S T . To the Editor of the " Tabhajsgower Times." Sra,—In the interest of truth and justice I -request of you to publish \the iollowiqg having reference to the foundationless^ghost stoty reported in the columns of your paper, as a sort of " skit," bnt again seriously referred to in this days issue. 1 have good reason to believe that there was reallv nothing more to warrant that stupid story than the sflly -drJamy fcrein of -a pnteiitioHs' t^rriits Who' to d it, with various additions aiid insinuations, in some of the billiard rooms' of thiB town (Maldon) -1--tew-heard jonr- lnfdrnUuit retailing the stary* •^ach,-on. a Aort^,cro«B-eaMiiitt»io» ot him jppMedI to- gQ]- <»ntemptn^ iabn;^uoii, the ofispring of a diseased ' ^ d s for notoriety. Howerpr, as the matter has been canvaased a good deal by . people inthB town, and the name of h respectable man comparative utrspger in Maldon) spoken of as iheeupposed ghost actor, ; I trust yop will see tnat it Th inly latr a»d just to place the whole affair in its proper light before the public, in order to obviate unmerited insulto, and their reward to tb» mrcn^ a Which may| p«)Te to be even mors, eansitional-than the ghost story and grievously eenoua. The gentleman who is referred to shore and who generally ia wet 'weathir iirears a white w^erproaX over . pott, jns coining down to the centre of the . town , a Tew weeks «go oa a very ^rk eranrng-si,a whin " neariv oppoate Ifc. Web.tei's on the fioapital hfli he saw a bny retnrning from the town with a Intern in his hand to light him on his way ; Just as the boy was about to crosa. orer a gutter, the ge i«Jea.»n araOing hiuself of thehght stepped across EronTthe otheTdde, and the bov stopping ahor:, Iift.-d np the lantern to.enablehim to. see the pe» 0 J who said " Good evening," It is quite possible that the bay, who is abont thirteen; yeara of age, and who bad been speaking to thegent.eman less than.h*lfmi hour preTiousW; miehfr have been unprepared for the signt of the whitft coat wnich the teutleman wore, for tne poor lsdi awi lite a very " fied-shank" to, tie Boapiij imer» he ins met by your jnibimant-. TotoordiLry ' observer tteb^Vmoremant would appear to bara, been.® Iniicrous attempt at fan. Out of the occurs r.nee explained abo«thegarniloasv,oung&Uowwho;, reported to you concocted the ghost story wh ch, you bare published. The real ghost therefore waa, no other than tie inventor ofthe story. I desire now to add tothe foregoing, that a few evenings ago. another young fellow sought and strove to deal; With tne postman on his rounds as-a ghost, simply becatu* he .wore a while oil-clotli coat to.keepofcthewet. X think, Mr Editor, you will agree with m* that this gliost-m king business is very lik ly to. lead to consequences which are not desirable foryeu may rely u on it that respectable men wh<« Wlue .ot^iow thewaelre^to, be insulted with, imrumty. I am s r, AMICUS Maldon, 30th June,' 18sJ. VERITA2B. 