Adelaide. Br a Sojochner. II.— PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS. Each of the Australian capitals has a lion which is shoved down tho wretched visitor's throat by every fresh person whom ho is introduced. In Sydney he is not allowed to go on his way in peace till he has discoursed, or been discoursed to, on tho beauties of ' our har bour.' In Melbourne it is far worse. The Vic torian mind is too large to be content with any single beauty. 'With comprehensive simplicity, he asks, 'What do you think of Melbourne V' You politely answer in flattering terms, and feel you have done your duty as a guest. But the praise-greedy Victorian is not satisfied with your expression of general admiration for his capital city. Ho insists upon going into details, and if you are stubborn enough to refuse to do this . yourself, he will not let you off till he has him self bespattered at least half-a-dozen of the pub lic institutions with glorification. In many things Adelaide is merely an imitator on a small scale of its elder sisters. It may be true that it has not half their blowing-power, but then it has got a Botanic Garden — not Botanical Gardens, but a Botanic Garden. Adelaide cannot pretend to vie with Sydney tor its tout ensemble , but it has its own peculiar line in which it excels. The pamphlet distributed by the South Australian Commissioners at the Garden Palace docs not fail to devote a couple of columns of close print — floweiy language— to what it tells you ' is justly regarded as the pride of Adelaide.' I Mill do the South Australians the justice to say that the visitor hears less about their garden than he does in Sydney of ' our harbour,' or in Melbourne of the general glories of that town; but then the subject does not admit of so much laudation, and if you worked out a proportion sum I fear that it would be found that praise awarded to the Adelaide Botanic Garden was greater in propor tion to its beautv than the praise awarded to Sydney harbour ior its beauty. But to return to the Adelaide Garden. I do so the more willingly because it is really very creditable to the Adelaidians. In Sydney your Gardens have every advantage of site, aud, taking this into consideration, they may fairly be pronounced the prettiest in Australia'; but as a triumph of skill over nature, and as a specimen of the nerfection to which ornamental card an in? may attain, commend me to Adelaide. To Dr. Schomburgk, brother to the South American explorer, belongs title glory of having created an Eden out of a Sahara, for a more naturally unprepossessing site than that of the Adelaide Garden it would be difficult to find. One of its chief beauties, to me, is its great variety. Every known style of ornamental gardening, not exclusive of the Japanese landscape, in one part or another, in the forty or fifty acres under Dr. Schomburgk's parental charge ; but of all its beauties, the rosary ,jor rose garden, is the chief. Here you have not only every imaginable species of rose represented in about half-an-acre of ground, but the whole is sturounded by wreaths of roses, which in the spring form a beautiful frame to a beautiful picture. Then there is a very prettv palm-house, after tne celebrated Frankfort model, ana a Victoria Regia house, also worth seeing. Copies of celebrated statues have been placed in the walks, and, standing out as they do amidst the green, would much enhance the beauty of the garden if they were not such wretched things from an artistic point of view. And if you get tired of floral beauties, there is an aviaiy and a B&ena-; ggne — I cannot call the few wild beasts a zoological garden, and also a museum ; so that it takes more than one visit to see the whole place properly. For my own part, I used constantly to stroll about there when I had a spare hour ; but, except on Sundays, it is little patronised by the Adelaidians ; even open-air concerts with a brass band have failed to popularize it. The good citizens are very proud of it ; they take strangers thither as they would take them to see a Baphael or a Correggio, if they possessed one ; but they are as far from personally appreciating the beauties of their Garden as they would be of the painting. Perhaps the institution of which South Australians are most proud, after the Botanic Gardens, is their Parliament. Not that the house itself deserves a second glance. New Parliament-houses are being built. Indeed I remember that there was for a short time a deadlock between the two Chambers, because the Council wanted the new buildings to be one side of King William-street, and the Assembly on the other. However, the Lower' House, having the funds, carried the day. The South Australian Parliament, like that of New South Wales, consistsof a Legis lative Council and a Legislative Assem- . bly ; but whereas the members of the Upper Chamber are similarly christened with, the prefix 'honorable' (I ticus a mm ?) and the affix M.L.C., the Lower House in Adelaide retains the oldfash ioned English M.P. instead ot your M.L.A. The members of the Lower House are elected for not more than three years, by universal suffrage, on much the same plan as prevails in Nbw South Wales. But the M.L.Cs. are also all elected in South Australia, and by a curious system. The whole colony forms but one electoral district for their election, and there is a small property qualification for the electorate. The members retain their seats for 12 years, and one-third of their number retire every .fourth year. This House cannot be ^dissolved by the Governor, and there have for a long time been rumours of war in the Assembly against its constitution. I had almost forgotten to say that there are 18 M.L.Cs., and 44 M.Ps., none of whom are paid for their services. So much for the constitutional side of the Parliament. As regards its working, in spite of sundry and divers rubbings at times, it may safely lay claim to be by far the most respectable Parliament in Australia. There are one or two rowdy members : but the eeneral tone of the House is good, and there has never been a Buchanan or a M'Elhone, as far as I have heard of, in the Adelaide House. Nor is it often that the public time is wasted by those motions for adjournments which the Sydney House seems to delight in. I have been present at some very 6tormy de bates, but although hon. members express their feelings just as violently as in Sydney, they generally manage to keep within what would here be considered Parliamentary language, for Sir George Kingston is a far stricter Speaker than Sir George Wigram Allen, and the House supports him well. It may further interest New South Wales taxpayers to know that there are only six Ministers in South Australia and that they each get £1000 a year. Except when some burning question divides tho countiy for a short time, there are no such things as parties in South Australian politics, and the government is more a question of men than of measures. I believe, however, that the average oi puuncai nonesiy is considerably higher than in New South Wales, although the col ony iB occasionally edified by the spectacle of the lion and the lamb lying down together, when the thousand a year hoves in sight. One hears a good deal of rant in Australia about political dis honesty. Members of Parlia ment are neither better nor worse than other mortals, and if they yield to the demoralizing influence of colonial politics, it must be remembered that many of them are exposed to great temptation. To some power is the loadstone to others fame, to others money, but it is really too much to expect of human nature that men should devote themselves to the service of others for nothing. Sir Thomas More's ghost has not yet found a resting-place in tho antipodes. Unfortunately, changes of Min istry are frequent in Adelaide, and no Government, so far, has heen strong enough or bold enough to cut the Gordian knot of Australian fiscal legislation by carrying through the House a judicious property tax. But these papers have nothing to do with legislation. Let us turn to other public institutions, for my space is running short, and my roaders' patience is pro bably getting exhausted. I wish I could describe to you the Ade laide Public Library, but I re gret to say that there is no public library in Adelaide. In its place there is the South Australian Institute, modelled after the fashion of Mechanics' Institutes in England. The Institute has a free reference library of 1800 books, and cheap French,' German and drawing classes are held in it ; but its most popular feature is the free reading-room, where a large number of papers and period icals are kept. This is well filled nearly all day long, and of course crowded in the evening and on Sundays. This Sundayopen ingisanew thing since I left Adelaide, and the Sabbatarians to the contrary notwithstanding, I hear it is a great success, and very much appreciated. But the principal feature of the Insti tute is, curiously enough, not a popular one, viz., a subscription circulating library, more used by novel-readers than anybody else. I myself certainly found it a groat boon to have the run of a. lending library of miscel laneous works for a guinea a year, but I doubt whetVmr it is defen sible as a Goverment institution, especially when there is no public library or free lending fii A? the town. By a capital system of organization, tne Adelaide lnstitute is the parent of some sixty or seventy country institutes, which all have a free reading-room, and get their share of the circulating libraiy books on payment. Ihe free reading-rooms are doing excellent educational work in the countiy townships, and they are also useful for puhhc meetings, lectures, &c.;, forming a sort of educational nucleus for the district. There is no art gallery in Adelaide, which is the more discreditable, considering what splendid efforts have been made in the sister- capitals. The Museum is an apology for a museum, which is 'located' in the upper 6tory of the Institute. The Curator is an able njan- and has done all he could for it, but he has already twice as many specimens as he has room for in the email space allotted to bim; and there is conse quently no inducement to private collectors to enrich the national collection. Considering how behindhand Adelaide is in all literary, scientific, and artistic matters, it will probably surprise many of my readers to hear that it boasts of a University. True, it is but a budding insti tution, and has as yet no definite abiding-place, but still it is very creditable to so small a city to have a University at all. Ttiere are four Professors — Classics, Mathematics, English Literature, and Natural Science, and about twenty matriculated students. The University is, moreover, doing a groat deal of useful work by admitting non-matriculated students to lectures. There are two large secondary schools — one belonging to the Church of England and one to the Wesleyans, but no State-aid is given to them. The Government only provides Primary schools, and with the exception of a few scholarships available at the Denomina I HOUSE IN WHICH PRINCE CHARLES EDWARD STUART TOOK REFUGE AT ROSCOf F. tional schools, leaves secondary education to take care of itself. The postal and telegraphic arrangements in the colony are excellent, but, with that short-sighted stinginess towards science and art which has characterised all South Australian legislation, the ^Postmaster-General, who is a permanent official, has also to do duty as telegraph superintendent and Government astronomer— a combination of duties which even so energetic a Brougham as the present occupier of these posts can hardly attend to properly. Beside two large lunatic asylums, a deaf and dumb asylum, a children's hospital,' and many other similar charitable institutions — to which Government subscribes cent, per cent, of whatever sum is obtained by public sub scription — there is of course a large hospital which is very flourishing, but, strange to say, in Adelaide, and as far as I know, in eveiy other Australian town, the hospital, is, if not ST. POL-DE-LEON. wholly, at least practically a charitable institution — i.e., no person of any means ever goes to the hospital. The incon veniences of this are very great. Happening to be ill in Adelaide, I was necessarily_yery uncomlortable in lodgings ; to say nothing of all the trouble I gave to strangers, but on my proposing to go to the hospital, all my friends lifted up their, hands in horror. I believe they would as soon have let me go to the Destitute Asylum. Surelv it is veiy absurd that there should not be a portion of the hospital where, on payment of 2 or 3 guineas a week, you can get comfortable quarters, and all the benefit of the medical attendance without a loss of reputation. I am told that working-men always avoid the hospital if they possibly can. and that although t hey are charged a guinea a week, if they can afford to pay it. I suppose churchcs come under tho heading of public institutions, and they certainly play a very important part in Adelaide, for, between Christians, Jews, Turks, heretics and other infidels, the colony boasts one church to every 240 inhabitants ! Happily, South Australia has never been troubled with a State-church or State-aid ; and perhaps this is the reason why the churches have thriven so abundantly It may or may not be a compliment, but I have never been in so religious a city as Adelaide. Everyone who wishes to be considered at all respectable must go to church, and it positively pays, in a business point of view, to be a good church-goer. This naturally leads to a great deal of hypocrisy. The Church of Eng land, which has a small but handsome cathedral, with the only good choral service I have heard in Aus tralia, is the leading denomination ; then comes the Roman Catholic Church, also with a cathedral ; but the great bulk of the population belong to the Wesleyan and vanou6 other nonconformist (I speak as an Englishman, for want of a better term) bodies, by whom, indeed, the colony was origin- ? CHAPEL FOUNDED BY MARY QUEEN OF SCOTS AT ROSCOFF. ally founded, and from it inherits its distinctly Puritan feeling. South Australia is to Australia what New England is to America. Last, but not least of the public institutions of which Adelaide may boast, is her Press. Here comparisons with other colonies would obviously bo invidious, but no one who has visited the little town of Adelaide can help ad miring .the two enterprising and well-conducted dailies published there. Of these, the first, by age as well as price (threepence), is the Register, which saw the light contem poraneously with the colony. It has a worthy rival in the Advertiser, which only costs twopence, and which owes its success greatly to having taken the side of the farmers in the great farmer-versus-squatter controversy which raged for some years in Adelaide. The Register has the more extensive reports, and shows a good deal of enterprise in foreign correspondence. The Advertiser excels CALVARY OF ST. THEGONNEE. in ' go,' and is not so full of tea-meetings as its more conservative cider sister. The afternoon papers are reprints of the more important portions of the news in both papers, and cost a penny a picce. There is an illustrated weekly, three comic papers (of which one is respectable), several religious weeklies, and an amusing penny weekly called The Star, which, by hitting out right and left with equal impar tiality and want of judgment, has gained for itself an unenviable notoriety with the unco guid Adelaidians, who, however, I notice buy it in order to abuse it. The editor is a clever fellow, and, though deficient in discretion, by no means deserves all the bad things that are said of him. The Russian missionaries in Japan having succeeded in converting 4000 Japanese to their faith, a bishop is to be seat to Jeddo by the St. Petersburg Synod. 