How I Went to Temora. THIS description of a trip to an Australian goldfield is not intended for those who know all about Temora, but for the edification of those who want to know all about the place without technical details. How to get from Sydney to Temora is here set forth. Route: Great Southern Railway to Coota mundra, distance 253 miles ; fare, first-class, £2 12s 3d; second class, £1 15s 3d; thence by coach to Temora, 40 miles, fare 10s. Time of journey, train 11 hours, coach 8 hours ; total, including all stop pages, 22 hours. I left Sydnoy railway station at 7.30 on tho night of tho 20th Soptombor. Tho forty railway atationa wo called at, tho horrors of Mittagong refreshment rooms, tho intonso cold of Goulburn and tho Breadal bane Plains, aro too unploasant subjects to dwoll upon. I havo almost despaired of causing a reforma tion in refreshment rooms m N.S. Wales lines now tho Press is gagged, but thoro will como a timo whon tho railway traveller will have rovengo. Tho ghosts of tho biliouB, jaundiced, gastric-fovorod, indigestion suffering railway passengers who know Mittagong and Mount Victoria will haunt Messrs. Laokey, Good ohap, and Vernon. Visions of five million fearfully and wonderfully made grizzly sausages, fivo million platoB of hog's-wash, {oalled soup, and unnumbered millions of bluo-gum sandwiches will riBO before thom, and until thoy collectively and individually consume every one of theso in cold drafty oha-nbers like that of Mittagong and Mount Victoria, tho Avenging Angel will not permit them to havo peace or rest. Let us turn to nobler themes 1 AT COOTAMUNDRA. Tho break of day, jocund day, oonoludod tho first portion of our journey, 253 miles by train from Sydnoy, and wo wore landed at Cootamundra town ship at half-past C o'clock on Tuesday morning. | Cootamundra is a bright, well laid-oat little town, with wide streots, ono or two good Government buildings, nioely-built churches, publio and Beman Catholio schools, banks, hotels, stores, othor business establishments, and a llooal newspaper, tho COOTA MUNDRA HERALD. The moment we stoppod from tho railway train a number of onorgetio coaohmon and grooms and their friends waitod upon mo, and offered to tako mo to Tomora. Aftor Batoning to their argumonts I examined their conveyances, eight of which wore drawn up outsido tho station. I do not like to unnecessarily wound tho feelings of tho majority of theso "coaoh proprietors," but it would bo a surprise to mo if Mr. jeremiah Fowing, who boila down tho old haoks in Sydnoy, would givo '* drinks " for tho " hosBos " in BIX of tho coaohes ; or if Browno tho ooaoh-buildor would givo room in bis yard to tho rattle-traps. But thoro woro ono or two very fino vehicles, well horsod. Much as I hato monopoly, I found that I could not do bottor than patronise Cobb and Co. Wo accordingly drovo to Mrs. Angovo's hotol, about a quarter of a milo distant, whoro wo had an oxcoliont breakfast at a moderate charge. Tomora wa3, of oourso, tho principal topio of conversation. _ At 8 o'clock a.m. a fino srx-horao coaoh waa driven up to tho hotel ontranco, and having chargod a small whiskoy flask with "Boyal Blond" from Mrs. Angovo's bar, I had it stowed away in tho " boot " among Her Majoaty's mails, and took my soat on tho box with tho driver. OFF TO TEMORA. Wo daahod out of Cootamundra m 'fino stylo on that beautiful morning. Ono thousand and eighty foot above tho sea level, tho atmosphoro waa dry yet braoing,_ and never was tho puro frosh country air moro onjoyod. Wnooling out of tho town, dashing up a long lano to our loft wo soon aacendod a mode rato rango and got fairly into tho country. Por milos wo passod through capital oountry, well grassed, lightly timbered, slightly undulating, lioh wheat and vino land, but I was afterwards told that it was all froo-solootod. A groat part of tho oountry whioh wo passed over was formerly Mr. John Hurloy's, of Cambletown Station. In ono quarter, six yoara agofour-fiftha and moro of tho station was invadod by an army of froo-solootors, who sottlod down and have proaporod horo. Thoro woro few farms visible on tho roadside, but wo saw somo fine largo framed shoop, tho property, wo woro told, of froo-soleotorB. Tho first stopping placo was tho Lighthouao Hotol, 13 milos, whoro . we gave our horaos a bucket of wator, and had tho uaual gossip with tho landlord and landlady of tho Lighthouse. Why was it callod tho Lighthouao Hotel? Mr. John Heggarty, tho proprietor, oxplainod that it was not any marino momorios, but becausoMr. Hurloy called tho hill opposito on his station tho "Lighthouse Hill," and it is "an uncommon namo." An exool lont reason, my roadors will say. Mr. Hoggarty has, howovor, a grievance. Tho now road to Temora is to bo diverted sovoral milos from his hotol. It will of eourao mako tho distanoo to Tomora eight miles shortor, but tho palatial Lighthouse trado will bo ruined ! A petition was sont to tho Govornniout, signed by tho mail-drivor, in favour of tho prosoiit routo, but all in vain. Mrs. Hogg arty assured mo that tho Govornmont did not take a bit of notioo of it. Parliament unfortunately is not sitting. Tho next topio wo touohod on was tho forthcoming clou tions. I told tho worthy host that my friond, J. G. O'Connor, waa a candidato for Gundagai olootorato (just within tho boundary of whioh Mr. Hoggarty'B hotol ia), and I got a promise of a voto for him-and Mr. Hoggarty would do all ho could for J. G. among his neighbours. If Mr. O'Connor does notßtand for Gundagai my roputation for truth tolling will.be ruinod. At our next stago, 1G niiloB from Cootamundra, wo changed horses and had dinner. Tho namo of the roadside iun is tho Belleview, proprietor Mr. M. J. Cowan. Ho is a largo froo-soleotor, owning with pre emptives G000 aoros of grand land. Tho Temora liiqgings gavo him and his excellent family plonty to do. Moro than 150 persons in a day wero quartered hero on the busy times, and evon now. wlion matters aro settled down a littlo, from 40 to 80 travellers dino daily at the Ballovuo. Only ls Gd was charged for a really good plain dinner, iuoludiug boot', mutton, or pork, with pies or puddings, toa and broad ai d butter nc?. lib. Wo wero most courteously served, too, by rosy chooked, roally protty, and modest young ladies daughters or relatives of tho hostess. After leaving tho Bellevue, we passod into rathor poor country for 10 miles, and then thoro openod out a most quiotand picturoaquo homostead, with green fields in front and a hill at tho baok. This ia Combanning homo Btation, now tho Droporty of somo Molbourno gontlomcn Messrs. Palmor and Blair. Wo changod horses horo, and I had an introduction to Mr. Palmor, tho rosidont managing proprietor, an unpretentious, practical young gentleman, who throatons to import somo Vic torian improvements sadly required on Combanning. As a commonoqmont, a thousaud or two has already been oxponded in improving things of first impor tance. In a fow years, a butter claBS of fonces, a now woolahod, and a now rosidonoo will_ assuredly bo erected; and if Mr. Palmor is well advisod, a oharm ing wifo will bo installed in bia now bachelor quarters. I may at onco say that I havo no fault to find with Mr. Palmor's hospitality. Ilia lunchoons that I en joyed coming and going aro boyond praiso ; his English bottled beer and his whiskey aro irreproach able. Ho is a good supporter of li to rat uro, and with a piano in tho houso ho trios to delude peoplo in vain. A second visit demonstrates a something wanting ; thal-, I am euro, ho will supply. ? Ton milos boyond Combanning, and a serios of diggora' oar th mounds indicato our approach to Temora. In USO minutos afterwards wo roached tho township of TEMORA. Temora is in tliroo divisions, called Upper Tomora, Middlo Temora, and Lower Temora. Each busy contro is about half a milo apart, though really forrnod by a sorios of straggling diggers' tonts or huts. Eaoh centro boara extraordinary ovidenco of what can bo dono in improvising a township by tho undoubtablo cnorgy of Australian gold-diggors, and their friends who obtain business hconses. Horo at tho beginning of tho year and for fivo or six months afterwards thoro reigned poacoand almost solitude, only broken by tho pastoral tonants.vor free soloctors flocks and herds. Now, from 7000 to 10,000 peoplo aro apparently permanently settled, and their ovory want aupplioa at a ohoaper rato, for most thing», than Sydnoy peoplo can get theirs. From 50 to CO hotels, a largo number of stores, bil liard saloons, chomiBts'shops, medical mon, three or four newspapers, half a dozen prnaamen, a police magistrate and a warden, a goldfields registrar, a smart detootivo officer, and tho following notabilities gathered :-Bob Armstrong, Sam Hawkins, W. H. L. Bailey, Newman Scott, H. Hoad, J. Wehr, G. Burgess, Margules, Antonio Woollier, Petor Camp bell-tho big storekeepers, Mr. Measlier, Mr. Barnes, Mr. Tait (a worthy son of honest John), and Mr. Sompill ; thc big hotel-keepers, Rich and Deitz, with a host of others-besides tho enthusiastic Dr. Riley ; 'tho professional onginoers for water supply (Mr. James, with Mr. M'Cabo hia assistant) ; Mr. Owen for a private company. Mr. M'Lorio, and other popular bankers, Mr. A. J. Warby (tho popular auc tioneer), officer Boylan, el hoc genus. And I met Mr. Ovington, tho well-known mining manager, and the politicans, Mr. Allon and Mr. _ Finn. All these gontleman gavo mo a oordial welcome. It ia utterly useless my describing the field and its prospects, for I would signally fail. This work will bo done by tho special correspondent stationed at Temora, and ho will toll you how many miners' rights were issued by Mr. Margules and othor statistics of interest. I was shown a great number of fair sized nuggets of gold, and I very properly looked wiso when "alluvial," " doop sinking," "deep load," " 14dwt from four tubs of washdirt," and othor (to mo) Grook expressions woro used. I contented my self with looking wisely at tho mounds of whito and yellow clay around tho shafts, and with visiting with Mr. Scott tho upper and lower townships and moot ing many excellent and enterprising minors and busi ness mon, whoao plnok and onorgy in invosting all in tho Temora goldfiela, aro boyond all praiso. Tho Australian gold minors aro unquestionably tho most intelligent peoplo in tho world (as a body), and I hopo, and am indoed certain, that on Temora much success will wait on their ontorpriao. I romainod but ono day in Tomora, and among thoso I was introduced to was Mr. Dontschor, who owns a fino farm right on tho diggings. Ho is a most intelligent farmer, and ho told mo a curious story how years ago in Victoria ho dreamt of this goldfiold, from which ho is now reaping a good harvest. His comfortable homo is at Lower Tomora, and bo is reaping a good harvest from his land in letting it on torms for mining purposes. I havo alroady said that things' aro very cheap on Tomora. Tho living ia oscollont. I had, for in stance, a flrst-rato tea-dinnor, and a bod and break fast at mino inn-ono of tho best in tho town-and tho ohargo mado was only C3. Among othor ovi doncos of civilisation, bosidos thoso previously onumeratod, aro hairdressers' shops, pastry cooks (Cripps, well-known in Sydnoy, has a big place horo), and a watoh-houso and a oourt-houso. For somo time tho prisonors, mon and women, wore chained to a troo, but thiB barbarous Bystom haB beon put a stop to. The return journey commenced tho next day, and the coach loft Temora about half-past 10 in the morning. It only remains to say that no incident occurred worthy of record, and I will conclude with THE COACH-DRIVER'S STORY James Heathwood, better known on Cobb and Co.'s lines as "Jimmy," is a careful, steady driver, obliging, and fairly good tempered. To pass the time I got Jimmy to tell me his history, and it is a really interesting one. Here it is as told by himself : —"Well, Sir, we're a great family of coach people. My great grandfather owned a whole line of stage coaches in England, and my grandfather, who went over to Ireland and married an Irish lady, had the whole of the mail coaches in that part of the North of Ireland, the head quarters of which was Newry, where he lived. Well, my father was his eldest son. Well what did the darned young fool do but went and married the servant girl, though she was very good, and of course they had to clear out, for grandfather was awful mad about it. Father and mother then came to Australia and landed in Sydney. He got a billet in the General Post Office, and mother being handy father and mother got installed in the lower (basement) floor of the post office by Mr. Raymond, who was postmaster. Well I was born in that very post office in George-street. Mr. Raymond liked father and mother. Father I remember well used to wear a red coat, and there was no Woolloomoolloo and Darlinghurst then, but the houses was scattered and father used to ride across the fields or paddocks to the houses outside the town. Father was altogether 14 years in the post-office. When he was there seven years we had to leave, because father got some coaches of his own (my father was the first man to start a cab in Sydney), and he was told he would have to give up the one or the other. He gave up the billet, but he soon failed with the coaches, and went back to the post-office for seven years more. Then he got disgusted and tried his hand at carrying the mails, but hadn't much fortune at that. He then drove the Southern mail coach for Crane and Roberts, and one day he dropped dead off his coach outside Faithfull's gate, near Goulburn. My mother then apprenticed me to a blacksmith named O'Neil at Marulan, who had a big hotel and store, too. I ran away twice, but was brought back. The first time I bolted I got as far as Berrima, and I was very hungry. The landlord of the Bridge Inn knew me, and gave me a good tea and bed. In the morn ing I saw the coach coming, and my employer's son on the box. I bolted round the gaol and got on top of the hill on the Sydney road, and waited for the coach, because Johnny Daly promised to give me a lift. When the coach came up I saw no one was on the box, and when I was going to get in out jumps my employer's big son and collars me and says, 'Now you young wretch I got you.' I was had, and I felt mad. He brought me back, and threatened to take me to gaol, but I dared him; afterwards he spoke soft (and that always gets over me), and I went back with him." We will not follow Mr. Heathwood through his other experiences, although very interesting. Suffice it to say that his mother has buried two husbands since Jimmy's father, and is now married in Sydney to her fourth husband. Jimmy is now, and has been for eleven years, driving for Cobb and Co., and will in all probability soon become a mail guard on the Government railways, a position he is entitled to by reason of his services and by his having been born in the General Post-office, Sydney — in other words, by birth and training. Vale. H. 