Sydney. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] June 8. Recent advices from Samoa, by the Nautilus, state that since the treaty of peace was signed that party of the natives which was unsuc- cessful in gaining the supremacy have been behaving in a very turbulent manner, and have abrogated the treaty of peace with the British Government. H.M.S. Danae visited Samoa about the beginning of last month, ap- parently with instructions from the High Com- missioner of Fiji, and on May 8 the ship steamed round to two of the leading native villages and opened fire upon them with shot and shell. It is not known what amount of destruction was done, or whether any of the natives were killed. The Samoans are greatly incensed, and threaten to retaliate by flocking into Samoa and mas- sacring the whole of the white population. Great alarm prevailed at Samoa when the Nautilus left. The Danae, however, remained at the island to be ready in case of emergency. The steam collier Woniora ran on to tho sand on Bondi Bench, at Bondi, a few miles Bouth of Sydney Hoads, last night, and remained ashore until d o'clock this morning, when Elie was towed off uninjured, after having jettisoned above 100 tons of coal. The steamer Orient left to-day for London via Melbourne and Adelaide. She took a large number of pnssengers, and her cargo from this port includes 882 bales of wool, 8000 ingots of tin, 30,000 ingots and 1571 oakes copper, and 2800 cases of preserved meat. Trickett leaves for England on Thursday, going overland to Melbourne to catch the Orient there. The Tumut police last night arrested a man on suspicion of being Joseph Byrnes, the bushranger. They have watched him fora long time. Collins, a blacksmith at Tumut, knew Byrnes when ho I was a groom in Victoria ; he used frequently to bring horses for shoeing. Collins pointed him out amid a group in the -Royal Hotel billiard room, and says if he is not Byrnes he must he his ghost. The man was remanded for further identification. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Barbour moved the adjournment of the House, to urge upon the Government to withdiaw from sale a large quantity of Crown lands advertised for Bale by auction to-morrow at £1 per acre. After discussion, the Government declined to accede to the request. Mr. Cameron moved a resolution that tho Government should bring iu a bill to stop Chinese immigration, but withdrew it on a statement being made hy the Premier that he was in com municntion with the Governments of the other colonies with the view to joint action to restrict Chinese immigration. Sailed : Wentworth, s., and Keilawarra, a., for Brisbane ; and Balclutha, s., for M-iryborough and Rockhampton. 