Brevities. Lewis Sampson is sentenced to three years' im prisonment. Goats art the prominent feature of Kent-street. Pitt-street north is still in the hands of the road makers. benteuo of death has been passed 224 times in tho Central Criminal Conrt, Darlinghuret. Pitt-street was unusually quiet all this forenoon — a reaction from last nient s stir. The Sydney Commissioners for tho Melbourne In ternational Exhibition meet this afternoon. Competent analyats, after a searching examination, aro unanimously of opinion that colonial boer is —worth 3d per glaBf . News reached Yass on Thursday that Mrs. Hilly, wife of Mr. Owen Hilly, of Illunie, near Maringo died at that station. Mr. and Mrs. Hilly resided for many years in Yass, and were much respected. Tbe fencing off of tbe Garden Palace and gronnrta from the Ohter Domain is now nearly completed, and there is every probability of the Domain being thrown open to the public at an early date. The news of Triekelt's match with Hanl&n; created quite a glowing excitement throughout the city yesterday, and was tbe almost exclusive topic of conversation in aquatic circles. Trickett's hotel presented a very busy appearance last night. Two price fights, which were arranged to come off on Sunday morning at the well-known convincing ground at Bandwick, did not eventuate, in aonse qnenue of the principals being afraid of the interfer ence of the police. Mr. W. K. Lockhead, who bo successfully nego tiated the settlement of the Boamon's anti-Chinese strike, might try bis hand at fixing up the difficulty at Newcastle between the coalowsers and their From want of sufficient and reliable evidence, it is. probable that the exhibition commissioners will be unable to discover who really did have tbe miBBing money Trom the ticket offioe. The implication, meanwhile, rests on the whole etaff. A carpenter working at the new flour mill at Nnr-. rabri made a wager that he would make two pair of sashes in a workmanlike manner within. 10 hours. He made thus io nine hoars and 40 minutes. Mr. John Slonan, of the Severn Farm, Dundee, has growing a cabbage of immense proportions ; ite height is notions than 4ft 2in. whilst in circum ference it measures 13ft 4in. This monster is of the Savoy variety. The Wksteek Champion, Queensland, announces the death of tie wsll-known lire Bl&densburg;, sire of Sunrise, by Indian Warrior out of Helcsina (imp.). hy Harkaway out of Poteen. The old horse died at Mctsra. Mileon ana deSatgs'e Woodlands station on the 4th iju'tn-ot, a; the age of 21 years. Discretion is naid to be 'be better part of valour, and amongst the individuals who hold to thisopimon, are the essbrro warriorn that removed away from tho review of tbe Artillery and Publio Sohool Cadet Corps at Parramatta yt*terday, on the vague rumour thatthere was a cese of typhoid lever eome where within thoboundnrirRof that locality. It is now acknowledged that the International Exhibition comimeeionsrr will rot be able to recover s fnr'.hing of the money tlioy hi™ lott in the ticket Department of tbe exhibition frau tLe issuers of the fid«li^y bond which they accepted, for the reoeen that they have neglected to carry out one of the most important provisions entered in the bond. A large number of holidaymakers went io Manly, Pearl Bay, and Sans Souci by water, and to the usual suburban places of recreation by 'bus. For the oaterinr fraternity the weatbor muBt havo been an unmixed blessing. Queen's Birthday will be re membered M one of the most successful anniver saries ef her Majesty's natal day ever oelebrated in Sydney. We (Tiktbefield Stab) are in a position to state on pood authority that our present member, Mr. John Dillon, in the tventof the electorate being divided under the new Electoral Bill, will offer him self for the new division of Tenter6eld. In case of the proposed Mil sot passing, w* presume Hr. Dillon will contost the electorate. We learn (save the Tentebfield Stab of May 22) that Messrs. Horton and Co.'b return of silver ferthe w«ok ending Saturday, May 15, was again over lOOOox. Mr. Horton brourbt into town on Taeedaj last 2000oz en route for Stanthorpe, and we were glad to hear him Bpsak eo enoonrafringly of their prospects. We have no other information from Boorook this week. A proclamation of the Governor of the Gape c£ Good Hops, made with the advice of the Executive Council, absolutely prohibits the introduction into that colony of all grapeB, vines, or eattings, or por tions of vines, plants, tubers, roots, bulbs, or any portion or portions thereof respectively, from any places beyond tho limits of the said oelony whatso ever. At the opening of the bazaar at Brisbane, in aid of All Saints' Church funds, the Acting Governor (Mr. Bell) said he was very happy to open the bazaar, as he believed it was to be conducted on as honest a, prinoiplo as web nenal in euoh undertakings. He wisked it every succeee, as he believed the All Sainta people wore particularly good people. He did not) know whether they were high church, low chnroh, or broad church, but All Saiits waa a very pleasant chnroh to go to, and the singing: was very good. The Mongolian- immigrants must be deeply im pressed with the Christian virtues of this civilised land. Yesterday a newly arrived Chinaman woe proceeding up George-street when ha was e*sailedby 20 larrikins and brutally maltreated. Three polios men who were close at hand turned away their heads, in order sot to see what was going on, ana the well dressed crowds passing along the street smiled sweetly at tbe ruffians who celebrated the Queen's Birthday by assaulting the unfortunate wretch. We have been shown the very handsome gold trophy medal, presented by the Liverpool Plains Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Asso ciation for the best reaper and hinder at work in the field. This prize was awarded to Mr. W. Flaming, agent for Mersrs. D. %&. Osborne and Co., manu facturers of the Osbonte reaper and binder, in Auburn, New York. A« a speoimen of colonial workmanBhip it is exceedingly fine, and Messrs. Hardy Bros., the well-known goldsmiths, have again achieved a marked success by tbe elegant design they have turned out. The trophy is suitably in scribed, and will he forwarded to MeBsrs. D. II. Osborne by first mail. Koticing Bishop Hale's visit to Warwick, Queens land, the AKarje says : — Bis Lordship took part in the services on Sunday morning, May 1G, oele&rating; Holy Cownunion, the sermon being preaohed by the Eev. James Matthews. The reredos over the Holy table looked very beantifol. It was surmounted by a wreath composed chiefly ot white clirjeanthe mnms, and jnst enffieiently relieved, for tbe effect of colour, with eoarlet geraniums. The text, in golden letters me most appropriate to tbit day iuid to the occasion, 'They received tb» Holy Ghost.' The font aleo bad its wreath, in whioh white QowerB only were displayed.' The Quirindl correspondent of the MoEEmiUNDl Times writes —Some time ago (fcbont three weeks back) Hi. W. Worboys accidentally cut his band while cutting ap same beef. The cut not being vary severe, Mr. Worboys took ne notice of it, but eventually the hand began to swell bo muc'i that Dr. Davies was oailed in, when he pronounced it to be blood poieonine. Deep lancine was found to be necesBary, and this was done. In the meantime tbe plbuching season was coming to an end. The farmers living rousdeawthe Ex Mr. Worboys was in, add, to their credit be it stated, they hc!« what is gensraUy called a 'beo meeting' last Thursday, when 25 ploughs could be seen at work in the pad cook. In two days Mr. Worboys had his usual quan tity of land plcmghed , sown, harrowed and rolled. 