Pire at the Haymarket. SHORTLY before 12 o'olóók on Sunday night an alarm of fire was received at the varion8;brigade stations in the oity, and on proceeding to the spot it was found that smoko waB issuing from tho promises of Messrs. Cable and HontJorson, procera and toa merchants of tho Corn Exchange, buildings, at tho Haymarket, oornor of George and Campbell stroots. Tho build ing comprises somo half-a-dozen shops, above whioh is a corridor roaching from end to end. In tho upper portion aro a number of offioos divided off by woodon partitions only, while on tho ground floor aro tho shops of Messrs. "Wood (pawn office), Harris (hay and oom dealer), the Haymarket Build ing Sooiety, Simmons (tobaooonist), and Cable and Henderson (toa merchants), whoro tho Aro origi uated. Tho artiolos in the various shops wore more or loss damaged by water, while tho wholo of tho stock of Messrs. Cabio and Henderson is completely consumed. It is stated that in consequence of tho shutters being broken opon and tho glass smashed beforo the brigades woro ready to turn on the hose the current of air carried the flames up the staircase into the offiees above, tho contents of tho greater part of whioh wore completely destroyed. Tho following is a list of tho offices, viz., Messrs. Hill and Stevenson, solioitors, considerable damago to books and papors, by Aro and water (insured) | Mr. Harris's private house, considerably damaged ¡ tho offices of Messrs. G. F. Thurs ton, house and oatate agent; B. F. Shields, auc tioneer and accountant ; Bishop and Co., condiment merohants; E. Á. Rothsay and Co., financial agents ; Hughes, contractor ; Evan Evans, architect and W. 1 ' Martin, house and e state agent, were oompietoiy des troyed with their contents, consisting in some instances r of furnitnro of valno, heaides other artiolea. On the arrival .of the Insurance brigade tho shop was completely gutted, and the fire had obtained completo mastery of the pre : miaoB.1 Tho booka and papers of the Building Society wore removed and saved, they sus , tained only slight lossesfcom paratively. An attempt was made to break open the pre mises of Dlr. Simmons, tobac conist; but being on the spot at tho timo, he deolined to .allow his shop to bo touched, and consequently sustained a Blight damage only by water, which will not in any way interfere with his . business arrangements. Tho hay and corn stores of Mr. Harris at the rear of the block, werehot damaged in anylway, although it is certain that had tho firo once obtained possession, a teen cxpeoted. Btoolced as they were with hay and a largs quantity of straw. Complaints are made by somo of the neighbours and others that nearly a quarter of an hour had elapsed beforo a proper supply of water was obtained .on account apparently of the ignorance of some of the fire men as to tho positions of the hydrants. Tho building is' the proporty of Mr. Harris, and waa insured in the National f. Company; Nev/ Zealand, as also waa the'stook in his shop. Mosers. Cabio and Hen derson we. e insnrod in ibo City Mutual for ¿6100. Although it is not known to what extent this amount will oover, it is estimated that the amount of damage done to the building is about ¿61500, but tho amount of the total destruction is not yet known. Messrs. Itothsayand Co. lost considerably over ¿81000 by the fire, and aro unfortunately not insured fora sixpenco. Their managing partner, Mr. Buosnell, lost ¿S50 worth of oil paintings, toeethor with ¿£900 worth of Boonrities for loans and the offioe furniture aird fit tings, amounting to ¿6100. The fire lasted nearly an hour, and was extinguished by tho steam and manual engines of tho Insurance and Volunteer com panies. The Rev. James Jeff eris, minister of tho Pitt street Congregational Churoh, has obtained twelve months' leavo of absence, in consideration of his health. We understand that the rev. gontloman's medical advisors havo recommended him to abstain from public speaking for twelvo months. Mr, [ Jefforis will loavo for Europo in the Bokhara next Saturday week. The absence from tho pulpit of so powerful and popular a preacher will be greatly felt i by tho Congregationalists of Sydney. I A melancholy aooident occurred last Monday to a child namod John M 'Ñamara, six years of ago, son i of Miohaol M'Namara, of Edmund-stroot, Waverley, j who was on a visitât his UUCIO'B, Miohaol Quinn, of Cowpor-stroot. Tho boy was playing in a baok room, when ho found in a oupboard a horse pistol loaded with Blues, and oapped, and was playing with it in tho room when it wont off, lodging tho contents in tho ohild's hoad ovor tho loft eye, killing him al most instantly. Mrs. Quinn and her daughter Margaret wero in tho room at tho timo of tho ooour ronco, but did not think tho pistol was loaded. Tho free trado organs are never weary of singing pams of adulation over Sir Honry Par ko a as tho firm and consistent exponent of their vaunted fisoal policy. Wo (Molbourno AOE) commend to their attontiontho following letter, addressed to tho editor of tho EUROPEAN MAir, ¡-" Sir,- Apropos to tho oommon datory notice in pago 13 of your issuo of tho 8th instant, of what you aro pleased to call the ' grand frco-trado polioy' of Now South Wales, let me desiro your attontion and that of your readers to tho follow ing notification from a Sydney GOVERNMENT GA ZETTE, namely : - ' Dopartmont of Publio Worka, Railway Branoh. Sydnoy, August l'A, 1880. Tündern will bo roooivod at this offioo until ll o'clock on Tuesday, tho 24th August, 1880, from porsons willing; to supply SC rail way dating proBBOB, of colonial manufacturo. . . . .-CHAS. A. GOODCHAP, Commissioner for Railways.' If this bo tho sort of freo trade en dorsed by tho enthusiastic admiration of leading British newspapers, and rewarded with gold medals by tho Cobden Club, it is suroly time that Cobden'B ghost should ro-viait tho glimpses of the moon, not to make night hidoous, but to infuse a little light into the darkuoss iu which his nooreditod followers and disoiplos seem to bo getting involvod.-I am, Sir, your obodiout Horvant, WILLIAM FORBTEB. London, 10th Ootobor,1880." Tho EUROPEAN MAIL is roduaod to tho neeossity of behoving that tho advertisement is a hoax, or, losing trust in Sir Henry Parkos, to suggest that he is a sluggard in tho faith. 