THE TRAVELLER. THE AUSTRALIAN ABROAD. IN THE HOLT LAND. [By James Hinqstoh.] No. XII.—ACROSS THE LEBANON. Passing out from Damascus, our course lies from its bills over another range beyond to where we cross the pleasant valley of the Lebanon to its equally pleasant mountains in the distance. The very name has givien one as it were a preconceived respect for it. Lebanon is nowhere named but in terms that extol it, from Solomon's Song backwards and forwards through the Scriptures. Its cedars, its flocks, gardens, and vintage, its grateful verdure and the i^irnEEs of its snow-topped mountains, now so distinctly perceptible, all crowd npon one's memory. The bills that we now descend are called Anti-Lebanon, that finish at their sooth end in the peak Monnt Hermon. The valley beneath is bnt a few miles across, but the stretch over Lebanon's mountains beyond it reaches for nearly a hundred toilsome miles, and that in creased fay their intricacies, until they run down to the shores of the Mediterranean. They are a similar mass of hills to the Blue Mountains of New South Wales,bnt far less rugged in scenery, mostly under cultivation, and filled to their full length and the breadth mentioned with pleasant little villages. These, but for religious differences, might be thought to be, in their great healthiness and specially pretty locations, the most desirable of homea in which to rest and be happy. They are in fact the very reverse of that picture. The natural scenery all around is so attractive that we disregard- miniature ruins here and. there towards which Hassan points, and to which he gives some unpronounceable Arab names. In a lend so scattered over with remains of bygone days as is Syria, the great landmarks only of which one has heard, and which we read of and remember as we run the world's course along, can he noticed. For that reason we think it unnecessary to leave the pleasant valley that we' r>re traversing, and to turn to visit Abila, to which the tomb of Abel the first has given a name. Having seen Adam's tomb at Jerusalem, this one of the second of his luge family seemed to have small attraction indeed. We had been looking lately at too many of the tombs of the great Adamite race. Hassan sus pects onr faith, and we hate to assure him of onr orthodoxy. "Perhaps yon don't believe . that it is the tomb of Abel ?" he says, bat is comforted as mnch as words can make him that onr lack of curiosity lies in onr feeling of satis faction. Tennyson speaks of some adorable beiDgs as one who " does not seek to understand — she only loves." That happy condition, snb stitnting belief for love, we desire our drago man to consider as being ours—the fitting state of feeling for travellers in thiB the " band of Promise" part of Syria. On onr road to it we diverge a little ts pass through the Lebanon village of Zahleh—a per fect town for its size, with nine or ten thousand inhabitants. _ I thought it looked too clean, bnBy, and civilised for a Mahomeddan place, end so was quite prepared to find that its people were all Christians of the Greek church. The town is built in terraces around a perfect amphi theatre that gives a fine view of it, and enlarges its size and goodly appearance to the surprised eyes of the traveller. A rushing stream, digni fied as a river, comes down through it from the Lebanon range above. A one- eyed maiden at an hotel here talked broken English to me, and, what was as well, or better, gave me of the best of Lebanon wine. On enquiring how this Polyphemea came to be so optioally damaged, the sad story was again told—the fine town had been eacked by the Druses of the mountains, helped by the Mahomeddans, in that fearful 1860. Though its people made a good resistance, mnoh murder and massacre ensued, which, with significant looks, I was told would not occur again. Zahleh is such a lively, pretty, and thriving place that one needs must wish it well, and free from damaging, desolating Turkish dominion. It is, as a part of Lebanon, under special protection now; but its people deserve to dwell in a safer land than is Syria. On the road to Zahleh we were again invited to go ont of the way, and this time to see the tomb of Noah! As an additional attraction, it is. I am told, between one and two hundred feet long, from which one is left to judge of the height of its occupant when alive. After mature deliberation of about two minutes, we consider it better to show the same disposition towards Noah's tomb that we had doiie to Abel's, and so pass onwards. We know that we shall feel remorsefnl about it afterwards, but life is so full of regrets that such additions as these don't much encumber. Along the valley of the Lebanon run rivers of immortal nameB, fed by mountain springs from either side. The Orontes, rising in the Lebanon range, at the foot of its loftiest peak, runa thence to the sea at Antioch. Hereabout also is the source'of the Litany, a name not usually connected in thought with a river, which rims hence southward for fifty miles away down to the port of old Tyre. None of these mountain - born streams—the Jordon, the Orontes, the Litany, or the Abana, that are in magnitude in the order written—are of navigable natnre. Lebanon gets its name from the whitenesB of the chalky stone of which its terraced sides show so much. Among its woods and willow groves, its olive and mulberry plantations, its vineyards, orchards, cornfields, and beehives, there is, spite of three hundred or more of vil lages scattered among its slopes, an utter soli tude that the notes of birds can hardly be said to disturb. These Delectable Mountains are inhabited nearly wholly by two sectB — the Druses and the Maronites — who are strange folk in their ways, and not comfortable neighbours to each other cr to auy other of mankind. The origin of these Druzesand Maronites is as little known as that of the gipsies, and they are similarly equally clannish. I pick up some particulars about them now and again. The Druzes have many points of belief with the Buddhists—holding the doctrine of the im mortality of the soul, and carrying its existence backward for all time as well as forward to all eternity. Similarly to Buddha's disciples, they believe also in the transmigration of souls as a means of reward or punishment, and a subse quent absorption into nature itself as a final re6t. Like Buddhists, they abjure the luxuries of life, and dress plainly, believe iu labour, drink no wine or spirit, neither smoke nor swear, and hole it as sinful to lie. To make up for such self- denial, they periodically indulge in murder. As such is done for religious reasons, it bears, of course, another name, and we know what difference the name makes to msny things. It is noticeable or what great length is this Lebanon range—a ride of days over its in tricacies from here to either end of it. Its great breadth we shall realize fully as we cross it. As remarkable as its large area is its good land and the excellent ubb to which it is mostly put. Before we begin the ascent of its side, we come npon the camping ground of Sthoreror Sheturah, and here find a welcome wayside hostelry kept by an Italian. He has for the good of travellers established hereabout three wooden house buildings, well supplied with attendants, who seem all to be of the gentler sex, and of European complexions. A traveller not in a hurry might stay here very well for many days, and make pleasant raids upon the surrounding country, all of which is haunted ground. What is not filled with acriptnral and historical records is so with the ghosts of those who have thereabout been murdered. To other accommodations supplied at Bheturab, roomy stabling is added, with horses that are good enough for the country, though they look almost as cursed. A pretty mountain stream runs through the garden grounds attached to this guest-house, inwhioh, while creature comforts are getting ready, we get the luxury of a cold bath that is equal, in another but as pleasant a way, to the Turkish one got at Damascus. In an hour or two's stsy at Sheturah we established ourselves so comfortably about its cosy quarters that we were in no hurry to leave. The wine of the Lebanon was good, the Turkish tobacco was mild, and the mountain ride ef the morning had given us that good digestion that waits always on a well-earned appetite. There is something invigorating about mountain air that takes away megrims end blues, makes the liver active, and life all lovely. My American friends are, however, each of that kind whom their popular poet has so well sketched in "Excelsior.'' I want to stay hereabout for another day, and take horses and go and see two or three spots that my Italain host tells me of in his half-broken English. Not so my Trans atlantic brethren: The mountains lie before them, and their cry is "Forward." All the maidens that are about speak, unfortunately, with foreign tongues; which perhaps somewhat takes frem the pleasure of their society. They would, I fear, speak without effect, however, bad they been able as eloquently to urge those reasons for staying that equally failed with Longfellow's hero. The shortness of the etay has made it all the pleasanter, and we leave it with those thoughts that compare time spent at such places to the lorger day of life itself. " Some only breakfast and away. Others to dice and are well fed, Tlie oldest man but saps and goes to bed! Larger bis bill who stiys throughout the day, Who goes the soonest has the Ioast to pay." On our way up the mountains it is very soon perceptible, here as elsewhere, that moun taineers cure on the whole a superior people to the Iowlandera. The climate makes the mtu, as we had seen sufficiently in the wretched beings dwelling in the valley of the Jordan as compared with the hill-top residents of Bethlehem. Ihoss people that we now see about us are as improved in appearance as is their laud. The stone bniit ;villages of cleanly exterior have a com fortable look—nestling among the green of their graded gardens, and the corn, wine, oil, honey, and silk that are the produce of these everlasting hills. Beehives are frequently seen, and many an open door shows the rude loom of the village silk-spinner as the most prominent thing visible within. OliveB and vines flourish everywhere about. The vines are left to lie npon the ground un supported in any way. Every country seems to have notions of its own about treating tne vine. In some, as in France, it is trained upon sticks, and in others, in Italian fashion, carried aloDg npon strings until a convenient tree branch is reached. It is hardly conceivable that grapes wonld be left to ripen on the ground, but the vines lay there on Lebanon as I passed through them in the month of May. Later in the season they may be otherwise delt with. The mulberry-tree divides attention with the olive both with the villager and the traveller The silk wheels are not, however, in as much use here as formerly, much of the silk, Hassan tells ns, being now sold in the unspun or coceon state. As village after village is passed and their in habitants spoken of, I Bee further evidence that all Lebanon is either Maronite or Druze in character. The Druzes are the Circassians of Syria, in the matter of independence. Here in the Lebanon they have ever been as tarbnlent as Highlanders formerly proved themselves. The Turks have had therefore to make terms with those whom they could not crush. I wait while a procession of these people pass along, which I learn is nothing less than a Druze wedding party. The women are veiled, and the veil depends from a projecting horn of unicorn shape, worn as a headdress. That ornament is the"" tantour," aDd is some fifteen inches in length. It is worn in perpendicular, angular, and horizontal positions. These denote the mother, the married woman, or the maid. The birth of the prophet Samuel, as we read in the second chapter of his First Book, caused his mother to say that " her horn was exalted," by which expression the honour attaching to the perpendicular position is the better understood. The fashion will not be out of good taste if it ahcild come iDto more general use, as it likely will some day. Something of the sort has been felt as a want by many who are not too tall, and the " tantour" really lends a dignity to its wearer. I see these mountain maidens afterwards unveiled, and notice that the fresh air ot the bills has given them both grace and good looks. In the ancient custom that some of them in dulge of wearing a string of coins on their brows is to be seen what may be the origin of the odions modern Western fashion of disguisingthe forehead by combiDg the hair over it. The coins here worn seem to show well in relief to the olive complexions of their wearers, but the pnllingof afringe of shortly-clipped hairoverthe brow, and so biding the noblest part of the faoe, can only be an imitation of the drunken state of which it used to he the distinguishing stage mark, or may be of likening the face to that of the monkeys who are spoken of by Shakspeare in "The Tempest" as " with foreheads villainous low." The originator of the Druze faith was one Hakim, who declared himself a prophet, but was said to be a madman. There has always bean an allegation of that sort about prophets by those who rejected their doctrines. The chief distinguishing feature of the faith of the Druzes appears to be the desire for concealment of its points and principles. Other prophets have Baid —" Go forth into the world, preach, publish, and convert!" But Hakim seems to have said " Keep it dark!" as one who thought to add the attraction of a kind of Freemasonary-mystery to the other mysteries of the Druze faith. Their places of worship are as strictly " tiled" as is any Masonic lodge-room. The Droits, ignoring Mahomet, substitute as the'r prophet this Hakim, whom they believe will return to earth as the Messiah, there to reign and to make their faith the universal one, Thongh they take no means to spread this faith, they have a Mahomeddan dislike to those of other beliefs. If they don't carry their gospel to those of other creeds at the sword's point, as the Turks do, they more unfairly use that weapon of war to exterminate unbelievers by assassination. (To he continued,.) 