NEW SOUTH WALES. Juno 5. The present low price of maize is causing' a larger area of cane to he planted in the Clar ence River district than would otherwise have been the case. An attempt was made to burn down Web ster’s cordial factory at Contain undra last evening ; tin1, main building was lired in two places. A bov named Davies, who was playing about the tramway terminus at Kcdtern this afternoon, was knocked down by the motor whilst he was crossing the line and killed instantly. Ins body being cut completely in two. Ac! ing upon t lie information supplied by Mr. .Andrew Ruder, the police, slopped three men near Doughboy Hollow, ljuirindi,yester day. The men were described as bearing a resemblance to the bank robbers, but on in vestigation they proved to be travelling sailors. A large body ol police a.re search ing the rangers, where the robbers are still believed to he lurking. Niowcasti.k, .1 nne. 5. I t is now believed that, the dispute between the Associated Collieries and the men has been arranged, as the general meeting ot the, miners is certain to adopt the new scale. Tin; A. A. Company’s laborers still stand in the way of a settlement, so lar as that mine is concerned, as the manager positively re fuses to dismiss them. Svonkv, d line 7. A letter has been received Jroin Haitian, explaining that, owing to prior engagements, lie will lie unable to meetTrikeft in Rugland either m September or October; hut he is willing to row in January. lie. will make a match as soon as Trieketl deposits .£50. Shortly alter midnight. Captain Ryrnes and the watchman of the A.S.N. Company’s works were attacked at Ryrmont by tour larrikins, apparently with the object ol rob bery, Ryrnes having in his possession the whole of the day’s receipts from the Ryrmont. ferry. Roth men were severely maltreated, Miners’ meetings were held at Wallsend and Plattsburg this morning, to receive reports from the delegates sent to the late conference on the question of a settlement of the existing difficulties. The delegates of the Wallsend and Co-operative companies are strongly opposed to the men accepting the proposed scale. Both meetings decided by large majorities against any ballot being taken, but the general feeling of the remain der of the collieries is not only in favor of a ballot being taken, but also of the men on strike returning to work upon the terms of the scale submitted by Mr. G. A. Lloyd. The colliery masters held a meeting in Sydney to-day, and decided to accept the rate as laid down under the terms of the proposed compromise. Mr. Greerson, of the A. A. Company, however, not being a party to the negotiations, declined to be bound by them, and requested leave to withdraw from the association, which was granted. Nothing has been done in regard to the strike beyond what is narrated above, pend ing the result of the ballot meeting of miners to he hold to-morrow. The Executive have decided that the sen tence of death passed upon O’Brien, Sell wen, and Sykes, for the murder of a publican at the Glebe., he commuted to imprisonment for short terms, with hard labour. The death sentence passed upon Sinclair, at West Maitland, has been commuted to im prisonment, with hard labour, for life. The Government have appointed a special commission to investigate and report upon the charges brought against Mr. District Court Judge Meymott. A deputation interviewed the Minister for Lands to day, and urged the withdrawal from sale of certain Crown lands now ottered at the reduced price of El per acre, requesting at the same time that the Government would in future cause more information to be pub lished in regard to such sales. Mr. Hoskins promised to give the matter his considera tion. The police, with a black tracker, left Quirindi to-day, going towards Werris Creek, evidently acting on information received. Another body of police have gone in the direction of Walla,badah. It is suspected that the hank robbers are trying to work round for the Nundle Ranges on foot. June 8. Recent advices from Samoa, by the Nau tilus, state that since the treaty of peace was signed that party of the natives which was unsuccessful in gaining the supremacy have been behaving in a very turbulent manner, and have abrogated the treaty of peace with the, British Government. 1I.M.S. Danae visited Samoa about the beginning of last month, apparently with instructions from the High Commissioner of Fi ji, and on May 8 the ship steamed round to two of the leading native villages and opened lire upon them with shot and shell. It is not known what amount of destruction was done, or whether any of the natives wore killed. The Samoans are greatly incensed, and threaten to retaliate! by Hocking into Samoa and massacring the, whole of the white population. Great alarm prevailed at Samoa when the Nautilus left. The. Danae, however remained at the island to he ready in ease of emergency. The steam collier Woniora ran on to the sand on Bondi Beach, at Bondit a few miles south of Sydney Heads, last uiglit, and re mained ashore until (i o’clock this morning, when she was towed oil’ uninjured, after having jettisoned above 100 tons of coal. Triekett loaves for England on Thursday, going overland to Melbourne to eateli the Orient there. The Tiimut police last night arrested a man on suspicion of being Joseph Byrnes, the bushranger. They have watched him for a long time. Collins, a, blacksmith at Tiimut, knew Byrnes when lie was a, groom in Vic toria. ; he used frequently to bring horses for shoeing. Collins pointed him out amid a group in the Boyal Hotel billiard room, and says if lie is not Byrnes he must he bis ghost. The man was remanded for further identili cation. Mr. Cameron moved a resolution that the Government, should bring in a bill to stop Chinese, immigration, but withdrew it on a statement being made, by the Premier that ho was in communication with the Governments of the other colonies with the view to joint action to restrict Chinese immigration. June t). The man arrested at Tumut last evening on suspicion of being Byrne, the bushranger, was brought up at the local police court to day. He was shown to be Joseph M’Tvor, a native of Victoria, but bears a very strong resemblance to the outlaw named. lie was of course discharged. The steamer Wotonga, which cleared the Heads last evening for Melbourne, was found when off Botany, at 7 o’clock p. in., to be plunging heavily and shipping an immense quantity of water both fore and aft. The vessel had eventually to be towed back to port, and an examination this morning showed that all the blades of her propeller had been knocked off. Mr. Driver, M.L.A., who has been ill for a considerable time, is sinking fast. The strike at Hartley Vale is satisfactorily concluded, and the men have resumed full ■work. June 9. Mr. Or. A. Lloyd, who has for some days been engaged in an attempt to meditate be tween the miners and the colliery masters in the late dispute, has at length succeeded in bringing the strike to an end. The miners, delegates have agreed to accept 3s. 9d. when coal is at 10s. per ton as the basis of their wages while the case is being submitted to arbitration, and the masters also have agreed these terms. The delegates will get the consent of their lodges to-morrow, and the men will go to work on Friday morning. Much satisfaction is felt at the result of Mr. Lloyd’s negotiations. June 10 A feeling of general satisfaction was enter tained at the reported termination of the strike at Newcastle, but it now transpires that the Wall send and Co- operative miners stead fastly refuse to sanction any terms except 4s. for l()s. per ton price. The A.A. Company’s miners arc also reported to have rejected the proposal made to them hy the superintend ent.. This action of the miners has caused a strong feeling of resentment in the public mind. Mr. (1. C. Davis, barrister-at-law has been appointed a commissioner to investigate the charges brought against Judge Meymott of the District Court. At the United States Hotel last evening, a Led in which two children were sleeping caught lire, and before they could be rescued bot.ii wen: injured so severely that they died before morning. The steamer Australia, bound from Sydney to (irnfton, when off Newcastle oil Wednes day shipped a heavy sea, carrying away the stem boat and the port lifeboat, and causing other damage. Owing to the cargo shifting, the vessel was thrown on her beam ends, and the second engineer was pitched amongst the machinery and badly injured. The vessel, however, reached Crafton safely. 