JjkefrfM. 4N OLD ENGLISH HOME : BRAMS HILL HOUSE. ( Concluded .) The white pnrk-gato is held wide open by a poor co'er-do-weel In a shabby old red ooat — John Elli« by name. How he gets bis living no one krfows, but if there Is a moet of fox-hounds anywhere within ten miles, there he is sure to be, lioldlne people's horses or roady nt a gate for stray pennies and sixpences. There in usually snch a hanger-on to overy pack of hounds in England — ono who travels immense dis tances on foot to turn up in unexpected places and get a few hard-earned shillinga aa his reward. We jog along under the magnificent silver furs, only to be equalled by thosn In the Duta of Wellington's Park at Strathfieldsaye, hard by ; then up the linio avenue which bordors tho cricket ground, where thirty years ago the most famous matches in Hampshire were played and as wo reach tho iron gates leading up to the houso our little knot of riders has swelled into a veritablo cavalcade. Down tho drivo wo trot, past tho stables, whore tho watoh-doga strain angrily at their chains and a littlo green monkey jibbers with rago and excitement, and in another moment wo turn under tho shadow of tho great house up to the western door. Here all is lrfe and bustle. Twenty or thirty carriages are drawn up by tho wide spreading lawn : grooms are holding horses ready for their masters, who are refreshing tho inner man with cherry brandy and cold breakfast indoors. A tinkle of bolls is heard as the duchess of Wellington drives herself up with hor three ponio3 abreast, Russian fashion. Then a perfectly-appointed brougham, with a pair of magnificent cobs, stops in a corner, and a foldior-like foreigner iu a red coat help3 out a quiet-looking English lady wrapped up in furs. She slips tiiem off as hor groom leads up a prieeloss horse for her to mount, and in a moment is in tue saddle, ana wm riae as straight as any man in tho field to-day. Her husband, Count Morella, better known as tho fatuous Carlist general Cabrera, whoso ttrange and terrible history many years ago fascinated the gentle English heires3, now satisfies his war- like spirit by fox-hunting on the best horses that money can buy, and has settled down into a quiet English country gentleman. The hounds have arrived before us. There they are — the beauties ! — on the green grass, and we ride in among them to have a word with Tom S net man the huntsman and good George Austin the whip, the latter of whom has given me a lead over many a fence. Gallant Tom I the bravest and gentlest of men, how little wa thought that In a year or two we should never tee your honest face again on earth 1 .But you will be long remembered, though you; are with ub no more, and the ato-y will be told for years to come of a duy when the hounds ran into their fox on the South-we»tern Riilway. It was in a outting fifty feet deep, with a tremen dous fence at the top. Tom arrived just in timo to see his hounds on tho rails, with poor Reynard dead in their midst and the express train from Southampton speeding up the hill at fifty miles an hour. He crammed his horse over the great post and rails, down the almost perpendioular side of the outting, whipped the hounds off, and, as the train rushed screaming by, rode oat from under the very wheels of the engine and up the farther bank with hiB resoned paok. Bat now our znastor, Mr. Garth, oomes down the stepB — a signal that we mast no longer waste time talking with our neigh boars, and like a good old friend he gives us a private programme of the way we shall draw. Stirrups are lengthened or shortened, girths tightened, reBtive horses led away to unobserved oorners where their owners oan try to monnt without being seen by the assembled multitude. Sintram executes a war-dance on his hind legs, to the delight of some aoboolboyB in a wagonette, tbe terror oi their fair companions and tho extreme disguBt of his mistress at having to praotice the haute icole before so large an audience. Ab, my poor Sintram ! He danced once too often, and one fine day oame to a sad end by falling backward and breaking liie neck. Tom now comes up to the muBter : ' Shall we go, sir?' ' Yes — now, I think.' A crack of the whips and away trots Tom, llowed by his aplendid paok r.nd his two &hippsrs-in.; Then oomes the master, and we all crowd after them pellmell with horses Pjungmg and kicking, and as soon as wa 8ro fairly out in the open a kind of stampede tabes place among the unruly young ones, and we Bee many an involuntary steeple chase over the Bmooth green cricket-ground. Through the dark avenuea of fir trees we canter to the temple, a little suramer-houss on a promontory in the sea of wood that liee below, and we stand admiring the Ui blue dlatant view away to tho Hogaback and tho South Downs beyond Basingstoke as the hounds begin their work. There they are : you can see their twinkling tails aa - they draw the heather-covered slopes beneath us and disappear among the golden-brown bracken, while one of the whips plunges down after them and shakes a Bhower of amber leaves from the silver birches as he brushes past them. Something streaks away down a gresn drive. A yoang hound gives tongue, but his note of triamph quiokly ohanges to a yelp as the vigilant whip oatohes him with the tip of his long lasli and roars, ' War' * * In hunting diolcot tho waraing ' 'waro ' or ' bo, ware ' is shortened to ' war\' aa in tho old advioo '? War* horse, war* hound, war' hool I' bare 1' Poor little man ! He has tried to ran what is oalled a ' short-tailed fox,' and retarns to tho paok a sadder and a wiser dog. Bat now the tails' twinkle faster than ever. A low whimper from some of the old bounds, then a hurst of joyous music from the pack. ?? Gone away 1' yells Tom, standing up in his stirrups and tooting his horn. Then that nnmistakable aoreeoh whioh is supposed to mean ' Tally-ho 1' from a group of beaters nnd keepers in tbe distanoe, and there, against the park-palings, a beautiful red thing soudding along the soft ride, flat to the ground, hiB buBhy tail flying straight be hind him. Reynard himself I Now let all look oat for themselves. Adiea, oarriages ! adieu, poor pedeatrtans t We are off, and shall not see yon again till dinner-time. Through the park-gate we stream away, down the fir avenue, along the Welsh Ride. We have got a splendid start, and our horses fiy on beside Countats Morella, who . looks tho perfeolion of a hunting lady .In her plain neat habit just down to her feet. Raynard is making for Ooombea's Wood, bat the earths were all Btopppd thiB morning at four o'clock ; so away he speeds again, leaving the rectory and its lovely meadows and the dear old ohurcb below us— away past tbe bogs where tho cotton-grass and the flycatcher, tho blue gentian and the yellow aiphodel, grow among the treacherous tus socks—away to Everaley Wood. Here the same fate— a faggot or three or four sods in tho mouth of each hole — awaits him ; so, changing his tactics, ho strikes boldly across Hartfordbrldge Flats for Lord Calthorpe's woods atElvotham. And now woe to the unwary or to the newcomer who thinks our hoather covered moors are all plain sailing; for along them run long lines of ruts, the re mains of the old park-road of the Middle Ages, worn by the traffic of conturies and now covered deep in purple heath. The only way to get over them, unless you stop and walk, is to jump boldly into the middle, like the man in tho nursery rhyme, and then jnmp out ngain; horses that have been in the country for a while soon learn to do this. Sat Bomo luoklesa ensign who has lately joined his rogimout at Aldorshot comcs do™ bodily, and horse and man roll nnd struggle ju tlio deep ruts whioh William the Conqueror'o pack horsos helped to tread out as they camo from London to Winchester. Now tho woods aro drawing near, and wo cross tho old London road — the high-road between tho metropolis and Southampton — along whioh ninoty stage-coaches ran every day in the good old times. A mile off to our right, down Star Hill, lios the famous White Lion Inn, now a mtBerablo pot-house, whero George IV. used to stay, and whoro, on tho day that the London nnd South-Western Railway was opened, tho old eatlor cut his throat in sheer despair, for Othollo's occupation was gone. Ten miles up the road lies Bigshot ;Heatli, tbe terror of travellers in thoss coaching days. There stood, and standi still, a little wayeldo inn- oalled the Golden Farmer, where many of the coaches stopped to water the hones. Th« wearied travellers of tho end of last century, touched by the tender aolioitude of the charming landlord, confided to his sym pathetic ear their fearB of the highwaymen who were said to infest the heath. Cheered and encouraged with assurances from their host of the perfsct safety of tho particular road thoy intended taking, tho travellers set out. But usually, when they had gone about a mile, tho coach would stop with a sudden jerk, and a masked man on a magniflcont horse would ride up, pistol In hand, and demand their money or their lifo. Same times ' sorfous enoountera took placo with this leader and his band, and then the wounded and terrified victims would drag thomsolvea back to tho Goldon Farmer, whore the host, .full of commiseration for their misfortunes, would lavish care and kindness upon them. This went on for years, and it was not uutil hundreds of robberies had beon committed that the discovery wa3 made of tbe identity of the fascinating landlord and the desperate captain of the highwaymen. Many aro the tales the old people at Eversley used to tell of the ' gentlemen of the road' in their fathers' and grand fathers' time. Even in quiet Eversley itself, a curate, lived Bome hundred years ago whojsa strango career ended on the gallows. Ho owned a splendid black horse which no one ever saw him mount. Bat it was whispered that if anyonopeepoii into its stablo in the morning tbe beautiful creature was seen covered with foam, bathed in perspiration, trembling as if it haa jast come in from a long gallop; and at last it was found out that Parson Darby belonged to the gang of highwaymen on Bagshot Heath. He was caught red handed, and banged close to the Golden Farmer, in chains on a gibbet, of whioh tho posts were still standing forty years ago. But what became of his black horse no one ever could tell me. Now the London road la as safe and quiet as any other well-kept highway, and the wlldeac. passengers upon it are a few wandering gipsies, who travel up and down it from fair to race and from race to fair. But Reynard is speeding away through the pleasant fir-woods, and we are following him as fast as wo can lay logs to ground — scrambling over the rotten banks, scurrying along the soft rldeB, lying low on our saddles' to avoid the sweeping boughs, and watching, with all our eyes, for the slippery roots that crawl along the surface of the sandy soil. Down through the bogs, acrosB thu bridge by the home farm, past the park, into the fallow fields, with half-a-dozen tremondous fences, which send my heart up Into my throat till Siutram lauds mo safe over each, into the fir-woods ac,ain, up to tho foot of the Q-aoen's Mounts; and thore, where good Qu^eu Bess sat and watohed the dear boing driven up to her feet, do we run into our gallant fox, and a ' Whoo-hoop !' from Tom, proclaims that Reynard is no more. But our run has lad us far from home, and while the hounds trot on to Dogmers field Park to draw the coverts of the descen dants of the old regicide Mild may, let us wend our way once more to Bi-amshili and linger a while longer about the terraces and gardens of the dear old house. Come back with mo, gentle reader, through the iron gates under the crumbling archways of the plensaunce, where the Virginia creeper twines its delicate wreaths and glorifies the old etones'in autumn with a flush ot flanso. The trooo-grouud, with its greon turf hb smooth as a billiard table, Is jast as it was in the days of King James. There in the centre is tho iron ring through which the lords and dames drove the heavy wooden troco-balln ; and if you go.into the gardeu-hall through that arched corridor you will seo tbe actual balls that they used, and the long poles, with a kind of iron cup at thoir ends, with which the players pushed them — forerunners of the modern oroauet box that lies besido them. Under the sunny walls run straight, wide borders, where the hees make merry among pinks and lilies, mignonette and gilli-Uowers ; and the walls themsolves are tangled with old-fashioned roses and honeysuckles, One double yellow rose tree, of prodigioua age, is kept aa the apple of the gardener's eye. Tradition tells that it waB brought a hundred years ago from Damascus — a fact which I am quite willing to believe, for the knotted stem tells its own Btory, and certainly there never was a sweeter rose or one more worthy of coming from the far-famed gardens of the East. Many a thousand blossoms have I picked from its descendants, for It is the ancestor of a hardy race ; every sucker of the family grows and thrives in the poorest Boil, and ooverB itself each Juno with a tbiok mass oi oanary-ooloured blossoms. Daring tho three weeks that the yellow briars were in flower every room in Eversley Reotory was decked out with fiat bowls of them on a ground of green ferns, and pnrple-blaok pansies mingled with their golden bloomg. Round about the house masses of an other yellow flower ars planted with no aparlng hand — the groat St. John's wort. It la pleasant to look upon, but it has another value. Dare I tell it in the nine teenth century, this age of railroads nnd telegraphs and iron-clads, when apace and time are in a fair way to be annihilated, and nothing is b» sacred that it may not bo questioned, no problem so hard that men may not try to solve it ? In the dayo when Bramsblll House was built, our forefathers believed firmly in a whole unseen or rarely seen world around them of fairies, ghosts, spirits, and witches. In some outofthe way. corners In England — even in these days of board schools and competitive examinations, when we are told that King Arthur never existed and that William Tell is a ' sun.myth' — some rom nants of this belief still linger. In Devon shire, folks apeak ahyly and with bated breath of the ' good people and even In the year of grace, 1879, a Warwickshire labourer was had np betoro the magistrates for having with a pitchfork half killed a poor old woman whom be declared to be a witob, But be that as it may, in the reign of Jamea I. no one doubted tho existence of the spirit-world about us, and on St. John's Eve all its denizens, good aud bad, were supposed to wander freoly whore they would. One only thing they feared, and that was the groat St. John's wort. Therofore, all who wished to guard house and home from the unwelcome visitors, who pinched the maids, turned the milk sour and plagued their viatims with a thousand impish tricks, planted it freely about their gardens; and thus it is that yon aee its goldon flowers amid their shining rich green leaves and crimson shoots round nearly all old English home. ? Do not laugh at theso old fables, gentla reader. When we wander over the green turf and through tho wide halls wo Beem to have oponod a door that leadB us back into the past out of the tui^poil of tho nineteenth century. And Burely for a moment it can do us no barm to leavo our striving, hurrying, anxious modern lifo, and picture to oarselves the days when our forefathqrg, may be, wero ignorant and superstitions, but when they knew how to ' build and how to fight and how to write— tho days when England becamo ' a nest of singing birds. ' — Bose Gf. Kingslcy, in Lippincott' s JUagazina. 