TUMUT NEWS. [From our correspondent.] LAYING FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE TOWER AND SPIRE OF ALL SAINTS' CHURCH. This important eveut took placo on Tuesday aftoruoon last. Tho weather was propitious, and a largo congregation assembled in tho church at 2.30 o'clock/ At that hour a procos sion loft the Vicarage aud proceeded into tho church. The moinbors of the building com mitted camo first, then Mr. 0. D. BiU'dwoll, followed by tho Lord Bishop of Goulburn and tho clorgy. Tho latter woro tho Von. Arch deaoon Pownall, Bov.? Samuel Fox, and Bov. J. H. Williams. Tho sorvico began by tho Vicar giving out tho 490th hymn, 'All peoplo that on earth do dwoll.' Mrs. Sponcor presided at tho harmo nium, and tho hymn was spiritedly sung by tho choir and congregation. Tho Bov. J.H.Wil liams thon read tho Litany. Tho Bishop gavo tho benediction, and tho procession left tho church, but in tho rovorso jorder, tho Bishop and clorgy going first, followed by Mr. Bardwell and the building committeo. Tho Lord Bishop, standing in tho doorway of tho nave, above tho sito choson, offered prayer, tho peoplo respond ing. Aftorwards tho choir sang tho 438th hymn, ' The church's ono foundation is Jesus Christ tho Lord.' The hymn boing ended, tho Bishop road the usual prayors for such an occa sion. Aftor prayers, tho Vicar handed to Mr. Bard well an olegant silvor trowel, beautifully chasod and inscribed. Mr. W. Kinred, one of tho contractors, superintended tho lowering of tho massivo block of granito, till then suspended ovor tho site. - Mr. Bardwoll, with tho trowol, spread the cement, and tho stouo was placed in position, Ho thon said, ' I lay this foundation stone of tho towor of All Saints' Church to tho honor of God, in the name of tho Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost,' and going through * tho usual formula, Mr. 1 Bardwell declared tho'' ' stone well and truly laid. Tho Archdoacon called for throo chocors for Mr. Bardwell, which wero lustily givoii by tho assemblage. The Bov. G. Spencer said tho Archdeacon had forestalled him in calling for cliocrs for his friend Mr. Bardwell, but ho would prcsontly call for more. Ho was truly thankful to witness this noblo work to-day. Mr; Bardwoll's geuo rosity was about to add a beautiful feature to tho church. Tho architect, Mr. Blackot, had given them a noblo design, but tho full beauty of tho edifice will not appear until tho towor is completed ; this towor is needed to balanco tho whole work. Tho towor about to bo orocted by Mr. Bardwoll was for ornament, but uotfor orna ment alono ; it was for uso as woll as pleasure. Tho use was to carry tho bells whon wo got them. It would havo throe stories — tho top most one, for the bolls, tho next for tho ringore, aud the lower storoj' a porch to tho church. Mr. Bardwell has undertaken tho whole cost, aud lodged tho necessary funds in tho bank. (Loud cheers.) Mr. C. D. Bardwell said : My Lord, Bovercnd Sirs, and Ladies and Gentlemen, — I do not think I am entitled to all tho honor tho rcvoroud speaker would confer upon me. I fool myself only an humble individual, who has lived many yoars in tho world, and whom God has blossed abovo his doservings, aud my aim is to do my duty iu my ovory-day lifo, and, asl have opportu nity, to furthor tho work of God. Tho Almighty has blessed mo in worldly things far abovo all my expectations, and I bcliovo it is tho duty of overy Christian man to assist the clorgy in thoir labors as much as lies in his power, to sympa thise with tho clergyman, to smooth his labori ous duties, and to diffuse among his fellow mon as much happiness as possible. This tower, of . which I have boon privileged to lay the first stono, would bo an omblom of firmness and solidity. I would wish all tho mombors of this church to stand firm in tho faith and doctrino taught by his friend, my worthy clergyman, tho Vicar of this purish. I am very proud to call tho Bov. G. Sponcor my friond, for a faithful friend I havo found liim at all times. Mr. Bardwell wont on to say that ho saw around him many old friends, and ono especially, tho Bov. S. Fox, ho was vory pliiasod to sco prcsent. Mr. Fox had been tho first clergyman in this part of tlio country. Tumut had been particu larly blessed in having a succession of God fearing men located here. Tho speaker con cluded by urging his hearers to bo activo aud zeblous in every good work, as opportunities wore quickly passing away, and stated that while it gavo him supremo pleasure to bo thero that day, he at tho samo timo felt that lie was an unworthy porson whon ho porformed his best services for his God. Tlio Vicar called for three cheers, which woro heartily given. Tho Lord Bishop of Goulburn said it gavo him vory great satisfaction to bo presont and witness this act of his gonorous friend in laying tho foundation-stono of what ho would call tho 11 Bardwell Towor ' of All Saints' Church. Ho trusted many would strivo to oniulato the ox collont example set by Mr. Bardwell. In England it was 110 uncommon thing for mon to set apart a portion of thoir wealth to build housos for prayer and praiso. In tliid land such instancos woro .more rare. Ono gontloman in tho old country, in Worcester, spent £GO,000 iu repairing and renovating tho Cathedral in that city. During tho short spaco of about thirty yoars, mombors of tho Church of England in England had spont about 31 millions sterling in erecting aud renowing churches, and about 18 millions sterling in tho orection of school houses. Thoso wero Wtfll-rocordod facts. In this country exhibitions of largo genorosity aro fow and far botweon. Mr. Bardwell had set a noblo example to his fellow-churchmen in +bin dioceso, by thus choosing the best modoof using a portion of that wealth which God had so abundantly showered into his lap. Tho prayers offered that day would not bo comploto without praying that God would pour his richest bless ings upon tho head of thoir friond, and causo him to bccomo a living stouo in that spiritual tomplo, 'Build upon the foundation of tho apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself boing tho chief corner-stono.' This parish had been highly favored in the number of true and faithful ministers who sorvod here. Ho would mention^.such names as Fox, Byng, Pownall, and Evan Jones. Tho good seed sown by them was boaring fruit at tho present timo under the ministrations of tho Bov. G. Spencer, who was successfully continuing tho work of progress. This church was approaching tho hundredth orocted at which he had had tho ploasure of assisting. His Lordship conoludod by observing that this vory hundsomo church was a great crodit to tho dioceso aud to tho parish, and ho bolioved it would provo tho moans of blessing for generations to como, that horo many might bo brought to a saving knowlodgo of Jesus. Ho prayed that God would bless this parish, its clergyman and its pooplo, and tlioir gonorous 1 friond prosont to-day. (Cheers.) Tho Von. Archdeacon Powuall said that as tho j Bov. Mr. Sponcor had callcd upon him, ho would with footings of much pleasure say a fow words, heartily congratulating all prosont ou tho pro gross of ohurchwork in Tumut. Tho pooplo had dono wondors, hut much romainod to ho dono, and ho would ropoat what ho said on Suuday, ' Bo standfast.' Ho was glad to ho among thom to assist in laying tho foundation stone of tho towor about to bo oroctod at tho oxponso of thoir very kind friond Mr. Bardwoll. This towor will bo an omamont to tho town and district, but it will also sorvo many useful pur poses. Thoso of thoin who camo from tho old laud will romombor tho towors aud spires thoy gazed upon in tlioir childhood, pointing hoavon ward, rominding ono of a hotter portion thoro, whoro tho treasuro is safo from moth and rust. Fow can forgot tho sound of tho church-going boll. Up to tho prosont Tumut, ho feared, had boon without a real church-going boll. Whon such a boll — or, it may bo, a peal of bolls shall bo placed in this towor, ho would bo happy to como ovor and perform what ho beliovod was a portion of his archiodoaconal functions, and pull tho ropo, aud givo tho first tonos (choors). Thoro is tho Sabbath boll, which draws to tho houso of God on Sunday. But tho boll souuds at other times. Who hath not felt a tiuglo of dolight on listoning to the chimos of tho mar* riago bells P Somo around might yot rojoico to hoar thoso sounds. Thoy might hoar tho bolls ringing and chiming for C. D. Bardwoll. Ho (tho Archdeacon) would on that occason bo happy to como and ring thom. But the bell had a solemn uso also. At times we hear tho passing boll, tho funeral knoll which proclaims tho passing away from earth of- the loved who visit us no more. As the tono of tho muffled boll strikes upon tho car, wo should remember that wo aro mortal, and that soon wo must go to our narrow bed. Lot us trust iu euro and cortuin hopo of tho rosurroctiou to etornal lifo. Tho bells ringing beautifully from tho lofty towor on a bright morning aro highly instruc tive, reminding one of his duty in this world, aud that thero can bo no truo happiness apart from* serving God. Tho Archdcucon said ho deprecated tho idea of churches being mere prcaching shops. Theso woro sacrcd placcs, where wo should moot to worship God, and not to hear this or that particular prcacher. Ho did not want to kuow who mon went to hear ; ho wanted to know that they wont to God's houeo to pour out their soul boforo thoir Father iu heavon, to minglo their prayers with God's peoplo boforo the footstool of graco ; thon thoir church-goiug would not bo in vain. Ho would finish by saying, 44 Koop thy foot when thou gocst to tho house of God,' and thou, by God's blessing, thoy would find His houso tho very gato of heavon. (Loud cheering.) Tho Itov. S. Fox stated what great plcosuro ho folt at being present. Twenty-fivo years ago Mr. Bardwoll hud boon his guide into tho bush, ?and now, to look around him upon a sceno which so delighted his heart, ho could not help exclaiming, 41 What hath God wrought?' He did not know whether to congratulate most tho peoplo of Tumut or Mr. Bardwoll. Ho did con gratulate his old friond that God had not only given him tho means to do this good work, but tho mind to do it, which was perhaps bettor still. Tho rov. spoakor tondored much sterling advico, couched iu loving language, and hoped that all who hoard him that day would with him moot at last around tho throno of God in glory. I am sony that I must tako this lottor to tho post unfinished. Tlio Vicar dotailod tho littlo history of tho 44 Bardwoll Tower,' showing iu j what a quiet, unostentatious way his friend had gono about this noblo work; but I must give you tho conclusion of tho matter, and tho votes of thunks, and tho wondorful success of tho toa-mcoting at night, tho report of tho speeches, and tho financial statement in my noxt lotter. Suffice it, in tho meantime, that £100 woro colloctod' altogcthor, and tho dobt upon tho church has bson reducod to about £a00. Impounded at Tumut, on 13th April, from Mount Viow, by Messrs. Kiley and Sons : — Strawberry poloy cow, branded ovor H off rump ; whito bullock, like ovor M noar rump, liko JO (tho 0 sidoways) near point of rump, off car marked ; red cow, liko W3 near rump, 7 noar ribs, noar ear marked ; rod aud whito heifer, IF ovor 2 near rump ; strawberry j bullock, liko IF ovor 2 off ribs (damages and driving lis; oach). — From Bombowleo. on loth April, by Mr. W. Eggloton, damages and driving 9s. : — Brown draught horse, CD noar shoulder, star and snip, throo whito foot. Will bo sold 6th Ma}r. 