Mr. Sheridan's Reply to Protectionist. TO THE EDITOR. SIR—.1 am rapidly becoming in need of " protection." Is " Protectionist" the ghost of Robinson Crusoe, or of a Chinese Mandarin?" Both were Protectionists, the one from necessity, the other from choice. The state of neither was enviable. If " Protectionist" is real flesh and blood, Juan Fernandez or Pekin would gladly welcome him. It is to be regretted that your correspondent should take serious umbrage at a jocular illustration, and become so sadly and cruelly personal. I humbly venture to advise him to study the art of synecdoche, or the art of putting the good of few so as to appear to be the good of many. Its use it is clear is not obsolete. If it were possible by becoming a Protectionist to impede the 4 ' cause " of the nostrum of protection, I would become a Protectionist to-morrow. A nice " factor " I should be as a " weak vessel," knowing nothing of logic, as your correspondent courteously points out. I should then represent ." cost," which is not out of place in considering production, although he does not admit that swapping jackets represents " labor," I am really thankful that he can charitably excuse utterances like mine from " rabid Freetraders," though it seenis he cannot do so from me. It is clear therefore "logically" that either I am not " rabid " or not a " Free-trader," Which is it? I am, &c.;, JOHN B. SHERIDAN. It is said that Queen Victoria is on bad terms with several members of her family. The Crown princess of Germany has too much of a mind of her own, and Princess Alice's husband has also displeased her. Boy named Firth, Clarence district, was bitten by a black snake.:. After remaining unconscious for fourteen hours he unexpectedly recovered. \- The aspersions of libellers may be compared to fuller's earth, "which, though it may seem to dirt you at first, only leaves you more pure aad spotless jwhen it is rubbed off. to vl^ieT<4.-.ihat the Apostle Paul was fond of VdfcsefiteK 3-^!Because we are told he had affectionate remembrances of Phillipi (filly pie). [This is by a Port correspondent. All rights reserved.] 