Answers to Correspondents. *#* Correspondents will please lalee notice tliat no questions will oe ansiuereä unless the sender gives his teal name and address in full-not for publication, but as ¡ a guarantee of good Jaith, and that he is a subscriber. Correspondents ivho wish their questions promptly 'answered, should not include inquiries respecting tico or mero subjects in one letter. Inattention to this rule is a fruitful cause of delay in ans wering. Moruya--Next week. Rustic--The tickets did not win prizes. ?.Prospector (Frogmore)-The specimens are oxide of iron, changed from iron pyrites. .-¡ T. f.'(Tingha)-Not very common; but vie do not think the exhibition would pay, . " M. W. asks-To whom does the ? following ' cattle brand belo7ig, MI over 0 ?-James McIntyre, Stroud. J. 8.'/.Peel)-We cannot undertake this work. Em ploy a respectable land agent. ; Rheumatism {Bonshaw)-We fear the enlargement of thc bone cannot be removed except by amputation. Bee a medical man about your general health. R. B. (Upper Turon)-The excursion trains from Wallerawang arrive in Sydney on Tuesdays, Thurs days, and 8ah(,rdays ; for return, 19s dd and 13s 3d. T. M. ; (Burrowa)-Send a piece of the ore un Crushed, and state for what mineral, you want it '? examined. W. B.! (Barrier)-Please give your question in full. Having mislaid the first query, we cannot quite understand your second. . G. (?; (Wilcannia)-We have no record. Write to the sergeant of police, and he will furnish the infor mation. . Ropeyarn asks-Wliat are the charges per mile of delivering telcgraj)hic messages in the country ?-One shilling per mile beyond the first. Inquirer (Lismore)-Of course it was an error; but the fuller particulars rendered correction unneces , Bary. .. Beta (Callandoon)-We do not know when it will take placed It is the opinion of many that it is a swindling transaction. J. B. (Sydney)-Apply to the Inspector-General of Police; Youshould be h feet 7 inches in your stockings and unmarried'. M. N. (Nerriga)-Hie addresses of two furriers in Melbourne are : George Moss, ll, Bc-u-rke-street, and H. Cohn, Queen and Collins streets^ In Sydney ; T. W. Crawley and J. S. Palmar, Hunter-street. W. (Tenterfield). asks-If a man marries a woman 17 years of age, and she contracts a debt when 14 years of age, that is three years before she was married, is the husband liable to pay the debt?-No. A. L. 8, (Hillston)-You cannot get a guide book to Taylor's sewing maclvine atpresent. Write to Turner and Wood¡, of .George-street; they may be able to ex plain anything you wish. i T. B. (Jerry's Plains)-The motlier ceased to have, any legal claim when sha married aaain, so that even she was not a necessary parly to the deed. The second husband has no claim. Minmi asks-Can you tell me if I can fetch my mother out to Sydney by an immigrant ship. She is 57 years of age, and how much would it cost ?-Yes. for .£2. . ... ... . Inquirer (Bulli) asks-(1J A has an allotment of land adjoining B. Can A force B to put half oj the fence up ?-Yes, or to pay for tho expense. (1.) If so, how much notice must be given?-Six months' notice. Poultry (Barwang) asks-What is tho name of ares pectable'salesman who would receive poultry from the country-(by train) for disposal in'the Sydney markets ? *-Apply to W. H. Ireland, Markets, George-street, i G. JI M. '(Sydney) asks-Is a man liable to prosecu tionfor'receiving money from persons as payment for advice given by him on legal subjects, he styling him self " lain agent,"though'.not admitted?-Yes. Galathua asks-Is the clause 8 of the amended Im pounding Act, May, 1879, in reference to the . penalty for leaving open gates and slip panels on leased or purchased, ground still in force?-Yes. ' J. Ht .(Petersham) asks-Can the keeper of a tollbar charge: for vehicles returning from graveyards ?-No tolls are chargeable in respect of any horse,- beast, carriage, or other vehicle attending a funeral. . C. W. Keenan (Arthurville)-The number of cubical yards in a piece of ground 12 yards square and Gf t deep is 288... This is ascertained by .multiplying the , length by tho breadth by the depth. T. D. asks-(1.) Zs a Crown lessee entitled to a ?razing right over a forest reserve situated on his\ ease?--Yes. (2.) Can holders of land adjacent, exercise a pre-emptive, right tiler eon?-No. ' Fregjient Sufferer-You have no remedy. Ifany attempts have been made to pass a law to restrain pawnbrokers and moneylenders in their usurious practices, but without avail. fl. (Botany) aslis-Will you kindly inform me. the year in which Fisher roas murdered, that is, Fisher ' relating to the ghost story ?-About the year 1828 or 1829\. : ' A. W.. M. (Port Macquarie) aslcs-Was Mr. Charles Cowper,, the present Sheriff of New South Wales, ever elected^ a member of Parliament in this colony ; if so ly . what constituency, and how often?-Once. Tumut. E. F. (Camperdown) aslcs-Which is tho greater Statesman, Sir Henry Parkes or Sir 0. Gavan 'Duffy? It is a> matter of opinion. Buffy is a scholar and- a gentleman, and in these respects has tlio advantage of the Premier of Now South Wales. J. M. (Liverpool)-(1.) What kind of 'stuff is best to Vsefor cleaning a volunteer's helmet, and make it tohite? (%.) What is best to use to clean the plate in front of the helmet?-Will some volunteer kindly answer these inquiries. frSteam asks-"What it tho last published value stopping stock of the following companies ?-The Aus tralian Steam Navigation Company, £15} the Illa warra, ditto, ¿fiB 10«; tho New Hunter River ditto. JBG Wit tho Tasmanian ditto, .?13. : J. H. 8. (Gulgong) asks-Has il become lawful for wholesale wine and spirit merchants lo charge 2s extra per gallon for imported spirits?-They can charge what they like, and if you, want the goods you must pay the price that they will lake. F. (Lincoln)-(1.) The cost of a -divorce in a clear case would Ve about ¿250. (2.) The magistrales were entirely wrong in the maintenance case, that is if 1/0117'story can be corroborated; but to obtain rc-1 dress it would cost you ¿G100 in law expenses. J. B. (Woodburn) aslcs-lYhcre can I purchase \\\ inch copper piping, also angles for same, and stale price per foot and per angle ?-Milne Bros., and W. Robison, both houses coppersmiths, of Sussex-street, can supply what you in quire for-12 feet with three working bends, £2 Í8s Gd. A Foreigner asks-A foreigner wishes to bc natural ised. Would you kindly give me thc information re quired on the subject?-We have given this a dozen times at least. Write to the Government Printing Office for Act 39 Vic, No. 19. This gives all the in formation you, will want,\ Selector inquires-Wlien I am granted three years from date of survey to complete improvements am I allowed the three months grace after that date?-Tlie improvements must bo effected within three years from date of survey, vide 28th clause of the. regulations, Chapter II. R. C. (Mudgee) asks-Wliere is liquid black lead to bo obtained in Sydney, and the pi-ice?-Wo do not know of liquid black lead, but y ou may obtain Bruns toick black lead or Berlin lead from Lassetter and Go. We presume it is for blacking stoves, if c. The ¡price is 9d, ls Gd and 2s Gd per jar. P. M. (West Maitland) asks-My father bought an allotment of land in the town of Maryborough, Queensland, in thc year 1852. Where could I pct a copy of the plans, and about the cost of same?-Write to Vivyan Williams, surveyor, Maryborough. Eva (Bathurst) asks-Wlien did Isabella, late Queen of Spain, die ; also place of demise, and any other particulars ?-Isabella, late Queen, . and also mother of the present King of Spain, is still alive, and roas at Madrid, at the wedding of her son, in December. S. M. 8. (Bathurst)-The fruit-dryer yon inquire about is not on sale in Sydney. If you" write to Baron, Moxham, and Co., Clarence-street', Sydney, or other firms of importers, they will furnish you with information as to pr.ice, and will import the article for you. T. H. G. (Moree) asks-Is there such an institu tion in Sydney or neighbourhood as an Inf ants' Home lohere children of unfortunate young females are taken in and cared for; if so, the address of the managers?-Tes, Infants' Home, Ashfield. Miss Trollope is the lady superintendent. C. G. E. (Maitland) asks-Is it legal for the postmaster to charge one penny postage for the " Town and Country Journal," posted in the town of East Maitland bi/ your agent to nie?-If not one weeli old he cannot charge. J. P. T. asks-Will you oblige me by letting me know Af I am entitled to my father's land, as he has been Uead since 18G1. I ani the eldest son. My age is 37 years and S montJis. My Another is married again. ? I have five sisters ahd two brothers, all married.. He never mada a will ??-Yes. : ... W. M. (Wyndeyer) asks-I shall feel much obliged if you will inform me what ingredient to. add to the materials, when making soap, to make the soap yellow. .Imake very good soap, but it is while ?-Rosin, laz io the lb of fat, or in larger proportion if required.to be dark. Nandewa-It isimpossiblè to say whether or not this comet has been seen before until observations are made of Hs head or nucleus, which has not been seen here yet. The earth turns on its own axis once in twenty four hours, and by making 365 such turns it travels or rolls round the-sun. . . " . ? ??>' ' . L. H. W. aslcs-Would you please inform; me of t he nama and address of the manager or secretary of the Glass Works, Camperdown ??-The principal glass works in Sydney are those, of Messrs. Elliott Bros. at Balmain, and of Mr. Ross al Camperdown. Ad: dress Joseph Ross, Australia-street, Camperdowiu TPV B. (Myall River)-Reckoning your engine at 12-horse nominal, and giving 10 feet of surface per horse-power, you would require aboiler 20 feet long at least. To give the exact size on\tlie dimensions of your engine pressure and speed, it would be necessary also to know the quality ofthej'uel and the- draught, to give rate of combustion. ' Jackin) Jackey asks-I have two separate 7o<s of money in one bank. Host the receipts. Tlie manager refuses to give new receipts, or an acknowledgment aa open account, except I get a man to ? go às security for me. Wliat am I to do?-The bank must pay the money toy ou when the timo arrives for the fixed deposits to fall due. If they do not pay them sue the bank, F. P. Qr. aslcs-A lea'es a farm to B and get,s the documents- prepared for .signature. Af ter being six months on the place B' refuses both to sign the lease and copy, or to leavethe farm. How is A to proceed to get him out of it?-TVhat 'were the terms of the agree ment? We must know this before we can answer the, query. À selector asks-A and B have land adjoining. B is putting up a fence with a top rail and four wires between A and B's land. A wants to put up a three rail fence ; can B compel A to pay his hal f of such fence ?-The jence must be a sufficient one. In case of aldispute the judge or jury, as the case may be, will decide what is a sufficient fence. .. .; . . A. B. 0. (Iromangie) asks-A and B aroinpartner ship on a station, and get involved with the bank. A has private property j and the bank closes on them and sells tho station. It does not fetch the amount of in debtednßss. Can the bank sell A's /private property to clear it ?-Ycs, after obtaining judgment in an action. L. B. (Lachlan River)-The cubical contents of your tank are 895.2 cubical yards, or a little better than 895 solid yards. The solution is found by gettinq the area of the top, 97 x 70=6790; tho area of the boltom, 36 x 12=432 ; four times tlie aroa ofasection midway, 66.5 x 41=10,906 ; those areas added together, equal to 18,128, which, multiplied by the depth, 8ft, and di vided by 27 to bring result to yarcts, gives 895. G. < (Gilgunnia)-In your diagram, tho bottom of your tank is a aguare, every side being aGft. Youhave drawn the top ends and sides parallel to the bottom, therefore the top ia o rectangle. Now if this is correct the slopes need not be taken into consideration in cal culating tho contents, as tho figure is a prismoid, and contents aro calculated by a regular and precise for mula, which gives 3392 cubical yards exactly. Inquirer (Newcastle) asks-(l.) Is a mayor of a city called to convene a public meeting by virtue of his ofilco, chairman of that meeting ?-Yes. (2.). In his absence who should preside, an alderman or a private citieen ?-The meeting generally elects their chairman in the absence of the mayor. Tlie cliairman chosan is generally a magistrate, who takes precedence after the mayor, .-. ,¡ . . > ,.; ...¡ Sliprail-; (Merriwa) ashs-If I hold a license to. cut or drau' timber from Croton lands to my saw-mill,: tull ich is erected on -privateproperty, must the teamster u'iio removes the sawn timber from the mill hold a limber license. Tho police maintain that it still con stitutes timber off Crown lands, and is therefore liable ?-Thc police are wrong. New Chum ashs-A man gets four days' imprison ment at a quarter to 12 on Saturday night. When will his time expire?-At a quarter to 12 on Wed-* nesday. Of course there is no such case, and t,\iur question is only a fancy one. We wish our subscribers would be kind enough lo save us thetrouble of answer ing such, asno magistrate would be sitting to adjudi cate at such a time. T. K. asks-Is a Division of the Sons and Daughters of Temperance suppiosed to have a label posted lip outside their place of meeting with the name of the Division, number, and time of meeting. The Division is registered, and is published in the paper where it is held every week?-It is compulsory upon an industrial or co-operative society to do so, but not upon a temperance society. I %Alpha\\(Bendemear) asks-I had a pimple come on my nose about twelve months ago, and four months ago I 2>ricliedit and took a thimble full of blood from it; but it is now the same as ever. What would you recom mend me, or how could I remove it ?-Let' alone until you get good medical advice. If you meddle with it you will probabhj establish cancer, if that is not al ready the case. Bateman ashs-J lend a man ¿680, and as security for this sum he qives me a mortgage on 100 acres of selected land. This man has since gone to America to live, and I find that he had transferred the selection in question to his son prior to giving it to me as security. How am I to recover my money ?-Your only chance of success is to prove that the transfer to the soii was fraudulent. . A Constant Subscriber asks-Are all water, timber, and travelling stock reserves, on a squatter's run, included in his lease, and is it legal for him to put improvements on same before any of them are revoked?-It does not always follow that all reserves on a run are tinder lease to ilie lessee, but if so lie can improve them; but that fact would not confer any special right on him. J. C. H. (Wellington) aslcs-What month of the year '58 (or was it in '58) did the great comet appear in, and in which month did it disappear in ihe Northern hemisphere ?~Ycs. Il was first seen on June 2, 1858, and last seen end of November, 1858; but it had no tail until August 14, and by October 10 the tail was 61 degrees long. To an observer without a telescope ' the comet would not be seen until it had developed tlie tail. Buckwheat asks-Jam a selector ; before selecting my adjoining neighbour erected a fence on tohat was then his grass right. When my land was surveyed his fence was found to.be some 3ft extending about .IQ chains on my ground. Can I compel him to shift the fence or have 1 any redress ?-You can knock his fente down if he will not remove it, and if your neighbour is now a freeholder you can compel him to pay for the ex pense of putting up a fence on tho dividing line. E. P. (Bringelly) writes-W. W. wants to get a recipe for extracting worms from decayedteeth, and your answer that there is no worm is not satisfactory. Let him try the following lox of henbane seed, placed on some live coal an a shovel, hold abasin over thefire for five-minutes, fill withboiUng .water j.andinhale the steam. Lei the -patient hold his hands round the basin so that the steam from it will, go into his mouth, and thc worms will comefromhis teeth-intd the basin. ~ W. F. F. (Lismore)-Your leaf marlced No. 1 we are unableto identify, even with the use of a microscope it would be difficult, as th ere are many plants with leaves 'similar. No. 2 is Tradescantia Volubilis, and No. 3 is Tecoma Jasniinoides, commonly called-the Moreton Bay Bignonia, one of our most valued evergreen clim bers. If avower, or even a few words of'description Tiad accompanied the leaf we no .doubt, could.Jiave identified No. 1 without difficulty.?? E. G. (Kayuga) asks-(1.) Could you oblige by let ting me knotv which would be . the most suitable dis trict to get a change of seed-wheat from, a's I think a change from a colder district would be pf some advan tage. Would the Adelaide wheat -be suitable for this district,:,Muswellbrook, Braidwood,. Bungonia, or similar climates ?-Adelaide seed would not answer your idea. (2.) The goods come under a different regu lation. - . . , . . ; 2*. X. (Wilcannia) aslcs-A 'man engages in Mel bourne for this town as. store, hand on, say, 18th October. He is three weeks on the journey. Can he claim salary from the abovédate, or is he. onhj entitled to a weekly salary from starting work ?-If nothing is said as to when the services are to commence, tíien the servant is only entitled to claim' from the day he actually entered upon his duties;- but if he were engaged as from the 18th October, ho is entitled to wages from that date. F. 0. (Dalby, Queensland) asks-Can you gîver.ie, through your correspondents' columns^ a simple and yet efficacious cure for neuralgia. By doing so you will oblige?-If in the face strong snuff and quinine, two parts ' of the snuff to ono of quinine, taken by the nostrils as frequently as tho patient can bear it, will .often dissipate tho pain. Pulvermacher'S: electro galvanic.chains are much.in favour ; but neuralgia is \\.of such varied form and of such different origin that it is impossible to suggest a sure' cure. ' Lilley (Yetman)-In answer to your query about cubical contents' of a.tank, we do not understand what, you mean by " the other side and end being only i yards back and sloped off-S." IVliat is meant by sloped off-S. ?-If you measure the sides and ends of top, tho sides and ends ' of bottom, and put these measurements on a diagram, we shall be happy to solve your query. It xoill assist us also if you give any perpendicular distances that youmay measure, as these afford a check to the work. ? J. Ah Chea asks-Have you an experienced gardener in your office, or do you get the information from a book that you give in your monthly memoranda on farming and gardening. If the latter, I wish to get one of the same to assist me in' managing a Icitcllen garden?-The information referred to t's prepared by our agricultural editor, a gentleman who has had many years practical exper ience in this colony both on the farm and tlie garden. At present we cannot re commend any book that would assisi much-such a work is wanted.. Subscriber (Menindie) aslcs-A bets B thal if an ex- ' telegraph master (that can read by soundy stands out-. side a telegraph office and listens to business passing, through, and he divulges anything he has heard that he (the ex-telegraph m aster) is liable to punishment. B bets that he rs not. Who wins A or B ? Will you kindly decide? And who can punish 7iim,the Govern ment or receiver of the telegram, and what punish ment is he liable to ?-The ex T. M. is not liable to ? punishment at. the hands of tho Government nor is ho liable to an action; he deserves a good kicking. T. L, O. asl¡3-(l.) Has a husband power lo remove his wife from apublic or private house; if so,by what means?-Yes, by force. (2.) Can he sue for wages if ,any, person, employs Jw?-Np, as the 2nd section of . ? ---**.? 42 Vic., No. ll, makes her earnings her separate pro* perty, and her receipt alone is'a good discharge. (3.) Can he give her or the man in charge for commit', fing adultery, or is an employer under a penalty emr. ploying a couple, he knowing they are unmarried?-* No. (4.) Is it legal for tlie husband to caution the public not to harbour his wife; if so, what is tlie pen ally ?-Fee; no penalty. ??),-.'? ??? A. T. R. asks-A girl wants to go from the Clarence " River lo George's Sound, Western Australia. How should she go, what would it cost her, and would you advise her (a rough domestic servant) to go there ?-. : Take steerage passage in one of the C. and R.R.S.N. Co.'s steamers, 30s; then from Sydney per P. and O. ' boat to King George's Sound, which would cost her ¿69 in the second cabin, as there is no steerage. We should'- ? certainly not advise a rough general servant to go to Western Australia. She could find far more profit- 1 able employment in New South Wales or Queensland. Weights and Measures (Bingera) asks-Has: a, ; magistrate power to authorise in writing an inspector' of weights and measures to enter a post-office and test the scales used for weighing letters?-The Weights' ' and. Measures Act makes it lawful for magistrates to. authorise inspectors to enter places wherein goods shall be weighed for conveyance, and to test the ' weights. Strictly speaking, post-office scales would ?! under this Act be liable to be inspected, but we do hot ;. think the Act contemplates this; and then again, ? who is to be made liable? The scales are Government'? ones,1.and.you could not prosecute the Crown. ..»* , Anxious asks-My mother nursed an old mani He' 1 died and left a plot of cultivated ground, about half, -s an acre, in the town. He made a will that if his.son.r; was not heard of in twelve months from his death this s place was to be sold, and he left mother £25 -for ' ; nursing him during illness, and told mother-in tho presence of a witness, that she was to live in the house '? free of all rent until the'property was sold. Now.I, want to know if the executors can turn me out before ' ? the expiration of time, or make me pay rent before that >.. time expires, or if they can stop the rent out of the ; ¿625?-If there is nothing in the'will about 'yoúr : : motlier living rent free, then she must pay rent if shs t occupy. .. .j... Sufferer (Sydney)-Hoarseness and phlegm in the ' throat usually result from colds, and inflammation of [ the bronchial tubes and air passages. Change, of .air / will often cure. When severe, mustard plasters onthe: chest shouldbe tried. As medicine, wlien the phlegm'? is troublesome, take a tablespoonful of the following' ?' every four hours : Goa milk of ammonia, ^-drachv}' Hover's powder mixed well in a mortar,, and then .add '? los oxymel of squills; §oé sweet spirits of nitre, and, > $oz of syrup of tolu. If, however, the phlegm arises from the elongation of the uvula, merely suckinq alum - or saltpetre balls (to be obtained of any chemist) usually gives relief ; butwhenthis fails,itisburntwïth caustic. ...... ....... Inquirer writes-A friend of mine was recently >[ bitten by a large spider in several places on the ii1 shoulder. The spider was one of those willi the brown" body and a red spot on the back. He suffered ex-'., cruciuting pains for over twenty-four hours, followed',v' j by severe prostration and wealmess. When atiits'i height he describes the pain as being such as if the 1 whole of the nerves and sinews of the body were being1' bound into a knot and then drawn óut. \ Could ybu.'i inform me of the proper treatment to be observed when,] - bitten by one of these venomous insects ?-The bitten :; spot should be vigourously sucked by the mouth of rf!.' . friend (if the party's own cannot reach it)' with or1'-" without scarifying. Ammonia should, also bemused :!, after the sucking. Furtherintimation'invited!*J.,:.f,J,' H. C. (Wolgan) asks--Could you. please give me ci/ recipe for preserving peaches and plums intheirwliole?] state as you take them -off the trees?-To llb of fruit '' put iib of loaf sugar. Boil up at once. Place your ? cans (glass best) in a tub, up to the top of the cans' in ¿ water as hot as possible, in as well as outs ide the- cans. ~ Let the cans stand sófora minute. -. Then,, while, the suaar and fruit are boiling hot,'fill'the cans while... af fît standing in the hot water. Fill them quite full;, put on the cover, and'seal with cement. Talca ..ffiie' filled cans out of the tub, and when cool turn 'them coverside down, and thus let them remain in store, until wanted for use. This xviii preserve the fruit well for. oneyear, and it will not spoil if kept three years or longer. . . Inquirer (WallsendJ asks-(1.) Will you give a recipe for making ginger wine? (2.) Is alVgingef. \ wine intoxicating ? . For ginger cordial t Raisins lio, ; \ bruised ginger, the rind of one lemon./ Bleep them in a quart of best brandy, strain^ and add llb of powdered white sugar to each quart. This'should be bottled and used with water. Ganger Wine : 2lb loaf , sugar, 2oz bruised ginqer, 1 gallon rooter, h'óil together; for one hovr ; put the liquor lo cool, add, the shin and juice of six lemons, and apieceof toast moistened with', yeast ; cover over with a cloth, and when fermenting commences put into a cash, ana let it ferment 10 to 15 " days. Then add \ïb of split raisins to each gallon', ', bung, and in a month or so rack off, clear with a little isinglass, and bottle in two months aj'ter racking. It t will then be fit for use. These ' preparations are of iii- ' toxicating properties, as are all preparations known . as ginger wine. Scout asks-(1.) Boes the prefim "tri," as in tri- . weekly, mean thrice?-Yes. (2.) What is the. true, meaning of 'tri-iueekly. Is it three-loeekly or thrice ivéekly ?-Thrice weekly. (3.) A and R take a con tract. The remainder, on completion of same, after^, deducting expenses, was to be divided equally between - them, lt was agreed, however, that any one of-the two men, if offered whilst tlie aforementioned contract. was being carried out, a good "job" could taiteii. ?? without being compelled to put a man in his placed A wa3 offered 3i days' work, and accepted it. B re- ', mained working at the said contract these 3i days. Can B compel A ta allow him wages for these days, and, if thc rate of wages here La 10s per diem, can he oblige A to pay him according to that rate ?-No, not if the agreement was as you state. (4.) Wliere canl procure the poem "Beautiful Snow," and at wha$ price, post free ?-Write to " A. A. W." at this office. He has.published the three poems, "'BeautifulSnow" , " Beaxàiful Sin," and " Beautiful Cliild," Printed on satin, tho cost would be 3s Gd; on poper, ls. Lex asks-I purchased two sheds from a leaseholder^' who had erected them at his own expense for trade purposes, intending them io be port able, and merely fixed to plates lying on the ground. I proceeded, in his presence and by his direction, to take down th9 erections, when we were served with a notice from.the> qround landlord not to remove thc sheds off " freehold land." I desisted, and left, putting back on the land what we had taken into the street. I am nova iii receipt 'of a notice to put tlie shed up again as w& found it, or "an action" will be the result. (1.) Can the leaseholder remove what ho has put up fop trade purposes?-As a rule yes, provided,the removal does not injure the freehold. (2.) Can I trespass on his (the »leaseholder's) land without his consent to repair?-No. You must remove before the lease ex pires. (3.) Am I, as tho leaseholder, liable, §c?-? This is subject to facts, asin No. 1. If trade fixtures, and not annexed to freehold, no liability ; otherwise primarily the person removing them is Kaila to the, ' freeholder, but the person selling them would have.to malee good tho loss, - ' .' : '; ;>. 