The Maitland Mercury. SATUBDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1880. St. Peter's Sunday School Feast. WELCOMING THE BISHOP. Yesterday, the annual feast to the children attending the day and Sunday Schools in connexion with St. Peter's Church, East Maitland, took place. The spot chosen was the picturesque locality known as Eckford's Brush, Pitnacree, a nicely undulat- ing landscape, well-shaded with cedar and other indigenous trees. The children and their teachers assembled as usual at the Church, and after the customary services, repaired to the scene or the festivity, where the intervals between refreshment were occupied in various games, in swinging, in running for prizes, and the like sports. The weather was clear spring weather, rather warm perhaps, and in the afternoon a storm threatened. The day was delightful, nevertheless, and the children and their friends thoroughly enjoyed themselves. A very large element of interest was added to the occasion by the presence ot the Bishop of Newcastle and Mrs. Pearson. Advantage was taken of his Lordship's visit to present him, in some degree of form, an address of welcome. The cere- mony took place in the afternoon, when visitors had arrived in comparatively large numbers. The visitors and children having been gathered together, the Rev. Canon TYRELL, said that the East Maitland district, always loyal to the Bishop of the diocese, was anxious to present to Dr. Pearson as address of welcome, not only to the diocese but also to the district. They were glad to have that festive opportunity, which was more in accordance with their feelings than a more formal meeting, called solely for the purpose of presenting an address. He would not take up much time, but would only say they were thankful to the Bishop and Mrs. Pearson for giving by their presence an eclat to the feast. He hoped they would join with them in many more such festive gatherings, that the Bishop's rule over them would be for their spiritual good, and that East Maitland as a district of the diocese would always be obedient to his Lordship s spiritual guiding lie would now ask Mr. Addison to read the address. Mr. G.-.W. F. Addison read the address as follows ' To the Right Rev. J. H. Pearson, D. D. Bishop of Newcastle, New South Wales. "Right Reverend Father in God.- We the incumbent and members of the Church ol England in the district ol East Mait land, cum Mount Vincent, Buchanan and Largs, bid you wel- come to the district with much joy. " We desire to express our veneration for the sacred office to which you have been called, and our respect for the high qualities which render you worthy of so exalted a posltion in the Church of Christ. We recognise in your elec- tion to this see an answer to our long continued prayers for divine guidance in the choice of a bishop ; and so we thankfully welcome you with the open arms of Christian lore. " The presence of our late revered bishop was familiar to us in East Maitland, as his Lordship kindly undertook the cele- bration of Divine Service in St Peter's Church every fourth Sunday, throughout the year, during the necessary absence of the clergyman in the distant parts of this large and populous district. We venture to express the hope that your Lordship will support and encourage us with your presence as often as your onerous duties will allow. " We desire in conclusion to assure your Lordship of our sense of the responsibility inseparable from your sacred office, and of our earnest wish to give you all the support a district can and may in your efforts tor the spiritual advancement of the whole flock over which tho Holy Ghost has made you over- seer. " We beg to subscribe ourselves your Lordship's faithful servants in Christ." The Rev. Canon TYRRELL called his Lordship's attention to writing and illumination of the address, which were really con- spicuously excellent, and said the work was that of Master Watts, a pupil in St Peter's day School. Master Watts being asked to step forward complied, and the Bishop said the writ- ing was very beautiful, and he should value the address very much. The BISHOP then said he thanked them all for the hearty welcome they had given him to East Maitland. He was very glad indeed that his visit was associated with so pleasant an occasion as that of their Sunday and day school annual feast. He should like them always to have happy thoughts in connexion with himm, and therefore he was glad his visit was associated with that pleasant gathering. He was also glad that his visit was associated with their Sunday school. Sunday-schools were already important and will come to be of greater importance still. Canon Tyrrell had mentioned that the beautiful address just presented had been the work of one of the boys in St. Peter's day school. He wished those who are responsible for the education of this country could see that work and they would form some idea of what could he done in a church day sohool. However, things did not seem to be very clear in the future for churoli day schools. It was a very great satisfaction to those who managed their church day school that their efforts had been rewarded in the past. With regard to the future, he did not think he could do better than quote the saying of an old Lancashire man-" When you cannot bring things to your mind, yon must bring your mind to the things." That saying might be applied to their church schools. And in bringing their mind to the things, it was very important that they should make the best use of all the agencies left for impressing a good spirit and a church tone upon the young people. He was glad to think therefore that the Sunday school would still remain. That was a gathering of teachers and scholars. He was sure the teachers were attached to the school and did good work. The presence of the soholars there that day showed that good work had been done. He would like to impress this upon the teachers, that as the church would come to depend more and more upon the work done in the Sunday schools,, it would be more and more necessary that the teachers should take pains with their lessons. (Hear, hear ) He had been a Sunday school teacher and a clergyman for many years ; he had given many lessons and had preachad many sermons. And he knew this, that if he had to give a Sunday school lesson next Sunday, he should prepare for it on Saturday, the only day available. He would not leave the lesson to what was called the inspiration of the moment but which was more properly the want of inspiration. They must put good material into their lessons, and to do that much prepare them well before hand. To the scholars he would say, value more and more your Sunday school ; there you may be able to learn lessons which will do you good all week through, all your lives through, and beyond this life also Blessings should follow from what you learn at school ; your parents should find you better at home for your attendance at Sunday Behool. Reverence for things holy was connected with Sunday school lessons. That reverence should be the habit of their minds, carried with them through life. They should look at holy things not to be afraid of them but to regard them with respect, and should try to carry out lessons of regard for holy things in their daily lives thoroughly and well. He thanked them again very heartily, and he thanked the penman who had adorned their beautiful address. The address had reminded him of the visits of the late Bishop. The Rev. Canon Tyrrell was a hard worker, and never seemed tired ; however, if he could help in the way suggested, he would readily do so. The Bishop then distributed the prizes and he and Mrs. Pearson took part in giving picture cards to the younger chil- dren who did not take prizes. By this time the sun was declin- ing, and soon after his Lordship and Mrs Pearson left. There was then a general move homewards made, the proceedings hav- ing been such throughout as to justify agreeable reminiscences. It may be mentioned that young Master Watts, whose pen- manship was so deservedly praised is a pupil of Mr. Swan, one of whose sons wrote and embellished the diocesan address to the Archdeacon, presented at Newcastle, as we related some time since. 