A Native Monarch.. ? What a melancholy rendering of an old joke has our artist given us here! Majesty stripped of its externals— a jest! Valerian, ex-Emperor of the Roman world clad in the purple, bending his captive neck to receive the insulting foot of his Persian con queror, as that monarch mounted to horse, presented a sorry spectacle. King Billy, inheritor of an empty title to a vast domain, an outcast among its invaders, supplies such another. Scion of a hopeless race, his lot is the most pitiful of all. Nature frowned upon his birth Not a little lower than the angels, but a little higher than the beasts, he came into existence. Not a glimmer of romance, not a gleam of sentiment softens the hearts of those who have seized upon his birthright. From first to last, from the day when Dampier, half buccaneer, half historian, saw the progenitors of King Billy, in the old days gone by, and places upon record his impressions that the Hodmandods of Africa were gentlemen in com parison to them, down to the moment -when the fallen chief with his court caught the observant eye of our artist as an object grotesque enough to merit por trayal, the destinies have been perpetually adverse. The Australian aboriginal has been an impossible creature alike to humanitarians and sentimentalists. The rugged unreliability and childish instability of his disposition have defied equally the missionary and the romancer. He has had no John 'Williams, no Bishop Selwyn. He has made an Australian Feniraore Cooper impossible. And now in his last extremity Providence has denied him an Elia. Charles 'Lamb might possibly have found food for his sensitive quasi-humourous reflections even in King Billy. He who could evolve delightful quaint ruminations from such a theme as roast pig would have perhaps discovered equal inspiration in King Billy — a topic not more unpromising; while the author of the mingled pathos and humour of ' The decay oi Beggars' might even have welcomed this out-at-elbows monarch for a feature for that thesis. It would be an insult to our reader's common sense to pretend that the fallen potentate before us preserves many of the outward attributes of monarchy. He is obvi ously not still ' every inch a king.' But some regal qualities and acces sories he still retains. One accessory he hits which grander prede cessors might have envied him. Adversity has not stripped him of his circle of attendants, nor chilled the warmth of their affection. His dog's unwavering fidelity reflects disgrace upon whole pages-full of the human sycophants in history. Ilis dark days are soothed by the minis trations of more or less lovely woman, who, with true feminine self -sub- jection, takes cheer fully what his majesty is graciously pleased to be unable to finish, from the bottom of the rum bottle, and dutifully sub mits to be banged with his waddy, when, Saul like, he feels the dark hour upon him. The regal disposition to an nex has not departed from the dusky prince, as the protruded head of a fowl, seized during the campaign of the day, and in defiance of some body's ' scientific fron tier,' cacklingly testi fies. King Billy, when he makes his appearance, is the Banquo of the Aus tralian tragedy. His as pect calls up none but self - reproachful and self - convicted sensa tions. The colonist is prompted to exclaim, with Macbeth — and in fact does so exclaim, in a different manner and different order of words — *' Down, damned spirit ; thou can'st not say 1 did it .'' Apologists have made it their busi ness, in ever-varying fashions, to explain away the national responsibilities in this matter of the aborigines. Their impracticability, their treachery, their disgusting uninterestingness, have all been cited in turn and harped upon ad nauseam, in justica tion of the pass to ?which they have been brought. But still the old process goes on uninterrupted. Though Banquo' s ghost pops up at our elbow we none the less keep our first, second, and third mur derers up to their work in hunting after Fleance. Our virtue in this matter waits deferentially upon our convenience, and the herror which we profess at the massacres — euphemistically termed ' dispersions ' ' — of the still existing tribes, bears accurate proportion to our propinquity to or remoteness from settled centres where native outrages, and their some times 'wanton murders of isolated and unsus pecting wanderers, cannot by any possibility affect ourselves. 'What the voice of the smug tit eomdemus, the opinion of the exposed pioneers equally justifies. Bucolicus, who owes his present prosperity in no small degree to the deter mined promptitude with which, when a struggling occupant of a newly reclaimed tract, he ' cleared his run of niggers,' nowshowsthe whites of his eyesashe sips his sherry in the club, whenever the degradation and approximate extinction of the aborigines is men tioned. To the inhabitants of the cities, and of the long-settled districts, the expression of sentimental abhorrence against harsh measures comes easy, because it is but a sentiment, and costs nothing to hold. But the repentance of the community may be best measured by the quality of the reparation it exerts itself to make. It' has destroyed this people out of the land, and has waxed fat upon the profitSs from the ravished territory. Now it is conscience stricken, and it annually does penance, like King Henry at the tomb of a'Beckett, and in token of the depth and sincerity of shame and humilia tion it yearly presents the miserable survivors of its cruelty and rapacity with a shoddy blanket to each .' Oh yes, the community as a whole has repented deeply, and marks its repentance by thus mnVinp restitution. ., 7^ere are, however, unhappily, exceptions even to this generous and noble rule.' We have to admit with some degree of annoyance that there exist indi viduals so much worse than the average to which we nave the honour of belonging, as to swindle the reci pients out of these our restitutive blankets, and to renew the griefs of our victims by tempting them to illicit arid disadvantageous bargains by the proffer of rum. King Billy, and all the Royal family had unluckily a penchant for strong waters,' and a regal aptitude for getting drunk, which would have shed a lustre upon Charles Edward Stuart in his latter, or George the fourth Guelph in his earlier days. The mythical, or at least traditional ' Missa Mackenzie,' who relieved himself of all trouble from the natives by the simple and comprehensive expedient of mixing up an effective proportion of arsenic with sundry bags of flour, and presenting the compound to the tribes who obstructed his pastoral operations as materials for a square meal, has not of late years had imitators. But Mr. F. Soak, publican, whose licensed sign appears in our engrav ing, has gracefully succeeded to the blushing honours of the evanished Mackenzie with decided advantage. Mr. Soak approaches his appointed mission in a much better spirit than it is at all probable the traditional Mackenzie did, and with a very much worse spirit than the latter personage who is believed to have flourished before the science of adulteration had approached its present development, had formed any conception of. The worthy Soak bears King Billy and his congeners no special animosity. Simply he wants the royal blanket, and while he would hesitate to avail himself of arsenic as an engine for transferring property in blankets — the question not being one of a run, as it was in the Mackenzie episode— he employs rum as a convenient instrument to that end. It is perhaps to be regretted that the useful properties of rum did not suggest themselves to Mackenzie — whoever he was — as society would have been saved a scandal to which its nerves are not oroperly braced. We are used to contemplate the efficiency of rum, in all stages of its operation, and in fact, so SKETCHES IN SYDNEY: A NATIVE MONARCH. habituated have we become, and bo dulled our sensibilities to the gradual though sure working of the potion, that we formally license persons — of ascertained good character — to administer it. Mr. Soak is a certified angel of this description, and as he is greedyfor blankets, and King Billyis even more greedy for rum, he effects a highly profitable barter, while the coloured potentate is made happy for an hour or two, and indulges during that temporary exaltation in the pure delight of battering in his almost equally elated consort's skull. Under ordinary circumstance the divinity that doth hedge a king, or the thickness of the queenly diadem — alias crown — prevents a fatal issue to such exploits. Now and again, however, the queen dies, and a Christian people arouse in their virtue, and decide that their principles make it incumbent upon them to hang the regal regicide. But in either event one thing is unaltered: Mr. Soak retains the blanket. 