The Advertiser THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 1880. We have received from a resident at the Bugle Ranges a letter informing us that pleuro-pneumonia has undoubtedly broken out in that quarter; that the inspector of stock has examined the diseased animals, and ordered cattle to be inoculated; that "travelling mobs from the South-East and the neighboring colonies have brought this pest" into the district: and that as most of the land is in pasture the farmers are very anxious. Our correspondent considers that the law with reference to diseases in stock needs alteration, as no claim for cattle slaughtered at the instance of the inspector can be successfully made, there being no compensation provided in such cases by any Act of Parliament bearing on the subject. He further observes that it seems as if infected beasts may travel without let or hindrance, to the injury of persons possessing healthy stock; and that a proprietor of a diseased beast may forbid its slaughter, so that on the whole the owners of cattle " are in a nice muddle." Our correspondent is fully justified in believing that the laws and regulations on this subject are not well arranged or perfectly adapted to the pur- poses they are intended to effect. The whole question of the treatment of diseased stock is dealt with in six separate Acts, namely—the three Scab Acts of 1859, 1863, and 1867, the Cattle Importation Act of 1861, and the Health Act of 1873. The Quarantine Act of 1877 relates solely to human beings, and the Scab Acts above mentioned refer to sheep alone. The original Scab Act was one of the most useful and absolutely successful.measures ever passed by our Legislature, and the subsequent statutes upon the same subject were simply intended to carry out its object more effectively and accomplish some im- provements in matters of detail. The increase in the value of pastoral property in consequence of this legislation has been incalculable, and it is equally gratifying and wonderful that throughout all this continent, except in Western Australia, there is not a single sheep infected with a disease that at one time wrought such havoc among the flocks of all these colonies. What would be the consequence if the disorder should break out now that shepherding is generally abo- lished, and the sheep roam about at large, and could not with certainty be all mustered on each run if required, is a serious ques- tion that it would be difficult to answer, but meanwhile we may be thankful that the disease has no existence in Australia except in one province, whose flocks cannot at pre- sent reach the eastern boundary which divides it from the other colonies. Unfortunately we have not been so suc- cessful in guarding against the spread of diseases in cattle. The foot-and-mouth disease swept off great numbers in Vic- toria, and very heavy losses have been sustained from pleuro-pueumonia. Our stockowners have suffered heavily at various times for years past from this cause, and during the last few months their anxiety has been constant. The disease has made its appearance in various quarters far apart, and it is known that infected herds have been allowed to travel for hundreds of miles through our terri- tory, spreading the contagion on their way. Northward, eastward, and on Yorke's Peninsula, the malady has appeared; and either the efforts of the proper autho- rities to check the progress of this plague have been extremely lax, or the law is utterly insufficient to enable them to grapple with the evil promptly and effec- tually. Act No. 12 of 1861 gives the Governor power to prohibit by procla- mation the importation of any horned cattle, including in that term large horned beasts, sheep, or horses, from any place; and during the period of such proclamation being in force " any cattle infected with any contagious disease" may "be shot or otherwise destroyed by any constable, Crown lands ranger, or other person duly authorised by the Commissioner of Crown Lands." So states the second clause of the Act, and it will be observed that the right of destruction does not apply simply to cattle imported from the forbidden countries, or to all imported beasts, but to any diseased cattle whatever in any part of the colony, as long as the proclamation lias vitality. In order then to give the most complete power to duly authorised persons to destroy diseased cattle in any part of South Australia all that is necessary is for the Governor to issue a proclamation forbidding the introduction of such animals, either from the United Kingdom, Siberia, or any other place beyond the seas, and keep the procla- mation unrevoked. Whether this was the intention of the framers of the Act we are not prepared to say, but such is its effect. In dealing with diseased cattle the in- spectors are not guided by the Cattle Im- portation Act, but by the regulations issued upon the authority of the 43rd clause of the Health Act, No. 22 of 1873. These regula- tions prescribe the precautions to be taken with respect to live stock ar- riving by vessel from beyond the limits of the colony. The quarantine arrangements at Torrens Island are so perfect that there is hardly a chance of any beasts shipped from abroad introducing a contagious disease into our flocks or herds; but with regard to overland importations of large cattle the case is very different, and at any time our stockowners are liable to have their herds decimated by pleuro-pneumonia, introduced from beyond our eastern or northern boundary. Any inspector may de- stroy cattle arriving from the other colonies if suffering from contagious disease, but there is no power to treat a whole herd as infected on account of disease appearing in one of its number. In the Scab Act it is expressly enacted that the exis- tence of scab on any sheep shall be evi- dence that the whole flock to which it belongs is infected, and the same rule should be applied to cattle. How absurd to kill a beast because it has pleoro-pneu- monia, and then allow its companions, with the germs of the disease in their systems, to carry the infection perhaps from the River Glenelg to the western coast. Then the regulations give no authority to establish quarantine grounds for cattle. The whole of the South-Eastern District is so utilised, but that is only with respect to animals that have been brought into it, and it is rather hard upon the graziers in that large tract of country bounded by the eastern border, the Murray, and the sea, that their territory should all be treated as unclean ground, and that their herds should have little or no protection against the introduction of the most deadly visitation from the eastern colonies. Out of Albert and Victoria the inspectors have no power to pro- claim a quarantine ground for cattle; they can only kill imported animals that are evidently diseased, and have no legal control over the rest of the herd to which they belong. We understand, too, that the law officers of the Crown have ex- pressed their opinion that neither the 43rd clause of the Health Act nor the regulations give power to kill any other than imported cattle, so that when once the native herds are affected the plague may be spread un- checked. Innoculation is not made com- pulsory, though it has been demonstrated in other colonies by a mass of evidence that this operation is an almost certain preven- tative of the malady, or at any rate reduces the risk of contagion to the barest chance. In fact the regulations are utterly inadequate to prevent the spread in all directions of the most destructive diseases among the herds of the colony; and considering how imminent and unmistak- able the danger and how great the evil impending over cattle owners and the colony at large, the sooner these grave defects are remedied the better. Lord Beacoxsfirld's challenge has been promptly accepted by the leader of the Opposition. Lord H&rtirgton;'s defiant rejoinder traverses the cats which the Go -1 vemment have submitted to the country. Issue is accordingly joined, and the elec tioneering campaign entered on with a vehemence and spirit unusual in our day. The old fierce mode of party warfare is ap parently revived. No quartet will ba tought or given on either aide. The com batants are not only eager for the fray, as their speeches for months past testify, they •re also determined that the forthcoming election shall decide the policy of England for many years to come. Primarily, how ever, the contest it one for place simply. The main object avowed hy the Liberals is to torn out the Ministt/. What they will do should they succeed in this sod again i occupy the Treasury benches most be taken largely on trust. What they mean to do now.is to dislodge the Conservatives, and prepare the way for a problematical sequel. Hence there is « predominating personal element in the struggle which the trumpet tone 3 of the rival manifestoes will still further arouse. Supplement "st deliverances have likewise been made to their constituents by Sir Stafford North cote and Mr. Gladstone. The tatter's ex haustive review of the Government's alleged mfEtleedg could of course contain nothing novel, for none of their hostile critics has bo persistently gone over the field on which the literal cns-npions hopes to see his opponents fall. Sir Stafford Korthcote'fi letter reiterates the conten tions advanced by Lord Beacona&eld;, but adds, obviously in refutation of the Home j Rule manifesto, that the foreignpolicyof the Government is in no sense responsible ' for commercial depression, nor for the dis tress which unhappily prevails in the United Kingdom. Regarding the cost in curred in waging wars in Africa and A sia, as well a6 in preventing the outbreak of another war in Europe, the Chancellor of the Exchequer asserts that "in place of the burdens of the taxpayer being greatly increased, as was alleged wou'd be the case, it would be found when he made his financial statement that the taxation during the coming year would be lighter than in the preceding one." Sow far his Budget bears this out we cannot as yet e%y precisely. So far as we can see at present bis annual statement is not only dashed with regret over an unavoidable deficit but is also full of hope, besides confirming the impression that no freed taxation would be imposed. For this ratepayers who do not as a rule closely enmme the intricacies of finance will doubtless be duly thankful. Bat it U to Lord Hartingtou's declara tion that the most importance must be attached. In the absence of particulars one cannot venture to gay what length he goes in proposing an alterative to the foreign policy he condemrs, although it may be assumed that he has not laid down any definite lines ruining counter to that policy as those to be followed by the Liberals in the event of being restored to office. Of course Lord liartington, as well as Lord Beaconsfield, may very properly insist on the right to affirm that his party would maintain the integrity of the Empire. Such vague ness is at least safe. When, however, he adde that a Liberal Government would "avoid disgusting the public mind by striving for the needless annexation of territory," he may be understood to arraign alike the Cyprian, "the South African, and the Afghan policy of the Blinistry. His lordship further contends tbit their foreign policy has bean not merely dis astrous but has been frustrated, sotnattiie Government has been both impotent and criminally culpable. For the purely domestic policy the Liberals would pursue he may justly take credit by anticipation, unless indeed more is meant than meets the ear in the reference to the granting of autonomous goveuinent. Little stres3 need be laid on Lord Hartington's eulogistic mention of the colonies, for it is highly significant that of late the.- 3 have become the peculiarly ostentatious care of both parties. Of mote concern is his attitude towards the Home Rule question, and his opponents nay be pardoned for suspect ing that it is ambiguous rather than clearly defined, notwithstanding Ms avowed antagonism to the Irish scheme of dis integration. Ha in fact givea the Horns > Balers a somewhat approving side-look ' when he intimates that he joins with them in denouncing Lord?eaconafield'simtatinic manifesto. This may be a very small crumb of comfort to them, and yet qui'e sufficient to propitiate their hazardous sup port. Besides, Lord Hartington has ex pressed Ms willingness to concede to them the privilege of having private BiUs-con sideredand-other matters also attended to in Ireland, asd-even -this partial yielding to Home Rule temptation has encouraged Nationalist expectations. It is notorious, too, that one of Lord Ramsay's leading | supporters repudiated his lordship's candi | riature for Liverpool because he bad givAn | way on the test point of Home Bole. la deed there was no doubt about the matter, for the Home Rule executive thereupon called on the Irish electors to vote for Lord Bamsay on this ground. While such dubious sig?? are visible it would be acceptable to all true and loyal Liberals were Lord Hartbgton's disclaimer of sympathy with Home Rule couched in lees qualified terms. As has been remarked, submissions like that of Lord Bamsay will have a powerful effect upon a large body of non-partisan liberal opinion, and it behoves the chiefs of the Opposition to weigh carefully the risks they would incur in pursuit of the probably doubtful and certainly dangerous aid of the irreconcilable Irish party. There is room, however, to hope that while the Conservatives have utterly dis" carded Home Bute blandishments the re sponsible heads of the Liberal party will discountenance any understanding with the disturbers of unity in Irekid. It is evident that domestic questions are not in such desperate cise as to call for precipitate and exclusive treatment. There are undoubtedly some matters demanding urgent consideration, and these can be seasonably attended to ; while others of a Ic3s pressing nature ara taken in due course. Anyhow, at this juncture it is undeniable that all other sub jects are subsidiary — nvirj perhaps ] finance —to two absorbing questions—unity '. of the empire at home and care for the safety of the empire abroad. -These, as Lord Sandon has pointed out," are the two points which the constituencies must settle —they must aay aye or vtfr whether they will or will not allow Ireland to have a : separate Parliament, and whether they will or will not allow Russia to interfere with the safety of England's groat dominions abroad." It is on this latter issue that the trial of strength will mainly turn. In denying the charge that they have injured the best interests of the country the Con ceirative Government avouch that they have on the contrary sustained and pro tected them. They maintain that England is not merely an JTso'ar Power, and that she is more able to keep the European "concert" (on which Mr. Gladstone so ' frequently harps) than if the pre j sent policy were reveried, or the I Premier had to Bay apologetically as Mr, Gladstone said, when accused of surrender, ing the Black Sea clauses of the' Treaty of ! Fans—" What could we do ? We found all the nations of Europe turned their backs upon us." This was in sooth a situation in no wise unaccountable, remembering that Mr. Gladstone and his colleagues permitted the abrogation of &e; clauses just referred to in violation «f treaty obligations, and remembering too ibatU>. Gladstone's view of England's position in the world is bounded by the *' silver streak." A u meddling and muddling" policy bad lowered England in the eyes of Europe, and it was not sur prising that the knowledge of this had helped to isolate net. Even a distinctly non-intervention policy is qualified by con ditions which must occasionally overmaster it. When events in the East compelled the anxious attention of English statesmen it was needful to abandon a policy which pre vented the proper ascendancy of Great Britain in the councils of Europe. Again, in relation to the war with Afghanistan it has been retorted on behalf of the Govwrcnent that the war was "occasioned by cu un pardonable insult offered to the embassy of the Empress of India, by a sovereign who had pledged himself to be the friend of her friends and the enemy of her enemies. Misled by our vacillating and inactive policy in 1873, Shere All lent an ear to the crafty proposals of the energetic Power which pursued its unswerving course of conquest in Central Asia, and in 1878, while repulsing the advances of England, he received a Russian embassy in Cabul. Such an insult accompanied by so open a violation of treaty engagements could not be passed over, and it was felt that the rela tions existing between India and Afghan istan required to be completely rectified. But the whole course of our conduct towards the latter rition has been marked by a clemency, of which even in view of the recent deplorable occurrences we do not repent. .... It ii perhaps no won der that a people at once i •■eacherovs and infatuated should have mistaken our modera tion for weakness, but it is incredible that any fair-minded TSngJiahmai; should mistake it for aggi-ession." Of the Zulu, war it is not necessary to say much. All's well that ends well, and for the final triumphs which sealed the varied fortunes of the campaign the Government may b? allowed whatever credit they brought. The record of the Beaconsfield Ministry may not be, is not indeed, unstained, yet it is pre posterous to accuse them of acting other than as men jealous of the honor and wel fare of the country. Even Sir William. Harcourt, before his days of comic political- Zadkielism, admitted in 1873 that Mr. Disraeli " always treated the great issues of peace and war in a spirit of lofty patriotism, which rose superior to the passions of party." That merited eulogium might ba repeated now were it not a party necessity to get rid of an Administration fortunately animated by that spitit. Leaving out of question for the present the specific grounds on which the Govern ment base their appeal to the country in eo> far as their foreign policy is concerned, it may fairly be believed that impartial observers cannot avoid being struck by the contrast presented between the considerate attitude of the Conservative Opposition during the Cilmeau wax and that of the Liberal Opposition during the late crifcis. On the former occasion it was eemed unpatriotic and imprudent to oai fornsa jHiftflftvernnieiit at "a" lime of diffi <solty and peril,'^t no ain^^<?nkdorat>-; ness to restrained'M*. GHadatoney 4* Oolonei : l4oja tai^^f^e^j^BJt - *• He bagjbeen.restrained b/iw sense of. ref spondbflityand by no feeling of patrjotr'na," jet had. HhV Government of Which Mr. GladafcHiV was * arominent member in 1853 done the Tety tiiinga which hecon- tffwotvi^"^ tat doing their wise nrecaatian might have av?rted a terrible calamity. : Aa it was theywwe nearly iln peachod lor not calling bat the Militia Reserve, and they were emphatically con demned bj the judgment of the committee appointed to enquire Into the conduct of the war. A few sentences of the report laid before Parliament will show this:— *' It appears that tbe sufferings of the army xesultedfrom the circomstance?in which the expedition to the Crimea was undertaken, and executed. The Administmtion which ordered that expedition had no "'adequate information as to the amount of force in the Crimea or SebastopoL They were not ac quainted with the strength bTiihe. fort resses to be attacked orwiththaretouice! of the cop^try to be invaded l *;' • < • "What was ftaaoea: and undertolren without «ufficjent inferaiation was-' otJndnbted witiH«$ c"^ifeaent care <ar farethoaght. 'This conduct on tha part of the Adniuu? tralionTras the first and chief cause of the -calamities which bafel our army.", It is p*erft -.rty jostifiable to institute comparisons -between the Crimean war into which the AberdeenUlnistry confessedly "drifted/ and the*steps ndopted by Lord^Beaoonfl field to prevent a recurrence of hostilities' Under almost identical circumstances h;« £mmes? precladed a war which weakness 4md vaeaiaiion akin to thai betrayed in 1854 would: certainly have brought About. It pa tie just boast of the Qorercnent that to:4h?m,as^Brope.ungrnagbigly ad ir;t?, belongs the credit of mainta'iin; peace w&Q; the dogs of war were straining leash, and the probab^ity is that tha country, which thei sanctioned their policy wfll not hastily condemn it. The 3LM& Siam arrived at Albjtay «hortbraft?rl <taU& ad Wednesday morning, -and MiUriwmfn at 8 p'doek for Adwlaidft The ciUb t6 tiw Oape oT Good Hope is now provmg of advantage to ue. Measra. StUlinu & Ob. ttwiwdraj information tw theTa! SoraU fronrLondo. lefttheOapefor Adelaide on the ISthinstant, «ad that m u Ohimborasoleftonihe 14th. ItoWhrnwl aailedfrolnfciymouthontheieth of February, lndthei£rmJcn the 21st. BotfaveaseUbelong totheOfientiine. The Garonne had a fine paaasse round afaorfy afiw ,«?3o on WV latsday. BB? J •mctered m-a capital (tuition, and wiil take in * ttousad bJes.of wool before sailing, la. ten£ing,pur--eugen are ext =t=d ts go down by the 3L4s.train tniiaftemc>n,auclr >ie*tr--ue? \--will le&veabot; tiy after midnisht. Does Mr. Ward intend to resign hia seat -forGanraacha? "We nndetstand that Mr. W. Sfaumaoi6 making friends with the elector* in onW to'secure toe seat should Mr. Ward resign. Mr. S. Davenport, who has been acting as Comnris?iooer Cor South Australia at the' Sydney Exhibition, relumed to AdwlaMn by the staaaaar South Australian bam Melbourne on Wednesday morningl. ':' The "Min?tAT of' TVlncytifflh Las decayed not to clbeV the Tbabarton publie eohool as recanmpnrUa by the Board of Health. He oonsiden'tfcatlt woald.be unfair to slow * *chooi wife nearly ,300 on the coll because aeren of theefafldrenar? safiering icon aoadet term. The OJt3 Stfingrof the Supreme Conrt were eontitM?a I■'?'1 ■'?' Wednesday, hefore Hia fionor *ttS OWef Josfice. In TJaborne V.the Comme?sal Sank of Sooth Amhr.ilja, a rerdiot lor ?dStC3 . damago* wmi ratumed for tiie for the wronijHl. dis- Jiaaori?K ~*> cacjne. 'Xn tiie Commercial Vankof Swdt Anstrada v.TTako, an action to ■eeover £149 17s. «d. on a WU of e^hM^e amiw4*Hi by the **i«*"*, a Tesdict was re tomed for the Plaintiffs aubjeet to s«rerallaw aoinfti wlSai; Trtte iessrred. In diis ease a batta of Ico|?UeTmlde importance to Oecom mereial wrtswiiillj was involved, vis, Os power tbiefi tai to *priy « bill *** «nbakge deposited for a «edfie odJ«* to aooQier use alter that -object b>V cdied ta'iaknt. Tha detendaat accepted a- bSI drawn % hh toother for £111 whieh wmrdeporitil specifically Bjailhifr'an ■overdraft db?-general aeeomt wt tfae'Gawler toanch ba?*. Oie dverdrattwas p^SdxlHltfiie bsnkapplM the lffl towards Itooayinent # a .di?honorciiliU of fee defendanf? brother ais «oo?ted a^fte Adelaide tenon of tfce oaak. An appeal case, which lrffl be intereetinp t-ipublira— and the gwaral goMie. m hearo at the Looal Ooort, AdsCaHe, om Wednesday, Jlar6hl7.- «*e appeal was against a •oariotion <made by Mr. Beddoma, EJt, against Mary Fearee, a poUiean of Horwod, for Mllin; «dnlteiated hrandy.. JCr. Wi£ej appeared for the appeUanVand *he <teown donettoc (JJoo. B. B. An*Bwa,QjO.Xa«teifortfi«flon«Bwat. The evidence, abowrl tint th« appellant had Durchaied-the bcaady from atom. Milne aid Bon, and afterwards aoU some of it. This -ob being analysed was found to eoo sain fosel oS, which wa* aaid to be ■fyp.H. of nodoei?g both dnmksoness andnadneM. The appeUanf • ewe wat that it bad not been proved, by the proseention that she bad adulterated the spirit or that ahe bad any <. knowledge .ibat it was adul terated. The o«n^ Solicitor oontended that tee appellaot as a pnhH?aw onzht to bars a thorough knowledge of her business; and ttut aa tbe spirit was under her charge or that of her batman alter it was received from the 'Spirit merchant, the most have known whether it had been adulterated. Such a ease waa vary important to tbe public, for if spirits that wer adulterated with sufficiently deleterious matt) to produce ffi«^«— were allowed to be sold H -would affect the whole social arrangameats of theeolony. The SJL, in giving jadgment. said he quite concurred with the learned Orown Solicitor aa to the iaaportanoe of each a «ase, and he was sorry that he bad to «aaah the eoonetioa. It m *rident that the lefcTslainre meant that the pro eecution abonld prove that theneaonaeUiio* had a gnOJy knowledge of the liquor Jwm' adutteratedTHad tte Mem ifflMhrati callnct to show that when the liquor left their store it was in perfect order, then he flhefiJl.) would sot haw liked to have interfered with the learned polfce?nagisbeate'a decision. Asitwai Mr. Milne bad not bean called, and be thought the proaecmion had failed to show that the ap peSant had a guilty knowledge of the liquor frying adulterated; be therefore oaashel the «onviotion. Mr. J. J. Laffan, secretary of the Mont gomery testimo?ial eommittee, has been pro mised donations of £5 Ss. each from the Mayor of Adelaide and Mr. W. X. Simms, M^. Mr. Harrison Ord, an English evangelist, preached to a large and an attentive audience at White's Assembly Boom on Wednesday even ing, March 17. Private J. B. Mann, of the Civil Service Rifle Company, who has been treasurer of die council of the National Eiffle Association einoe ite establishment, baa beenanpoiated paymaster ?rul of Out aasodatio?. The following is the rainfall between the hour of ?ajn. on Tuesday and the same boor «n Wednesdays- Port Darwin ... 1-138 1 Pine Oreek ... 0460 Southport ... 0800 Meningie Yam (keek ... (HMO j Kanaeoorte — PD6O An unusually large number of locomo tives have been landed during the past few days. The Bodney discharged four, each of about nine tons weight. For the Olenelg Bail way the Oomentes^ia* diaeharged thrc a engines, each of 8$ tons weight, and the work has been done by the Stevedoring Company with their own gear in less time thanever sock machinery has been taken out. The half-yearly meetings of the S. A* Baptist Association were held at the Mitibam Baptist Ohnrch on Wednesday. In the morning prayeriaeeti?ga were held, and is the afternoon i committee and business aeetings took place, j "Tea and public meetings were held in tiie even- ; 1 iftg ;AH the gatherings ware wall attended, a^Wtiusmm meetings «•?*• prisMed over' ■ kyaeWr.fl.MMfl, chairman «t 1£? mow- ( Won for she cuuent year. \; ( ' '__ ' We have leauy?dlrom joe Rev. f . 'Hall. Anguaaoopy of fne Oalenflar of the Union Ool lege for the current year. It contains the rules. faTthejgovarnmeatof OoHflge, fe*B reports tor the part jew .of, tiiewjessprs and preprint «f the papers use* at,*>a late examinatians.and in lact every information wfaiab an intaadlag student at tim College can require. .. , TheiwrmbatofMrtfr-aiid drtHw regiaterci in ibe General SegUr*OffioediMag the week ended March IS, were:-4ar«hs-«8 bhilm, «l females; deatht-34 Bnk% 34 femafej; total— 138 births, 48 tteaths. Hxcen of births, «L -The numbers urtbe distrtet of Adelaide were r— Births—3smales, U females; deaths—B mala, 9 females; total—47 baths, 17 deaths. Bseess ?r births,*). The. tFbrfte'a Peninsula Advertiser under stand! that tiie Bar. J. Kuhn, who hs j for.eotr > jears Ijsd the'oversight of the Point Pier, e- Mission Station, his resigned, and that Mr. Button, of fait MopnK, hri been appointed t > ■ luVsucoassor, From Mr. Sattra's knotrledge of theHnd of .work repaired on the station, Mtd his experience of the native] and their habits, /we have no ,doubt lie will prove a, :OUv3e3sf ul ■£■•*■■*•.'■. ■ V •■ ■ . \- The,following is Wednesday's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Tele graph lane:—Beltan*,N^, dew, fine; Farina, NjL,olear, fine, pleasant; Strangways Springs, N£, clear,-fine; Peeke, K, dear, fine, cool; Charlotte Water*, SJB, clear, fine; Alice Springs,'B.B.,clf~x,ntie; Barrow Ot«Sk, B.V clear, floe; TennantGreek, calm,clear, fine; Powell Creek, ealm, dear, 4b?: Dar/ Waters, B£, clear, fine, warm ; Elver Katharine, calm, -dear,fine,hot; Pine Oreek, cafan,clear, fine; Tarn Creek, calm, dear fine; Southport, SJB, cloudy ;Port Darwin, N.W., cloudy, doll, dote. A public meeting was held at the Lower Light Hotel on Sneaky evening, tterch 16, to take into oonwideratinn the proper ait* lor the eree^*rf-a school in tbe district, akwbieh Mr. Wylie presided. Mr.M. Dam xeoved-<*That tiie township of Lower lash* isthe proper place toare4a\puUie£9hoaL" -Mr. Ccsparseoonded, and.tbe motion was carried unanimously. He Banm then moved—("That the memberi for tbe district be asked to introduce a deputation to the Minister of Education, ooniiirting of Mestrs. Davis, Paterson, Wjhe, and Tootell, to bring til* matte before him." Mr. Cooper seconded, and the proposition was emeriti A golden 'wedding recently celebrated in this colony was referred to a abort time since in our columns. An^tfiflf incident af the same kind haa been brought under oar notice by a correspondent. Mr. and Mrs. O. Head axrm 1 in the colony in Deeember, IKB. by theahlp Duchess of Northumberland, bringing their four children wfth ****« One of fo*-"** at ffi**1 tipia haby in it now a standinottier. Mr. Head bow has mx childi?n, tfairty-fevea jmnflflin^tyTWfi^ Bsd three jrrat jra*i^w"'Mr^fj all lining in the oofioy. . 13ie golden wedding of the old couple was aelebratedonthe 13th of October, 18TS, botii then being aeventy-«i years of age. They are still living,and are said to be hearty and welL A. public aeeting mi held in Coalmsrs Oburch. ffertfa.twie'jG, on Wednesday evuning, M celebrate the «enteeary of the bi-th of the lato Dr. Ohalmen. There waa only a moderate attendanoe. Xhe ebalr waa eaeopied *y *be Bev. J. H. Aagos, and Me proMeding* consisted of a, series of addrrfu bearing upon the life of Dr. Ohalmars and his work as a preanher. The centenary was made tha oeccaloa of ai endejkvor'to dear off the debt on the Presbjtety fond. Daring the «raiim the avoad at parent existing for mote Frfttbytocias Ohorahej, <-tp< dally in the Korlh, was refetred to, and it.was complained that the work of the body is not being poshed forward with the energy which ought to be shown by thate who are cwnnVictari with it. At Mr. WUli&ms;'s establishment, in Kin* William-street, is to be sea another of Mr. C. H~ Strotbert oil paintings. Mr.Strotner. whose instruction has been entirety tolonial f :bat who poweera ? ferae artntia «pieit sad-no inoon* , pMr*"* degree of manipulative skill, fcasv dwxnfor the subject of his latest painting a < little bit of pictuesqne aooaery just above Kensington. Unlikesome to«agifted amarsnrs, Mr, Btrothar deea not attempt large awl pretan tapnsiandsnape aouawy, bet acUcta a. choice bit of woodland.etndieswle anbje?tshocooghiy,«n<i tbterx works it ontcva onorc la the presant in stance there is simply a little water, a grand Australian gum-tree, aDdatooapleof ton is the tocegroand, a deeUaamg ana bathing the whole in that soft mellow light <wnieh besMti fies even unlovely obJ?eta, bat tha smote earn* go?tioaisnost artiwtjnand tctt sstiartivii. < Amiiveriaiy Bervke* Incoopectabo witib tte' rferoajihore Wedeyaa Bunday-sohoil were ' .^r^r^ at tiwehsrea on Sunday* March 14, when the *ev. 0. line nreachedin the mornicg. and«lie?ev.A.Btubbsintiie«v«aing. Oatbe fotioWmgTas^ytbeasaalaehoolfastiiralaod public TMMTtinir took place! At the ousiaass rntXing, which was well attended, the JB*v. 0. Lanepcesidea. 73ie'annnalreport for the past year showed the number jot acholacs fcp he about the same ks at tiie end of the pravioiis year, vi^OTb^sandMgjat?ieteacharsnumberpd *izteen,etght6frMbaec. The«rs'^gei«e?d- < anee <A teachers had JM*n fonrtaan, and of seboUrs 1% Which was^oonsidsred wary fate. Mtrtirt 7 y^Mi^* -r** Htr ifc~' ■ ' Buperinteodent W aaeraasnjracpeatMeiy, m j^aceof Messrs. Bbbcnej and Purvis resigned. Oaring the arenlng afldrewei were deUteced by thefieV J. B. Angus, K.K*ilj, aadJ.Piise. We have had an opportunity of inspect ing tfeepians of abaQamg now betng tnctoi torHr. L.B. Gordon, at the comer of Grate street and Tiekiria- square. Ths buflding has a frontage of TO feet to Vletpzis-siiaace, by a deptiTW 200 feet to Grpte^tteet^a the ground moor Eaoaigthesquace there will be tvra rommodions shops and a huge auetioa-rpom, i8 feet xBB feet. Behind tola room there ii tooe a store,SBfestzSBfeet OntheGrote^treetaide titere w?lbe nine roomy ofilees, and the usoal places of conTwrieoce are amply provided for. fheeeUkigaareto we 13 feet in height. Tht npperfloor -wfll oontain deven ofitces,a large auembly robin, 58 feet bj 29 feet and U feec high,aadapubUenom39Ceet by 29 feet. It is thought that these rooms wQI come into cue -for purposes of entertainments, social gather ings, and public meetins?. Throughout the building the nutter of ventSatirm has tzao. well attended to, and will be provided for by means of air-bricks and tubes leading to the root. It is absolutely necessary in this warm elinuto that ventilation in buildings should, bs one of the chief considerations, and it is satisfactory to note the recognition of that fact Jn this butane* on the part of the architect, Mr. Thos. Krans, j uo. The building ia to be constructed of brick, the elevations being *"V*?«fl in stucco, with cement dressings around the windows and doors. Toe style of the arehHeotnre is that usually called street architecture, and when completed the building will, judging from the_plsi?, present an extremely neat appearance. Tte estimated cost of the work is £4,000. It is only necessary in order to aacer tam the progress of the colony to glance aroand tiwcrtyandseethennnieionsbirUoUagsnowbeing ecected.and to observe the very sapid growth pf the suburbs. In all directions marks of im uovament are making themselves manifest. It "has for a long time been fdt in Unley, owing to tbe eztension of the municipality, that the present place of worship in which the members of the Vcslaj an denomioa tjon. meet is not adequate to the require ments of the township, and at last it has been definitely decided to proceed with the erection of a new church as speedily ai possible. At a vestry meeting held recently two plans were submitted by Mr. Thos. Evans, jua, both of which met with approval, but the one m the Gothic style of architecture was accepted. Xhe plans give 40 feet in the clear by 50 feet on the ground floor, but pmyiciou has been made foe future extension which will give 78 feet x 40. The walls will be two feet thick. As ia usoal in most modem churches, there is to be a slope inside from the front to the back of two feet. There are to be two pinnacles and a turret in the front of the church. The ceiling will be 24 feet high in the front, and 28 feet : high at the back. Ventilation has been ade quately provided for, there being three centre ventilatoro with sine tube: branching off into the dormers in the roof; ventilated) are provided in the windows and in the cornice around the ceiling. The walls are to be constructed of Glen Osmond or Mit^l™l atone, with dressings of red and white brick. There will be but treasee of brisk and stone to relieve the walls. Behind the platform, which is to be raised inches, there is to be an arch, ft is SSnatea that the buflding will take sir. months .to ereet, and when completed it wiU have a neat as well as substantial appearance. | "Adiecnsaon has lately arisen in the Hew York jouwate," observes cfa« fcmdon Duly Tdegrafh of January 14,« respeclang the future of Canada. From the time when tile Dominion (srablished a new Hriff for its imports the *t ' tention of A""^""1" has been very considerably ~ drawn to the question whether sooner or later ti?ossmtry p«r which tiie Queen j^aroa Hie western iffirajtrw?tf??%y T*"fr became an integMi - part of wa^uoUc;,^s length fcW woold Appear to have obtained' tiie opinions of a •nomber of through, tiie meninm of Mr. Laranger. brother of tiie Attomey-Oeneral of "the pro?ihC3 of Quebes. 'Srom these politicians the JJew York psople infer tiiat oh commercial'grounds alone the Canadians would greatly desire to join tiie Union,! but that tiie sentiment of loyally to the personality of Che Grown refcus as strong as ever throughout the whole Dominion. Accord fng to mformation which may be mom mt?liottly relied upon than that obtained in New York, this U not quite a fair statement of the situation, that the people both of English and French extraction are lojnl, no one whojregards for ampment the demonstra tion which took place when the Princess Louise landed at Halifax can for a moment doubt. But that they are attached to the United States on tbe ground of commercial interests is a propo sition which would be disputed by any one who knows the country. Canada and the States are natural rivals. The great corn-growing dis tricts of Ontario and Manitoba will bring wealth to the Dominion when the United States oocn produotog: countries of the West are ceasing to be able to supply more' than the' population at borne. In a hundred ways that could be men tioned Oanada will prosper better as a sepiratj Government than as a part of the Union. Anl although a few discontented politicians may Bee fit to air then- grievances in American payers, their opinions must by no means fcs taken a* representative of the splendid nation which is growing by rapid strides under the Government of tbe Grown into aa Imperial Confederation of tbe highest importance." We have received a copy of a small worfconthe Northern Territory, edited by Mr. 3\. G. Knight, F.K.LB^_,who was for some time in the Gevernmeni service in that pat of thesolony. The work is oompSed to some ex tent from the lato Mr. Harcusa wdl-knotrn work on South Australia, and in part from special information collected by the author Irani officials who have been long residents in tbeTerritory. A abort history of the founding of the Territory is given with information as to tbe land regulations. As regards tiie eiima:-: of the country the author quote: Mr. Little, senior officer of the Pest and Telegraph Dc psrtment, who gives mneh interesting inform v tion on the point, and is of op;niou that although Kunpean workmen could not do what would be considered as a full day's work in a temperate climate, there is nothing to prevent them from doing a moderate day's work, as the climate is not so enervating aa in other tropical countries. Mr, Knight also discusses the -capabUitiea of the soil and dilates at cnnineatable length oa the extent and riehnees of the golduelds in the territory, fie also reproduces Mr. J. A. Giles's interesting account of Oortral Australia. At tbe and he discusses the probable future of tiie Territory, and describss his scheme for develop ing its resources by the construction of a rail way from Farina to Port Darwin. His first idea was that the whole of tiie faods required iaranehawork eoukl be obtained by n&i;«*nti blocks of land for sale along the course of tbe line at prices proportionate to its value. He now however seems to think ft would be better to call for tenders in London and tiie colonies for the construction of the line, tha work being paid for in land given to the contractors. Toe work is issued Umn the Government press, bat Mr. Knight states that his views with reipcct to the railway most be only regarded as indivi dual, as tiie Government neve not even con sidered his scheme. Mr. Knight has certainly managed to mass together a valuable amount of infra with rupee* to the Territiry, and his work will form a very useful haadbc hl i > that part of the colony. The followiog paragraph is taken from a letter dated Pans, January 27, app 31*105 iu the Melbourne Age:-G*omp and dipbtuei* continue to be very .prevalent, the eonseqne-jer sjf the prolonged<eo(d and humid weather. Tory are both very contagious, among children a> among adults, aad a«v*ral doctor* have CTcoai^ victims while attending patients suffering fro jt these maladies. The eminent physician ValWr, while examining a child suffering from malig nant diphtheria, received in his mouth some ol tbasaliva that rhe little invalid bad ojcjted in avnaef coughing. In two dars bo was dead, the neck enormously swollen, but not she slightest dimcolty was experienced iu breathinj. In voraminfrig the iaflannnatory snnstunee, the ■ftadnet of diphtheria, the miarssoope detests some small emmd o^gasswns, of waose natal*, whether animal or wsjetaote, scanoe has not yet been able to de termine; only thaw tmy mushrooms trans planted into the blood of certain ant-naU have developed exactly as one ealtiialMoos? mon spawn.in an oainacy HMvbvoom bed. Many .eminent authorities attribute to thesis : iaiscasoo|>ic«er2as in the Used me farattkxiof the lake nwafaraaesia diphtfaaria, (wkanmt to a veritable poison. The disease appears to have a parasitic origin, due to petty antmalcules or petty vegetable spores penetrating and contaminating the bleed, aad a frag ment of the false ——*rft-? entering either the masta or nose eomvumieete* the disease. Hcnoe it is by tbe respiratory organs tbe iaieotien acts, and eonsequeotly tine atmosphere of a ssek. dtambsr is dang<jroa?. Doctors have iwowiHihod from cUaring wttfa their lips the inekaon they made in the wind pipe of a patient as the last effort to save, and mothers earn fatten •tmilady victims in thaw agonising embraces t) recall ebbing life. Rripwiting "pcedianjsfvscatnes- nothing ia clearly known. Diphtheria respects no age, bat is momtoqaeut in the ease of ehQdren between taw and eight years oM, when the month, and throat is soft and sensitive, the fonstlsnora ttfesamoas, ana she nasal orifices and pharynx nareover. There is no remedy for the diseass as preventives, separation ol the sick, tbe use of carbolic acid in the patient*' Boom, and to guarantee children against humidity. Certain public squares and gardens are famed (or pmrinrtng the malady. The XoUeries Garden is viewed as a bead-centre of the inf*-""" However, the moment a child becomes sad and prostrated without cause the doctor should be called in, and in casean ope ration be B><imed necessary, which can be at tended with happy results if performed in time, parents ought not to object, as it is mote frightful than painful, aad since diphtheria rapidly ezhanats tbe*tnjn<rUt of the auif.erar.all remedies of a weakening nature, ai leeches, purgatives,, blisters, should be avoidel. Nourish the afflicted as well as possible. Strong dosei Of alcohol have saved wtien the resource 1 of tiie chemist have proved a failure. The following suggestive remark* on the necessity of reform in the present t;tum of infantry traHU&sere; taken from tbe Atmj/ anil Kavy Gazette. We believe tuesubjret di?ou*Ki by the writer is to be brought under the atten- Oor of the ooupcil of tb«9 Matioual Rifle asso ciation; —"Itunow an wudisputed fact ttat tbe object of training an infantry soldier should be to phwehim in the best position for using hie rifle with tbe greatest possible effect, and the army which carries eat this principle most thoroughly is that which will stand the fairest chance of success whan brought into action on a Buropesn battlefield. Toe subject is one of such imnwnan importance, that it may well be asked 'How do we stand in this re spect ? Are our aoldiers trained on a sound prmciple,and is time wasted m our service upon ahow manoeuvres if In order to fumiah a com prehensive answer and to point out defects, we will sketch out briefly our system, and havi'tg done so, we ask is the following iu any way an exaggeration 't In peace time the effic\ency of a British battalion ia the seld is tested by tiie performance of a number of movements in the presence of an inspecting officer. Sometimes a lew rounds of blank ammunition are expended, when a considerable noise is made, the tiring, aa a rule, being aimless and extremely rapid. Tua most imp"**"** movements at an inspection are «marching past? and tiie ' manual, platooo, and bayonet exercises.' These are never, under any circumstances, omitted. At the close of the inspection, should the general address the bat talion on the subject of its efficiency in the field he is almost certain to allude to the manner in which these exercises were performed. Tho usual form of speech ia as follows:-—'The marohiug . past was excellent, and the manner in which you went through the manual aud bayooat' exercises deserves the highest praise. From the ntfftfiinm with which the several movements I have been performed I am sure that should the battalion be sent on active service it will main tain the good name it has always borne,' &c.; Tbe general reports accordingly. Occasionally, if tiie practice-range be within an easy distance, one or two men per company fire a few ronuda of ball ammunition at a target, as a matter of form. Nobody cares whether they hit or miss. For the whole year, therefore, with the exception of eight working days, the trained soldiers are practised iu perfecting themselves in drill, and more particularly in the above-mentioned exercises. The mathematical precision which is frequently attained is simply astounding. In a great many regiments the musketry training of tiie men is looked upon as a nuisance, and it is hurried through as quickly as possible; for the fact of a battalion ghosting well brings it little or no credit, and if its per formance be Bad, practically no notice whatever ■fa taken 'of it. It is simply through the indi vidual exertions of a comparatively small number of officers that she ahooting «f ihe ar*ny is as good m it fa. IE jooehalf the attention ware paid to rine_ instruotion iriiich is now given t? * marching vest* and the ' bayonet exercise in quiek time/^ie efficiency ot tiie army *i a machine would be dsoblei, it not trebled. Zt would surely be a far mare practical tert of the efficiency .of a battiUon in the field i£ it were ejarcjsed at tbe «"■■! inspection in field-firing, or where that it is imporsible in skirmishing by feHJ*l"^ on the range, than to depend alnroat entirely on those timeJionon \ but somewhat useless maicauvres of 'the m^mhing past* and the bayonet exercise. These may be a test of smartness, but we doubt much whether they are any criterion of a regiment's fijiiting efficiency, for it is proved that (lie «nw??m?iiiiinfl officers who pride them selvo? most upon *h* proficiency of tiieir "">n in these performances are those who are allowed by general consent to rank in the category of leaden of * doubtful capacity.' What we want to do is to make the best of the small army we have at command, and do all we can to teach our boy-soldiers what is actually useful during tbe short time we have them under instruction, not to waste time and energy in ehow-manoeuvitts and obsolete exhibitions, which are all very well in their way, but are made far tcimuehof both by commanding and inspecting officers." The Australian Eleven are to be enter tamed at luncheon at the Town Hall to-day. The thirty-third annual show is con nection with the Mount Barker Agricultural Society is to be held to-day. This afternoon a new reading-room at the Cottage Homes, Stxniejotreet, North Ade laide, will be opened, and a tea provided for the inmates. At a concert held a short time ago for the pnipcse of assisting Mr. and Mrs. Ophel, sufferers by the lats fire at Port B'liot, the com mittce cleared £10, inoladins a sum of £2 2i. kindly subscribed by H:a Worship the Mayor of Adelaide. A series of entertainments will be pre sented in White's Assembly Kcsmdoring next week by the Bose Brothers illusionists, woo will be assisted by Violet Koie, whe i« de-.sribc i ai tbe" pretty songstrc t?." The principal features of the entertainment} are clairvoyant mind readiog, dark and cabinet seances, canjorin?, and vocaliam. The troupe made successful tours in New Zealand and Tasmania. The annual meeting of the Middlesex Football dub was held at the Wiidiot Oistle Hotel on Wednesday .March 17. The chair was 00 -enpied by Mr. W. H. Dedman. There wasa good r H rT ,AmTW' at tnajfA^m. ihe following officers were elected:—President, Dr. Joyce; vice presidents, Messrs. W. H. Dedman and T. W. Hall; rimmittce,Messrs.G. Clarkaon, A. Hall, aad K. Noye; secretary and treasurer, Mr. H. F. Nichols. It was rcolved that steps should ba takes to co- operate with the other junior olnb: with a view of forming an anoci&tiou;,to b;jcon ducted on tbe same principles as the £ rath Aus tralian Football Association. Tha ml option of this step was urged by the chairman as litoety to have tbe effect of establishing a properly organised training*chool for young players, aad promoting tiie advancement of football ia the colony. A Title match is to take place on Satur day next between tbe National Kifle Associa tion of this colony and the Perth stetrof tU* 1 Kifle Volunteers. Thi> firing will be at Perth and at Foinam, and the aoorr- will t > tale fcnpbcd- The opposing t unbare ococrst of fifteen men aside, and the firing will commence at 3 pjn. Lieutenant and Staff-A.djut.iai Williams of the local ailitirv torn, iititit asunpireat Fulaam for the Perth volunteers, and Oaptau George Phillips of the Volunteer Horse Artillery, and staS officer, Perth, will met in thst tswn as umpire for the a«B33iatiou. The conditions.under which thecompetition is tr> take pUee are as follows:— Distances—Soo.3X), and 400 yards, ten rounds at each distsnoe. Bines — Martini-Henry or Snider. Sight ftrietly in accordance with the Governmea patterns. &liding-bar; to backsight may be re varaed; fotesight may be colored. Pull o trigger, ??«nt«?mi«? 6 lbs. Slings of Govern ment length and pattern, and affixed to both swivels of rifle. Position—ftW vaida. standing; lying forward at other* distances. Targxsts at XOO and SOO yards target, 6 feet z 4 feet; bull's eye circular, I fc ot diameter; centre circular, 3 feet diameter; outer, remainder of target. At 490 ys*ds, tat set 6feetx 6 feet; bull's eye circular, 8 feet diameter; oastre circular, « feet diameter; outer, remainder of target. Value of bito bulkeye, 4; centre. 3; outer, t. No trial abota. Artificial alshta, wind B**W**. ?*?. sbadet, or shading allowed. This wul be the first Intercolonial match in which the associa tion has taken part. Adjutant Woods has re ceived bom the aecretary of tbe council of tiia Queensland National EiOe Aswciation a letter cceloaing a resolution paased by tbe council to the effect that an intercolonial rifle match will be held at Brisbane during tbe imnnal ritto rn<uflfo c in Jnjy next, to be shot with Martini- Henri rifles, Queensland pattern, forntd pan tion, and that the rifle associations of the other Australian colonies be invited to send teams to compete, trophies being provided for the win ning team. It is in the bishest decree impro bable that the council of pur association will be able to accept the invitation. The large hall of the Gawler Institute was crowded to exeeu on Tuesday eveiing. March 16, when a vocJ and imtrumenral con cert in aid of the Children's Hospital tsokplaoe. The entfftainment was under the patronage of Hsj Honor tiie Chief Justice, the. members of Parliament represenlating of Baroasa, and those rerident in the disbrict,the mayor aad corpora tion, the local clergy and magistrate:, and was in every sense a decided sueoesa. Mr. Vetuoa Stewart originated tbe movement,end organised a band of instrumentallsta as follows:—Leader, Mr. T. Stewart; pianoforte. Miss Bright; organist, Mr. Wendtlandt; second violin, Mr. 3. Taylor; oiarionette, Mr. Woodman ; contra bass, Mr. W. Kiggs; flute, Mr. Chrutsphar.jo: first comet, Mr. Gongdou; second corntt, Mr. W. Green; accompanist. Miss Lynch; chonu roaster, Mr. J. limb, and a large chorus of trained male and female voioes. The first part of the programme was commenced by the band playing very skilfully an overture by Sfosart, "li Han di Figaro, 1 followed by the chorus (with full; band accompaniment) "Spirits advance" (Oberon). Mr. J. W. Daniel, of Adelaide, who was well reeeived, sang "The Sailor's Grave" (Sheldon); after which Mils and Mr. G. P. Daniel gave with very go jd effect Glover's song. ** When I am far froji thee'" Mr. Fa-ins next m<? '■ Mm the lite boat" (Busaell), and Mr. J. W. Daniel reap peared atid gave a bnmoron* sod? iu cipitil ctyle. The applause waa so vehement th*t be returned and gave another song. The MUsm Bailey and Bright rendered a duet 00 tbe piano forte with cornet obligate by Mr. B Oon;don. A eoug, ~ The Britsh Liou", by Mr. Holt, and a trio, "The sea flowet", (Barnett) by the Mittes and Mr. D-niel brought this part of the programme to a clo:e. The last-named sou? was gften withexoeHeateffect, aud was regarded by many as the gem of the evening. After an interval of ten minutes the programme was con tinued by tbe baud giving the selection " Beatrice di Ttnda"; after which tbe chorus of " Wake the light is breaking" (Auber) was rendered witb full band accompaniment, and elected much admiration. Mr. J. W. Daniel sang " T«a in the arbour" and was vigorously encored. Mr. Holt followed with Wallaoe's sang "Happy moments"; after which the Misses O. and E. Daniel sang a duet, " Tbe cousins", (G)over) aud were recalled at tbe close. lit Parkes sang " Let me like a soldier fall," and tbe Misses and Mr. Daniel closed with a trio,''The Freaks of the Fairies." An encore was demanded, and the vocalists reappeared and repeated part of the same song. The 1-aniel family rendered eminent service in carry ing out the programme, a?id contributed largely to the pleasure of tbe evening. The entertain ment concluded with Htua laughable farce of " gent to the Tower," in which Mr. G. V. Bvaos assumed the part of Perfcyn Puddifort; Mr. jr. P. Jones that of Launoelot Banks, and Mr. A. E. Nott made a capital Gaoler. Mr. V. Stewart, thr. O. Otoat, and others went to great trouble in connection with the concert, and a handsome sum must have been realised for the Children's Hospital. 