ALL SORTS OF ITEMS. Where there's a will there's a wen't. A grate humbug — turnip disguised as horse-radish. How to find a chip of the old block- axe the block. " - The language of flowers — Anthologic for " My dear Jim." Jas. mine. A real bad stiff neck is ' a neck sere w- i elating thing. s Dealers are anxious for a little more coal weather. No wonder the March liair is mad — it gets blown about so. A woman stung is the nearest approach to perpetual motion. The jewel for a frilled shirt bosom is a diamond in the ruff. " Deer at any price !" yelled the hungry traveller, who ordered venison for dinner. No chiropodist feels aggrieved when the band plays " See the corn-curing hero comes." A manufacturer of archery outfits re minds one of a severe sea captain, when he makes a tar get. An exchange lias au article on " Bread- sfcnfl".'' Well, it may be. Now give us an article on " Meat's tuff." , It is well enough to hit the nail oh the head, providing the nail is not the one on the cfnd of your finger. The man who is architect of his own fortune has got to get some poor nobody to do the carpenter work. A familiar instance of colour blindness is that of a man taking a brown silk um brella and leaving a green gingham in its place. M. Meissonier, the great French artist, "paints very slowly." The same may be said of a house-painter working by the day, but this dosen't make him a great artist. A writer in the " Boston Transcript" thus relates a tale of woe: "The young lady came and tried to sell me a manus- \- _ i_ c ,r _ i t. ti i j t _ sripi story. i>iy reacuer liKes it, sue said, when I repeated our usual formula of no space, no money, no time, and no anything to her. c Teacher an editor?' I inquired, mildly. cNo, indeed,' was the answer, 'she's a person of refinement and education.' " Munificent Donations. — The Bendigo Hospital (says the "Advertiser") has a generous patron in the person of Mr George Lansell. Tuesday, 24th August, was Mr Lausell's birthday, and, according to custom, we are desired by Mr R. F. Howard, hon. secretary to the Bendigo Hospital, to announce the receipt of a letter by that gentleman from Mr Lansell, en closing a cheque for £1000, to be placed to the credit of the endowment fund of the hospital, and also another cheque for £1000 as a contribution for the advance ment of Mrs Austin's benevolent project for erecting an asylum for incurable patients. During ; the past three years, we may add, Mr Lansell has contributed considerably over £3000 to the two Sand hurst charities, principally to the hosiptal. Ghostly. — A ghost story comes from Nagambie, and is told by the local paper as follows: — "Persons visiting the rail- pray station, and those who have had occasion to visit the locality at night have been greatly frightened by seeing a ' ghost.' A few eveniDgs ago it appeared near the end of the railway platform, and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in height, arrayed in pure white. The form was that of a female with, as far as could be discerned, a deathlike face. It was noise less in its movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity. One of the porters, who had a considerable amount of courage, proceeded in the direction of the appari tion, and when within easy range fired at it, but to his astonishment, after the smoke had cleared away he found the ap parition was close to him. He was per fectly terrified, and, dropping his gun, he made for his friends at lightning speed. One night last week, as the half-past nine cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, was travelling along the railway road towards the town a short distance from the sta tion, the spectrum agaiD. appeared on the hillside about fifty yards from the cab, and as tha conveyance proceeded so did the figure. This frightened the passen gers, and especially the driver, so that he drove his horses at a furious pace, soon losing sight of the apparition. It is cur rently reported that the ' stationmaster has applied t© be removed." Artificial Egg-hatching. — Artificial egg-hatching, I find, (says a writer in " Truth") is likely to become quite a fashionable garden amusement where people are so fortunate as to have a grassy domain round their house. I was shown on a suburban lawn the other clay a brood of no less than eighty-five sturdy little chicks of all sorts and sizes, reared at one hatch, entirely by the warmth of the hot house pipes, on the principle suggested by Mgssi-3 Christy, the well-known makers of the Hydro-Incubator. They were about a month old, and their mother was, strange to say, nothing but a bed of clean hay with a covering of Shetland wool- cloth, about a square yard, to supply the " brooding" warmth of the parental wing. This simple nestling-place was enclosed in a neat little shed, with wings on each side, as a recreation ground, the whole affair being about the size of a small dining-room table, and not higher, and made to look pretty as a sort of dwarf chalet with a low door in the centre. The lady of the house was as proud of her brood as any feathered Lady Dorking could be, only, as she whisked her hand kerchief over the swarm, she whispered, in Medealike tones, " and they fat up splendidly." Threads from Wood. — Anew develop ment of the timber industries has re cently been made near the town of Norkoping, in Middle- Sweden. It consists in manufacturing thread for crochet and sewing purposes from pine timber. The process is not made public, but the pro ducts are said to be fine in quality, and the price is low. The thread is wound on balls by machinery, and packed in boxes for export. The new business is likely to be a successful one, for the orders from all parts of the country, are so numerous already that the new, factory is unable to to fulfil them. lMPEKHi.FKDBRXTii».-.-l;rhecensoli(litii>u of the British Euij)i'v- )i< . rpcoifiuseil ou all hands as a task of ?uc2i iiiq>craiive-nece<siiv that nay >r>ictic-il > rnit-rul r»-|«restii- tation ami ted erai . I h f < \- -j » ( j iv welroim- j The recent intormai , :n rruifj atr this iloyn j Colonial Institute was opportone,. not onlv <ts ae earnest of the interest taken m the subject by influential politicians and b others of vast Colonial experience . but also for the discussions to which it gave rise Of equai value towards the same end is Mr Danic". Cooper's pamphletentitled ""A Federal British Empire," addressed to the Earlof Kimberley. It is needless to say any tbine as to its authority. Mr Cooper writes with thorough knowledge of his subject, raised during a long and politically active residence in Australia. He i8, 03- is also wed known a strong advocate of a reid and practical system of federation So far as defence of our foreign obses sions is concerned, attention is chiefly devntd to tne protection of India from invasion bv Russia. If such a possibility is not the bugbear that some authorities believe it is at least a danger that can be effectually guarded against by the adoption of some one of the numerous methods suggested by writers on the subject— such, for example, as that of Mr Andrew in liis work on the scientific frontier, noticed in another column. But a scheme of federal defence is too apt to be regarded in official quarters' as the dream of the visionary. It is, therefore, to be hoped that Mr Cooper's views may have a wide circulation. The Federal Parliament, which is to assemble at home, as advocated by Mr Cooper, may not be a necessity of the hour. IN one the less it is a project on which opioion in England is already beginning to mature. As for. federal defence, that s a subject which stands oh a very different basis, and so far as it deals with this topic Mr Cooper's pamphlet has a very direct and practical value. It points out that Sydney alone is adequately defended by fortifications, and these should be extended to Port Philip, Port Adelaide, Brisbane, Wellington, Hobarfc Town, and other leading seaports. It shows too, that in event of war, we should close the southern end of thiBed Sea, where we possess the island of Perim, and this, passage south of the Horn is almost impracticable, but ooe line of communication, by the Cape, at St. Helena Bermuda, and our other West Indian posses sions, should be thorough, so that these places may serve as depots for coal »nd water. It may be remarked that in all Mr Coor er advo cates he runs almost on all-fours with ihe sug gestions of Captiah Colomb, whose " Defence of Greater Britain" we hud occasion recentlyto notice. The material I'oints of these schemes have been touched upon. Criticism of them may be confined to a few words. The wantof the hour is intelligent handling of Colonial affairs by the Secretary of Staie . This treatment must be sympathetic and liberal ; and if so, it cannot fail to include the earnest consider ation of th- subj-ct of federation and federal defence. With respect to the latter, there is no fear thai, in case of war. our enemy would disintegrate itself by landing armies in our remote possessions. Should it do so, such armies, of necessity small, might be disposed of by Colonial forces. The fear is for our line of communications If these be effectively protected, and the Colonial seaports fortified as suggested, with the addition of floating batteries manne-i by volunteers, it may be said that everything necessary, or indeed pos sible, would have been done. — ' Home News." The Bishop of Manchester on Wealth and Charity.— The Bishop of Manchester when preaching at St. John's Church, Hurst, XVolMUIl UUUCt UJ HCj >1 (IIU Ul VUG ObilUUl lUUUj took for his text the first four verses of the parable of Div. s -tud Lazarus, the Gospel for the day, and in the cnurse of his sermon said that to reflectin minds there was nothing which under some aspects caused more pain than the enormous contrasts which modern society presen ted . The re was no U3e, he said, in any of them dreaming dreams, still less would it be of any avail for them to dream, revolu tionary dreams The condition of society was more or less God's ordinance ; and although lie did not know that it was God's ordinance that one mail should have £1 00,000 a year and another have to live as an outdoor panper on 2s- 6d. a week, but he did know that it was to a very large extent man's own doing— that according as men were thrifty, iudustrious, and temperate they were prosperous, and that, on the other hand, intemperance, lazi ness, and untliriftncis did bring men down in the scale of society. There was no harm in a duke having his £100,000 a year if he made a good and worthy use of it, a many dukes did ; the harm came when they lived, as to day many did, selfishly, aDd without any thought of the misery existing around them, There were people living to-day in cellar dwellings in Manchester, in hovels in Ashton and other towns, eating offal, clothed in rags, and not spending so much on their sustenance as the rich deplore, and it was a kind of thing which bad before now become intolerable. What brought about the French Revolution? It was the intolerable neglect of their duty by the privileged classes. It was because the French nobility were not fulfilling the obliga tions about which they were continually prat ing that the crash came, and in that crash down went the throne and the Church and the distinctions of rank and society ; and though these tilings had reestablished them selves in that country, it stiil remarked there that if a large class forgot their obligation, and thought onlv of their privileges, we were at the very door of a revolution. There were poor in England to day just as wretched as was L3zirus. In 09 cases out of 1 0u he fan cied it was from their own fault, though he knew that in some cases the inherent weak ness of constitution aDd other causes over which men had 110 control brought them to the sad state in which they were found- that sudden misfortune overtook people, and that rich men became poor, and poor men poorer. He quite admit tec that there were great difficulties in the way of benevolence. What was called in discriminate charity — putting oue's hand into one's pocirct. and giving a tramp sixpence, a shilling, or lialf- a-crown, r.i ! more harm than gi.i«l. -mil wasa foolish habit which generated in tlio world a quantity of hypocrisy and lying quite incal culable. Everyme who tried to do good ought to take the further pains of seeing that he was doing goo? It was said of jrchhisbop Whately thai t-cg»ve away during bis life £40,000 in charity, and yetneTergavcsix pence to a man who accostesl him in the street. That might seem rather hard, but it was bis own rule pretty much,- Deserving tramps were, he was afraid, very few, and seldom to be met with ; »nd he said again that if we wished to do good it wh.s our duty to fee that we did it, and not mere y be content with the bestow ing of a shilling here and there to any one who might a-k it. He did not find it written in the parable from which he had token his text that ihe rich man was a man of immoral or profligate life. There were many who were both, < lto-c '""nilb did an untold amount of mischief in the world, who surrounded themselves with large establishments of servants, men and women, about whom they cared nor ooe whit so long as they adminis tered to their pleasure. That kind of living was producing a sort of moral poison in the nation. He feared there were m.mv young men and young women who went to Loudon for a season tr two, and who were caught by the fashionable folly, and who come back to their simple fives in the country demor alized and tainted at heart. It was not enough to be decent and respectable and pay one's debts. We were bound to " look on the things ..f others,!' as Paul said, not merely from motives of curiosity, but from a desiifi to do what we could for those who were placed in less favourable circumstances tlsaa ourselves. Origin of the Umon Jack— Before the crowns of England and Scotland were united under JamesI .the flag curried by English.-hipa was white, with the rod cross of St. George emblazoned on it ; and that hoisted on board the ship of Seo land was bine, whit the cross of St. Andrew on it ; the red 'lines uf the first being perpendicular and korizonial. those of the latter diagonal. Some differt uces having nr'seu.b twet n the ships of the two countries, Ilia Majesty, to prevent this ia future, and to teach bis people t' at tney formed one nation, ordained that a new flag should he ..tin d, h»Ting the cros<s of St, George interlaced with that of St. Andrew on the blue ground of the flag or Scotland, All ships were to carry.. it at the m-tiu mast head, hut the Engiisii ships .were to disjVlay the St. George'.- -red cross -a£ fiicir stenm, .and th« that of St Andrew. Op th< 12th A.pHi, i :"'i 'he Union Jio:k Wa Hztt h listed ;it. hot if was not till 0 e J'ar- Iiamentary li'tl -n «f hg t wo .'rfnjriee lifl'SJ? tliar i- -»- I !>> f-i-t rtz lf»« military lias of tfr-»t Brit >l-i. i% lb iff/ ic— iVretot. ,<tO»W ij.- t .3 lie " 'fioo btHHvf Autiqtsa J? j c.'-AJ- j The Yorkshire Evangelist. — We learn that Matthew Burnett is creating quite a commotion in South Australia His religious meetings and his temperance processions and mass gatherings are at tended by people of all classes and creed some of whom think he is another Father Matthew ; others that he is a second J. B. Gough, and others that he is the resur rected Gideon Ouseley (the Irish mis sionary), or John Oxtoby (known as "Praying Johnny"), or else Billy Bray (the Cornish oracle), or perhaps Peter Cartwright (the American backwoods preacher), or may-he Duncan Matthieson (theJScoltish Evangelist). Some time ago the Rev. J . Millard could not understand what Mr Burnett was made of, his powers of endurance being so extraordinary, and hinted that perhaps he was constructed of ' ' indiarubber and whalebone. " Mr Bur nett was present on that occasion, but did not enlighten the meeting as to whether the rev. gentleman had solved the prob lem or not. The probability is that Mr Burnett is Mr Burnett, and nobody else ; and whatever points of resemblance he may have to the historical celebrities enu merated, it is certain he has a style of speaking and singing peculiarly his own, resembling no man preceding Mm, and not easy of imitation in those who may follow him. His wonderful tact as an organiser stands Mm in good stead, and his recent extraordinary successes in reclaiming so many thousands from the gutter of intem perance and ruin powerfully illustrates what may be achieved by a special pMlan- thropist, who first lays out the work of his life, and then, entering it, is willing, if need be, to lay down Ms life for Ms work. The Yorkshire Evangelist, however, is still to the fore, but many believe he will " die in harness." — " Herald." Women in Parliament. — It is recorded that among the persons returned to the Parliament of 1361 (35 Edward III.) were "Marie, Countesse de Norfl" ; Alianor, Oountesse de Ormond ; Philiapa, Coun tesse March ; Agnes. Countesse de Pem- brook ; and Catherine, Countesse de Atholl." In the preceding year, also, there had been writs tested at Roynton, on April 5, issued to divers earls, bishops, and to four abbesses, requiring their attendance at Westminster on the morrow of the Trinity, for the purpose of treating of an aid for the making of the king's eldest son a knight, &c.; It does net appear, however, that any ladies ever actually took their seats in Parliament by virtue of these summonses ; but there are numerous instances on record of both squires and knights having sat in the House of Lords in right of their wives. — "Fireside." A Police Court "Scene." — Quite a scene took place in the City Police Court, Melbourne, on Monday (says the " Tele graph), during the hearing of a charge of obstructing the footpath, which was pre ferred against a respectable young man named Albert Reva by the police. During the examination of one of the witnesses for the defence, Mr M'Kean, in referring to Plain- clothes Constables Holland and Kissane, said, "Do you see those — I'll call them gentlemen, for the present," in such a reflecting manner that the former gentleman lost his temper, and in appeal ing to the Bench for protection, said that he considered Mmself as good a " man" as anyone in court. Mr M'Kean said, " Oh, they object to be called gentlemen ; very well ; we'll call them policemen." Mr Pilley, J.P., who occupied the ehair on the Bench, told Mr M'Kean that whatever the men did they were merely acting under the direction of their officer, and did no more than their duty, and, there fore, he (Mr M'Kean) had no right to cast reflections upon them in the way he was doing. Mr M'Kean replied by saying that the Bench had no right to address Mm in that manner, and in directing the witnesses to speak to the Bench, he said, "Speak to those gentlemen — no, I won't call them gentlemen, they inay object. Speak to the magistrates to which Mr Pilley said, " Mr M'Kean, I must say you are most offensive." After a few more words, the matter was allowed to drop, but it was evident that a bad feeling was ovfitprl liet.wp.firi the wordv bel- ligerents. Poetic. — The days of high-paid poets (says the Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator) have not passed away. The South Australian Legislature boasts of a member, Hugh Fraser by name, who was described by one of the learned counsels in a recent cause celehrc as the "South Australian Robert Burns." Mr Fraser composed a poem to the order of Mr A. B. Murray, to help that gentleman in his recent candidature for the South Australian Legislative Council. Mr Murray, who is a pastoral magnate, refused to pay the sum demanded for the " Poem," viz., £25. Thereupon Mr Murray was sued by Mr Fraser for the amount, and the defendant urged that at the rate of 10s a line was rather too much to charge for a composition that could not he des cribed as anything approaching a Tenny- sonian character. The following is given as a specimen : — He took up a country which he turned into runs. And he squatted on the grass like tho other great guns; He fenced and improved and constructed darns, And accumulated hundreds of our best-bred rams. However, Mr Fraser got a verdict, and doubtless what constitutes good poetry is simply a matter of taste. Another Bloated Oligarch. — Under the above heading "Punch" has the following. paragraph : — Mr George Lansell hit's been at " Ms mean tricks again. The day before yesterday he gave a cheque for £1000 towards the Hospital for Incur ables, wMch Mrs Austin so generously proposes to build. Hot content with this dastardly outrage, George Lansell, the abused of the " Age," and the hated of the " Liberals," had the audacity to present on the same day £1000 to the Bendigo Hospital as his usual birthday donation. This man is actually in the habit of giving at the rate of 20 pounds a week to one charitable institution alone, and yet he wonders why our politicians wish to drive Mm out of the colony. His . acts are deliberate insults to the man who did not hand over the balance of the Embassy five thousand to the Melbourne Hospital. The oligarchs like George Lafisell must clear out. This is to be a paradise for the working nian. _ Water foe Oows is rASiCKK.. — fur miicu cows it is very necessary tii»t the water for ' them is. pare, qthtrwiEe: i» taints the milk, : front this n»-iiher goo jbut r nor cliepse can be made. "Where there is nut abundance "oi clear, running water in yard or picture, it should be-snpplied from \ve!!s or.c;s:erns. If drunk from standing pools. or smsll- ponds',, the water is always more t-r'its: fou', or so Stagnant us to be unpalatable; i hd at times ; even unhealtbful. In order to obtain a full flow of milk, cows must have a'l the water fbry will naturally drink at morning, nlon and night, otherwise tbr-y (will not- give full- lr" ; I wees of milk, nor will i'be rJ ko"good: a quality. But a :uaning'>,8treanV, l.mbre' ... ..especially when afrpasture wh,er£.tb£y c>tn;go! 7 v'tnd drink at plekahre, is stiitbaiier. than that" drawn from wellB for them:thrcp timesfpor.' day, at regular intervals. -(NeccqsilyV lioy-' ever, often compels the latter 'course. Some dairymen, in order- to ie crease "the flow of milk, stimulate their cows to drink nit; extra quantity of water, by extra salting their .food Or stirring a small quantity of bratx or " meal in it. But this is objectionable; innsmucli as' it tends to lessen the riihr dga 0f the roiik. This also fills up the stomaoh so much 113 .10 t dilate the gastriq - juice and thus'; injure digestion, More or less of the food is ejngequently Voided whole. If there ;be a gfiiu in milk, then a loss in food fol(ovts by stimulating to an fxcess of drink. . ' ' Mr Bradlaugh in the House. — Writing on July 9, the London correspon dent of the " Argus" remarks : — As the result of the resolution carried by Mr Gladstone on July 1, Mr Bradlaugh has at length been admitted within the sacred precincts of the House. The closing scene of the Parliamentary drama was played at the morning sitting of the Commons on Friday last, in the presence of an audience from whose minds the fires of polemical excitement seemed to have all died out. Mr Bradlaugh on arriving seated himself in front of the bench under the Peers' gallery, which by some constitutional fiction is supposed to he outside the House ; but he had not been there long before one of the officials of the House made a communication to him, the result of which was that when the official with drew, the member for Northampton rose and followed Mm out of the House. After prayers Mr Bradlaugh re-entered, and stood near the door of the bar, wait ing the formal summons of the Speaker to the new members to come to the table. When the fiat went forth, Sir Sydney' Waterlow, the newly-elected member for Gravesend, was the first to obey, and, with Lord Grosvenor and Sir John Lubbock for his escort, advanced to the table, where he took "the oath amid loud cheers, subscribed the Parliamentary roll, and was introduced by Sir Erskine May to the Speaker in the usual manner. Then came Mr Bradlaugh, who on reach ing the table and communicating his wishes to Sir Erskine, had the affirmation administered to Mm. He too, signed the roll, and having in Ms turn been introduced to the Speaker, retired behind the chair, passed down the " ayes" lobby, returned to the House and took his seat at the fur thermost end of the third bench below the MiMsterial gangway. The entire pro ceeding occupied but a few minutes, and seemed to be regarded by the assembly with more of curiosity than of any deep- seated interest, for it was witnessed with out the utterance of a single cheer, or the manifestation of feeling of any sort from any quarter of the House. After taking his seat on Friday last Mr Bradlaugh voted with the majority in the division wliich took place on the question of the issue of the writ for Tewkesbury. On leaving the House he was served with a writ, at the suit of Mr Henry Lewis Clarke, claiming the penalty of £500 for having made an affirmation instead of an oath, and for hav ing afterwards sat in the House and voted. On Monday night another writ was served on Mr Bradlaugh, under somewhat pe culiar circumstances. Just after the mem bers' lobby had been cleared, a gentleman obtained admission, stating that lie wanted frt coa M r KralfliKrli /in imnnrfanf Imct- ness. This person was Mr Barton Brown, member of a firm ©f solicitors, who, en countering Air Bradlaugh at the door of the house, handed to him a writ issued in fthe Queen's Bench division, sueing him or the penalty of £500. Mr Bradlaugh was extremely indignant, and denounced Air. Brown's conduct in meeting him on the very threshold of the House as inde cent, irregular, and in the last degree im proper. He desired to know how it was that the writ had not been served on him at Ms private house, and was told that his address was not known. On opening the writ, however, Air Bradlaugh found that his address was there stated in full. The incident produced for a time considerable commotien in the lobby, and it is likely that the attention of Parliament will be called to the subject on Air Bradlaugh's behalf. A determination, it is said, exists in certain quarters to serve Mr Bradlaugh with a writ every time he records a vote in the House of Commons. So far is he, however, from being terrified at this pro spect, that it is understood he will seize every opportunity he can avail himself of to take part in the division in Parliament. Strength of the German, Austrian and Russian Armies. — Now that the rumours of war are again the order of the day in Europe, it may be of interest to give the war-strength of the armies of thi powers likely to be en gaged in the struggle. Germany, according to tho Statesman's Year Book, has an active army of the strength of 1,300.000 men ; and, adds that work," " It is calculated that, with Urn addition of the Landsturm. Germanv mav place in the field at any time two millions aud a half of armed men, without drawing upon the last reserves." The army of Austria on a war footing, according to the same excellent authority, has a strength of 771,556 men. In 1879 the strength of the Russian army ou a war footing was, according to the same book, 1,213,259 men. These figures show that, should war break out, the three contending powers will put an aggregate of some four millions of men into the field mutually to destroy each other. And then they call tbe; nineteenth a civiiizsd century ! 