TOWN TALK. According to the member, for Gympie, the leader ef the Opposition does not speak,':he ." yelps." This vocal peculiarity of Mr. Griffith', has not been generally noticed. Perhaps it hnsi in the fitness of things, come, to - him since he entered upon that dogged . resistance to the mail Bervioe. j " The step from the sublime to the ridiculous —or rather from the airy. to. the ponderous, is exemplified in the last Gazette list of donations to the Brisbane Museum.' Mr.: Burstall,: of Brisbane, hands in one ladybirdthe ' trustees of the Peabody Musenm,' Cambridge, .Hum*. chusetts,"United States, presenttbetwelfthand; thirteenth annual reports of that inslitutioh. . .TsBRB are o<K^8iohB. when an air of extreme innocence sits well ;npbn; an . individual; not generally oredited with that; complaint. Mr. Diokaon, speaking on-"ways'and means''.in the Assembly, said he noticed that there were some'services which the Treasurer had omitted to proyide for. " What had become of the mail service ? " ((Had the mail service escaped the -Treasurer's memory P" Of course it had; that is—yes ; of coarse it had; A Premier over whelmed with cares of State can't be expected to bother his head about: a mail service.Why | onearlh did Mr. Dickson want to go and rer ; mind Mr/M'llwraith about that silly business.1 The least said the soonest mended. : Mr. Dickson undoubtedly showed the seamy side of the Treasurer's Finanoiai Statement on Tuesday; While he was hitting out, however, it would have been more telling had he con fined himself to pure Anglo-Saxon instead of indulging in tropes and flowers of speech. It would have been muoh simpler to say that, judging from present appearances, a drought is impending, than to wrap up this unpleasant possibility in the following phrase:—41 At a time like the present, when the heavens were as brass and the clouds withheld their moisture, the prospects throughout the colony were very ' gloomy, and there seemed every probability of another'year of diminished produotion, -which* would tell, and tell seriously, upon the financial anticipations of the Treasurer."- This' was especially mat 4 propos in connection-with a: speech, the chief object of which•'was to prove that there 131 a disagreeable deficiency* of. " brass" about. \- Webb-proof •wanting .'that- the'businesa of Pnrliament baa this sesaionso far halted—not to pat to line - a point upon it—the business paper of. the Legislative Oounml would afford it:By this time, there should bo a number of bills before the Lords, but a reference to the business paper of -the'18th discloses the follow, ing beggarly accountInsanity Bill, - to bo ^further considered iu committee; tho business •of tho .provious day baring consisted Jn futile attorapt to form =a quorum. 'Xhe Post master-General fluttered himself that that In sanity Bill (this is not the playful pseudonym of au inmalo of Woogaroo) was goiug. through *•' flying/' • but ho didu't . make allowances for the desire, by the Lords, to appear to be doing something. That -Lunaoy Bill will hare to do duty until something eLo is sent up {from the Commons. There hug boon an unaccustomed dearth of wit duriug tho .present session. -Jfivea during the recent stouewalling sitting there-was an entire absence of tho Attic salt so necessary, to savour such drv-us-dust proceedings. 'Mr. 8to ■vensou has com® to the roscuo..- . Referring to the member for Northern Downs, and bis tro posal to tax squatters, ho.said:—".The lion, rnetnbor thought- thero were 110 meaus of got* ting at hiiu,'but he was mistaken. In a very ancient statute, which .ho (Mr. Stevenson) be lieved was still in force- was' to bo' found a paragraph as followed:'^'The King ihtli have the custody of 'natural fools,, taking the profits of them without waste or destruction, and shall find them their necessaries, of whose fee soever the land be holden. And after the death of such idiots he shall render it;to the right heirs, so that such idiots shall rot eliene, nor their heirs Bhall be disinherited-' *' ^ Now, there is something really smart about this, only there is a difficulty as to where the application of the terms '.'natural fools" and " such idiots " comes in.1- ■ J. " '.Tan days of miracles are not passed. -AMr. Milner Stephen performs them'in Sydney at this present, .writing. He has, by tie Jaying onofhande] been, Healing.no,end. of people suf fering from the ^most intractable ,diseases JThere^are, ..however, .sceptics .who doubt bis healing powers, but it is quite certafn that Mrf Stephen/himself doesn't. Amongst his cures-wae thut'-of an' old gentleman ohly too well known in these parts—Mr. gctiiffer, the great' little traveller. He was cured, but he wasn't aware of the fact. The poor little fellow was suffering' agonies from neuralgia when he sought the healing art as practised by Mr. Stephen. Mr. S. went through the usual .formality, and reassuringly told his patient that his malady was gone. Schaffer, neverthe less] continuedto groan and contort his fea tures] and could hy no means be. brought to understand that-ho. was cured.. He hadn't •faith, that was what was the matter with him. \- Thkbb was quite an excitement at.Goodna on Sunday when the foundation' stone of >a new Catholic church was laid with much ceremony by Bishop O'Qainh.' ] Of course a cavity had been'.made in the foundation stone fortfce^eeep tion of the ^customary, bottle, in which the equally customary coins and newspapers'of the day were-to be' placed. -But1 here the only 'hitch in the day's proceedings occurred.' The ^Bishop's: clerical aide de camp had Teft the papers and 'coins behind him in Brisbane. The Bishop, .appealed to . the bystanders to j come forward to repair the omission. ' There-wasn't much "of: a rush as regards the required coin, and'newepapera were altogether at a premium. After" a general rummage of tail pockets all round, a staunch " Roman", revived the Bishop's drooping spirits by exclaiming, "Here you are, my lord," and handed his lordship a newspaper, which, on being unfurled, proved to he last Saturday's £vangtUc*l Standard* Tableau 1 - Annthtma Maranathu ! / /.; * j A obsat dispute' about some of .the« most valuable property in Melbourne has 'just been settled' by a compromise. A .most. important piece.of evidence on .behalf of. the,plaintiff, and- which,, no doubt, did more than: any. thing else towards his : obtaining: hit rights, was that given by an individual whileconfined in the Woogaroo.-.Xunatic Asylum. Ah attempt was made: to set; aside this evidence, on the ground that the'witness was incapable of making a reliable statement. How mad the witness was may. be'"gathered from the following excerpt from his evidence: —"Q. Do you remember having a.conversa tion with Mr. Palmer about a cheque P ' A.— Yes, at Dnnwich. He came up to me in a most patronising manner, at which I walirate and riled, and said, putting his hands in his pockets and blowing out his cheeks as .if bo wers a little God Almighty, ( By the by, Mr. Clark, have you got any money ?' I' thought to myself. What is that to you P I tbought.it an impertinent question." "/And .this of* Mr Palmor! Mr. Clark mtwf have been mad*. •• Hit. Thorn, the member for Northera Downs is a man who,'if he had his way, would re move.the slur from our representativeathat they prefer to obstruct rather thau forward business He is ready.m-resources, and can-unravel a Gordi&n; knot where others are tying themselves up helplessly in it. He suggested a remarkably simple and.straightforward way for the Minis try to. sot themselves right, with the.polony generally and-Mr; George Thorn in particular. In tho most-liberal manner possible, be said he 11 would make n proposition to the Government^ which, if it wis accepted, would depose of thu Financial; Statement, so far ;as he? was concerned: :If they ...would come- down; and 'give -their cheques- for: the £60,000- oat of whioh" the country had been 'diddled' by • tho*'.- blundering ^oi the Premier ^ and * Minister for Works—he coupled the ^Min ister fcr Works with the .Premier, for his incapacity had contributed to the*loss—if thev woro prepared to hand over the'£60,000 he should personally offer nolfurther opposition to the fiuaucial proposalsof the Government. . Tho Minister for Works was.reputed tojbe a wenlthy man, and had probably received many thousands of pounds from his 'goldmines. > The Premier had als> probably made .thpusauclB of pounds bv hisx speculations. He 'had :heard that if the lion, gontlcman became Premier and remained in offico . three years, he would.iu all likelihood become the richest' man in tho country; and if what was reported was^true* to comedown with cheques for£30,OOO^eaoh .would not bo much? for both hou. gentlemen.'* The question is, will Mr. Thorn's very reason able'suggestion be adopted f > In all probability uot.;" •*' ' v;;'' - • - : ■* • -- a , ■ 7 The telephone is soon likely, to be extensively used in Brisbane as a means of communication. V' even proposed that the trustee*.in town "v shall be placed in immediate contact with the * general cemetery by means of this marvellous.. ! invention. A night, iu the trustees* office .Would be rather trying to anybody with "nerves." Such an one would be momentarily, expecting to overbear, per telephone, conversa tions between " unlaid ghosts that break th-ir cbaini at curfew time." Though whether the instrument is yet sufficiently developed to con* ▼ey a conversation that may more properly be ^ " Called "gibbering** is a question. 'The mid* •' night telephonist would have to keep " whistling Valoui to keep his courage up," not to mention \- drowning possible conversations among the \- residents in spiritland. 