Facts and Fancies. " A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men,"— Hudibras. A CRYSTAL ghost—A glass shade. A TIGHT-FIT.—Delirium tremens. When is a glass of hot grog like a locomotive ? —When it's a steamin gin. A newspaper advertises bookbinders' skins for gale—and this is the nineteenth century i Hairdresser's Motto.—A fool and his hair are soon parted. A lightning-rod agent was struck by light ning the other day, and the phenomenon can only be accounted for on the theory that the electric fluid got tired of being lied about. The following advertisement appeared lately in an Irish newspaper :—"This is to notify Patrick O'Flaherty, who lately left his lodgings, that if he does not return soon and pay for the same he shall be advertised." An impecunious fortune hunter, having been accepted by an heiress, at the wedding, when that portion of the ceremony was reached where the bridegroom says," With all my worldly goodß I thee endow," a spiteful relative of the biide exclaimed, " There goes his valise !" The following anecdote is told of John Philpot Curran. In his last illness he was restless, and unable to sleep. His physician gave him a strong sleeping draught, and, after he had taken it, said to him, " There, Mr. Curran, now you will sleep like a top." " Ah," said Curran, " I know, just as uaual—keep on turning round and round." "Doctor," said an old lady, "I'm so troubled in my Bleep. Last night I saw grandfather, who has been dead thirty years." " What did you eat before you went to bed?" asked the doctor. " Nothing but half a mince-pie." " Well, if you had eaten the other half, you might also have seen your grandmother." Wk have received a poem, of which the hut stanza is as follows: — " But should I unsuocesif ill prove In all the fund intrigs of love— * Should they despise me and my wealth, I'll buy a gun and shoot myself." On the whole we think it is the best thing the author can do. We particularly admire the last line. The railroad monopolies don't hare it all their own way, after all. A lady in Chicago sued the Central Pacific for $75 damages for allowing a locomotive to scald all the hair off a valuable dog expressed her from San Francisco. She obtained judgment and collected the money before the company found out that it was a Japanese dog and never had any hair. A dramatic author was boasting of the num ber of play* he had written, saying that more than a hundred had been produced on the boards. " More than a hundred plays, and all of them performed ?" exclaimed some one in astonish ment. " Yes ; and the most curious feature in connection with the fact is that no one seems to' be aware of it." A younc lady is buying an adorable little bull terrier. Just at the moment of concluding the bargain, she sayß : " Oh, I wanted to say, does he bark much I I am so sensitive to sound of any kind that the least noise gives me a headache." " Ob, no, mann," says the dog-fancier, " I can hanswer for that dog. 'E hisn't one of them noisy beggars has keeps barkiug 'is blessed 'cad orf hon heach hand hevery hoccasion. Not 'c ! Why, blest) you, mann, 'c might be sleeping hat the font of your bed, hand a burglar might break bin, hand chop orf your ladyship's sanguinary 'cad with a hax, hand this blessed brute 'd never let a whimper hout of 'im. That's the so(t of dog 'c is 1" Thk Oriental physicians are the greatest quacks in the world. Take the following specimen of their profundity :—An emir, supposed to have the hereditary gift of healing, prescribed for a patient, an upholsterer, lying at death's door with the typhus fever. The next day he called to see his patient and found, to bis astonishment —for he had given him up—that he was much better. On enquiring into the particulars, the convalescent told the emir that, being consumed with thirat, he had drunk a pailful of the juice of pickled cabbage ! " Allah is great!" cried the emir, and down went the fact on his tablets. The doctor was soon after called upon to attend another patient, a dealer in embroidered handker chiefs, who was ill of the same disease—typhus fever. Of course he prescribed a pailful of pickled cabbage juice. The next day he learned that the sufferer was dead. Whereupon he made the following entry in hid books :—"Although, in cases of typhus fever, pickled cabbage is an effi cient remedy, it must in no case be used unless the patient wan upholsterer." It was evident to the Eastern sage that his patieut died because it was hia misfortune to deal in handkerchiefs inatead of sofa coverings. 