Chapteb XXXII.—He is Gone. June loved, feared, and hated her hus band, and yet she felt that it was in his power to mould her like so much wax. As they were living now, she dreaded his returns and yet feared his departures, for her life was to her a riddle, and she could not understand his way. " Going! Away ?" said June anxiously, as she clung to her husband's arm one evening. "But you will not be long ?" " Don't know—perhaps a week; perhaps a month; perhaps two. June's eyes flashed, and she gazed angrily at the young man as he sat with his heels upon the table, smoking, and reading a French novel; " But, John, dear," she said, going up to him to place one soft arm round his neck, and lay her cheek against his forehead, " can you not take me with you P" "No; impossible." " It is so dull here, pleaded June, in a sad tone of voice. " I shall be here alone with that poor girl, Midge, and she is so strange at times, she frightens me." " Bah!" was the contemptuous reply. "And there is something about this gloomy old house," said June, going on her Jinees by his chair, resting her elbows on hiB knees, and her chin upon her hands, that troubles me." He lowered his book, and gazed at her strangely. " Even that poor dog of yours is uneasy here," she said; " What ?—-What do you mean ?" he cried, frowning. "Don't look crossly at me, John, dear," she whispered fondly. " I- don't know; only that he sniffs about, and keeps getting up and barking, and will not settle." "What foolery you talk," he cried, savagely, and resumed his reading. "I feel troubled, too, like the poor dumb beast," she continued, " and so does the Midge. John, there is a something about this house; that frightens us all." " Fools!" he exclaimed, angrily. Then, dropping his book on the table, he said with a brutal laugh," You see ghosts, I suppose, tall white ones, in winding- sheets; and they come and pull you out of bed at night." "Ihinted at nothing of the kind," said June, quietly, as a strange melancholy look stole over her face. " I only told you, dear John, that this place is oppressive to me, and trqubles.me. I thought perhaps you would take me away." " What stuff 1" he exclaimed. " Don't be a fool, June. There—confound it all! let me read in peace." He shook her off roughly, and a strange menacing look came into her flashing dark eyes, but something stronger quenched their fire, and, smiling tenderly, she rose, bent oveir him, kissed him softly on the forehead, and then stole to the window and began to work. She knew that the fire of his love had gone down, and was not even smouldering now; but her own was burning still. She loved him very dearly, she told herself, andno unkindness on his part could turn her from him. Certainly there was a spirit roused within her at times which made her blood course rapidly through her veins, and her eyes to flash; but it passed away as rapidly as it came, and she had a loving smile for him the next moment. The Midge came in a few "minutes later to tell him that he was wanted, and as he left the room she lingered behind to look gloomily at June. For though there was no opeii enmity displayed towards her the Midge had shown very little friendly feeling; looking upon her as an interloper and rival, and watching, with a satisfaction she could not quell, the increasing coldness of the man she worshipped from a distance. There was something of malice then in her smile, as she stayed in the room and listened to the Gentleman's descending footsteps, and then said— " He is going away." "Yes," said June with a smile, "I know."' "Are you glad?" said the Midge, "or sorry?" " I am always sorry wheirmy husband leaves me," said June, quietly. "Husband! Ha-ha—ha!" cried the Midge, laughing. June, started to her feet "with her eves flashing, and caught the Midge so tightly by the shoulder that the girl winced and cowered upon the ground. "If you mock at me like that, girl," she hissed, " I shall kill you." The Midge crept away from her and reached the door, while June, whose whirl wind of passion had passed as quickly as it came, returned to her seat. " Get. up, Midge," she said quietly. " You should not anger me like that." , "I didn't mean—I didn't want to," said the girl, humbly. "But did he tell you when he was coming back?" " No," said June, eagerly. " Do you know." " Yes," said the girl, standing now with her hand upon the door; and her eyes twinkled as she saw the effect of hex words. " He is going for three months." " Three months!" cried June. " Yes, I heard him say so." " No, no," cried June—" it is impossible." " And perhaps longer," said the Midge, maliciously. "But why—why is he going?" cried June. "'Bliged to," said the girl. " Getting too hot for him," she said. " People been about watching the house, and he don't want to be took." "Took!" cried June, with dilating eyes. "Yes; you're very innocent," said the Midge. "Yes, took." It must come to it some day. Father's been took lots of times. You won't mind if he is," after the first time." The room seemed to swim round before the eyes of the poor young wife, and she laid her hand upon the table to try and steady herself, and master the emotion that troubled her. "Do you know where he is going, Midge ?" she said at last. "what! hasn't your husband told you?" said the girl; and a look of menace once more flashed to June's eyes. "No," she replied quietly enough, " he has not." " Cross the water, then, if you must know," said the Midge, sulkily, "to the gaming tables and places abroad. But all the better for you; he'll make lots of money, as he did before, and then come back and spend it like water. ■ He did last time. Arn't you glad he's going ?" _ June did not reply, but sat thinking, with a curious look of resentment in her eyes. The Midge stood watching her, but she paid no more heed to her presence than if she had been the insect whose name she bore. But no; she would not, could not believe it. He must love her too well to be so heartless as to go away like that. He had been very cool of late, she owned, but still that might be due to his troubles; some thing had worried him, and besides he had been ill. He had had a terrible fit, conse quent upon some strange dog flying at him, and that had changed him a little. She would and could make all allow ances; she loved him too passionately and well not to do that; and as to the stings of this girl—for she was but a girl—what of them 1 She spoke as she did because she loved her lord, and she could forgive the poor child for that, since she was so repul sive that it was impossible to feel a mo ment's jealousy of such a one as she. So she smiled once more, and turned to the Midge, who was still by the door.: Why do you say such cruel things to me,Midge?'' -ike asked. " Because I hate you," wta the uncom promising teijfiy, Lave I eot seen him j kiss and fonale and love you, anu is so* ! that enough ? But not lately." sue ened, with a low laugh," not lately. I have not seen him kiss you for weeks,"' Her words stung June again so that she could hardly contain hereself, but she mas tered her anger, and the girl went on. ""Why shouldn't you feel pain, too?" she. cried. "It hurts me to see him go; why shouldn't it hurt you ?" June pressed her hand to her side. " It does," cried the Midge, clapping her hands, "and I am°glad of it. Some day, perhaps, you will he plain and ugly too, and then you can feel for such as me more than you do now." June looked at her curiously, and then turned her face away, for the girl's words had started up a train of rejections, Yes,' she would perhaps grow plain some day, and then ? Would he be able to retain Ms love for hex, when even now She started back to the present, for the Midge had run suddenly to the window which was wide open, and was gazing ex citedly down into the street,:evidently for-' getful of the presence of June. June's heart began to beat just then, in a strangely rapid way as a flood of ideas darted to her brain. Was sometMng wrong ? Was he in danger.? She knew now that he engaged in pursuits that set the law at defiance, and her hands began to tremble, and her cheek to pale, for there were voices below; then there was the slamming of the apron of a Hansom cab, and the sound of wheels, when the Midge turned from the window with a piteous cry, throwing up her hands frantically. He's gone, he is gone," she said; " and without pne kind look, without one kind word." The girl threw herself upon the floor, wailing loudly in her misery, as June rushed to the window in time to see the cab disappear, and the full force of her situation flashing upon her, she turned deathly sick, and clung to the window for support, For as she turned from the window, and the noise of retreating wheels fell upon the ear, there came the question, as if to crush herlast hopes— " Will he ever return ?" . And then in a hurst of rage which made her eyes flash with excitement she cried, hoarsely:— "Why should he ? What does he care forme?" " Get up," she cried then, with her eyes angry as those of some savage animal. "Getup. Leave me; I cannot bear you here. And listen, girl," she hissed in the Midge's ear—"He"is mine—my husband in the sight of God. Speak again to me as you did just now, and"-— She raised her hand with its fingers clenched, and the Midge crept away hack wards, trembling before the angry woman, who followed her slowly to the door,locked it after her, and then alone, made one bound into the inner room, and cast herself upon the bed, and bit at the pillow in her efforts to keep down the maddening cries of rage and despair that fought hard to escape from herlips. For there, ever before her was the idea, each moment growing stronger, that her reign was over, that her short spell of joy was at an end, and that bitterness had come in ail its force to her deserted breast. 