\ CENTENARIANS. Students who have devoted their attention to the question of longevity hnve, informod the world that, as a matter of fact, the length of man's lifo is increasing, and that q reason- able hope may bo entertained by ordinary folks of reaching the age of 100. This will no doubt prove a very comfurtiDg fact to those who do not wish to Bhake off their mortal coil too early. Mr Thom, of Dublin, has made a special investigation, the objeot of which is to ascertain how far tho numerous cases of persons reported to have reached a luiudrcd years or upwards nro true. This inquiry has resulted, in tho rejec tion of the great mass of cases on tho ground of insufficient and unreliable ovidenco. Touching the probabilities of the duration of life, however, the Scientific Ameri can writes:— "The late Professor Faraday adopted the theory that tho natural age of man is 100 years. The duration of life he believed to bo measured by tho time of growth. Ia the camel tho union takes place at eight, iu the horso at five, in the lion at four, in the dog at two, and in tho rabbit at one. Tho natural termiuation is fivo removes from those several points. Man boing twenty years' in . growing lives five times twenty years— that is> 100 ; the camel ia eight years in growing, and lives 40 years; and so with other animals. The man who does not die of sickness lives every whero from 80 to 100 years. -The profes sor divided life into equal halves— growth and decline— and these into infanoy, youth, virility, and age. Infancy extends to the twentieth year, youth to tho fiftieth, because it ia in this period the tisanes booome firm, virility from fifty to Beventy-fire, during which the organism remains complete ; and at seventy- I five old age commences to last a longer or shorter - time as the diminution of re served forces is hastened or retarded." , Mr Thorn's volume is regarded as autboritn," tive as to the great bulk of the alleged case examined by him. Chamlers's Journal, dis cussing the subject, says:— "Application, was made to the Registrar-General, or at least to his valuable, annual reports, for a record of tbe pastoxperience of the National Debt office and the various life assurance companies. There could be found only one case of ultra- oentonarianism recorded by (fhe companies, and only two by the National Debt office; whereas' instances were to be reokoned by the score, in otiier quarters. The Registrar-General, in one of hie reports, said : — ' Tbe distriot registrars have no authority, even if they had materials and leisure for so doing, to investigate the statements as - to ago made by the informants of death. These informants aro alone responsible for the correct! neesofthe statements.' In other words, the Registrar-General must depend' upon report and declaration ; whereas the National Debt- Office and tbe life oseuranoa companies insist upon actual proof of age. Henco tbe significant fact that the bltra centenarians figure largely in the Registrar-General's tabulated returns, but scarcely at all in the books of the office and companies just named." The same authority, after showing bow very unreliable the ac counts of centenarians have been, goes en to e»y : — "We have no reason to doubt the truth of this statement, and must conclude with a re- monstronoe against tbe practice of settiog down all statements of the kind as being exaggerations or inventions. Scarcely a week elapses without a notice of a death of persona who have reached a hundred years of age.' T« assert that all theao notices are false is little short of an impertinence. Here and there may be a mistake, but our belief is that the bulk of the notices are true. Nor is it strange that it should be. It is ; notorious, from medtoal and statis tical . observation, that human life' is lengthening. Old people are better cared for than they used to he, and there is a better knowledge in the art of preserving health. In fact, we have come pretty much to the conclusion that to die at an age short of eighty, ninety, or even a hundred, is very much people's own blame. With a good con stitution to start with, and with exerolsing due care, man or woman may stretoh out the span of existence to ninety, if. not to a hundred." This testimony and opinion will be regarded aa , consolatory to those who enjoy all tbe means to lengthen their days; but it ia doubtful whether it will be as agreeable to those who are des tined to finish their lives in penury or the Benevolent Asylum. Some donbt haa been expresul by the Age as to the correctness of our statement that Sir Andre w Clarke has been appointed to temporarily fill the office of Agent-General. The Argus confirms our assertion. We have only now to' add that the appointment was made four days since. The Minister of Railways has been engaged during the afternoon in considering the report of the board which sat to inquire iuto the charge made against the fireman Smith. His decision will not be known till Monday. . MrR. H. MaoDonnell, the Chief Clerk in In solvency, resumed duty to-day after au ab sence of over two months in New South Wales and Queensland on leave. Mr C. P. Williams haa discharged the -duties of Acting- chief Clerk during Mr MaoDonnell'e absence., Mr Cohen, of the City Polioe Court oifioes,' who did duty in the Insolvenoy Court daring the past two months in plaoe of Mr Williams, has' returned to his former position. After a very successful season, extending over four months, the Geelong Industrial Kx> hibition was last evening formally closed by tbe president, Mr J. H. Connor, There was a tremendous crush of visitors, and the large bnildiog was inconveniently orowded. The first half yearly meeting of the ahaie- holders of the United Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Company. Limited, was held at the head office, No,' 20 Collins street east, yester day afternoon. Tbe chairman, the hon. Ur. Hearo, M.L.C., congratulated the share holders upon the satisfactory nature of the businees done since the formation of tbe com pany, and was pleased to be in a position to say that the company had received a fair Bbare of btuineis, and be acknowledged tbe co operation of many of the shareholders In intro ducing their, own insurances. The losses tbe company bad sustained daring the first half- year were only nominal, and he might mention that tbey had secured, upon a lease, excellent centrally situated offices at a moderate rental.lt was moved by Di W. Barker, secondedby Mr Clutteo, and carried unanimously, that a oordial vote of thanks be accorded to the chairman, directors, and management for their untiring energy In promoting the best interests of the company. A Mr Ellis raised an Important point before the City Benoh this morning. He had been subpumaed to give evidence in a caBe, and on attending the oonrt learned that the matter was to be taken in the police magistrate's chambers. Thereupon he rose in conrt, and informed Mr Fanton, P.M., who presided, that be would refuse to attend In the ohambers, as he considered that every case Bhould be heard in open court. Mr Fanton appeared ear- prised at the boidaees of this statement, and said he wonld be compelled to attend in the chambers, Mr E11U thereupon said that if a constable toon him into custody, and marched him np to the ohambere he would go quietly enough, and he only wanted to raise tbo point, holding that a .magistrate had no right to transfer any esse from tho open court to hie private chambers, He felt eoro on the matter, because be was unwillingly called as a witness in what be considered to be, a malicious nrocecntion. The cbbo is one of laraeny as a bailee of some watohes. The sappoaed culprit ie under arrest in Sydney, and Ellis, who ie an auctioneer, had been called on to give some information in private to the magis tracy, without its being disolosed in court. The case is not important, bnt it raises a public question. The magistrates xerqise an option of transferring oases to their private cham bers, and iostanoes have - ocourred in which culprits havo been dealt with there, 'So that their names . do not appear in the news papers. Ultimately Mr Ellis gained his pojnt to a degree, for Mr Punton consented- to hear the matter in court, but turned out all the epeatators.. Our re- p"rter, however, took the liberty of stopping. The evidence was not of any interest, and tho case ie only notiooublo for tho question in volved of magistrates' privilege. William J. Grcensliclo was arought up at the City Court this munibig under painful circum stances, for aBseutling his brother, Ernest Greousiade. Tho latter manages a fruit shop for his mother, in Dnurks street. Defendant, who - is employed ' as u coppersmith, went to the shop, interfered . with the business, and nssaultod hie brother . without provocation. D-fendant apologised to tho bonoh, saying that he had bson working at anhntol during the day. and took too muoh drink. Ho was remanded for a week to get the poison thoroughly out of his system, There will be a great attraction at the eleven o'clock mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral to morrow, when the inauguration of the new ' musical services will take place. Oa this occasion Madame Patti has generously con sented to take part, and Mr Da Muock and Signer Campi Cellaj of her oompany will also aisiit, tho ocooinpaoimsnte for these artis's boirg played by Mr Otto Linden. The per manent soloists are Mrs Hoivitz, Mrs Cutter, Mr Stoker and Mr Moronoy; and Mr Alfred Plumpton is tho conduotor. Prior to Senior-coostabls Device's removal from Richmond to the charge of ihe, West Melbourne barraaks, a number uf liis friends - at Riohmond entertained bim at a luncheon; tho mayor occupying the chair, Tho health and success < of the guest were drunk, and by every one present he w»s heartily wished further promotion, It may be remem bered that for many years the senior- constable was . in otiarge at the Dis trict Court, and that in that capacity he gave as general satisfaction to all who had business with him as ho has evidently done in his career in tho suburbs. Mr Cosmo Nsvvbery delivered a lecture to-day in tbe Technological Museum an the subject of Gold, "There was a large attendance. The lecturer described the contents of the cases of gold ia the museum, showed in what state gold ocourred ia alluvial, quartz and pyrites, and how gold and1 the other metals were extracted there from. He explained the methods of ' washing ; described the crushing plant- boxes, plates, troughs, blankets and tailings— and showed all the different workings to extract the metals whioh qnartz contuins, Mr Newbery also showed what amalgamation meant, and exhibited some amalgam, pointing out aleo the uses of ' the retort and melting pote. The lecturer next dwelt on the uses of gold, for money or orna ments, and iu tbo laboratory ebowod the method of assaying and the treatment of chlorine. A Chinese, named Lee Kio Chum, aged 54, and living in Little Bourke street, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital last night, suffering from a brnised face, caused by his having been assaulted by some young roughs. The man was debilitated from the nee of opium. An Adelaide paper mentions that a newly- married pair, on their honeymoon trip, having' occasion to go from Port Augusta to a place near tberailway line, took their tickets the other day and proceeded on their journey, but, finding that tbe train did not atop neat their place of destination, they came to the con clusion that tbey would get out without waiting for the train to pu'l up, and fortnaateiy wore able to oarry nut their intention wltb no worse results-Yban a slight shock, a sprawl in the dirt, and, iu the caso of tho female, » liberal display of stockinga. Rajoloiog in their_ success, they proceeded on their way,- blessing the snail-like pace for whioh onr northern line is becoming proverbial; but, alas ! their trouble, instead of being at an end, hnd ecarcely beguo. Somebody 1 re ported that a man had thrown his wife out of tho traio, and tumbled out after her. The matter was taken up by the police at Quorn, and the husband had to submit to an involuntary appearance before the S.M. at Port Augusta. The matter having been explained, however, the railway authorities deolined to proceod with the prosecution. We would, however, einoerely recommend travel lers on the line not to imitate this oxample, as the trains do sometimes travel at the rate of seven miles an hour, and even at suoh a moder- iterate a jump might result in broken limbs, or even loss of life. Mr Andrew O'Keefe. a well-known settler on the Campnspie, gives an instance of the diffi culty of obtaining suitable or any labor ia the district. A. few days since he wanted to dear a sixty acre paddock, and put on 30 men. Ooly three of them, however, remained above a week, most preferring, indeed, Qto get a supply of rations and then to olear for another innohe. Tbe Geelong Advertiser writes :— Mr Gate house, senior, denies that ha or his son were concerned in tbe indignity practised upon an old man recently in a hairdresser's Bhop in this town. NothwitbBtaoding this, however, we learn from Mr Price, solicitor, of this towa, that he has been instructed to proceed against tbe Messrs Gatehouse by civil action at the next looal County Court. Damages are fixed at £49. The Theatre Royal will doubtless be crowded this evening, on tne occasion of the production of an entirely new drama, written expressly for Mr Grattan Rigga by Mr Wybert Reave, and produced under his personal superintend ence. The plot of the story rests upon the adventures of a stolen obild, com plicated by various untoward circumstances. The scene being laid in Australia, opportunities are taken of producing purely looal effects such as scenes on a goidfietd, an inundation, a kangaroo hunt, &c.; The dialogue is. lively, and the plot interesting, while every effort has been made to render the sensational scenes with that lavishness of stage requirement and artistic attention to general effect aa well as minute detail which have always characterised the Royal. A full attendance is Inevitable. The programme at tbe People's Theatre ia again altered to-night. The resources of the company seem to be practically unlimited, and a number of entirely new aota are announced, which would seem to promise au entertain ment, if possible, more amusing and diversi fied than has yet been produced. The perfor mances of the MammotnOombination are most popnlar, and they have had a lengthened and good season. The coming week, which will be their last, will doubtless be especially marked by a continuation of the appreciative audiences which tbey have had hitherto. Oa Saturday night next the Unole Tom troupe will appear in an entirely new piece entitled Pomp, or Life Before tbe War. To- night the brilliant series of conoerts un der the name of Mdlle, Patti come to an end with the tenth and last, in the Town Hail. The programme is admirably selected, and Is one of tbe best yet offered by the agglomera tion of talent .this celebrated oantatriae has gathered round her. The Town Hall will1 doubtlesB be orowded to bid Mdlle. Patti a farewell whioh shall be worthy of a publio which has earned sucb a repntation for intelli gent discrimination and cordial appreciation. The lady will most certainly not be able to' complain that Melbourne audiences are qnlck not only to recognise talent, bnt to award its full meed of approbation. The production ofH.M.S. Pinafore at the Academy of Musio by Mrs Lewis's Juvenile Pinafore Company Is an assured suooeas, The popnlar piece bos attracted large audlenees during the week. It will be repeated until further notice. Professor Pepper's ghosts continue to be au attraction. of the first , order at St. George's Hall, and their clever, genial exoroist Is nightly greeted with lond applause. The entertain ment can be seen every night without impair ing tbe first pleaaant, impressions, An addi tional attraction is fauna in tbe psrson of Mies Octavla Lane,, who sings verv nicely and lends her voice to the Professor's illusions in a man ner which adds greatly to the effect, On Monday evening the members of the Royal Armenian . Lodge of Royal Ante diluvian Buffaloes will give a drama tic and musical entertainment at , tbe Tem perance Hall. - Members of the lodge assisted by some lady amateurs, will first pro duce Tbe Bachelor of Arts, after which there will be a ooncert, the entertainment winding up wltb a ball. Particulars are advertised. 