PENRITH. I . , (From a Correspondent?) ' His Grace tho Archbishop of Sydney arrived ' ' here on last Saturday at 3 o'clock p.m., accom_ panied by the Roy. Mr. Butler, M.A., St. John's College. He was met at the station by Father Phelan, the pastor of tlie district, who drove him in his own vehicle to tho presbytery. His Grace appeared in excellent health and spirits, and remarked how gratified ho felt at tho nice ap pearance of the church, the presbytery, and grounds. On Sunday morning his Grace said Mass at half-paat 8 o'clock, and gave Holy Communion to the candidates for Confirmation, assisted by the Rev. Mr. En tier. After the 11 o'clock Mass, which was suid by the Rev. J. Phelan, his Grace administered the Holy Sacrament of Continuation ; but before doing eo addressed tho children — ninety-six in number — in pimple and beautiful language, explaining the nature of tho Sacrament which they wore about' to receive, and tho dispositions necessary for its reception, and. the great, advan tages derived from it. After Confirmation lie again addressed the children, and t old them t hat they had now received tho Holy Ghost, — that they had now become soldiers of Jesus Christ — that their fight in future would be under the banner of the Cross. Ho pointed out to them in forcible language the vir tues they were, in future fo° practise, and the dangers which they had to encounter in their journey through life, and how to avoid them ; he told that those dangers and trials should never cease until they closed their eyes in death. In conclusion ho expressed his delight' at the religious demeanour of the children and their subdued manners, and passed a well-merited eulogium on tho Sisters of St. Joseph, who t each t hese children aid watch over (hem with more than parental care. At half-past throe o'clock Iub Grace wa3 pre sented witii an address on behalf of the Catholics of tho district;, which was read by J. M'Carthy, Esq., J.P., of Cranebrook. The main purport of the address was to welcome his Gre.ee to Pen rith and to compliment him for the noble stand he had made in behalf of religion and Christ ian education, and t o wish him length of days to per form thoso high and sacred duties to which lie had been called. In reply his Grace thanked most cordially the Catholics of Penrit h for their kindnesss and good wishes, and declared that, as long as life remained with him, he would use thoso faculties given him by his Creator for the advancement of religion, Christian education, and morality. After liis reply lie went on to deliver the address which he had promised, in aid of the convent ; and for fully an hour spoke in the purest and sublimest eloqueneo on tho Divine institution of the Catholic Church, her unity and perpetuity. He paid a high t ribute of praise to the Irish people for thoir steadfastness in tho faith from the days of St,. Patrick to the present day, and concluded by making a powerful appeal to his hearers to aid in wiping off the debt on their convent. Ho was listened to throughout with breathless attention, many of his hearers being Protestants of various denominations. The collection was a very respectable one, liis Grace, Mr. M'Carthy, Mr. R. Waring, Mr. Cross, and Mrs. Tribo paying each £5. Tho Archbishop left Penrith on Monday ? orn ing by tho 10 o'clock train, carrying with him the blessings and thanks of tho people, and highly ploaBod with his visit to Penrith. November 17th, 1880. 