SOUTH AUSTRALIA. AnDEAInD, Oct.. 8. The second reading of the Northern Territory Sugar Plantation Bill was carried in the Legislative Council to-day after considerable opposition. The Chief Secretary's office has been connected with the offices of other Ministers and Parliament-house by the telephone. The master coachmakers and machinists at Mount Gambier have resolved to insist on their men working nine hours daily after Monday next. The men have offered to work 561 hours weekly, but the em ployers insist on 53, or they will lock-out the employes. .The men have now pledged themselves to cease work rather than agree. At a meeting of the committee of the Jockey Club to-day, the disqualification of Bancroft was endorsed. Alexander, manager of the Australian Eleven, has written offering to play a match at Mount Gambier on the return of the Eleven. Oct. 10. 1ine applications have been made to the Minister of the Northern Terri tory for large blocks of land for sugar plantation, independent of Spence and Owston's and De Lissa Com pany, but nothing will be done towards deciding on the applications pending the passing of the Sugar Cultivation Bill now before Parliament. The Minister has in formed the applicants that the maximum area to be granted in any single case cannot exceed 5000 acres, and that each applicant will have to show that he intends in a bonafe ide manner to cultivate sugar on the land taken up. The threatened strike of the tradesmen at Mount Gambier has partially collapsed, and the men, with few exceptions, be longing to one establishment are going to work to-morrow, the proprietor of which proceeds to Melbourne to-morrow for fresh hands. A poll taken at Mount Gamber resulted in the Council being authorised to borrow £3000 to build a town hall and offices. It is reported from Edithburg that the supposed deckhouse, which it was be lieved belonged to the Georgina, turns out to be a ship's cow stall. The return match between 15 men of the South Australia National Rile Asso. ciation and a like number of the Perth Metropolitan Rifle Association was fired on Saturday, and again resulted in favour of Western Australia by 52 points, they scoring 1438 against South Australia 1386\. Six Martini-Henrys were used. Wheat very firm; 4s 4d freely offered for shipping parcels, delivered at Port Adelaide ; no sellers. Country flour offered at £9 5s; town brands worth £10 5S. The shares in the Farmers' Co-opera tive Agency have been rapidly taken up. It is not proposed to issue more than 50,000 shares at present. Preparations are being made for an early trial ship ment of wheat. *Professor Pepper opened at Garner's Theatre with the ghost illusion last night to a good house. 