RUSSIAN REFORMS. It is generally the case that when an instalment of reform is granted in Russia sanguine expectations are formed as tc the future. Hence, as a rule, evert change has to be tollowed by a process that resembles putting on the brake. Something of this kind is transpiring now. A most important piece of work has been successfully performed by Count Loria Melikoff. Nihilism has been effectually checked, tranquillity re stored, the Supreme Executive Commis sion abolished, and several administrative changes 'introduced. The Czar's ukase of August which announced the wel come news was received with general gladness, and -forthwith extravagant hopes began to be indulged. Count Melikoff has thought it desirable to check these expectations, and has done so, in a characteristically original fashion. *The Count has the habit of adopting methods of his own to accomplish his objects; and their novelty as well as their, judiciousness contributes to their success. When deal ing with the Nihilists he refused to* be either intimidated or irritated ; he did not follow precedent in fulminating menaces, but took a line of his own. ; One of his plans was to put himself -L in com munication with leaders., in the movement, and' by sileccing them to neutralize .the mischief of their Bystem. He has now adopted tactics' of a similar kind with regard to the popular Press. Russian organs of public opinion have, of course, freely commented on the expected and essential reforms. When such expressions of opinion are regarded as offensive and injurious despotic Govern ments usually ' only know one way of restraining them. Cudgel law is the means ordinarily resorted to, and undue freedom of speech is visited by suppres sion. Count Melikoff has found a mere excellent way. A short time ago he called the Editors of the chief metropolitan journals together, and explained to them the Government programme concerning in ternal reforms. His avowed object wa3 that the Press 'might in future 'be restrained 'from indulging in illusions, and from maliciously stirring up society.' Some sections of the Press resentwith more or less vehemence the implication that they do indulge in illusions. It is declared that there is a frightful amount of distress actually existing which calls for imme diate relief, and that this is no fictitious evil that has been worked up for effect, but directly results from the economic condition of Russia. At the same time it is generally agreed he has done good service by thus authoritatively indicating his policy for the next few years. He has shown the gentlemen connected with the Press what it is useless for them to demand, and how the use made of their enlarged liberty will be tolerated, while also indicating in what direction they are free to exercise their influence for the public good. When the Kraanoe-selo decroe was pub lished a little reflection showed that it effected far fewer changes than was at first supposed. Disappointment was checked by the further reflection that the illustrious man who had restored tran quillity to Russia was at the head of affairs, aud inigLt be trusted to prosecute the woik he had so ably begun. This confi dence continues, and Count Slelikoff is doing much to justify it. He will certainly not B^tiafy the advocates of heroic remedies for national grievance, fcr he chooses a path having noth ing revolutiosixy about it. Instead of 'startling everybody and winning enthusiastic applause by promulgating important constitutional changes, he has ; determined to secure the effective working of existing institutions as far as possible with as little outward variation as prac ticable. Adaptation rather than altera tion appears.to be his object. This is a far less brilliant mode of operation thau the other, but is not on that account less likely to be successful in the long run. Among the moat frequent suggestions of political reformers is that of convoking the Zemskie Sobory. Not only newspaper Editors but political writers generally strongly urge the reassembling of this ancient ' Council or- Parlia ment of the Czars. Count Molikoff, however, distinctly states that nothing of this kind is in contemplation, and ho objects to agitation on the subject Evidently he is opposed to any such centralizing of representative influence, and the advanoe he proposes in the direc tion ef self-government is in precisely the opposite direction. While maintain ing the autocracy unimpaired ho sees that some concession must be mad 9 to the spirit of the times, and intends meeting the demand by enlarging the powers of the Land Assemblies for the conduct of affairs in their respective localities. Ho announces one part of his programme to - consist in giving the provincial institu tions ' more independence, with a wider jurisdiction, bo that the necessity in every insignificant case of applying foi authority- to St. Petersburg may bo avoided.' It is, therefore, in the direction of decentralization so far as administra tive details are concerned that he intends to proceed, and there is no doubt much to be said in favour of this principle. The Russian Empire is so vast, and the conditions ot liro vary so materially in different parts, that a central administra tion, however patriotic and skilful, can hardly bo expected to act effectively in all emergencies that m&y; arise. Moreover, it is notorious that the capital and the provinces represent two distinct aspects. St. Petersburg has copied the manners and absorbed the ideas of Western Europe in much larger measure than any other part of the Czar's dominions. It is Frenchified to such an extent that its sympathy with the typical life of Russia has been lessened. Any attempt suddenly to modify Russian institutions on a uniform plan would certainly involve embarrassment, if it did not end in failure or something worse. Connt Melikoff proves his sagacity by declining to make any attempt in this direction, and is pursuing a wiser as well as a safer course in meeting the diversified wants of the people by local arrangements. Already he has ordered a revision of several local governments, and he proposes ' on the basis of this revision to satisfy as far as possible the wishes and needs of the people, having regard also to their economical condition.' By this method it 1b expected that the wants and the condition of the population in the different provinces will be provided for as well as ascertained. Count Melikoff has thus early given proof that as Minister of the Interior he will not abate any of the energy and wisdom which he displayed as chief of the Supreme Executive Commission. Having succeeded in the more difficult task of grappling with the Nihilistic enemy of national life, he is stimulated in his efforts to promote the national well-being. He will of course have great difficulties to en counter, and among the most formidable will be the eagerness of the. Constitu tionalists, A large class of thoughtful Russians ardently desire to be placed in thia respect on a level 'with other European nations. In their view auto cracy involves servitude as its necessary corollary, and they . chafe- at the idea of national humiliation, whieh they conceive to be perpetuated by the absence of a Constitution. Thare are others who firmly adhere to the autocracy as the best form of government for Russia, and who do not desire the importation of Parlia mentary institutions like that' of Great Britain, but who nevertheless long for the Zemekie Sobory to be again, summoned. The brilliant authoress of 'Russia and England' and other works, whose initials ? ?'O. K.' are so well known in this contro versy, fairly represents the latter class. According to this writer the two great desideruta of the nationalist party in Russia are the complete freedom of the Press and tha re-establishment of these - General Assemblies. It is carefully ex plained that the Sobory of past times, . though representative, were rather con sultative than legislative in their charac ter. Such gatherings have an im portant place in the past* history of Russia. The Sobory of ,. 1613 founded the Romanoff dynasty.' '' O. K.' asserts that, the Assembly was called together by the Czar when iu want of national advice, and urges that it would not diminish aught of his power, while giving him more accurate knowledge of the condition of his people. Inner own energetic style she says the Czar is omnipotent, * and the Zemskie ; Sobory would make him omniscient as well. Times are changed, and it is at least doubtful whether any representative *? Assembly would now be content with the functions of a mere Board of Advice. Connt Melikoff probably perceives that there would be danger in establishing such a Parliament, and hence his warning to the Press against indulging or encouraging ? expectations of such a proceeding. He ? informed the - assembled Editors that they would be at liberty to. criticise - the measures, decrees,] and regulations - of the Government/ on condition ? that they refrained from agitating the public mind with 'fanciful illusions.*' It is clear that his programme' of reform ? differs widely and essentially from that favoured by many thoughtful and patriotic Russians. He will not risk weakening the central Executive, or limit ing the autocracy, but will aim at meeting the wants of the people by developing and improving the local institutions. AVhether this is the best way or not, it is a clear gain to Russia that there in such a programme, and that its execution is in the hands of a man who has clear inten tions, a resolute will, and proved ability. Latjt Jervois'8 Receptions. — Lidy Jarvois will receive visitors at Government House on Tue#day afternoon between the hoars of 3 ? and 5. BxBcmrnt Gootcn.— On Friday Hia Excel lency held an Executive Council, at which the Treasurer and Attorney-General were present The Commissioner of Crown Lands was ap pointed Acting ?Chief Secretary daring the absence of Mr. Morgan. T.tTvr Jbbvois. — Among the passengers per Cotopaxi, which arrived from Melbourne on Friday, was Lady Jervois, who haa returned , from her trip to the other colonies. ? Hia EscBT.T.Kncr'a Aids-de-Caii?.— Mr. S. O. , Snow, who returned to Adelaide yesterday in ; the Cotopaxi, haa assumed the duties of Aide- j de-Camp to His Excellency the Governor. 1 ScpBfiiia Cocst Civil Sittings. — His ; Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut continued the Civil : Sittings on Friday, November 19, when the cause of Baragwanath v. Flynn was adjourned till the next Civil Sittings, and in the trespass action of Brown v. King a verdict was found for the plaintiff. The Court will sit a^ain next Thursday at 10 o'clock. Thb Austbaiuk Eletex.— In their match against the Northern Twenty-two .yesterday at Gawler, the Australian Eleven went to the wicketa first, and at the close of the play had lost S wicketa for 193 runs. When the eighth wicket fell for 103 runs it was thought that the innings would speedily close, hat on Palmer and Slight getting together they made a most determined s' and, and when the stumps were drawn neither man had been dislodged. In the evening the cricketers were entertained at dinner by the Gawlcr Club, and afterwards they witnessed the very excellent performance of 'Pinafore' by the JouDg folks, who have been trained by and are performing under the direction of Mr.Cranz, at the Crawler Institute. The match will be continued this morning at 11 o'clock. Voixhtmb Items.— Privates G. W. Measday and A. 'Walker have been appointed ? lance corporals in E Company, Adelaide Rifles. It has been intimated in General Orders that all recruits who have not yet fired with ball car tridge are to go to Dry Creek on Saturday, November 27, for target practice, and they are to master outside the Railway Station at 1.50 p.m., under the captain and subaltern of the week. Mr. S. Toincnrsow. — We hear that Mr. Tomkiuson has been asked and haa consented to stand as a candidate for Gomeracha at the next general elections. Mr. Tomkinson haa gone on a month's visit to Melbourne. Tub Bohdhb Ditties Coicfbrkjtck. — The Treasurer and Mr. Fowler leave Adelaide on Tuesday, en route for Melbourne, to attend the Intercolonial Conference. They will proceed overland to Victor Harbour, where they will be met by the Governor Mosgrave, which will take them to Portland, whence they will go on by special train to Melbourne. Thb Uhlbt Town Hixx.— The new Town Hall at Unleywaa opened on Friday evening by a banquet given by the Mayor (Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.) at which a numerous company attended. Politics were not much touched npon, and the proceedings passed off with great success. Theatbb Botax.— To-night there will be a return to the spoken drama at this Theatre, when Mr. J. L. Hall, who visited Adelaide two years ago, will appear with a company, in cluding some performers who have not yet made their bow to the Adelaide public. The plays chosen are — Mr. H. J. Byron's comedy ** Oar Girls,' in which Mr. Hall appeared before as Captain Giogah with considerable effect, and 'HJkLS. Spitfire.' Extort of Fkozhs Meat.— The u Protos, which leaves Habson'dBay for London (says the Argus of November 16), will take the first shipment of the Australian Frozen Meat Export Company. Tnis shipment will consist of about 3X00 carcasses of mutton, a fewof beef, and 65 tons of batter. Giffard's patent is the process adopted by the Company. It may be here mentioned that there is a great difference between the system of exporting frozen meat followed in America and that to be pursued here. The Americans put the meat on board ship in an unfrozen state, and merely keep it at a temperature of 40°, or 8° above freezing point, while crossing the Atlantic. But here, as in the present instance, the exporters freeze the meat ashore, and then put it in the freezing chamber on board ship, where it must be kept at freezing point. Such being the case, the Company obtained one of the Giifard machines ; and as another was required for the Protos, Messrs. Robison Brothers & Co. made one, which is to a considerable extent a facsimile of the imported one. The coat of each is about £900. Messrs. Robison Brothers & Co., however, had to depart slightly from the original in order to make the reproduction suitable for the vessel; and, further, they have effected a few improvements. Wltk regard to tbe process, there are two cylinders, into the first of which air is forced and compressed. Thence the compressed air is allowed to escape into the second cylinder, where, while passing through a worm-like pipe, it is cooled by water. It is next conducted into what is called the snow-pit, where, owing to expan sion, it becomes extremely cold. In fact, on Sat urday last the snow-pit in the Protos regis tered 47£- below zero. This place it called the snow-pit because the air. before leaving it, deposits snow in it. If the snow held in sus pension by the air was not collected there, it would choke up the pipes. From the snow-pit the cold air passes into the freezing rooms, of which there are two on the Protos. Tbe first of these rooms is reserved for the shipment of mutton and beef. The Company have chartered the steamer, and owing to demurrage for which the) would be liable they feel obliged to let her go before they have completely filled this room. It will, however, contain the quan tity of meat referred to above. On Sunday this room registered 23°, which is 8° below freezing point, and the meat waa in capital order. Consequently the machine is working well. Freezing-room No. 2 contains the butter. With regard to this part of the consignment the Company have taken every care to secure the best butter. It has been obtained from several different dairies, and the history of each lot in the London market will be duly observed. The entire space of these two rooms is 17.300 cubic feet measure ment, equal to 200 tons deadweight; and the machinery occupies only a very small compas3. Consequently the steamer can take a large quantity of other cargo, and, aa a matter of fact, she has 5,500 bales of wool on board. 'We understand that the Directors of the Company are so satisfied with the vessel that they are iu treaty for the purpose of securing her re turn in the event of the shipment being suc cessful. The shipment will be under the immediate charge of two practical engineers, who will so arrange their ' watches' as to main tain & constant supervision over it. They are picked men, who have been employed by Messrs. Robison Brothers & Co., and know all about the machine. As to the issue of the experi ment, the Directors feel sanguine. They have done apparently everything they could do to ensure success. The experience gained by the Strathleven shipment has been utilized. For instance, the meat Is all enclosed in bag*, which will keep it clean ; and the process they have adopted h said to com prise all the latest improvements. Mb. D. Girasos ajtd tot Courier Kelly. — The following is the petition which was prepared at Ballarat for presentation to the Parliament of Victoria in reference to Mr. Gaunson's conduct iu connection with the Kelly reprieve agita tion :— '1. That they (the residents of Ballarat) have observed with the- deepest grief the * position into which the colony has been placed in connection with the sentence of the late Edward Kelly by the action of one of your responsible officers, namely, thehon. member for Ararat, your present Chairman of Committees. 2\. They would not condemn but commend every effort put forth by thehon. member for the purpose ef obtaining either the acquittal or reprieve of his client so long aa such efforts were kept within legitimate bounds; but they submit to your honourable Bouse that it is simply scandalous that be should call public meetings and lay before such meetings garbled and one-sided state ments, all of which are calculated to intensify the hatred of the criminal class towards the police, and to bring the law into contempt We would specially direct the attention of your honourable House t» the fact that after Kelly had laid his fiendish plot to wreck a train, and in cold blood sacrifice the lives of a number of men who were simply in the execution of their duty, and after Mr. Curnow had nobly risked hia. life to save the train, your Chairman is not ashamed or afraid to repeat the infamous falsehood of Edward Kelly, ' that he had sent Mr. Curnow to stop the train.' Thro your Chairman endeavours, by repeating the criminal's falsehoods, to arouse sympathy in the minds of tee unthinking, and to still further deprave the minds of the criminal classes amongst us. 3. The only apology that we hsTe seen offered for your Chairman's conduct 13 in effect that he m endeavouring to make capital oat of this agitation for his own profit, although he has no sympathy with crime. We accept thij view, and tirje that conduct influenced by sach motives is debasing to MrcselE and the com munity, and is bringing a deep reproach upon the colony. At the very tirno that we have amongst us a host of the most intelligent men from all civilized nations, the colony is disgraced by meetings of the very scum of Melbourne, and by an agitation, sustained by your Chairman, that is a blot upon our national character, and an insult to the fair fame of this colony. We therefore beg your honourable Home to. vindi cate its own good name by removing your Chairman from bit office. — We are,' 4c. Thh Istobhatiojui, Scuimo Rbgatta. — Fhe first day's towing for the prizes offered by the American Hop Bitten Company took place | )n the Thames on Thursday. As was expected, :he two Australians, Trickett and Laycock, j liatanced the competitors pitted against them, ' :he winners of the other two heats being Ross | md Hoamer. The four men who took ; lecond place were respectively Nicholson, i Sawdon, Eiley, and Smith. Nothing defi- ,' lite is known as to the arrangements that ; :ave been made for disqualifying competitors, 3Ut it would appear that the men who came in ' :hird and fourth have lost their chance of ; rvianing the prizes. Tbeso men are Elliott, i Barrier, Largan, Feley, Gibson, Anderson, and j 21a*pex. Through the weeding- oat on Tears- | lay the number of batches for Friday j »aa reduced to two, consisting of the :ompetitors who came in first and second, : [t so happens that Laycock and Trickett have . 3«en brought together to contest the first heat, ; ?he men who are to row with them being 1 Sawdon and Smith. The other quartette con- ! lists of Rosg, Hoamer, Eiley, and Nicholson, j rhis heat has been decided before cow, ao that rhere only remains a grand deciding race, [t is worthy of mention that the time sccupied by' Trickett in his match with Badler for the championship of the Thames was 24 min. 35 sec., sls against the 23 min. 10 sec. occupied by Hanlan in winning the match on Monday last. It wculd, therefore, ieem that the Australian champion in hi3 race sith the Canadian wa3 not up to his best form. Ct is true that Hanlan was not called upon to put forth his greatest strength, but the same j :an te said of Trickett in his IS76 performance, | for he defeated Sadler easily, being to all jppearances fresher at the end of the course than at the beginning of it. Of the eight candi Jates who rowed on Friday two hail from Aus tralia and three from across the Atlantic. The snly men who are likely to give the Australians trouble are Ross and Hosmef — the hitter in particular. East Norwood Mckicipai. Electiojc. — A meeting of the ratepayers of East Norwood was held on Friday, November 19, to hear the views of the respective candidates for municipal honours. An extraordinary vacancy has occurred in consequence of the resignation of Councillor Daterer, who is to stand for the position of Mayor. Mr. K. St. Bathe Miller stands for this extraordinary vacancy ; and Mr. Birrell, who opposes him, will, it is generally stated, also offer himself as a candidate at the forthcoming general municipal election. Councillor A. Benson has also announced himself to stand again in the latter contest. There was a good attendance of ratepayers at the meeting, which was the second one that has been held, and the chair was occupied by Councillor Threlfall. Councillor Benson read a financial statement in respect of the municipality, and, in common with Mr. K. 8t. Barbe Miller, who was present at bis invitation, answered various questions put by ratepayers. Mr. Miller designated the conduct of Mr. Birrell in putting up for both elections as selfish, as wrong to the municipality, and as unfair to other candidates. Both candi dates were in favour of the erection of a new j Town Hall, Mr. St. Barbe Miller, however, j thinking that the question was at present not j quite ripe. Councillor Benson informed the meeting that he had not, as a Councillor, voted for the survey of the town. Both candidates favoured the policy of paying the Corporation labourers on holidays, and promised to ex press their views on municipal matters more fully at a later meeting. After a vote ef thanks had been accorded to the Oimrman, the meeting adjourned until this evening. Bazaab.— The annual bazaar held in aid of the funds of the North Adelaide Baptist Church | was formally opened by the Rev. O. Copland, in the schoolroom, Tynte-street, on Thursday afternoon, November 18, and was continued during the following day. The collection of goods, though not so large as is found at most 1 gatherings of this nature, was still as choice and | tasteful as could he desired. The ladies as usual had done the major part of the work, and the goods shown by them were characteristic of the good taste of their sex. It is not to be wondered, therefore, that there was a ready sale for the articled during tbe whole of the time the bazaar waa open, so that in all respects the promoters have cause to congratulate them selves on the success attending their efforts. The greatest novelty wpjj a pair cf brackets done in macrari work, which were extremely elegant and were much admired. In addition to the sale of fancy goods, pot plants and cut flowers were disposed of. while a large Christ mas-tree occupied a central position in the room. The following ladies officiated at the stalls: — Mesdames 6. Beeby, E. V. Joyner, Bogers, Smith, Neill, and L. G. Carter, aad Miss Talbot. Mesdames Bowden and Bullock pre sided at the refreshment-stall ; the Misses Allen (two), Bakewell, and Simpson had charge of the Christmas-tree ; while the floral stall was under the control of the Masters Joyner. SrDDE* Death. — On Friday afternoon the City Coroner held an inquest at the Black Lion Hotel, Hindmarsh, on the body of Nora Tatham, a child fifteen months old, who died at her home . on the same morning. Mr. T. Eardey was chosen foreman of the Jury. The evidence waa to the effect that the child since she was six months old had been adopted by one Mary Tatham, described as a married woman, whose husband was employed on the Govern ment Gums Railway. Some time ago Mrs. Tatham lost two of her own children, and shortly afterwards, seeing an advertisement in a newspaper asking for some one to adopt a little girl, she replied to it, and a person called on her with regard to the matter. She went with this person — a yourig woman of the name of Giif en — to a bouse off the western end ef North- terrace, and there saw the child. The mother ex plained to her that the child, ot which she had been confined in the Destitute Asylum, was illegitimate, and that the father had ran away and left her in her distress. She then took the child home and there reared it on the ' bottle.' It had latterly been ailing, but as she was told that this naturally followed the cutting of the teeth she had not thought it necessary to send for a doctor. She had a baby of her own nine weeks old, and she slept with the two children the night before the child died. A witness testified that it hjd always been properly cared for. Dr. Rees said he had made a post-mortem examination of the deceased, and had found that there were no external marks of violence on the body, which waa well rourished. The heart was healthy, but the lungs showed decided symptoms of inflamma tion, and the liver was also im'.amed. The ranse of death was peritonitis, with general disorganization of the whole system. Mb. Bcekett at Post Adelaid3.— This gentleman gave a farewell lecture at the Wes leyan Church, Port Adelaide, on Friday night, November 19, on the occasion of his departure from the Port, where ha had just finished a successful month's campaign on behalf of the evangelistic and temperance causes. The sub ject of Mr. Burnett's lecture was a visit to England, Ireland, and Scotland, also Gibraltar. Councillor H. 'W. Thompson presided, and there was a crowded attendance. The lecturer, who was listened to with great interest for two hours, opened with the fact of his being ordered home from Victoria in 1S72 through health failing after nine years' labour in the in terests of suffering humanity, and he recounted tbe incidents connected with his revisit to London, his native county, York, and other places — affording him opportunities for referring to many of the famous men of the past and present. The Rev. Mr. Stubbs moved, and Mr. Derrington, J.P., seconded, a vote of thanks to Mr. Burnett, which was enthusiasti cally carried and appropriately acknowledged. Mr. Burnett informs us that he starts to-day for Crystal Brook, and after spending a week there will proceed to Port Pirie. He hopes to reach Port Augusta before Christmas. It is his intention then to return to his family at the Semaphore and retire from public life until tbe heat of the summer is past. Pbofzssob Pktpeb at Post Adelaide. — This celebrated entertainer's second performance »t Port Adelaide met with even a better recep tion on Friday night, November 19. Tha body of the hall was well patronised, but the gallery was crowded. The programme, while it differed in detail from that presented on the previous evening, proved very amusing and instructive. The ProfeMor has a happy way of placing himself on good terms with his audience at the outset, and throaghout be never allows the interest to flag for a moment. Amongst the pictures which were exhibited were dioramic views of Afghanistan of a moit interesting kind. This afternoon there .will be a matinee, and to- night the last performance in tie Town Hall. A distinct programme will be carried oat. Proposed Abcam nr Adelaide. — We under stand that Mr. Brind, the manager of tha South Australian Company'* business in Adelaide, has recommended to the Directors of the Company : the erection cf an arcade running from BundLs ! street to North- terrace, in the centre of the I Ccrapany'a block of land between Stephens ! place and Bundle-place. The scheme, if carried I out, wonld be an extensive one, and woald no ? iloubt add materially to the value of the land ! between the two main streets. Mr. Brind, how ? ever, docs not propose that the fine large comer 1 shops — recently erected by Mr. Marshall, the ! mnsicsellrr, and by Mr. 'O. Birks— shall be i pulled down. These would ia any case remain, and if the arcade were mada they would be cot ; nnworthy corners of the Knndle-street end of it. A great change, however, would be made on Ncrth- terrace, where the Company's offices and ! the other buildings adjoining it would have to ! give place to the arcade* and the buildings on each side. Some of the present leases, however, '? have five or six years to run, so that it is not ; likely the work will be begun for a long time I yet, even if the Directors approve the suggestion i of their energetic manager. Thh Victobiah Ybah-Book.— 'We have re- 1 seived from the office of the Government Stat'ut ' for Victoria Mr. H. H. Hayter's Year-Book for L879. This work has secured a high reputation 1 Huong standard authorities upon Australian rabjects, and the compiler has been careful to naintain its character. Not only are the nsaal tables, elucidated by analysis and comment, I furnished, but a new feature has been intro inced in the shape of a description of the land system of each of the Australasian uolonie9. The accounts respecting Victoria, j ( New South 'Wales, snd Queensland were, we are j informed, prepared unofficially; by Mr. A. J. I skene (Surveyor-General of the first-named | :olony), Mr. W. Wilberforce Stephen (Secretary j For Lands of the second), and Mr. J. Alcock Tully ;Under-Secretary for Lands of the third). For reasons best known to themselves, I the officers at the head of the Crown I Lands Offices in South Australia, Tas- I tcauis, Western Australia, and New Zealand \ declined to furnish papers, but forwarded i earioua official documents, which enabled Mr. ! Bayter to compile official statistics respecting j the several systems in vogue. These statistics j were submitted to the Lands Departments of I South Australia, Tasmania, and Western Am- j tralia, and were pronounced correct. Prefixed to the Year-Book are voluminous statistics, soma of them relaticg to Victoria aloae, and others comparative. Tbe book itself embodies de tails as to Civil establishments, popula- j tion, finance, vital statistics, interchange, 1 law, crime, &c;, production, accumulation, and ! religious, moral, and intellectual progress of the ? people. Furthermore there is a chronological ! table of the principal event in 1S79, and tariffs ' of the several Australasian Colonies and of the i United Kicgdoin. A copious index gives ample ; facilities for reference, and a coloured, map of ! Victoria, although on a rather small scale, I furnishes much useful information as to the : physical features of the country. Altogether Mr. Hayter's Year-Book is a most valuable I contribution to Auatralian statistical literature, beipg, in fact, even more richly stored witti facts worth knowing than any of its predecessors. j Mbs. Baetbetz.— This lady held another of ? her special services on Friday evening in the Flinders- street Baptist Chapel, which was well j filled. The discourse was based upon those ;? portions of Mark x- which record the story of 1 the young ruler and of the blind man at the gate . of Jericho. Mrs. Baeyertz said the young ruler's j idea cf Christ was that He was a good teacher, . who would help him to do something to save ; himself. It was sometimes urged now that ; Christ was a good man. 'When she formerly - clang to her ancient creed she had never been i bo impious as to think that of Christ, for He ! could not be a good man and yet only a man. He was either a fanatic, an im postor, or the Son of j God. She. used ; to think Him a madman, and she be- j lieved that was tbe most I charitable thought 1 she conid entertain with her then convictions. ; As tbe young ruler wanted something to do i Christ bade him keep the law, and none could I do that. They might ask why then was - the j law given if none could be saved by it. The \ answer was, te show how evil man had become, ' just as a mason used a plumb-line to show the i perpendicularity or otherwise of the wall. A ; mirror did not clean one's face but it would ! show the dirt on it. Many tried to keep this ] external law, but all their excellencies of dispo- j sition would not save them apart from Christ. ( Some grieved away the Holy Ghost, and then ? could not believe. She could tell them of . instances of such that had been met with in the . work ef Moody and other evangelists. Mrs. ! Baeyertz then dwelt upon tha other story of the ; blind beggar at the gate of Jericho. After the . service nearly a hundred persona remained for j prayer, and about forty others stayed as enquirers, j Mrs. Baeyertz has a sweet though somewhat j plaintive voice, and during her appeals she ! created such an effect that many strong mea in i the audience were moved to tears. She mixes I anecdote and appeal freely with her expositions, | and her addresses are of a character likely to I attract the masses and to arrest their attention, i The Fwa*ce Cojemissiok. — Advantage was 1 taken of the presence of Mr. J. £. Fi tzgeraldJEsq., ! the Auditor-General of New Zealand, who is in Adelaide on a visit, to examine him .before the Finance Commission, who held a special meeting on Friday for that purpose. Mr. Fitzgerald is travelling to the various colonies with the object of gathering information resjpecticg their finan cial and audit arrangement^ and having already visited Victoria and New [South Wales, was able to give valuable evidence with regard to those colonies as well aa the one with which be | is intimately connected. , Theateb Royal.— Lystera Opera Company gave their last performance on Friday night at ; the Theatre Royal. Therej waa a very large j attendance in every part df the house. The j entertainment consisted of j' H.M.S. Pinafore,' i with Madame Hersee as Josephine. This was followed by a miscellaneous selection of vocal and instrumental pieces, including several of the solos performed at the concert given a week ago in the Albert Hall. Tile opera was much admired, and there were sejveral encores. The subsequent performances passed off rather tamely, many leaving before thvjinale. During the season of six weeks jiat terminated the j company have performed thr following operas: — Maritann, four times ; Rof e of Castile, twice ; Martha; Der Frewehatz, tiree times; Grand j Duchess, twice ; Faust, i twice ; Satanella, j twice; Giroiie-Girofla, twicb; Bohemian Girl, j three times ; Crown Diamonds, twice ; La Fille I de Madame Angot, twice; [Lucia de Lamtner moor; Chimes of Normandy; and Pinafore, nine times. This gives I a total ot four teen different operas performed during the season. The fallowing, though included in the prospectus issued before the opening night, have not beeD put upon the boards at all:— 'Don Giovanni,'1 'La SoDnambuls,' ' Kigoletto,' ' The Lily of Killarney,' ' Fra Diavolo,' and Thomas's '' Mignon.' We are not aware that there has been any promise made that the whole of the twenty operas contained in the company's repertory would be produced this season. It would, perhaps, be unreasonable to expect it. The management, have, however, been charged with a breach of faith to this extent, that they distinctly stated in their early advertisements that ' not less than three operas will be given any week ;' and they have not during the last fortnight kept their promise in this respect. We feel bound to state thus tauch in the interest of the public At the same time we are sure that the members of the company, who, we suppose, are not responsible for the arrangements of the managemeat, will carry with them wherever they may go the beat wishes of their very numerous friends and admirers. Thh Lottesy SwurotB. — Tha Argu.% of November 16 says:— 'With reference to an advertisement which recently appeared in a newspaper in Adelaide, setting out the pro spectus cf a Bcheme entitled 'The Hamburg State Lottery,' and intimating that a maa named Hirsch was empowered to receive money and issue tickets, it now appears that the agency haa been abandoned. Mr. Hirach, it is said, had no authority to act on behalf of the promoters of the lottery, and in consequence of the representations made he has returned the money subscribed in the colonies. There is now at the Melbourne detective office a sum of money awaiting claimants, but aa it is supposed that the amount is not sufficient to cover all the money subscribed ia Melbourne, any persons who forwarded subscript ioas are re quested to communicate with the dep&rtment.;' filTGAE-PLAMTCtQ IU THE NOHTHEBJ* TE8EI Toax.— The Xortkern Ttrrxtory limes of October 23 says:— 'The Douglas Peninsula 1 (commonly known as Cox's), with it3 hundred thousand acres, remained practically lifeless till Mr. De Lissa arrived at Port Darwin, and within a few dajs of that event paid a flying visit to the land in question, and saw almost at a glance that within hail of the finest port in these eastern waters there were tracts of agri cultural land rich enough for the cultivation of eugarcane, and equally easy of access by land and by water. Mr. De Lissa being a practical planter as well as a scientific sugar-maker, at once pegged out his selection and set to work without an hour's delay to clear and prepare his ground. He has scarcely been there a month, and the trans formation effected in that brief time has been simply marvellous. The ' head quarters' are constituted by a fine lofty house and store of galvanized iron, and a number of substantial huta are dotted about the clearing for the accommodation of the Chinese labourers. There are about eighty Asiatics and ten Euro peans engaged in clearing the land, cutting and stacking firewood for engine fuel, and digging boles for tbe reception of the cuttings of sugar cane. Mr. De lissa hopes to be able to plant 100 acres before the wet season fully sets in, but he should think himself lucky if he suc ceeds in getting in hali of that arpa. The noil U, of courae, of variable quality, but most of it b good pliable earth, caF^ble of growing any kind cf tropical or sub-tropical produce.' ThbPabxsidb Mill.— This building, which I bus been for so many years idle, is in course of ' demolition, and on Thursday the cbimney-itack } was successfully ' felled.' The mill was built i about the latter end cf 1S53 by the late Mr. ! Ferguson, of rear Glen Osmond, and was worked, we believe, only one season by the late ' Mesfrs. Beeby & Dunstan, the then well j known millers of Grenfell-street, since which period it has been allowed to fall into gradual decay. It is said that Messrs. J. Hill & Co., the mail contractors, have secured the site. ! St. MaeyV, SotrrH-BOAH. — The second I quarterly afternoon service at thU Church I 1 will be held to morrow afternoon. The or I ganist and choir of St. Paul's, Adelaide, will I assist in the service. 