DISTRICT NEWS. [frost Ona VAMOUB COBJUSSPOWDBNTB.] MUSWELLBROOK.. POLICE OFFICE, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5. (Before Wm. Bowman, E Bowman, F. W. Thrum, B. T. Keys, and Hon. A. Bell, J sPJ George Rodgers, on bail, appeared to answer the charge of using obscene language. Pleaded guilty. This being his first offence, he was admonished and discharged. ASSAULT Cook v. McTaggart : No appearance of parties ; case struck out. This being the day appointed for revising the electoral roll their Worships went through the roll for the Police District of Muswellbrook. There were none struck off the list, and none added thereto. SMALL DEBTS COURT-The case Smith v. Fawkes, postponed from last Tuesday, came off to-day, and resulted in a verdict for plaintiff for £3 10s. and coats Mr Foley, for Mr. Fitzgerald, appeared for plaintiff. A race took place a day or two ago between Mr. E. Smith's horse Applitt, and Mr. James Breckenridge's cm. Bally ; half-mile ; catch weights ; over Mr. Doyle's course, for £10 aside. Applitt went off with the lead, and was never collared by the mare; he won easily There is some talk of getting a match on with Fidget again, at heavy weights. I fancy the owner of Fidget is waiting for the challenge to be thrown out, as he is in no way scared by heavy weight. ELECTION NEWS Our town is all agog with excitement, on account of Mr. Clendinning having decided to contest the election. A good many parties think it only a canard for party purposes ; but from an interview with Mr. Clendinning, he says he means it and he also says if they look through the columns of the Mercury they will see that he is prepar- ing his address to the electors, which will appear in due time, also day and date of meetings. Besides Mr. J. M'Laughlin declared, rumour is also busy with the names of Mr. J. P. Abbott, Mr. Thomas Cook, Mr. E. G. D. Fitz Gerald, Mr. Argent, and others ; so that our present member will have to look sharp to keep his hold of the electors among so many good names as those mentioned. However time will show, and as we want two why he might stand a chance of being one of them. People's opinions change greatly in three years. I see by advertisement that Mr. M'Elhone is going to hold a meeting here on Saturday, 9th October; but whether to give an account of his stewardship, or an address on the coming election, it does not say. ACCIDENT.-An accident of a very painful nature happened on Monday last to a man named James Martin. He was riding in from Edinglassie, when his horse slipped, and fell on him, hurting him severely across the stomach. He was brought to the hospital, where he was at once attended to by Dr. Grigson. He is doing as well as can be expected. MUSWELLBROOK MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. The usual meeting of the above body was held on the 29th Sept. Present The Mayor, and Aldermen Fitzgerald, Glendining, and Davison. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The following correspondence was read From Mr. Sands, re Directory of New South Wales; from Colonial Treasurer, re endow- ment; from P. Curran, asking for percentage in hand for drawing gravel to park ; from E. Nicol, asking for £8 on account of sinking wells ; from John M'Elhone, Esq., M.L.A., re cylinders for well. Accounts were presented amounting to £10 2s. Alderman Clendinning moved, seconded by Alderman Davison, that the correspondence and accounts be received. Moved by Alderman Fitzgerald, seconded by Alderman Clendinning, that the clerk give Mr. Sands the information required. The Mayor reported that he had instructed the clerk to reply to the Colonial Treasurer re endowment Moved by Alderman Fitzgerald, seconded by Alderman Davison, that the accounts as per pay sheet be paid and that the request of Nicol and Curran be granted. Alderman Clendinning asked the following question : Does this Council intend to take any steps with respect to the sheep running on the Government land, within the municipality, now vested in the Council. The Mayor replied that it was his opinion from the first, that no sheep ought to be allowed to run on this land, and he would support any movement made to remove them-a very desultory conversation here took place on the subject, all agreeing that the sheep ought to be removed ; but no one liking to throw the first stone, as the sheep have been running for years on the land mentioned, the subject dropped. The Council then IOBO, but all acknowledging that something ought to be done in the matter of these sheep. AMATEUR CONCERT On Saturday night last an entertainment was given by the Muswellbrook Minstrels, assisted by other gentlemen amateurs, in aid of the widow and children of the late Thomas Watson, whose death I wrote about a week or two ago, at the School of Arts, and was, I am glad to say, a tremendous success. I do not think there is a better little town in the colony, where, as in this case, it was for a really charitable object. It could not be better supported by all classes of the community. The hall was crowded to suffocation, and the applause of the audience at times became so vehement that serious glances were cast by the more timid among them in the direction of the ceiling, which is, thanks to the negligence of the committee of the School of Arts, in a most disreputable condition. (It is some months now since a contract was entered into for doing up the hall, including a new ceiling) Fortunately, however, no disaster occurred to mar the harmony of the entertainment, and from the opening overture to the grand finale, the concert was a brilliant and unqualified success. Precisely at 8 o'clock the curtain was drawn up, and discovered a band of brothers about twelve in number, conspicoHs in which were bones and Tony. I don't think their equal is to be found among amateurs, for their grim would not have shamed the great Bent himself. With the few remarks I will give you the programme, which is all, that could have wished by the most fastidious musical critic. The overture from Cinderella was given with great zest ; then the opening chorus " Strike boys Strike," by the company, met with well merited applause ; then commenced the gun of the evening by Bones singing " Off to Charleston," and he would have gone there if Tony had not thrown himself on him, to keep him in his place, as he was wanted for the remainder of the evening. " Gentle Jenny Grey " by Julius, was given with great expression of feeling ; " Annie Lisle " came next for a share of applause; then Tony gave " Ring Ring de Banjo " with great gusto ; Johnson then delighted the audience with the " Little Old Log Cabin ;" followed by "Massa in the Cold Ground," which was the gem of the first part. Bones then gave account of the famous hen convention to say he crossed would be a poor thing, when the roosters in the town accepted his challenge and kept awake all night waiting for his appearance. " Hard Times followed, and was very well sung. "Cheer up Sam," by Tony, as only Tony could sing it, was followed by the " Hazel Dell." This, with a ghost scene by Bones and Tony, wound up the first part, and a portion of the audience was glad to go out, and get a rest from the laughter caused by the pieces (some of them original and local) given by the corner men. After an interval of ten minutes, the curtain rose for the second part, which opened with the song " Blue Eyed Belle," by Mr. Robertson to say he met with an ovation would be a poor attempt to describe the applause which followed the Bong ; he had to come out and give another taste of his quality by singing Farron's favourite " Tim Flaherty," and he narrowly escaped another encore. Next came the people's favourite, Mr. P. Foley, who re- cited that charming poem, " Mary, Queen of Scots ;" to say that he gave it all the pathos of which he was capable would be a poor ex- pression-indeed it was given as only Foley could give it; to an awful noise he came forward and bowed his thanks. " Paddy Ma- lone," by Mr. James Dunn, was encored, when he gave the last verse over again. Ellen Bayne, by Mr. Jeans, was deservedly encored, but he not being very well, was let off with a bow. Mr. Dunn then gave a sailor's hornpipe, and, on being called again, gave a real Irish jig. Gentle Donald then came and gave, with his usual success, the song of " There's nothing succeeds like success." He also gave a bow for the second song. This wo and up the second or intermediate part. The performance concluded with the laughable farce of the "Two Awfuls," the principal characters being sustained by Messrs. Budden and Brown, the Bones and Tony of the first part. It was really a laughable sketch, and sent the immense audience home laughing and in good humour with everybody concerned in the matter. The only drawback to the enjoyment of the evening was the disreputable conduct of a few young men, who are not of the larrikin class, and who ought to have known better. Of course, cheering and shouting are necessary evils attending entertainments of this kind, but that the more respectable portion of the audience should be deafened with the abominable whistling is something to be deplored and it is to be hoped that they will take this hint, and give a fair amount of applause, without the whistle. If not it is hoped that the parties in power will have them put out at once ; if this was resorted to once it would not have to be done a second time, for I think the hint would be taken. As this is written for the benefit of the whistlers, whose., names are known, it is to be hoped that they will profit by it, and offered no more. After this long digression, but a necessary one, I must wind up by saying that great praise is due to all concerned in this concert for the time given in the good cause, also to the large audience present, likewise to those gentlemen who could not be present, who sent their money as a substitute, among whom are J. H. Keys, Esq., £1 Is ; Mr. E. Smith, 10s and a few others of smaller amounts, who sent their tickets back to the secretary, as they could not be present. The proceeds realised from the above, with the donations referred to, is about £20 after paying expenses, which, with what was subscribed before, is a very good sum for a small town like Muswellbrook. This amount, as well as that collected is placed in the hands of the Rev. Canon White, to be used as he thinks best for the bereaved family. The new iron bridge over the Hunter, built by Mr. Burnett, is finished, and I suppose as soon as the fencing is done will be opened for traffic. At the time of driving the first pile there was going to be a great demonstration. It was then in the hands of the Mayor (Mr. Fitzgerald) and the aldermen of the municipality to carry out the suggestion. It is to be hoped that the opening of such an important affair (under Mayor Bowman) will not pass in silence, but that a demonstration of some kind will be got up. The weather is very fine just now warm, with just sufficient wind to cool the air. Muswellbrook, October 7. SCOIfcE. WEATHER-The old topic first. Splendid weather, but somehow the plants do not like it. The nights are cold, and the days hot ; very pleasant, but vegetables do not thrive, even grass grows very slowly. The rain seems to have came too late. _ BISHOP PEARSON We understand that his lordship intends visiting our district this month. He will preach at St. Luke's, Scone in the morning of the 24th at Gundy in f ' or afternoon, and at Belltrees in the evenúvc.°t'¿ the same day. As it appears this district considered too large, some alteration IT be expected, to make the work c p Aberdeen being on the south side Hunter, and much nearer to Messrs might very properly be sorts' DEAr' Brook ; while Gundy, and sores -j- to the east, may be deemed its 1. i ex separate minister. I do nrLE ticulars, only these thingp<jrrt> LECTURE. Mr. PreBcr *?'ï8î man, lectured to a few, of the School of Arts. mJraught very badly arranged in many understood JJ livered in the c* there being no parties made to Arts was sec next year, only about iHlity. Had overly will be taken, there is j,f; JUNOR, been give-' Brisbansfleld, Our? . Morpeth, tour'' STAN Inven TERMS AREDUCriO same owner No responsibil- paid for, and take Season comme] Invermein, Scone 12th August, instead of one, it is time some one was at least spoken of, as our second representative. Mr. M'Elhone, I hear, is sure to go in, but the people apparently do not know, and consequently do not care, much for O'Loughlin Mr. T. Cook is much spoken of, and, I am informed, will be requested to stand ; but I am also credibly informed that he has other requisitions, and if he desires legislative honors, is more likely to try for Liverpool Plains. It is certainly a pity if we have no one amongst us who will represent us in Parliament. ACCIDENT-A rather severe accident occurred a few days ago to Mr. P. M'Cue, blacksmith. He was up the mountain shooting, when he stepped on a short log, which gave way, and he fell to the ground, badly spraining his ankle. For five days he had to keep his couch, and, although now he is about, and up at the forge, his leg is still very painful, and is very black and swollen. NEW STORE Mr. M Campbell has opened his store and already I hear that the prices, of many articles are lower than a few weeks ago. We want to hear the mill. Scone, Oct. 6. GOULBURN «IVi2BS.-AWa> »CSTUSCr. Since my last the country about here has improved wonderfully in appearance, a id in reality, owing to the late copious rainfall, j Grass is now allowing plentifully everywhere, and the farmers have much better hope of a crop than they could solace themselves with a month ago. Snakes are showing out pretty freely. I heard of four being killed on the Goulburn River last week, and three on Hall's Creek the week before, at Mr. Ham's, Bloomfield. About a fortnight ago, Mr. Ham suffered a loss of two valuable milking cows, which were found dead in the yard one morning. They had evidently been bitten by either a snake or adder. On the following morning two fowls were found dead in the same place. On Monday last a young man, named Hennessey, living on the Goulburn, was bitten by a snake on the second finger of the right hand. The wrist and finger were immediately bound tightly by a neighbour, named Dawson, who also cut the finger with a razor, and vigorously sucked the wound Hennessey was very bad on Monday night.' in fact, at one time it was thought, he would die. However, I am glad to say, he r covered, and now is all right again. I I I am also happy to state that the & Parker, whom I reported as being very scalded, has now fully recovered. The road party clearing and levell new road Muswellbrook to Sandy H have made good progress, and expect a this week or next. ( ' I saw a petition being- taken for' signatures the other day again Gungal to Morrice's crossing burn, being proclaimed. I ki about the merits of the case, by the necessity for the road. V The new Pastures and S Act will, I think, be a boon.:? carried out faithfully. I see here the farmers suffer ver depredations of the marsupial especially wallabies. Any st that may be near the mouths of two or three chains wide as it had been neglected by the soon as the young blades shot nibbled off by the wallabies. We are having nice weather being warm, but the fighter was told this morning that the but cannot vouch for it myself, rise early. October 6,1880. COO ii t. > BONG. DEEP CREEK BRIDGE, Tenders have been sent to the Road Superintendent for the erection of the proposed bridge over Deep Creek. A bridge over the crossing at that place has been urgently required for some time past, and as the importance of the locality is increasing day by day, I am glad to see its requirements recognised. CULVERT. The culvert near Mr. Russell's store, which was in a very dangerous state a short time back, is, I see, being patched, though I consider it would be cheaper in the end to build a new one. LAND SALE-The sale of allotments and villa sites in our vicinity came off on Saturday last at Newcastle. The residents here, who know the value of them, went in largely, am I think the late owners of the land made a profitable speculation in selling it ACCIDENT I am sorry to have to chronicle the news of a melancholy accident which happened at Gosford on Saturday n A "Aw by which Dr. Lowson, a manager" and a boy called Boston met the appears that they were faced c means the boat capsized work were picked up dead, stab1 unfortunate affair, but "o' 9A ; * been recovered. -e To N WEATHER-For of at times. dev' SHIPPING-The By A T J 1er, and Dolly, wg SPORTSMEN was ' our rising and 'AXEMEN, a close fin and If A TNT WV Works oiJr JLiAll IP of anyone" Others IT th^TywOj^md Ten,) she overwound Five.) 4th- I am no responsibility, moved by the 10th of January, Sunday. JOSEPH ELLIS: 1880. 7119 X LIGHT STALLION, CK TOM, WILL S'" D THIS SEASON, / in; Scone. met 335 3s. Each Mare. N made on two or more by the ar. lity incurred, and all mares to been away by the 1st January, 1881. aces 1st September. P. K B, PARBURY. '1880. 697 