OUR C£Tr LETTER. QEbrom Our wn oorrespondent.] ; : ? Adelaide, July 21, 1880. The Treasurer has introduced his statement of expenditure for next year in the Assembly, aud it shows vary decidedly that while our revenue can soanoely be said, to be growing ;in proportiouto oar wants we are going on spending money in greater quantity every year. Itis regretable to obseiretlistalthough Mr. Mann was a member of the Finanoa Committee, whose report recently presented to Parliament threw out so many valuable suggestions astothe best manner of forming b®dgefe, that tSw onehe presented yesterday is^as muddied as those which hare preceded it. Ai Mail -no idea eipefaded ■ from ordinary revenue and that spent from the land fund, which is very un satisfactory. Xieaving this aside, however, it appears that oar expenditure for the coming year will- exceed that for the past one. by neatly £68,009 at least. The amount will probably be move in consequence of the foiling through of the Border Duties Conven tion" with New South. Wales. People are naturally curious to know what the Treasurer illtendd to do to meet this increased expendt- . tare. Taxation of course of some kind is sMieipated, but as yet so well hare the secrets of the Treasury been kept) no inkling of what : is proposed has Peached the public. Little ; faiflt Tean be foQnd with the increase in ex- j penditure whioh appear on the estimates. A stari of'£12,000-goes to pay for die new Institute buildings, which iB much needed; aftd £5,000■ more will be repuired for the Edneation Department. The representation of the colony it Melbourne will cost £5,000, and- the money will be well spent. It is strange, however, that so large an amount as £27,QM should be put down under that very convenient heading," Miscellaneous," and it isto be hoped Mr. Mann will be required to give sonde explanation as to how the money is to be expended. The increased expense in thePost and Telegraph serrioe proposed, and that also under the general head of civil establishments, should be looked into. Some body also will perhaps call attention to the £iet that notwithstanding the large amount of money already expended in getting rid. of rabbits in the oolony, we are to be called upon - to pay £5,093 more this year on the exfcjrmi itMon of these pests. It is assuredly a large gum. The Assembly have also been engaged in discussing the question of granting either #ri annuity or a lump sum of money to Sir Xiehard Torrens iu consideration of . his sBnreces in connection with the Real Property Act. It is not yet certain by any m^ans, altJiough the Government ineline -to the idsa of giving lum a pension that the Assembly will adopt their view. It seems to bj certain, hrtrever, that he -will receive some substantial reward for his work. - The Hospital Sunday mareraent has not yet taken a busi neas-like turn. : Another meet ing! has - beenj held "it which representatives of various churches were present, but despite the efforts of the Ber. W. &. Fletcher to get some practical motion oarried, nothing was done. There seems to be a want of unanimity onthe Bubject, and Bishop Short is showing his iBual want of* wisdom. One would have imagined that in a matter of general charity, sueh as the holding of aeollection on a fixed Sunday in the year inerery place of worship iu the colony for (be benefit of the hospitals and other charities, sectarian differences slight have been sank.; Judging by the tone of 'the" -meeting yesterday, howerer, -it eeema almost certain that even if the - movement eventually assumes a practical torn, it will only be a partial one. Thus Bishop Short is quite uncommittal, and decliues to bind the AngKeaJi; Cshurch ito take' iaity part in the. collections. He also objects that theAdelaide Hospital is not sufficiently re ligions In its character. I really cannot understand what lie would wish. The Hoa pltal is intended for persons of all religions and *fll-nationalities that ^letjuire medioal at tention. To my knowlsdge any patient in the institution requiring.* .Bible or any other religious works caff"be supplied. There are J^oliljiypin^ed Scnp&us; texts- bung xnj. ^e wsJfefto- wh*eh Eohject as being unnecessary. tWiat-iserecan 4)r;J3hort require ? . Can it btfthafceeme -of ' hisiate clericals imported from England hive-imbued him the idea tfrat-»e hospital can be proporly nursedun fess the patients ere attended to- by women wbo take«erfc*in vows Jand wear a more or lees .picturesque uniform, and call the head nurse " Mother" and one another " Sisters" Vntjie delightfully awthetir-al style. In my Ogiqioa it will bea sad day for the Adelaide Hospital if the_poor fellows who come there to be relieved in their p^ih and suffering are fctielfiftto the tender but usually utterly misplaced mercies of an Anglican sisterhood. Fhave seen and hare admired the work of women, not much educated, sprung from the lower classes of ISuxop-an society, who" in 3?ranee and Belgium, impelled by religion to aerFe, as i$ is±ermed, the sick in hospitals. Their lady imitators among the Anglican? in England howaver, -very, different, and I nncerely trust the day is far distant when the Adelaide Hospital mil ba- overcast by the sttMow of lady nurses. The present staff at the Hospital .iB an excellent one, although perhkps none oE the members can claim much apquamtanoe with religious sesthetioa. They rfiake no vows and wear ho religions habit, but so fat* *s public opinion oan be trusted they conscientiously perform their duties with zeal j and te/idemess. By all means I say let things be as they are. I have-been led into a , somewhat long digression on the shbject, hut beg to be excused on the -ground of warm j feeling. - Isinceraly trust that on a subse- ; quent occasion the motion for a Hospital Sunday collection burked- at the meeting yes terday will be carried, despite the holding goof - itf jttie Anglicans and the Boman fcatholia*. ;?Surelj it would be easy enough f<^ ttve' representatives of teligioua bodies who intend to support the movement to agree as "llH^.ehaii^es' among which the collection is ; febe tfi*u§«L -v • ' ly ieeK shocked, and wn inclined to turn ftfetOUiler'iinmodiately. It was elicited from 1^ that somewhere ahout 30,000 MQons of spirit had heen cleared through atirC&storos; in the oolany nominally for the fBHiilcatian of wine. How very nominally thto spirit of colonial make "was used for that j>8$i>0Be may be inferred from the statement of Mr. Boss that not more than 8,000 gallons £9uU have been used for the purpose speci fied.. . Not - for one instant do I doubt the statement of Mr. Boss, backed up as it was by Jdr. Rouusevoll and other memh^ns. Where then has the Unaccounted -for 32»OQ9 gallons gone? Is it possible that the fact that Messrs. Wigg & Sons and. Mr. Tolley, respectable wine and spirit -merchants of; the city, were to-day fined in the exemplary penalty of £20 by Mr. Beddome in the Polite Court for living in their possession certain labels of eminent distillers in England not having the ararning words « bottled in South Australia " imprinted on them as required by -the Act awbyting^anwiaerS) can have anything to do with with that spirit ? Further, can the Jactthat three if not four other eminent city firms of city merchants will to-morrow mate their bow before Mr. Beddome, charged with a similar offence, have anything to do with it ? Can it be possible, I enquire, that when I pur chase at a public-house Kinahau'e irhistey or IfoTtell's brandy, duly bottled and labelled so as to lead me to believe the spirit lias really been prepared by those celebrated firms, I am really buying the produce of a colonial still ? I feel much exercised on the point, and as one . of the public, am thereby entitled to get what I pay for, and to see that the revenue is not defrauded by clever merchants, I sincerely trust, the Government will order n thorough investigation, aud that any offenders found will be severely dealt with. I contess that for joy stomach's sate I occasionally drink spirits, but I object to imbibing poison, how ever slow under that name. Any proceedings that are taken, however, should be continued as they have begun; and if only the Govern ment Inspectors will go to head quarters and 'examine the stock-in-trade of the spirit mer chants, we" shall -probably .hear less about bad -^spirits being , sold : at hotels. JNatu rally; connected* -with tins subject is the very largely-attended meeting held in the [ Towfr Hiill last night, under thejiresidencyof Mr. Carr, to discuss fhe "Bill1 :f6r the amend ment of the liquor law now before Parliament. The assembly was essentially a teetotal one, and the speaking with but little exception was all on one side. - It is, therefore, scarcely fair to assume that because resolutions in favor of Nock's Act, and against any relaxation cf the law as to Sunday closing were carried that the views of the colonists generally were repre- , sented. Among the speakers was Dr. Joyce J lately a candidate for G-umeracha. I do not j say that his address was an electioneering j dodge, but his conversion to the temperance j cause is somewhat of the . newest. As yet there are no announcements of meetings to be held in support of the Government Sill. I do not believe pirsonally that any further legislation on the Sunday liquor traffic is needed. Nock's Act is to a great extent a dead letter because the feeling of the com munity generally is against it, and more strict measures would not I believe be better observed,. I am, in fact, so impressed with the impossi bility of rendering people sober by Act of Parliament, that I regard meetings either for1 or against the new Bill, aud in fact the new BH1 itself, with very considerable indifference. The death of Mr. McCallurn has caused profound regret, not only in the Treasury Department with which he was]associated for some years, but in the Government service generally. He appeared in his usual health yesterday when he arrived at the Government offices "and went on with his business as usual. In fact, until the moment when he fell at the feet of one of his fellow officers in a fit which proved fatal, no one had the least idea that anything was amiss. Mr. McAllum %i"as but forty-five years of age, and so far as is known was not himself aware that he was affected with the insidious disease of the heart which finally caused his: death. No inquest was considered necessary, as Dr. Grorger, who was summoned and saw the deceased shortly after he. expired, had no doubt as to the cause of death. The funeral will take place to-morrow. The reunion of the Liedertafel Society at the German Clubhouse last night was marked by a most interesting feature in the first ap- pearance in public of Mr. Schrader, the son of the late well-known leader of Schrader's Band, and proprietor of the Black Horse Hotel. Young Mr. Schrader has only lately returned to Australia from Europe, where he has been studying for some years at Leipsic as a musician. His instrument is the violin, and judging by his. performance last night he promises io be an executant of very superior talent. As yet there is in his playing of course somewhat of the student air, but this practice will soon remedy, and he appears likely to become an artist of whom the colony will one day be proud. I understand, that his playing last night excited so much admiration from connoisseurs that he has been engaged to perform at the next but one concert to be given by the Quartette Club,? which justly prides itself on being the most select of the musical societies in the city. ~ The billiard match between Mr. Kilkenny and Mr. Albers ended in a victory for tlife latter by a small number of points. As hinted in my previous letter neither of. the players were in first-class form, although on: one or two occasions some fine breaks were made on both sides. July 22,1880. There was somewhat of a lively scene -in the Council yesterday over the Glen Osmond Waterworks I3U1. Mr. Hay was irate over the rejection of his motion brought forward on the previous day for an investigation of the lull country near the city being made with the view of finding a site for a high level, reservoir for the supply of G-len Esmond and otlier suburbs, and showed that he was -aol Had lis motion been'carriedit would practi cally. have put on one side the Goverfimeijt Hill, which provides for a supply of watCt to the places aimed by pumping from a low; level reservoir, which as the Chief Secretary remarked was a cheaper and equally goo 1 scheme as that- suggested by Mr. Hay; while if the House had adopted his suggestions the affording of an efficient supply of wate=' to the suburbs indicated, which are much in' want of it, most have been delayed for a long time. The considerations did not, however, weigh with -Mr,. Hay. H; had I e iome thoroughly wrong-headed over the matter, and| <'onsei quently made an exhibition of h'melf. He had either foigotton what fc© bal said oil previous dar, or was noV fii'ly aware ofjgblie meaning of his words, for hs oper aidovsr again contradicted othir members who quoted his own sayings against him. At length his interruptions became so wearisome that the President called him very .emphatically to order, whereupon he retired from the house in dudgeon. The Bill was finally read a second time, and carried through committee, Mr. Hay during the process being in absen tion. I should not be surprised, however, if notwithstanding that the House is against him, he insists on a division on the third reading next Tuesday. Mr. Boswartli has failed to induce the As sembly to sanction his Bill to prohibit the use of any other lucifer matches in .the , colony than those known as " patent -s&f;&fcjr.;" So far as my own experience 'goes, such 1 so called "safety" matchesasare:to bepurchased here arc fuUy more dangertwts than theorSi naiy sulphur ones, in fche first place a por tion oft^Jtettg^ the ini^tdbj in an ignited statad^is^apt to be thrown off (sometimes for a.^oqfidej0^)le idiWkrfee) when it is struck, which gipt/ so with, ordinary matches. Secondly, it is by no means proven that I " gaieties" will not ignite except when " struck on the box" as claimed by the manu facturers. In fact, the evidence tends rather the other way. On the whole I am inclined to look on safety matches as a delusion and a snare. . They are certainly less convenient, especially to those whose avocations require, the use of matches out of doors, than the ordinary lucifers, and I much question if they are really less dangerous. Anyway, the subject is not one for legislation in the direction pro posed. The Government don't intend to put any line in the Estimates this year for the build ing of new Houses of Parliament. The ghost of that structure raised by Mr. Rees, who, it is said, is burning to try his skill in design ing a palatial Senate House for South Aus tralia, is laid for the present. An "Old Colonist*1 has absolutely con tributed, or rather I should say has offered to contribute the sum of £3, toward a fund to equip a prospecting party to search for a payable gold field in the colony. The offer reminds me somewhat of that bequest of a certain Lord Chancellor of Eugland who left a few thousand pounds to help to pay off the Imperial National debt. In the present state of the finances of the colony it is scarcely likely that much money will be forthcoming for gold prospecting. Equally in the same stylo to my thinking is the lecture to be delivered to-night by a certain Mr. Stimson on the " Dominion of Canada," the proceeds o£ which are tc be devoted to the purchase of a picture for the Adelaide Art Gallery. It is quite possible the lecture will be a very good one; I do not know who Mr. Stimson is, but probably he knows something oF the subject on which he intends to 6peak.. Probably so.me forty pounds wil.be. the result oE the move ment. That amount will no doubt pay about half the -COBfc of one'fairly good painting by an artist of repute-.' But "what then ? Suppose the picture bought, what are we to do with it£* We hare no Art Gallery, and wliere the money is to come from to build one, at .any rate for some time to come' I know "not. T fully re spect the energy Mr, Weat-Erskine has shown in a good cause in pressing "the sale of tickets for the lecture, but I fear it will be thrown away. ; .• A party of hands for sheep-shearing were despatched. yesterday from the City by Mr. Hunt for M>. Hughes' station on the Darling. The]season has, therefore,.it.iriay.be supposed, fairly set in, and work foi- those whqarewili ing friti be plentiful' : ■•.„ .. — . I ^ The-weafcher is still iTiteiiseIy coldvs.nd.judg ing from appearances I should n9t be sur-; prized if we had snow on our . streets before ' m^ny hours are over. 