LITE EPITOME OF NEWS. The following is compiled from, the latest papers vp to publication :— Dr. Allen, who was travelling with the educated pig and the armless lady, died at Maitland, last Saturday, from the ef- fects of an overdose of poison taken to re- lieve neuralgia. 900 tons of compressed asphalt blocks, for the Sydney Corporation, have arrived from Boston. This experimental ship- ment will be tested in George- street, between King and Market streets. The Hon. Neil Black, of Victoria, died in Melbourne, last Sunday. He was a colonist for 41 years. Two large pastoral properties in the Western District are reported to have changed hands for £230,000. 27 inches of rain have fallen at Casino during the last month. The young wheat crop on the Murray flats, Adelaide, are nine inches high. Mr. Service hopes to be able to intro- duce the Reform Bill, in the Victorian As- sembly, next Thursday night. Collections were made in all the Churches of England, last Sunday, in Melbourne, in aid of missions. The ceremony of blessing the organ of St. Patrick's Church, Melbourne, by the Archbishop, was made the occasion of a grand service last Sunday. Large takes of fine pearl shells have re- cently been made at King's Sound, Perth. An inquest was held at the Wilderness, near Lochinvar, last Monday, on the body of Sarah Lodge, who had died the previous Saturday, it was supposed from poisoning. The evidence proved that she had taken strychnine, while her husband was under the influence of drink. The is the doctor's evidence:— Dr. Pierce made a post mortem ex- animation of the body, and found that the stomach contained about four ounces of sour bilious liquid. He found the fluid contained in the stomach to be strych- nine. The dose the deceased took must have been a very large one to have acted so rapidly. He had been shown a paper containing a white powder ; it was strych- nine. It was also labelled Strychnine — Poison. There were no external marks of violence on the body." The finding of the Jury was: " Died from taking strychnine," The 'Australasian' says:—Winter Pros- pects in Victoria .- The weather during the week has been squally, and a considerable amount of rain has fallen in showers. The nights have been cold, and in the North-Western and some other districts frosts have occurred. The rain having come so gradually, floods have been far from general; comparatively little water has been lost, but the soil has been sa- turated to a greater depth than for at least four years past—an earnest that the crops will not be liable to suffer as of late years from every brief absence of rainfall in the spring and early summer. Feed is everywhere abundant except in the dis- tricts possessed by rabbits. A movement is on foot in Sydney, in favour of closing butchers' shops on Sun- days. A child of William Burchoes, grazier, of Topagundi, near Coonabarabran, has been accidentally burned to a cinder whilst playing near a burning log in a paddock. Telegram from Sydney, in Tuesday's Mercury; At the Water Police Court, this morning, a case was brought under the notice of the magistrates which dis- closed a state of misery and wretchedness seldom heard of in this community. Peter Hickson, a middle-aged man, together with a woman named Mary Jane Mackay, were charged with having no lawful means of support, and neglecting to provide for the maintenance of five children. The latter were found by the police lying asleep on the bare gronnd, in a scrub at the water reserve, at Moore Park, in a most filthy condition, and in company with the father and a woman of the va- grant class. The magistrates, in com- menting on the case, said it was very painful to see an able-bodied, healthy man, like the prisoner, living in such de- gradation and abject misery, and allowing his children to suffer such horrible priva- tions through his own laziness. His ap- pearance was sufficient to inspire anyone with disgust, and he was nothing better than a disgrace to humanity. Hickson was sentenced to six months' imprison- ment with hard labour. The woman found in his company, and who said she bad been hired by Hickson to mind the children, was sent to gaol for two months. The children were forwarded to the Industrial School. Great progress is being made at the Garden Palace in packing the exhibits in- tended for the Melbourne Commissioners The fencing off of the Garden Palace and grounds is proceeding rapidly. It is intended that the Domain shall be re- opened to the public as soon as possible. Monday's 'Echo' says :— The voyage of the steamship Orient is a feat in ocean steam navigation which is worth more than a passing record. When the Lusi- tania, owned by the same company, made the voyage from England to Australia, via the Cape, within 40 days, it was regarded as an event of some significance. But the Orient has altogether outstripped her sister rival, the duration of her voyage from Plymouth to Adelaide being only 35 days 15 hours 46 minutes, the actual steaming time at Sea being 34 days 1 hour 16 minutes. Her actual steaming time at sea between Plymouth and Sydney was 37 days 13 hours. The duration of the voyage between Plymouth and Sydney, inclusive of stoppages at the Cape and at Adelaide and Melbourne, was about 41½ days. From Plymouth to the Cape she made the fastest run on record, namelv 17 days 21 hours. At the inquest held in Sydney, last Sa- turday, on the headless body of a man found in the harbour, the following ver- dict was returned:— The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that they were un- able to say whether death was caused by drowning or the bites of a shark." The Gulgong Coroner (says the - Mud- gee Independent') held an inquest at Cainbill Creek, on May 4th, touching the death of a man named Timothy Bryan. Deceased's body had been found lying on a bunk and covered with a blanket. The evidence of a man Thomas Robbins, who lived in the neighbourhood, and had known Bryan for some years, was to the effect that deceased had recently suffered from a swollen hand and arm, which he told witness was caused by shearing a dead sheep. Dr. Barnard deposed that death had been caused by exhaustion of vitality, produced by severe inflammation of the hand, caused probably by his blood hav- ing been poisoned. The Jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. Great satisfaction is expressed in Ryl- stone at the Government sending them a Medical man. Diphtheria is very preva- lent there. The coursing season has opened in se- veral parts of New Zealand, Hares are reported to be very prevalent. While a young lady in Arthur-street was working a sewing machine yesterday morn- (says the ' Wellington Times,' of April 27), the needle suddenly broke off and struck her close under the eye with such force that she fell back insensible. Her mo- ther, who was near her at the time, ran to her assistance, and, finding that she appeared lifeless, sent for Dr. Tribe. After a careful search, a small punctured wound was found on the lower eyelid, but no conclusion could be drawn from its existence until the young lady reco- vered, and stated that something had struck her in that part of the face. Upon examining the sewing machine the needle which had been used was found to have been broken. Dr. Tribe was unable to probe the wound yesterday, owing to the excessive pain from which the patient was suffering, but he fears that the part of the needle has completely buried itself in the flesh, and that the eyeball has been grazed. The ' Newcastle Herald' says :—A cor- respondent at Akaroa sends us the fol- lowing :—" Mr. George Wright, who was outside the Heads fishing on Thursday last, got fast to a monster, which he suc- ceeded in bringing to the surface, but owing to its enormous size he had to cut the line. He describes the fish as being about 24ft. long; his head was something the shape of a shark's, quite smooth on the top, but his back was covered with small spikes about 2in. or 3in. long. He had two large fins on the back, which was striped something like a gurnett, blue and red skin. The tail was about 4ft. from fin to fin. When hauled up first he came open-mouthed at the boat and struck it at the side, almost capsizing it. The width of its open mouth would be nearly 3ft. The above account can be relied on, as Mr. Wright is well-known here, and has been fishing from a boy, but says that he never saw anything of this description before." The following telegram appears in a Sydney paper from Gunnedah :—The Quarter Sessions commenced here on Wednesday last, with a calendar of, fourteen cases. Judge Meymott pre- sided. In the first case against a man named King, the Judge told the Jury when they hesitated about the verdict, not to make mountains out of molehills ; the case was as plain as the nose on his face, and that if they retired he would leave them locked up until 3 o'clock in the evening ; this was at 11 in the morning, On Thursday, a woman named Annie Lehimkuhl was charged with stealing a tarpaulin, and was defended by Mr. J. P. Abbott. The Jury, not being able to agree to their verdict, were locked up; at 8 o'clock at night the judge called them in, when they stated that they were eleven to one. The Judge said he knew who the one was who wished to acquit, and hinted that he did so owing to im- proper relations between the prisoner and the juryman. This the juryman denied, and it turned out the Jury were—eleven for an acquittal, and one for conviction. The Judge then discharged the Jury, and, in opposition to the Crown Prosecu- tor, admitted the prisoner, a married woman, to bail, in her own recognisances. On Friday a lad named Dunn was tried for assault, the prisoner being defended by Mr. Abbott. The Jury brought in a verdict of not guilty. The Judge at once ordered the clerk of the peace not to record their verdict, and told the Jury to reconsider the same. This they re- fused to do, and his Honor had to accept their verdict, doing so in most uncompli- mentary remarks to the Jury, and the attorney for the defence. The ' Bendigo Advertiser' states that " Mr. Elderson Smith, of the London Chartered Bank, detected a very fine sample of spurious gold presented to him for purchase on Saturday by a Chinaman. Mr. Smith says he has had various kinds of spurious gold presented to him at dif- ferent times, but this differs from any thing he ever had before. The parcel presented would be about 15 dwt., in which there appeared to be about 3 dwt. or 4 dwt. of spurious; the specks were small, of various shapes, like most allu- vial gold, of a flat, waterworn appearance; the centre was lead nicely covered with a thick cast of gold. The centre being softer than the outside, and the specks flat, when cut the outsides cover up the centre and hide the lead from view. Even when immersed in cold nitric acid nothing wrong is discovered, but when boiled in the acid then it shows itself. There were several gentlemen in the Bank while Mr. Smith was testing it, but they all declared they could see no- thing the matter with the gold, even after their attention was drawn to it, and one of them was a gentleman whose pro- fession is the treatment of gold." Two dead greenfinches were lately opened at the College Farm, Christchurch, for the purpose of examining their crops. In the crop of one was found 240 seeds of the hog or bind weed, in that of the other upwards of 200. As this may be said to be merely half-a-day's work, the amount that a flock of these birds would devour, during a day, must be something enormous. The Sydney cor. of the 'Newcastle Herald' writes as follows with reference to the late walking match, in Sydney :— The men, after completing their 132nd mile, had a long spell from 1 o'clock till nearly 3. At 3.37 the board showed Baker 140 miles, Edwards 139 miles 2 laps. The pace now began to mend; EdwardB, who looked as freBh as when he commenced, made two extra laps, having each time to go outside his opponent. Baker was walking well, but a trifle stiffly, and 6 to 4 was offered on Edwards, but no takers, and although he was half a mile to the bad it was generally consi dered he could easily make it up. At 9 o'clock numbers stood, Edwards 155 miles 2 laps, Baker 154 miles 14 laps, nearly half-a-mile difference. EdwardB now put on a tremendous spurt, and doing bis next mile in ten minutes, made an exact: difference of a mile between the two Edwards at half-past 9 being 157 miW 3 laps, Baker 156 miles 3 laps. Edwards here slacked off, and did bis next mile in 16i minutes. He then came upon the stage, and asked for a subscription to be made for his opponent ; and in doing so' lost a few laps, which he quickly re gained,, apd when the cap was thrown up at 10 o'clock, the board showed Edwards 158\. miles 21 laps, Baker Jfig miles 20 laps ; Edwards thus winning by nue pile and one lap.^ There were over a thou sand people in the hall near the finish, and the collection made for Baker was £A 16s. 4d. Baker, on coming on to the stage, was much exhausted." Mr. James Witcombe, after a painful illness from cancer in the tongue (says the 'Hay Standard') died in Adelaide on Tuesday week last. It appears the symp- toms of cancer set in a few years ago, but it was not until lately that it had deve- loped and resulted in his sad illness, and lastly death. All that surgical and medi- cal aid could do was brought to allay his suffering, and he bore it with great forti- tude ; but his once buoyant spirit gra- dually sunk beneath the gnawing cancer, and the vital spark had left but a mor- tal frame to remind us of bygone days.. The 'E. News' says:—Death of the Governor's Brother: Lord Henry Yorke Astley Loftus, who died on February 28, ultimo, was the youngest son of John, second Marquis of Ely, by Anna Maria, his wife, daughter of Sir H. W. Dash- wood, Bart. ; was uncle of the present Marquis of Ely, and brother to Lord Au- gustus Loftus, K.C.B., late Ambassador at St. Petersburg, and now Governor of New South Wales. Lord Henry was educated at Oriel College, Oxford, where he graduated in 1843 ; and he had a cap- tain's commission in the Wexford Militia. He married on July 5, 1864, Louisa, Dowager Countess of Seafield, widow of Francis Williams, sixth Earl of Seafield, but had no issue. Also :— The second Australian team of cricketers that has ventured to do battle for the colonies against the players of the mother country have commenced well. In their first match they tackled 18 gen- tlemen of Hants, and defeated them in one innings, with 21 runs to spare. This is a great triumph, and the more compli- mentary to Australia because our boys had to go to work fresh from their sea voyage. A few days ago we published a ghost paragraph from the 'Geelong Advertiser.' The 'Hamilton Spectator' supplies the following :—It may be stated that Mr. Lissiman did not die at the parsonage, and the archdeacon never wrote that he saw Mr. Lissiman "standing at the study table," nor anywhere else, after death. What the archdeacon really wrote was shown to us, with a request that we would not publish it, as it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his relatives. As some other friend of the family has, however, with questionable taste, thought proper to furnish a very distorted version of the affair to the public, we have been asked to state that the morning before his death the Ven. Archdeacon Innes wrote and gave the Rev. J. W. Arnold a memo., of which the following is a copy—viz. : 'A few nights after poor Lissiman's death, I was in this house alone, and his room rattled so that I ran up to see what it was. I looked in the dark room and saw nothing; so I said, with a laugh to my self, 'It must be old Lissiman. What do you want?' Then I had an answer, not audible, but such as possibly a spirit can convey, 'Never mind, you'll follow me soon.' It was singular I never told any one.'' Mr. Lissiman died a month before the archdeacon, and the latter expired less than 24 hours after writing the singular memo, we have been called upon to pub- lish. The Mudgee 'Independent' says :— Our readers will recollect that a week or two back we referred to the sudden death of Henry Russel, at Coonamble, where deceased, having left his breakfast and walked out on the verandah, fell dead almost directly afterwards. A good many reports have been spread of the high social position which the deceased had held, but, if what the Gundagai 'Times' asserts is correct, then once more is ex- emplified the proverb, "Truth is stranger than fiction." The Gundagai journal says that Russel was only an assumed name, and was eldest son of the late Duke of Marlborough. About 40 years ago he quitted the family mansion through some love affair, and enlisted for a soldier. Finally he came out to Australia, his family at home having previous to this heard tidings of his death. Mr. J. Elworthy, proprietor of the paper at Gundagai, says that he has letters in his possession which estab- lish the dead man's identity, including one from deceased's younger brother, in which the latter states that he assumed the title of Marquis of Blandford and succeeded to the Blenheim estates. Dur- ing thus time the real Marquis was eking out a miserable existence as an itinerant tutor in different parts of the colony, and finally ended his days amidst wretched penury. The 'Times' adds : "The real name of the deceased was Charles Spencer Churchill. He was an occasional contri- butor to the colonial Press, and some years ago was a clever writer."—[Mr. Russel lived in Armidale a few years back, and contributed occasionally to the 'Telegraph,' a journal conducted by the late Mr. Frank Newton.] Miss Falk found an infant, about a month old, comfortably wrapped up, near her father's doorstep, in West Melbourne, on May 12. The following note accom- panied the waif :—" Please whoever may pick up this poor little lamb, take great care of it. It breaks my heart to leave it. I am a poor mother, and have no means of keeping it whatever. Please call it Lilian Hill. I am sure God will reward yon." Great satisfaction is felt at Adelaide at the result of the first match of the Aus- tralian cricketers in England. Telegram from Bathurst, in Tuesday's 4 Echo':—Recent discoveries are reported as having been made in the Trunkey district, 15 miles South of Tuena. The official report to T. A. Smith, Police Ma gistrate, states that in one claim of Hoar's, from 3 cwt. of quartz, a bucketful was taken, and, being crushed by hand, yielded 2 lbs. of gold. Thirty-three tons of stone gave 3 oz. 14 dwts. to the ton. ,£160 has been refused for a third share in the ■ claim. Three shafts are on the ground, from 10 to 20 feet deep. The width of the reef ib from three to twelve inches. Other claims North and South report the most encouraging proBpects obtained. It is also reported that, while prospecting last week hetween Milburn Greek copper mine and Grabbine, a nuqer named Mac kellar discovered a reef impregnated with gold four feet from the surface. Ru mours say that this reef is very rich. The locality in which the discovery is said to have been made, is situated ^ in the Cowra district, from which no direct in telligence has been received. Ditto from Adelong;—An area of 56 acres has been taken up at Grahamstown. The old abandoned ground and the ex tended claims for alluvial mining will em ploy about 60 men. It was token up by Travers Jones, and £5000 will be ex pended on ground which has beei^proved by the work done on the deep lead. The ground being wet will require powerful appliances, which will be a great benefit to the district, though it will take b'ix months to complete their erection. Mr. Bolton flfpljnaftiix, of Sydney, has purchased a residence at Adelong, and will reside here to watch over the extensive works. He has leased ground for erecting a 20 head battery, which is nearly completed. A man named Orandall found gold on his purchased land, the wash being near the surface and giving 0 oz. for one man's work for five days. There has been a small rush, touching the adjacent ground, which shows good prospects. Ditto from Newcastle :—The statement recently made that the A. A. Company intended to fill the places of the miners wfio did not return to work by Monday, 17th, with fresh hands, is being verified by the employment every day by that company of men whenever they can be obtained. Yesterday eight men were re ported as employed in filling Bmall coal for the company, and other fresh hands have been taken on since. A number of them have been sent down the pit to-day to fill small coal from below, but there is no doubt that these will be placed on round coal before long. Owing to all these men working when the pit hands are on strike, rumours were freely circu lated that the district men intended to roll up to prevent them. Mr. Turnbull, man ager, yesterday, fearing a disturbance, asked for police protection, and Sub In spector Thorpe accordingly appeared at the works early this morning with a strong force, but no attempt was made to disturb any workmen, nor is it likely that such an attempt will be made. Ditto from Carcoar:—Daniel Hanlon, a resident of over 30 years' standing, and postmaster at Bigga, committed suicide on Sunday by hanging himself. He was 78 years of age. The inquest was held yes terday before Mr. J. O. Dodd, Coroner, and a verdict of temporary insanity re turned.—M'Donald and party have dis covered a splendid reef adjoining their bed of alluvial workings at Wood's Flat. A woman named Bart, residing at Mo&nta; mines, Adelaide, while lifting a boiler of water from the fire, was lately seised with a fit and fell backward, tbe water going over her body, scalding her severely. She lies in a precarious state. The 'E. News' says:—A Welcome Reappearance: The lovers of high-class theatrical performances will be delighted to learn that the distinguished tragic actress, Miss Augusta Dargon, intends to appear in a round of her celebrated cha racters previous to her departure for Europe. Her first appearance will -be in the great historical play of " Queen Eli zabeth." Perhaps no other character al lows this lady such scope of display ing these marvellous powers which have won for her an immortal place as one of tbe greatest artistes that has ever ap peared in Australia, and Miss Dargon will assnredlv receive a great ovation. From a return recently laid before tbe Legislative Assembly, it appears that 8400 blankets were despatched to tbe variouB benches of magistrates during January and February of the present year, for distribution amongst the abori ginals. The least number sent to any one place was six to Murrurundi; the great est was 500 to Grafton. 400 were sent to Warrego, 350 to Wilcannia, 350 to Mac leay River, 300 to Casino, and 250 to Brewarrina. The ' Singleton Argus' says :—Power less to Save : There must be something wrong about a law which permits tbe police to see an unfortunate victim of in temperance drinking himself to death, and prevents their stretching out( their hands to stay the helpless creature from rushing to his grave uncalled. If the police are, as is generally presumed, the guardians of the people, a wide dis cretionary power should be allowed them, especially to the officers. It often hap pens that persons require to be saved from themselves; we frequently hear the remark : " He is his own worst enemy," and this seems to have been the case with poor Riege, whose sudden death was noticed in last issue. When drink once obtains an uncontrollable sway over a man, he should be regarded as a fit sub ject for police supervision and protection. Instances are not wanting of men who when sober are among the best of men— that is, when their inward enemy, their one great besetting- sin is passive. Why should these be lost because when drunk and incapable of taking care of themselves, they are neither disorderly nor obscene 1 One life, that of a harmless, talented, and most courteous citizen has been sacrificed, in obedience to a defective law, and poor Biege has found a grave less honoured than he deserved. Is the sad lesson to be lost 1 During the hearing of tbe Sampson per jury case at the Central Criminal Court last Thursday morning, the ladies' gallery was . filled with a fashionably dressed crowd of the fair sex. 