BOBBET EAIKES, THE FOUNDEB OF SUNDAY SCHOOLS. [By B. HI jiitEw- j ? Bobort Baikcs, tho founder of Sunday-schools, calljed also tho Gloucester Philanthropist, was born in Gloucester iu the year 1735, and died 1811\. ' The father of th's noble man was a printer and publ'shcr of tho * Gloucester Joiroal,' a paper of note in that day. I11 duo time Bobcrt lEuikes became veiv useful in that establish ment, and marifestcd, at an early ago, an apti tudo for compiling stiilrng incidents calculated to extend tho sale of tho journal. . At an early age wo find that he iras a bright 'ight. H's solf-donying labours were ofton mentioned by the Wesloys, Wh''tfioM, and Bow land Hi'l. Bobort Bo'kcs confined his zealous efforts to l-'s own city cf Gloucester and tho county for some time. AU arouud ho saw vico and m-serj'. He saw that litcratiirowas poisoned tt. the fount. The Press worked n Ith little re gard to 'principle, often selling itself to tho h'ghost bidder. . Tho industrial classes wore so besotted and sunkon that jails nnd Bridewells wore filled with men and women, young and old, horded together r.nd imprisoned for nets of violence and c'.inio, showing that licowas ram pant. These wore tho days when tho gibbet and gallows stood thick throughout tho land. Bobert Raikes struck out for b-msolf a new sphere of usefulness, nnd found his first class of Sunday scholars of the inmates of the county Biidewell in the city of Gloucester. Upon th's den of unclean birds he mado hia first attack. Blessed ' with untiring zeal, good health, and a face beaming with love, it becamo soon mar'fest that his treatment had won loyo in return. He was listonod to by many of tho vilest, whose eyes lighted up whenever ho ap peared amongst thom, pitying, sympathising* and walking so unblamably before them. - Ho- laboured like another' Howard, and had' tho pleasure (the inexpressible ploasure, as he says) 'of sooingsomo of tho worst reclaimed ; aiii some clothcd and in their right mind found peaco in Christ.' These wore the days when prison furo was doled out of tho coarsest kind, and scant in quantity, the ^unfortunate inmates being in a'greatmoasuro -depondont upon: charity for moat, drink, and clothing. Bobort Baikes, boing endowed with a good' share of prescience, saw the -best method of winning tho olass ho sought to holp. He had now bccomo proprietor of the 'Gloucester Journal,' and he wielded his pen to great advantage; - he drew public atten tion to the changed condition of his Bridowell students, and it soon became known that that place had becomo a modol prison. His- self denying efforts to reclaim tho outcast, his gonerotis and 'ever-activo; mind,* drevr armmd him tho admiration of all who' sought tho good of the 'masses throughput the country ; ho savr that.ignorjinco, young and old, was tho causo of so. much sorime, as in that-day - very .few- oould read or write, iuid,,'in7 many. cases, ,knew but little oven of the first principles of religion. Tho country fair, with pothouse; songs, revels, ami othor scenos, he knew was not calculated to raise the people. . fl'? la1ge Heart \^as s^uoh jnpved' 4a h| loak'tji around tho city, for ho saw thore crowds of children' half-fed,' bndty clothed; ''and sh^lees, training for the hulks, \ the -prison, and tho gallows, nnd as ho journeyed - through village and town around the city liko scones presented themselves. Undauntod' he -sot to-work, 'arid by pen nnd personal effort soon wrought a chango. In this timo tho Sabbath was a day of riot. j: : f' j'.: -.r';. . . . Then -tea-gardens and public-houses in tho oity, town, and hamlet wore crowtTed with young and old. Wrestling, badger-baiting, foot-racing, dog and crick fighting, bull-baiting, and other abominable scenes prevailed through out tholand. He remarked, ' Aftor I had gathered my statistics of ,Sabbath'4lifi in;Eng land, I find it presents a far moro gloomy picture than the- scenes ;of the, prison.' Ho then made urgent appeals to the publio through his journal, induoing them to catclt somewhat of his enthusiasm, but little did ho arouse them for some time. He says: 'One morm'nB,hnsiness-)tv»lle(tnfa into the suburbs of the city of Gloucowtirf, when* the poorest . and most ignorant; peopleji-vsided. I was in search of a gardener, who, I was told, lived in the' neighbourhood. ? 1'he man I went to hiro waa {torn home, and whilo I waited for his return I had leisure to obsorve tho poTerty etrickon district in which I found myself. 'It was peopled principally by poor persons who were employed in the pin manufactories of ' tho city. I had not waited long in the narrow, dirty street ore I was Btruck with concern at soeing a group of children wretchedly ragged at play in the street, and who, in a rude and boisterous manner, interrupted mo while con versiogwiththe gardener's wife on the business I came about. My heart yearned over the sad plight of these little ones, and I anxiously in quired tho cause of the children being so univer sally depraved. 'Ah, sir,' said the woman, ' could you take a view of this part of tho town on a Sunday you would be shocked indeed. They are then much more numerous and a hun dred times worse ; 'tis a very hell upon earth ; we cannot read our bibles in peace for thom. On Sunday the streets are filled with thoso who aro released on that day from employment, and spend their timo in noise and riot, playing chuck, and swearing and cursing in a mannor so horrible as to convoy, to any serious mind more an idea of hell than any other place. We have a worthy clergyman,' the gardener's wifo continued, ' minister of our parish, who has put some of them to school, but on the Sabbath they are given up to follow their own inclinations without, restraint, as their parents, totally abandoned themBolves, havo no idea of instilling into the minds of their children principles to which they themselves are strangors.' ' Can nothing be done for these poor children f I asked of the woman; ' is there anybody near that will take them to school onaShnday?' She replied there was a person who kept school in the lane near who, perhaps,- would do it. The scene of wretchedness wrought upon his benovolenee, and not one day did he lose in -setting up a sohool for reformation. At tho close of 1781 ho found that thore wore four per sons of good character who kept school for teaching to read. He went to thom and stated his object, soon concluding an agreement to send as many as he oould upon the Sunday, whom they were to instruct in the church catechism. He found the four schoolmistresses enter heartily into the work, and paid thom one shilling per week each. Bobert Baikes waited upon the clergyman named by the gardener's wifo, and put his plan before him. Ho was so satisfied and pleased that he engaged to lend assistance, and went round to the school on Sunday afternoons to enforce decorum, to cheer the teachers, to examine the children, and to soothe progress made from Sabbath to Sabbath. This voluntary aid rendered by the Bev. T. Stock stimulated Mr. Baikes; still tho inodtu operandi causod him considerable anxiety, as he had no model to copy in tho working of this new and untried plan of Sabbath-school instruc tion. Hib first plan was as follows: — The children to gather at 10 o'clock in tho morning and bo instructed by each teacher singly and cpllcctively till 12 o'clock, then go quietly home and return at 1, and after reading a lesson they were conducted to church. After church they were to be employed in repeating the catechism till half-past 5 and then dis missed, with an injunction to go home' without making a noise, and by no means to play in tho streets. This waB tho general outline of tho regulations in that dark day amongst a class of such de praved children. Wo hear.the good munsay, ' My first Sunday gathering exceeded my most sanguine expectations.' Wo find, also, that during the week ho was untiring in hiB visits to the parents of tho children, daily remonstrating with them and pointing out to thom tho melan choly consequences that must ensue from the neglect of their' children's morals. Ho was often met by tho parents with tho retort that their poverty prevonted them from clothing their children suitably to appear in church or school on Sunday. This he met by saying, if thoy wore clad as they wore whon they ran in tho streets, thoy would be weloome to the school, for it was open to the most neglected and the poorest. ? ' All,' he said, 'I require is olean faces and hands and their hair straightened,- in overy othor re spect thoy may como as circumstances will admit.' ' Soon it was soon that many children displayed talents for lourning and a desire to bo taught. Mr. Baikes had very sanguine hopes in the elevation of the lower classes throughout the kingdom as Sunday-schools became general. Ho felt it was a work of time, combined with much labour and self-denial. Tho news of Baikes's Gloucester Sunday-school and Bride woll- labours made his name a housohold word throughout tho. land ; his journal was widely read in that day, and his advocacy of a . purer literature, his call to Christian, duty, and the weekly 'and truly interesting summary of tho success of his pet project brought around him the' great and good. ' His distributed bibles amongst the elder scholars, and printed little books suitable to tho wants of the younger ones, and scattered them far and wide. His example was soon followed in his own city, county, and all through the kingdom; Like all discoveries, it seemed a wonder it had' so long lain hidden, and all denominations of Christians duoply re gretted that a means so simple and useful hud been -left untried. However apathetic before, now, with one heart and voice, they, began to repair as muoh as possible the mischief of pant neglect, applying with the utmost diligence the *? -benefits of Mr. BaikeB's disoovery. In the world of morals and religion all donmuinations gave the noble and self-denying Bobert Baikes the palm. At this juncture a gathering of public spirited mon in the metropolis, percoiving that it would help tho good work by establishing a society which would combine tho patronago and energy of . all denominations of Christians, founded, in August, 1785, an institution, und entitled it ' A Society for the support and en couragomont of Sunday- schools in tho different counties of England.' Tho flame spread, and every oity and town warmly espnusod tlio couso. ' Educato ! eduoato ! educate ! became tho popular ory. ' Already it was Boon that the 8abbath was bettor kept, and so manifest was it that Baikos's plan had takon hold of tho heart of the oountry, that scarcely had fivo years elnpsod sincoho first gnthored his Bridowoll pupils in Gloucostor, when a statistical' return allowed that not less than 250,000. children were every Sunday receiv ing instruction. At this time all who taught were paid a suiull suui weekly. At frequent moetihgs of Christian men and women were discussed tho dosirableness of enlisting'in tho good work those who could spare a little timo to instruct on the Sabbath morning gratuitously. This soon met with a hearty rosponso, and paid aid was not needed. Tho various Christian communities in tho country so warmly responded to such a noble call to labour in so glorious a work that oach body of Christians found amongst themselves a willing band of teachers, who readily engaged in this work of faith nnd labour of love. ' Again reverting to Bobert Baikes, it will be interesting to noto another point in his history. | Aftor many years of unwearied labour, at the age of 72 he is found to have superintended the education of more than 3000 children. - Never forsaking his prison visitations, he sedulously watched to see if any or how many of his Sun day-school children might be brought in as prisoners, nnd rejoiced was he, when appealed to by tho authorities, to thankfully answer, ' None ! ' Mr. Baikes lived to the ripe age of 76, honoured and beloved, and surrounded by tho fruits of his philanthropic labours. 