THIS MERCURY. MONDAY HO Jill INO, NOV. 23, 1890. We are only in a position to speak from inference, but we have every reason to believe that Ministers have in view arrangements for the Sale of Food and Drugs Act coming into operation on the first day of January next. We shall do them the justice to suppose that they intend making the Act in. reality, and taking such steps as will, to a perceptible degree, check the adulteration and fraud from which all, but especially poor people, suffer from the dole torious BtufF which they are now obliged to swallow, though paying for it the price of a good wholesome article. Our fear is that Ministers do not realise the extent of the mischief, for it is not so likely to come under their personal observation as under that of persons loss able to protect themselves. They may safely, however, take it for granted that the stringent operation of the Act is much needed, and we shall in turn take it for granted that Ministers will, in so far as dependent on them, leave nothing undone to give the people the protection the Act is intended to confer. In that case everything will depend on the arrangements made with the Analyst. Wore Government merely to appoint some person possessing competent knowledge, skill, and experience as Analyst," making his salary nominal and leaving his remuneration to be made up from fees, the Act might as well never have been placed on the Statute-book. It would be simply telling those who are now pretty well able to look after their own interests, how to do so with a little less inconvenience. Much more than this is required, and unless the Act is to become a dead letter, the Analyst must receive such a salary as will make the fees a matter of little importance to him. We do not advocate a perceptible burden on the Treasury. We shall assume that the Analyst is already a Government officer, or in some other semi-independent position ; one to whom his new office will not be all in all, but to where two or three pounds a week would he a consideration. Were such a sum assigned him by Government, and a small subsidy added by each municipality, the fees might times be, as they ought to be little more than nominal. Let us suppose a case of adulteration of milk. Is it likely that if the fee for analysis were ten shillings, or even five shillings, the labouring classes and poor people would ever seek redress? The fee should be just as much as would prevent frivolous and vexatious complaints ; as low as would invite every one conceiving he has ground of complaint to seek redress. The individual who puts himself forward as the redress of any wrong, does not alone benefit himself. The exposure he makes is a deterrent to others ; all obtain the benefit of his action. Why then should he be called on personally to bear the costs ? What is for the good of all, should be effected at the cost of all, and in the matter of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, this can only be accomplished by making the salary of the Analyst a burden on the colonial and municipal treasurers. We suppose that the City Council will to- day show that they recognise their responsibilities in connection with the Sale of Meat Act. They should also bear in mind that the duty of setting in operation the Sale of Food and Drugs Act does not rest solely with Government. Each Municipal Council is entrusted with the duty of appointing " an Analyst of all food and drugs sold within the municipality, and to pay to such Analyst such remuneration as shall be mutually agreed on. We do not expect the City Council to appoint an officer independent of the Government official. There would be no compensating benefit for the additional cost. But the City Council, and the council of each municipality, should be prepared to take advantage of the Government appointment, the authorities thus acting in concert. By some such reasonable arrangement, the Act will become a vital principle of action, and therefore we may do some service if we re- capitulated the more salient sections of the Act. The offences provided against are mixing, colouring, staining, or powdering, or ordering or permitting any other person to mix, colour, stain, or powder, any article of food, or any drug, with any ingredient or material so as to render the article injurious to health, or, in the case of drugs, with any ingredient or material, so as to affect injuriously the quality or potency of such drug with the intent, whether as relates to goods or drugs, that the same may be sold in that state, and any person selling any such article be mixed, coloured, stained, or powdered, shall be liable in a penalty in each such case not exceeding fifty pounds for the first offence, every subsequent offence being to be deemed a misdemeanour, subjecting the offender to imprisonment, with hard labour, for a period not exceed- ing six months. The stringency of the sections constituting the offence so plainly speaks the mind of Parliament that no Ministry would be justified in remaining passive. To mitigate the stringency, it is provided that an apparent breach of the Act shall not infer conviction, if the person charged can show, to the satisfaction of the Court, that he was ignorant of the adulteration, and that he could not with reasonable diligence have obtained knowledge of the fraud. The statute constitutes under a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds the further offence of the abstraction from any article of food, so as to injuriously affect its quality, substance, or nature, and the Betting to the prejudice of the purchaser any article of food or drug which is not of the nature, substance, and quality demanded by the purchaser. Exception, however, is made where the matter or ingredient added is not injurious to health, but is required for its production or preparation as an article of commerce in a state fit for carriage and consumption, and not fraudulently to increase bulk, weight, or measure, or conceal an inferior quality; where the drug or food is a proprietary medicine whatever that may mean-or a patent medicine ; where the food is compounded as allowed in the Act, or is unavoidably mixed with extraneous matter in the process of collection or preparation-provisions that require not only skill but experience and prudence in the Analyst. From offences by means of a mixture, or selling that which seems what it is not, exemption is made in favour of adding water so as to reduce brandy, whisky, and rum to the extent of 25 degrees under proof, and gin to the extent of 35 degrees, so that persons desirous to purchase an article of proof strength, and to themselves add the water to their own taste, must bargain with the seller of spirits to have the article of proof strength. There is to the inexperienced reader, a sort of tautology or repetition of previous enactments in the clauses which provide that no person shall sell any compound article of food, or com- pounded drug not composed of ingredients in accordance with the demand of the purchaser, and which exempt the sale of any article of food or drug mixed with any matter or ingredient not injurious to health, and not intended to fraudulently increase its bulk, weight, or measure, or conceal its inferior quality, if, at the time of delivery, the seller shall supply to the purchaser a notice by a label distinctly and legibly written or printed, intimating that the article is mixed. The well-known mixture of coffee with chicory is an instance in point. of the form of process against offenders, it is hardly necessary we should say much. Any purchaser of an article of food or of a drug may, on payment of a fee, have such article analysed, and " any Medical Officer of Health, or Inspector of Nuisances, or any police constable, under the direction, and at the cost of the authority appointing him, may procure a sample of food or drugs, and have the same analysed and such person " may procure, at the place of delivery, any sample of milk in course of of delivery to the purchaser, and may have the same analysed, and, if impure, proceed to conviction as if himself the purchaser and should the milk seller refuse to allow such officer to take the quantity necessary for analysis, he shall pay a penalty not exceeding ten pounds ; a similar penalty is incurred by any person refusing to sell to any such officer any article of food or drug. A special provision is made for having all too made subject to examination by persons to be appointed by the Governor-in-Council for the inspection and analysis thereof and if upon such analysis, the same shall be found to be mixed with other substances, or exhausted ton which means to a deprived of its proper quality, strength, or virtue, by steeping, infusion, decoction, or other means the same shall not be delivered unless with the sanction of the Colonial Treasurer, and on such terms as he may direct whether for home consumption, ships stores, or exportation ; but if, on analysis, the tea is declared unfit for human food, it shall be forfeited and destroyed. In regard to the protection of the public in connection with ton, the Government have no option. The Act does not permit, but coin minds. " All tea imported as merchandise into and landed at any port within this Colony, shall be subject to examination by persons to be appointed by the Governor-in-Council for the inspection and analysis thereof. " Intercolonial Files. Thess Mangana, which arrived at Launceston on Friday from Mel bourne, brought the following files of intercolonial papers Victoria 17th and 19th Inst.; New South Wales, 16th and 16th inst.; South Australia, 15th inst.; and Queensland, 10th and 12th snub '> _ Vice-Regal -His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady and Miss Lefroy, and attended by Captain Hussey, the Private Secretary, will proceed by the 8 o'clock express this morning to Launceston, and will stay at the Brisbane Hotel until Thursday next. The hon, the Colonial Secretary, the hon. the Attorney-General, and Colonel Angelo accompany His Excellency. On Friday lost his Excellency took his four-in-hand drag with a large party, consisting of Lady and Miss Lefroy, the Misses Smith, the hon. Dr. Butler, Mr. Tarleton, Mr, Bouverie, and Captain Hussey, A D.C to New Norfolk, where TIU Excellency visited the Hospital for the Insane, and expressed himself much pleased with the arrangements of the establishment. The party then proceeded in carriages, which were waiting for them, to the Salmon Ponds, where they partook of lunch under the trees, returning to Government Home in the evening. Mr. Sharland, of Woodbridge, received His Excellency, and provided act-ouunnlation for his horses. GovKiiNJicsT House TtucKrTioNS.-We are requested to state that Lady Lefroy will not be able to receive visitors at Government House on Wednesday next, the 24th November, as Her Ladyship will accompany His Excellency the Governor to Launceston, , PRESENTATIoN to THE GOVERNOR. On Saturday afternoon a deputation from the Loyal Orange In- stitution waited upon His Excellency Sir Henry Lefroy, by appointment, of the Executive Council Chamber for the purpose of presenting him with a framed address. The deputation consisted of the following members of the institution Mr. Richard ( Wallace, W.M.; Mr. Marryat Hornsby, secretary; Mr. J. Murray Williams, treasurer and Mr. Tom Kirk. In the absence of the private secretary the deputation was introduced to His Excellency by Mr. George Browne. Mr. Tom Kirk read the address, which had been engrossed by Mr. George T. Taylor, and was as follows: Hobart Town, November 10th, 1886. To His Excellency Sir J. H. Lefroy, Lieutenant-General, K.C.M.G., CB. Your Excellency-We the under signed, on behalf of the Southern District of the Loyal Orange Institution of Tasmania under the jurisdiction of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales, desire to respectfully congratulate your Excellency on your appointment as Her Majesty's representative and Administrator for Tasmania. We trust that your sojourn in our midst will tend to promote the moral, social, and spiritual prosperity of the colony generally, and that in the administration of the affairs of the island your Excellency may be eminently successful. We further desire to convey, through you, our attach- ment and loyalty to our beloved Queen, Victoria, and pray that she may long enjoy the blessings of peace, and that her reign will, as hitherto, conduce to preserve the right of liberty of conscience, free dom of speech, and national prosperity. We have the honour to be your Excellency's most obedient, servants. (Signed) Richabp Wallace, Waldy Marryat Hornsby, 3." The address also bore the seal of Lodge No. 160. His Excellency expressed, his gratification at receiving the address, which he considered to be an excellent specimen of caligraphy, stated that the sentiments which it contained were consonant with his own views and feelings, and added that, as a copy of the soldiers had not previously been transmitted to him, a formal reply had not been prepared. Such reply would, however, be written and sent tithe deputed tion. Latcriiitheday.Capt.Hussey.tnoPiivateSecre-' tary, forwarded the following reply to the address:-' "Gentlemen I thank you for your congram-! lations, and for your good wishes, which express' what must be the aim and ambition of every representative of the Crown. I will convey, as you desire to Her Majesty's Secretary of State, the expression of your devotion and loyalty to Her Majesty, and to those vital principles of liberty of conscience and freedom of speech, which are the inheritance and safeguard of all her people." Tasmanian Public Library On Friday last His Excellency the Governor presented to the Tasmanian Public Library a copy of the Memorial of the Bermudas," in 2 vols compiled and edited by himself ; also a copy of the address which as president of the geographical section of the British Association he delivered during the early part of the present year. A handsome coat and hat rack, manufactured by Mr. S. Smith, of Argyle-street, has been placed in the reading-room. TreE Outward English Mails.- Again Tasmania is on this next occasion to be deprived of the advantage of the Orient line of communication. The P. and O. Company's steamer Rosetta is to leave Melbourne on Friday, the 26th November, the Orient steamer the Lusitania on Tuesday, the 30th November. The mail for both closes here on Wednesday, the 24th inst, As if to tantalise us, the Mangana is to leave Launceston on the morning of the day the Orient steamer leaves Melbourne. What does Tasmania receive for its £4,000 subsidy 1 The company consider only their own trade. The mails are of secondary consideration, and Tasmania would be about so well served if we had no contract and trusted to the mails being taken when it suited the purpose of the company to start a steamer. The outgoing mail by the Brindisi route is practically not used, and the Government will not allow us to use the Orient line as we would with reasonable facilities, The Hop Bitters Regatta. Very great interest has been felt in Hobart Town regarding this event. The news of the final heat did not reach this till past 10 o'clock last night, and for an hour before that time a crowd of several hundred people was congregated between the Telegraph office and The Mercury office. The result was received with much satisfaction. A Praiseworthy Act. We have to-day the pleasant duty of recording a somewhat unusual instance of a debtor remembering former obligations. Some 14 years ago, Mr. Bernhard Ehrenfried, who was in business with some brothers in the cattle and general trade, came to Tasmania and purchased a Launceston vessel called the Cosmopolite, and had her fitted out with produce for Hokitika, leaving unpaid a balance of £400 to the previous owners of the vessel, and the persons from whom he purchased stores, who gave him willing credit. The Cosmopolite having discharged at Hokitika, went to Sydney, where she was fitted up for the cattle trade, and leaving that port was wrecked, uninsured, opposite Masthead Reef, on the coast of Queensland. Undaunted by the loss, Mr. P. Ehrenfried and his brothers battled to redeem themselves, but some cattle speculations having proved disastrous, Mr. Bernhard came to Tasmania with no other purpose than to arrange with his creditors for time. He had, however, hardly set foot on the wharf at Launceston when the bailiffs pounced upon lum, and he was cast into prison, from which he was released under the bankruptcy la was, the presiding Judge have ingcondemned the harsh treatment he had received. Since then varied success and the reverse have followed Mr. Bernhard Ehrenfried, who died some time ago, but not before he had expressed his wish to his brothers now carrying on a successful business as brewers at Auckland, New Zealand, that his obligations of 14 years ago should be discharged. With this purpose in view, Mr. L Ehrenfried, one of the surviving brothers, arrived in Hobart Town on Friday evening, and, on Saturday, waited on Captain Wise, of the Monarch, who had been a creditor for £101 5s., but had taken no part in the proceedings of the other creditors, and handed over to that gentleman, no doubt to Captain Wise's surprise and delight, the amount of his long-forgotten debt. Mr. Ehrenfried, holding that the other creditors had taken their pound of flesh, and thereby forfeited all claim to consideration, and as even had there been no such objections, a considerable portion of the sum due was to estates long since wound up, sought other means of making restitution than to his brother's harsh creditors, or their lawyers, and basin consequence, left with us the sum of £400, which he has desired us to appropriate as follows, viz are the Benevolent Society, £100 to the Tasmanian Masonic Benevolent Society, £100 to the Industrial School for Boys, £100 to the Industrial School for Girls, £50 and to the Dorcas Society, £50. If the treasurers of these institutions will call on the commercial manager at The Mercury office, each will receive the sum named by Mr. Ehrenfried, who, we understand, leaves by the express train this morning. We simply add that such conduct is creditable to our human nature, and Auckland may be proud to have such gentlemen among its men of business. Presentation Convent The community of this convent, we are informed, met on Thursday last, when a successor to the late lamented Lady Superior was elected. The choice fell upon Sister M. Regis Murphy, who for years occupied the position of Mistress of Novices, and arrived in this colony a professed nun in 1866. Sister Stanislaus O'Brien was re-elected "Mother Assistant, and Sister De Sales Boy Ison was chosen to be the future Mistress of Novices. The whole community number about 40, including the young lady boarders, and greatest sorrow is still felt by each one for the departed lady, whom all looked up to as, if possible, more to them than a devoted and affectionate parent. Larceny as a Bailee. The City Police deserve to be complimented for the acumen and despatch they exercised in executing a warrant which was issued at Launceston on Saturday, for the arrest of a man named James Barnard Atkinson, charged with larceny as a bailee. A telegram was received after 2 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, stating that Atkinson had appropriated £100, the moneys of Thomas Lo Cherniout, and had proceeded to Hobart Town by train on Friday. A description of Atkinson was also forwarded, it being stated in addition that he had occasionally acted as bailiff to the sheriff's officers, and for some time was a debt collector in Launceston. It was further stated that the accused was accompanied by his daughter. Very little time had elapsed ere Superintendent Pedder had ascertained that a man answering to the description given arrived in town on Friday night, and had stopped at a certain hotel. It was found, however, that the now arrival"s boxes, etc, were marked T. Hawth. The owner of these was absent, but two detectives were told off to await his return. When he did return and was question, the visitor denied that his name was Atkinson, and also asserted that he knew nothing about the charge. He was, however, arrested. When taken to the police station he made certain admissions, and handed over 88 sovereigns as a portion of the stolen money. The accused was lodged in the watch-house two hours after the ' telegram was received, City Council The following is the business for consideration at the meeting this afternoon Re- ports from the various committees, as follows, viz. Public Works : On Mr. T). Proudfoot's proposal to establish tramways in the city on Captain Coote's letter and its enclosures, on the same subject. Waterworks : On letter from Messrs. Mac Farlane Brothers, asking for permission to tender for pipes; on complaint of Mr. W. Fulton, on alleged overcharge, water, for building purposes on application of Mr. E. Hodgson to be allowed a meter. City Police Count. Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Dr. Turnley, J.P., were the presiding magistrates at this court on Saturday morning. One male drunkard was fined 5s., with the option of seven days' imprisonment. George Hancock pleaded guilty to a charge of assaulting Constable Coghlan whilst in the execution of his duty. The constable stated that he arrested the prisoner in Watchorn street for creating a disturbance and making use of obscene language. The prisoner, however, over powered the constable, and knocked him on the ground and caught him by the throat. Summoning Officer Maum came to the assistance of the constable, and together they conveyed the prisoner to the police station. Hancock having been convicted three times for assaulting constables, in addition to other minor offences, the Bench fined him £3 3s., or in default of payment three months' imprisonment with hard labour. Martha Humphrey pleaded guilty to a charge, preferred against her by D. C Delaney, of stealing a small book, the property of Mr. N. Legrand, and was sent to gaol for two months. The General Hospital. The following cases were received and treated at the General Hospital on Saturday, the injuries being in each instance the result of accident. Alfred Wise, 11 years of age, whilst bathing in the River Derwent, cut the under surface of his left leg. Thomas Chambers, a young child, fractured one of the bones of his forearm through a fall. James Heffernan, SO years, received an injury to the back of his left hand whilst chopping wood. The injuries in each case were attended to by the House Surgeon, and the patients were able to leave the institution. The Ghost Again Some days since we wrote concerning a ghost which it was reported had been seen in the neighbourhood of the burial ground near Trinity Church, the sudden appearance of which to lonely pedestrians had been the cause of fright and annoyance. We warned his ghost ship that extreme measures were to be taken against him, hoping that he was sufficiently well educated to be able to read, and sufficiently modern to take in a newspaper. On Saturday evening however, nothing daunted he was about again, and one of the residents of High street' used the gun as threatened, and allot at the tall white figure which was to be seen in Mr. Addison's garden. The figure did not move for a while, and then disappeared suddenly. Nothing further is known, but any family that received one of its members about the time mentioned suffering from a gunshot wound, will know how to account for the fact, and will oblige by giving information to Detective Delaney, who has been making inquiries into the case. Last evening another instance of wicked tomfoolery occurred. A young girl having gone out of doors in Williamson street saw his ghost ship, and was so frightened that she fell down in a faint, and in that insensible state was found by a gentleman passing, attracted by hergioaning. We wish to know where the fun is. Fishing Trip The go -elly number of persons who took the advantage of the trip made by the taut little steamer Josephene on Saturday afternoon could not have spent a more enjoyable afternoon's outing than they did. Apart from the (killing, the run to and from the Iron Pot was exceedingly pleasant, the river being smooth and the weather fine. The disciples of Isaac Walton must have been greatly satisfied with the result of the two or three hours' fishing they had off the lighthouse, where the little steamer anchored. Each passenger caught as many fish as he could carry, the species being very varied, colonial salmon, flathead, perch, rock cod, and even barracouta of small size, being hauled up in great numbers. The Josephine left the wharf about half-past 2, and returned about 8 o'clock. This is the second of the Saturday afternoon trips made by the Josephine, and as it is intended to keep them up during the summer, visiting different places on the Derwent, they will, no doubt, become very popular, and attract a great share of the Saturday afternoon holiday makers. International Sheep Show. - The German Consul, Mr. W. A. Brahe, has been officially informed (says the Argus) that an international exhibition of sheep will be held at Newbrandonburg, in Mecklenburg-Strelitz, on the 24th and 25th May, 1881\. According to a brief prospectus forwarded to Mr. Brahe, the exhibition will consist of all classes of sheep ewes, rams, and wethers-of every race and age. It is not intended to offer any prizes, but exhibitors will have the opportunity of selling their stock, and, of course, of establishing a connection with German eh crop and wool buyers. Further information may be obtained, up to April 1, from Mr. Profcko, solicitor, Nowhrandenburg. A N Ew Lyport In addition to the exportation of beef, the Australian Frozen Meat Company intends extending a trade already begun in the tr shipment to London of Australian butter Up to the present, such an article is not quoted in the home market, but it is confidently hoped that before long all that will be changed, and that the trade will assume large proportions Yesterday (says the Telegraph) we had an opportunity of in- speeding up Messrs W Adamson and Co s store, in Little Collins street, 350 tubs of fresh butter, prepared by them for exportation by the company above mentioned in the Protos, which sails for London on Monday next Each tub weighs 10lb and in the selection of the butter as much was rejected as selected, for none but the best of Victorian make was chosen It has been put into new and secondhand tubs of kauri pine, and will be placed on board the Protos immediately. Smvrt CalLinG The telegram from Reuter's agency, announcing the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition, on 1st October was received in London through the Eastern and Eastern Extension Company's cables within 23 minutes after the completion of the ceremony. The message, which fills a quarter of a column, was published in the London papers the same day A lÎLMArivVBLE Case-The S A Register relates a remarkable case, illustrating the danger of allowing infants to play about in places where spear grass is plentiful, which recently occurred at Bowden -" A child, eighteen months old, son of Mr M Cum, some seventeen days ago, swallowed a spear grass, and became very ill afterwards On Wednesday last Dr Rees was sent for, and found the little one presenting all the appearance of asphyxi- i He examined the infant and found a a small hole between the fifth and sixth ribs, from which pus was exuding He prolonged the opening, and passed the probe about two inches into the substance of the lung when it came against some foreign matter He then inserted the forceps, and brought out part of the head of spear grass, about one and a half inches long The child got rapidly better after the operation, and is now comparatively well " Snoitni 149 -At the inaugural meeting of the Victorian Institute of Shorthand Writers, Mr Justice Higinbotham presided, and delivered an address He stated (reports the Argus) that he felt he owed much to the art of shorthand Some of his most pleasant associations were formed while he was engaged in learning it, and subsequently in practising it as a profession While he had the pleasure and honour of practising his profession as a reporter in the gallery of the House of Commons, he heard some of the wisest, best, and fore most men of England 1 and kal need more than by any other means of practical! politics, a study in which, it appeared to him, all should feel an interest He went on to refer to various systems of shorthand in use, observing that Pitman's system deservedly occupied the foremost place, as being constructed on the most scientific basis, though he thought that Gurney's was profitable for its legibility, which enabled Parliamentary reports to be written by one writer, and transcribed by another Reference was also made to the invention by shorthand writers of systems of their own, and to the proficiency attained both in taking notes and transcribing by some of the best reporters at home. He intimated to shorthand learners the difficulty of following speakers at first, reminding them that they would require much besides a knowledge of short hand in order to report accurately Alluding to the faults of public speakers, he said he had only heard two thoroughly coherent and accurate speaker in his life Gladstone and Bright As to the objects of the association, he thought it should take a moderate and modest view of its duties, and confine itself to strictly practicable objects He thought it a mistake to endeavour to make proselytes The art of shorthand must be confined, after all, to those who use it practically as a profession or in business In business, he had known of shorthand clerks enabling their employers to dictate answers to letters as quickly as they were opened, and thus to effect a great saving of time It would also be an advantage to many public servants to know shorthand , but beyond those limits he did not think that the public at large should he induced to take up the art as a substitute for long hand The interests of learners would be greatly promoted by their meeting together in this association, and if it confined itself to legitimate and practicable objects it would be worthy of every encouragement For his part he would continue to feel a warm interest in it and in the honourable profession which it to some extent represented The Rev. S. Bracewell, from Melbourne, will address a public meeting in the Primitive Methodist Church this evening at 7 30. The annual general meeting of members of the Southern Hunt Club is to be held at Melton Moubray, on Friday next, at 4 o'clock. We have been requested to again draw the attention of intending exhibitors to the advertisement requiring entries for the horticultural show to be made not later than this day, and to be left with Mr. Latham, Liverpool-street, or Mr. Sayer, Elizabeth street. 