ST. PAUL'S CHURCH NEW SUNDAY SCHOOL. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Sunday school in connec tion with St. Paul's Episcopalian Church, Latrobe Terrace, was performed yesterday afternoon, in the presence of about 500 per sons, by the Right Rev. Josiah Brown Pear son L.L.D. second bishop of the diocese of Newcastle, N.S. W. There were also present about 200 of the pupils of the Sunday school under the care of their superintendent and teachers. The contractors for the new building, Messrs A. Dick and Slaughter, had made admirable arrangements for the ceremony, and the school ground was de corated for the occasion with a grand display of bunting. The choirs of St. Paul's and Christ Churches amalgamated for the after noon, and sang the various hymns and re sponses in connection with the service at the stone. Mr W. D. Goodall, the organist of St. Paul's church, presided at the harmonium. Prior to the ceremony com mencing the church bells were merrily pealed, and attracted a large number of sightseers to the surrounding fence. Shortly before four o'clock Bishop Pearson, accom panied by Canon Chalmers and the Revs. Williams, of Queenscliff, Sheckleton, of Shel ford, Bishop, of Barrabool, Hose, of New town, Caffin, of Lara, and Turnbull, of Drys dale all dressed in white surplices proceeded from the Presbytery to the im promptu dais on the ground. A hymn having been sung by the choir, and a prayer read by Canon Chalmers, the rev. gentleman in timated that a jar containing copies of the local papers and the Argus for the day, to gether with a copy of the latest issue of the Church of England Messenger, had been deposited in the cavity of the stone. The jar also contained a parchment scroll, with the following cleverly engrossed on it, by Master H. Wilmot, the capital letters being in silver, blue, and red:- " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. To the glory of God, and in the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ. This corner stone of a school-house, to be greeted for purposes of Christian in struction in connection with the parish of St. Paul's Church, Geelong, was laid by the Right Rev. Josiah Brown Pearson, L.L.D., second bishop of the diocese of Newcastle, in the colony of New South Wales, on the third day of August, in the year of our Lord God 1880 ; the Right Rev. James Moorhouse,D.D., being bishop of Melbourne; the Rev. William Chalmers, canon of the cathedral church, of Melbourne, being in cumbent of the parish ; James Volum, Wil liam Upton, Benjamin Freeman being church wardens; Alfred Richard Reed being super intendent of the Sunday school. Prosper, 0 God, the work of our hands upon us : 0 prosper Thou our handy-work." Bishop Pearson having been presented with a handsome silver trowel manufactured by Mr E. Fischer, jeweller, of Ryrie-street, bearing the following inscription, pro ceeded to lay the stone: "Presented to the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of New. castle, N.S.W., at the laying of the founda tion stone of St. Paul's Sunday school, Gcelong, Victoria, 3rd August, 1880." After declaring the stone to have been well and truly laid, the Bishop delivered the following address : My bretheren of the clergy and Christian friends: I feel that my first word to you this afternoon must be one of apology, for I am come in the place of one whose absence you will naturally regret very much. The Bishop of the diocese would have been with you to-day had it not been for a very important engagement he had, con nected with the University of Melbourne, and he desired me to express to you his sor row and disappointment at not being able to be here with you, You all know the deep interest; he takes in Christian education, and you know that since he has been in this colony he has fought the good fight. He would have been heartily glad to have been with you upon such an occasion as this - an occasion fraught, as we all hope, with good results for this town and parish. Now what shall I, a stranger amongst you - a per fect stranger - speak about to you this after noon. One is necessarily asked upon arrival in a new country, what one thinks about that country and what one's first impressions are. Now, I will answer those questions with a great deal of candor. I have seen a great deal since I have been in Victoria. I am much pleased with the as pect of the country and its very rich gifts of nature. I have been well pleased with the very warm welcome which I have received from the inhabitants of Victoria, and I am glad to be able, in passing through this great continent, to join with you in your well wishes for this school and prayers for its successful issue. One must admire the energy and enterprise shown in years gone by in your various towns. In the life time of many, no doubt, around me, fields have become townships and waste lands have become fields. In apparent wildernesses you have settled down and made smiling homes for yourselves in your adopted coun try. There are some causes in which I take a very great interest, and in which I perceive you have not improved upon the practices and traditions of the old country. I refer to the matter of education, which I notice is devoid of any reference to the Creator of the Universe. It goes against my spirit and best judgment. In England we have an extensive and elastic system. You in Vic toria appear to have narrowed yours down into very close lines. We in England enlist many sympathies, and a great deal of enthusiasm, in giving religious instruction which you are apt to lose. In England we go in for denominational zeal and local en thusiasm, and for a healthy spirit of rivalry in the schools, which you appear to have lost in the colonics. In England Christians are thankful for religious instruction in the schools, for we have the elements of Chris tian education given throughout. Here you have lost that element of Christian edu cation in your State schools, but I hope that the time is not far distant when you will have it back again in some form or another. I think that you Geeloug people are, by this effort, showing by your warm zeal that you intend doing something towards the Chris tian education of the young. This school is to be built for the express purpose of pro viding a means by which the children may receive religious instruction. It is de dicated in your prayers to-day to One whose holy name you desire to see your children brought up to revere and love. Here, then, you have an organisation, which, I hope, will grow into a great institution for Christian teaching. You are to have a place here built upon the lines of the Church of England, wherein the church catechism will be taught. The Bible will be taught here. The Bible has been called "The book of hu man conduct." A great portion of our lives has been taken up with action, whether that action has been right or wrong. We have the Bible as a moral guide-the lamp of our feet-the light of our path. Wisdom is the principal thing we live for. The Bible will give it to us; therefore, get wisdom and under standing. A great value his been placed in this colony upon "getting." You are striving to get wealth; you get pleasure whenever it is to be obtained, and you all endeavor to get into places of honor. You value all that, now will you value the ground laid down for getting all wisdom-the conduct of your lives-the means of getting Christians into the right way. Value then your Bibles and all the Christian means of gaining instruction. Notwithstanding some circumstances which appear adverse just now you are determined not to fold your arms and, allow things to slide, but you are doing your best to spread Christian education in this neighborhood. Let us thank God for this, and I hope you will have a group of rooms here which will indeed prove a great blessing to the community. It will make it a comfort . to your clergyman to preach in your parish. You will have a place for lectures, and other less strictly devotional parts of your church instruction, which you will find of great value. Whilst I was in my last parish, we built a group of rooms, which were our church rooms. It is one of the many plea sant things I look back upon, to know that we centred, in those rooms, a fine, happy, and convenient home for the young people a youths' club, where both indoor and outdoor amusements were associated. Those who had charge of the church work valued it very much, and I hope that around these rooms whose corner stone we are lay ing to-day, there will be a group of parish institutions which will prove of benefit to generations yet to come. You have no doubt many Sunday school teachers at this gathering to-day ; let me say a word to them. What are the great difficulties which prevent Sunday school teaching from being altogether successful ? Now there is one great cause, and that is want of regularity. Both with teachers and scholars no permanent system of instruction, line upon line, can be possibly carried out unless there is thorough regularity upon the part of teachers. (Hear, hear.) There must often be some strenuous effort of self-denial on the part of teachers to be at the school on the proper date and at the proper hour. I have seen a school thrown into disorder by the absence of teachers from their posts. I hope you will forgive me for being so pointed, but it is the duty of the parish clergyman to notice this from time to time. If you want to make Sunday school teaching in your new building-and for that matter in an old one, too-a real success and a power for good, you must make up your mind to make acts of self-denial. Some of you will have to forego trips into the country, or visits to friends ; all those things will have to be denied at times. Again, there is an important feature in Sunday school teaching, and that is the pre paration of lessons. When I was a Sunday school teacher I appeared sometimes to get on very well without much preparation and others did so, too, but it is a mistake. You must prepare your lessons if you want to make them attractive to the young. The best and most useful lessons will be those which you have prepared. The one great thing needed is a spirit of mighty hopefulness. Some teachers, especi ally young ones, are discouraged when they do not see much result for their work, but then they should remember that we are not told that we shall see the result of our works. We are told that one soweth and another reapeth-first the blade, then the ear, and then the full grain of corn in the ear. Let us, then, take heart again and leave our work, as we leave ourselves, in the hands of our Father in Heaven. I think that God's blessing will rest upon you and prosper your work, I understand that a collection is to be made towards raising funds for building this school. If this insti tution is to be anything like those at home, I think there is every room for your liberality to-day The Rev. Canon Chalmers stated that if they could oollect £20 they would then have £700 in hand. The cost of the building, with the furniture, would be something like £950. The collection was then made, and re sulted substantially. Prayers were read by the Rev. Mr Hose, a hymn sung, and the bishop pronounced the blessing, and the pro ceedings terminated. The following notification appears in a re cent New South Wales Government Gazette: -" Notice is hereby given that the sums undermentioned will bo paid as rewards for discovering and reporting the discovery of new goldfields-To any person who shall first discover, and within a period which shall be deemed to; be by the Minister for Mines a reasonable time after such discovery, make known to the said Minister the posi tion of a new goldfield, being distant not less than 10 miles from the nearest gold workings, the sum of £300 : Provided that within six months after the date of dis covery, not fewer than 300 miners shall be employed in gold-mining upon such now goldfield. And in the event of such new goldfield, at tho expiration of 12 months from tho date of discovery, providing appa rently permanent employment in gold-min ing for not less than 500 miners, the person discovering and reporting such gold-field as aforesaid, shall be entitled to claim a further sum of £500. Tho minister shall be tho sole judge as- to any matter in disputo in regard to an application for reward ; and in tho event of a dispute arising as to the person entitled to claim the reward, the Minister shall decide which, if any, is so entitled.-E. A. Baker, Minister for Mines: Department of Mines, Sydney, July 23rd. 1880." Tho return of corporal pnnishment in Her Majesty's navy for ten years ending Decem ber 31atl87S,show3 that the total nnmber of men sentenced to be flogged was 247 ; num ber of lashes awarded, 9S24; lashes inflicted 9,173. The total men in the army during the same period punished by" flogging, ex clusive of those so punished in prison, 35; total number of lashes, 103, 