ACTA POPULI. By the Flaneur, Well, that was an old fraud of a comet anyway* Nevertheless I am sorry it has gone, because its conduct was quite in keeping with that of our re spected rulers. When it first appeared, it pro mised to be a more shining light than Frank War den, and to unfold a tail that would cover half the firmament ; then it suddenly caved in, and passed off as fiat as a bottle of stale ginger-beer. Our friend the News, quoting Mr. Lockyer, says, f- comets are white-hot masses, and shine by their own light.' With two exceptions, this state ment is quite correct. In the first place, comets are not masses at all, and in the second place, they shine by reflected solar light, and if they were trusting to their own illumination, they would he as dark as some of our suburban streets, or the ways of a successful politician. It is al ways safe to contradict a. man 011 the comet sub ject., because although comets have been in use since the world began, they are still like Dun dreary ' widdles,'. or Disraeli's policy, 'things which 110 fellah can understand.' My own opinion is, they are simply the ghosts of departed suns, doomed to walk through space, and make themselves a terror to us, and a nuisance to their more immediate neighbours. The oldest inhabi tant of a comet that we know of was seen in China B.C. 525. The Chinese, by the way, seem to be unduly favoured with comets, and yet they are about the only things they never attempted to make money out of. A few days after Ctesar's death a splendid comet appeared at Rome, and was seen in broad daylight just as the circus sports were iu full swing. During the rest of that week the circus company had to pUy to the empty benches. In 1680 a rising young man named Newton discovered a comet which shot out a tail 22,000,000 leagues in lengtli in the short space of two days. I know this to be a fact, because young Newton stepped out the distance, and I am suro if any lady reader will imagine to herself a silk train of this extent being made up, and trimmed, and niched, and bowed in two days, she will admit the cometic dressmakers had rather a lively time of it' It is now generally believed the head or nucleus of a comet is composed of something ; that the tail is merely a stream of gas, and probably the whole mass of the largest comet known didn't weigh five pounds. I have also heard a comet was seen in Scotland just before the birth of Mr. Buchanan, but I don't think any more of Scotch comets than I do of Scotch cookery. Baby Gaunson .and the other babies on the Berry block are having a brisk innings just at present. A recent wire from the ' Happy Land ' informs us' that Mr. Berry, the man whom Kings (according to his story) delighted to honour, and upon whose honeyed eloquence the populace once, hung like flies upon a jar of treacle— this good old man was actually denied a hearing.' Truly the aura popularis is a fickle wind, and there is nothing so vacilating as the opinion of a free and independent elector, unless perhaps it is the opinion of those he votes for. Baby Gaunson has braved two meetings already, and it is firmly be lieved if he tries another he will share the fate of St. Stephen, as the remarks passed upon him con sist chiefly of bouldors of rocks, and brickbats. Baby is .evidently not the man for a Victorian Galway. It's a man like Chiniquy they want down there, one who could stand two or three assassinations before breakfast, and upon whose seasoned head a blue metal shower would havo no more effect than a bread pill upon a Queens land mummy. There waa a time when our musicians might have b,eeij dismissed with a critical notice similar to that which Martial passed on his own epi grams — ' Some good, some middling, and more bad,' but that kind of thing doesn't suit the public taste in these days. Tho fault which the Pitt-street Sappho finds with M. Sauret is, he doesn't wrap himself up onough in his music, and furthermore he is not influenced onough by poetic emotion, and doesn't enter into the spirit of his instrument sufficiently. Now , this is decidedly wrong on the part of M. Sauret. He is surely not such a poor man that he cannot buy onough music to wrap himself up in, although I admit he would not bo a very presentable object for a classical concert, arrayed in this material after a shower of rain had played 011 him ; and if ho lacks tho emotion business he might as well 1 hang up his fiddle and talco to politics. We can pardon a man for playing out of time and tune, but unless he has emotion, unless he looks as sentimental as a sick kitten during tho andante unless he rouses up until he can scarcely keep his hair on in the allegro, and unless I10 shoots out his legs, throws up his arms, and plunges about, like a Zulu chief with a quart of rum in him, during the presto, we wouldn't give a soup kitchen ticket to hear his best performance. It is now absolutely certain that tho people of Sydney are about to experience a social blessing, the benefits from which will surpass even those of the Insolvent Court or the tramway. I allude to Miss Whiteside's school for teaching ' our girls ' the much-neglected art of cookery. It ig a positive fact that at present we waste and spoi 1 enough good victuals to support another nation' ; An Italian, a Frenchman, or even a butter coloured Chinaman will collect the food we daily throw away and concoct a dish that would make even Captain Cook's statue get down off its perch and ask for another plateful. Most sincerely do I wish Miss. Whiteside all success, and I hope I may live to see the day when ' our girls ' will be content to singe a goose with tho ' Maiden's Prayer,' and light the firs with their ' Grand father's Clock ' or their useless pictorial efforts to copy the style of tlie great Van Daub. A good wife may be a crown to her husband, but a good cook is a perfect harem. Brother ' Pasquin ' has lately shown us one side of Sydney cookery (and a remarkably dirty side it is, too), but there is another which is quite as objectionable. I dine out privately as often as I have the opportunity, and I can honestly say a pair of stewed goloshes stuffed with antibilious pills, and served up with kerosene oil sauce, would be far preferable to some of the meals I have had tho misfortune to place myself outside of. It is the nature of some men to be continually finding fault with others, and it is a characteristic feature in these men that they can never advance themselves a single step on the social ladder, without first pulling down tho man in front of them. For a choice specimen of a good all round man, commend me to Mr. Thos. Garrett. Mr. Garrett objects to assisted immigration, because it is liable to favour one particular nationality (at least so he asserts) ; Mr. Garrett objects to the system of 'payment by results,' because, as he again implies, this is liable to favour one particular creed ; and Mr. Garrett objects to his book-making friends in loto. Mr. Garrett is, as it were, a sort of inspector of social nuisances, and he tilts at all he finds or invents with such admirable skill, that were I a believer in the Pythagorean doctrine respecting the transmigration of souls, I would certainly say the Knight of La Mancha's spirit had re moved to those commodious premises at present occupied by the body of Mr. Thos. Garrett. It is scarcely true that the Chinese are behind the times in everything, but they certainly are as regards the date of their new year. This festive occasion began last Wednesday, and was kept up, regardless of expense, till Saturday. Having an invitation to call on Mr. Ah Sin, I stepped up? stairs, paid my respects to himself and his worthy spouse, and drank the health of the coming year in a bumper of three-star, after which I sent an assortment of preserved ginger, jujubes, pickled melon-seeds, rice cakes, and divei'3 other combus tibles, for which we have no name in the English language, to keep tho three-star company. Mr. Ah Sin is the keeper of a lodging and gambling house, but ho has the suave manners and the spiritual, innocent smile of a w ell-fed missionary. Mrs. Ah Sin,, however, wears tho trousers in every respect. The general look of the room and the cheerful gaity of the company gave me the impression that there was somo one dead in tho neighbourhood, so I glided quietly out and entered the sanctum sanctorum or private joss house. This consisted of a large room, tho sides of which wore furnished with mosaic tables of the stringy bark and blue gum material, and seated around these works of art were some fifty or sixty Celestials deeply interested in the sacked mysteries of fan-tan. At the head of the room a small canopied altar was erected, on which was placed a waxen figure of tho senior Joss, having on its right a niodel of Mrs. Joss, and on tho left another figure representing what my guide, Mr. Ah Fat, described as the ' stlongest man in evlywhere.' Certainly if I10 was half as strong as the smell about him, ho was a celestial Samson. I don't think tho position of a Chinese Joss is an extremely enviable one. Before the gambl ing begins the banker places little china bowls containing tea, sweetmeats, and inconse before him as a sort of bribe, and as long as the banker's luck ia in tho J oss has a good time of it. If the play goes against the dealer, liowevor, Mr. Joss has his rations cut off at once, and when tho bank is finally ' broke,' the subsequent proceedings would lead the smiling old god to infer that he had fallen foul of a sawmill. Altogether, I spent a pleasant night of it, and came away filled with good opinions of my celestial friends, and a reasonable share of indigestion. ' Young Yee, Fall Tsoy ' — or, a happy new year, and good luck to all of them. 