p"i er '1YLE'S RbLJfDY. " Physolo. A,_ence of t' not think, as- Mr. , unded? howo nd t there is " the ghost Id restored ? of the Service Reform e are intenhde; both or either of the mnost impor gcl a misfortune to the which they k;quite outside the range horks may If it ahould so happen, rice Is. Cec eople have the remedy , stamps, o bands. In that event, as 8 ptinted out, at Friday's 86 Latrobe ve referred to, "it would dtesiness of 150,000 men, A Lt ji."feelings of loyalty, to clont Ve Governor, and ask him D r :ise his right authority, and to ally.u.. the -Assembly before h gave At t ;1 the force of law." With e er party in this country Lord . hudy's sympathies may run, le mlId be bould, by every constitutional isidecation, to give respectful heed cht a petition, and to comply with its prayer. The last resolution passed at Friday's meeting, called upon "its "leaders and representatives in Parlia "ment to use every effort to defeat the " present Miniietryl in its monstrous at tempt to roi, the manholllO of the "country of any share in the Govern "ment." That is a plain statement of a grave accusation against the Govern ment, of a conspiracy to defraud the people of the palladium of their rights and liberties-manhood suffrage. Such a conspiracy is undeniable treason to the people,.for which, if the Constitu tion Act providetd the machinery, the Ministry would undoubtedly be im peached. Of the existence and opera tion of such ai conspiracy there caln be no doubt. The mnover ot the resdlu tion " complained of the manner in "a number of the working men were "cajoled by the Conservative party to " assist to oust the late Government." How the people were so "cajoled," was known during and after February elections, and has been clearly proved in Parliament. They were so cajoled, by the threefold agencies of plural vot ing, the Registration Society, and the Catholic priesthood and elders whom that Society miadet tools and fools of. ft, has been shown, in the IHouse lately how leading members of the Govern inent were thle guiding spirits of that society, Low Sir JoInt O'StINAsssY " interfered" in twenty electorates, and how he now discovers that the Service Minismry have tteacherously sold the Catholic party they corruptly bought. The worthy knightl has done good set vice to the Liberal cause and party in the scathing expos6 of Conservative aectics he gave, and the crushing criti cism lie administered to the reform aInd general policy of the Ministry. T ie mass nmeetilng in Melbourne will shortly be followed by similar demonstrations ill Ballarat and elsewhere, in condem nation of the Ministry which has sold the country, the Catholics, and the people, in order to serve the Council and their land-monolpolist constituents. The people's remedy of the ballot will soon have to be applied, whether the Reform Bill is passed in Parliament or not. 