? THEATRE "ROYAL. MS. FAIROLOUGH AS HAMLET. Tbe management of the Theatre Boyal are to be congratulated on tbe change which was witnessed at that place of amusement on Saturday night, both on the stage and in what is called tbe front of the bouse. The audiences lately have been remarkably small, and the pieces put ; on have borne a very close analogy to a boardinghouse meal on a washing, day. If decrease in the size of audienoes were ordinarily the cause of very indifferent p£ays being presented, instead of the effect, it might be considered that some of the plays lately put on the stage were intended for thin houses. That, however, is hardly likely to have been the case, the fact being that capable artistes, for some reason or other, quite misjudged what would go down well here in tbe selections they made. On Satorday night, however, we had Shakspeare again on the boards, and if Mr. Allison were guaranteed an audience every night for the eext six months of the same numbers -as then attended there is BO doubt he would fee very well satisfied. The dress-circle was well filled, and the other portions of the theatre were-crowded. It was the first appearance of Mr. B. Fairclough after-an absence of some years, and, following the example of most actors who essay to represent t he classical characters of our drama, he chose to appear as Hamlet. Thtf production of Shakspeare's masterpiece makes very considerable demands upon the resources of a theatre, but the tragedy was produced with very good appointments, and with the subordinate characters fairly taken. Those who had the opportunity of seeing Mr. Fairclough impersonate the melancholy Prince when he wes last in Adelaide will remember that he gave a somewhat high-class rendering of this first of parts, and that the character, with its peculiar moods, was so put forward as to commend that actor's reading to most -minds. Some of the best passages were given with considerable power, and readings of certain portions were natural at the same time that they were novel. Without charging oar -memories with every detail, we fancy Mr. Fairclough has made one or two alterations which are decided improvements in his representation. It need 'hardly be said to those who have seen bim before'that amongst the various readings of Ham-let that which he selects is the ' interpretation -which shows the Prince to have been only mad " nor'-nor'-east," or to have been simulating madness in order to ectwit the King, whose feol deed he suspected and wished to prove. 'He delivered with considerable power the first soliloquy beginning with— " Oh that fcis too, too solid -flesh would melt," and ia his scene with the Ghost the language •was given smoothly and with good effect. His delivery of the lines beginning with " Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I," and ending with •" The play's the thing Wherein I'll catcli the conscience of the King," was one of the best points in the performance, and met with hearty applause. His address to the players was delivered in a too commonplace manner, and we remember actors who have appeared to both more and less advantage in the play-scene. In the well- known-soliloquy— " To be -or -not to be"— Mr. Fairclough when last here, if we remember rightly, sat on a chair. This, though undoubtedly natural, is not effective in stage representation, and we -prefer his delivery ef the lines according to the most .generally received notion. In the chamber -seene with Queen Gertrude the portraits to which Hamlet directs the attention of his mother are on the walls. From the position where we -sat tbe picture of tbe dead King was -visible considerably over life size, and was no great credit to the scene painter. We prefer the arrangement followed by Walter Montgomery, who wore the portrait of the late King, the Queen having the other. The laet is undoubtedly the most natural way of -dealing with the comparison. Mr. Fairclough's -education as a swordsman stood him in good -stead in the last scene, but his acting at the close was hardly so forcible or so awe-inspiring as -it might have been. His reception throuehout was,-however, most flattering, and he was cal led : before the curtain at the close of each act; It -seems-a pity that people cannot be prevented from leaving the theatre just as tbe most -interesting portion of a play is being enacted. The effect ef the dying scene was very much interfered with by the clatterin of people going down the gallery stairs. tvhile we bave -seen Ophelia much better represented than she was by MisB Annie Mayor, that young lady gave a fair embodiment of the character. She presented the daughter of Polonius as the simple-minded girl that she undoubtedly was intended to be, and acted gracefully in the leading- scenes, but we did not think she evinced much: power in the mad scene. This actress has, however, had but a short experience on tbe-stage, and we have no doubt in time will interpret this as-well as more difficult parts in a superior manner. Miss Jenny Watt- Tanner was a -stately and at the same time graceful Queen <Gertrude. She played with discrimination in the chamber scene, where the powers of tbe representative of the Queen are most tried. We did not care much for Mr. Arthur Elliott as the King of Denmark. His performance was-stiff, and in the scene just referred to he appeared to be to some extent over-weighted. Mr. Herbert Fleming generally manages to give an-intelligent account of himself in whatever .part he is cast for, and while there was nothing uncommon in his Laertes, there was very -little in it at which to cavil. Horatio is usually made a very subdued, good fellow indeed, and one for whose adornment all the rags of the theatrical wardrobe are apparently collected. On the present occasion he was better got np than usual, and was represented by Mr. Hans Phillips with more than average spirit. Mr. Edwin Palmer exhibited too much of his own personality as Polonius to make the pait as acceptable as it might have been made, and the celebrated edvioe to his son was but poorly given. At the same time Mr.'Palmer refrained from making the Minister of Denmark an elderly jeeter, and when one • remembers how many actors have -"brought down" a certain part of the house by exhibiting Polonius in that light we caunot refrain from speaking aporovingly ef Mr. Palmer's -more sensible reading Mr. W. J. Holloway played the Ghost fairly, but would better have carried out the idea of the dramatist had he refrained from looking np at the gallery as he did in one of his principal appearaeoes. Any actor is blameworthy who plajs to the house, but when a Ghost stares over the footlights as if he were counting the audience the resalt is far-from good. Mr. Fred 1 home was well received as the First Gravedigger, and was fairly supported-by Mr. Carle. Miss Maggie Knight was cast for Osric, and the parts of Boseucrantz, Guildenstern, M ircellus, Bernardo, the Priest, and the Players were creditably filled by othsr members of the company. " Hamlet" will be repeated to-night. Tows HALL POPCLA.II CONCERTS.—The second of the series of Saturday evening concerts in the Town Hall, under tlie auspices of the Mayor and City Council, took place on July 24, and proved a great success. There was a large attendance, and a capital programme was submitted, the leading feature being the performance of several solos on the grand organ by Mr. W. B. Chinner. Herr Reinhold Ohman, a bass singer, whom it is always a pleasure to hear, gave -Pinsuti's descriptive song, "The Raft," with organ obligato, and Stephen Adams's romance "True to the last," the latter with excellent expression. Miss Minna Fischer also came forward, to the delight of her many admirers, and sang first Olaribel's ballad " The beating of my own heart," with her well-known ability. The effort was warmly applauded, and she responded by singing the pretty little ballad " I lov-e -him so." She afterwards sang " Within a mile 0' -Edinboro' Town," which was also encored. -Her sweet soprano voice was heard to much advantage, and her reappearance on 'tbe concert stage is a matter for congratulation. A treat of no ordinary kind was provided by the Swedish trio, Messrs. Liljegren, Wahlin, and Ohman, who rendered a number of their national melodies in a most artistic manner. The admirable harmony of their voices and the perfect time they kept could only -be attained after long practice, and by none but cultivated singers. Miss Playford sang "The Skipper and his Boy," and the aria " Alasthose Chimes," to organ obligato, in her usual effective style, and was much applauded. Mr. C. F. ThotnpsoD, a tenor, gave the aria u Let me Like a Soldier Fall," and was well received. Mr. Trowell contributed "Simon the Cellarer' and "Tne Merry Little Fat Grey Man," for which he has gained quite a reputation, and it is almost neediess[to say that on[this occasion he fully sustained it. There were one or two other musical efforts by Mr. Leonard Lees and Miss Playford, and a cornet solo by Mr. C. Duff (a member of the Military Band), besides the performance of a concertsiuck for the clarionet by Mr. J. Gruneklee. From every point of view the concert was a success, and deserved the liberal support the public gave it. THE BLACKSMITH'S DBEAM.—On Saturday theie was a good attendance of visitors to inspeot the ingenious piece of mechanism now on exhibition in Bundle-street. THB WAXWORKS.—During Saturday afternoon and evening there was quite a large influx of visitors to the waxworks exhibited in the Town Hall Exchange-room. The life-like models of tbeaboriginal lubra and child were particularly admired. BALL —A masquerade ball in connection with the German Club is to take place at the Town Hall to- night. FLOVTEB SEBVICB or SONG AT WALLAHOO.—A new and what proved to be an interesting service, arranged and conducted by Mr. J. Malcolm, J.P., Superintendent of the Presbyterian Sunday-school, Wallaroo, was held in the chnreh on Wednesday evening, 21st inst. The attendance was very good, about 400 persons being present. The service of song was on "Flowers," a very nice display ef which was arranged in tiers in front of the raised platform occupied by the school children. Many of the plants in pots were in flower; some of the pelargoniums, camellias, coleus, and Chinese primroses were very well grown. The collection of table and hand bouquets and single cut flowers was far better than could be expected at this time of tbe year. The girls connected with the school had small hand bouquets, and the boys buttonhole bouquets; .some of these were very well arranged. Mr. Malcolm qnoted_ from several of our best poets on flowers daring the service, closing with extracts from Pollock's "Course of Time." The children, under the leadership of Mrs. C. Coleman, sang several hymns, which reflected credit on their leader. Mies Jackson ably presided at the organ. At the close ef the service a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Malcolm, Mrs. Coltman, and others. THE MAMMOTH MINSTBEI,S.—This troupe performed at Garner's Theatre on Saturday evening to a thin attendance in the boxes and stalls, but a fair audience in tbe pit and galiery seemed to thoroughly enjoy the two hours <rf music, mirth, and folly providid for their amusement. Most of the music was good, and some of it excellent. The grimaces and contortions of the two " end men" kept most of the audience on the broad grin, whilst the singing of the whole" company in turn was very pleasing. The comic sketches were mainly remarkable for their extravagant absurdity, " Fun in a fog, or our yachting excursion," ending in a naval engagement at sea on a veBsel being boarded by sharks. Several encores were called for during the evening. Mr. J. Thompson's violin solo, introducing the bagpipes, was much applauded, as were also the comic songs by Messrs. H. Bent and B. Brown. The burlesqne on Wallace's opera of " Maritana" concluded the evening's fun. The same bill will be presented this evening. In future there is to be no admission to the gallery, but tbe prices of admission will be reduced as follows:—Dress circle, 3s..; body of theatre—Front seats, 2s.; back seats, Is. LQWBB MITCHAH MODEL SCHOOL.—On Thursday, Jttly 24, an entertainment was given by the children of this school, the object being to obtain funds for their forthcoming picnic. The large -hall was crowded, very many persons being unable to obtain admission. In the absence of Mr. W.'Gooch, President of the Board of Advice, Mr. -George Prince was voted to the chair, but he had shortly to leave in consequence of private affairs, and Mr. Alexander Macgeorge, J.P., a member of the Local Board, then occupied his place. The whole entertainment was a great -success, notwithstanding the fact that some -of the pupils were very nervous,'as was also the worthy master, Mr. Miiller. This was not to be wondered at, as it was the first entertainment given by this school. Mr. Macgeorge moved a hearty vote of thanks to the teacher and scholars. This having been seconded by Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., was carried by acclamation. The proceedings, which had been of the most enjoyable character, were brought to a close by the children singing the u Song of Australia" and God save the Queen," after which they gave three ringing cheers for tbe Superintendent, Mr. Miiller. 