TSE EFFECTS OP A PRACTICAL JOKE. Goma the round at present ¡B an instructive .story whioh shows bow some young ladies played a practical joke on a young medical student, and soon wished that they had not bit on so brilliant a notion. A number of young people were staying in a house together, and having exhausted ali the more familiar jokes, they conceived a novel idea. They would draw with phosphorous on the wall of the student's bedroom, a skeleton of hideous, mien : when he put out bis «andie, the thing would glitter, be would shriek, and that would be where the laughter would come in. During the evening upon which the scheme was put into exeoution they talked much of ghosts and casually observed that of course the old legend about a skeleton in the bouse was absurd. It had been said to haunt his room particularly, bat no doubt be had no fear of skeletons ? He protested that be bad not the least fear, that he should like a skeleton to play with, and only hoped that if it came it would not hurry off again ; hut these pro* testations were not considered worth rauoh, and when bedtime arrived tho student had. retired, the rest of the party followed him and waited anxiously at tho door. The light was presently put out; the skeleton began to Îdeam, and above his head the student saw the cgend written, "Confess your sins." The New Tort Tima shall tell the rest of the story :-" He Tittered a yell of the most terrible, and, to the young people outside of hie door, delightful description. Then the wicked young student began in a loud tone of voioe, his confession. He confessed that on j Wednesday night be bad kissed Miss Mary Brown in the library ; but he urged upon the ghost as an extraordinary circumstance, the fact that the young lady had virtually re- quested bim to do so and that he did not see his way clear to refuse. Then be confessed that he had promised to marry Miss Carrie Brown and that he bad broken his promise. Still, be claimed that he wonld not have been thus faithless had he not seen ber in affectionate conversation with a yoong broker whom be named, and had she not subsequently admitted that she had promised to marry that "addle-pated youth, as she accurately donbtodly a Imealdescendant of Ananias further confessed that he meant no harm when he kissed Miss Kate in the vestibule of the .church on Christmas, morning, and that he wonld never dp so again. ".By this, time' the ytiong people ¿u'tside the door had fled.. The three young ladies whose names had been hamed in the 'médical student's'confession wept indignant tears, and' protested , that the 'wretch knew that he'waa telling stories; while the Other young ladies said the} hoped that each was the case, but that it cud seem very1 earnest abd sincere in what be said." The party at breakfast next morning was gloomy, no reference was made to the subject and no skeletons have since appeared to the young student.-Sporting and Dramatic News. Abo the strident, who is nn 