(reuter's telegrams.) Rome, June 6. The railway to the summit of Mount Vesuvius has been completed, arid will be opened for traffic immediately. ' . , , The ascent is very steep in some places, and the incline throughout averages oOdeg. The journey, which used to occupy two hours, can now be performed in 10 minutes. -New York, June- 6. Public attention is absorbed in the forthcoming election to the Presidency of the United States. General Grant's chances of being again elected7 are much canvassed. The feeling of the country generally is strongly against the " third term" election, and those who are competent io form an opinion state confidently that General Grant has no chance whatever of being returned to office. The seventh match of the Australians was commenced at Malton, in Yorkshire, to-day, against eighteen of that district. The Eighteen went first to the wickets, bnc owing to the state of the ground thoy were unable to make any stand, and were all disposed of in a short time for 45 runs. The Australians then went to the wickets, but were scarcely more fortunate, the last man being put out for a total of 53 runs. The home team commenced their second innings, but lost two wickets without scor ing a run. Owing to , the recjnt heavy rains the ground was very dead, and run-getting very difficult. . Yackandandah Police Court. — On Monday, before Mr "W. H. Foster, P.M., the following cases were heard : — L. Stevens v F. Moore : Debt. Order for amount, lis ; costs, 5s. Henry London v London : Assault. Defendant was bound over in the sum of £25, in her own re cognisance, for three months. The court th.-n adjourned. Mining. — We are pleased ito learn that the Hillsborough Quartz-mining Company, Bright, have commenced .crushing, and the stone new passing through the mill looks well — a fact which the numerous shareholders in various parts of these dis tricts will be glad to hear ; as they may confidently anticipate receiving good divi dends in return for the money invested by XT- Xl uiieiu in uic uuLnptuij. Beechworth Unique Assembly Club. —It is," we believe, the intention of the above club to conclude their popular assemblies on Monday night next, the 14th inst., by holding a grand ball in the Odd fellows' Hall, Beechworth. These ' as semblies have been in vogue for some time past, and as they have always been con- ducted on ihe very best principles — thanks to the careful management — it is a great pity that they should be allowed to die out so early in the season. We know that under the present management visitors could hardly fail to enjoy themselves, as the assemblies were not only strictly select, but there was also an excellent band, that indispensible requisite to lovers of dancing, always present. \v e. trust to see a large attendance at the ball on Monday night next, and in the meantime we can safely promise intending visitors a night's hearty enjoyment. The Kennedy Family.— The Indian correspondent of the "Era" says : — The Kennedy family, who recently gave a series of delightful entertainments here, one whose interpretation of Scottish song is almost unrivalled, are starring in the province. Mr David Kerinedy, jun., retires from the company on the conclu sion of the present tour through India, having become, by purchase, the proprietor of the Pieter-Maritzburg daily paper. He has lately published a work giving an interesting account of his professional tour through South Africa. The Athenjeujl — The committee of the Beechworth Free Library have acted very wisely in securing a large number of books relating to the history of the Australian colonies. The Crown Solicitor wrote to the committee, informing them they were for sale, and suggested the purchase of them. Acting on this advice, no time was lost in obtaining them ; and they now adorn the shelves of the institution. To those who take an interest in the early settlement of Pert Jackson, Tasmania and New Zealand, they will prove invaluable. Payment of Members.. — The Assembly met on Monday, to deal with the Pay ment of Members Bill, and had a long and, towards the close, an angry sitting. In moving the second reading, Mr Williams declared that £300 per annum was not payment, but simply a contribution to expenses. Without the money, he alleged, no man of moderate means could retain ills jjifiuu in uue AsatHiLuiy. sDuuic litem.- bers, Mr Williams said, thought that the sum should be £500 or £1000 per annum, but he thought it was as well to compro mise at the old sum. The member for I Mandurang was replied to by Mr Shiels, who spoke at length, and who was again successful in stroking the Opposition the wrong way. Mr Shiels had a dozen mem bers interrupting him with ironical cheers and sarcastic remarks ; but the new repre sentative of Normanby has an abundance I of self-possession, and held his ' own gallantly ; and the style with which he carried the war into the enemy's camp was frequently applauded. His main con- I tention was that the bill was not for reimbursing expenses, but was to pay salaries to members, and also that the system brought forward a bad set of candidates, thereby keeping good men out. As for the cry that working-men must be represented by a working-man, Mr Shiels quoted Mill's remark on the point that a working-man should choose the best representative possible, and that he was a great deal more likely to be better served by a Gladstone,- a Fawcett, and a Bright, than by a man fresh from the workshop. Mr Shiels also stated that Mr John McGregor, who first placed the system on the Victorian Statute-book, now recognised its failure. The other speakers were Messrs Pearson, Murray Smith, Dow, Wrixon, Barr, Harper, E. H. Cameron, Gaunson, A. T. Clark, and Orkney. At a quarter to two o'clock the House divided — Ayes, 38 ; noes, 24. Majority for the second reading, 14. There were 11 pairs, so that 84 votes are accounted for out of a House of 86. The I Speaker brings up the number to 85. ani | the missing member is Sir John O'Shan- i assy. The House rose at two o'clock, j Beechworth Police Court. — On Tues day before Mr W, H. Foster, P.M., the following cases were dealt; with : — W. Geddes v A. B. Smith. Mr Brown, who appeared for defendant, consented to a verdict being given, as a remittance of the amount sued for wouid shortly be sent ; order for "mount, with 5s costs. The summoning- officer proceeded against Edmund Barryfornot sending his children, 1 Charlotte and Johanna Barry, to school the requisite number of days. Mr Enoch I Downs, truant-officer, stated thai lie had I often warned the defendant, but without j any effect ; fined 2s Gd in each case. Charles Forrest was also charged with not sending his two daughters, Jane and Annie, the required number of days to school for the quarter ending 31st March : I fined 2s Gd in each case. The Recent Fire Brig adf.s D emonstra- tion. — At the demonstration at Sandhurst the Three Men's Race was won by the I Albion brigade, but a protest was lodged by the Beechworth brigade, on the ground that one of the winners had nut been a I member of the brigade for six months, as required by the rules. Positive evidence on the point could not be given, because the books of the brigade had been burnt in the fire at Halstead and Kerr's timber- yard. Some doubt appears to have been expressed among the competitors as to the destruction of the books, and a meeting of the brigade was held on Monday Hight to consider the matter. The charred remains of the books were produced, and were brought to this office by the secretary and treasurer. They consisted of a mass of burnt paper, with writing here and there visible, and were apparently what they represented to be. — " Argus." The "Punch" Testimonial. — The total sum received towards the testimonial to the Punch, artist, in acknowledgment of his political services, amounts to £158 15s. A Suggestion.— -As Professor Pepper is announced to appear at the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, on. Tuesday, at eight o'clock, the same hour that the hospital committee meet, perhaps the president would call the latter meeting an hour earlier (seven o'clock), as that would enable everyone who feels se disposed to attend the lecture afterwards. We merely throw this out as a suggestion, at the same time hoping it will" be acted upon. The same may apply to the Bene volent Asyluin committee, which meets the following evening. New Insolvent.— George Strain, of Tarrawingee, hotelkeeper and farmer. Causes of insolvency : Failure of crops, damage to wheat-stacks by rain, and pressure of ereditors. Debts, £2774 ; assets, £2779; surplus, £5. Mr John Turner, official assignee. A general ineeting of creditors will be held in the court- house, : Beechworth, at eleven o'clock, a.m., on I Wednesday, 16th inst. Football. — A fifteen a-side match will be played on the Beechworth ground on Saturday next, between representatives of the Beechworth and Border United (Corowa) Football Clubs. The local team will comprise Bray, Douglas, Foote, Gordon, Miller, E. Moore, H. A. Moore, T. Moore, Murdoch, McCaul, Patterson, Skene, Smith, Springtliorpe, and Warton. Emergencies : F. Brett and Ingram. The visitors, who will leave Corowa at six o'clock on Saturday morning are J. Cams, J. Chivell, G. Clayton, D. Day, H. Downes, J. Grimmond, W. Jamieson, G. Fitzgerald, J. Levin, J. Osborne, P. K. Ritchie, A. Ritchie, J. Reau, A. Thome, and L. Whitehead ; with Oswald, Thom son, Clark and Harvey, as emergencies. The ball will be kicked off at half-past two o'clock. Sale of Valuable .Horse Stock.— At the sale of thoroughbred horses in the estate of Mr J. B. May, conducted by Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., at their yards, Beechworth, the following were sold as nnder : — Entire horse Harpoon, for £70, to Mr John Hunt, . of -.Bowman's Forest ; grey gelding Chancellor, to the same buyer, at £12 ; grey gelding Myrtle, at £7 10s, to Mr J. Lang, Stanley ; brood mares, colts, fillies and foals, at satisfactory prices; also, on account of owner, two draught horses, at £45 ; grey filly, 2 years old, £9 10s. . Gas for Beechworth.: — We have fre- quently m our columns advocated the desirability of establishing a company to proeure a supply of gas in Beechworth ; and once more return to the subject, which was on Tuesday again mooted in our hearing by several leading residents of the town. Mr Matthew Dodd, when, as a candidate lor a seat in the United bnire Council, addressing a public meeting of the ratepayers of the borough in August last, pointed out that about the year 1S64 a company had been started at Williams- town with a capital of £3000, and had ever since supplied that town with gas, arid proved a financial success to the pro moters. And if this could be done in one town, why not in another 1 we would ask. It is true that the cost of carriage of coal to Beechworth for the purpose named would be a considerable item of cost ; but having the railway running, as it were, to the very doors of a gasworks, if established, why not utilise it to convey the material required for carrying on ihe manufacture of an article which would supply a much- toiu ucicuuiu uue iigiibuig ul uul auiceua ctnu. public buildings, not to mention the economy if used in private dwellings. Therefore we would urge the ratepayers to, without delay, make a decided move, by requesting the President of the United Shire to call a public meeting, to fully consider and decide what steps shall he taken in the matter, to which it is our intention in a future issue to refer at greater length. Friendly Societies.— We are in receipt of the report of the registrar of friendly societies for the year ending 31st Decem ber, 1S79. A Hard Hit. — Mr Murray Smith, the member for Boroondara, in his speech on Monday evening against the Payment of Members Bill, said he had read in the London " Spectator" a letter declaring that the majority of the then paid Parliament of Victoria was " a corrupt ring banded together for corrupt purposes, and not in ferior to the Tammary ring of America." Insolvency Meeting. — A meeting of creditors in the estate of Henry Kett, publican and butcher, Wangaratta, was held at the Court House last Tuesday forenoon, before Mr Fred. Marsden, chief clerk in insolvency. Mr John Turner, official assignee, was present, and handed in the following proofs of debts : — R. D. Reid, £1761 6s Sd ; F. G. and J. B. Docker, £204 os ; William Wilson, £95 lsGd ; Bank of New South Wales. £85 lis 6d ; John Jones, £57 Cs. MrR. D. Reid moved, and MrF. G. Do- ker seconded, that the estate be left in the hands of Mr Jno. Turner, the official assignee, at a re muneration of 5 per cent, upon all monies coming into his hands, commission to in clude all expenses ; and. that all monies be longing to the estate be paid into the Lon don Chartered Bank of Australia, Wan garatta: — Carried. The meeting then closed. The Reform Bill. — The debate on the second reading of the Reform Bill was resumed in the Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr Jones. He warmly sup ported the extension of the franchise for the Upper House, pointing out that by it that Chamber would be liberalized and brought into harmony with the will of the people. He ridiculed the idea that any attempt was being made to attack man hood suffrage, and coritended that house holders alone should have a voice in the election of members of the Upper House. In support of that assertion, he stated that by dissecting the general rolls, he found on comparing the old rules with the new, that five-sixths of tbe names were new, and that in the rate-payers' roll for the city of Melbourne, for three years, the comparison showed nearly one- half to be new names. He considered that the provision for the Council to temporarily eliminate any item from the Appropriation Bill, by sending a message io the Assembly, was far short of the power . now possessed by it, and also by the House of Lords. Mr Ninuno followed, and in the course of his remarks denounced the bill generally, expressing a hope that it would never be come law, and declaring his intention of voting against it Mr McLean then ad dressed the House, and made a most ex cellent impression. His remarks were not lengthy, but consistent and to the point. He stated that at first he was inclined to favor the plebiscite, but on examining the effects of it,: he found he could not sup port such a principle, and declared that it would be of no avail as it would not suit the country constituencies, although it might the towns and large centres of population. He supported the bill gene rally, and said that some details required amendment, but in committee was the proper place to do that. Mr Longmore took up the cudgels for the Opposition, and in his usual rambling style took up the time of the House for over an hour, con cluding by declaring, as though it would be startling news, that he was a strong opponent of the bill. Mr Hai-ris made a few- pertinent remarks, in which he an nounced his intention of supporting the bill : arid the debate was then, soon after 10 o'clock, adioumed until to-day, on the motion of Mr Richardson.- Telegraph." A Disputed Appointment.— The " Age" in its issue of Wednesday last, complains of the appointment, as messenger in the Attorney-General's department, of a young man named Edmanson, a son ".'of Mr Tlios. G. Edmanson, contractor, . late of Beech worth ; and thinks it quite probable that. Mr Kerferd will be interrogated about the matter in the House. The grounds of the complaint are alleged to be that the ap pointment was made about the time of the announcement that " a few days before ' the commencement of the session the j Chief Secretary, in pursuance of the ; announced policy of retrenchment, dis- j missed three messengers, who had been j for some time employed in connection with I the Legislative Assembly and that the " person appointed happens to be the son : of a constituent, and supporter of the I member for Beechworth. " What next 1 Sale of Stock-in-trade. — In our busi ness columns it is notified that the whole of the stock-in-trade purchased from the trustees in- the estate of R. Dunlop, of Oxley, is being ' ' sacrificed" at Cavanagh's store, Wangaratta. Dentistry. — Mr S. De Saxe, surgeon dentist, of Melbourne, intimates that he will be in Beechworth from 9 a.m. till 3 p.m. on Wednesday, the 16th instant ; and at Waugaratta from 4.30 p.m. till 8.30 p.m. on the same date. Political Meeting. — Elsewhere in this issue the President of the United Shire has convened a public meeting ot the electors of Beechworth, to be held in the . Town Hall to-morrow (Friday) evening, for the purpose of according support to the Ministerial Reform Bill. Several members of Parliament are expected to be present. The Latest "Kelly News"— The following telegram appeared in the Argus of Wednasday, dated, the previous even ing : — The Tiimut police last night arrested a man on suspicion of being Joseph Byrnes, the bushranger. They have watched him a long time. Collins, a Turnut black smith, knew Byrnes when he was a groom in Victoria, and brought horses frequently for shoeing. Colins pointed him out amid a group in the Royal Hotel billiard-room, and says if it i3 not Byrnes it must be his "ghost. The prisoner is remanded for further identification. Art-Unions. — attention was called in the Legislative Council on Tuesday, by Mr Belcher, to the fact that real properties were being disposed of by art-union, contrary to the 31st section of the Police Offences Act, forbidding lotteries. Mr Cuthbert, inreply, statedthat the Attorney- General's department did not know of any cases or luegai arc-unions now oeing ad vertised. Under the more recent Act, No. 532, section 5, it was lawful to dis-. tribute property among the owners by lottery. Mr Belcher said that he did not refer to, distributions of that kind, but to. properties which were offered to the general public on the art- nnion principle. He mentioned that only a few days ago he himself had been affered a ticket in a. Ballarat lottery while travelling by rail between Melbourne and Geelong. Mr Cuthbert invited the hon. member to. communicate with the Attorney-General, if he was aware of any specific cases. — " Argus." , Bad News for Tobacco-smokers. -By files received by the last Californian mail we learn that scarcely one-fourth of the usual tobacco crop will be made in Vir ginia this year. The tobacco fly is destroy ing the growing plants rapidly. 