Wtlit mxh Pumor. ' Do you know butter is np to 65 cents a ponndr1 ' The hungry guest reaehed out and. took what there was left. ' Well,' he drawled approvingly and reassuringly, 'good butter is wuth it.' 'Prisoner at the bar,' said the judge, ** is there anything you wish to say before sentence = is passed upon you?' The prisoner looked wistfully toward the door, and remarked that he would like to say ?? Good evening, if it would be agreeable to the company.' No real generous man would go to a spiritaa seance given by a lady medium, and just as the: ghost is walking about (while the medium is tied in the cabinet) exclaim, 'There's a rat right by the ghost.' It spoils the effect tohave the ghost yell and gather up its skirts and run. A tall and portly gentleman from town once chanced to visit an English village on business,, and strolled down the ' street' in all the glory of shining boots, large gold watch-chain,, black coat, and high hat, all the pomp of Regent-street^ doubtless imagining that his grandeur astonished the rustics. A brown young rascal,, however., lookisg up — he was a tall man — with an air of intelligent criticism, audibly remarked — ' Hum ! He be very well up to his ankles — and then a' falls off!' The New York Times thus makes merry over Mr. Courtney and his misadventures : — ' Hard is the fate of the American people. No sooner; dees its collective bosom swell with hope than! something of the most discouraging nature- happens. A week ago the belief that Mr. Court ney woHld really row a race in May had become general, and now we are suddenly confronted with the terrible prospect that he will not row at all. There is no subject of more transcen dent importance than the rowing abilities of Mr... Courtney. It needs only a glance at oar news-: papers to be convinced of this fact. When the prospect that he will row is a doubtful one, the country is in a feverish and unsettled state*. People sometimes wonder why the United States Government has to pay 4 per cent, for money, when England can borrow alljBhe wants at 2b pet cent. Beyond any question, the real reason is the uncertainty which capitalists feel as to Mr. Courtney's intentions. What prudent maa. cares to buy the bonds of a country which is. liable at any moment to be convulsed by the refusal of Mr. Courtney to row a match which-; he had promised to row. England is not ex posed to any such contingency, and therefore ? her consols are regarded as a safe investment. Mr. Courtney is an element of such terrible un certainty that it is impossible that the bonds of his country should be regarded as perfectly safe. . For the last two months the prospect that he would row in May was eo great that there was a general revival of commercial prosperity, and Mr. Sherwin expressed the opinion that if the , confidence in regard to the approaching race continued, he would be able to place a 3 pec cent. loan. And now, just as we were eongratu- _ lating ourselves on the apparent stability of one ? institutions, the news comes that Mr. Courtney has devised a new plan for not rowing. The reason why people believed that Mir. Courtney would row was the fact that he had exhausted all the known methods of avoiding a race. He had on one occasion rowed his* shell against a concealed subaqueous wire,,, which had ripped a hole in the boat and put a sudden stop to the match ; on another occasion he had fallen suddenly ill; and last fall his boats were sawn assunder on the morn* ing of his moss important match. These seemed to be all the conceivable methods of avoiding a race, and it was manifest that none of these - could be tried twice. Concealed wires and sawn boats are misfortunes which will not bear zepetition, and no oarsman can fall sick on the eve of two different matches without running the risk of having his second attack prove f atal» . There was, then, good reason for believing that Mr. Courtney could not escape rowing on the Potomac next month, and the State department was fully justified in expressing that view to the - Governments of Europe. Just as the revival of public confidence was enabling people to pay tome little attention to such comparatively trifling matters as the next presidential election,, there conies, like lightning from a clear sky, the announcement that Mr. Courtney has. invented something that he calls a new rowing-rig which will, as he claims, enable him to row aboat three times faster than any man has hitherto rowed.. This ingenious rig he intends to use in the ap proaching race; and' with it he promises to leave : Mr. Hanlan so far behind that the latter will not know that a race is in progress. Of course, Mr. Courtney will not do anything of the kind. His new rig is simply a new method of not rowing, at all. He expects that the referee will forbid him to use it, on the ground that it will be an infringement of the conditions ef $he match, in which case he will refuse to row, and the hopes of the American people will be pnee more ruined. The ingenuity of the device cannot be denied. It is much more economical than .the plan of having one's boat sawed in twp.and u much more convenient than falluig »ick. ' Thafe ? it will be effective there is nok thele'ast doubt and we must make up our min&slbo; the awful certainty that Mr, Courtney will not row.' We i need noi remind our readers ho^r these prognos tications have been fulfilled by the sudden ' ill nesb'of Courtney in Ma contest with Hanlan. 