GENERAL NEWS. Hia Grace the Duke of Manchester was one of the passengers by the Orient steamer Sorata', which. arrived off the Semaphore this morning. His Grace has been appointed honorary commissioner to the Melbourne Exhibition. The interest which he has always manifested in colonial affairs renders this ap pointment an exceedingly appropriate one. He is the vice-president of the Council of the Royal ColonialInstitute, at whose meetings he gene rally acts as Chairman, and was at one time President of the same body. We take the fol lowing biographical sketch of the Duke from "Debnett's Peerage":—" William Drago Mon tagu, 7th Duke; born October 15, 1823; suo> seeded his father in 1855; was educated at the Royal Military College, Southport; entered the Grenadin Guards, 1841; became Captain 1848, and retired 1850; served as aide-de-camp to the Governor of the Cape (Sir P. Maitland) 1843-4; has been Major in the Huntingdon Militia since 1872. and Lieut-Colonel in the Huntingdon Light Horse Volunteers since 1885; was a Lord of the Bedchamber to the Prince Consort in 1852; and M.P. for Bewdley 1848 52, and for Huntingdonshire 1852-5; married (1852) Countess Lonise Frederics Augusta d'Alten, second daughter of Count d'Aiteu. The family of the Duke was ennobled in 1620, when the Montague of that time was made Viscount Mandeville and Baron Montague of Kimbalton; the earldom of Manchester was created in 1626; and the dukedom in 1719. His Grace was taken ashore from the Sorata this morning in a steam launch, specially provided for bis use, and later on proceeded to the vice regal residence at Marble Hill, whither he was accompanied by His Excellency the Governor, the Chief Secretary, and a number of other gentlemen. Mr. 0. J. Coates has received a telegram, from Mr. Samuel Davenport, stating that no exhibits will be admitted to the Melbonrae Exhibition after September. 16. The following is the rainfall between 9 am. on Thursday and the same hour oa 1'riday:— Alice Springs... 0020 Strathalbyn ... 0*005 Beltana ... 0*190 Millicenfc ... 0 050 Mouut Gambier 0*0 50 Narraco 'rto ... 0110 Strangwavs SpngsO 010 Blicman ... 0*190 Kapunda ... 0*010 Ncarlimga ... 0*050 „ Petola... ... 0 030 < The following is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph line:—Port Darwin, South port, Powell Creek, and Farina, calm, clear, fine; Tarn Creek, Pine Creek, River Catherine, Daly Waters, Tennant Creek, Charlotte Waters, Peake, and Strang ways Springs, S.E., clear, fine; Barrow Creek, EJ3.E., clear, fine; Alice Springs, calm, cloudy, dull; Beltana, N.E., clear, fine. The Orient line steamer Sorata arrived this morning from England. She sailed from Plymouth on July 24 and was at the Cape on Augnstl6. A somewhat warm debate took place in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon iurefe rence to the case of Mr. Boothby. It was com menced by the Hon. L. Glyde, who on a formal motion-'pressed the Government for further information with regard to the present aspect of the case, and strongly condemned the delay which has already arisen in dealing with the whole affair. He also asked whether it was true that the Government had communicated with Mr. Deering, of the Agent- General's office in London, with the view of obtaining that gen tleman's acceptance of one of the. two positions now vacant in the Oivil Service. The Trea surer, in reply to Mr. Glyde's remarks, repealed the statements which were published-in these columns on Wednesday as to the appointment of a board of enquiry into Mr. Boothby's case, under the provisions of the Oivil Service Act. He maintained that Mr. Boothby had a perfect right to demand an enquiry. With regard.to Mr. Deering he re marked that no telegrams had been sent to that gentleman on the subject referred to by Mr. Glyde. This explanation was subsequently alluded to by Mr. Glyde as evasive. In the ooarse of the debate varying opinions were expressed as to the aotion of the Government. Some members thought that Mr. Boothby's case should have been decided long before the present time, and that the delay which had taken place was hot only cruel to him but injurious to the Civil Service. It was also argued that the Govern ment were endeavoring, by the appointment of boards of enquiry to be relieved of the respon sibility of deciding the question for themselves. Other members took a different view, contending thatthe Government had acted properly through out, and it was pointed out that Mr. Boothby, who had served the public for many years in a satisfactory manner, should have the .fullest and fairest enquiry into his conduct before his case was finally decided. The laBt board of enquiry had been simply appointed to enable the Government to deter mine whether or not they were justified in recommending His Excellency to allow Mr. Boothby a retiring allowance. On receiving .the repoil of the board .they had decided not to make such a recommendation, and Mr. Boothby then demanded an enquiry, as according to the provisions of the Civil Service Act he had under such circumstances a perfect right to do. The ditcnstion of the matter was reprobated by several members as injudicious, and a sugges tion that the report of the last board of enquiry should be laid before the House was strongly objected to, on the ground that it might preju dice the interests of Mr. Boothby, who was entitled, to have the enquiry he asked for con ducted in & thoroughly independent manner. The oft-discussed question of the brewers' monopoly of public-houses was debated in the Assembly on Thursday during the considera tion of the Licensed Yiotnallers Bill in com mittee. The Hon. J. Colton.proposed bis new . clause, intended to strike at the root of the monopoly by rendering illegal a provision in the lease of any publican requiring him to ob tain the liquor sold in his house from any parti cular brewer or wine and spirit merchant, and giving the Licensing Bench the power.of re fusing a licence to a house the tenant of which is bound in the manner indicated. The prin cipal argument of the hon. gentleman, in moving this clause, was that the present monopoly of the .brewers injured the publican by making him in many cases pay high prices for inferior beer, and that it also worked to the detriment of publio interests. This view of the monopoly was dissented from by the majority of the members who spoke on the subject. The Com missioner of Grown Lands opposed the clause on the ground that it had not been shown that the monopoly had a bad effeot in relation to the interests of the pnblic, and he pointed out I that it would be time enough to break down the | monopoly when there wbb evidence of its mis cbievonsness. The members in the Honse who are representatives of the brewing interest indignantly denied the assertions of Mr. Oolton. They stated that brewers' tenants paid no more for their beer than independent pnblicans, and they also met with an unqualified denial the statement that the qnality of the beer supplied to the public suffered through the monopoly. It was farther pointed ont that the monopoly .. tended to improve the oharaoter of public houses, because it was to the interest of the brewers to see that their tenants properly managed the houses they occupied, aud in the .event of the olaiise being agreed to it wasshown that its.apirit could be easily evaded. The feel ing of the House was so strong against the pro posal of Mr.; Oolton that the hon. gentleman finally consented to withdraw it. A subsequent attempt on the part of the same member ta legislate against tbe praotice of providing theatrical performances and musical and dancing entertainments in :public-hoases met with a similar failnre. The Hon. Mr. Col toil succeeded^ however, in. passing, With ah important proviso suggestedbythe Commissionerof OroWn Lands, two new clauses enabling two justices of :the peace when satisfied that a person was " by ex cessive drinking ofliqnor misspending, wasting, or lessening* his,or her- estate, orgreatly in jnring his or her health, or' endangering or interrupting the peace and happiness of his or her family," to make an order prohibiting the sale or supply on licensed pre mises of intoxicating liqnor to such persons. The proviso was to the effect that no such order1 should be given unless on complaint and sum mons being made iu the manner provided by Act No. 6 of 1850, which gives the person against whom the order is sought to be made au opportu nity of answering the complaint. The Rev. J. C. Kirby, of Sydney, who lately received a call to the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, has sent a favorable reply to the church authorities. We are informed that the schooner Marv Webster on her last trip from Spencer's Gulf was not under the charge of her master, as stated in our shipping report, but under that of the mate, owing to the illness of Captain Hies. We understand that the arrangement made for settlement of the case of Hauliu and Liston, Shakes, & Co!, which has lately engaged public attention, was that plaintiffs Bhould abandon all claims against Messrs. Liston, Shakes, & Co., and conditionally undertake to pay portion of defendants' oosts. Sir Thomas Elder received a telegram from New Zealand on Thursday, September 2, announcing that Mr. James Armstrong, a partner of Mr. Barr Smith, had-been drowned with his nephew while crossing the river at Wanganui.. Mr. Armstrong was well known in South Australia, having been Mr. Smith's part ner for many years in the Fowler's Bay ran, and about seven or eight years since he left this colony to reside at a station called Atikio, which they purchased on the west coast of New Zea land. Mr. Armstrong, we believe, leaves a widow and two children. The fortnightly meeting of the beard of management of the Toung Men's Christian Association was held on Thursday afternoon, September 2. The bequest of the late Mr. Thos. Philipson having been received, it was daoided to materially increase the library at an early date. The classes for elocution, shorthand, &c.;, were reported to have been very successfully commenced. The evangelistic committee re ported the success of the Academy services on Sunday evenings; and also that they had re ceived £2 2s. from Messrs. Matters & Co. for that object. To-morrow evening Mr. Matthew Bur nett will hold the third of his fourth series of Saturday night meetings at Norwood. Mr. Burnett's sympathisers are' invited to assemble at the Town Hall, Norwood, and take part in a torchlight procession, which will start at a quarter to 7 o'olock. After Kensington and Norwood have been marched through, a mass meeting is to be held behind the Wesley an Church. Mr. S. D. Glyde, J.P., has promised to preside at the meeting, and the Kev. J. Langs ford and Messrs. J. Bone and B.Gill are an nounced to speak. A new and valuable discovery of copper is announced as having been made seventy miles north-east of the Barra, near Kennedy's Dam. The discoverers are Messrs. Beaglehole, Hearn, and Brown. They have secured 160 acres of land from the Government, and state that they have two fine lodes on the section, from which they have raised about five tons of ore worth at least 30 per cent, of pure copper. Mr. Andrew Thomas assayed a sample which gave rather over 30 per cent., and a splendid sSoue of grey ore worth over 40.per cent, may be seen at the I'riuce Alfred Hotel. We have been informed by the secre taries of the South Adelaide Football Olub chat it is the intention of the clnb to take legal pro ceedings in theSnpreme Court against the South Australian Football Association for their action in expelling the club from the association. We uudentand that the oonduct of the association and the rules have been considered by Mr. Stuart, of the firm of Bruce & Stuart, and that gentle man has given the opinion that the association had no power to expel the club. Messrs. C. C. Kingston and J. H. Sinclair have been retained to conduct the action on behalf of the 8. A. Olub. Amongst the defendants in the case the names of Messrs. A. J. Diamond and J. Cre3swell, the mover and seconder of the motion for expelling the club from the association, are mentioned. In Mr. Sewell's nursery at Payneham there are now several plants of the ,Oape Heath (Erica) in fall bloom; being perfect pictures of health and_ beauty. They were planted last year in a circular bed in the most exposed - part of the garden, the soil being made up of a portion of blaok sandy loam from the bed of the Torrens, mixed with theatiff, yellow clay of the gardens so as to make it less liable to crack or become pervious to the action of the atmosphere. This attempt to establish Heaths on the plains has been attended with.greafc success, as nearly all the varieties planted have survived, the exception being among the few that were European natives, and a noteworthy fact in connection with _ the experiment is that the plants only reoeived two. artificial waterings during the season. One of the varieties, E. hybirdia is a solid mass of flowers of the brightest crimson hue. E. Arborea is also very handsome, and the indispensable E. Bowieana grows and flowers luxuriantly and continuoasly. A ghost story comes from Nagambie, in Victoria, and is thus told by.the local paper " Persons visiting the railway station, and those who have had occasion to visit that locality at night, have been greatly frightened by seeing a * ghost.' A few evenings ago it appeared near the end of the railway platform, and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in height, arrayed in pure white. The form was that of a female with, as far as could be discerned, a deathlike face. It was noiseless in its movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity. One of the porters, who has a considerable amount of courage, proceeded in the direction of the apparition, and when within easy range fired at it; but to his aston ishment after the^ smoke had cleared away he found the apparition was close to him. He was perfectly terrified, and, dropping his gun, made for his friends at-lightning speed. One night as the half-past 9 cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, was travelling along the railway .read towards the town, a short distanoe from the station, the spectrum again appeared on the hillside about fifty yards from the cab, and as the conveyance proceeded so did the figure. This frightened the passengers, and especially the driver, so that he drove his horses at a furious pace, soon losing sight of the apparition. It is currently reported that the stationmaster has applied to be removed." . The following report from the Conser vator- of Forests with regard to the timber cat at theWirrabara Sawmills was laid before the House of Assembly by the Commissioner of Grown Lands on Thursday,- September 2 "The true white gum of this colony (Eacalyptus Faaiculata) does not (asifar as I am yet aware) exist in the Wirrabara Forest, so that no tinaber of this class has been cut at .the sawmills. Until about tbree weeks ago a small proportion of sugar gum (Eucalyptus Garynocaly) timber was cut at the sawmills. Of the 7,000 sleepers now cut I estimate roughly that about 600 are of sugar gum timbers. . The light colored sleepers referred to by <( Laura " in his letter to the Register, and oalled by him (white gum' and ' sugar gum,' are therefore chiefly the true blue gum of South Australia. Since the enquiry at the sawmills on the 3rd inst. by Messrs. Lovell and Bath, in conjunction with myself, I am not aware of any sugar gum sleepers having been out. At the time of my visit I saw one log of sugar gum on the skid at the mill, bat on en quiry I found this was intended to be cut into scantlings. I may be allowed to remark here that there is a very great similarity in the ap pearance of the timber of the blue and sngar gums when seen in the sawn state after cutting, and that considerable experience is required to distinguish eaoh kind amongst aheap of sleepers. As a case in point I observed some blue gum sleepers which had been rejected on the plea of their being sugar gum. The specific gravity is about equal in both timbers (70 lbs. fully per cubio foot), though the longitudinal grain of the sugar gum is straighter than that of the blue gum, as may be seen in the specimen of both timbers accompanying this letter." The report of the President of the Marine Board on.the gas beacons in the Port Biver was laid before the Assembly on Thursday, Sep tember 2, being furnished according to the order of the House, on the motion of Mr. Henning. The report is as follows:—" The beacons are used by some of the coasting steamers, small sailing craft, and Government dredging vessels; when dependence can be placed on them being always alight I have no doubt that they will come into general use for all ordinary-sized vessels. The beacons are in good repair at pre sent. The cost of maintenance from 1st October, 1879, ontil 30th June, 1880, was £182 13s. 4d. The actual amount paid for gas for the same period was £323 13s. 7d. Twelve beacons have been alight since the 1st March, 1880 (when the.: Marine Beard took charge of them) with the following exceptions;— On March 11 ..and 12 Nos. 11 and 12 were hot; alight, and on the 25th and 26th Noa. 6 to 12, inclusive, were not alight. The cause of these beacons not being lighted arose from the fact that the joints of piping' had been broken through strong tides having washed the sand away from them. On the 25th and 26th of March they were all blown out by the force of the wind.f Possibly the construction of the lamp had something to do with it. Having ascertained that the outer beacons would always be more or less liable (through the broken joints) to be put out, I determined to try a mineral oil lampi and finding it so successful have applied the same to all the beaoons. With the lamps and burners in use, burning day and night, the consumption is two gallons per beacon per week, the cost neb exceeding Is. 6d. per gallon. The cost of maintenance will also be considerably reduced with such a consumption efoil. The lights are good, and reported to be oqual to gas." An entertainment is to be given in the Pirie-street Wesley an Lecture-hall this evening. ] Owners and trainers are cautioned, against employing a lad named Fletcher, who' deserted Mr. Hill's service at St. Leonard's. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Rowing Club is to be held at the Ship Inn, Port Ade laide, this evening. The annual meeting of the Great Northern Pacing Club is to be held this after noon, at Muller's Hotel, Gladstone. The opening meeting of the season of the Port Pioneer Cricket Club will be held this. evening at the Sussex Hotel. It is more than probable that Mr. Savill will take the Wandering Jew and Banter over to Melbourne to fulfil engagements.at the special race meeting to be got up in honor of His Excsl lency Sir Hercules Robinson on September 18. At the monthly meeting of the Port Adelaide-Football Club on Thursday evening, September 2, it was decided to hold the annual j athletio sports to celebrate the close of the season on Saturday, October 2. There was a fair attendance at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening to witness the performance of "New Babylon." The various characters were well played, and the piece was thoroughly enjoyed. " N8W Babylon" will be repeated this evening. "We have received the latest issues of the Garden and the Field sad. Truth and Progress. By the latter we notice that it is intended to raise a fund for the benefit of the late Rev. H. L. Tuck's widow and family, who, it appears, are left in somewhat necessitous circumstances. The hounds will meet on Saturday at Pellatt Villa. Cards have been sent to mem bers for an earlier hour than usual, and those who have experienced Mr. Townsend'a prover bial hospitality for ten successive years under similar circumstances-will look forward with pleasure to this meet. From the Coventry Standard of July 9 we see that Mr. Jarvis, the representative of South Australia in the Australian Eleven now playing in England, was chosen to play in a match at Nuneaton between five of the United South of England and eleven seleoted frsm a twenty-two of Nuneaton and district, who had just defeated a United South of England Eleven by 20 wickets. That the confidence in Jarvis shown by his selection to play was not misplaced is evidenced by the fact that when time was called at the close of the day G. F. Grace and Jarvis, who were the first to go in, were still at the, wickets, the former having scored 55 and the latter 37. The second of the course of lectures by Professor Pepper to children attending the model and private schools was delivered in the Academy of Mnsic on' Thursday afteruom, September 2. The hall was crowded, and the seating of those present was carried out with farj less difficulty than on the occasion of the first lecture. The Professor said in his previous address he had tried to explain how light travelled over the immense distance between the sun and the earth, and the wave or vibratory theory of light. He now had something to say upon the persistence of vision, whioh was the obstinate retention of any picture which came before it upon the retina nerve or mind of the eye. Sir Isaac Newton once heard, that by looking at the sun for a certain time, and then turning to some dark object, all the solar spectrum would be visible, and he tried the experiment with such result that it was a long time before he could get the glare of the sun oat of his eyes. The Professor gave two or three illustrations of the persistence of vision, one of which was performed by means of Geissler'svaonnm tabes,into which a strong light was east, and whioh when revolved rapidly seemed to form a perfect circle of light. Another very beautiful experiment was given by means of these tabes, the electricity from a voltaic battery being passed through them, and they were then revolved as before, the result being an extremely pretty combination of lights and colors. This experiment led up to the production of the astrometrosGope, which threw a number of star-shaped spots on the screen, and these by revolving an eliptical and cycloidal motions produced an endless variety of beautiful com binations. The photometer, an instrument for measuring the intensity of light, was next ex plained, the Professor showing that when the intensity of light from two flames was to be compared, a stick had to be placed in front of a screen and the two light so arranged that the shadow cast from the stick on the screen by eaoh should be equal. The distance from the screen to the two lights had then to be mea8nred,andthe8e squared would give the re lative intensities of the light. At this stage of the lecture the professor said as his audience had followed him so closely in what had been said so far he thought another kind of shadow he conld produce on the screen might please them. He then presented that optical illusion invented by himself, and which is known over nearly the whole world as the shadow panto mime. It is hardly necessary to say that this was received with uproarious laughter, while the simple explanation of the illusion seemed to be perfectly understood. He then proceeded to deal with another property of light- reflection, illustrating the action of the clouds and vapor in transmitting the light to the earth. In the reflection of light the incident ray and the re flected ray were in one plane, and the angle of reflection was. equal to the angle of incidence. Having referred to the cerebrated ghost illusion, the Professor brought bis lecture to a close by a continuation of the views already given upon torpedoes. The interest on this', occasion was fully as well sustained as at the first lecture, and the Professor was several times greeted with loud applause. The lecture was repeated in the evening when there was a gocd attendance of the general pnblic. . 