L ILY'S FORTUNE. , . > . > BY :HATtOED.\V.. H. STEPHEN. . . : Chapter viii. — Rough Times at Forest Creek. As in a picture tlio contrast o£ light and shade tends to produce the harmonious whole, so in a word-painting contrast is necessary to prevent insipidity. Sweets pall upon the palate if indulged in too ircety, anu a aasu or timers is an excellent appetiser." I trust that the bitters I have pro vided in the last three chapters will enable the reader the belter to enjoy the sweets to come. The company of rogues is not fascinating, and I am glad that 1 am able to leave my rogue for a while, and tell of the doings of honest people. First, of our heroine. Her career at the theatre had been one uninterrupted success, and the manager, Mr. Stapylton Uuggles, vowed that there was iiui- iter uquui mjuui ui uic iuiu. aiu»wiuviw)t( the business did not admit of an increase of salary, for it was the dry season, water was scarce, and the diggers had 110 money to spare for theatre-going. Indeed, to tell the truth, shortly after Christmas the company were put on half salaries ; and there even arrived one awful Monday morning when the ghost did not walk at all. On that occasion ltuggles made an nflecting appeal to his people to stand by him, nnd actually wept tears of distress. Mr. Mortimer Colliuson inquired how it happened that there was no money in the treasury so soon after a successful season with the pantomime. This elicited the humiliating confession from Rugglcs that lie had been speculating, been speculating ! Horrible 1 Speculating with the money which ought to have been kept to pay honest hard- work ing people's salaries ! Mr. Collinson was as' tonished — lie might even say considerably aston ished — at the a.udacity. of a jntin .who could.. be. guilty of Eucitaii offence, and then' come there and own it without even so. much as a blush on hisi face! ' What 'would you have him do, then 7" asked Dr. Grantham. " Would you like him to come here a, id lie to us ?" Mr. Collinson' repudiated the insinuation with scorn. But what lie did want was his money ; and that he would have, or never speak a Hue on those boards again. Mr. Jack Rawlins said be didn't want to be hard on any man, but he must say it was not the Equarc tiling to do. People knew what business was doing in the theatre, and had a right to expect o ho paid out of the money earned by them. Theatrical managers should he content with the theatre, and not go outside to waste their money. Mr. Buggies explained that, ho had bought into some really good claims, but there was no water, nnd there had not. been a wash-up for six weeks- lie promised the ladies and gentlemen arrears in lull as soon as the rain came. " I think that is lair enough," said Lily. " N<> doubt it was thoughtless of Mr. ltuggles to invest so largely, but surely we can trust hiui for a week or two." Sallie Despard (Mrs. Stapylton Buggies) crept up to Lily nnd kissed her. " Thank you, my dear," she said ; " I always thought you wore a brick." Mrs. Grabbles was so moved by this incident that she subbed, and more osciliatiou was indulged in by the ladies, whi 1st the gentlemen looked foolish, and began to slammer out their regrets, &c.; You sec it was rather hard upon them, for, according to all traditions in such cases, the ladies are supposed to he inexorable ; and not a few of the male members of the company had hesitated to comply with Itug- gles's request, simply because ihev dreaded curtain lecturing on the subject. How is it that tiic gentle sex are so bard to deal with in money matters Whence conies it that tiic female bosom is 'so triply shielded- against Ihc appeals of impecunious cre ditors? I know not, myself : but I do know that for my part I make it a practice to avoid every description of business with the ladies. Buggies, having the fair sex on his side — for the other ladies could not resist the temptation of parti cipating in the sobbing and kissing — Bug gies, that sly one, saw that the. game was won, and indeed made a very affecting speech on the occasion, in the course of which he made grand play witli iris handkerchief, and introduced that touching break in the voice which never failed to bring down the house. Nevertheless, be was wise enough not to irust to his unaided eloquence, but wound up the proceedings by sending for u large supply of liquor, which was consumed with much hilarty, so that Hie meeting which began in as melancholy fashion as an English wedding, finished as lively as an Trish wake. After that memorable day ihc prospects did not brighten though, for the rain held off per.sistcutly, nnd soon work was at a standstill in all the claims on the creek. Buggies at last proposed to close the theatre for a "time, and the company agreed, for even actors and actresses get tjred of working for nothing. AU this while, Stopps and, his brother-in-law fared very bndly, for they had long since spent their little capital, and their claim had as yet boon absolutely' unproductive. Hail It not been for Lily and the Doctor, they would, indeed, have stood a good chance of starving. One fine morning, just after the theatre had closed, Lily, Mrs. Looker, nnd Dr. Grantham wore scaled in a parlour discussing, as everybody was doing, the prospects of the season, when to them entered Mr. Dug Looker, very iiot and irate, and altogether the reverse of amiable. " To think," said he, throwing himself on the Eofa, " that I should have been such a cussed fool as to come to this etnrnai country 1 'Spose," ho added, turning fiercely to the Doctor, " You've got nothin' to say for it now. have ycr. Mot a drop of rain for over two months, and now even the wells are dryin' up 1" " What 1" exclaimed the Doctor, You do not mean to say the wells arc (Irving up?" ' Just so," replied Dug coolly. " Barnabas, old Barney, from mother Davis's lolly shop next door, comes in just, now, and asks lor a bucket o' water., ' Bucket n' rum, T guess von- mean, you old fool," says 1 — lint he didn't — water was what lie wanted, and lie tells us how their well give out last night." " By. Heaven,, that's serious !'' exclaimed the Doctor : " Why, their yard is next to yours." " lluti the well in this yard was fixed by an America)!, young man. You didn't think Dug I .roller was nob a duties'! us to be caught like a rat in a trap without a drop of water to wet his whistle No, sir — there's a leetle tank alongside o' that well, and uicbbe a matter o' forty tbousaml gallon of water stored in it. All the same, I'm not agoin' to find water for all the town for ilix, and it the drought lasts, if I can't soli whisky. 1 calcu late I'll make it lip out o' the water." " Oh, Dug," exclaimed Mra. Looker, " Surely you wouldn't trade on tire misfortune of your neighbours "There!" said Mr. Looker, pointing to his spouse, " There's an intelligent female for you ! Not trade on the misfortunes of my neighbours .' When I hold n full hand, knock out o' the game because the other chaps ain't got a pair among 'cm. Great Samson ! It's enough to make a man's liair curl to kear such talk 1 Look at the Doctor now— don't he make money out o' the misfortunes of his neighbours.' For all his sitting there as innocent as a babby with a feeding-bottle, lie s pist thmkm what a nice tning ne d make out of it if I was to break .'my leg bad — so's I'd be laid up for a couple o' months or so." " Oh, Mr. Looker !" exclaimed Lily very indig nantly, " I'm sure Dr. Graathnn is Blinking' nothing of the kind !" " Wn-nl, lucbbe lie ain't — but I remember ttie time in: lay in thnt verandah day after day a- wishin' to gracious that au epidemic 'ud break out- on tho creek." Lily glanced at tie Doctor, who blushed under her gaze, and was obliged to admit the truth of tho indictment — " But," he added. " I didn't mean it, you know. Unfortunately, we doctors do live oil tho misfortunes of our neighbours, nnd you can scarcely wonder at our murmuring when business is slack." " But to wish that an epidemic would break out ! That is awful." " Jest you wait till you're married, young lady," said Dug, " nnd when rhe dimes don't come in fast enough to pay for the kids' boots, I guess you'll be a-bollerin' out for an epidemic too." This nwful speech completely annihilated Lily, and even Dr. Granthan blushed, and felt uncom fortable, whilst Mrs. Looker looked unutterable things at her husband, and began ferociously dust ing the side-board. . Yon needn't wink at me, Mrs. Looker,!' went on the incorrigible Dug ; ' I know wbat I'm a- talkin' oil well enough. Mebbe you remember what. I said to yon the night as that denied fool Ktopps got smashed up at the theatre 1 I said to you, alloodin' to tliem two over yonder — I said as they ougiiter to get hitched. ' Nonsense,' says you ; ' They've never spoken of such a thing.' What did I say, inarm ! 1 said as meblie the Doctor was too bashful, and as how I'd start him. Did'nt I say ail tiiat now, hey ?" The feelings of the company during the de livery of this neat little speecli may lie better imagined than described : — Lily covered her face and almost sobbed ; Mrs. Looker looked the picture of indignation ; and Dr. Grantham looked foolish. Not a word was said, and Dug Looker looked around in triumph. " Mrs. Looker," said he, at last, " go into the bar — I'm a goin' out to sound the, well. I guess I've started 'cm, and we'll jist quit to leave 'cm to finish the contract." As tho lioor closed on the eccentric couple, Lily rose, and would have followed them, but Dr. Grantham bad sense enough not to lot the oppor tunity slip. "Lily!" ho cried, " hear me for one moment. You do not surely imagine that I insti gated Looker to make such a speech ?" Lily looked at him, but made no reply. Some how or other, without anything more being said oil either side, before two minutes had passed, those young people were seated side by side on the sofa, the gentleman's arm around the lady's waist, and the lady's head reclined upon the gentleman's shoulder. This is a position with which we are all familiar, and. is eminently calculated for the in terchange of confidential communications between young people of opposite sexes, and for the con jugation of the verb /tmti. Strange to say, neither Lily nor Dr. Grantham began in the usual fashion. Barring tho kissing — there are some things which cannot lie avoided — and kissing, under the circum stances in 'which. our, hero, and heroine found them- seikes, is simplj-a nratter of course. Shall I tell wliat these' young people: talked about? Ithinknot. -Mv hand, is too clumsy" for such delicate work ; and T fear, besides; that' the .matter-of- fact reader (who of course never was in love himself, or twittered nonsense with' a fair young girl) would form but a poor estimate of the mental powers of my hero and heroine if I ad- mi tied liirn behind the scenes. Lily and Kdivard Grantham talked. I dare say, just about as much nonsense as voj and I, dear render, did when we were young and in love ; and you may he sure that when two young newly-affianced people talk anything else, Dan Cupid has had little to do with 1 heir wooing. Dr. Grantham pressed for an early union ; urging in support of his views an immense variety of arguments, lucidly arranged and eloquently put; but all to no purpose. Lily declared that she could not dream of such a thing. " I do not wish to offend you, dear," :,ho said, when he demanded a reason for her decision, " hut it seems to me only right thai we should look the thing fairly in the face. You would not like your wife to he working hard for her living, and you know that as a secne- pninlcr in a diggings theatre you can scarcely do more than earn enough for yourself. Let us wait' until we have saved money enough to establish you in practice : or until I come into my fortune." " Ah, when will that lie !" sighed the Doctor, who saw the futility of argument. it irn«. n t:i„ i__ a nr.. vul(l suuij, Ml, luijucu j » ivuuiuum . iuy cousin, Hugh, will bo very glad to accept our offer of a compromise, and then— and then — " " And then the rich heiress, Miss Lily Asliton, will return to her friends in England, and take her proper position in the county society : leaving her compliments and a curt soy for the poor doctor with whom she had condescended to amuse herself during her days of exile." Lily's eyes Hashed, and she turned very red. "Do you meau that?" she asked. " Do you really think that. I. should behave so The look and tone brought her repentant lover to his knees in no time. Of course lie was only joking ; did slu: think he could have such a bnd opinion of her, Ate., &c.;, all which naturally ended in that re integrate) ameri which is so delicious to nowly-fiedgcd love. Now the door opened, nnd Mr. Dug Looker appeared. " May I come in?" he asked. "Have you fixed it up all right !" "Come in, Dug," said Dr. Grantham ; "it's all right." At this invitation the landlord entered; but Lily rose to make her escape, not being by any means certain that it would be safe for her to re main under such embarrassing circumstances. " Don't go, Miss !" cried Dug — " pledge you my word, I'll not ask no awkward questions. Besides, you've not yet thanked me for putting things in train, and giving this bashful young gentleman a start." What; reply tho lady would have made to this speech must remain a matter of conjecture, for at this moment the door fiew open with a crash, and Mr. Stapyhton Ruggles burst into the room, fol lowed by Miss Saliie Despard (Mrs. Ruggles), and Mr. Jack Rawlins. ' Victoria !" shouted Ruggles, dancing about like a monkey on licit bricks. " At last ! Hurroo !" "Slay I be permitted to inquire," said Mr, Looker. " whether you are under the impression that tliis is an asylum for incurable idiots, and have come to give yourself in charge ?" "That's just it. Dug," exclaimed Jack Rawlins, who seemed little loss excited than his chief. " We're mad — every mother's son and daughter — with joy!" "With joy, my dear!" said, or rather sobbed, Sallie Despard as she flung her arms around Lily's neck, ami began a performance which consisted of equal parts of kisses, tears, sobs, aud inarticulate ejaculations of delight. "Thought I was ruined, did ycr?" exclaimed Buggies. " Thought the theatre was shut up for good, eh ? What do you call that, then ?" Here lie nourished a piece of paper over his head, at stieu a instance mat it wouiu nave taken an indi vidual as longsighted as Fcnimorc Cooper's Leather-stocking to have made out the writing upon it. " I'erhaps you'll condescend to cxplnin," said J)r. Grantham. " Fetch them in some grog, Dug — that may bring them to their senses." " Hold ! " exclaimed Mr. Buggies, in his tragedy voice. " If liquid refreshment is brought into this parlour, it must lie at my expense. No interrup tion. sir ! Mr. Looker, champagne !" Dug grinned and went out, and presently re turned with a Lottie of champagne and n supply of tumblers. When everybody was provided with n glass, Jack llawlins stood up and asked permission -to propose a toast. He would give the health of Mr. ami Sirs. Buggies, and long life to them. This being duly honoured, and suitably acknow ledged by the manager, Dr. Grantham inquired once nioru what laid led to the present demonstra tion. "This!" exclaimed Buggies, once more pro ducing the mysterious piece of paper. " The call, sir, for to-morrow," said Jack Raw lins — " We open again on Saturday I " " Nonsense !" exclaimed the Doctor, impatiently. "To ojKUi whilst this weather lasts would be simple insanity." " What lias made you decide to open ?" asked Lily. " Madam," said Buggies (lie always called ladies 1 madam ' when lie wished to lie particularly im pressive), " Madam — the rain ! ! " "The rain ! ! ! " exclaimed Lily, Dr. Grantham, aud Dug Looker, simultaneously. " Just Hie rain — the gentle rain from Heaven, as the immortal one liatii it. Look there — see that monster cloml vising vast and gloomy in the west ; the barometer lms fallen ; tiiore's thunder in the air : Forest Creek is saved, and lticliard's himself again !" (7 ii be continual,) 