THE DEAD PAST. O, dead past ! Wheri wilt ! cease to haunt my soul I when Witiiin tiiesacred pmtals of thy tomb? In every path of life, unquiet shade, Dost tliou appear to make. me- bow my head,- --;!7 - - To blanch my cheek, and tear the un- ; ; healed wound. ; ...9 v Mi Pale ghost; of buried joys ! are there no rites, V ' jfo incantations tlitit ciiu bhid tli66i thcrGii Is there no Lethean draught to give une . peace?';-';: U. k lU'U-Uil Oil .my lost love !-, The swe J;remembrance Of 'thee, and all. the liallowedipast, -still- Jives ' - And comes again. :: : v ....;r pi!: .' -!- -Inthc-world;- Amid the roai- and clatter of its strife, ; Thou com'est to me, and uiy heart grows u- sick, -. : ' And I forget my duty, 'mid the gush Of music, when the wine-cup sparkles higfy And beautysheds its radiauceon the scene; Thou, like the ghost of Banquo at the feast; O'er me alone dost cast thy mystic spoil; Stilling my laugh amid tiie merriment- ; That mocks my pain. I11 holy aisle. With organ swell aud liturgy7, thy, voice Mingles prophetic, speaking to my soul. Theliitter dirge of every hope of peace, . " Let not thy sorrow die, though I" am dead," . _ And it lives on. . - In solitude, — Communing, at the rnystic'midnight hour, Wij.fi Hie forgotten lore of ty- gone days,— - Athwart mion-lic shadows thy dread form . f. I dimly see-bane or - Dty my enrse ! And vainly do 1 strive by iiyifig .thence To win a respite from thy tyranny, And find oblivion. Even in sleep, . _ When men most hope for solace to their woe, . Most agony is meted out to me : For in my dreams thou cenj nnst up the past — Making me live my halcyon days' again — And side by side with her who sway'd my fate, - Glide through the golden, happy scenes of j7ore. But 0I1 ! to wake, when ideal phantasy Has burned away, and in the sombre dawn I fiiid again that all is mockery. How often do I madly, pray for death To break thy yoke. Oh, dead pr.st ; Since ne'er in life I can escape tin7 power, I'll yield to thee — worship thee a? a god- Welcome thee to my sight, and night and day Luxuriate in tly memories and thee Till, like thyself, O past, I gain my tomb, A lid rest in lieace. " IMIMAEL. Wandiligong, Dec. 27th, 1S79. 