EDSrBUE&H.DETECTIYiJ.; exc lot J* JAMBS. VAN,. i. Abthob of " Bbotoht to Bat," &c.; IPiilfisEed tjyspecial arrangement with Hie Author.. -■J'1 All righiaTeaerVed.] ' Second Sebies.—No. XXEIEo" TRiOING A THREATENING v .. \ LETTER-WRITER. When' ainan's life is threatened, and he has not the slightest, clue to ,the threatens, he does not generally ^spaah ^1 calmly as " when he. has mislaid a •postage' stamp,,or given a Jjouip'enny-piece; 'away' 'bj.'miBfoha for a threepenny; It was that which struck mS- arpebuliar about the/eased am about to, reCdl.': I had found the informant waiting me at the Central1 Office; in which he had Eatiently remained for the, best part of two ours, ahd -being introduced to him by a line from oursuperintehdent, settled myself to \ listen to^his story 'and examine , the papers he produced, with ho thought of anything peculiar , of uncommon cropping out of the case. But-as the gentleman—, who gave his, name as Mr. Joseph Price,, wholesale ■ merchant—'■proceeded ' I began tohave an indefinable suspicion that- he Imew" ihore-than he chose to reveal. "A^' long;as! the 'ahohymorisy.scribider cohfined'himself to' vile persomlities and.'; vulgar'abuse; I Could afford' to smile at the letters;"' he quietly remarked, as he pro- , ceeded to place the letters in order in my hands,- reading them aloud a8;he did so. (' But when the writer in a sudden frenzy, as it seems to me, not only calls upon me for restitution to the wronged and op pressed; :but vows that if I do. not obey he wfiT shoot ihe dead by a certain date, I thoh&htit; time to take action, and secure the^ffid oif'the police;" and as he spoke he placed .the .last letter of. the batch in my harfdsi "which read as follows ,rJ6feph-.'Pricej you are a ——thief, cheat, and swindler, and ought to he hang . .v - gallons tree, as you ing%y .theh^ckon a gallL , . . , wotdd have'bieto:-had;ypu' Uved a hundred yeaJs earlier tb' curse the .world with your wickedness/and hypocrisyi', I want you to etof :'fbihking: of- the; cbdrcb, 'where "you turm'up your^hanctikbnious eyes every Sunday'ak anr eldbr, ^and wher,e "every. one thinks you asaint; ahd;.to'let your. mind rim'backtb af certain time when your .uncle George died. "Thihkhf'what you did when the breath was scarcely out of hia body. an<3.. consider whether it would."*6 better to „j,-0 to the wronged and;op pressed than to he shot (dead by me in the. midst of wickedness:" Giye'back the money ttf-thbse;who' need7it so much; which you-^turned} into-your-pockets by as'das tardly- an' act{as'ever 'mail' conceived. The' eye-of Heaven' waSjupon you. when you destroyed the paper. * You were seen when commitUng it to the'fiames, andnbw the sin ghaU find^you ouf, It is true that those whom youirobbed canjhave no 'claim against .you by law; -there; isho evidence okyour crime which? Cam-be brought -forward; and so far ?as Earthly justice is: concerned, yoii may smile, and rob, and look holy and good, and-none take ;you by the -throat and drag you" forth for the world to hoot at. But the crime was committed, and now burns inttfyour soul in letters of :fire as a prelude to the; fiunfebment; to' which I shall send you; write' this- as a last warning, and; without? ptftting: my name to it, not because: I ani-!a howkrd' like yourself, but bebause I hnow-tbat there'is a "law for the rich and another foj the poor. I do not want to he put in prison till I have Mlled you, after giving you a fair chance; to restore' the plunder; though I don't care what becomes of me after, or-how soon I ' am hurried out1 of this world of starvation and toil. Be warnedin'time! "Disgorge the plunder or you die before' the month is done. I mention no names, but you know too well whom you have robbed. r Give them their own and you will be left to God and His just retri bution.'V : ■ "Well;"the statements are emphati enough," was my remark when I had con eluded the reading of the letter.' ' " Yes, and of course as false as they ar.;. emphatic," returned? Mr. Price, with a slight flush on either cheek, and a lbok into my face iwhich all but'convinced me that he was speaking the-truth; : ; » Then you aTe not aware of any circum stance ;in your past-' history -which could—'' and I hesitated to bring out the-, disagree able arid delicate Impeachment.-;;: " I am: not- conscious at this moment— and 1 am spmildng toyou now as-1 ' expept to speak to my God at; the great day of judgment—I: am hat cbnsciotia of • having' at any part of my life of having robbed or swindled; any one," be calmly /and impres sively returned. " 1 do hot ■ think that I am a-hypoerite;or that Puse religion as a, mask."-' I have -many- faults, but I would1 scorn!to oppress the -weak/or-wrong the poor J Therefore the letter you have- just, read is as inexplicable and mysterious to me as if possibly can-be to you.'2- J (l Strange,? and--1 -paused -a 'moment -to* once more scandhe curious epiBtle; • " The ■writer evidently knows part of your faimlyJ history for he" alludes to an uncle named - George. - .Had ? you' a - relative of that name;?1' < -■ -' . / . " I.had.- He died in my house. .1/ am a married man; but we- have - no children, so . there j is plenty of room, in -our house. -11 juvited my/uncle to stay with us—to make our house his house, in; fact—and he lived happily with us till his death." i< Did he, leave any money ?" I curiously pursued, and beginmng .to think that I had a clu9t" ' • •; S ' : ' ' • r ' ' ' - - "He "did—-a mere .trifle, a.- - hundred pounds..or: so;" wastheanswer 'given;-as d thought, with less frankness, than former Ie?'Of course the.money would he left? to.:' you ?" I remarked with /apparent careless-/ ness. / •" /: •' •" " It-was,;though forithat.part a hundred-: is nothing to /me—can neither put me up nor down.'The .mopey'wajs left by. will; ? properly fligued.«nd witnessed, and was as great a surprise to -me as/my uncle's death; for I had firmly believed that he had no money or meansiu the world." - - / • « Did the leaving of the: money—trifling as was the sum to you—cause any dissatis faction among his poorer relatives?"". / There was a long pause, and rather -an one hefoie the answer came, . "" I dare say there might be dissatisfac I tibjj," was the guarded reply, " There | always are some ready to cry out upon such I occasions." " The letter speaks of you haying burned a paper," I continued after a moment, . anytnihgbtitsatisfied by his answer, "Have ; you any idea what the writer means by such a charge?" ; "I have not; 'He must either he mad or grbssly mistaken. I would hot do such" a | thing to gain either a fortune or a farthing. ; I heyer did such a thing and never, will." " Mr. Price, it is as well tc> come. ,to the : point at once." I remarked: after a pause, "Ho you not suspect anyone—a particular , person whom you could name as the writer ■ of .the threatening letters ?" " I cannot answer that question,", deliber iately returned my visitor.; "I; cannot say i that I am without suspicions of a kind; hut even.if these were tangible and plain as • holy writ I should be the last to advance. them. I do not wish to cast the first stone.; !nay> I shall not do it! I had fullyresolved ' upon that before I came here." : ;" You are very foolish," was my grave ;reply, "nay more, you are. unreasonable, i for you expect us to grope and search for ! the knowledge which you .perhaps could put in our hands with a" single breath." \- " I cannot help that. I have - given? the isubject much anxious thought, and that decision is the result. I wish merely to protect myself—not to injure another by throwing out suspicions, which after all might prove unjust." ; " Your silence may cost you you life," I warningly pursued. am'prepared even for that,".he re ( plied with sweet gravity, which gave quite a new beauty to his face. "I am not afraid to die; I learned that years ago. But I would not like another to be a murderer. I merely lodge information, as you will please to remember should anything'come of the base." v " Do you wish me to understand that you suspect one of your own relations as your enemy, the threatener, but for family reasons hesitate to make a definite charge ?" I asked desperately. "I say nothing against any one," he answered with something like grief in his tones. "I can truly say that I do not know' of a single person in the world who is an enemy to me; and as for my relations wishing me evil on account of poverty or of such a paltry trifle, the fact is that there is not one of them to whom I have not re peatedly offered assistance, either by giving or lending them money to any reasonable extent," . " 1 am sorry to find you so reticent, though personally I think I can understand and appreciate yo.ur reluctanceand you need not be surprised if your tardiness should throw a barrier in the way of our success." ' . | After a few more attempts to break his reserve, equally ineffectual; I bowed hiih out, and sat down to think how I could get at the information which I felt certain he had withheld. I knew enough of Price to. guide me in a hazy way to something like a plan. His place of business at the West End was a quiet and dignified looking shop, employing a number of hands, and among these, I reasoned, there surely would be one who knew enough of his employer's private life and connections. Be it observed, I knew nothing of Price personally, but what I had seen and heard during our brief interview. The man might be the greatest scoundrel or the noblest of • men. Whatever he might be there could be little fear of his real nature being known to his . servants, added to which was the still more weighty reason that his hidden foe might turn out to be' not a relative, as suspected, but one of.his own employes. .ME Price had hintedatthewriter of thelettersheingamad man,. but tne-more closely 1 examined the missives the more; was I-convinced of the .sanity of the writer.. There was much bitterness,' deep-seated hate, and inexorable • vengeance, breathed . forth hut little >in-. coherence. There was even, as I* have .shown, a very acute reason given for tlie' writer shrouding himself and :his, identity ;. and as the letters indicated ,a, growth.df hate, both in depth and intensity. L I was speedily convinced that if prompt action were not taken, Mr. Price's chances of La long life were few indeed. , ; Prompted by these thoughts I went along to Mr. Price's. establishment about- dusk; and-; shortly before the hour of closing, haying previously ascertained that the principal himself made it a rule to leave the place four hours earlier, that is, at-four o'clock. I waited patiently outside and . saw several men, young and old, leave the . place, but r could hot. find a likely face among, them .till the appearanc'e of an elderly man, hearing a bundle upon his head> and evidently"ther porter of the esta blishment. Touching this man on the arm as, soon as I had satisfied myself as to his appearance, I said, enquiringly^-: "I suppose you work in there—in Mr Price's ?" ■ ; : j " Yes, sir; hut the. maister 'leaves at four o'clock," he readily • answered, taking the bundle from his head and deferentially touching his cap. " Was'ye wanting to see him? for I could tak'ye to his lioose." ; " No, not exactly," I hesitatingly replied, thinking how I should put the next ques tion; " but I merely wanted to know—isn't • Mr. Price rather a kind man ? I mean kind to his friends when they apply tb him?" . ; "Kind?" echoed the man, with some thing like moisture glistening in his eyes. "• Man, that's no the word for it. If ever there was a guid man on earth-^a perfect. ' Christian in a'thing—it's him-; and there's nane kens it better than-mySel'." ;! r Then you don't' think,' that any' obei in Bis employ would be wicked' enough ■ id wish him , ill—to try,' for instance, to frighten him-ormake Eim feel uneasy" or unhappy?" - " No one; that I'll swear/'; emphatically returned; the: r^d-faced; porter/ ' " There's .nabhody ever send him What ever had a bad word; for! hint-except, _ maybe, Geordie Doidsohy the'Cleik." " lyhy except him ? Was'this Dodson a rblativeLof Mr; Price's ?"I somewhat pre cipitately .enquired. . . y " Not him/ He was nae mair a relative than I am.; He was just a low rascal that robbit the maister on a'.-hands because he lrent that the maikter had.a dislike tblgaim: to law ahoot onything. He was put off without acharacter after he had' embezzled : bunders, as I've, been telt; hut..he. gaed1 a : step owre far after that and got nippit"; 1 "How?" •' . •' -■• - ' - "• "He gaed ahoot collecting accoonts,. as lie', 'said, for the maister,"and ane o' the men' that had paid him, when he -fund dot he had been cheated; handed him owre to the : police; and/he' got six months for it; That "was a' very'Well.deserved, but the curious thing was-that heturned roond andcursed Maister Price richt and left/ as- if'he had 1 been the:'cahse.o'd,; though I believe the "maister wad rather 'a' lost twenty pounds: • than hae to appear.against him 'as. ia wit I'ness, 'Ye See the maister's ane o' thae guid ' Yowls-thati wad 'raither dale twenty giiid. " action's in secret than a bad ane in' public." " "I,.can hardly, see. that it .was a bad action if it-lgave a rog^ue his ji^t deserts/' I. vebtured.tb remark. J ■" [Chat's'true; but a'body doesna see thae ; things that way. ' The ^kinder' a man' is, I sometimes think, and the mair Christian.. • like he acts; -theJ mair ■ is: he maligned and spitefully envied. I.mind ance when the . • maister sent me wi' a big hamper o' goods,. the very best that .he' could pick 'oot, to a • cousin o' his oot at thelSoothSide aS "a tind o' a present, .the man turned' roohd on. tie ; like la fiend,' and;offeied to throwLuie doon the Btair, and break my neck for dauring to insult him wi' sic a message." . " Indeed, and hob did he take such kind ness as an insult!" I enquired, with quickened interest. " That's mair than I can tell; hut he tumbled the hamper doon the stair as care less as if it had been a bag o' chows, say ing 'Tell Mr. Price to give.me what is my own before he tries to patch a way to my; good will by sending me or my children presents. If I could break your master's neck as easily as I.have smashed his pre sent I would* do it now, and think it the best day's work I've put out of my hands for years.'" . " Strange! There must surely have been some old family feud at the bottom of it," I suggested, with trembling eagerness.; ; "Hout,-aye! there's nae family withoot them," lightly returned the porter. '.'But when I gaed back to the shop and tell't the maister, he looked as sweet as if I had broucht him a.present, and only said, 'Poor soul! poor soul! I wish him a better spirit for his .children's sake, as well as his own. There is no better man breathes than Maister Price." . "I suppose you don't remember the name of this ungrateful rascal ?" I asked, as in . differently as possible. " I mind his name fine—a body doesna easy forget the name o' a man that threatens to tak' their life. It was John Trawley. He's but a working tailor, puir sowl, and has a big family of starved - looking bairns to bring up, so he didna need to screw his nose sae high. But, lord, to speak to him, ye'd' a' thoucht him mair independent than the queen on the throne, though he looked that weak wi' hunger and hard wark that he could hardly stand up. 'Deed, its "my opinion that it was naething but the passion that was roosed in him that gied him the pooer to throw the hamper doon the stair. " John Trawley; and what did you say • was the address ?" ■ " That's mair than I could tell now," said the man after a puzzled scratch at his head. ''It was oot in the Pleasauce some way, but what the number was, or the name o' the ontry, I cpuldna mind though ye was to pay me for't." "But you could show me the place, suppose ? You would know your, way back to it ?" I' anxiously enquired. " I begin to think that I may have some business to do with this man Trawley, if he is as you say a cousin of Mr. Price." "Brawly can I dae that, and as it's-on my road I'll gang wi' ye the now if ye like," heartily responded the; porter, and thus conversing- we proceeded to the south side, where he duly showed me the dirty : and dingy entry in which Trawley lived, ' and then seemed quite astonished at me placing a trifle in his hand for his trouble, saying that he was the debtor, a3 I hack been "sic guid company" to him on the : way. After parting thus in mutual satis faction, I moved slowly into the dingy slum, trying hard to decide what should be . my next action. I had discovered one who was not only related to Mr. Price, but who evidently bore him no good-will, yet it did not follow that this poor tailor was there fore the writer of the threatening letters, Considering the-urgency of the case, how ever, I did not think ^further delay ad visable, and, resolved to trust to chance, groped my way up to the third flat of a narrow " cork-screw" stair, where with some difficulty I'discovered the right door, and knocked sharply. It was now quite : dark, and the lobby in which ! stood had no lamp.: When'the door was opened, | therefore, the light held by the sicklv looking woman who had answered my knock fell upon her own features, revealing1 a face sharpened by want and toil, bound' tight across tlxe forehead with a handker chief. I had scarcely time to say that 'I , wished to.see.Mr. Trawley when the woman politely invited me to enter, and upon obey ing I discovered that she was not alone in the room, and that the light she had brought to the door had been taken from alow table at which her, family were seated hard at" work. The place was steamy and hot, and . the children—mostly girls, from ten-years - downwards—had the same preternaturallv old look which already sharpened the face' of the mother., Every one of them was bending down.close.ito the replaced candle^ - and stitchingaa for .dear ;life at what tailors call" slop work," that which is • sold by Jews in the High Street and elsawhere at fabulously low prices.' " ■ "John has goneto the shop with some' work, and to bring us some more," quietly, observed.the woman, after some difficulty1 procuring me-a seat close to the busy workers. '"If -he gets it to-night we "will he all right, hut if not we will have to go to bed at twelve." : "-What ! and do generally work as late as that! I exclaimed in commiseration. "Generally till two when we have work," was the calm reply. " We are glad to get it; for oh, there are long weeks when we have nothing to do but look at our fingers. But John says it will all end soon, for we'll get the money his cousin cheated, him out of." "I think I ought to explain that it was in connection with that affair that I - have called," I hurriedly interposed, afraid that she might inadvertently pile Up evidence against her own husband. - . ' "I thought that whenever I saw you,' she answered, with a faint smile. " And. I am glad of it — glad that it's to he settled some way, though . we should never handle ' a penny of the,: money, as for the last month or so John has been like a daft body about it. He came iu one night white as a ghost, and shaking all over with passion, and said that at last he had got at the facts , of .' the - robbery, as he called it, and then sat'down' -and wrote a long letter, which*he posted before be would sit down to work. He has written ever so many Tetters' sincej "and t never, got any answers to them, though I ,.j can see his hand shake like a leaf every time'the postman shouts up'tlie stair.' Oh, sir! you've no idea how distressed I've been 'about him, he's ' so excitable^ and. high-minded,and independent; and,hush, \- listen!'.'and'under the noise of stamping . hotirons made by one of the girls at the table she fearfully' added, "I "took" out of bis pocket the other night ;a: pistol, loaded, ready to fire; and when T asked him what it was he said, as cool as possible, 'That's ■ the last letter I meanTto send. It's one. that'll bring an; answer, never fear,, and. get justice foir ihy bairns,' whatever it gets for • me!" I got frightened then; and put it away, and cried all might ., thinking of it, . though I vfas so iwehried with work that I had been sleeping with the: needle in my hand before he came in." ' " " But you kept the pistol, I hope ? you didn't trust him with it 'agaip F' ;. " " No, I'd have let .him kill me first, if he had been so inclined," tearfully answered the shadow of a wife, hurriedlyresumipgher. stitching. ' " You see John. is one of the best of men, but be has. suffered a .great ' deal, and that has made Jiim more ex citable and reckless,. If -it wasn't, for. :his. j love for me and the bairns I ;.beli9ve he'd have been dead—killed by his own hands— long ago." . • " I would rather that you did not tell me ' any |of these things," I. interposed. , " I am hot employed .in .the interest of your-^hus^ band, hut rather against him, and I may be. compelled to. repeat what you say, however 'reluctant I 'may.feel' to do -sb." : A' look of surprise and incredulity crossed her face, ahdishe yras about to make some reply expressive of the feeling, when a step [.sounded on the creaking boards of-the dark I passage without, and in a moment more-her; '.h^ffiband staggeredinto the libem, hearing a bundle of work wrapped in a coyer of black calico. - Throwing down the bundle he turned and returned my greeting with dignity and politeness, and then, as my face became grave and I fumbled among my papers for the last of the anonymous let ters, I saw the: face of his wife become deadly pale, with concern. " My .name is McGovan, and I have been sent to make enquiries regarding this letter," I said, not without jSome pity in my tones. "Be advised by me> however, and do not say a word more than you can help." . . : ■ The pinched and sickly face, of Trawley became like iron as his glance dropped for, a moment on the letter, and then defiantly | returned to my own face; and in an instant his wife had flown round the table, and en circled him with, her arms, evidently in fear that.he was about to spring upon me in, tigerish fury. " I understand you, sir. I haye heard of you before," he slowly answered, amid the breathless stillness which had fallen on the room of busy little workers. " You are a detective, and my cousin Joseph has set you on to hound me to prison because I simply asked him to restore what he has stolen. Very well, I am ready to go. Silence, air 1 don't interrupt me with warnings and cautions, I have nothing to conceal now; those who are in the right need not mince their words. 1 did write that letter, and mean to stick by every word of it." • "1 was merely about to correct you in one impression," I quietly observed. " Your cousin did not set me on to trace you out —would not even indicate tbe quarter in wbicb bis suspicions lay; but merely placed the letters in our hands,- and allowed us to do the work unaided." . , "A quirk! another of his attempts to look sweet, and holy, and forgiving, while he burns to crush me and insult me by 'every means in his power!" hotly breathed Trawley. "Iam ready to bear the brunt of tbe rich man's displeasure; it shall all be added to a long account whieh I shall make him pay some day; hut before you take me away you stall hear what he did, and judge whether or no he is as saintly as you imagine. I had an uncle who spent the best part of his life abroad, and came home only a few months before he died." You would see him mentioned in that letter. Well, I was his favorite—ever since I was a boy in petticoats uncle George clung to me and no other. Wben he came home he appeared to be poor, for he was quite shabbily dressed; but when he came to see me he said, 'I am not so poor as I look, Johnny; and as you need it most, for yourself and your bairns, you shall have all my money when I die. It's not much, maybe, when compared with your cousm Joseph's, but a hundred or'two will be a large sum for you, and may start, some of the bairns in business.' Of course I thanked him, little , dreaming that he would be taken so soon after; but when his funeral was over, and' I went out to Joseph Price, and asked about my uncle's money, he showed me a will by which all the money was left to iiim!—Mm who needed it no more than the queen does!" "Had.you any suspicion; then, that the will was not genuine ?" : "I had, but a lawyer whom I employed soon proved that it was genuine and incon testable in every iota." } "Then what reason have you to com- { plain. A man has surely the right to will aw ay his money as he pleases, without re paid to those who need it most, or even to the idle promises he may have made." " True, but the worst is to come ?" ex citedly pursued Trawley. "I suspected foul play, hut was unable to prove it, and .'was too poor to fight him at law. And about that time one of my bairns took the . scarlet fever, and I was too poor, to pay for. a doctor. I dare say if I had gone "to Price like an abject beggar, and asked assistance, he'd have given it, but I would have died sooner than beg what was my: own. On. the second day when I found my bright wee laddie was worse, I went'for a doctor, but • he would not. come without" Ms fee: being .paid in. advance. We had. nothing, to sell but the,',." bed , on;. which we-lay, -| but that "'Was given-freely,, and ; then we got the doctor; only to learn that, it was to late. ,' If.you had called me. when: the .child toot ill, I could have saved; :his. | ] ife,' lie said, and then he went away, leav ing the bairn to die in our arms. My. God! it; was like, making a devil; of . me to have. the brightest of all lying gasping for breath —dying with a fight—and knowing that if I had had my own he would have been saved. P'r'apsyou never had a bairn Of your own, and don't know what it is to lose ihem. You have? Ah, well I'm glad of that, for you can have a faint idea of how I felt. 1 tell you, when they spread ; the turf .over my wee Pete I felt my heart turning to stone within me. I was a changed man from that day, and didn't look upon right and "vvrong, murder and revenge, in the same way that they do who are well off, with comfortable homes and plenty to \- eat and give to their bairns, and not much slaving to get it. It's the: continual grind ing, toiling, and sweating night and day, early and late, which makes a man mad and ready for any quick, easy way ;out of his misery; but a more maddening piece of news was to come. Before, I had only suspected something wrong; now I was to get the evidence, though not of a kind which I could make use of in a law. court." f The evidence of your cousin's crimi nality ?" • • . ' " " Criminality is not the. word for it; it ben't rteori-ifip "half what hfi is afinount doesn't describe half; what he is account able for, seeing tiiat the death-of my Pete lieB at his door," groaned Trawley. "I was in a public-house in the High-street one day, though I am not a drinker, and never was, drunk in my life. But it was providential that I went1 in that day with an,old friend, for there I met" with a confi dential.clerk .of my cousin's, who, softened' by drink, , no doubt, let me into the secret . of tbe will left by my uncle. This man, Dod-; son, was in my cousin's house the day after my uncle died, and was shown two wills by • Price, and asked, wbich'of them would hold' good.in law. :One of them,; the last Exe cuted, was in favor of me and myibaifns, the other was the one wMch -was'after wards produced by Joseph' Price as my uneie'sYttstf will and testament." ; "But what became of this other will ?" I wonderingly enquired. ' A l) It was burnt there and then before Dodson's eyes. Price said he would make it worth Dodson's while to keep the matter secret,- and so the matter rested till they, quarrelled and Dodsoh. left his employ." ; . "And upon this' man's statement you founded your charge?" "Yes, I was like a madman when I learned the truth, and feel certain that if I. .had met my cousin immediately; after I should have killed him on the spot. It was then that 1 went home and wrote to. him, as you know. I had never spoken to . him from the day of our quarrel, though he had tried to patch a way to favor by , sending ine a. hamper of things, which I. pitched down the stair the moment-I knew -. who hod .sent them. Would his miserable . and: tardy present bring my wee laddie back from the grave ? Out upon, him and:, his hypocrisy ! My curse shall cling to him and his through,all,eternity!". . ."Did this man Dodson give you any prooif,; other than his ;mere assertion, that what he spoke was true ?" . ' • -. " There was none needed," passionately rejoined Trawley. " I had that within me wMch shouted out, ' It is true !' at every word he uttered." ; ."Tarn sorry .for you, but I fear it will turn out that you have b^en wilfully mis ' led," I gravely observed in reply. " (July to-night I learned by chance that this man Dodson has personal.enmity towards your cousin, Mr. Price, that he is a low scoun drel, and convicted thief as well, and that so he would have every incentive to rouse ; your anger or revengeful passion against ■ his. old j employer. Did he not offer to swear to what he had revealed in; a. law ■court?"; .. ; . " No ; I wanted that, but he backed out, saying that ' one witness could: prove nothing, and that he was paid for keeping ! quiet." . " Then I'm afraid that I shall have to try. ' and refresh his memory, and see: if ;he.cau: I be induced to repeat the words, inside the' : Police-Office," was my conclusive lemavk; and. after, thus settling matters, I took Trawley away to the Head Office, where, after repeating most of what he had told me, he was loeked up. I had next day' a. long hunt for Sir. Dodson, but did not get bim, the fact being that he was already in prison on a charge of fraud, which, after wards gave, him a sentence of two years' imprisonment. A long interview which I had the same day with Mr. Price so opened his eyes to his cousin's sufferings and the : cause of his fury, that he. went straight ; with me .to the lockup. wherO a perfect : reconciliation took place between the rela tives formerly so bitterly estranged.. When ; the day. appointed for the trial of Trawley ; Cftme. roimd the chief witness, Mr. Price, ; so tendered his evidence that the scales of ■justice turned strongly in the prisoner's favor, and after a grave reproof from the bench, not unmingled with commiseration for his past sufferings, Trawley was simply discharged. With that trial and the recon ciliation which had preceded it ended the troubles and much of the terrible toils of: the Trawley family; Trawley shortly after started in business for himself, assisted in all probability by the very man for whose life he had thirsted; and he has since pro spered as well as the most eager could de sire. But the most curious comment upon the past is the sign of Mr. Price, which has new been altered to " Price & Trawley," the junior partner of the firm being one of the pale slips of children whom I saw clustered round the work-table in the Pleasance, when I went to arrest his father, • 