OTJ3i CITY LETTER. QFrom oar own correspondent.] Adelaide. October 2. 1880. The papers this morning were filled with accounts of the opening of the Melliourne Exhibition. It appears to hare been a grand ceremony, and I perceive Her Majesty the Queen, with her usual good taste and kindly feeling, has sent a congratulatory reply to the telegram forwarded to her on the occasion by the Marquis of Normanby. By all accounts the show made by the South Australian Court is not the least striking of the colonial display, notwithstanding the insufficient space in which Mr. Davenport had to display his waves. He has, I am told, had endless diffi culties to contend with, owing to the jealousy of the Victorian officials. The collection of minerals prepared by Mr. T. C. Cloud is said to be admirable. The English and Austra lian Copper Company make a splendid dis Slay of costly ingots and ores of copper. Mr. fceiner also has a grand show of silver smiths' work for which he has earned so just a celebrity. There is also a good assortment of carriages exhibited by all our best local makers, and, as is fitting for South Australia, a grand, assortment of corn, wine, and oil, the product of our vast fields and vineyards and oliveyards. Altogether, judging from the accounts we hare to hand of the Court, the show is better than that made in Sydney, and is one of wMch the colony has every reason to fed proud. I am now in a position to give you some further particulars as to the new scandal in the Audit Office. It appears that some two years ago one of the most prominent and active officers of the department drew an ad vance warrant in iiis own favour and never accounted for it, the sum, however, it may be said was a very small one. One of the clerks in the office, it appears, had somehow or other found out what his superior officer had done, and on tthe latter lately refusing, on, I am told, very just grounds, to recommend him for promotion, the clerk went to the Chief Secretaiy and told his tale to him.. The accused officer was at once communicated with, and I understand there Was no -end of a fuss, finally the affair ended iu a demand for a Board of Enquiry, which has been granted. .Writing of such matters I see that the Board on the case of Mr.. Boothby has finished its work very nearly so, we may hope for a report soon. The matter has been too prolonged already. The doctors in the city have held a grand coroberee over the new Medical Act, but have done very little. There was a very large attendance of the faculty however. Dr. Corbin, President of the Association, presided, and there was much talk. D>. Nesbit threw out dark hints as to some one living near him who practised physic on a bogus diploma, and to crown all had fewer bad debts than he, the orthodox physician, had. Dr. Cliudenning had a word to say in favor of certain men practising physic in the colony oil whom the bill would press hardly—men, as he said, who were in all respects well qualified by study to practice, but who from poverty or other causes had not taken out: a diploma. He suggests that the medical board should have power to grant such men certificates, and the idea seems a good one. The fifth clause of the Bill, which seeks to make it necessity that eveiy certificate of death shall be signed by a duly qualified practitioner was generally condemned as going too far. Under existing circumstances the clause would not work, and will no doubt be altered in the-Assembly. In many respects, however, the Bill is a very good one and a very necessary measure, so I hope to see it become law before the session closes. Even if it were only a business speculation, as the wise men of the Agricultural Society seemed to think, it appears to me they have committed a great mistake in not accepting Mr. Stimson's offer to bring ove? a collection of exhibits from Canada and the United States, illustrating the products and manu factures of those countries. Tn my opinion such an exhibition would have had a most beneficial effect in educating the public mind in this colony, and stimulating our local manufacturers and inventive geniuses, some of whom we doubtless possess. Mr. Boss and some of the more enlightened members of the Society supported Mr. Stimson's idea very strongly, but the stick in the mud mem bers had matters their own way, and refused to sanction the letting of the Exhibition Building as requested by Mr. Stimson. That gentleman, however, will not I trust give up his idea. Having failed with the Agricultural Society let him turn to the Chamber of Manufactures, and I venture to wager a good deal that they will accept his offer and find a place for his exhibition. Our manufacturers will surely not allow it to be said that they were jealous of their goods being brought into comparison with those of Canada and the States, as certainly will be alleged if they do not take the affair up. The drapers generally are making a good thing out of the Sorata. I understand there was a good deal of salvage of drapery stock from that vessel, but I cannot believe all the faded bonnets and seedy looking dresses that are to be Been about are, as labelled, from the Sorata. The wreck evidently has been a godsend to retailers, who had a lot of the stock of last season and the one before it on their hands. So oountiy cousins beware. Architects make strange mistakes some times. It was pointed out to me to-day, that a house being erected at G-lenetg for a popular brewer and member of Parliament, and which is now about half way up, has been placed so close to the footpath that the steps which it will be absolutely necessary to have to make an approach to the door, must certainly en croach on the public pavement. This, of course,- will never do, and it seems to me the only feasible plan will be to risk spoiling the design by placing the doorway further back than the architect designed it to be. But surely the architect should hare known better than so to miscalculate the distance of the building from the front. The opening of the Thebatf on Ice Works for the season is an evidence of the approach of summer, but assuredly the last two or three days have been cold enough to make one shudder at the very name of ice. When the hot weather conies, and in my opinion when it doss arrive it will be very hot, it is to be hoped we shall have as plentiful a supply of the refrigerating article as we had last year. The R.M.S. Hydftspes arrived this morning early with the mails from England. Among her passengers are the Sev. Richardson Held and Dr. Astles, both of whom are returning from a holiday trip in Europe, and both much the better for it. Dr. Astles looks remarkably well, and I feel sure it will be a source of gratification to his many country patients to know that his present intention is to resume his practice in Adelaide. The benefit season has come on at the Theatre. Mr. Holloway takes his to- night, and Miss Knight, that very deserving young actress, takes hers on Wednesday, when there is sure to be a bumper house. Mr. Gordon, the ,treasurer, takes one on Friday, and on Saturday I believe the theatrical season comes to an end. Opera comes next. By the way, I fear we shall lose Miss Knight's services at any rate for a time. I understand she in tends paying a prolonged visit to New Zealand where her parents reside, and will jprobably not appear on the stage i^gaiu for several months. The success which attended Mr, Sketchley's last entertainment has induced hiih to repeat it, and Mrs. Martha Brown will receive her friends twice this week; ~ .October 4. The first firing of the big guns .at the GHan ville Fort was attended by a large crowd of spectators on Saturdsjr afternoon, the Chief Secretary and other members of the Govern ment being present. The men worked the gunB very fairly well generally, and the shoot ing showed a good average. It was antici pated that the firing would have been heard in the city, but th6 wind was not in the right direction, and not the .faintest sound reached us. It muBt, however, be clear to eveiyone, it seems to be to me, that if the fort and others which may have to be constructed are to be kept in a proper slate of efficiency and well supplied with ammunition a permanent force of some kind as proposed by the Government will be needed. No doubt the volunteers are willing enough, bat -nearly all of them are engaged in business and unable to devote the time and attention not only to practising with the guns but preparing ammunition which are necessary. It seems to me that having once gone to the expense of constructing the forte and buying the guns, it is a'very penny-wise-po and-foolish policy not to keep them in^aueh a state of efficiency that if they were required for defence purposes, they would prove really useful in keeping an enemy at bay. No doubt the aAnual payment of the cost even of a small permanent force cannot be regarded with complaisancy in the present state of the finances of the colony, but it is better to face this than that the fort should become a white elephant. The s.s. Aconcagua, of the Orient Line, arrived off the Semaphore yesterday afternoon. She only remained a few hours, and a com paratively small number of her passengers came ashore. Among those on board are the men of the band of the Emperor of Austria, who are on their way to Melbourne to perform at the Exhibition.. Mr. Pepper has returned from his country trip, looking very well, and highly pleased with the recpfciqn.he has met with. The country has paid better than town did. The ghost opens on Saturday night. A-woman met with a very narrow escape of an accident at the Adelaide fiailway- station yesterday afternoon. .The 3 o'clock train for Holdfast Bay wae ^teaming out of the station when the woman ma^Le a rush and attempted : to jump on to the .back platform of the train. Fortunately for her she had either miscalcu-* lated her leaping direction or the speed at which the train was going, for she fell clear of the train on to .the line on her hands atid feet, thus in all probability escaping being dragged, under the wheels. Such cases ought to be punished with severity in my opinion, and in the next tbit occurs I hope to see the Company institute, a prosecution under their bye-laws. 