[?] WINTER BUTTER MAKING. {By Henry Stewart, in Rural A'etv Yorker.) THE DMIIY. If the first requisite for good butter iu the oow, tho Btconil is tho dairy room or lioueo, for it is UEelets to procure good mi!!;, if il ia spr-iled in tho keeping. A dairy room should have an even toinpt'ra'.iue, and iu tho n inter may be kept at 45 to fiO degrees. Oan that is partly underground nxidhim ar. aputtmtmtover it for churning nnd washing pans, ute., ii preferable, ns it will need no ovtifioisl hevting bv a stove. I prefer ono with brick walls, while-washed with limo, plastered overhead, aud with, a cement cr flugstone floor ; tltat has tho windows above ground and facing tlio south and wost j tho windows rovored with fine wiro gauzo ontside nnd hingod ot tho top, so that thoy maybe opened by raising and hooking up tho sash. The window being oloso to the ociling, ventilates the room com pletely. My own aim in a dairy houso ie a building having a brick basement iu a hill side, with ice-hoiiso in tho rear, having a chnto on the hank through whioh to put in ice ; and tbe milk room in tho front, with porch for airing tbo caua and puiis. Over the milk room Bhall be tho c'uarniug and wiishing room, provided with a water heater, and with on elevator for passing creum ami butter up and down, and stairs leading below ; also a sink with tapd from a tank above. Over tho milk room shall be a tank suppliod from ft well, by a windmill overtopping the wholo. From the tank, wiler may flow through a pipe into tho rooms below, for use in washing paus or supplying water iu case the submerged-can system of setting tbe milk might be nsed at any timo. A siuk and drain may also be aarried from the milk room. The tank will be high enough to supply tbe house and the barn with water through pipss. The cost of tha uhole I estimate to be about fiOOJol. for a dair^ of 00 oows, and no cue can doubt that it will bo a profitable investment for the makir of extra butter. THE CHUItNINd. When I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field, ovor which lie, in per spective, the ghosts of a scoro or nioro of discarded and departed churns. Tho misery of a butter-maker is tho end less variety of. churns. Thero aro many good churns, beginning with tbo old fashioned up-and-down ono, which recalls my boyhood when I waited for my cup of fresb buttermilk, and often waited three hours; for in those days the wholo milk was churned. Now I can get my butter milk in eight minutes, or less, by tho old kitchen clock, which never varies from year's end to year's end. But it is not from an up-and-down churn, which, although id makes good butter, is a man and wornau killer; it is now from a 'rectangular' churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for tho butter not only comes quickly, but in such an excellent shape, being beaten about by these proper angles, as to greatly facilitate tha washing and preparing of the buttor. To particularism lot me recall the churn ing of the 7th of Januaiy, 1880, because this was an eventful one, find aouled iu my mind some questions which were previously doubt ful to me. My crosEbred three-year- old Jer sey and Ayrshire aow, Maida, had been freeh two weeks, and this was tbe first churning of six days' milk. Tho oream — 12 quarU exaotly — was turnod into the itctaugnlar ohurn aforesaid, aud the clinrn and oream were both at a temperature of 65 degrees. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making 70 revolutions ot tho churu per minuto. I wuu surprised to hear tho ' slap dneh' of the buttermilk, tnd whs more than surpiited cm opening tbe churn lo see 110 mfiguificeut a sample of butter. Tlio mars of golden batter was in small grains from the size of sago grains up to that of buoli shot, lying iu an irregular mass piled up in the chnrn, with a small quantity of butter milk at tbe bottom. The butter wiigned 10J pounds. The result, 101 pouniis of bmter from 12 quarts of thick oreiim, ohnrneii in '.ight minutes, at a temptmtnru ol 05 degrees, settled soma points about which questions are frequently naked. This churning out of tho way the oream of two Ayrshire cows thrpe-year-ohl, that have been milking 10 months and are three iu coif — 14 quarts in all — was put in tbe obnrn at a temperature of 60 degrees. This I oliurned three hours patiently without break ing the cream, and wax advised to throw tho oream out as it was one ol those messes which would never clinrn. Let us try some wiirm water. A quart oi hot water from the kettle was llirosvn in, the ohurn rotated, nnd in one minute tho but'or oaran ; the temperature in. the ohurn then was 04 degrees. This bIbo goes some way to settle another diflieulty in winter dairyiug, whioh oiusea a great deal of trouble. If bnttor comes at G4 or 65 degro-is in a oliort lime, and fails to come at all a- CO degrees, ibis is u valuable fact to kuow. Another obnrning of Maida's cream of 1G quarts, from aeven days' milk, produces 14 pounds of butter ia 12 minutes at a tempera ture of 65 degrees, with several stoppages to watoh the progress, so tnat eight quarts of ( nearly pure oreum will make seven pounds of buttor. CIIUENS. Tho Tartars are said to do their churning by putting the milk in a sheep-skiu bottlo, which they tie to the trundle end takoabrisk gallop for an hour or two ; on returning tho butter is made. This is the origiual horse power churn. But its principle is clearly the same as that of our best modern churns-, viz., agitation of tho milk in. a vessel iu which tho contents aro dashed from ono eido to another to break up tho butter globules. This is the principle of all tho dashless churns of which so many of such various shapes wore shown at tho lato International Dairy Fair. The peculiar action of these churns produces tho butter in Bmall globules, as above mentioned, and in this shape tho milk can bo drawn off and I tho cold water or briuo introduced into tho churn, and the buttor thoroughly washed and made ready for immediate packing. Certainly of the many churns which I havo used, tbe ' Koctangular' pleases me tho most, on account of its very easy motion, its shape, which iB a hollow cubo suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite corners, its freedom froin iron gudgeons penetrating insido as is usual in dash churns, and which icitl blackcn and foul the butter, and chiefly on account of the ease and perfection with which it oan be cleansed, its quick churning, and tbo excellent shape in which tho butter comes. COLOURING HOTTER. My oustomars are very oiaotitig people. They objeot to light-coloured butter, and, like tho majority of oonBUmers, they judge of butter by the eye as well as by tlie flavour.' RBoently the New York Farmers' Club ' reno luted ' that colouring buttor was a fraud and a praotioo to be denounced. Do these farmers went thoir oasBimeres of tbe naturafsboddy colour, or do they profer them dyed? Did they objeot to the oolonriog of oleomargarine when they resoluted over that, and innwt th»t that fraud should bear its natural;tal!ovr colour ? Tbo faot ie, butler is ooloured beoause those who bny it will have it oolourod to euit their taste ; and whilo coloured butter , will Bell the best, eo long will butter be coloured. One teaspoonful of good liquid butter oclouriug in 12 gallons of oreum is needed, even with Jereoy oows, in the winter, and for other oows twioe that quantity will be required to give a colour somewhat lighter . than that of a gold coin. ; There ie nothing about aunatto that is objeotionobjo, and all tbo'tnlk about its filthy preparation is simply 'bosh' and false hood. When colour is used it ia boat to put it intothe obnrn, and I do not find that it has dny ill effro'. whatever even upon the bultormilk, whioh is a plrn^aui, wliolexomo artiolo of food whtii tho mi k i 1 all right. BITTER CIIK1M. This reminds me of tbo muny CiHjipl.m.(3 ot bitter cream in tho winttr. This ii 0 -used invariably, I believe, by flomt- lliii:g in the fcol or io tho couditson of tha cow. Every one knufts how prevalent that vile plant, hitter-weed or rft^--veed (Aml-rojia artem is:a)foUu) is, and how muoh of it is cat with t jo sec nid outting of the meadows — the inuoh pr ii-'Mi-for-huttsr r.iwt 11 )uv. This weuil will uivo to milk, cream, or butler a very bittor flavour, which no p' boots or disguise oun ounconl. If turnips aro f'. d, I dtfy any person bittr-r creum end ili- fl^vuured butter. Tho proEonai! of 11 heap of turnips 011 my barn lloor the pudt winter no impregnated the air, 'although nono woro fad, tint tho milk wae '.perceptibly flavoured hv them nntil thev wero removed. Feeding immediately alter or before milking is unavailing. There aro oows which, from Bome peculiarity of condition, give milk whioh turua bittor. Suoli cowfl should bo disoarded from a winter dairy aa Beon lis tho fault ii discovered, for they ero not healthy and their secretions arc no* pure. Tho mixture of a pinoh of saltpetre in a six quart pan of milk will remove or disguiBO this bitterness, I cannot say whioh. HOW DDTTEE MAT BE SPOILED. Good butter may be spoiled in tbe churn ing. Over-cburning ruins tho texture and changes tho proper waxiness to a disagree able, sticky gre.isiue33. This ia tho moro easily dono in tbe churns witb revolving dashers, whioh will press tho butter against the side of tho churn and squeeze and rub it until it is spoiled. Too long churning spoils the quality by tho oxidation of tho butter and tho premature formation of strong-flavoured acids in it, the full pre serving presence of which we call rancidity. It may be spoiled by churning at too high a temperature, by which it is made soft and oily, and of a greasy texture and flavour. No subsequent treatment can remedy this error. It may be spoiled before the cream reaches the churn by keeping this too long, or what is practically the same, by keeping it ia too warm a place j 50 degrees is about tho light temperature if cream is kopt a week ; if it is kept at G2 degrees, three days aro long enough. White specks are produced in butter by over-churning, or by having the cream too sour. Either of these faults produces curd, iu tho milk, and the 1 small flakes of this cannot be washed out J of the butter. Milk from a cow in ill1 ; health, and that is acid when drawn, will . produce specky butter. So will tbe uso of salt containing particles of lime, which 1 unito with the butter and form insoluble lime soap. White specks are covered up to a large extent by using good colouring, which is made of oil as tho solvent. But this use of a colouring, being to disguise a fault and to add an undeserved virtue, ia worthy of the denunciation of even tho Farmer's Club. 