AMERICAN NEWS. tSTWe compile the following from late American jour nals:— Miss Shafer as a Man. Buffalo, Nor. 8.—William Freeman rented a small farm at Wellsville, Alle gany County, in 1876. He had worked for farmers in that section for several years, atid was known as Handsome Billy, on account of his fine form and face. He employed an elderly widow to keep the house, and her nephew to help in the farm work. In 1877 several. burglaries occurred in Wellsville, and, to the sur prise of all, the stolen property was found in Freeman's house. He was arrested, but protested innocence, and was gene rally believed. A Grand Jury, however, found an indictment for burglary and lar ceny. He pleaded guilty, and was sen tenced to eighteen months in the Erie County penitentiary, in this city. In March last the people of Wellsville ap plied to Gov. Robinson for a pardon; and the Governor, as a preliminary ac tion, directed the penitentiary authorities to report on the prisoner's physical condition. The prison physician then learned that the prisoner was a woman. She said that her name was Mary Ann Shafer, her age 23, and that she was the daughter of German immigrants. Her father died soon after they landed, and her mother married again. They moved to Allegany County when she was eleven years old, and her step-father refused to support her. She disguised herself as a boy, started out to seek her fortune, worked one season on the Erie Canal, and for ten years preserved her disguise without arousing suspicion. She became a member of the Methodist Church, and endeavoured to lead a pious life. In re gard to the crimes charged against her, she said they were really committed by her housekeeper's nephew—who visited her before she pleaded guilty, and de clared that unfSB she did plead he would kill her, and she believed he would carry out his threat. Soon after her sex was discovered, Miss Shafer was pardoned and the man who caused her imprisonment fled. Last win ter, under her proper name, and in pro per attire, she visited in Bradford, Pa. The merchant whose store she was charged with robbing had sold out at Wellsville, and removed to Limestone, near Brad ford. Being in the latter place one day he met Miss Shafer, fell in love, pro posed, was accepted : and last week they were married. Virgil James was dying at Little Bock, Ark. It was known that he had §5000 hidden somewhere, and he was asked to divnlge the secret before it was too late. " No,'' said James, " I will tell my sis ter when she comes." When he was nearly gone an old negro man, who for merly belonged to the family, went to the dying man, and, leaning over, said :— " Mars Virgil, you can't live but a few moments longer. Tell me where your money is, and I'll tell her when she comes." "Ho," replied James, "I will feel better after a while. My sister will be here pretty 30on." Thus from time to time he refused. His sister did not ar rive. Faster and faster his life ebbed away. Bending over again, they en treated him to disclose his secret, but he died with it buried in his bosom, almost his last motion being a slight negative shake bf the head. A Career of Dissipation Ended.—A young man, named Frank Heyward, twenty-seven years of age, and with.an income of $10,000 a year, committed sui cide in his house in New York, on Mon day night, by shooting himself through the right temple. Shortly before mid night he returned home, accompanied by two ^young men. He was very much uncler the influence of liquor. He went up to his room, and, saying that he was tired of life, picked up his revolver and shot himself, and deatb speedily ensued. For years, it is said, young Heyward had led a very dissipated life. His parents were Henry Heyward, a gentleman of great fortune, descended from South erners, well known in South Carolina and Baltimore. His mother was of equally good family. Heyward's father died in 1874, and left property valued at 600,000 dollars, which was devised in trust equally to his wife, daughter, and Frank. Dublin * Gazette'" One of the most remarkable incidents of the tenacity of life was verified in a red fox chase in Johnston county last week. The chase lasted for eight or ten hours, and every dog was entirely exhausted but one, and he held on until both he and the fox were run down, when they positively laid down close to each other, and every time the fox would move or attempt to get up, the dog would move towards it, but could not quite get hold of reynard, who, by the assistance of the hunters, was cap tured." Tallahassee 'Patriot':—"One night last week, as a gentleman was passing through the Eastern part of our city, his attention was attracted by the manoeuvr ings of two coloured men—one on foot, the other riding a mule. He saw them Bteal slyly upon a bunch of hogs, knock one dead, throw him across the mule, and make off for the'country in less time than it takes to tell it. Our city thieves should investigate this matter and not al low these country rogues to come into the city and take away the business that justly belongs to the street loafer ?" Griffin ' News':—" It is a well known fact that the negro is very superstitious, and that his credulity can be played on to a great extent. As an illustration of this we are told that a gentleman recently died near here from the effects of injuries received in a gin. The negroes claim that he said, shortly before his death, he would haunt the place, and they swear that his spirit comes back and blows the steam whistle at the gin very violently every night and no one can convince them to the contrary. The Dawsonville ' Mountain Chronicle' says :—" A singular case is to be tried in Gilmer Superior Court next week. About a year ago a showman was exhibiting a trained monkey in said county. Among other tricks, the monkey bad been taught to fire a pistol. The showman handed I him the pistol and told him to ' shoot the | ugliest man in the crowd.' Some mis chievous boys had put shot in the pistol, and when the monkey had picked out his man and fired, the shot took effect and slightly wounded the ugly man, who whipped out his knife, cut the monkey's throat, and whipped the showman. The monkey died next day. The ugly man is indicted, but we know not whether it is for the murder of the monkey, malici ous mischief, riot, or assault and battery. The trial will no doubt be interesting and spicy." EVanklin ' News':—" One day last week a lady by the name of Hines, liv ing seven or eight miles below town, on the West side of the river, gave her little child an empty match box to play with. The child was about eighteen months old, and finding some water in a pan, the lit tle fellow filled thefmatch box with water from the pan and jdrank freely of it. ' In short time the 'mother noticed some thing wrong with her child, and imme diately sent for a physician, who did all he could to combat the effects of the poi son, but to no purpose, and the unfortu nate child died." A wax work figure of Franklin, on ex hibition in France, is labelled, " Franck lin, inventor of electricity. . . . This savant, after having made seven voyages around the world, died on the Sandwich Islands and was devoured by savages, of whom not a single fragment was ever re covered." A mob of five hundred mounted men surrounded the gaol at Jamesville, Wis., at 2 a.m. on Monday, for the purpose of seizing and lynching Baumgarten, the mnrderer of Sandy White. The Sheriff had been warned of their approach, how ever, and got away with the prisoner. The mob dispersed after fruitlessly search ing the gaol. About two weeks ago David Long, a poor man, living near North Lebanon, Pa., died of what was pronounced ty phoid fever. As it now appears that there was about $20,000 insurance upon his life in various companies held by a number of citizens, a snspicion of another Baber murder case has arisen, aud his body is to be exhumed. A young woman at Smyrna, N.Y., had a dream, many years ago, of eight men standing in a row before her, with out stretched hands. She interpreted this to mean that she would have eight hus bands: Her seventh husband died lately, and, although she is now eighty-four, she is confident that her dream will be fulfilled. Mrs. Sieg had a quarrel with some neighbours at Wright, Minn., and told her son, aged twelve, to shoot one of them. The boy obeyed, and is to be put on trial with his mother on a charge of murder. The ' Pensacola Gazette' says that ghoBta—those hated monsters—are again, from all accounts, nightly prowling round that devoted city, and terrifying many people who happen to be out late at night. These spectres are periodical in their visits, having chosen this time of the year for several years past. That paper is inclined to think, however, that if a few of these ghosts were captured and seriously dealt with, the race would soon be extinct. We learn from the ' Eagle' that a con vict in the Gainesville chain gang took a pistol away from the guard one day last week and bringing it to bear upon him made good his escape. He politely sent the pistol back to the town Marshall on Wednesday last. The Senoia ' Farm and Home' tells a most remarkable story which would be truly incredible did it not declare that it was " vouched for by a lawyer." It says that a coloured than near Starr's Mill wounded a crane, and, as he took hold of the bird it suddenly stretched forth its long neck and peeked out one of his eyes, and then made its escape. October the 9th Was not only the cen tennial anniversary* of the siege of Sa vannah, bnt it waslalso the thirty-third anniversary of the most destructive fire which Columbus efer experienced. By that conflagration Ave blocks of buildings were destroyed, and the loss was esti mated at 225,000 dollars. Hiram Baldwin was found in the potato patch of Mr. W. H. Collier, at Madison, at the early hour of 4 o'clock on last Thursday morning stealing pota toes. On being discovered he ran, and in his flight was fired upon by a party who was watching the patch to protect it against depredators, and was killed. The occurrence of his death is much regretted, but, under the circumstances, the Coro ner's Jury decided that it was a case of justifiable homicide. New England has over two hundred and thirty farmer's clubs, with 72,000 active members, and library books to the number of 21,000, and in the United States there are nearly two thousand agri cultural societies with 58,000 volumes in their libraries and access to three hundred and sixty different agricultural publica tions, all exerting a direct influence on the intelligence and future prospects of the tillage of the soil. Shot a Man Dead and Bode Off.—Dr. James L. ' Roberts, of Millville, Ray county, Mo., while sitting in a store in that place on Monday, was accosted by Dr. J. L. Keyes, who charged him with talking about his (Keyes') family. Ro berts denied the charge. Keyes called him a liar, drew a revolver and shot him twice through the body, killing him. Keyes then mounted his horse and es caped. Roberts was over 60 years old, Keyes about thirty. The latter is ad dicted to drink. Two lusty roustabouts went out from a Chicago barroom to fight on a balcony that extended over the river. They strug gled long and hard, each trying to throw the other over the railing, until they went over together. They would not relax their hold after falling into the water, and both were drowned. Remorse for a Misspent Life,—At Den ner, Col., Thomas E. Beeves, son of Sir Thomas Beeves, Baronet of Norfolk, England, committed snicide last Satur day night, by taking morphine. His body was found in his room next morning. He left a letter saying that he had lived a misspent life. He had Bright's disease of the kidneys, and was veiy despondent. He was twenty-six years old, and had been away from home about a year. Beer and the Cost of it.—From Mayl, 1878, to May 1, 1879, there were made and sold in the city of New York 1,342,180 barrels of lager beer. In each barrel there are four kegs, and each keg, at re tail, averages 115 glasses of beerr making the total sale, 617,392,800 glasses which, at five cents per glass, which the customer pays for it, will give $30,870,140 as the amount annually expended in New York for beer alone. It is equal to about $30 per capita of the entire population, or about $180 per annum for each head of a. family—15 dollars a month ; the wages, in fact, of an average farm hand who boards on the farm. It amounts, in another 1 view of the case, to nearly three per cent, upon the total assessed valuation of New York, and is within about 3,000,000 dol lars of the total municipal taxation of that heavily taxed city. The beer score is pro bably far larger that the whisky score, but both put together reach a frightful sum. Vesta Kearney, aged 11, was outrage ously assaulted on Wednesday at Canton, Me., by J. Bolier. The village turned out in pursuit. On Thursday evening Bolier was encountered, and, as he re sisted was fired upon and wounded, per haps fatally. A leading dealer in sugar, of Chicago, says that one of the New York refineries sold, last month, 40,000 barrels of " re fined" sugar that contained from thirty to forty per cent, of terra alba. When the sugar dealers begin to expose each other there is a chance for the public to find out the truth about this question of adul teration. 