BEECHWORTH MUNICIPAL GROUP MEETING. a highly important meeting of delegates ftom the municipalities comprising the Beechworth Group was held at the Town Sail, Wangaratta, on Tuesday last. She group consists of sixteen muni- . Gipalities in the North-Eastern District. Sir .William Bickerton, ex-Mayor of Wanai'vta, occupied the chair, ten Other councils were represented, and Several matters of great interest were folly der.lt with. As no time was thrown v ftway in speech-making, the whole of the business was got through in a few hours. The first matter discussed was that of Municipal auditors ; and there was an Universal consensus of opinion that tli - present system was " expensive a» rniaatisfactorx With that view » entirely agree. Some of the propositions from other groups, however, did not touch the heart of the matter, merely suggesting amendments in the mode of electing those officers; bat the whole principle will be revolutionised if the recommendation of the Beechworth Couu'cil, and which was carried unani mously by the meeliDg, be adopted in the bill. . The proposition thus moved by Mr Taxswell was as follows : — " That a board of municipal auditors be appointed and paid by the Government ! to travel through municipalities with power to demand and examine municipal accounts at any time without notice." This would entirely do away with the present complicated and costly system of election, and go a long way towards preventing in future the lapses which have hitherto too frequently occurred in municipal accounts. The actual audit would also be much less expensive than it has heretofore been ; and the possibility of the auditor appearing at any moment without warning would secure the regular posling-Gp of the books. The meeting very wisely rejected all matters which did not properly come within the scope of their consideration as representatives of municipal bodies, i bat still adopted many provisions which ; shcul-l, but do not, form portions of the present Act. They, for instance, refused to have anything to do with the Fencing Act : but recommended " That a clause be inserted in the new Local Government Act, giving local corporate bodies similar powers to those enjoyed by the Board of Laud and Works, under the Lands Compensation Statute, to take land compulsorily for water purposes." We certainly should not be in favor of giving local bodies unlimited powers of dealing with private property, perhaps for some imaginary public purpose ; bnt as they have now imposed on them the construc tion of works for water supply, they should not be at the mercy of private individuals who, for selfish reasons, might stand in the way of such under takings. The meeting also accepted a proposition " That councils should have the control over creeks, watercourses and rivers, within their respective dis tricts" — we presume without prejudice to existing riparian rights. As was jnstly pointed out, the powers thus sought would enable local bodies to construct embankments across water courses in dry districts, which, in addition to serving the purpose of bridges, would at a small cost form invaluable reservoirs at suitable places. We think the meeting was equally right in rejecting the proposition that where . rivers or creeks form the boundary between municipal districts, the abutting municipalities " should be compelled to unite in equally building and maintaining . a bridge or culvert over such stream." We have italicised the word " equally," as it would be monstrous to compel one shire to contribute towards a work in which it was little or not at all interested, as much as a neighbouring shire to which the work was perhaps an absolute neces sity. The proposal would have been somewhat more reasonable had it made the contribution pro rata , as regarded the relative incomes of the two councils ; but even then such a provision would be open to serious abases. The question of tolls, the very ghost of which was, we thought, laid years ago, has risen from the grave in ail its deformity. Iu the various propositions, however, which have been made to provide for the deficiency said to be caused by the abolition of toll-bars, it seems to be forgotten there were other causes for that deficiency. Amongst these are the gradual diminution of the Government endowment, when divided amongst the increasingly numerous municipalities, and the total withdrawal of main-road subsidies. None of the gronp meetings appear to have gone to the root of the matter by demanding with one voice that the whole of the original main roads of the colony shonld be properly formed, and perhaps even maintained at the expense of the State. Instead of that being insisted on, the groups have been silent, under the threats that endow ments would be withdrawn altogether. The Shire of Malvern, in fact, goes so far as to recommend, in addition to councils, that the main roads should be vested in special trusts, either appointed by the Governor or elected by the local bodies, with power to levy a rate not exceeding 6d in the £1 on all rateable property within the trust area, for the maintenance of such roads. This, truly, would he an imperium in imperio, and besides being unjnst, would be virtually impracticable. Where, or on what prin ciple would the trust boundaries be fixed ? and why should those within it be obliged to pay the trust-rate and the ordinary rate, too ? The State takes enough from and returns little enough to the country districts, to impose upon it the care and expense of the great trunk- roads of the colony. The meeting declined to adopt the suggestion, or to give any opinion on tolls. They also rejected a proposition that the public charities should be under the control of municipal bodies and supported by a special rate. It is inconceivable to us how ready some local bodies appear to be to impose farther datieB on themselves, and additional taxation on their rate payers. The idea of placing the management of the State forests undor the control of municipalities is one that requires farther consideration, although we are inclined to think that the forests would be better cared for under local thau under State supervision, provided that the revenues also were handed over to the councils. At present forestry is grossly neglected in the forests generally, whether in regard to preservation or renewal. The question was postponed for consideration at the next group meeting ; and is, we think, well worthy of careful thought and discussion. There was another recommendation which perhaps received more cavalier treat ment at the hands of the meeting than it deserved ; we mean that reg&uTng; the width of tires. There is no donbt that very heavy loadB on narrow tires are sometimes about &b; destructive as a double- furrow plough would be, and we have ample and costly proof of that fact in this district. There wag only one other matter of general importance on the business paper, and it wag affirmed, " namely — that when ary joint boundary work became necessary, Vi cy;. iWliryH t? in it should alone be liable for any damage caused by the default. This seems but fair and reasonable in prin- ciple, but requires certain conditions before being reduced fo practice, as the dispute might have arisen from one body demanding too much from the other. Amongst the amendments proposed by the meeting, was one that no severance should take place, unless the petitioners could certify to rateable property, which at a shilling rate amounted to £1200 per annum, or if such severance left the remainder of the 6hire below that valua tion. A. second proposal was that all petitioners under this part of the Act shonld be accompanied by a deposit of £50 to cover expenses. Both were . agreed to. In conclusion, we may say if i he group meetings will only set their faces resolntely against the growing system of centralization, which is step by step sappiDg the resources of the country to be lavished in the metropolis, they will have deserved well of the country. 