[?] HAftD TO WIN. By. George Manvxlle Fenn, Author of 'Ship Ahoy? ' Dutch the Mver,' ' The Foundry £eUe? #c, §c. THE STORY : I860.— STRANGE LIVES. Chapter XLVII. — On Particular Business. It was on the evening following Doctor Stonor'e party that Clare was seated in her little drawing-room at the piano, singing one of the sad old melodies that pleased Lord Robert so well, and John Huish was leaning on the instrument gazing down in her sweet face as she looked up at him with her countenance full of the calm joy she felt in the presence of her husband. He was a little strange at times, Duttnataid. not trouble her, for he was gentle and loving always, Teady to humor her slightest ?whim, and Madness itself to the feeble old gentleman who loved to come and prattle and pi'ose in their quiet little home. ' Sing it again, darling,' he whispered, bending down to Mss for forehead, but she preferred her lips, for Lord Anthony was sodding in an easy chair, with a cup of coffee by his side ; and as she withdrew them, her eyes closed, and a sweet smile of happiness irradiated ier gentle features. 'John,' she whispered, as her fingers strayed over the .keys, and her voice wa,5 rather sad. ' My darling,' he said softly. ' Do you know what it is to feel so happy that it seems that if it could not last?' ' Yee,' he said, bending lower over her. 'I have felt so ever since the day when you yielded to my prayers, and consented to be my little wife, and still it lasts.' ' Yee, yes, yes, damme, her ladyship said she would — eh ? — dear me — bless my soul, I was nearly asleep, my dears. Did I speak? — Heigh — ho— ha — hum 1' said his lordship, settling himself once more, as Joby, who was lying on a mat beneath the table, opened, one eye, rose, stretched Mm Belf and crossed the room to sniff gently at Lord Anthony's pocket before returning to lie down once more and settle himself to deep. The piano was again going softly, and for the third time Clare sang in a tone of voice that lulled the old gentleman off to deep, ** Love's young dream.' 'Let it be always 'Love's young dream, darling,' ' whispered Huish, as he sank down on one knee beside the music stool. 'Clare, darling, I am so happy that it is like being in a dream, one from -which we will never let the world wake *is with its troubles.' She let her head rest upon his shoulder, and her arm was thrown tightly round his neck. ** Yes,' she whispered ; 'let us dream.' « Yes,' he replied, ' we too always. I can feel that here within these two arms I hold all the world — that heaven has been bo bounteous to me that I can never be sufficiently grateful, and ? ' He rose quickly, for there was a step out side, and a servant entered. ' If you please, sir, there are two gentle men want to see you downstairs.' Huish turned pale, for a strange sense of coming trouble flashed upon him. ' I-id they send up their names r' said Huish, recovering himself. ' No, sir, only said would you be kind enough to step down sir, without disturb ing my mistress. It was something par ticular.'' 'Is anything wrong, John ?' said Clare, earnestly. ?' Wrong ? No, my dear, I hope not. Some bit or business ; people ror a suo scription or something. I shall be back directly. Go on playing, or we shall wake your father.' She nodded and smiled as she resumed her seat at the piano ; and as Huish went quickly out of the room, the sad strain of olden day 8 his wife was playing seemed to grow more and more mournful as the notes -were muffled by the closed door. « Where are the gentlemen, Jane ?' he said quietly. *' In the dining-room, sir,' eaid the girl -with a strange look ; and as he entered she stood waiting on the mat. One of the gas burners was alight, and Huish started as, on entering the room, he found himself face to face, with a dark stem-looking man, and a policeman who immediately placed his back against the door. 'Is anything the .matter?' said Huish, quickly. ' Well, yes, a little,' said the stern dark man. 'Mr. Huish? — John Huieh.' ' Yes, I am John Huish.' 'Then you are my prisoner,' Mr. John Huish; here is the warrant. Smith — cuffs.' ?? Stop 1 One minute !' exclaimed Huish excitedly. ' What does this mean ?' ' Only the end of the little game, sir,' said the dark stern man. ' Long lane that has no turning. Turning's come at last.' ' 1 do not understand you. Some mis take,' exclaimed Huish. ' Yes, sir, these matters always are little mistakes. Are you ready ?'- 'No. Stop !' cried Huish. 'Send that man away. You need not secure me. I will go with you.' The stern man relaxed a little, and smiled. ' Won't do,' lie said. 'We've had too much trouble to run you down, sir. You well-educated ones are certainly very clever. We've got a cab waiting.' 'But mv wife — my — we have company here.' * ' There, come along, sir, and get away quietly without letting them know. It's no use trying any dodges on because we've got you, and don't mean to let you slip.' 'Tell me at least what it means,' cried Huish. 'The big burglary last night, if you want to know for which little game it is ; but don't be uneasy.' 'My hat and overcoat,' said Huish, quickly. *' Get me away quietly, so that they do not see upstairs. I tell you man that I will not try to escape you. I have omy to go to tne station to explain that this is some mistake.' ' Get the gentleman's hat and coat,' said the plain-clothes officer; and the policeman opened the door so suddenly that the maid was entrapped. ' Jane, here, quick,' cried Huish. ' Tell your mistress after we are gone that I am suddenly called away on business.' ' And won't be back to-night, my dear,' said the officer. 'Now, sir, are you ready?' Huish nodded, feeling confused and prostrated by the suddenness of the seizure. For a moment he half felt disposed to re sist, but he refrained, and stepping into the hall, the girl opened the door just as Tom Hetley came up the steps. ' Why, Huish !' he cried in astonish ment. ' Huish !' cried the other. ' Not a word upstairs. There is some mistake. Go up to your father, and bring him round to the station. It will be a question of bail, eh, constable V ' Yes, sir, I should think it would,' said the officer, drily; and taking his prisoner's wrist he hurried him into the cab, and it was driven off. ' Then it must be all true about him, and his game is up,' muttered Tom, whose throat felt dry and lips parched 1 My poor little Clare ! What will her ladyship say ? What is to be the end of it all ?' He stood thinking of what he should do as the cab rolled away, and then entered slowly, feeling that he must leave matters a good deal to chance. And so it was that the deepest laid scheme for breaking the news would have been blown to the winds, for the maid had hurried up open mouthed to blurt out to Clare that master had been took, and that they were going to hand cuff Mm and put him in prison for bur glary. -? Is this girl mad, Tom ?' said Clare, who was trembling violently, while Lord Anthony stood up, hardly yet awake. ' Some cock and bull nonsence — a munaer, i suppose, replied xoni nastily. ' But she says the police — have taken my husband. Oh Tom, it can't be true,' sh*e cried, with increasing excitement. 'They — they — they are always making these confounded blunders, my dear,' ex claimed the old man. ' There, there, be quiet, my dear. Tom and I will go and see.' i( Yes, father,' said Tom. ' I was going to propose it. John wishes us to go. There, Clare, don't be stupid. I've no doubt it's all right.' ' Tom,' she cried, catching: his arm and gazing in his face, 'you don't think so. There is some great trouble at hand. What is it?' ' I don't know; I can't tell, only that you are hindering us when we might be o£ service to John. Be a woman, Clare, and take all that comes as a wife should. There, there, don't cry. I'll come back as soon as lean.' ' I must go with you,' she cried. ' If my husband is in prison my place is bv his side.' *' Yes, yes, my dear,' said the old man, querulously ; ' that's what they say in books, but the law won't stand it. Coaie along, Tom. I say, my boy,' he said as they reached the hall, ' it's precious hard on me that my sons-in-law should get into such scrapes. What has John been doing?' ' Heaven knows, father, but I fear the worst,' whispered Tom, and his words were heard upstairs by Clare who was leaning over the balustrade, and the poor girl stag gered back into the little drawing-room to sob as if her heart would break. ** But I must be a woman and act,' she said, drying her eyes hastily ; and, ringing, she despatched the girl with a short note to her sister, begging her to come back in the cab directly with the messenger. Then she sat down patiently to wait, after de clining the cook's offer of help. Ten minutes afterwards there was a quick ring at the bell, and the remaining servant answered the door. Clare ran to the landing, and glanced down, to .utter a cry of joy, for at that moment, a well-known voice exclaimed : — 'Where is your mistress?' and she ran down to meet her husband in the hall. Chapter XLVIIL— A Hurried De parture. John Huish seemed to Clare greatly ex cited and hurried. There was something strange too in his way which she could not understand, but set it down to that which he had gone through. 'Uh, John,' she began, clinging to him ; but he checked her. ' Hush !' he exclaimed. ' Not a word. Go down.' This to the servant, who tossed her head at the imperative order, and left the hall. ** Now,' he said, 'quick, your hat and jacket, I have a cab waiting.' ' Are we going out, dear h' she said, en quiringly, ' I have just sent for Rene'e.' ' How foolish !' he cried. ' But waste no time.' ' Where are we going ?' she asked, won deringly at his strange impetuous manner. 'Don't waste time, dear,' he cried, ' bat get ready. You shall know all as we go.' Clare's tears began to flow, but she hur ried away to prepare herself, while Huish walked quickly from room to room mutter ing impatiently. Not that there was much need, for Clare reappeared at the end of a minute or two rapidly tying on her hat. ' I am ready, dear,' she said, laying her hand upon his arm. 'That's right,' he cried, smiling and looking more like himself. ' Come alongl' ' Shall I tell cook how long we shall be ?' said Clare. 'No, no. Come along,' he cried impa tiently, and hurrying her out of the house, he helped her into a cab. ' Cannon-street station,' he said to the driver, and jumping in beside her, the cab rattled off. « Are we going to leave town, dear ?' said Clare. 'You'll soon see,' he cried. 'I can't talk to you now; the cab wheels make so much noise. Can't you trust me ?' 'Oh, yes,' she cried, laying her hand upon his arm, ' but you forget how anxious I am to know more.' 'Well, well, be patient,' he cried. 'There, if you must know, I have been fchort of money.' ' Yee, dear, of courje. I knew. You forget,' she said, piteously. ' \es, of course,' he replied. 'Well I was arrested for debt, and I have got away. We must stay in private — there, I'll speak plainly — in hiding for the time.' ' Oh, John, dear, this is very terrible,' she cried. ' Why not go to uncle Robert? He would help us I am sure.' ' Yes, perhaps so. We will settle that afterwards. The first thing is to get to a place of safety.' *' Safety, John, dear ?' ' Well, you don't want me to remain in prison,' he said. ' Oh, no, dear,' she cried, clinging to him. « But Tern— my father.' ' What about them ?' he said, sharply. ' What did they say to you ?' « When ? How ?' he asked. ' They came after you, dear,' she said, simply. ' Oh, yes ; they are busy with the police of course. Clare dear, if you love me be patient and wait. Don't question me when I have so much to think of just now.' She laid her hand in his, feeling it clasp her fingers warmly, and troubled though she was, she felt that she had her hus band's companionship, and she sat listening to the noise of the cab wheels as it rattled along in the direction of the city. Nothing more was said till the vehicle drew up, when Huish leaped out and helped her to alight. He then handed the cabman a liberal fare, and ex claimed, ' Come along, darling, or we shall miss the train.' He hurried her into the station, along the platform, and into the waiting-room. 'Sit down a minute,' he exclaimed, and he went to the door, while as she sat down she started, for something touched her, and looking down, she saw the great head of Joby lying in her lap, his tongue out ; and lie was covered with mud and panting heavily, as he stared up in her face in his quiet stolid way. 'Ah, my poor Joby,' she said, laying her hand upon his head ; and he blinked his eyes, but there was no answering whine or wag of the tail. Joby was not a demon strative dog, and he -was glad to rest his head in his mistress's lap after the long run alter the cab. Just then Huish came back. ' Halle 1' he exclaimed: 'that dog here?' ' Yes, dear,' she cried, ' he has ran all the way.' ' It don't matter. Come along.' He drew her arm quickly through his, and bidding her lower her veil, he led her hastily out of the station, across the road and into a narrow lane. ' Are you not going by train ?' she asked gently. ' No, it is too late. Just gone. Come along and don't talk, dear.' She hurried along by his side, for he was walking very fast, and only noticed that they went throught a perfect maze of narrow turnings, now up, now down, Huish stopping from time to time to look back to see if they were followed. He kept this up for nearly an hour, and Clare was getting hot and exhausted, when he turned sharply into a darker and nar nower lane where the peculiar scent of oranges saluted her nostrils, glanced rapidly up and down the deserted place with its two or three lamps and dimlv lighted public-house. The next moment he had thrust her into a heavy doorway, there was the rattle of a latch-key, and Clare felt herself drawn into a dark passage, and the door was closed. Chapter XLIX. — In Huish's Sanc tuary. ' Safe at last,' said Huish. ' Are you tired V ' Rather, dear,' she panted. ' But, John, what place is this I' ' My sanctuary,' he said, in a peculiar voice, ' Give me you hand. Come along. I'll tell you when the stairs begin.' He led her along the dark passage, and a strange chill of dread struck upon Clare, as the faint earthy clinging odor from below rose to her nostrils. She started nervouBly too, as a peculiar sound was heard. ' What's that ?' she cried, starting. 'Bah! the dog's claws on the oilcloth going upstairs,' he said, laughing. ' He knows the way, then — he has been here before,' she cried eagerly, ' Oh, yes, often,' was the leply. ' Come along.' As they reached the first landing, a light suddenly shone out, and, a few steps higher Clare gazed wonderiogly at the weird figure oi the Midge, with her long black unkempt hair, as she stood holding a baby ou one arm, and an ill-smelling lamp high above her head. There was an intent, curious, enquiring look in the Midge's eyes as they seemed to fasten upon the new comer, gradually growing vindictive, as they passed her without a word. ' Who is that?' whispered Clare. ' Servant, ' said Huish, laconically. ' Won't make you jealous, eh ?' 'John,' she whispered back in pained voice, 'why do you speak to me like that?' ' Oh, it's only my way,' he said flip pantlv. ' Come along.' They went up faster, for the stairs were lighted by the Midge'a lamp, and, reaching the second floor, he threw open the door of the comfortable well-lit room and drew her in, hastily opened the door of communi cation with the bedroom, satisfied himself that it was empty, went on and locked the farther door leading out to the landing, and returned. 'There, darling,' he said. 'You will be safe and happy here.' ' Oh, yes, John, dear,' she said, gazing at him wonderingly, his manner seemed so strange ; ' but 1 am so anxious.to know ? ' 'Yes, yes; all in good time dear,' he cried. 'There, off with that hat and jacket. ' Why, Clare, dear,' he cried, 'you look lovely.' There was a hot red spat in his cheeks as he spoke in a curiously-excited way, and Clare felt a strange sense of shrinking as he hastily snatched away her jacket, threw it on a chair, and clasped her in his arms. 'John,' she cried, struggling to free her self— ' look, look !' He loosed his grasp and turned suddenly upon June, who stood in the doorway, looking ghastly pale, and her great eyes dilated with rage and surprise. She had evidently risen from a sick couch, and wore a long loose white dressing gown, which, with her long dark hair flowing over her shoulders, gave her an almost supernatural look, heightened by the silence in which she gazed from one to another. ' What are you doing here ?' cried Huish, sharply. (t I thought you were in bed— iU.' 'I was,' replied June, slowly, 'till I heard you return.' *{ Go back to it then,' he said, brutally. ' Why do you come here ?' Clare shrank back towards the couch, as June slowly entered, with her eyes fixed fiercely upon her, and the door swung to. 'Who is this?' said June, in a low angry voice. ?? Take no notice of her. I will get her away,' whispered Huish, crossing to Clare's side. ' She is mad.' ' No, girl, I am not mad,' said June, sternly, for her organ of hearing seemed to have been sharpened by her illness, and she had heard every word. 'John Huish,' she said, sternly, 'answer me — who is this?' Clare's eyes dilated with horror. She was confused and startled. She could not comprehend her position, or why they were there ; and, as the recollection of the happy evening she had spent came to mingle with the chaos of fancies and surmises that hurried through her brain, it seemed to her like some strange nightmare, from which she felt that she would soon awake into peace and repose. To make the scene more impressive the heavy deep booming of St. Paul's striking midnight floated into the room with a strange jangle of other bells, some slow, some hurried, all bent on proclaiming the same fact — that another day was dead — another being born. As June repeated her question Huish's eyes grew dark with rage, and he pointed to the door. ' Go down,' he said, ' at once, or ' ? June shrank from him for a moment as she saw his look; but her jealous rage mastered her fear, and she stepped further into the room. Huish seemed undecided what to do ; he glanced at Clare, then at June, and then back to see that the former was looking at him imploringly, as if asking him to end the scene. ''Go down, June. Back to bed,' he said, firmly. ' You are ill ;' and he laid his hand upon her arm. ' Worse in mind than body,' she cried, starting away. 'Girl,' she continued, passionately, 'you look truthful and un spoiled ; tell me who you are ?' 'Oh, yes,' said Cfare, quickly, as she advanced with extended hand and a look of pity in her face. ' I am Mrs. Huish.' June's lower jaw dropped, and a blank stony look came into her eyes. 'Married!' she said, hoarsely. 'Are you his wife — to-day ?' '? Oh, no,' said Clare, wonderingly, ' for some months now. You are ill and deli cate. Can I do anything for you ?' ' No, no — no, no,' cried June, hoarsely. ?' Don't touch me; I could not bear it. Tell me once more.' ' Here, enough of this,' cried Huish, angrily. ' June, go down.' ' Don't touch her,' said Clare, excitedly ; and she interposed. ' She is ill — very ill. I am Mrs. John Huish,' she repeated. ' The woman he has wronged ?' panted June, laying one hand upon her breast, and pointing with the other. 'No, no,' said Clare, beginning to tremble, as she thought of the scene upon the stairs ; ' but vou are ? ' 'That man's lawful wife,' said June, hoarsely, 'and whom he now casts aside for some pretty baby face that takes his fancy.' 'It is false,' cried Clare with spirit. ' My husband is a gentleman and the soul of honor.' 'It is true,' cried June bitterly, 'and that man is a liar — a cheat — a scoun ? oh, God, I cannot bear it ! Let me die.' She threw up her hands and reeled. In another instant she would have fallen, but Huish darted forward, caught her in his arms, and bore her out of the room, carry ing her down to the next floor, while Clare, as she heard his receding steps, sank into a chair and gazed blankly before her. She started up, though, as Huish re turned with a smile upon Ms face, and closed and locked the door. ' Poor thing,' he said lightly. ' I am sorry she came up. Ill, you know. Her baby. Reason temporarily gone. She accuses everybody like that.' ' John,' cried Clare, trembling, ' I can not understand you to-night; you are so strange and unlike yourself. Is what that poor creature says true? Oh, I cannot bear to hear such words.' ' True 1 is it likely ?' he said, approach ing her. 'Why, are not you my little flUOi ' Yee, yes,' cried Clare, shringing from him; bnt tell me John, dear John,' she cried. ' Forgive me for asking you, but it is so dreadful to hear what she said. Oh, my own husband, tell me,' she moaned, as she flung herself upon her knees and clasped his knees, 'clear away this dreadful charge. I could sot bear it if it were true.' 'True, you silly little thing, why how absurd 1 How could it be true? There come, it is late, and I am weary. Why, my darling, you look as if you had seen a ghost.' la' Do I ?' she said, faintly, as he raised her up, and encircled her in his arms. ' I am weak and ill — the excitement has been too much for me. John, love, make me happy. Tell me again that this woman is mad. 'Quite,' he said quickly, as be drew her closer to him, while she, for the moment yielding, gazed dreamily over his shoulder. Then her eyes met his, and^as she gazed fondly in response to his im passioned glances, a strange revulsion took place; her face became convulsed with horror, and thrusting him away, she uttered a low wail and fled to the other side of the room. 'Clare, are you mad too?' he cried, pursuing her and catching her wrists. 'Yee, no, I don't know,' she cried excitedly. 'Don't touch me. I cannot bear it.' ' Silence !' he cried. ' Do you want to alarm the house ?' ' Oh. no, no,' she panted ; ' but you frighten — you horrify me.' ' Hush, fool,' he cried. ' Be silent.' ' No, no,' cried Clare, struggling, as he seized her in his arms and lifted her from the floor. 'Leave me. Oh, help— help- help!' Help came from where it was not ex pected, for as Clare, struggling frantically, was being borne towards the inner room, there was a savage growl — the snarl that a tiger might have uttered, and, creeping from beneath the couch where he had lain, Joby made two bounds and leaped upon Huish's shoulder, fixing Ms iron jaws in his arm, and hanging there, uttering a eavage worrying noise for a moment or two, and then remaining passive, as, [drop ping his burden, the man uttered a wild shriek, and turned to battle with the dog. He staggered about the room for a moment in his agony, for the animal's teeth were driven deeper into the muscles, feeling like red-hot iron ; and then swung himself round to try and throw the dog off. But he might as well have remained still, for all the effect it had upon his assailant. It was his right arm, too, and though he struck at Joby fiercely with his left fist, the dog merely closed Ms eyes, and drove Ms teeth more deeply into the flesh, hanging there by the powerful muscles of his huge jaws and neck, and not even uttering a menacing growl. It was horrible. The man's face grew convulsed, and with starting eyes he snapped and yelled, bending down at last after futile efforts to choke the dog with his left hand, and biting at it, setting his teeth in the back of Joby's head, but only being able to reach the skin. At last, mad with fear and pain, he fell, and the struggle grew more horrible, for dog and man rolled over and over, the human being growing dog-like in the terrible fight, as he foamed and tried to use the weapons which nature had given him. In her horror Clare shrank away till she stood holding by the doorpost of the inner room, gazing with dilated eyes at the hideous fray, till, just as it was at its height, and the man undermost was striving hard to keep the dog from taking a new hold upon his throat, the door was dashed open, and Balass and Thickbroom, white and scared, ran in to stare horror stricken at the overturned furniture. 'Help, quick!' cried Huish. 'Shoot Mm. Kill the beast. He has torn me horribly.' Balass^made a step in advance, but Joby, now crouching on his fallen enemy's breast, bared Ms wMte teeth, and Ms eyes looked red as flame as he uttered a low, fierce growl. 'Fetch a pistol. There is one in the drawer,' groaned the prostrate man. ' But I daren't come in,' cried Balass. ' I would not be bitten by that dog for a thousand pounds.' ' Fools !' cried Huish. ' Are you going to let him tear my throat? Curse the beast, he must be mad.' He started up on to Ms elbow just then, for Joby had slowly retreated, baring his teeth, and looking back at his enemy from time to time with a low growl till he reached Clare, before whom he stood in the inner doorway, and, turning round, uttered at the men a low deep-mouthed baying bark. Huish started up, bleeding and disabled, to drag open tie table drawer and take out a revolver. ' Stand aside, Clare.' he cried, hoaiselv. as he pointed the pistol at the dog. For response she sank upon her knees in the bedroom and clasped her arms round Joby, who barked defiance at his enemy. 'Call him off; get him away. I can send a bullet through his skull. Curse you, \ou fool,' he shrieked, ' let the dog (Jlare did not move, only crouched there trembling, and clung to her protector, creeping back farther and farther from the door, till Balass stole along the wall and banged it close and turned the key. 'Are you much hurt?' he said then. 'I don't know — I can't tell. Give me some brandy. The beast is as strong as a horse. Curse him — I shall faint directly. He lurched sideways, as if about to fall, but recovered himself and caught TMck broem's arm. ' Take me downstairs,' he said, hoarsely. ' I shall be better there. I must have the bites washed.' He shuddered and looked strangely from one to the other as the two men exchanged glances; and then, with their help, he walked below to drink with avidity glass alter glass of brandy, and then sleep by the fiie the long night through. Chapter L.— Flight. Clare Huish could not analyse the feel ings which oppressed her. All she knew was that her husband had suddenly inspired her with such loathing that she could not bear his touch. He had been faithless, and that had killed her love, and the dog had saved her from the pollution of Ms touch. Her position was maddening, and she felt at times that her reason must give way as, with hands extended, she felt her way in the intense darkness about the little bedroom till her hands rested upon the second door, which, like the first, was fast. She remembered now that he had en tered the room, locked the door, and removed the key, so that she was a pri soner in the utter darkness. What did it all mean— tMs terrible chaDge ? Was she to blame for it ? Had she behaved ill to her husband, or he to, her ? Was she the cause of that horrible struggle between Mm and the dog, wMch made her shudder now as she recalled Huieh's distorted countenance, his savage cries, and the way in which he had -vyrithed and shrieked as the dog attacked him. Ought she not, she asked herself, to loathe the savage animal that had made so fierce an attack upon her husband? She felt that she ought: and yet, with strange contradiction, she was ready again and again to crouch down upon the carpet and caress the dog, who softly licked her hands and rubbed Ms great head against her. But for his companionship she felt that her brain would have given way, so utterly unstrung was she by the events of the last two or three hours ; and at hist, sobbing piteously, she knelt down, clinging; to the neck of the dog, and prayed for help and guidance in her sore strait. She rose up at last, strengthened, and feeling more calm. A chair was close be side her, and, sitting down, she felt the great head laid once more in her lap, and placed her hands upon it as she tried to unravel the dreadful tangle into which her mind had run. She was John Huish's wife, and in pros perity or adversity it was her duty to help and comfort him ; and yet in this very first night of some great trouble coming upon him she was shrinking from Mm — loathing his very touch. She shuddered as she recalled his embrace, and asked herself was Oh, no, it could not be that, for he had told her this woman was mad — that her words were false — that it was all an inven tion ; and yet those words had caused her such agony that for the first time she thoroughly realised the sufferings of her sister Rene'e. It was horrible ; she felt that she could not bear it, and with the feeling upon her that her reason must be giving way, she got up and tried both the doors to see if she could escape. ' I cannot meet him again,' she moaned, as she felt that she was a close prisoner. ' I dare not. He is my husband, but ? oh God, help me, or I shall go mad.' A low whine beside her brought her back to the present ; and ehe knelt down by the dog once more, whispering to him and caressing Mm, yet shuddering the while, as she recalled the horrible scene. She even felt that she ought to loathe herself for her conduct, and yetthe dread of meeting Huish again was so strong as to master every other sense, and she cowered there trembling at each sound she heard below. One o'clock — 2 o'clock had struck, and still she sat there in the darkness with her brain growing more and more bewildered; and then she started to her feet and a cry rose to her lips, for there was a footstep without, and it passed the door and entered the next room. She crushed down the cry, and felt that the dog had suddenly left her, and was sniffing at the bottom of the door between the rooms. Then as she stood listening to the heavy beating of her heart there was the harsh scratching noise made by a match, and a gleam of light shone beneath the door. What should she do ? He was coming again, and an insane desire came upon her to seek for the window and cast herself out — anything to avoid meeting him now. Then she felt for the doer, and clasped his neck with her hands, mutely appealing to him to protect her, as she softly shrank away to the far end of the room, and pressed herself against the wall. At last when the mental agony of sus pense was more than she could bear longer, the door was suddenly opened and the light shone in, asd a low hoarse cry of horror subsided into a wail of relief, for there, in almost the same attitude in which she had seen her upon the stairs, stood the Midge, holding the candle above her head, but this time without her little burden. She advanced into the room with a dull angry look of dislike upon her face, such as she had often bestowed upon June, and then stood gazing fiercely at the trembling prisoner, bending slightly though to pat Joby's head, as he went gently up to her, and looked up in her face. ' You might leave me his dog,' she said bitterly. ' That isn't much.' ' I don't understand you,' said Clare, eagerly, as she crept towards her; 'but you are a woman. Pray, pray help me to get away from this dreadful place.' ' Dreadful place !' echoed the Midge, wonderingly. ' Who told you ? Did she ?'» ' No, no, but it is dreadful to me,' said Clare, catching at the Midge's hand, but only for her to snatch it angrily away. ' You don't know it as I do,' she said, 'or you would call it a dreadful place* Don't touch me. I hate you.' 'No, no, I never injured you,' cried Clare, piteously. *? Oh, as you are a woman, help me. Here, look, I will reward you. Take this.' She hastily detached her watch and chain, and held them out to the girl. 'Pah!' exclaimed the Midge, 'what are they to me. I've seen Mm and them, bring scores of them, and rich jewels, diamonds, and pearls; I'm sick of them} and do you think I would take that from you.' 'Why not?' cried Clare. 'Oh, girl, girl, have you no pity for me ?' 'Pity,' said the Midge, with a harsh, laugh. ' Well, that is good. Pity for you. Why, are you not Ms wife ?' 'Yes, yes, yes, but you cannot under stand. I cannot explain. Help me to get away from here. I must go — to my friends.' 'Go? To your friends?' said the Midge, looMng perplexed. ' What, have you quarrelled already ?' ' Oh, do not ask me — I cannot tell you,' cried Clare, piteously ; ' only help me to escape from here, and I will pray for you to my dying day.' 'What good's that?' ssiid tie Midge, mockingly. ' Fm so bad that no one could pray me good. I'm a curse and a misery, and everything that's bad. Pray, indeed I I've prayed hundreds of times that I might' die, but it's no good.' ' Have you no heart — no feeling ??' cried Clare, going down upon her knees to the* girl. ' Not a bit,' said the girl bitterly. ' They crushed one and hardened the other till it all died, I think.' ' Let me pass you then,' cried Clare, angrily. ' I will not stay.' ' If I let you paBS, you could not get away,' said the Midge. ' The doors are* locked below, and you could not find the keys. You don't want to go.' ?* What can I say— how am I to tell you that I would give the world to get away from here,' ciied Clare. ' Oh, for Heaven's sake save me before he conies again.' « He won't come again,' said the Midge, mockingly. The dog bit him so that he hasrhad a sort of sMvering fit. They gave Mm 'brandy till he went to sleep before the fire. Did you set the dog at him ?' ' No, no,' cried Clare. ' He flew at him. I cannot understand why, He generally loves Mm.' ' He's strange sometimes. He flew at and ..bit him once 'before, when lie struck 'me ?'. 'Did lie strike you?' -said Glare, woh derii3g]y. 'Yes, one day when I stood between , him aad her downstairs— befoi-e baby was Lorn. I said he was a Ibrute to ier-^-npt that I cared— and he hit me, and the dog^ \- Jobv there— flew at him.' ' : Clare panted and flushed, then turned ,pale andbitherJips,.for the question was ? struggling for exit— who is thd,t woman ' down below? But she would not stoop; to ask of this girl. She would not give way to the mean' promptings, and she conquered. But a minute later and she heard ^what, .crushed her very heart .within her brea.st, ! for the Midge went on :4- _?-'.._. ,'. ? .' 'I hated her when she came— when lie Lrought her months and. months ago, same , as he brought you to-night. ' That jf^s . -when these looms were furnished for her. Now I suppose you are to come and she;i3 logo with, the poor little baby.' How lie '. hates it.' ;.- ; ? ., ! : ?.;. . ? 'I cannot bear this,' moaned Clar.e -io .herself; and then fighting ~. do^vn * the emotion, she threw herself upon her knees to the Midge and clasped her hand. : ? ' Let me go,' she moaned/ ' Let me get away from'here and I will bless you.. , Ask anything of me you like, and it shall be yourg, only get me away.' ._.;,_.: ' 'You don't want to go,' said the Midge, mockingly. ' It's all a sham,' - -. .,, :??. ... ' 1 'How can I prove to you that; I mean it ?' cried Clare. :. ' -, '? '?I don't know,' said the . girl, sulkily. ' I only know that if I did he would kill me.' : :..??. Oh. ne, no; he dare ; not touch; you. Gome with me then, and I'll see that you are not hurt.' . . - . ' _ ..:?...; '. ' No/' said the Midge, slowly,;' I'm not afraid of him. I shouldn't mind if he did ? kill me. How handsome you are,' she said, as she involuntarily hud her hand upon . Clare's soft fair hair. ???.'.? 'Handsome !' echoed Clare. ' Better be the vilest, meanest thing that crawls than such a miserable wretch as I am. I don't inow you. I never saw you, till to-night,' she cried, 'but you are a woman, and you .must have' a woman's heart, ready to help one of your, sex in distress: You will help 'me, 'will you not?' ''..''?. As Clare spoke she rose from her humble position, threw her arms round the Midge, and kissed her again and again, ending by holding her hand and gazing with so piteous a pleading look into her great dark eyes that the girl's heart became as wax, and she kissed the pleader in. response. 'She never was quite like that to me,' she said, softly. ' You could 'win any. one over ta like you.' 'And you will help me?' cried Clare, eagerly. . ' Yes.' said the Midge, « I'll help you it you tell me what to do.' Clare hung herself upon the girl's breast with a sob of joy, and kissed her again and again. 'God bless vou for this.' slie cried. *' You do not know what you have done.' The Midge's arms rose, fell, then rose and fell again, and ended by tightening round Clare's waist as she clung to her for ,a moment, then hastily following her into the sitting-room she caught up and put on her hat and jacket. . '?'?'., ' Yrou must be a real lady,' said the Midge, watching her and taking, in her dress and every movement. ' I am the most wretched of women,' said Clare, piteously. . . ' - . ' Oh, yes,' said the girl, sadly. ' It conies of listening to him. He's got a way ?with him that draws you to him. whether you lite or uo. He does what .lie likes with all of us.' .-. . . : ' Evea in these critical moments ? Clare could not help a : stare of surprise as she listened, to the words ' of this noor, sickly, deformed girl. Had she married a man so devoid of all honor that it was his sport to trifle with the affections of every woaiaa ? he met? ? '... She shuddered at the thought, and taking tne hand the Miqge held out', she followed her out on the landing, with Jdby close behind, and then down from landing to landing, past the room where the men were sleeping, where she hesitated for a moment, dreading to pass ; then down- to, the earthy-smelling ground floor, where the \- Midge thrust her hand into a niche and drew out a key. .? . ? '' ' I shall put out the light now,' she said, softly. ' Kiss me before you go.' Clare threw her arms round the gj[rl aad strained her to her throbbing breast, and then the poor airl sighed,', blew out the light, and took Clare's hand. ' ' ' You 'ain't afraid of the dark, are you5?' she said. 'No: oh, no,' whispered Clare; 'but pray make haste ; they may hear.' ''Not they,' said the Midge.. 'They never wake after so much brandy. I'm afraid of the dark now, and have been ever 'since ? ' She did not finish her sentence, but led her companion to the door, unlocked it, and the next moment the cool dank air of the night was blowing upon Clare's cheek. ' Oh, I shall never forget this,' she whis pered, kissing the girl's hand. 'I don't know,' said the girl, 'but I. shan't. Good-bye, dear. I shall always recollect your soft face. . But,' she said, -with a spasm of jealousy shooting through her, 'you'll come back again?' 'Never,' cried Clare; and her voice seemed like a wail of misery. ** Good-bye, good-bye.' ' Stop,' said the Midge. -l Do you know ;y our way?' . .. . 'No,'r exclaimed Clare, starting with dread. . *' Where do you want to go ?' 'Home,' cried Clare— 'to Portland place.' 'I don't know it,' said the girl. 'Yes,; I do. It's up -west. Go straight up here -and then keep right along the great street 'past St. Paul's. Good-bye.' * . ', ? Clare fled in the direction indicated till Her 'trembling limb? refused to, -bear, her farther at such a ;spsed, ^agcl thoughtshe, jnet a pqUceman he 'contented ,- himself .with turning for a moment to gaze after her. Then subsiding inta a fast walk, she hurried on through the empty streets-. till ;the towering mass of St. Paul's met her ;view. . . ??????*???- --? ?? ?? She haot a pretty good notion now of fast course, but was confused in the darkness, and took the lower road to the west in 'place of the upper, but heeded it not, for she was free; and trotting stolidly by her aide was the patient dog. (To be continued.) , 