(:-i u u a — n :.c t SPOEIJIHG NOTES. BrHKRMKS." Mr. W. Bahlerfc, the secretary of the Mary borough and Criabrdok Raciug Club, writes to suggest that provincial racmg clubs should combine.in appointing a public starter, to omoiefn fernat their various meetings. A more beimiblo, suggestion waa never made, for an official of Lhia sort, id sorelyneeded. There ino post more important, requiring more ptactice, or i more difficult to fill efficiently, than that' of starter, and the men deputed to fee office ,at jcounfey races are, in the majority of instances, /perfectly 'incom petent, hayfeg not the slightest control over the jockeys, wno Are only too' ready to take liberties ; snot the r, slightest knowledge — a knowledge requiring great tact, skill, and coolness — of the right, mpmmat at which to despatch a field of Horses. , Time has been wasted in consequence, many and many a rapfl.tiaa hann npnllf nH-It-ly uiaRF , an\ ownpr# after backing his :horse heayily? , K» been qhkgrff by seeiugr it beaten riot on its merits. ; Mr. Buhlert rightly remarks that such an official is al most a sine quci nan to the success of up- country races. He thinks , that if some arrangement be arrived at, the person best qualified to fill fee post is Mr. G. Vowles, and in this I entirely agree wife him. Mr. Vowles has nad experience of long standing in racing, and possesses tho&e; qualities essential ;in a sferfer ; besides, a further epporiamfe Afforded him of OumtolF pbea»ingLfee capabilities of horses, » fee teak of bringfeg whiott fegefeer ro oiten' devolves on him as haudicapper, ItSBoorted from slmly that£larke, the »ride|P pinto in- theff>bncaster®hal» and Mas kilwi ) » is deadK - '/ i I '/ Stfcatbern willhcoffered.for sale m Sy&iey; qext Mopday unlets previously dispose or privately'., . 1 : : ' - ' Fromydney files I learn that the annual f eeting of Tattersall's Club was held last onday week. The report and balance eet showed that the affairs of the club were in a prosperous condition, that the number of members had considerably increased, and .thathfeough fep club had been put to unusual expeniife fe iiiMishing and fitting up the new club rofenf there was a sum of Ll,6i0 odd to fee credit in the bank. The expenditure during the past year had amounted to L3,983, while the income had come to L5,593. Mr. JR. Driver was elected president, and Mr. C. Skarratt treasurer, and after the other office bearers had been appointed the meeting came to a elose. The secretary of the A. J.C. has notified that on Thursday next, the 8th of prii, entries for the following events must be made, either to himself or the secretary of the V.R.C., Melbourne, before 4 p.m. : — Champagne Stakes and Substitute Stakes, run nt the A. J.C. Autumn Meeting of 1881 \ Australian Derby stakes, run at the A J.C. Spring Meeting of 1881; Australian St. Leger Stakes, run at the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting of 18S2; Great Foal Stakes and Sires' Produce Stakes, run at the A J.C. Autumn Meeting of 1882; and Wares' Pro duce Stakes, - run at the A.J.C. Spring Meeting of 1882. Acceptances and general entries are due on "Thursday next, the 8th inst., for the annual meeting of the Moulamein Racing Club, held on the day following. On the Sth inst., the Jerilderie races come off, and acceptances and general entries must be forwarded fe the proper quarters on the day previous. Owners must not forget'that acceptances for the races run at Ga ler, in " outh Aus'ra- lia, on the 14th inst., are due on Thursday next. i = . People desirous of making a trip $o. Queens land, to take part in the Autumn Meeting of the Queensland Turf Club, are reminded that Mr. R. C Bagot Will receive nomina tions ior the following events, at his offices in Boarke street, until 4 p.m. . on Tuesday -next, the 6th inst. : — The Brisbane Cup of L4 . each, with L200 added; the Moreton Handicap of L2 each, wife L100 added ; the City B audi cap of L2 each, with L60 added ; and fee Shorts Handicap of L2 each, with L60 added. The Laucefield races were brought off last Friday week. The attendance was not large, but the sport is described as excellent. In the locals all the officials come in for praise except the starter, who is stigmatised as in competent. Thefollo zing are the results Maiden Plate : Creeping Jae, 1 ; Pemberly, 2 ; Spring Rose; 3. I own Plate : Commo dore, 1 ; Secret, 2 ; Bedinah, 3. District Race : Springtime, 1 ; Jerry Doolan, 2; Commodore, 3. Handicap : Alert, 1 ; < om- modore, 2 ; Secret, 3. Hurdle Race,: Brewer. 1; Artful Rose, 2,; Win-if-I-Can, 3\. Consolation Stakes : Secret, 1 ; Jerry Doolan, 2 ; Spring Rose, 3. ;Creniorne was shipped for Sydney by the Rodon4o last Tuesday, to take part in the Approaching Amateur Turf Club haces. In Tasmania, the first meet of the newly formed Morven Turf Club came off lately at Evaodale. The weather was unfavourable, so that the racing was" not very successful ; besides, fee programme was not a rich one. The Maiden Plate was won by Sir William ; the Handicap was won, from start to finish, by King Arthur ; Cup Day secured the steeplechase; though he fenced in a slovenly fashion, and struck several of the obstacles hard. . About the same time the Forcett Race Meeting, whichis an annual affair, was held, in the presence of a fair number of spectators. Modesty carried off the Maiden rlate; Wild Dayrell, 'the Forcett Purse; Mountain Maid, the Hurdle Race ; and Tommy Dodd, the Hack Race. The following amounts were paid over by the Murrumbidgee Turf Club in connection with their recent autumn meeting : — Mr. , A. Loder, L238 ; Mr. T. Coffey, L180 ; Mr. J. Lloyd, Ll70; Mr. A M 'Donald, L90 ; Mr. M. Darby, L85 ; Mr. W. Dempsey, L25 ; Mr. J. Cain, L28 ; Mh' M, H. Devlin, ,L25 ; Mr. C. King, X10. Total, LS51. | By the death of Templeton, which lately | occurred through injuries received from Tailing over a ;cow when going a trial, the ;New Zealandeis have lost one of their best ! racehorses— a horse who has-been before the- public for several years past, and has made I a name which will be spoken of with respect in rimes to come. During the six years he has been oh the turf, he has proved himself ;good at all weights and over all distances, ' and has landed most of the principal races in Maori-land. He was bred in 1870 by Mr. Delamain, and was by Traducer (imp.) from Belle of the Isle, by Mslton (imp.) from Spray, Ky Donizetti from Lay Ar>j by Whisker (imp.) from a mare by Toss (imp.), of whose further pedigree there is no record! pray was bred in New South Wales by Mr., Single, and, if I remember rightly, was imported to New Zealand by Mr, Redwood in 1851, at fee same rime as Flora MTvor. Of Donizetti's breeding nqthing is known by some accounts he was an English horse' by others a son of Cantator («mp.), while in a few pedigree it is stated that he was by St. John (imp.) from a mare by Whisker (imp.). There is little chance now of his true pedigree tever being found out. Lady Ami; hersqlf was k good performer on the New South Wales turf about forty years ago, and from her daughter Spray many of the best horses in New Zealand have sprung ; so coming as he did from such run ning stock, the loss of such a good game- sound horse as Templeton is the more to be re gretted, for no doubt a career of usefulness awaited him at the stud. 5 ?Gtr .t,hat,1Jihe Belfast races passed off satisfactorily, the attendance being nume- rous, the races fairly contested, and fee weather beautiful. The primary event war the Maiden Plate, and Annie Laurie got the best of the starri was never headed, and won by a imnpleoffcthe, Gossip bring setoh? and Starby fend. Paddy feWikfo rieverly landed fee Hurdle Race afterK good race wife Sriimand Fanny, who second and third respectively. The RriSS i jHaadloap SynfeT landed D# couble Sv Mtogths, Gossip bemsecond, and Lady Farm v' IKiRffilrd. Selim just missed the Steeple V fease ferough blundering at a fence and wising 'a great deal of ground, thereby enabling Fictitious to score the victory Hieroglyph was third. Star took the Selling Stakes, ."Little Nell the Pony Racp and Playboy the Hack Race. ' That useful little two-year-old, Totalisator who ran prominently in the juvenile event e at the V- B.C. Spring Meeting, has, I 8ee had quite a field day at Laura, in South Australia, on the first day of the annual meeting of the great Northern Jockey Club He began by winning the Flying Handicap of six furlongs, Gitana and Woodman run. ning second and third, and immediately afterwards was saddled again for the Saplinu Stakes of six furlongs, w hich he also secured the places being filled by Colonist and Saunterer. Not content with this, he again went to the post for the 4 11- Aged Stakes of one mile, the last race of the day, and beat Pawnbroker, reckoned one of the best three- year-olds in South Australia, and Sir T Elder's very smart filly, Alefche. Altogether he did a good day's work for a youngster and such a series of victories in a single day is almost unprecedented. He was bred bv Mr. Holland, and is by Blue Gown (son of Lord of the Hills (imp ) from Deceptive by Yelvertpn (imp.), tracing back to the cele. brated old Sydney mare Betty, by Hector St. Barb, who has shown himself possessed of a great turn of speed, in out of his dam by The Barb, and Pawnbroker is by Blue Gown from Tin-Finder, by Tarragon from Deceptive. The G.N.R.C. Handicap of two miles, which is a valuable race, L300 being added to a s weepof L10, was won in 3min. 41sec. I by .our old friend Electricity, 7st 2lb (by The" I Barb from Modesty), who beat Mountaineer 3 8st 21b, by a neck, Pawnbroker, 7st I2Ib' gaining third honours. Jellett s old black l horse, Jack's the Lad, pulled off the Hurdle > Race, two o her Victorians— Camel and - Abdallah — running second and third. The 1 meetiDg of the G.N.R C. was continued on Tuesday with satisfactory results. Totali- | sator again ran successfully for the Maidens | of one mile, defeating .Vr. Hart's well-bred | three-year-old colt by Fireworks from f Chiffonniere and others. In the Autumn - Handicap of a mile and a quarter, Moun- " taineer. who was meeiing Electricity on more favourable terms than on the previous day, turned the tables on him, Miss Banter securing third place. The good field of nine competed for the G. Js. Handicap Steeplechase of three miles, and Timberoo came home the winner, Tancred and Abdal- lah occupying the second and third positions. Old Sheet Anchor and Red Iron were amongst the starters, but failed to dis tinguish themselves. The racing closed with the Areas Handicap, which was taken by Pawnbroker, The Bishop and Knight Errant have arrived safely at Singapore, and have been delivered to their purchaser, the W ahara jah of Jahpore. The following addenda have been made to the programme of the Maryborough and Carisbrook Racing Club, which will be found in our advertising columns : — That the entrance fee for the stewards' Cup is L3, due on Tuesday, the 27th inst. That horses com peting for the Distance Handicap Trot may be either ridden or driven, and if thirteen hands and under must carry 9st 7 lb ; if over thirteen Sx hands, and under 14 hands 2in., lOst ; and if over 14 hands 2in., list. The Australian J ockey Club held a meeting at their offices in Sydney last Thursday week. First of all, a motion was adopted " that the word third be substituted for the word second in the second line of Rale 15," and then Mr. Prince drew attention to the fact that certain clubs permitted jockeys who had been disqualified by other clubs to ride at their meetings. They quite ignored the dis qualification, notwithstanding that they advertised their meetings as being conducted under the rules of the A J.C Some dis- : cussion ensued, during which it was suggested that the adoption of the rule which obtains at Newmarket, i.e., the disqualification of the horses which run on courses where its rules are not observed, would put an end to the practice, which was admittedly a great evil. The chairman said the matter was a very difficult one to deal with. Mr. Prince said he had no resolution to bring before fee meeting ; he merely wished to draw atten- „i tion to what he considered a great evil. The meeting then terminated. The practice of allowing disqualified jockeys to ride is only , too common at Melbourne suburban gather . iugs, so sentences inflicted for dishonesty by / V.R.C. and other clubs lose half the j effect intended, | . Cranbourne races take place on Wednes- 1 day next. The weights for the handicaps, p| which will be seen elsewhere, have been jp|. duly framed by Mr. G. Vowles, The ac- |g ceptances must be forwarded to the proper its ? quarters to-day. |||? Mr. G. VewleB is also responsible for the |||| weights for the Heidelberg races, which tab® ;F'V place this afternoon. Empress has been placed m fee post of honour for the Heidel | S? Handicap and Shire Handicap with Sst ,1 A. respectively, Violet coming jgj| next to her in each event wife 51b less. For f|l| fee former event there is a range of 22tb m . the weights, while 3st separates the top ,"1 Isabella for the latter race J| 2 10st ?ib) heads fee list for fee W bottom. aC6' Mac (with 96t) is at the '|8| Members of the V.R.C. must not forget |1 at a special general meeting will be held ' J® PexfcFnday, at 4 p.m., at Menzies' hotel, 1 "|B i. Gt\llsi r most important matters — the .-J| introduction of the totaV sator, and the aboli on of the New Year s Day Meeting. , 11 it is wired from Sydney that Mr. Clibbom s M janual yearling sale, held last Tuesday, was |g P?r y attended, and that low prices ob im nu '- j e principal buyer was Mr- C M Unirnside, who secured eighteen colts and nUies, including a filly by Maribyrnong fro® appho, for 700 guineas ; a filly by VTatten h:H rnAr0?y Fancy (imp.), for 115 guineas ; |g oolt, Atlantic, by Goldsbrough from Fairy pal o H5 guineas ; a filly, Primrose, by iJ|S Lrriasbrough from Corisande, for 150 guineas J |gg| uliy, Stella, by Maribyrnong from Signer 0|1| 170 gnineas ; a filly, Europ, H The Drummer from Victorine (imp.), for \& S Sunbeam, by Hawfeornde fin? 3mSune (imp ), for 70 guineas i; H nlly, The Truant, by King of the King |H 3\. — — The Waif, for 195 guineas ; and a filly by Keloie for 70 guineas. Chester's brotner was bought in for 1,209 guineas, ? and a- ehesnut colt by Kelpie fiom Queen s Head for 1,500 guineas. The total amount of the aile was about 3,600 guineas. The entire horse Tne Ace, by ce of r«lnhs (imp.) from Gwendoline, has been pur chased by Mr. A. T. Anderson, of C tsterfcon. As The Ace is a fine, good-looking, sound horse, oneof Ace of Clubs' bestsons, he issure to be an acquisition to the district ia which he is to be located in future. ... Last week the settling in connection with the Kyneton races was held. The largest winner was Mr. H. Haines, who received L156 for Firebell's victory in the Kyneton Handicap. For winning the Lauristou Handicap with Zambesi, Mr, Chirnside was paid L122, and Mr. Drysdale's Cheque came to L11S for Turpin's success in the Steeple chase. The other prize-takers were Mr. Pyers, L50, for the Hurdle Race, won by Joe Thompson ; Mr. Whitehead, L50, for second in the Kyneton Handicap with Star of the West, and second in the Lauriston Handicap with Diamond ; Mr. Loughlin, L29, for King- stone's walkover in the Novel Race ; Mr. Dryden, L14, balance of stakes for Commo dore's victory in the District Race. Includ ing several smaller amounts for place money, the total sum paid away was L551, and the balance of accounts showed a satisfactory surplus in favour of the club. The right to the gates . Rr the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting fetched L1.0S0. The Landsborough races passed off to the satisfaction of the neighbourhood, and with the following results Flyiug Handicap- Prosper, 1 ; Croesus, 2 ; Lenore, 3. Maiden Plate— Bastard. Landsborough Handicap of two miles— Vaudermuller, 1 ; Prosper, 2 ; Shah, 3. Selling Hack Race— Bastard. Easter Handicap— Vandermuller. Selling Scarry— Fizz. Hews has been received by cable from IS e - Zeiiand that the great Autumn Handicap of a mile and a half, run at the autumn meeting of the Christehurch Jockey Club, has been won by the Australian horse Cambaiio, with Betrayer second, and Mata third. Their weights were Sst, 7st 9Lb, and 9st Sib re spectively. As Betrayer is about the second best three-year-old, and Mata is the best old horse in New Zealand, either the form there must be very moderate or Cambaiio must have improved vastly since he was here, for then he was but a second rate up-country performer, who could hardly have won at Melbourne with a postage stamp on his back. He was bred in Riverina by Mr. Walsh in 1S74, and is by The Friar from Belhari, by Indian Warrior. The South Australian horse, Glenburn, has been sold for 250 guineas, to go to Cooper's Creek as a station sire. The gigantic son of Tregeasle and Miami will no doubt do good service in Central Australia, if only he im parts his huge proportions to his offspring. I am sorry to hear that Mr. Alexander Smith, ofLindenow, has had ill-luck with Jack Tar lately, that horses fetlock joint having been discolated during a tiial. And another Gippsland sportsman, Mr, George Davis has been still more unfortunate, for a similar mishap befel his promising filly Camarine while galloping. As Gamarine is by The Gondolier (son of The Thames, imp. , and Phizgig, imp.), from Alice Drew (Columbus's darn), and bid fair to emulate the deeds of her half-brother when in condition, this accident must be extremely provoking. The Sydney races are passing off with un usual eclat, and attended with . most of the requisites that ensure suceef s. The weather, which was previously rainy, cleared up on the opening day, and remained magnificent afterwards. About 10,000 people were present to see the Leger — a very large number indeed for Sydney, where racing is not so popular an institution as in Victoria, and where the racecourse is not nearly so convenient for seeing the sport as at Fleming- ton. However, speculation was dull, and the ring are loud in their denunciatons of the lack of enterprise shown by our neigh bours. The ball was set rolling in the usual manner with the Hurdle Race, and this was won easily by the Tasmanian horse Express, the son of Peter Wilkins stripping in far better form to what he did in his native isle a few weeks since. Only Esmonde and Zsphyr, of the other competitors, were ever ta the hunt, and the pace being too strong for the latter, she retired \afc the last hurdles. Though only four horses went to the post for the Autumn Stakes, the utmost interest was felt in the result.'owing to their high quality — the V. R.C. Derby and Leger winners and the second for the Melbourne Cup having elected to try conclusions. It was generally supposed that Suwarrow would just pull through, for he had been doing very well in work, and was in better condition than when he figured last at Flemington. But these calcu lations were upset by Sweetmeat, who, after a desperate struggle, just secured the verdict bv half a neck. The time of the race was slow, and as an excuse for Suwarrow's defeat it was said that he was not at home on a right-handed course. Perhaps there was much reason in this, but for my part I think that the little grey has not at any time this autumn been in such good condition as I < was in the spring. Too much stress mutt not therefore be laid on his defeat, aspian did not run well, but then he is Mien an eccentric colt that it is waste of time frying to account for his vagaries. Grand rix was deemed a " moral" - for the Champagne Stakes, and such proved to be the case, though he did not secure this valuable prizu without a tough fight with the Queensland colt, Waterloo ; and had the atter got a better start, the verdict might ave been reversed. It must have been exceedingly gratifying to the owner of aterloo, and indeed to all Queensland sportsmen, to see the colt run so well ; and -"usfc .kave been still more gratified when Lothair beat a speedy field handsomely lor the Trial Stakes, the last event of the f'TT cMts were bred by their owner, he Hon. J. p. Bell, at the Grange Stud arm, near Ipswich, and come of dis tinguished parentage, Waterloo being by Epigram from the imported mare Wheat- sheaf, who cau boast of descent from Gibside airy Lothair, by Epigram from Legend kP j Jracing through a sister to the cele brated Nancy to sister to Hornsea, the ancestress of so many great racers, both at tyome and in the colonies. Epigram is by Blair AthoV, and conies on bis dam's side from the Elleidile tribe— good enough blood for auything ; but I have heard his'" confor mation taken ireat exception to, and a fierce controversy raged at one time in Queensland respecting bis merits. TbeGrange Stud was formed by Mr. Bell some Vea?s since, when a number of splendidly -bred matron-i Were imported from England. The field for the Caainpague ' takes was a' choice oue, and Sapphire. Lady Emma, Glenalvon Gerald me, and Friday have all futures of promise before them ; indeed, Lady Emma aud Geraldine both scored wins on the suc ceeding day. Another ''moral" came off for the Leger, Pefcrea cantering home at her leisure in front of five opponents ; and though none of the latter were of the highest class, still the hollow style in which she defeated them clearly established her right to be con sidered the best three-year-old of the season. A deplorable accident marked the Doacasfcer Handicap, five horses falling in a confused heap at the home turn. Santa Gruz was killed on the spot, and his jockey, Clarke, was so seriously injured that he died, after- lingering a few nours in the hospital. r« o other jockeys were severely bruised and shaken. The race was won easily by. the beautifully-bred Queensland, who is by The Italian from Star of Peace (imp.), by Masaniello from Mainstay (imp.), by Pepper mint from Fisherman's dam. I he Italian is by Lord of the Hills (imp.) from Amethyst (imp.), a grand -daughter of the renowned Pocahontas, who was three parts sister in blood to Rose de Florence. On the Cup Day, though the weather was fine and the Governor was present, the attendance ! showed a decrease, and not more than eight thousand people attended. Of course, the entire interest centred in the Gold Cup, and but little attention was paid to the opening events. The first was the FlyiDg stakes, and was won, after, an exciting finish, by Clarenza, and the second was the Autumn Maiden Stakes, which was secured without much effort by Fau Bias, the speedy son of Maribyrnong and Caress, who met with con siderable support for the Newmarket Handi cap. Waterloo was second ; he died away at the fiiiisli, and, perhaps, is . not sufficiently matured or forward enough in condition to last so long a dis tance. At the finish Pefcrea met with most support for the Cup, and started first favourite, though Martindale's price was similar, while Strathearn and Hopeful were most fancied of the others, and Sweet meat, despite his brilliant performance on the previous day's racing, slightly receded in favour. Lowlander, Pontiff, and Euclid were also backed at the post The splendid field of twenty-six horses competed, the largest on record. The start was an exceedingly bad one, and Petrea got badly way, but at the turn for home she went to the front, and won with ridiculous ease. Martindale defeated Strath earn by half a length for seccud place, and Gemma di Vergy's son, Sunlight, was only a head behind the latter. Petrea's breeding and history are well known to racing men ; she has been an in-and-out runner to an extent en tirely unaccountable. She was scratched at the eleventh hour for the Derby, after having having been a great public favourite through out the winter, on the plea of ill-health ; yet her running in the Oaks showed that had she started she must have beaten Suwarrow. Then she was ridden right out of the Mares' Produce Stakes, and after one of the most surprising runs possible, at the finish suliered defeat by a head. In the Champion Race she only managed to run a moderate third to heritable companion, First King, and got home half a length before Martindale, who was giving her 291b. But, then, she lay right out of the race most of the way, making prodigious time in the last six furlongs — 1 min. lfisec., as against the lmin. 19sec. of the winner. On the eve of the publication of the weights for the great autumn handicaps, she ran last for the GeelongCup, the excuse being made that she ricked her back in the race ; yet, though a strain of this description is so serious a ' matter as generally to disable a horse from racing for a long period, we find her per forming again in the V.R.C. St. Leger less than a month afterwards, and running abso lutely last to her stable companion, Caspian. Two days afterwards, ridden badly by a stable lad, she took a good place all the way in the Australian Cup, and was within an ace of winning it, and on the Saturday fol lowing was just defeated for the Ihreeand Four YearOld Handicap by Zambesi, showing by the position occupied by Caspian at the finish that the Leget running was all wrong. In Sydney, Caspian has never had a show with her on th,e training ground, and she has spread-eagled the fields in the St. Leger ana Cup - never giving Martindale the ghost of a chance for the latter race, though he «as meeting lier on 191b better terms than mthe Champion Race, and, besides, was at least a 14lb fitter horse. After the excitement on the Cup had subsided, four juveniles entered the lists for the Breeders' Plate, and a great pot boiled over in Grand Prix, who collapsed close to home, and was beaten easily by Geraldine. The correctness of this running I cannot accept. It is ridiculous to say that Grand Prix cannot stay six furlon.s, and only won the Cham pagne because it was a furlong .ess, for it must be remembered that both the events he won at our autumn meeting were oyer six furlongs, and I should tbink that Sir Joseph, whom he beat for the Sires' Produce Stakes, was quite as good as Geraldine. I fancy the dickey leg must have been givmg trouble, and tliat the colt either broke down m the race or was short of work. Queensland beat a large field easily for the Selling Stakes, and Lady Emma secured the Sapling Stakes, but, then, she was m receipt of 161b from Lothair, who was second, ine light forfeits and entry fees m vogue at Sydney Beem to have produced most bene ficial results, judging from the large fields that started for the races. Great complaints were made about the starting, and after e second day a change was made in the starter. There is nothing so annoying to owners and the handicapper as bad starting, and the shortcomings in this department at bydney are proverbial. - . , An action for libel of some interest to racing men is at present in progress in New . Zealand. It has been brought by Mr. G. u> Stead, who races under the assumed name ot Mr. G. Eraser, against the directors of the Otago Daily Times and Witness Newspapers Company, and the alleged libel, which ap peared in the Otago Witness of 7th February, was as follows "Mr G. Eraser's chesnut gelding Longlands, by Totara from Mar chioness, 5 yrs, 7st 121b, was bred in Auck land by Mr. James Watt, and is a very good horse for handicap, though scarcely able to hold his own with the best at weight for age. He has achieved a great reputation f.orgame- ness aud speed, but is principally notorious for his two cansec itive wius in the Great Autumn Handicap. He has not done a great amount of work, the course observed being much the same as is pursued with Mata — score a remunerative « io, ani then either lay him up for a time, or run him totally un fit, the result being that some handicapper lets him in cheaply for another big race, and again he lands a moral." The case was heard at the Resident Magistrate s Court, at Christ- church. and as a prima facie case was held by the Bench to have been established, the managing director was committed for trial at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. The other directors did not appear, but as the prosecutor was content with the committal of one director, the Bench allowed the information against the others to be with drawn. I am very glad to see that Steve Mahon has had a turn of luck at Deniiiquin, and pulled off the Cup with Dictator. The race was run in the fast time of 3min. 39sec., and it was a great feat on Swiveller's part to finish within half a length of the winner, with the crushing weight of list 71b, and giving away no less than 3Slb. Mr. Lloyd's usual good fortune, however, did not quite desert him, for, though unsuccessful with Swiveller, he landed the Flying Stakes with The Marchioness, A Melton correspondent writes : — " Races were held here on Easter Monday, the pro moter being Mr. M'Grane, of the Royal hotel. The prizes offered were small, but some good horses competed. The Maiden Plate was won by Cripps's Essendon ; the Melton Han dicap, by Hyder's Diamond ; the Hurdle Race, by Hyder's Diamond; and a Hack Race, by Connell's Werribee. In this race an unfortunate accident happened to Collins, one of Mr. Crook's jockeys, which has since terminated fatally. He was riding" a horse in the last race which put itsfoot into a rabbit burrow, and got a terrible fall. The rider never recovered consciousness, and died on Wednesday morning, at Bacchus Marsh." The following paragraphs are taken from last week's Adelaide Observer : — "The dispute between Mr. J. Eden Savill and the com mittee of the South Australian Jockey Club, which has culminated in the issue of a writ for damages at the instance of Mr. Savill, came before His Honour Mr. Justice Boucaat, both in chambers and in open court, on Monday, 22nd March, i he action is for L3,G00 damages, and to set aside the following resolution passed by the de fendants : — "That the decision of the stewards of the Newmarket race-meetings, held on Saturday, 3rd January, 1S80, that Mr. Savill be warned off the i:outh Aus tralian raceconrse at the Newmarket race meetings for the issuing twelve months, be endorsed, and that Mr. Savill be warned off the South Australian raceconrse for all meet ings until the 3rd January; 1881." This resolution, it is stated, was passed by the committee of the Jockey Club w ithout any inquiry being made into the facts of the case, and without hearing Mr. Savill or giving him an opportunity of showing cause, although requested to do so ; and Mr. Savill charges that the committee falsely and maliciously caused to be printed in the (daily Press the fact of this resolution having been passed. The members of the committee who are made defendants are the Hon. R. C. Baker, M.L.C., and Messrs. E M. Bagot, W. L. Reid, W. Pile, J. H. Pair, H. chambers, and John Richardson. A summons in chambers was heard on behalf of the defendant Mr. Parr, through his counsel, Mr. Barlow, to set aside the writ, on the grounds that it was not in proper form as required by the rules in cases where some of the defendants are not within the jurisdiction, and that the claim and affidavits should be printed, six copies being required. I he first of these grounds failed, and the second was reserved, and the summons dismissed. Before the Conrt a motion was made, on behalf of Mr. 8avill, for an interlocutory order restraining the committee of the South Australian Jockey Club from enforcing the resolution in question until the trial of the action. His Honour, after argument, granted the order, holding that the Jockey Club were not justified in the action they have taken. Costs cf the motion were made costs in the cause." The half-yearly general meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club, Limited, called for Thursday, 25th March, lapsed in the absence of a quorum. The directors' report laid on the table stated that since the last half-yearly meeting, held on 22nd September, 1879, they had effected an amal gamation with the South Australian Jockey Club upon the terms then agreed upon, which terms had been completed, with the exception of the late committee taking up 230 shares in the company. The directors had reason to believe that arrangements were being made to complete this object. By the balance- sheet it would be seen that the indebtedness of the company had been increased by £215 19s. lid., the overdraft at the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank being now £420 19s. 8d. This had been principally caused by the money paid for two draught horses bought to replace the two belonging to the company, which were killed by the railway train, and by the purchase of the totalisator machine, for which the direc tors paid £271 6s. lid., and the future work ing of which the directors expected would give a good financial return to the company. tThe balance-sheet showed an excess of assets over liabilities of £2,694 17s. lid. Before me is the proposed programme for the racing season 1880-81, which has been agreed to by the V.R.C. committee, and which will be submitted for approval at the general meeting of members of- the club on Friday next. It embodies most of the modi fications proposed by Captain Standish, and, as I referred to these fully a fortnight since, 1 I will now merely point out the differences. First of all, the Maiden Steeplechase will be run at the spring instead of at the autumn j meeting, and is substituted for the Footscray i Stakes, whilethe Three-year- old Handicap i will fill up the gap on the second day of the i autumn meeting. The money added to the , Champion Race w 11 not be reduced to L5G0, nor the prize for the Melbourne Cup increased ' to L 1,000. The minor forfeit for the Mari- i . byroong Plate will fall due on the 1st of ' j October, instead of the 1st of September, j Forfeits for other races will > ave to be de- j clared at 10 a.m. on the day preceding, instead of on the morning of, each race. L200 additional will be. given to the Aus tralian Cup, making the amount added L500. No doubt, before the programme is finally adopted, other alterations will be made, everal letters on the subject have apneared m the papers, and it will be thoroughly dis cussed at the meeting on Friday. 