CAVE ADULLAM. CABLEGRAM. From- To Bon. Beaconsfield, Esq., Mr Cave Adullam, Downing-streot, Literary Fossil, London. Newcastle, N.S.W. THERE was a dreadful row in both 'Ouses of Parliament, old man, when they found out that the late Afghan blunder cost twenty millions, and is likely to cost as much more before it is done with. When CHARLEY DILKE used to be always worrying round about the shameful ex pense of the country and so forth, that this Scientific frontier business was cost ing England, we managed to choke him off with words, Horatio, mere words, but now he and his cronies have the run of the Counting House, Kitchen, and Trea sury themselves, all the fat is in the fire. There was some tearful growling. from the Old BritishLion, whien he was told by the Chancelloi of the Exchequer that he thought he had heard somebody say' that it had been hinted by a party who knew a man whose wife used to sweep out the Circumlocution Office that it would cost about seven millions, but my word,.now it has oozed out that it has cost twenty millions, you can hear him roaring all over the land I I was seized with a sudden attack of gout and couldn't go down to the Lords, but I am told GRAN PILLE went in a docker ! As for WILLIAM the W1ooDCHOPER, he let out worse than he did when he was stumping the country from Midlothian to Mile End The way that man does go on is contrary to all known principles of political humbug--I mean economy. Why, he is capsizing all the beautiful gingerbread Imperial Chateaux d'Espagne that SALI.snuRY and I have been building for these last seven years. The August Lady is awfully cut up. As she graciously observed when I went down to Windsor the other day to introduce my "crutch" (as they used to call Lord MoNTAGUE CORRY when he was my private Secretary) to her august notice, "DIzzY, something really must be done to stop that man's tongue. I don't know what to do. He is so deadly polite and precise when he appears before me on business, for me to sign death warrants, blank cheques, and contributions to Benevolent Institutions, that I am obliged to be civil to him, but I must say, DIzzY, that he has not that gentle, wiunnmg, debonair yet strictly respectful attitude when he blots up the writing after I have signed my name, as you had, Dszzr! Ah those were indeed the happy, happy days of yore."-I must confess, my dear CAVE, that I felt quite unmanned, or rather unpremiered) as this delicate compliment fell from the August lips. The A.L. then proceeded, "You see DizzY, something must be done with LEOPOLD ; he is now 27 yearsof age, and is hardly earning a penny for himself, and doesn't seem likely. He hasn't got the cheek, bless me, I mean the consciousness of worth that ALBERT EDWAID and ALFRED have, and I. am afraid if I don't get him run in--Imean married, he will be.doing some foolish thing or other or be led astray. As to getting him into one of the Royal Conitinental Families, I don't see the ghost of a chance; things are all at sixes or sevens, and they think more of laying out money on powder, shot, and torpedoes, than on princesses dowries. so I had began seriously to think about Miss MAYNARD for him. With her £30,000 a year, her good looks, and her magnificent carriage,. she would pass muster very well at Court with me, when BEATRIX is lookingup the quarterly wash. But then you see, DIzzy, there's two things to contend against, his two big brothers and that horrid Parliament. Now if you had been as you used to was, always at my right hand as my faithful counsellor, you could have managed the lot. As it is he comes under the Royal Marriage Act, and must have the consent of Parliament first. Well you see DizzY, I can't tell that pre. eise WILLIAx all these things. When I speak to JonsnBRowN about them, all he says is "Eb, my ladie, canna ye speer wi DIzzY, to waurk the oracle ? If he canna do it, de'il the mon there is in all braw Scotland or England either that can.' But you see, DizzY, after the fifth glass of whiskey, he appears to forget you have resigned, and talks wildly about 'The Braes of Balmoral,' and.all such nonsense as that. So you see, DizzY, how much I miss you." Of course, CAVE, I felt deeply touched and bowed till I could hardly pull myself up again. In fact, I should have fallen forward altogether but for my crutch, i.e., Lord MONTAGUE Conny. They called him my " crutch," because I used to lean upon his shoulder as we walked down Pall Mall. So I thought the least I could do was to make him a lord.-I've got it pretty warm though, for putting some of my old chums into the peerag',. The Radicals chaff 'em, and say, " Old Cocks, your boss could put you into the peerage, but he couldn't put you into the House of Com. mons."--Theh WzaLAsz himself has taken to joking in a gbastly manner. Because GulNNEss was not elected for Dublin, and none of the three ALLsoPPs' in England, he laughs, and says "All the Tory interest couldn't get any ALE or STOUT into the House." Yet they call this wit. Well, I can't see it.- There's another shindy coming on about Turkey,-l'm afraid, and theh' all my little game; and the sultan's will be bowled out as sures asa whistle. The fact is,. you can never trust the Turk. I: thought, being half a kind 'of relation, being a Child of the Shadowy East myself (vhlen I was young) as he is, that he' wouldn't sell me. I am aftraid, though, there is .likely to be a thorough clear-up and . bringing, the Sick Man to his senses, or else what do the three combined fleets want in Bessika 3ay.? Tell me that, CAve, and I willfor ever bless you !--=I am told that there is a cousin of the Huzzar of all, the Russias out your way, as threatened to chuck hisself into the river, rather than let the Union labourers fill small coal for him, while' his beloved blacklegs were blossoming around. Why CAVE, old man, how would the world go on without him ? If he wants to know, let him stick a fine cambric needle into a millstream, then withdraw it; and look at the hole !--I thought BunAAnY was bad enough, but DAVID beats him hollow. Did I tell you about BunsABY ? He is a Major now. You remember him when he was a Captain, and wrote a book called " A Ride to Ehiva." Well, he was not content with being pushed up a peg or two higher by ALBnET EDWARD, and made a Major of, but he must go in for a seat for Birmingham. But it seems to me that some people, when they bheohme n oliticians;' become greater muffs than ' ver I There's ODAvt gets flourishing tumblers in the eyes, of the Speaker, and this Major EBuvNAiY sits down on the hustings and smokes a short pipe in the front of his would-be constituents, because he was the aristo cratic BuRwAnY, thinking they would stand anything I Is it any wonder he went off like smoke to the bottom of the poll? DAVIE will go off (his head) just the same before long ? Isn't it almost time he went back to Free Trade again ? He has had a pretty good spell at Protec tion now, fully three months at least, and it must be getting stale.-Bye-bye. 