''AT'ETHiODIST IDYLL. U"nder this head the Pall Mall Bud get reviews a work entitled " Some Pas sages from the diary of an, Early Me. thodist," by the late Mr Richard Rowe. The charming portrait which Mr Rowe has drawn in this diary has a value (remarks the Budget) altogether apart from its capability to present to " this gaping, grasping, and wonder-greedy age," a more just conception of Me thodism than that generally enter tained; and it ought to possess interest for the modern generation of John Wesley's followers, who practice their form of religion under much more com fortable conditions than were possible to honest Nathaniel Pidgeon,-the name of Mr Rowe's hero. When Pidgeon is first introduced to us he is a prosperous and contented country schoolmaster, happy in his family and in good repute with his neighbours. When he calls himself a miserable sin ner in church, it is "a mere fashion of words.", i But from this state of mind lie is disturbed by the preaching of John Wesley, and becomes converted. He has the courage of his faith, and attends Methodist meetings, very much to the sorroiv. of his wife, who is afraid of the consequences. The consequences come jquickly. At 'the beginning 'of the Methodist! movement Wesley and his disciples were vulgarly believed to be emissaries of the Pope and the Pre tender, and hated with ferocious hatred which is reflected. The rector first tries to reason Pidgeon out of his strange d6otrines. Then he threatens to take hii scholars from him, and preaches a se'rmon in which lie vows to " root out from his parish sneaking rebellion and Popery in disguise." The steward of the local landowner roughly calls Pid geon a fool, andithreatens to turn him out of his house at the end "of the quarter. Pidgeon resolves to go rather than be false' to his new faith, though ihe finds it hard to bear the re proachful words andlooks of his wife aindchildren,. who' look upon' him as c their undoer. But he is not allowed to depart in peace. The mobsets upon c him : These pious keepers of Easter, having C filled themselves with strong drink (many of them, 'twas plain, had not boon abed all night, and could scarce keep their i legs), came witl their fiddles, their j whistles, their bells, pans, cleavers, and confused tumult of voices, and flung ad dled, stinking eggs, mire, and dung at us as we rode forth upon the waggon, the steward egging them on, cracking his whip, and bidding us with many oaths begone; as if we had not as much right as lie upon the King's highway. " Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame. Like the troubled sea when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and,dirt." And not content with this, they flung stones,' We were wounded in' person, our goods and apparel were much damaged, and my face burned like a hot coal at the beastly talk the ruffians did not scruple to utter in the hearing of my wife and childrn. I luknow not how far the devil might have driven them, had not the Lord sent the rector to deliver us out of their mands: Just then one of the crowd had snatched' from my little Susan her i bird, which she had brought away in, its i wicker cage, and wrung its neck,'swearing in his drunken folly: that it should sing no Methodee hymns, At the sight of his sister'se tears my little Jack, clenching his fists, would have leaped from the cart upon the fellow, had I not restrained him. i The rector likewise had seen it all, and coming up bade the crowd begone for d cowards, and rebuked Mr Knowles for the countenance he gave them in molesting women and children. And when, encour aged by his saucy answer, the mob still lingered, the doctor laid on lustily with his whip; and sent them scampering. Then having spoken a word of comfort to c y poor wife, and patted Jack upon tho d head, ho bade me a gruff good-morrow, and saith to the waggoner, " Drive on ;" riding at a little distance behind nI, until we wer safe out of his parish. ;:: . Pidgeon ultimately gets employment as: an accountant from a Methodist tradesman in Bath, whose character is happily hit off in the following pas. sage:- ' " My wife is glad; but would hlavo beeni. betterpleased had not my employer been a ,ethodist.' She ays tat hehath Itlnot promised me enough to recompense me fairly for my toil; and this, indeed, is s1 true and that I shall be made the more I obstinate in miy ways of thinking through n my service in his house. 'Tis these oppor. _ tunities of Christian fellowship'whilch have contented me with the poor pay. Although not of a liberal spirit, Brother Saunders hath a great gift in prayer. ' Butithough: happy in his new em ployment, he will not keep away fro d Methodist meetings, and soon after his 8 settlement at Bath has another experi-. ence of the ferocity of the mob. His - escape is thus described : Shaking myself free from they that had s seized me I ran'for my life, atnd, at first, outstripped my pursuers, but, entering a ' narrow lane, my footstruck against astone, v anid I fell prone, my pursuers pouncing a upon me. Nevertheless, I was graciously d preserved from the fear of man. That t comforting Scripture was whispered in my ear, "Reoice not against me, 0 mine . enemy 1 when I fall, I shall arise." Raising ig me, the more conveniently to search my r pockets-the robbers, for such, 'tis plain, a were these rioters- set me against a fence, s where they took from me my lihat, my t watch, and alittle loose money which I had about me, but, pressing on me too fiercely, and the wall being of dry stone, they drove it' down, and with much clatter we all lay sprawling ill the dark. IMaking c no outcry, nay, holding my breath, I rolled f out of the reach of cnine assailants, and i then.rising sped my way across the fields, i reaching home, praise be to God, un- I scathed, save for dirt, and a few scratches, and the aforesaid losses. I shall have much to tell my children on the morrow, which little Jack will drink in with greedy i ears, although, mothinks, he will frown ] when he heareth that his father was con- t strained to flee. 'Tis strange the love the little lad hath for tales of highwaymen and fighting. Oh, may the love of God be so shed abroad in his heart by. the Boly Ghost given unto him that he may a prove a good and faithful soldier of our a Lord Jesus Christ! t The passages which we have quoted t vill give the reader an idea of the gra- . phic felicity of Mr Rowe's descriptions. I He has abundant opportunity for the i exercise of this faculty amidst the t sce?es of tield preacling and ritilng through which he conducts his lhro. The modest Pidgeon is honoured by the patronage of Wesley himself, and ac companies him on his preaching tours in the north and the west of England, recording by the way not merely the incidents of the great revival, but his impression of the people and the scenery. iVe do not know where can be found a more vivid picture of the towne and villages of the time-the time of the Jacobite Rebellion of 1745-than Mr Rowe has presented through his Met- I hodist's spectacles. Merely as a work of art the picture is perfect ; Methodismr which was the great fact-of the time for the diarist, is kept in the fore ground; but the background is full of life, sketched with masterly skill. 