gATHOLlC INTELLIGENCE^ VICTORIA. | ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. COLLECTION FOB THE HOLT FATHEB. On to-morrow (Sunday) the annual .olleotioQ will be made for the Holy Patter throughout the Archdiocese. The following letter was read from the altars fc>f the city and suburban churches o Sunday last:— TO THE CLEBOT AND LAITY OF THE ABOH- DI00E9E OF MELEOTJBNB. DBAB BBETHBBN,—We invite your attenion to a letter we received from the Cardinal Prefect of Propaganda, acknowledging the •eceipt of a draft for £650, the amount of Peter Pence contributed last year by the faithful of he Archdiocese, and which we transmitted o his Eminence by the October mail, 1879, or delivery to the Holy Father, with issuances of loyal attachment. In this etter, which will be read at Mass, in each ihurch and chapel, the Cardinal states that be bad presented the offering to his Holiness, who graciously and thankfully accepted it, and imparted to the contributors his special Apostolic Benediction. The collection, this rear, will be made in the churches and ih&pels; of Melbourne on the Sunday within he Octave of the Feast of S3. Peter and ?&ul;, and in the other churohes and chapels if the Archdiocese on such Sunday, before ie end of July, as may suit the convenience jf priests and people. The straitened circumitances of the Holy See, to whose watchful olicitude is confided the administration of the jhurch of Christ throughout the whole world, render this annual appeal to your generosity an mperative duty. The heavy expenses of this iniveraal admin istration, formerly providedfor >nt of the ancient patrimony of St. Peter, of irhich. the Holj> See bus been, by fraud and riolence, despoiled, can now be met only ly the CJmbiuei offerings of the faithful. Co prie&ts; and laity we most earnestly command tbe collection appointed to be nade for this purpose. May God's grace and blessing abide with you. >J< JAMBS ALIPIUS, Archbishop of Melbourne. Uiven at the Archbishop's Residence, Melbourne, 26th June. 1880. THE PROPAGANDA, Rome, 31st December, 1879. MOST REVEREND LORD,—I received your Grace's letter of 29th October, with the en- 4 draft lor the Peter Pence of £550, which I haetenod to place in the venerated hands of the Holy Father, in the audience of the 18th ; and his Holiness, grateluliy . accepting the offering, deigned to bestow a special apostolic blessing on your Grace, on each giver, and on all tbe clergy and people of the diocese. I am glad to notify this to your Grace, and I pray God that He may long preserve you and grant you every Tour Grac 'e most obedi-'n 1 -, JOHN CABDINAL SIMEONI, Prefect. J. MAGOTTI, Secretary. Most fiev. James A. Goold, Archbishop of Melbourne. The list of subscriptions for 1879 will be found in our advertising columns. MAGDALEN ASYLTJM. A meeting of the lady friends of this institution was held at the convent, Abbotsford, on Wednesday, the 23rd ult., and was largely attended. It was decided not to have a bazaar this year, bat, as a substitute, a collection in money and goods, to be supplemented by an artunion, the drawing of which will take place at the end of the year. All contributions of not less than one pound will be published with the names of the collectors. The goods contributed will form part of the art-union prizes. The tickets for the art-union will be issued in September, and the gifts for it should be sent to the convent not later than the 30th August. It should be unnecessary to remind our readers of the claims which the Magdalen Asylum has on all classes in the community. There are at present 188 inoiatesin the institution, and we trust that the result of this year's collection will strengthen the hands of the good nuns, and relieve them from some of their pressing liabilities. PASCHAL TIME ENDS. On to-morrow (Sunday) the extended time for receiving the Blessed Sacrament »t Easter endB. In strictly Catholic countries all who neglect this duty are considered outside of the pale of the Church, PRESENTATION TO THE BEV. P. J. AYIIWABD. On Monday afternoon last Father Aylward made his last visit to St. Joseph's Roman Catholic School prior to commencing his duties as collector for ot. Patrick's Cathedral Building Fund. was accompanied by the Rev. J. Heffernan. Father Aylward, addressing the children, called to their minds that daring his pastorate" he had seen the children gradually rising from the infant J^wes to the fifth and Bixth, and that he always felt the greatest interest In their progress. He then advised them to persevere in their studies, and stated that, no matter what business he may have in hand, he will be present at their annual Christmas examinations, - which will be thoroughly exhaustive, when. he hoped to find that they will have made that Bteady progress which he and their teachers had a right to expect, and that they would be worthy of the prizes which would be provided for them. He then proceeded to tell them that the object of his mission is to build a house for God, to whom he begged they would address their prayers for himself and the object of his mission. He then concluded by introducing to them Father Heffernan as the priest who would have pastoral charge during his absence. At this stage one of the school children oame forward and read an address as follows:— To BEV. P. 3. AYLWABD. DEAB FATHEB ATLWABD,—The children of St. Joseph's School desire to express their sinoere regret at your departure front among them, as they feel that -they are all indebted to yon both for their present and future welfare, and are sate that everyone in the parish will lose' a friend in yon. To show their esteem, tbe ohildren beg your aooeptanoe of the'small aooompanyinR gift—small, indeed, in comparison with the friend tbey lose. Although the loss is only for a short time, it seems very lon« to everyone in the parish to be without go dear & friend. The children desire to tell you that it is from themselves alone this small gift comes, and all join in wishing you a safe and obeerful journey through the eoaotry, with success in yonr undertakings, and beg your prayerB on their behalf. Duri-ig the reading of the address, whiuu had been drafted by the reader, the gift mentioned was laid on the table. It consisted of a silver chalice, specially constructed for travelling, inscribed, ''Pray for the Children of St. Joseph's," mi also a presentation pencil case, engraved with the recipient's name, both of which articles, with their cases, were procured from Mr. T. Gaunt's, Bourke-strfeet. The rev. gentleman, who was taken by surprise, and evidently much affected, rose to return thanks. He said that he could not remember ever being moved to tears, not even when leaving his dearly loved home, but the children's beautiful and unexpected present, and the feeling which prompted it, had moved him. He could only heartily thank them ; he would always keep and prize it, and the more so as it was the children's own gift, as was stated in the address. He could not fully express his feelings on the occasion, as they were too full for utterance, and he had been taken by surprise. The rev. gentleman's remarks were repeatedly interrupted by his own emotion, and the repeated sobs of the children who surrounded him, which testified in a more practical way the sorrow they felt at losing their " dear Father Aylward." Father Heffernan, having addressed the children ou the prospects of the school, and his prospective connection with it, the reverend gentlemen retired. THE PAPAL TRIBUTE. It will be seen from his Grace the Archbishop's letter that the annual collection for his Holiness the Pope will take place in the churches and chapels of the city and suburbs to-morrow, the Sunday within the Octave of the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul. Deprived, as the Holy Father now is, of the income which he formerly possessed as a temporal sovereign, he is wholly depeudent on the filial offerings of the Faithful for the maintenance of the dignity of his high and sacred - office, and the support of ,officers and officials who, from former' services, have a'claim upon the Holy See. It is, therefore, to be hoped that on to-morrow everyone will contribute according to their means, and that the collection will be as satisfactorily large as it has been in previous years. THE JESUIT FATHERS. Another Father of the Society of Jesus has arrived in Melbourne. He is. the Rev. Charles Morrogh, who came to Australia about two months ago, but went on to Sydney, and has now oome to stop a while in: this city, prior to his departure for Adelaide. In the latter place Father Morrogh will remain five or six months, after which he will return to Melbourne and settle down here in the house of his Order. SODAUTY OF THE' BLESSED VIBGIN. On the evening of .the Feast of St. Aloysius nine young gentlemen were received into the sodality of the Blessed Yirgih attached to St Patrick^ College. The ceremony took placei'in the college chapel, and the director of the sodality, the Rev. Father Nulty, SJ., officiated. Threeof those received, were old collegians of St. Patrick* 8, four were members of the matriculation class at the college, and two were gentlemen living in Melbourne. An interesting; and instructive discourse was delivered by Father Morrogh, S.J*, an old inember of the sodality elsewhere, who pointed out the various ad vantages-to be ^derived from associations. After the sermon, Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by Father Nnlty. All then repaired to the refectory of the college, where they partook of an excellent supper. A concert subsequently took place, at which some most enjoyable vocal and instrumental music was performed, and some agreeable recitals were well given. The sodality, which is affiliated to the parent house in the Roman College, now numbers about thirty members. In other countries the association includes in its members nobles, senators, professional men, and men of letters. The Melbourne branch is, under the blessing of God and the protection of the Blessed Virgin, its patroness, making encouraging pro- gress. FATHEB BIXIO, S.J. The many friends of the Rev. Father Bixio, an Italian member of the Society of Jesus, who spent about a year in Melbourne, will be glad to learn that he arrived safely at San Francisco. Since his return to the sceneB of his former labours, Father Bixio has given a number of retreats and missions at various places. FATHEB JOYCE, S.J. We - regret to state that no hope is entertained of "the recovery of the Rev. Father Joyce, and that he is sinking rapidly. The suffering religious possesses, of course, all thfi consolations of religion. The Blessed Sacrament- is brought to him every morning, and two three times a week the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass is celebrated in his room. Father Joyce arrived here from India some months ago on his way to Ireland, but he was unable to proceed further than this city, and therefore remained at the house of his Order here. SS. PETER AND PAUL'S DAT. The Feast of SS. Peter and Paul was celebrated on Tuesday last, in the Metropolitan Church, by Solemn High Mass at eleven o'clock. His Grace the Archbishop pontificated ; the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., acted as assistant priest; the Very Rev. Archpriest O'Meara, and the Very Rev. Dean England as deacons at the throne; the Rev. P. J. Aylward and the Rev. W. Kelly, S. J., as deacons of the Mass, and the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy as master of the ceremonies. In the evening Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given. FATHEB WILLIAM KELLY, S.J. The troops of friends of the Rev. William Kelly, S.J., will be rejoiced to learn that he is at present on .a visit to Melbourne. Father Kelly arrived overland from Sydney on Saturday last, and, up to the time we went to press with our country edition, was a guest at the| Palace', Eastern Hill. He was to remain in the colony for about a fortnight, during which time he . would visit Geelong, Ballarat, and Sandhurst. ST. JOHN'S, CLIFTON HILL. The building of the handsome church of St. John's, Clifton Hill, is progressing satisfactorily. On St. John's Day, the first cross upon the church was erected over the principal porch. BULK BULN. (From a Correspondent.) It haB now been definitely arranged that the new Roman Catholic church at Drouin shall be opened on Sunday, 11th July, 1880, when a special sermon will be preached by the Rev. Oliver Daly, S.J. His Grace the Archbishop is expected to be present. The church is not altogether out of debt, but it is confidently expected that, with the collection on the opening day, and a concert at an early date afterwards, the greater portion of it will be wiped off. Mr. and Mrs. Lennon, ; of Drouin, deserve every credit for the great amount of interest they have .taken in the good cause, and I am sure that, had it not been for their exertions, some considerable time would have elapsed before the Catholios could say that they had one of the neatest little churches, both internally and externally, in the district. I cannot refrain from noticing the utmost good feeling that exists in the district between the several denominations, and the help they materially render each other. The Rev. Mr. Sandford, the Episcopalian clergyman for this distriot, lately paid a high compliment to the Roman Catholics. In a sermon he preached at the Church of England, Drouin, on Sunday last, he stated that he found in his travels throughout the district that all the Roman Catholic ohildren possessed a thorough knowledge of the cateohiam of their Church, bnt it was to be regretted that he could not say the same of his own flock. He remarked that the parents were in a great measure to blame, "as he knew the parents of the Catholic children took great pains in inculcating their religion into their ohildren. He exhorted all parents to bring, up their children in a religious manner. (From our Geelong Correspondent.) CONFIRMATION. On Thursday, the 24th ult., his Graoe the Archbishop administered the Sacrament of Confirmation in St. Mary's to 175 boys, 246 girls, and 42 adults, making a total of 463. The ohildren assembled in the schoolroom at half-past nine, and having been formed in processional order, marched into the church and ocoupied the seats reserved for them in the nave. Most of the boys displayed their confirmation medals, and all the girls were gracefully attired in white. At ten o'clock Solemn High Mass was commenced, the Rev. M. P. Carroll officiating as celebrant, tbe Rev. M. Murphy as deacon, 1 and the Rev. G. Byrne (Meredith) as' sub-deacon. His Grace the Archbishop and the Venerable the Archdeacon occupied seats within the sanctuary, and Dean Donaghy (St. Patrick's, Melbourne) officiated as master of ceremonies. Immediately after Mass, his Grace. ascended the high altar, and, having been - vested in full canonicals, delivered an. impressive address to the candidates.- After recalling to their minds the circumstances under which the Holy Ghost descended on the Apostles, and referring to the wondrous works of grace they were thus enabled to perform, his Grace proceeded, in clear and simple language, to point out to the children the disposi- ' tions with which the great Sacrament of Confirmation should be received, and the continual influence it should have on the whole of their after life. Being. by the efficacy of the sacrament made strong and perfect Christians, they should never shrink from the performance of their religious duties, but, on . the contrary, be ever most zealous in obeying the commands of their Holy Church. Having concluded his address, the Archbishop commenced the administration of the sacrament, tbe candidates advancing to the communion rails in , successive files, and retiring in very commendable order. In fact, though the.- church waB filled by the parents and • friends of the children, not the slightest confusion was noticeable throughout the , ceremony. ANOTHER CAMPAIGN. Though a dissolution of Parliament . has been frequently referred to during ' the past few weeks as a more than probable contingency, yet the official, announcement of the fact came upon us like a surprise. It was difficult to realise the sudden death of a Parliament that had been ushered into existence only . a few short months ago. However, the question now is, how best to act under the circumstances. Though detested in the town proper, Mr. Berry's position in the suburbs is BO strong that his reelection may be regarded as a certainty. Then, Mr. Andrews is so personally popular with all parties, that his winning' a seat may be taken for granted. The rejection of Mr. Henry Laws in February was much to be regretted, for he is at sincere advocate of justice to all in the' matter of education ; and, should he' come forward again, the Catholic electors of Geelong are in honour bound to make a determined effort to place him in theseat recently occupied by that neither ornamental nor useful gentleman^ Mr. ' Johnstone. ' ••? PRESENTATION. Last Sunday afternoon, Mr. John Power, who haB been superintendent of St. Bernard's Sunday School, Belmont, : for tbe long period of sixteen years, was presented by the teachers and children with a handsome statue.of the Blessed Virgin, and a complimentary address/ The reoipient, in appropriate terms,, expressed his grateful appreciation of the compliment. 