' "WINTER BUTTER MAKING. Tim DAiny. -_?.'? ? (By Henry Stewart, in Hural New Yorker.) If.the first romiisito for good buttor is the cow, tho aebohd is tho dairy room or house," for it is ueeloes to prooaro good milk, if it is : spoiled, in tho keeping. A dairy room should have an even temperature, and iv the winter may be kc-pt at 45-to 50 degrees. Oho that is . partly underground andbas an apartment over it for chnrning and wa'sbing pans, etc., is preferable, as it will need no artifioial heating by a stove. -1 prefer one' with brick walls, white-washed with lime, plastered overhead," and with n.cement or flagstone floor j that has tho windows above ground and facing tbe ; south andwe?t; tho windows covered with fine wire gauze outside and hinged at the top, so that they may be opened by raising and hooking np the Basil. Tho window being close to the ceiling, ventilates the room com-, pletely. My own aim' in a dairy bonne is a building having a brick barement in a bill side, with ioe-boase in the rear,.having a ohnte on the bank throngh whioh to pnt in ice; and the milk room in tho front, with porch for airing tbo cans and pails. Over the milk room shall be tho churning and wa'BhlD? room, provided with a water heater, and with an elevator for pas?iug oream and butter np and down, and Btairs leading below; also a sink with taps from a tank above. Over the milk room' shall bo a tank supplied from a well, by a windmill overtopping the whole. From tbo tank, water may flow tbrongb a pips into tbe rooms below, for use in washing pans or supplying water in ease the snbmerged-oan system of setting the milk might be nsed at any time. - A sink and drain may also be oarried from tho milk room., The tank will be'high enongb to supply tbe house and tho barn with water through pipes. The coat of the whole I estimate to bo about GOO.iol. for a dairy of 50 oows, and no one oan doubt that it will b? a profitable investment for the maker of oxtra butter. THE CHOBNINO, When I enter this part of my Bubject 1 touch a broad field, over which lio, in per speotivo.tho ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. Tho misery of a butter-maker is the end less variety of churns. Thero uro many good churns, beginning with tho old fashioned up-and-down one, which recalls my boyhood when I waitod for my cup of fresh buttermilk, and oftou waited three honrs; for in those days tho whole milk was churned. Now I can get my butter milk in eight minutes, or less, by tho old kitohon clook, whioh novor varies from year's end to year's end. But it is not from an up-and-down churn, which, although.it makes good butter, is a man and womau killer; it is now from a "rectangular" ohurn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for tho butter not only comes quickly, tut in such an excellent shape, being beut.-n about by "these proper angles, as to greatly facilitate tho washing: and preparing of the buttor. To pimiaulariaa, lut mc recall the ohura iDg oi tbe 7th of January, ISSO, beoaaso this was un eventful ouo, undsetilud iv my mind somo questions whioh woro previously doubt ful to mo. My crossbred threo-yenr-old Jor soy and Ayruhiro oow, Mitida, had boon frueh two weeks, and thi? was tho lira; churning of six days' milk. Too cream —12 quarts oxnolly—was turned into the reotangulur oburn aforesaid, and tho churn and oro∈ were both at a temperature oi G5 degrees. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making 70 lovolntions of tho ohurn per minute, I was surprised to hear the " slap dii?h" of tho bnttermilk, and wub more than Burpripod on opening the churu to Bee so magnificent a sample of batter. The mans of goldou butter wa? iv small grains from tho size of sago grains up to that of buck shot, lying in an irregular mass piled up in the ohurn, with a small quantity of butter milk at the bottom. The butter weighed 10J pounds. Tho tobuU, 101 pounds of butter from 12 quarts of thiok oream, ohnrned in eight minutes, at a tomporature oi 65 I degrees, Bottled some points about whioh questions are frequently asked. This ohntning out ol tho way tho oreani ol two Ayrshire oowe three-year-old, that have been milking 10 months and aro throo in calf—l 4 quarts in alt—waa put in the churn ai a temperature ol GO degrooe. This I oharned three houra patiently without break ing the oream, and was ndviaoil to throw the oroam out as it was one ol thoao uieseos which would never churn. Let us try some worm water. A quart of hot water from the kettle was thrown in, the churn rotated, and in one minuto tho but>er oarno ; the temperature in tho ohurn then was Gi degrees. This ulao Roea Bomo way to settle auothur difficulty in winter dairying, whioh oaosee a great dual of trouble. If buttor oomos nt Ci or 05 degrees in a short tiino, and tails 10 oamo at all at 60 dogrous, this is a valuablo faot to know. Another ohurning of Maida'a cream of 1G quartn, from fovea days' milk, produces M pounds of buttor in 12 minuton at a tempera ture of (jo dogrood, with eeveral stoppages to wfttoh the progrosu, so that eight quarts of ( nearly pure orcuin will make seven pounds of butter. CnUBNS. Tho Tartars tire eaid to do their ohurning by putting tlio milk in a eheop-skin bottle, which they tio to tho trundle and takoabrisk gallop for an hour or two j on roturoing tho butter is mado. This is tho original horse power churn. But its principle is clearly tho Bamo as that of our boat modern churns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vc6sol in which tho content) aro dashed from ono side to another to break up tho butter globules. Tine is tho principle of all tho dashlems churna of which to uiauy of such various shapes wero shown at tho lato International Dairy Fair. Tho peculiar action of thcao churns producus tho buttor in small globules, aa above mentioned, and in this Ehapo tho milk can bo drawn off and tho cold water or brino introduced into the churn, aud tho butter thoroughly washed and uuide ready for immediate packing. Certainly of tho many ehurnn which I havo used, tho " Koetongular" pleases mo tho most, on account of ita very oaey motion, ita ehapo, which is a hollow cube suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite comers, iU freedom from iron gudgeoua penetrating innido as ia usual in dash churua, aud whioh will blacken and foul tbo buitcr, and chiefly on account of tho rase and perlection with which it can bo cleauaod, ita quick churniug, and tho excellent uhupo in which tho butter comes. cotouniNa DHTrnn. My customers aro vorv exacting poople. They objoot to lijjht-oolonrod battor, and, like tho majority of consumers, they jailgo of buttor by tho oyo as well sb by the flavour. Beeontly tl,o New York tfarmeM' Clob " reso luted " that oolonring batter was a fiaud and a praotioo to bo denounoed. Do theeo farmers woHr Ihtiir oa?simores of the nstarnl sb> <ldy colour, or do they ptoftr tb(m dtuu? DiJ thuy otijoot to tho colouring ol oleomargarine when thoy reeolotod over that, and inniet that that fraud should boar its nalnraljtallow colour r Tho faot is, bnttor ie cjloured bueaueo those who buy it trill havo it oolourod to eait their taato; and while oolourod butter will coll tho beat, bo long will buttor bo oolourcd. One teaspoonful of Rood liquid butter colouring in 12 gallons of orotm is needed, oven with Jersey cows, in the winter, and for other cows twloo that quantity will be required to givo a colonr somewhat lighter then that of a gold coin. There is nothing about annatto that ia objectionable, and all tee talk about ita filthy preparation ie simply "boeh" and falao hood. When oolou Iβ used it U but to pat it Into the ohnrn, and I do not find that it hse any IHtfieot whatever even upon the buttormilV, which is a pleasant, who!e?ome article of food when the milk is all tight. ? ' BITTEtt CBBAIt. ? This reminds mc of tbo many complaints cf bitter cream in the winter. . Ibis ie caused invariably, I believe, by something in the food or in tho condition of the oow. Every one know a how prevalent that vile plant, bitter-weed or rag-wet<l (Ambrosia arteia lfl'rololia) ia; and .how moon of it is cat with tiie ee'opnd euttingof the meadows—the mnob prftised-for-batter rowen hay. Thieweod will Sivo to m.Uk, croam, or batter every bitter flavoar, which, no process or dieguieo oan oonoeal. If tnrhipsare ted, I defy any person to eecape bitter cream ODd ill- flavoured bntUr. Tho presance of a heap of tarnipj.on my barn floor the past winter so impregnated the air, although none wero fed, that the milk was porceptibly flivocred by thorn.nuiil they were removed. -Feeding immediately aftor or boforo milking is unavailing. There are cowb which, from some pconliarity of ponditioo, give milk which turns bitter. Suoh cow's ehonld be discarded from a winter dairy as scon as the fault Iβ discovered, for they are not.healthy and their eeoretiona ate riot pare.' The mixture of a pinoh of saltpetre in'a blx quart pan of milk will remove or dlegaise this bitterness, I-cannot a&y; whioh. ' .?' ' HOW BUTTEB MAY BB SPOILED. ? Good batter may bo spoiled in the churn ing. Ovpr-churning ruins tho texture and changes tlio proper vraxinoea to a disagree able, sticky greasiness. This is the more easily doho in with, revolving daehera, .which will press tho butter against tho side of the churn and squeeze and rub it until it is spoiled. Too long churning spoils tho quality by the oxidation of tho butter and the- premature formation of strong-flavoured acids in it, tho full pre serving presence of which wo call rancidity.. It may be spoiled by churning at too high a teinperaturo, by which it is made soft and oily, and of a greasy texture and flavour. No subsequent treatment can remedy this error. It may be apoiled before the cream reaches tho churn by keeping this too long, or what is practically the same, by. keeping it in too warm a place; 50 degrees ia about tho right temperature if cream is kept a week; if it ia kept at C 2 degrees, three days are long enough. White specks are produced in butter by over- churning, or by having the cream too bout. Either of those faults produces curd in the milk, and tho small flakes of this cannot be" washed out of the butter. Milk from a cow in ill health, and that ia acid when drawn, will produce specky butter. So will tho usb of salt containing parliolea oE lime, which unite wilh the butter and form insoluble lime soup. White specks are covered up to a largo extent by using good colouring, which is rua'de of oil as tho solvent. But this usa of a colouring, being to disguise a fault and to add an.undeserved virtue, U worthy of, tho denunciation of evea the Fariuer's.Olul/. . . #- ? .-. ... -.- 