' WadiiQiXL'' AW OLD KBNTISH TOVrN. ?' WAHsinnnt aleng tha east ooaat of the oonnty of Kent, the toarlat who has timo to Bpaie, and who is iaaperrioua to the noisy atttftritau »f the »»ny watering -plaots 4oMed along it, will Bad a quaint little old world town staadlng ia a maishy plain a ltttltt b»ek from the sea, whleh will well repay tha aitlat ?- tha lovet ot antiquity who liageN then ler a day or two. The name ot tha place ia .HaadiCieh. It he has ever hten in Holland, he will thlak ho haa Buddealy Been tmnsperted , there( a« he aeaa the flat lnnd«espe wuiolUng itself before him, with only hero and there a few e*ttle gttushag; and oooaBionally a low red-tiled roof touohed by the bub, making a bit of warm colour in tho midst of tha universal greynesa. Trwlesa— save for ft faw meloaaholy poplars— and dreary enough jt looks, aven in the mellow light of a clear autumnal day, m you spaed along in 'tho train, a mods of loeomotioB whioh seamB strangely out of keeping witk the smno- A flat-bottomed punt, moving larily along a canal woald be the, means of progression to be oxpeoted is this dim ana eolourlcsa seeaexy. Presently you alight at tho little station, where the momentary stir and bustle brings yon baek to the times you live in. , Bat as1 you shoulder your knapsaok, and wander away through tba silent aaa aesertea Btreece in searen oi a hostelry, you feel aa the professor may havo felt iit Haas ABdersen'a story, whon ko draw on the goloshes ef Happiness, aad foand himself suddenly in the Copenhagen . of the middle ages. The s-irit»of tha »lae«— raappoa'inff yon to be at aU, imagiBative— will already begin to iaflnenoa you, and you will probably torn from tba modern inn— though that ia quiet eaough— and hesitate whether you will loeate yourself at the Flmrs deXi$ ot the MtnnaM or tho King's jirmi, whioh attraot you by their over hanging Btories and gables, and the carv ings of grotesque wooden figures whioh support them. Your ohoieo nrado, you will probably be rewarded by eating your supper in a room where the mantel-piece ia composed of (Dutah tiles, re«l Dutch tdloi, brought over by rn»l Datckuiea in tha reifn.of Hlieabeth, and where tho oak oarvinga of the ceiling woald almost do aredit to GibkonB. Tour tea, shonld.you indulge in that modeBt' beverage,' will bo served to you. in a pot of real d«lf; and should you partake of a- glow of toddy before you turn in for the night, you may 'porehanoe have the .spirits brought to yen in a sqaaro bottle whioh bean the date 1741, and the- name of tho thpn Mayor of Sandwich. When you stroll forth, in the morning, your . sketoh-book under your arm, in soaroh of some quaint or dajnty ?' bit' with whiob. to onrioli your canvas, you find that your only diffioulty will be in making ' a good selection from the many piotucas you see around you. . Here a De Hoogb, there a Van der Itotfen, eeera to have left their fratnaij andltakan up thoir. abode in these silent and grass-grown stroets. For Bilent they are; even in these early morning hours, when the stillness ia other towne ie brokeu by the whistle of th« K^rr--- , -?---?—-*-? _— .— k '^-», unirfsa we look bade over oilr. ahoulder, wlien we see heads appearing at door and window, watching the ' stranger' with carious eyes. ' What is there to be seen in the town ?' wo aok onr Uftdlady, as we prepare to sally forth, sksteh-bu6k in hand. ? .'Well, not much, sir,' ih the nusatia factory answer ; ''there is the house, in which Queen Elizabeth slept' [ubiquitous monarch, who Booms to have olept in every town in her kingdom] ; ' and St. Clement's and St. Pater's Churches ; and— and— and I am afraid that is all.' Somewhat discouraged, my companion and I start on a voyage of discovery to look for Queen Elizabeth's house. We have not far to go; it ie but just round the. corner j and procuring tho key from a highly loquacious dame, who is much in eonsed at vour rejection of her proffered company and explanations, we unlock tho door and enter. Nothing to seo 1 Why, it ie worth a journey from town only to spend an hour in the room in which we now find ourselves. A delightful room — all oak earring, dark with age— low' and large ? ' grotesque heads looking- down on us from the ceiling, from tho midst of -wreaths cf flowers and fruits ; panels — sliding panels, perhaps — all round us. An oaken ohimney pieoo with ' a hunting eceao inlaid in different coloured woods, which stand out ?well, even now, from tho nearly black oak; and brass dogs on tho empty hearth. We almost expect to see ' one of the panels disappear, and Bomo proscribed Jaoobito come forth from his place of oonaealment. 'What business have we donizona of the modern -world here F' we ask ourselves as we ascend the stair, treading softly and speaking lew, for fear ot disturbing the ghosts who surely have their abiding-place in the ' dim passages. .Oak-panelled it certainly is aleo, though the hand of aome gottt haa painted it a dirty white. My companion sorapes a bit of the painj; off with her knife, and, as we boo tae brown wood underneath, We give a sympathetic groan over tho vandalism. JBut the desecrated stair loads us into the room'' in whioh Queen BUrxaboth elopt on tonight of the 81st Angust,. 1672, nad/which, fortunately, Bocrilegions . hinds ' have sparod. lt'ia almost the ^counterpart 6t the roo.m below it, axoep/ that the very handsome and elaborately' oarvod ceiHng is of plaster, and tho oMniney and mantel piece carved and fibb inlaid. From tho ?window -we look p-fi. to the river Stour and over the flat ania droary landscape, to where the Eamsgfcfcb cliffs are shining brilliantly in the ^luorning sun. Wo learn from ?Bojn'f History of Sandwioh' that it way in Mr. Manwood's house that Hor Mjjqestiy lay, 'a house wherein King ^ienry VIII. had been lodged ; twice ' before.' XJiegoodburgesBasof tiibwwnaeem, aeoording to the attme authority, to havti provided many amusements for the Queen, and in their loyalty she evidently had great faith; for it 1b specially recorded that,-at'a banquet prepared for her in tha school-house — oonsiBting of one hundred aud uixty diBhes, sorved on a table twenty-eight feet long— ' fhe was very merryo, and did eat ol divers diDhes without any assaj-jo.'' And eho also aooeptod a Bilver-gilt cup well- nigh u onbit high. jNotbing 1& nee I Why, let ua Btroll along Strand-street, bearing a little. to oar left, until we oomo to this same old aohool-houae, whioh was founded by aabaoription, under a promise from Mr. . Manwopd, afterwards Sir Hoger— prob&oly; the name in whose house the Quean slept— to endow it with lands ot Buffloient valno to support' iho building and ^maintain a mkstur. At one time ao Uunbt,' it was a vary fluurwbiag institution; but like everything else around mi, 'it partakes now ot the silence and do*du«as ot the town. Perrnpa it in noliday-time, perhaps the onildiou are away'; bnt ul utl ovwala the building ia hare quaint and tall, with red tiled toot and queer high chimneys, which look as if they might be anugoroua neighbours in a gale ; aud oad ciut-bundinas, ana many poiutod gables, and the diie, 166it, iu relief on the trout iaolug the road nay. We are .told that it fltood near Canterbury Gate ; bnt ttiougb tho Canterbury Hand ia hero, the Gate ib a thing ot tho pant. ? ? * Willie I am peering over the low mil into the grasa-grown court-yard, and moTaUetag over the decay ol all human institutions, my companion la transferring tha old house to her flketoh, book ; and when aha bars finished* I suggest that wei'ibonld try and have a poop at the ^ohuyahei, , wbio'h our, landlady ban mentioned aa being ol the Hone of tho plaae. Wa go first to St. Clement's tho gquere tawer ef whleh la one of the most anaient Saxon buildings in Bnglnud. It la ornamented on each Bide with threo-tiera ot pillars and eirenlur arehea. Boys says that It had formerly ft apiro'md battlements, whieh wara taken down betweca tha years 1670 nnd 1878. The ehurah h baUt princi pally el boaldera mlsea with aandatone Iron Pegwell Bay, with the exception ol tha tower, wkieh la composed ol Normandy, stone The ceiling of the nave is of oak, in panel* like those ia Queea Hliaabtth's home, with ornameata ol flowers and foliage, and angels holding ahlalda. Tha stalls in the ehaneol are also oak, oi vary anoient date, and muoh wormeaten. In the pavement are many grave-stones, originally ornamented, hb we oan see, with figures and oevioes in brass, whioh have beea- removed ; and here and there a lew anaient tiles Still remain. ' The day ia ao clear that my oompaaion, suggests that we should aaaead tha toner and see tho view; which we accordingly do, and are well repaid for oar climb. It stands in the centra ol an almost level plain ; and we cannot help thinking how olten, in aaolent days, the men it Sandwioh must have naeeaded that tower to watch the approach oi an enemy. For the old town ha» been attacked and t»ko«.mauy times, sinoo the'Danes, landing in Kent, first pillaged it, auaOrding to an ancient Saxon Ohroniole, In tha year 651, Sandwfch is not the least important ot the Cinque Ports, und many, a fleet haa saijBd irom it against tbe French, and many a prizo towed into its haven. The town, lying at our feet, looks peaeeful enough how in the mornitig snn ahine, with, tho blue wreaths of smok'o hovering lazily in tho sjbll air over tho pic turesque tiled roofs, whioh vary in colour from yellow* through every shade and tono of red, to the richest brown in thoahadows. Axd the fleet of merohant-vesBela lying windbound in the Downs, speaks to wealth, and commerce and progress, instead of deadly war and tumult. Wonderfully ''hollSndiseh' tho scone looks from this elevation. Tho poplars, the windmills, the universal flatness.— except whore, on the horizon, the Booulvera just catch the sun. The whole, scene' mwsfc hove reminded the Flemings who Battled heroin the reign of Elizuboth, of the home and country lost to them.. When wo xoluetantly descend, tho verger, who seems pleased at the interest we manifest, takes us into the vestry and shown ns a vety auoiout register of uitthu, dBfttbs, and marriages, written on pttxohxaent, and strongly bound. Among the deaths, I find tUe following droll entries ; In 1622— ',Old Mother. Cbilton ; ' and a littlo lower on the- 8»nio pnge, ' Old Widow Woollet.' In 1618— ' Biohard Bftkel-, a very poor man ; ' and— this etrikes ua as unkind— ' Sybil Muzred, a vory anotont maido.' In the same year it is reoordod that ' Mr. Peeke was very solemnly buried.' We wonder if the solemn oeretnonitiB oouoluded with a great jollifica tion, and whether ail the mourners at the funoral went sober to bed ! On the font, as, we come out, we find the Cinque Ports arms and the' lions of England quartered with tho Frenph fleur do lis. . From St. Clement's wfljHP''1 ?^_— ^ vTlT.flmvfri y-is-p m— m^ftr^cu-' iiuiiTmnua Bouueman; who/evidently glad of 'an intel ligent human being to .speak toi accom jianies us into the ohurch, and shows ua some curious old Dutch monuments. From him wo learn that in olden' tim^s the prin cipal supportof the vicar arose from tho tithes of fish brought into the haven. It is to be hoped 'jSiat he does not now dopond upon that, or 1 am afraid his stipend would be but scanty. In the time of tho Romans, no doubt Sandwich was washed by the sea, which 'has now receded fully a mile; leaving between it and the town the low lying miat-wfeatued land, partly marsh, and partly sand, of which I have apoken. The name is evidently the Saxon Sandwio, or town on the sand.. ? It is now high noon ; und ' Btirely,' we aay to each other, ' we shall see some sign of life about the plaae.' But no, it ? looks as silent and deserted as it did at six in the morning ; and it ia difficult to realise that in the days of King Canute it was ono of tbe most important of the English ports. Wo wander into a queer littlo shop, fall of curious old brio-a-brao, ondpiok up, for a more song, Borne rare old Dutch tiles, relics of the Flemish settlers ; and one or two old Mandarin China pltitos, which remind us tl the one of whioh Charlos Lamb speaka, on which the little gentleman ia handing a oup of tea to a lady two miles off; and, joy of joys, a quaint old bottle, dated 1741, like tho one we saw at the inn last night. If only we could carry them away, we would invest in a bewitching set of brass-mounted 'tall- boys,' and— for. here it is— the identical ' old clock on tho stairs' of whicK Long fellow has sung so sweetly. The shopkeeper — though that ia far too modern a word by whiob! to describe him1— and his wife are chatty people, and. -evidently proud1 of tho antiquity of their house,' built, they tell us, early in the seventeenth oentury j and they show us a curious bit of old wall, whioh. eeama to corroborate their Btory. I ask-them what they do in the winter. 'Much the same as in the summer,'' is thotoswor; ''It is equally dull aU tho year round.' ? ? ' / 'Surely,'! say to my companion, as we leave the littlo shop und continue our walk, ' aAy modern ,R^ -Yau NViakle nTrsht 8luLnbor-kereiortwontyyoe.ru, and on wak ing only read the lnpae of time in the silvered hair aud wrinkled oheeks of hia aoutemporaries.' ' We take' onr .way through Delf-atreet, Potter and Knigutrider-Btreotn, Butohery, Salutation— wuat queer jjld names— to the Fisher Gate, the ouly one remaining of tbtt Gates whioh gave egresB from tho town. ' It abnts on the river, and doubtless Iho fisher men landed there with their spoils Irom the sea. It has a pointed aroh, and, is in n tolerable state of preservation. Close to.it Btood the Pillory Gate, and as we look up we Hoe tho word ?? Pillory' written at a street corner, though there is now only a timber yard where the Gate used to stand. Let us liopo that the pillory itself was djOne jaway with, uu being of no farther ubs to tho virtuoai) inhabitants. Going a little further, wo come to the Barbican j but although it bears the anoient name, nothing' of the original etraoturo ia left. If we go through it, and oroasing tha Stour, walk a short way along the Bamagato road, wo .shall oomo to a curious pebbled ridge or bit of Btta-beaou quite inland; - but we have not time to-day, and indeed ure loath to leave the old walla whioh still Bur round tho town. So we take a oirouitous roulo baok to our inn, coming aoroaa many a dainty bit ol old curving, many tt ourioua gabled house with low-arched doorway and diauiond-lattioed wiudowa. ^Oue doorway of oak, whioh, appears to have recently been pioked out, boara the Ciuque Ports ArmB and the duto 1C01 ; and we pass a square aroh- way, it we Inay no epoak, with a carvoil, wooden boain, running along it, through whioh we gut a peep ut a deliolouB maria of quaint ohimntnyu and riohly coloured roof a und piotureequo -gables, among whioh tho warm aundowa -ie dreaming, wnioh, framed by tho undent nroh, make u picture worthy the brush of a Touiers. At length, tired out, wo find ourselves agajn at our comfortable inn ; and waited on by ovv landlady in person, we dawdle ovor, our supper, talking over what wo have seen, nnd looking at one or two sketches wo have made, Our 'hostess ia ia the midat of, an interesting account of some subter ranean paasagoa whioh were wont to bo used by.thd smugglers, when tho Bound (A a, .boll ooraes^borne to ua -through the Bull' ROS0* ' '* * ' ' What iB that V we «*Tcea, ataxUad. - 'That/'-repliea the la,ndladT--,'tb»t.is the curfew.'. ? That old-world sound aaama to nn* in on» ears when wo oloso our eyes in, sleep, ?whioh wo do only to dream that wo are m tike oaJc-pannelled room of Mr. Ifanwood'fl house, ftnd fch»t wo are being prosantaol to Her Oraoioua Majoaty Queen Blwabeth by her Master of the Horso, tho Earl or Leieaater. 