MELBOURNE. 12th June. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) It is pleasant to have one calm, clear day in the week on which one may discuss themes less exciting than politics. While enthusiastic Melbourne shivers in damp boots on the sodden grass which rings the football grounds the political philosopher may smoke the, tranquiliaihg ‘‘Pinafere,” and -think how.blessed a thing,it. .would be if the din o£ parliamentary battle .were, heard, ho.more in the land. Politics fade, from his view, and beqpme as Tisionary and intangible as a Warrnambool ghost story under investigation, and he, 'almost.'deludes himself into the : .belief that, life domestic .is possible without one eternal, breathless, excited, yearning craving for reform. Thus chappy,: thus tranquiliaed to : minor themes, leaps the vagrant mind, and one of the. first things, which suggests itself is the visit.of Alderman Young, .whose princely.' reception in Sydney of our bowling champions is “ in our flowing cups freshly remembered.” This; after noons friendly.game was played at .the Fitzroy rink, at which Alderman Young was suitably entertained,. and it has -been arranged that when the New South: Wales team" pay us their return visit inOotoberof November nest the whole of .the bowling clubs in the colony will unite in giving them a reception'of a character to requite the unusual courtesy, with which our representatives were received .in New.-. South Wales.. In this it is anticipated . Ballarat,, which already, possesses two excellent greens,' and,. Sand* hurst, which has recently set to work with; a will to form, one, will, join. Indeed,. it has been already'arranged that thp-.New South’Wales team shall. spend two or three, days in the former city, playing matches and participating in social: hospitali ties. Such good-fellowship. and• earnest, endeavor.'.to. make hours more cheerful. are worthy of commentiand encouragement. ... .. i Those sports who love- to see . themselves but in the confining harness .of asulky,” with a laudable ambition to ‘‘break.two twelve” or even, to emulate, two forty- seven,., which, even :in America, is good time for a mile, will perhaps like ,to hear that the lovers of trotting here are likely shortly to lay down a trotting course in Elsternwick Park, oh a flat there, of clay with gravel,subsoil, considered most suitable, which is easily approached by road and closely proximate to the Blsternwick railway station. The ground likely to be selected belongs to the‘Board of Land and Works and the Brighton Borough Council in trust, and the use of it , can be readily .obtained,-.as' the cricket club which formerly, held a portion of it as a reserve for recreation purposes is practically defunct; Although this ground does not afford facilities for; watching,the matches equal to Caulfield, it being quite' level, it can be. prepared at one-half the! cost which' would be required to Isy down a rink inside the course': .of the V.A.T.C., or say not much more.than £lOOO in; all; and-of-course the-Bportev.wbo pi\trou ioa-t rot ting: naturally prefer to have a bit of ground,of their own: rather than, have to avail; themselves of the.racingl club’s property, which might not at all times, owing; to the nature of regulations previously, adopted;-bej always obtainable, ~, ; ■ •j,’..; -m i ; , That most gay and shooting, star like astronomer,* Bichard A. Proctor, intends to speak a piece at Sand* I ,burst on the 14th and 15th, Castlsmaine on the 16th,; Eyneton on the 17th, Ballarat .on the 21st.and 22nd, i Ararat . on, the . 23rd, and, Stawell on., the.-24th and; 25tb. .1 would say to,all people.who consider -that 1 nature, in - constructing them did not omit-the : brains, hear.Prootor, -. You. are never likely, to have a better chance of haying science mads easy, and of learning in two -hours what, book lore cannot screw into your minds in. years, -Specially, .too,, let ladies-not >be affrighted, by the appalling.-nature of. the mysteries with whichMr Proctor so glibly, deals, or the , mathe matical millions and billions which he flings about as easily as a juggler does., bis globes, : Tbe calculations will stand the . test of the most critical examination, and the free, easy, delightful flow of Mr, Proctor’s gossip about the. big candles which revolve in space for astronomers to photograph, is based..upon a solid substratum, which few men , of science' can- shake; And particularly take clever children to these lectures; for from them they will unlearn the false teachings-of the celestial geography school books,- and grasp- with surer intuition those secrets of the spheres which; have so long puzzled thinkers and amazed the credulous.-' The best contested football match to-day was: that between the Melbourne and South Melbourne Clubs,: which was played, on, the. Melbourne Cricket' Club’s, ground. The weather was rather cold, and the ground, as has been the case up to.the present time,-was'in;'a" a very soft condition. There were about 5000 spec*' tators present, and if cheering and yelling was any criterion, they, took as.much.interest in. the play as the competitors themselves. . Of course those who backed 'their side were more vociferous , than the uninterested.'Both clubs brought their strongest teams together, and an exciting contest was . the re sult, Melbourne kicked off, but the ball was smartly re turned by the South, whose players at once went in fora fast gams. The play, however, was very oven for some ; time, until the Southerners' got ..first and only goal kicked during the day.' Booth next had a shot for Melbourne, but kicked wide of the mark, and a behind only resulted. . Up .to .half time the, game was in favor of the visitors,- Young especially playing ;a splendid game. At half-time the state of the gams was—South Melbourne, -one goal and two behind!,, one of which was a chance for goal; and Melbourne five bebinds, one of which was the result of Booth’s shot for goal; During the second half Melbourne played up a little better, ' but their kicking, wav, still wide of the mark.' They managed to keep the. ball. well, about the centre, but 1 now and again the South Melbourne - broke through, but ‘ were unable to get up to goal, Melbourne on.the whole-for-thia half had the best'of the game, but luck aqd. loose kicking told against them. . They, however,' scored ten bebinds (four of which were chances,, one a -very easy shot) to' one obtained by South Melbourne. The game thus re-' suited in a win for South Melbourne, by. one goal , and three bebisds,. to fifteen behinds got; .by Melbourne. The South Melbourne goal waa kickedjjy Mjnchin,' who :got"tha~- ball from Vfree'kibk’given to Horan. Melbourne bad five chances altogether, one of which touched-the outside of the post, and another .was. from about twenty yards off. Young played, a .feaUjr grandgame fof South Melbourne, and Thomas,Minchin, Gibson, Kelly, Horan,-and Blatter were all there. For Melbourne Watson; Lamrook, Aitken, Addaihi, the younger. Longden, Booth, and, Power played a good game. . Duriogthe second half some,unpleasant ness’was caused by the actions of Watson and Thomas. It appeared; that Watson, thinking that Thomas was on his mark,'took,the rather rough course.of pushing him off it. Thomas resented this; and lifted qne of fais hands tb strike or push Watson. ' The, latter-says Thomas struck' him, and.after the match’wanted to: give Thomas in charge, of fight him;. Better .counsel,, however,, prevailed, and tHfiparties shook'handstand the. matter ; thus'ended. ,! ‘lt was a ! foolish:-affair, and ought to have endedon the ground/ - 