Turf Notes. By Whalebone, The autumn programmes are beginning to appear by twos and threes, and the Warwick club rather takes the wind out of the Q T.C. sails by choosing May 4 and 5 for its meeting. The programme is, I am sorry to say, less attractive than we have almost a right to expect from a Warwick committee, whose liberality had come to be proverbial in turf circles ; but the heart knoweth its own bitterness, and there are doubtless good and sufficient reasons that we wot not of for the present violent economic seizure ; the contrast, however, between the present programme and those of late years is a marked one. In the autumn of '78 the club gave £605 to be run for; in the spring of the same year the added money was £340, and last autumn the prizes amounted to £600. This year there is a sum of £370 to be run for, all told : £155 on the first day, and £215 on the second. The Sires' Produce Stakes closed with a subscription list of five sires at 5 sovs. each : Brigadier, Epigram, Silver Fox, Laureate, Fireman and Goldsbrough. In January, 1877, Mr. Bell nominated nine mares to Epigram, Mr. F. Morgan one to Epigram, and Mr. J. Williams one to Fireman the other sires being unrepresented, so the take does not promise to give us anything more interesting than the show of a race between a couple of the Orange two-year- olds. The Mares' Produce Stakes, however, has better prospects, having closed as under : Owner. Dam. Coi el ed by Mr. J. R Dines' .. Venetia Haw thorough Mr. J. R Diuca' .. Gazelle Italian Mr. J. Williams' .. First Flight Fireman Mr. J. Finnie's Magnolia Keane Mr. J. Finnie's Mabel Nemo Mr. J. Finnie's Lady Lee N'enbolil Mr. F. Morgan's .. Eugenie Epigram Hon. J. P. Bell's .. Wheatsheaf Epigram Hon. J. P. Bell's .. Caprice Epigram Hon. J. P. Bell's .. Cadeau Epigram Hon. J. P. Bell's .. Logoud Epigram It is not at all unlikely that Mr. Dines may visit us with one, or both, of his two-year-olds, and Mr. Finnie is sure to have a cut in, it be only has the " ghost of a chance." Mr. Williams' nomination, if in the land of the living, should race, with its double strain of Kelpie blood and like Mr. Finnie, Mr. Bell will try to have a say in the matter at the finish. Eugenie could race a little herself in her day, and her youngster may come to the post for aught I know ; more I can- not say. At all events in the above list there are the makings of a race of some interest. In startling contrast to the parsimony of Warwick stands the liberality of Blackall, whose programme for June 30 and July 1 tots up to 520 sovs., and this within six months of the mid- summer meeting, when the metropolis of the Barcoo gave away nearly 400 sovs. I have to thank Mr. J. Monahan, secretary to the Barcoo Racing Club, for a slip programme of the two days' sport. On the first day we have the Maiden Plate of 40 sovs., for horses that have never won an advertised prize at time of entrance. Penalties for winning after entrance (as to date of which the stewards should be more explicit, if they mean to reckon entrances from the time they reach the secretary, and not from the time of closing the stake), a mile and a-half, weight for age ; the Corinthian Cup (value 25 sovs. ), for grass-fed horses (on the Barcoo grass they are said to race as well as horses elsewhere on corn), welter weight for age, a mile and a-quarter ; the Blackall Handicap of 100 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. to second horse, a mile and a-half ; the Town Plate of 50 sovs., a mile and a-half, weight for age and a race for hacks, 10 sovs. added money, a mile. On July 1st the following events will be run A Handicap Steeplechase of 50 sovs., twice round (two miles and six yards, "not to put too fine a point upon it") ; the Sires' Produce Stakes, a race of which, I think, no particulars have been furnished to the Queenslander or to the public, except that it is a sweepstakes of 4 sovs. from starters, with 5 Sovs. from subscribing sires and 20 sovs. added by the B.R.C. (what are the subscribing sires' will our Blackall correspondent tell us? ); the Barcoo Racing Club Handicap of 200 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 5 says. each for second horse winner of Blackall Handicap a penalty of 51.2 miles ; the Members' Cup of 25 sovs. ((given by Mr. B. D. More- head with 15 sovs, added by the club, a mile and three-quarters, weight for age and the Members' Welter Handicap of 20 sovs., a mile and a-quarter. Nominations, with 2 tons, for the " century and 3 sovs. for the 200 sovs. handicaps, not later than May 11 ; weights, June 1 ; acceptances, with balance of entry, £3 and £7 respectively, June 28. Sweepstakes at scale, I presume. General entries (5 per cent, on prize), June 29. Q.T.C. rules. Qualification, £2 2?. Coming " inside," but still a long way from Brisbane, we find the new Burnett District Turf Club advertising its winter meeting for June 10 and 11. The programe is a great improvement on that of previous years, the added money being 255 Boys. as against 170 boys. in 79, and 150 8000\. in '7S. Each day has six races for decision. The secession of so good a sportsman is Mr. G. Porter from the Barcoo turf is to be regretted ; but the disposal of his stud will distribute some good horses among Western racing men. Mr. J. Monahan advertises in the Ji'esiint Champion that he has for private sale Marathon, four years, a bay gelding by Teddington (son of New Warrior and Io) out of Mabb Kyogle by Kyogle, &c.; ; Culloden, a gray gelding, four years, by Grandmaster (imp ), his dam Nellie Grey, by Newington The Don, a bay gelding, six years old, and winner of fourteen races out of sixteen starts, got by The Don (son of Cossack and Jenny Lind by Ether imp.), dam Stockings, Ly Wanderer (and).) from a Bushy mare ; Lady Bird, by Mark Tapley Juanita, winner of five races ; Equator, by Sailor and the well-known per- former Darkie 6 a two-year-old filly, Maritana, by Carcase and the following brood mares : Maggie Lauder, by Corcobo-Crinoline (Mr. R. R033' mare by Cossack 2), with foal at foot, by and in foal to Blair Athol (the son of Kingston?) ; Brown Bess, bred by Mr. R. Dines, with foal by Blair Athol and in foal to him; and Slyboots, by Ionian out of Slyboots, in foal to Blair Athol and with a foal by him. There is good blood here, verified by good performance. Mark Tapley, sire of Lady Bird (winner of the Charleville Cup last year is an own brother to Sunlight and Janitor, Judges and Japan, and half-brother to one of Messrs. Barnes and Smith's Captivator two-year-olds engaged in our Q.T.C. Produce Stakes next May. Marathon is a well-performed colt, having won the Aramac Trial Stakes for two and three year olds, and the Barcoo Racing Club Handicap of 200 Sovs., beating Recovery, Coronation, Whisker (by Lord of the Hills), Safeguard, and Chance ; and Culloden, though unlucky at three years old, was a game honest colt, and at four years won the Maiden Plate and the Handicap at Muttaburra-of whose meeting we have received no report, by-the-way. I have received a letter from " A Country Subscriber" enquiring "whether the N.A. J.C. (Ipswich) Sires' Produce Stakes has fallen through?" . . . he " nominated two sires for that race in December last (enclosing the necessary promissory notes), posting the nominations in ample time to reach the secretary by the advertised date of clobiug-namely, January 1, 1830\. It is now March." he adds, "and the names of the subscribing sires have not been published, nor have I had any acknowledgment from the secretary of receipt of nominations ;" and he concludes by saying that he " wants his promissory-notes back if the race has fallen through." I can only refer "A Country Subscriber to Mr. D. T. Keogh, secretary N.A J. Club, Ipswich, who will doubtless be able to give good reasons for not publishing the names of the subscribers. Rockhampton races are fixed for July 8 and 9 (I have not been favored with a copy of the programme and the Maryborough meeting will, I hear, follow Rockhampton as last year, Gympie, it is to be hoped, will clash with neither. Ipswich makes no sign at present, nor have Dalby and Toowoomba come out with their winter programme yet. Caspian's St. Leger victory at Flemington flatly contradicts his previous form, which has not been above second-class in public, though it now seems as if there was some truth in those private trials before the Derby, reports of which made him first favorite at the post for that race in November last. Still the running is inexpli- cable on the data to hand. In my next I shall briefly review the racing during this meeting. The Blackall Shea' Produce Stakes (noted above), I learn from the Western Champion, is year .'.,,, . 1 'min. "au arrears one established to take the place of the Trial Stakes until the Produce Stakes of 1882 materia ' Sires must be nominated on or before April Fool Day, and their produce (now two-years-old may order up to June 23 The North Gregory (late " Nea or Never') Jockey Club issues the following programme for May 5 and 6 -A Maiden Hurdle Race of 20 sets, a mile and a half , a Maiden Plate of 30 sons, a mile and a half, Town Plate of 30 sons, a mile and a half, weight for age, Corinthian Cup of 30 Sovs, welter weight for age a mile and a half (a rather monotonous this), the Flying Handicap of 20 Sovs , six furlongs and a Huny Sonny of 5 sons Second day North Gregory Handicap Steeplechase of 10 sovs, two miles ; North Gregory y " Lodge (sic), a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with a cup, value 20 sovs, given by Mr. A Gordon, for two year olds, one mile, weight for age, North Gregory Turf Club Handicap of 75 sons , 2 miles , Stockman s Purse of 15 says, a mile and a quarter , a Selling Race of 10 sons and a Hack Race of 10 sovs Nominations for the N G T 0 Handicap and Steeplechase e, with 1 Bov, part of our ance money, by Apt ii Fool Day , weights, April 21), acceptances,- (?) Night of general entry, May 3 Entrance, 7½ percent on added money - At a sale of blood stock at Maryborough four Vietlieiou colts were submitted to auction by Mr T Bryant Gii s. "camp be Shears by The Rate Zoe 25 Moorlal elie Jjeirs by 1 ennuin (imp D Zoe 00 Pacha, be, four j oats, by Pharos Circassian, and Rascal, be four years, by The Rake Zoe, were passed in Although 00 guineas is below Moorine! I value, the price is not unsatisfactory, considering the state of the market for thorough bred stock, and it goes to show that well-bred, well cared for, and good looking youngsters can be sold, even in such an indifferent community as Marlborough, at a price that pays the breeder for an expenditure of money, time, and trouble Moorlad is the first of the Penman yet sold, and I am told his purchased, Mr E Booker, intends to run him for his engagements it Marlborough and Rockhampton before sending him up to Chf ton Mr Brooker s station, near Marlborough 