TOPICS. OUR colony boasts of a comic ras;" with prcnt. pretensions to " clevcrnlity." as Tanimas IJudkin pills it. It is otvnc;! .-iiid edited wc lxilieve by .1 person named Frank Skeftiwiton Canol. who hails, if the names dues not libel him. from Tippii-ajy. Cnrr.ill is a jmlixfird srhohrr, and never indulge? in slang, but extinguishes his opponents with Nireasm of the politest kind. His comicalities are toned to perfection, and the most refined and sensitive natures find nothing in his -'rag" to rfiock them. He i« n thorough master of the '-Queens Hinglish" and a profound Latin scholar. This ilistiuguislicd litfrrntn/r has discovered that we are habituated to the tisc of •• ideous Hinglish," and proceeds to lecture us upon the misapplication of the word nntiriptifrU in a paragraph referring to the protracted abscnce of Mr. Ernest Giles" party. We record our gratification for the interest lie has manifested in oureducatioiia] advancement, and especially so for the cheap lesson he has given us in* Latin. We are sorry, however, that we arc compelled to stick to our old tcxt-b x>k, and cannot therefore participate in tlic benefits derivable from a knowledge of Canoll's implored Latin. Careful research among the tliousnndaud-ouc leaves of some antiquated lexicon could only have resulted in the information grn+uitously dished up for our special delectation. We are tcld that: " Antiripntr is from two Latin words—nntr. before, and to Jake : viJtfirrt. to tnko beforehand, to ' make sure of,' " Our paternal Government should not lose sight of such a brilliant scholar, but should duly recojrnise his acquirements, and Jirtd him a snug billet iu the educational department — KIT pupil teacher in a country school, where, furnished with one of the text-books in use, and under the strict supervision of a head master, he would l>e free to mould "the plastic mind of youth,'' but not after his own fashion. Sketfiiipton! you have mistakcu your vocation : lietnke yourself to some rural retreat furnished with a shilling Xuttall. and cogitate until you have mastered the intricacies of the "old tongue." In the meantime will some fourth-form boy correct the rrri/ trirtiijg errors Into which this compiler of stale jokes and cribbed funnvisms has fallen. AS some interest ha* been manifested with rcj-pcct to tlic movemonts of Mr. Giles" exploring party, the following extracts from a letter written from Mount Eba bv Mr. Alex. Miickav. jun. (one of the party), to his father. Mr A. Mackay. -1.1'.. of this' town, will be read with pleasure. It is dated Mount Lba. November 21. and says:—It is just three months since we left hero and returned again, and we have had some hard times of it out west. I will tell you a little about jr. We left here on the 22nd August, and got about J i milca to a lake called Mary, very tired. We had to walk the next dav to a hill named Walla by ng. about the same distance, through very sandy country and thick scrub : next day to Mount Eba* Hill. We went on toji and had a good look round. I put my name ou a tin and left it 011 the hill Our next day was to a place called Pern ltock-hole; nothing but great lakes and sandhills. Mr. Giles and Mr. Francis left me hero for iivt i]a>s w] (ilp they went round and explored the country. I found it rather lonesome, but saw nothingiii the shape of niggers. Our next place was to the Warburton R-.mgcs. We came across a .small rock-hole, camped for the night, all tired, and still walking. Our next to a rock-hole'named ivonkahy, where wo found ;t gixid iwpplv of water. We hat} twij days : sjje]l hpfc. The next raiiip was at some verv high rocks named Cooladdie. where we discovered only small hole, about .Ml gallons. We then went 011 to a large block of country belonging to l'ricc Mauricc, wliieb we had to inpcct and report on : it took us IS days to go over. We then came back to Konkaby, and bad four days" spell, and got ready for the west—a country which very near cost our livoa. ami o)je J hope I shall never see again The third day ^f our spell hprp happened 10 l:c 111V birthday fOctoJx'r so made a quoiidong pii for dinner, and Messrs. Giles and Frances ate and drank mv health hot (tea and pie). The fifth day wc star led. bv that time having eaten a good deal of our rations. We were all able to ride, whteh was a great help to us. We got 011 tivo days firstrate, jio Mr. !ijlc« said, but on the sixth day our 1 rials had' e'urjed. Ij gof very cloudy, and he was not able to get a star. " We still went 011 iu hojje.s, but no He then said, •• It is of 110 use going further, because we cannot find the water without I can get the starr:.'' jfa rnr.w of a vcrv Iarjrc rock-hole named \\\ yijbriijg. ho ooujh-ca jt from where wp were, and distant about ".Hi"rnilc-s. l>y this tijijc wc bait run out of meat : only flour MID very !UU(» «va|or, \VT> hud Jo IK; very careful. We jmtniryed on f or another five days. Our camel* wore in 11 dreadful state, looking miserable and refusing to cat. However, on the fifth day Mr. Giles told us able to get stars our only hopes were to try and gc" K«ukaby. « distauvc of about J 20 miles, which we knew to he a hopc-li'** JM.SC for us. as it was quiet impossible for thr; pnmejs to g ;); the snub being so c thick and the jsu^hiilj &g; hi^h. T H walk was out of the question, atjd if wc got there wc were then 90 mile* from any place wlierc a wc could get anything to eat. However, that very night the sky was quite clear, ami t Mr. Giles was able to get a star, and as near t as he could guess he thought we were only 15 t miles south of the rock-hole, which made 11s g a little brighter. We started with the t wretched camels at 4 o'clock in the morning, n and reached the water in about seven miles ; t and didn't the camels drink—I am sure a alwut CO gallons a piece. We than La.4 four ci days' epell, and started agalu west, We came across wild blacks. Thev seemed to lie friendly enough, but wc kept them at a distauec. They gave us any amount, of pheasants' eggs, wallabies, guanos. „vc.. to cat. which wc roasted 011 the coals, and seemed quite a treat. We gave tliem damper in return, but not much, as we had only 30 lbs. left. Wc parted with the blacks at a place called Takardy, and then steered our couise for Mount Eba Station. I was, indeed, glad when wc got back, -.ttul were the rest. Our next journey is nortli-wcsf. How far we are going I don't know, nor how loner." WE are pleased to find that our advocacy of increased police protection has borne fruit, and that an additional member of the force is to l>c stationed here. The appointment of water police is to receive attention and we trust that our requirements in this particular will be met at an early date. The growing importance of the place is a sufficient reason why this request should be granted, especially as out ports of less importance are supplied with an officer of this kind. All that is rerequired to ensure attcnlion to our wants is united action ou ihe part o£ the citizens, and we sincerely hope that past experience will prove sufficiently strong to induce greater interest being manifested in public matters. Nothing will be wanted on our part to ensure a just recognition of our importance nnd requirements, and all we ask is the hearty support and co-operation of the populace. Dr. Markham reports that during the month of November 28 patients wens admitted to the Hospital, and 12 were discharged. There were no deaths. Typhoid has made its appearance in our district, and there arc now four cases of a pronounced type in the Hospital. Captain J. A. Fcrgusson, D.A.A.G., inpeeted the members of the local corps on Monday hist. There was a fair muster, and the men were put through various evolution;;. The inspecting officer complimented the men upon their general appearance and the excellent condition in which he found their arms aud accoutrements. Several slight defects in drill were pointed out. and regularattend.-ncc at parade advised. A successful concert in aid of the Catholic Church funds was held iu the Institute Hnll. on Tuesday evening last, when several of outpopular local amateurs rendered valuable assistance. There was a fair house, and the financial result satisfactory. The construction of footpaths in Churchstreet has Ijeen carried 011 during the past week, aud the limestone rubble used must show how suitable it is for the purpose. The Council has adopted a wise course in watering the newly laid rubble, and already the footpaths are as firm as if they had been" constructed for years. Mr. Stewart, with a survey party, left Glad stone on Monday to take a flying "survey of a line of railway from l'ort Gcrmein eastward. It is expected that they will find a route to ilie neighbourhood of Melrose shorter than the Gorge-road. An accidcut occurred at Port Gcrnteiti on Saturday night. As Master Walter Mortcss was returning home, the night lieing very dark, he drove over a stump near Mr. Virgo's house and eapsized the trap, but fortunately no injury was done. Master Mortcss and Miss Cook were the only occupants, and escaped with a slight shaking. George Hutson and Daniel Dyer were mulcted in the sum of os. each at the Police Court Port Augusta on Thnrsjday for drunkeness. Wc arc pleased to hear that Mr. T. F. Wiglcy Solicitor, who met with such a serious accident whilst riding in the Adelaide steeplechase some two months ago, has so far recovered as to resume his professional duties in this town. Mr. Wiglcy although but the ghost of his former self, is looking much stronger than might reasonably be cxjicctcd. A Blinmnn correspondent writing 011 the 30tli November says:—A lire occurred in Mr. K. Whitcbread's kitchen last eveniug about K o'clock, whereby property of the estimated value of .4-50 was destroyed. The coroner after consulting the police docs not consider an inquest necessary. The boy horsestealer has not yet beeu captured. Trooper McKeth has gone in pursuit of him. The horse has been recovered, sk aliro u puxloiucd watch and chaih. The weather during the past week has been terrifically hot and disagreeably du.-ty. Last night, however, a pleasant change sci in. The wind blew a perfect gale, accompanied by a very acceptable fall of rain. Gentle showers fell throughout the early morning,and the aspect continues thrcatcnin " Wc regret to .state thnt typhoid fever has made its appearance in our districts. There are now four cases under treatment at our local Hospital, and only a few days since a young lady nineteen years of age .succumbed to the attack of this virulent type of fever. The Hallctt aud Tcrowie and Jamestown and Yongala Railways will be opened for traffic by His Excellency the Governor, on the 14th iustaut. The fire reel stationed at the Waterworks in this town was taken out during the week under the direction of Mr. Hullett and tested. The result was fairly satisfactory. With the ½ and ¾-inch nozzle a strong stream of water was thrown over the highest chimney top at the Flinders Hotel, whilst the inch nozzle projected the water about even with the wall plate of the building. The force of water from the comparatively small mains was not sufficient to send the water higher. It is satisfactory to know, however, in cases of fire, that we have the apparatus for extinguishing the conflagration. The former feeling of insecurity in this respect will lie neutralized, especially when the improved reel belonging to the Corporation arrives. This, we understand, may be expected before Christmas time. We understand, should a fire break out, the members of the local Rifle Comnany have consented to be in attendance in uniform for the purpose of maintaining order. Spccial attention is called to the price-Iits of the ltodanow Manufacturing Co.. of Boston, published iu these columns. AH those wishing to secure an psfccHent and correct J-imekeejjer arc recommended to address themselves to this old and reliable firm. No further evidence of the invariable g* «l (uality of their manafactures will l»e required beyond the following facts : The firm was established in J8*!», and since then have gainod prigc mcilijs at the Exhibitions of lAindon, Paris, Vicuna, etc., for excellence of manufacture. They are ap|tainted, by warrant. watchmakers to the Queen of L'n-rland, Prince of Wales, the Emperor of Russia and the Bey of Tunis. A serious fight, in which waddie« wore freely used, took place at Ij.ura on Tuesday afternoon amongst aboriginals, whilst under the intluciice of drink. Two of the combatants were arrested by Trooper Gleesoii. Tbc name of the party who supplied them with liquor—three bottles of brnndv—is known to the policy who are searching for him. • 1 - . • At the inquest on the body of the late Mr. H. W. Whitten, held nt Laura on Tuesday! the Jury returned a verdict that he committed uicide by taking laudn.ium. They added a rider censuring the landloi-d of the Somerset Hotel aud his wife for not having ascertained the condition of dcccaspd. Ou Monday, November 2!>, Mr. E. Cook M.P. for Flinders', accomjjanied bv Mr. Henning, M.P., waited upon the Hon.* G. c. Hawker, the Commissioner of Public Works, to enquire when the promised road from Blinman to thp new railway jvould he taken in hand. l'atten^n, CIS.. Was also in attendance. Tlic Commissioner, having called for the progress reports, found that the works were (sufficiently advanced to jieimit the surveyor to go wiui his statf to Pnrachilna. The Commissioner consequently undertook to issue orders to ljegin the work at once. Mr. Henning. who had just been to Blinman. thought the proposed route would meet with general appnjvaj, hut that the railway station was too far south, aud would entail extra artage. Mr. Cpoke said that he had recently rcceivod information from London that the Uliiiinaif Jljn jrr.in lieforc long, and jf sq this' road would be required for hnavy traffic, With regard o the railway station, ho suggested that in he past it was a right policy to deeldo that he road after emerging from the hill:-should o iu a south-westerly direction, to enable eams to make towards Port Augusta ; but ow it would be better to cross the plain to he nearest point of the railway in as direct line as possible. The Commissioner conurred, and swid ho woipd give the injccssa^uetructions.—•JltgittcK' The rejwrt of the Select Committee on the Totalizator Bill has been brought lK'fore the Victorian Parliament,and it recommcnds that the totalizator shall be tried, as likely 1<. lessen the evils of betting, especially credit betting, and reduce the number of small liookniakcrs. Tiic cups presented to the Australian Eleven in ICngland by colonists, and on which their names are engraved, were pounced upon by tlic Customs authorities at Melbourne and duty to the amount of £21 Ifis. was demanded. The* matter was brought before the House, snil the Minister has promised to have the money refunded. The infanticide ease at Hamilton has been furthcrpostponedtill Monday. It is prob.tble that I.illic Uced will be discharged. Seymour. Swan, and Maker have covered most of the distance iu the Victorian pedestrian tournament. William F. D.illiuiore, who was found under a lady's bed at a house iu Hawthorn, disclaimed any intention to commit any crime, but said he had been drinking, was seutcnccd to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. Frederick Barker, a publican at Coonamble. New South Wales, has shot his wife, and afterwards put an end to himself by the same means. A new navigable river is said to have been discovered lfi miles north of Cooktown. The fiorato enquiry is proceeding, and voluminous evidence has been taken. 