CELEBRITIES AT HOME. MR. DION BOUCICAULT AT QUEEN ANNE'S MANSIONS. ' Then Nina will go to the theatre with papa ;' and the fpeaker twines her arm round papa's neck, and lays her pretty face against, his closely-shaven cheek, 'And Nina will go on in the Wake scene,' oontinuss the graceful sir!, now at that happy ago at which the Bprightly beauty of tho child has not yet madejj way for the more sedate elegance of young-ladyhood. Nino is the youngest of three daughters, all three of whom were till this moment working diligently at some plain- gewing, — lint fonoy work, but straightforward plain sailing apparently over several miles of material. Of the two remaining daughters of Mr Dion Boucicault, one is Mrs Calthrnp, whote fair-haired boy has mado off with grandpapa's hat and cane, and the other is Fatrice — Miss Boucicault — who have just determined to go the Opera to-night, on opportunity for going to the theatre with papa at once seized by Nina, for whom the stuge has the same mogic glamor as for the little folks 'in front.' As tha bahy-b.)> in the onpital old Irish story was taken to tho duel and hold up in his nnrso's arms ' to see papa fight,' so was little Nina taken to see papa act, without the faintest idea (if foster- ing a desire for aoting in ber youthful mind ; but the profession appears to have invincible attractions for her, all the same. The centre of tho family group is a man of middle height, very neatiy and compactly built, lithe and active, a young man with bis hat nn, a middle-aged one with it off. He wears a blue yachting suit and a broad white falling cellar, with a breast-pin hearing tho device, 'Fay ca qua voudra?,' with a jaunty air, and bnrdly fulfils the ideal of a dramatic author who made a great bit in IS 11 with Lon don Assurance, and invented Dazzle nnd Lady Gay Spanker. To tho present generation of playgoers tho famous cast of Mr Diou Bcuoi. couit's first comedy represents little but names. They have, it is true, seen the lata Mr Mathews and Mr Anderson, but only in their d-.cadence, and the Mr Farren they knnw is the son of tho oiiginal Sir Haroouri Courtly ; Mra Nisbett and Madame Yestris are among the traditions of the stage. Beginning as a dramntio author before he was legally of age, Mr Bnueicnult was bo youthful and piistio that he permitted the distinguished company who p rformed bis first comedy to play eo many tricks with it that it has gone down to history as 'the actors' play, par excellence. At tho moment of its production tbe additions and excisions sug- guested by the actors appeared to be in con sonance with the puhlie taste of the time ; hut tbia verdict haB hardly baon endorsed by suc ceeding generations, each of which take less heed of Mr Boucicault's juvenile per formance. Since he wrote London Assurance be has produced many ex cellent stage p'ays, nnd moreover has become himself an actor. He waa burning to act in his first play ; but influences were brought to bear upon him which he found difficult to resist, aud it was not till eleven years later that he mode his debut at the Princess's Theatre, under Mr. Charles Kean's management, in the Vampire. This piece was a re-adapt»tion of the . old French melodrama already twice adapted by tbe late Mr. Plancbe, once as a nlayand once as an opera, and medium of introduction of the celebrated 'Vampire trap." As produced nt the Princess's it was something more than sensational. It frightened the audience, or nt least part of it, out of ito wits. It is curious that such an excellent writer of bright dialogue as Mr Boncioanit Bhould be equally celebrated for bis knowledge of thB mechanical requirements of tho stage. Tb'e.Bkill whieh subsequently produced the greatest scenes In tho Oolleen Bawn and Arraftna-Pogue was Bhown in the adaptation of the" Corsiean Brothers, played ot the Princess's Theatre. Mr Boucioault not only mnde tbe best adaptation of this remarkable play — the same that is about to be pro duced at the Lyceum Theatre by Mr Irving — but superintended the making of too machinery by aid of whioh tha ghost of tbe dead Del Franobi glides ascend- ingly across tbe stage to marrow-freezlng musio. Stage carpenters have lost the tradi. tion of this toiling bit of stage management, and Mr. Boucicault has to teach those af the Lyceum Theatre over again. As nn author Mr Boucicault has proved at once bo fertile and various that tho compass of an ordinary article would be required to enumerato the pieces he has written, translated, and adapted. His knowledge of Btnge requirements is enormons ; and fond as he is — like most porsons ondowed with the faculty of writing — of putting good dialogue wherever there is room for it, he never lots a lovo of talkoe-tslkee interfere with dramntio effeot. Like some other dis- tinguislied dramatists he takes time over his plots, and writes carefully up tq bis groat Bcenes. On those be relies, and spareB nsitbor time nor pains in their elaboration. Tbe less important matter is brightened by wit, humor, and an infusion of poetry ; but it is on bis great effects that Mr Boucicault deponda, nnd it is on those that ho ponders while smok ing cigars of portontuus length and formidable calibre. Perhaps, however, he is soon most com pletely in his element on the stage— not alone as an actor, but as author, manager, stage- managor, and prompter as well. He is, nt rehearsal, absolute monarch of all ho surveys. His oompany cannot pooh-pooh his views, for he is an actor ; tbey cannot make many BiiggeBtions to an author who can aot evory part in the piece they are rehearsing ; they cannot rebel against the all- power- ' fnl manager. It Is not merely force majeure that they -would be obliged to contend against, but superior knowledge of the matter on hand, The oarpebters and property-men are equally likely to bo told any detail of their business. They are told whether a bookcase is to be ' profile' or ' made-up,' what is to be on the top of it, and eo forth ; and if there is to be a railway station scene, must be prepared to see all their atagy make-believes put 'on one side, and real propertiOB inaiated upon. At a first rehearsal all this detail is gone into in tbe most exhaustive manner. Thoro is a par- ticular spot on whioh the table and the chairs muBt stand ; and as the first lady enters Bhe is told exactly what she is to do, where to walk, sit, or ' display.' The meaning of every line and every situation is fully explained. , ' Not there,' the author will say ; ' don't you understand she is in thero ?' Then oomes a stamp of the foot, and ' Do listen 1 Don't blunder by knocking your bead against words without thinking.' A few minutes later an actor, who ought to know better, speaks his words first and makes the , appropriate gesture afterwards, Mr Bouoicault is down upon him directly. 'Please to recollect this ; On the stage your pantomime must al ways precede your words; for the simple re-aeon that the eye is (pricker than the ear,' Then oomes a more serioae piece of work The firat lady is'to be instructed in her part. She is clever, but young, and appears to require muoh, 'Now, dear' (the technical 'dear' always u-ed at rehearsal), ' yon come in at this door, display, and then etnnding on this obair looking at the pioture of a man in a wig which will bang here. Let the train of your gown fall down to the ground. Very well. Now you display; and when you tako the ohair — not so close, please — you sprawl slightly to wards bim.' The notor comes a great deal too OluEe to the young lady. 'No, no, Farther off; and edge towards her by degrees as she en- " courages you.' Then to the lady: 'Now tor thut bit of gush. Id this kind of tone. And keep yonr eyes up to tho ohandeller. Don't forget your eyes on the' chandelier, Net at first. Not like that. But at tho words "O, that voicel" your eyes must go up to the chandelier and remain fixed.' Next comes an aotor who repeats something in a monotonous tone. 'No, no; that is a quotation from Addison. You must give it thus. Please recollect this dialogue is epigrammatic, and muat be given with some point and effect.' Five minutes later it is ' Now, dear, tbis is a moat difficult bit of acting. You are supposed to be imitat ing the learned counsel to bis own face. Tais is bow you should push back an imaginary wig and hitch up an imaginary gown. Look bare ; like this.' And so on, hour after hour, rehearsing bit by bit over and over again, till lookers on wonder at the vivacity and physieal strength which onrty Mr Boucioault through BUch a morning's work. Rehearsal, however, of a now piece, nnd the regular duty of playing Conn in tho Shnugh- rnun at night, by no meano make up the author- nctor-inanager's working day. When tbe long weary rehearsal is over tnere is nn author to he grappled with. This gentleman is coming to read bis now play in tbe afternoon, and mast be courteously listened to at least. There are letters, too, to be answered from innumerable aspirants for dramatic fame, who are oonvinced that what tbey lack is not genius, talent, industry, or training, but a part written expressly for them by Mr Boucicault. This long- suffering gentleman is told at least twice a day that it is his fault that genius (nandicapped by a widowed mothor, paralysed except as to appetite) is suffered to languish among the tares, while a plot of good ground laid out by him wonld restore to affluence a suffering family, whose sole dependence is on the genius of Mies Montressor St. Yvon, who o rosy— too artificially rosy— lips refuse to pro nounce an h in the right place. Moreover, there !b a heap of letters from 1 tbe other side' to answer, nnd alittle to be done between whiles to the great Irish drama that we are to look for this autumn. Mr Boucioault i3 of the opinion, not uncommon among dramatists, that he has this time hit upon a genuine original high-class drama, with situations which ehnll throw even the Oolleen Bawn and Arrnh-na-Pogue into the shade, Ireland is to be shown to us from a new point of view, nnd Irish character in au entirely new light. There is, it seems, an Irish analogue of Grandst and Hnrpagon, the acquisitive Gelt, eager to found a family and see honor shed upon ills firstborn. It is this proud, ambitions, hungry Celt that we are to shake hands with in the place of Myles-na-Coppnleen, Coon,_ and Shaun the Post. Mr Boucicuilt is to produce a Dew Irishman, wbuse character he has studied for four years past. The new play, Inohnvogue, has advanced so far that two magnificent scenes are made sure of, oue of which will nssuredly add to the al ready high reputation of its author. As If the multifarious occupations of author, aotor, and manager were not sufficient Mr Boucioault writes letters to the New York newapapere. He is, in fact, an active, energetic, restless American, albeit he is only an adopted citizen of the United States. — World. 