GHEAP GAS. In these days of fresh discoveries and new iuvmtlone, it is little wonder that the praoti- cabilicyof reducing the cost of gas and simpli fying its manufacture should have attracted the thought of the ingenious. Without in any way depreciating the efforts made under exist ing systems to supply our cities and towna with gas light, we are not insensible to the circumstance that we are to a large extent at tho meroy of a monopoly, aud the Blaves of a necessity. Any -invention therefore which should relieve ns from thiB unpleasant and unsatisfactory position could not fail to be hailed as a great public benefit, and we are glad that in some measure there is promise that such a discovery has been made, A week or so ago a paragraph appeared in , the daily papere announcing that two Sydney mechanics, named Oaslim and Crockford, had invented a simple method for the manufacture of gas ; and it was then stated that a discovery in the same direction had been made by Melbourne engineer. We do not know whether there is any similarity in the two ; bnt we are enabled to place before our readers a brief des cription of the invention of which Mr Gaslim, of Sydney, is the patentee. It will be oeen that it IB of the simplest description, and although it may not appjar that it is suscep tible of such development as would enable it to compete successfully with the means now need for gas Bupply, it is so far satisfactory that it tends to show that the manufacture and supply : of gas may probably be rendered far less , expensive than is the case at present, The patentee of theBystem now under notice has given very substantial proof of the praotloal character of his joint discovery by using the . gas at his own residence, and In his own shop. And it is stated by the'reporter of the Sydney Evening Nems that the light produced Is quite eqnal, if not superior to that supplied by the local company, The inventors claim that, among other- advantages, the patent involves far lees consumption of gas than under the ordinary conditions; the exhaustion ' of 2000 oubic feet of air gas produced by his procetB being equal to 5000 cublo feet of the usual coal gas, ; The < material used Is called gasoline, ! whioh in Sydney may be prooured \- from tho Kerosene Shale Company for three i shillings per gallon, Mr Crookford, however, - states that in San Francisco and some of the Eastern States it is supplied to consumers at tenpence and one shining pel gallon ; and ' there would seem to be no reason why the cost 1 may not be considerably' lessened in these colonics, The process of manufacture is ex- : ceedingly simple. The, apparatus used by the inventor consists of two small gasometers connected by an indiarnbber tube, In one of ; these a quantity of the gasoline is placed, oxy- ! gen being supplied to each gasometer by means ' of an ordinary bouse bellows. This is applied ; to a tube, which runs into each motor, and whioh is perforated at the ends, The gasometers being thus filled with air, this is 1 Converted into gas by contact and assimilation with the gasoline, A pipe is attached to tha gasometer whioh docs not contain gasoline,' and through this the gaB generated in the other meter is oonduoted to the burner in the usual 1 manner, the burner being similar to that used lu he consumption of ordinary gas, It will bo Been that the dlsoovery is of importance, and tbntwhether its adaptation to the requirements of a large city is practicable or not, it is evi dently eminently suitable for the supply of cheap light to remote country towns and villages, as well as to those habitations whioh are beyond the supply which is enjoyed by large centres of population. Wo shall bo glad to learn whether our looal inventor has made, any dlsoovery equal or superior to that whiah we have described. It is certain that if any such discovery should prove to be workable on a largo soslo, a certain fortune awaits the author. The following are the doliverios of .wheat flour and other produce at ths Spencer street station of the Ylotorian railways for the week ending 1st May : — Wheat, 190G bag3 ; flour, 8339 bags ; oats, 5762 bags ; peas, 948\. bags; bran and pollard, 2061 bags; barley, G39 bagB ; onions, 203 bags ; tur nips, 12 'bags ; preesed hay, 29 bales; chafT. 9210 bags ; total, 29,229 bags, and balos. The attention of Mr Gillies waB called by a deputation on Wednesday to the want of ac commodation at the Geelong station. Under bis instructions Mr Hlginbotham has reported on tho matter that the sum required for the proposed works will be between L4000 and L5000. A number of the unemployed, some fifty in all, waited at tho Public Works department to- day, but not as a deputation, the men mostly coining to seek work or railway passes. Work was freely glven to men who appeared to need It and ininstanccswbere it waB alegitlmateoise of necessity. So many attempts at imposition have, however, been made, that applloauts are closely questioned and great caution obsecved. Mr Bent lias, in accordance with a request, in timated to the newly- constituted Working Men's Union that he will receive a'deputation from that body on Wednesday next at three p.m. i The adjrurned certificate application in the estateof Josoph Aarons was continued at the It solvency Court to-day, before his Honor, Judge Noel. The whole of the morning was 1 occupied with the speech of Mr Wisewould on behalf of tho trustee, who cited the objections to the granting of the certificate, which con sisted of insolvent stating, at the time of the building ot the Academy of Muria and Arcade, ho was possessed of L16,000,\ because, he had sold tho Bose of Denmark gold mine for L25.000, L16.000 of which was his share, when it mas in reality mortgaged to the Colonial Bankj and, as appeared in erideuoe, worthless. He had carried on bis business on borrowed monoy, and continued to borrow money to a large amount when he knew that he waB ina state, of insolvency. He bad stated that his furnl- turs was not wortb more than L300, in order that be might be allowed to retain it yet it had been valued at L900 by an expert, whose judgment _ was not an error, because insolvent it himself for L1000. Insolvent had entered Into an agreement with the Melbourne Gas Com- pany to receive from them L150 a year, ou condition of allowing that company to supply tho Arcade and Academy of Music with gas. This item he had attempted to oonceal, and spoke to Mr Scott, .the sooretary of the com pany, on the subject. The leasing of the Academy of Mnsio to Mr Wells, at present in Adelaide, the insertion in insolvent's schedule of the renewal of the lease of the theatre commencing in the year 190G, and several other items in connection with the business transac- - tions of insolvent were commented upon by Mr Wisewould, who sought to show that Insol vent had been guilty of culpable acts in con nection with the filing of his schedule. The arguments were proceeding when The Hebald went to press. At the District Court this morning, a cab man nnmrd James O'Neill was summoned for leaving his horse and cab unattended on Friday last. Mr Fisher, for the defence, urged that the oabmaa had only left his ob for a minute In order to carry a parcel for a lady passenger of his ou board 'the Geelong steamer. He had also left another passenger, a man named Baker, In charge of the horse. This man was produced, and swore that be had told the oonatable that he was watching the horse and cart. The bench, in dismissing'the case, said it ought uot to have been brought into court, and that they rather thought it was tha duty of the oabmen . to carry the parcel for the lady passenger when rrquested to do so, Dr Lloyd, J.P., who for the last sixteen years has filled, through election, the office of ohairman of the Hotham Bench, and whose decisions have generally been regarded as just and impartial, will retire from the offiee at the end of the current month, business ar rangements necessitating this oqurse. It is not yet known who will be elected as a saa- cesser, alLhough it is needless to say that the names of several gentlemen havebeen men tioned. Dr Lloyd first commenoed his mu nicipal life In 1859, having been one of the first members of the Hotham Council. Dr Fitzgerold appeared in the City Court thle morning to prosecute Thomas Beall, cab- man, for assault. This man hod given the doctor a severe blow from behind between the shoul ders, apparently for no other reason than bs- cause ot some spite at the doctor's not tra velling by hie cab. Dr Fitzgerald then wielded hlB umbrs'la in retaliation for the assanlt, and defendant threatened to smash it and filag it in the gutter. Defendant informed the bench .that the supposed assault was a mistake. He only went to tap the doctor cn the shoulder, when be Btumbled, and thus mode the blow, without intention. The bench, however, fined him L3, or a month's imprison ment. A young aud good-looking woman named Munro being before the City Bench to-day for dmnkenness, Inspector Montfort made a state- ment regarding her, in applying for a romand for seven days for medical treatment. He said she led an evil life, with intervals of good . behavior, bnt herirregularities were in no way justified because she had independent means, nnd her hnBband was a doctor in Brisbane, She waB muoh addicted to drink, and unless placed in confinement be believed she would be soon in a state of delirinm tremens. Mr Turner, for the defence, said that the 1 prisoner had a good home to go to. The bench remanded ber for a week. It is gratifying to find that yachting is | coming to the fore, and that the defeat of the Secret by our local built May Qneou has caused considerable satisfaction. The next . race between these yachts is occasioning great interest. The Secret is undergoing a complete . overhaul, mast, sails and rigging are being re- novated, removed and Improved upon, while the May Queen is of course not left with her broken bowsprit, which has been repaired since the acoident to her, The latter will meet her opponent at tho odds of about 3 to 2 in ber favor, which were the odds in favor of the' Seoretin the former match, We are informed that the owner of the May Queen has re covered the dingy which he had to cut adrift during the gsle which Btruek her, and that the boat is but slightly Injured., The. anchor and cable whioh she had to slip will it is expsoted be recovered to-day., Should the May Queen again score a win, it is ; broadly stated that she will reoeive a challenge ; from the crack Sydney yacht Magio, and no ; doubt the spirited owner will accept euoh a challenge, if Bailed in Fort Phillip, It is always gratifying to record acts of kind- ness, aud wefeeisomewhat pleased to place before our readers the following ' The , Colliugwood State schools were attended by a number of youngsters, who were at the suggestion of.their teaoher desirous of getting up a drum and fife' band. Bring aware that the cost of instra-i ments would be large, the master applied to MrR, ET. White, the boot manufacturer, who had a dram and sfe band oonneoted with his; tootefy at one time, In order to purebaee or borrow the instruments when to toe astonish-; ment of master and pupils Mi White in the; mostgeneronB mannertoldthem he would make; them a present of the lot, and considering sncb a! number of instruments -would cobI little short of £25, such a gift was a most generous nndun-i expected one. A most amusing incident occurred on Fri-| day at about ten o'clook in Collins street.; Three rather refractory oows were being! driven along the atreet, -and when near the London Chartered Bank one of the number, evidently in searoh of her ealf, took it into hei bend to make a rush up the steps of the London! Chartered Bank, and in the passage of that bank hor ladyship took her position until; forcibly ejeoted. The animal then made a: rush into the less commodious establishment of Mi MiramB, where the ejection of. b'er cowBhip was not so easily managed, for tbe: sizo of the place did not enable the animal to' turn herself, and the result was most amusing, Finally, by the aid of brooms and other suoh like weapons, the office was rid of this un welcome and unusual visitor. Though there were only three cases to be heard at the police court, Footsoray, thia morning, it was some half hour after the ap-. pointed time for opening the court before the jnstieoB of the peace could be got to attend, 'This led to muoh inoonvenienoe and loss! of time to the professional gentlemen in attendance, of whom thore were four ; also an inepeotor of police, and a number of the fores, together with reporters, Ultimately a case of unlawful assault hod to bs gone into, with one magistrate presiding. The same delay ' has frequently occurred at the same court lately. At the Fltzroy Court this morning a young man named Francis Darrah was presented on a oharge of embezzling throe Bums of 5s 9d, 5s 2d, ana 5s5d, the moneys of his. master, Mr Monahan, butcher, by whom he had been ssnt to aolleot them. Three witnesses deposed to having paid the sums to the prisoner, whioh, bis employer said, had never been ncoountedfor. The book kept by Monahan was produced by him, but the sums alleged to have been ap propriated by tho prisoner were rot entered therein. Mr Kane, who appeared for the defence, urged that the faot tbattho entries had not been made was no proof that that the moneys had not been handed to Monahan, as posBibly he had forgotten to record their re- oeipt. The prosecutor stated that after the court hod risen on the previous court day ths prisoner begged him fo compromise the ' matter by offering to pay the whole of the money he was s»id to have appropriated in instalments of 7s Gi weekly. The bench thought the ease one for a jury, and committed Darrah for trial, bail bring allowed. A correspondent, of the Geelong Advertiser ' writes : — The latest freak of a party of Mo- hawks who are earning unenviable notoriety is thus described : Attended by a person who, having held high official positions in this and a neighboring colony, wa9 not generally suspected to be a luuatic, they, with two other kindred spirits, ascended the Macedon range with the unliable intention of shaving tho Camel's Hump. For this purpose thOy took with them a charge of dynamite, but as this failed to produce the oimical effects intended, they proceeded to skim the cream of the joke by building a nice brushwood fire around the beacon of Trigonometrical Survey there . reefed, which is, of course, enoased at its base in stone to secure its substantiality. This succeeded better, and after a while a glorious fire was raised, the result being that the logs of the beacon were bnrned, so that it is now useless and will require to be ro-srected. In a day or two I shall toll you something more of this, but is it not astonishing what a charming sense of humor some magnates share with larrikins ? The Ballarat Courier Bays:— On Friday even-, ing several of the police were" had" very nicely at the circus with an old trick. While the performance was going on a man apparently very drunk staggered at the public entrance and entered tho ring. The aenior- oonstable immediately beckoned to one of his subordi-q nates, and the man wassaruifed in the orthdox Btyle and taken out. The police were probably about to start for tho lockup, when one of circus company came up, hoped he would be excused, but that was one of the performers, and he was only shamming drunk. Tha police let the man go very quickly, tried to laugh at the joke, and assured the onlookers that they knew all about it. At the People's Theatre the funny men of the Mammoth Minstrels had a good Innings on Saturday night. Their new programme was one of the best they have presented, and the applause and laughter were long and loud. These very clever and versatile artistB deserve a visit, and the visitor will have but one source of regret, and that Is, that olosing-up time comes only too soon. Great preparations are being made for the production of Pomp by a new company, and the piece is being rehearsed with very great care, The cast will inolnde some well-known names, and no amount of trouble will be spared to render the piece a deolded success, Pomp will be played on Saturday night next- Professor Pepper's ghosts increase in number and novelty each night, and the peculiar and puzzling effects he produoea seem to be warmly appreciated by his audiences. The number of visitors who "know how it's done" were com-, pletely puzzled on Saturday night, and the professor was warmly received. The musical selections with which the lecture abounds are by no means the least attractive portion of the entertainment. 