JOHN GEAHAJT8 FUJST CAUSE. Br Hklik W. Fiibsoi, a tbb ' Dust.' ' Waxw I .I'm glad I'm not a dootor,' uld John Oraban aa he Utteged to the bowUog *f the wind, whloh teemed te ahakt with ImpaUMit faanda the door and windows ot fab fring HttU ffilce, 'or else I- m(ght be atlltd -a um« wblmsleal flee ltdy in tbit atorm- Now I unjust tit by the fira tad look over my tpeeoo. I ot tha tamulBg op.' He walkni to the window first, bowatw, andgltaxd to tbe ehlajngitnet aad the forlorn wayftnrf, with, thalr dripping umbnUss, who hurried by through tha driving rain and sleet. It somehow en faenoed his own oomlort to «ee other people aomlteraUe. All theitnrtluajiateemadto be winking and blinking, aa if trying to 'that their eye* egalnet the atorm. And the lighted window at the gtooer't comet loomed spent of tbe sheets of rate like the unsafe sisntUl febrio ol a dreun. TheyouBg lawyer did not notlm a. own without an umbrella who stood still ondt?r th* nln and ttarcd up at the house. He had taken a comfortable seat bef on the fire, a»d «&« taming over various napen with an ?btorbed look. To-morrow was a gremt and-imnorUnt dty with mm. He leu u If all hit life ,w«s staked on tho turning of that boor *hen he should make his first Important speech. He htd poured Into it ill the aloquenea ol which his nature waa carubln. It waa his first chuoe btlor* the pobllo— an opportunity for which be had sighed and pined for In ambitious drrams, ?bent which he had dstpalnd In restless pt'n. H« eonld hate thanked God for the murder wbloh hid brought the happy ohinu ot suooess to him. . For months he had been a prey to devouring cravings for terns and ears that bis time would never oome. He had chafed within those four wells at a wild beast in a e»ge ; but now 1 He looked onr his pipers again. Hew clear tbe reasoning ; how convincing tbe ohtla ol evidence. He wm thoroughly bonvlnocd, in his o»n mind, that Bsrtrand wat Railty, »nd hit words carried convlotlon with them. They were is a death-warrant. He wat tangulse abont tbe issue for himself, yet with lew and trembling. He scarcely gave a thought to the fact tbtt his tneoeit meant Bmrand's dektb. He wu to -bsorbed that be did not hetr at first a stealthy movement »t his door, but it was followed by a loir knock. The burly fallow who entered did not look as If he could have knocked ao softly. He was the same man who htd stood no sheltered, gating up at the bouse. John Graham, aotntlng some saw work, b-de him, affably, 'good-evening,' and offend a ehtir. But the maa stood there, with little ?tnima ol water trickling from his hair and the slouched hat wbioh he held In his hand ? a comical figure, like some great clumsy water-gcj Just from hit dtmp abode. ' I tln't a subject to tit down In any gentleman's office, I ain't,' he said, with a ((ruff voice, which sounded at it the dampness isd (tot into It. . . -? JUytber moist night, mistsr.' John hawed, and. atld, ' Vnj uncomfort able in tbe street, certainly.' Tbe man looked about a moment, as If he expected to find in tbe room some help .to opening the snbjwt rotund. Then suddenly t eyes rested on the roll of psper which John held! ' Speech, an the great cue, maybe '' Jobnnoaded.1. **!. f - ' Well, its about that I come In. Tbtt fellow Bertrand aln'l guilt;.' John had decided that he wu, and he made known tbe same to his visitor. 'Now, I Ain't no acquaintance whatever witb the prisoner, and can't be prejudiced, do yon seer I follow the water.' John smiled at tbe idea that \l be followed the water be had oanght it tblt lime. There was quite a pool about him on tbo neat study-floor. 11 As I said, Fm a capting of a anug little craft, and I've only been on shore a day or two— long enongh to bear 'bout Ibe oase — and I'm bound on along voyage to-morrow, but as it happens, I know aomethink about it, and, Bays I, 'Find put the lawyer, tnd toll what you know.' Bat'— -musing a little — ' el you're tbe lawyer agin Bertrand, perhaps Fd ought to go to tbe t'other aide,' ' Ob, it's all the same,' answered John. 11 Evidence that Is worth anything will not be suppressed.' 'I could wish it took down In black and white,' said the man, 'and I take my affldavy, and sign the same. I'm a poor scholar, or I'd a dons' it myaelf.' John took a sheet ol psper, rather im patiently, and looked at his unwelcome visitor. ' On the list oralse of the Beluy Jane,' began the stringer, with en Important air— 11 Bstaey Jane is my wife.' ' Ah, well, on the ltst cruise of your wife,' said John, beginning to write. 'Stop I Betiey Jane't my host, called alter my wife. 'Twas a moonlight night, jut three months ago, tbe 28th ol October— the werry night of the murder. Slng'lar, now, that we arrova tbfct werty nlgbt. There's aa overruling Providence, sir— you'd better believe it.' . John made no answer. He began to fear It— to think that 'the bestUldpltnsof mice and men gang aft egley'— to see the repu tation which be b»o built up Into such a fair structure topple like ? house ot cards. 'Beotuse else why did It happen on that ?very identical night t Z forgot my money -tlt. I ne'er done such a thing ilnoe I was ,oipttng. When w» was a-nearin' the shore I took off rny sea clothes, nsturslly, and left my belt. Well, there's no thlevia' at tea, but when a vessel is in port, and the wharf Tits about, It's different. Betsy. Jane had a' f«w friende telebretin' my arrival, you tee, and at twelve o'clock, when w» was a bnsUn' ' up, I mined my belt. ? Betsy .Jane,1 atz I, 'I can't sleep without gettln' It;' and ahe was as onaasy as 1 war. Bemember, sir, 'twas that dlentlul night.' ? And he pauUd, as if to collect himtelf . ' As Fviheerttht story of the murder,' he went on, thoughtfully, * this young m»n Sertrand owed Hslnlae some moner, aod they had bird words often over it, and some one swore be wa» teen gotn' into Halptna't at ten o'clock, and no one knows when he cams ont; and a note was foond on Bsrtrand when lie was arrested InvlUn'oI him rpnnd on thsfwery dlentlcal night' John Grahsm nodded as he listened to this, odd version of the evidence he had made so dear..',- '? ' . . 'Ana, one .o'clock, a student, as roomed next Htlplnf, an' was cut late, eeeln' a light, n his r-jorn, went In, ah' saw the unfortonate , man a-»lt»riu' In his gore.' ; ? The 'l»WJ'«'''eH compelled again, to assent, to the rafeVuqulpIag planes. . ,«A-welt«rln'4n his gore,' Repeated fst burly captain, as If h«_etjoyeH tte eloquent foUofthc- orde.. ' Wall, to.go^bwk, I'd, #. liHJi,ai.tlln- with Hsiplne «uoii. ,H« Unt. inefeoney Oncet.onmy J?d»y Jon*,'' ;*n3fl wldohBstiy, Jane7'.^aqa$jrM^iibnfj ^♦^Jsnd preptriiig to en.ter,.:the' aoswpr! , ^Shiver toy timbers I' sntwerea.iOis msn, ImpatleoUrV'' There ain't none of this here, evBe»pt;aSoto-l«»stW»ji, a mta'a llle or dsaft^iaojoka to me/whatever it msy be toypu.lawyers. I 'mean, having borrowed money«tHslpln»,Intturally looked at his ofHee.sk I jwiast,' 11 was just half-past twelve, for I heard 4he clock a-sttildo' the hill -hoarjjoo t saw ainanooitto' out .of Htlplne'saoor.' ? ? '?' 'Wellf'- . 'Amauwttppedlaadotk— t Ulllsllow. I taw hit face fall one minute before he taw roe; then he turned tooamt, aid tool to a aide etreet. Sow, mark my words. Tbit men wu atz foot high, aad be had fair hair, and white skin itke a woman's, and blue eyas. Bertnnd Is dark and short. ' What do jou make of that J' 'I have takes it all down,' answered John Orahani, in alard Tdee. BWhr not atay yourself and give In this e«id«noe J' 'I WMn't wishln' for to etay, ct ao be at ye eoald -to without ma,' ht atid, aajdoaaly i ' bnt *f It's Important for an innocent man's life— don't ye think as It's down in blsck and wbite, aud I makes my aBerdivy— ' 'Oh, yes; I think this wUl be sufficient,' answered John, thoughtfully. ' Htve you toMtbU to anyone cite r' ' Only to Sit» Jan, sir.' ' Ah I to Betsy ?ane,*nd she to herfrlwdt, ?' WriSl ju»- told h'ir a»-f wWa-AarkW' here, and I reckon she ain't a-rotmln round in this inclement weather a-rcpeatln' otlt'— with intf n-e aarostm. ? ' Tea ere gbicg to leave htr for three years f' ' Ko ; she'a a-goln this time.' John Onham drew a long hretth. ' ThMsk yon,' ht atld ; ' think you very mash, my mso, for the eletr way in which you bave-glvan la this evidence. Itls,atyoa toppoM, quite Important. It would be bstttr to.apeak ol It to no one else, snd to csution your wife also, otherwise yon might be detained and held u wltne.s, thus oonting you and your admirable wile grwt iuoon venleBce. You may now sign your atme.' The good fellow advanced la all good faith and wrote, quite legibly, in a tome wbat tprawllng band, ' Thomu Browse.' Then he set hit wet slouchtd hat on hit hea* and bade tha lawyer good evening. John Graham sat for a long tine, turlng st the piper and Its scrawling slxnttare as U it bad beta a ghost. It might htv* stood for the ghost of a vanlshxd hope to him. Tbe Utters of the good man'r «eme seamed ta duict over the paper like bltok lmpt from bflL He could not sit still. The room was no longer comfortahle. He pseed upland downitnttlettly. The tsoe ot tilths world htd ehsnged for him la an hour. Rime, fortune, and love had beckoned him. He bad hoped te gain all In gaining tbi* case ; and Bow tbt speeoh, with its enthutlum, its convincing loglo, was eo mueh watte piper to bt thrown into tha fire. ? ' Oddly enough, he never thought ot the man whoae life nod death it coaotrtod. He thought only of hlmailf end of one other, for be wu madly in love. The whole Htlplne lamlly were crying out lor vengeance) and hia love wu a ooutln te tbe murdered msn. He hoped to win Maud Halplne when be won hit ctuta, to no. wonder ha hud poured the eloquence of hit soul into it. And it wu only tht beginning of his otreer. He took up the piece of ptpsr with the mtn'a evidenoe ca it. It wu only a piece ot pantr, psrithable, yet it bald his fate. It waa a terrible thug to etand there alone, at night, and hold one'a fata in one'a bands. No one knew ol it yet. All the erldence agalbtt Bsrtrand had been conclusive till Ana, alter all, wrist was tut r it pointed at on one. It wae vigue, indsflnlte. Who knew that this burly ie»-«ipUln had not bam 'too convivial among Lats»y Jine's frissds. How oould ft 'be 'known 'thil ha bad not seen Imperfeotly wli6n h« met the bloade-halred stmuger coming out of Hat pine's office 7 Why disturb the hsrmony of a perfect ohtln of evidence with tbe vagaries ol an unknown mau I So whispered a subtle voice to John Graham's Inmost soul. Would lie nob be a fool to throw away his obsnea in HI* for .a drunken man's drum I He had twen courteous enough to Uke It down ; tbst wts enough. And the man wu gone for three ycaral Three years I What might not happen in three years f He might have achieved fame and forlune in that time. He might have won Maud Halpine and bare tatted life'a sweetest joys, if only Ibis bit of paper bad no existence. This hlotled all out. Tblt game between him and all the eauehlne on the landscape of his life. He twisted the paper uneasily in his fingers. It seemed to burn like fire. How quickly would it retlly burn— If— . Well, some men would speedily finish it. There wasBpepcer,now,bewonldnotbeiqaetmisb. And, after all, a man matt not lose every obanoe for an over-fastidious Integrity. How many won fortune by a few prosperous slips irom honour's open way I He had alwaya despised those men. bat sow be bad a fellow feeling for them. He had never been tried and tempted as they, or he might have fallen as tbey had done. How much easier now to burn that papsr than to straggle for yean with adverse fste 1 to feel ever alter that there had bean a tide in the affairs ol his lite which, If taken at the flood, would htve lad to fortune ! ; He could not lose all to lightly i he would not I Another moment the flam«t;had select tbe slip of ptper, leaping tongues ol fire htd curled about it and licked it up. A little blaak tinder whirled np tbe chimney like an evil spirit, and all was gone. All bnt memory 1 Memory, that sweetest ol Mends tc the innocent, that worst ot devils to aoourge the guilty, It eat by John .Gratum'a pillow that night, aud would not let him als»p. But he made his ipeech the next day, and. bis termed, restUst.atate lent more .fire and fever to it. He had stolen .down W the wharves, In -the ..morning early, tnd had. aaaured himself that the Bfttj/JaM wu«on» ( to thtt.wM finished up-finished I He bti heard somewhat*, ha had reaaVin a diluted book, of ' the tins thifcfellow us.' Hia sin Jollowed Mm to the courtroom, ; where * breathless *rowd, bong .upon ? bia; words j( where ,tls ^eloquence: hushed and iw»yad...th»t,;gre«.«uuM,,*nJ.,b« mouldsd' their oplnloui*twill| far this nun had not mistaken tbe power .that -jwatiin. htm. H» had «h» nal fire of genius. :. He w»s eloquent . nt rflear and loglod. If anr-had.-loubtac Berteand'a guilt before, /they -doubted no longer, , Tiejnsle m«nt»rs «t the H»lpine Jfanuly almost broka) ont into andlble -sheers which would have *een mnhesomlng their erief. :. ? ? ? ' - ? *^« ? 1= ? 3 . _.11M^'. UMIa bmb*. -lla4««Mil.-HB' . oman, * hwh *.«.«v ??????, '?. .mbh.. to bisdettb-wimatjandgnrw Uvid at death, 'I feel the rope alnady around my neok»!- he o«W, In a choking whisper to bis counssl f 'y»thaforc.Ood,Iamlnnocsnt.J^ ' How^oorand weak iaeamedthe words rit the ooonsel,xor -the dctanos ^compared *? this. The jury did not need to oonfsr long on auch en «ident mttUr. The judge had? jammed np wry brleSy. ? Why, cveryoaa htd dtetdal. 1 Tbe mind ofUw pubUo mt» rumoitt^ihat UsT-»Pg»ri«*»»« proatrajpd bythsjre^ful iafWr.jsaSicy *ad iwt bsrt- matrW.Jwg. -.^anjto amonty ^fcad keen, borrows! feona Ha\pUN)l'tor «be lanrl*Uiia-- |%e motlvsiortli* m|MteWM4iU()oiad«S{ ht to sat possession jof; .this Wli,, that %U pgnttTdettnared.: ^hebUl had «-ot beau louBi .among .Hhc murd^ered.inan's . «tMBv:, That.wu a 4amnlngi|act,, So wjhan the iamUe wordt were ?proopunoed, when th» foremaJijOt the jury( had ^iven utterance to* thetarrors ot the Jaw, at*od up In his plate and praaooBced the sratene*. ?? Ht thtll be hanged by hia seek till Jie it dead, aad may tha ford have miter on hU touL' poor Btrtrtttd gupad, 'I hope Ht will hkVt mercy, for there ia eo mercy hen.' And all around John Onham was a perfect ovation. Tha curious ?saroely looked to tea tha prisoner pits out with weak etaps, or aotad whether his ftee wu bknehed with f«w or srhvUier he bore blmwll bnvrir. The; looked rather at tin listng mtn, who bid apallbonnd them with fats aloqaeaee. The Halpiaaa, eapectally, crowded about blm, shook hands, tbauked him witb affusion, ktuid's father wss there. That wu tha sweetest drop In this delirious draught Bhe would htar. ? Strange— «uob la the weakneu ot onr ntlBM— that among that act of faese all retdy to amlle cu him, John Orthaa atamal to tea another that waa not thsre— ? ghastly, ?allow fue, wlti the life crushed mt of A wt«h tbVigooy oli«.tk alrwdycweprag*** lt-Bertruid's face, at be liad csurtt slkbt of It while maklaf; fals speech. It fallowed him to tha very home of tha girl he loved, for her f atiiar took him homa to dinner ; and h» never lost a1«ht of It, wsa wh«a ha oiught tbe gleam of her pile-gold hair or beaked In tha aumurtweetMssol hat act. ' Uutarly alequenci, sir I axelaimed Mr. . Hsiplne, over hit (lets of pile sherry, »t dinner. ' That did lor lbs rttctl. Every member ot oar faulty It under cbllgatton to you; and It I evtr cm do anything to advance yonr Interest!— ' ' Ob, papa, don't Ulk ol that awlut ttinl nowl' cioliltned M-ad, with a ahmlicr. ' Such a horrible thing I I don't aee why it should have happened la onr ttmlly.' M.ud waa a little illly-jutt a little silly now tnd then— but then the wu bnutlfulu a white rose in tb* lunllgbt. And Jobs Graham «»t there, drlnUng In the ' cop ota oostly death, brimmed with delirious draughts of warmest Ufe,' u he sipped her f Hunt's pale sherry. But when bs retobed home and tha glamour wu gone, aad he ut . cnos more la the little office where tbe stringer bad vlitted him the night before, he felt thtt he cat there a haunted min ; that ho could ntv*r moro lift hit hind eeroaely In tha sunshine as Wore without the ahadow ot acmethiog on tha palm— Bertrand'a blood I Could even Msud's lily-white hand, Uld In his, for ever wuh out that tonl spot f There wu time yet— Mow to oovsr himself with tbams and dishonour! but time to ?natch biok. tha doomed life from the j»wt »I death. John Grahtm thought of It. Tor full five mtgutet ho pictured the toanei— hit cou lestloD, the acorn and contempt ot those who had liuded him to-day— the ruin of bis strear. Unt the mn'a llle I Ah, the ram's Ilia 1 Bib. ! What would his own llle be worth itterwarde f He shrank awiy witb au awful Bowardloe from the step be wuoontomplatlog. No; it wu too lit* I Yet be did not fsel that It wu Indeed too late till the day of execution otme. Ha t fit that he had lived agea till that hour. He etw a new wrinkle in hit face, u If the atraagc agony hid wrlttenlta autograph there. And, looking In the mirror that mornlnr, ha seamed to discern* new and furtive expreet lion in hia eyes, u If 'be wold look no man boldly in the fact agtin. , AU that Jar be walked the streets in feverish unrest. 'Ha heard 'the Ilextna' cried at evening, with an aooount of the execution and Bertrand'a lut words. ? Ber trand'a iut wordt I How well he knew wbitthey wuetbel Wed, it was over, than. There was mo going back now ; no room for repnntinw, though be sought it with tcsrs. He ton awiy his thoughts, with a great wrench, Irom the arsaUlog tub)ect, and he began to think of Hind and tale future. Even in those few weeks ha had felt that fame wae throat upon blm, his oireer wu open to him. Clients hid flocked to him. Hit futnre wu aaiureu, if only Hind tullcA on him, ' I tty,' exclaimed a-famlUir voice at bla ahoslder 'I've just ctliad at your oflloe, and here, by good luck, you are.' 'Well, Spencer, atld Gnhtm, codjIbk out of bia brown study slowly, and looking at his fellow-lawyer u through* mitt. ' Oome, wake up, eld fellow. This is an exciting day for you to go to Bleep over. There's your fellow Bsrtrand excused, and «n engagement announced of mother friend of yours.' Graham had araroely brought bis thoughts buk from their wandering when ha heard theee words: ?'Yes; old Haiplne bat tnide a good thing ol It. Bsra Colllna is worth half a million. To be tore Maud'e a besoty.' ' What are you mandering about t' Graham exclaimed, aavsgely. ??Why, Haud Ualpue'a engagement,' exclaimed Spenoer. 'ItVbeen anaounotd for a dsjr or two. What I have you beat awett In that quarter t Voot fallow I Come, I'm going to the theatre to-night. Nothing like a roaring farce to dispel grim melan choly.' But' Graham excused himself, and went home Instead. Be bid walked all day ; be bad eaten nothing, and he wu too weak to walk farther. ? The evening paper, a haunt. ing ghost, wu thrust under hit door. Ha trodonltatbe went in. Of course it con talsad fall partlculirs ot the execution. Hand Halplne lost to blm t Thla girl, for whom he bad loaded himself with sin given to another) For be felt now tall .the ala bad indeed been committal for her etse— to win fame aad fortune, that he might win her. He tat down weakly in hia chair. Ahi-ifbe could have known before ha hid sold bis birthright of honour and Integrity forinisa ot pottage. ? Now ht aawhli napes 'and .?dreams shattered about him, and th. later* ?desolate. The haunting ahadow would walk that way btsidt hlmTtnd Head would fcpt be there to raise «hs awn shire. ?? But time works wonders, *ni the atm* esehanUr who can plant th'e very gr»vn 61 bar beloved -Jesd with OiweraBade at length a brave br' John GrahamV sorrow aad Mp. Bat it wtf t, e»w» from which a gbojt mroae 'at timora phinh-m that Would not be laid. ,Vot at'the Oatdof night alena did thla phantom appmr, bnt In tbe street It followed hbnrat tbebinaaet It foond ? teat— a grinning death'a-head amobg the reveUtfS, writing, u at Btishauar'i feast of old, ta words Tlilblt to Orihim's ejet ilone, ' Thou artwelgkedin'the bthncss.and art found wintiBg.' ' JBut time works woalers.tnd even 1 , :']? « Love lUelf winsmlle it length ? j On other lov»s gone from us.' ' laid John Giihim.begtn to forgeMbt flaS^tP^SaSS h«d fceenrnaiSaS roore than twoytao. ?_??-, ... ^obnOtahsm had left the town »!«?» aha Jlfod.^and wbarcJia Ibid been latnpW »»»' OTWoome, His lame had gone before him «o1Ut«nr.lwB-tv«adJM had tried to let the 4taJj«ast burriU dead. Hi bad Iwgaaa i4a-inly he Jooksa- at it bsmUcjb'm f^^na^WnowtomataUmihapMrwa* Woomptsionsbip «l a W, m*tm*»i-. P^pH, jEKSlMri ItlMriA^altM* buulltul home' for a wile now. lit had wotpartB, anJ money had poure) lu on Urn, Hit name tlcodhljU ia the gnat dty, tnd tbt woman hi lovsd was sow asd obttaitt so ha bid Utllt (0 ftar, Yet what man who really lovaa leelt no trewoor, no doubt, when ha baa made np Ml mind to Mk tht great decldlBiqastllooJ EvtryiblBg WM In John Graham't ftvoftr, yet his heart beat 'like a prisoner auilUnt tht bars,' at ht watte* tor Oon alieet Thome In tht apltndld parlour ol her employer thtt night. At ha paced tha velvet floor, ratUutly, ht thought of her ta ht bad always seen her, In bar deep mourning— for she was a young widow— the tombra crape and tilk only allihUy subdnlng the aplesdour *t her betnir. The deep t)lae eyes, (ht ptaehJike hue of her cheeks, the bronn balr. with tht antthte* asleep la it t lbs fcjrta,' tha Uurteter, yet tha stdntss of tht whole lioe, as « it bid a history, hid appealed to 51 tbaVwMMella or ehlnlrout In hit Baton. It wu Hie Und of fsoa to makt all mm knlght-erraatt, to kindle harolo diricg, to waken nohla uplnUoit. Never, If he oftald win this womin, wonld ht sully his handt or stiln his oeasdinet sgsin with sacs deeds Hosht ht would not think of It la her pretence; tad be heard the silken, toll rnitlo ol her drasi. Then, as tbt toltrtd, he) taw |ht dash deepen on her cheek, and it gave him courage, He hid pleaded many otniet, bat none so dlfllosH 11 lilt own. Ail bis eloquence teemed to fill away Ircm him 1b this woman's pretence. He wat humble, ?? trot love alwaya makes a mm. Still, he had decided that he wonld know hit fate tbtt nlgbt. 'ton an not happy here,' be eiM, 11 Oonttanoe'— It was tha Brat time he had called hn by tblsntme, aod she foil a pre monition ol wbat waa to follow. 'Oon. slanoe, I have another situation to offer you.' Sbe flushed, but only sailed. ' There Is but one pupil : ha is. ready to learn 1 will nner be rofraotory. The home la not ao splendid aa thil, hut there Is a warmer welcome— a heart fall ot love for you.' ' Ko. I am nst happy here,' tht ttld ; 11 bnt I am not sure that I can ever be happy igiln,' 'Ob, yon muat be— you are ao young. Ufa did not finish for you when—' be glanced at her blank dress and paused. ' I must toll you my story,' aha said, la an agitated vclce, ' and then you must judge whether tha— tltnatloujs still open to ma,' with a forced anile. ' There la no nred to go Into the put, C?nituee,' Grsham Slid. ' I am content. I know you as you are ; that suffice) for me. Let the put, with Its shidows, d»* away for evtr. I will uke cire of tha future.' ' Ah, if one could,' answered Oonstance, with a ahlrer, ' If ono oould blot It all out u with a jposge I But It dots return ; its shidows blacken all car auntbine.' Grsham wosdered It she had loved her lost buthtnd to wall. ' You and all other hippy people cannot understand my wards,' she uia after a momcnl'sptuio,seemlngto bring her thoughts baok with an effort from aomt fu- off point to which they hid travelled. 'I muat toll you my story.' 'It you mutt thro,' 'Ym. Tuar do ut know 1b bare. It might have bean loathe wsy of my Retting the situation. You pity mo here. Well, it la Infinitely better than I ever had before my hasbind met me. I wu an orphan without relative. He pitied me so that ha wu rendr todo anything to rescue me from such a life. Us was only a clerk, and should not hive burdoned himself with a wlfo, bat be risked all tor mi. He took a little) ootUfO In the suburb of a neighbouring (own. I' wim furnished In tbe simplest tniooer, bat It seemed piradiio to me. The rotes at the window— ah, met will any other rosea ever amell u eweetr' and tha apaaksr grew silent, and aetmed lost in a piioful drum. John Graham moved uneasily. Thais memorial madrioted him. lie would gladly hive out them abort If he coold. Af or an uneasy moment of wittlag, ha oould not refrain from laying— ' Aril you loved him ao rouoh, Constance ; this nan who wu is hippy u to find you first r Oo not make me envy him In bis Bbs looked at him, and s gbully ptUor itemed to blinoli her cheek. 'Envy him 1 On,.heavao! and be died on the actflbld I' Then a hush like death seemed to fall upon them I and when John Griham strove to speak his rigid Dps wonld form no words. 'Yes. I am you are froson with the horror ol it 1' cried Constance, pitshmUaly.' ' I knew I bad only to tell my etory, aad all men, and women too, would fall away from me, the murdarer'a wile. My peer Louis I I knew be was Innocent, but I could do nothing. Tht maddening thought prostrated me. Aa the trill went en 1. grew more and more oblivious, Wu it kind, providential, u tbe good people aay, tbit evsa mypnny help waa made unavailing f I lay scorehttl with fev«r while my huibtnd's llle wu'iwcrn away, I wae raving in delirium tht day, the fatU dty ot kit execution, and for waskr after.' . Aa awful honor tegtn to creeplhronkh ?very vein of tha mat who lUlened tb these puelontte words, Tte wom«a-hM he loved, who wu tba Mli triad to ask the question, but. .onoe mars his lips related to speak. HU brain whirled ao that hs oouM not I orotr hteibeughtolntowoids. He waived, then, In tha tamt stony sUeaea. And Mrs. Thwnt lookedatbim curloo.ly.TrHh a slating Of the heart. SkewunotindlBennt to him. in t»eeklaailBd,iaadttaaBac asm Inflofttl/ ibott the plain yoUaj au» whdfjat wonuw girlish hand. A ptmlol traDof ran tbroogh her voloe When aba apoke again, ?'Ah, I iearsd your lore oould not stand this tea*— to '«»e 4h« widow U a man who dltd ob tataeaffaltl toTyoar he»rl abd bom*. And you are right.: I could Barer t» as brightand^wyteoeban. Tblsfau brsaded my iiekrtu with ated-bat Iron.' ' Onhun had'OollscMl hlmaell by this tto». . ' 'Yon ate wrong;' bt eaU, -with apainWl effort, and bis .voice aauoded'afar off. 'I love you. I*t*ll this bsforgotlm.' ?' What, though I' should tsU you my'tros namaf - Though . I should fay I was Berttsnd'a wileW the tatefed in glad stir pris*. 'Yon heirdbi the trial f' Bertrand'a wUt I tbe i woman ht hat'so fonUy wronged I OouM *e -*ks nar'to hia heart. -Wonld tut the ' phantom -rltt aXthitandbatmthlmioteverf ? ? Aad yet oould he nolnuki tomeAnartw lion *y UUag toll woman *o4 rfierishtng herltndtriyf Ha had nsdtlsr IHstop Uta. Ooald JMoot mak. the rest tota%W with tffaetkm that (ht sbalowa of- the past woold bt fotgotttn^ Mkt Itgblntog ttett thlroghU itaBed through hU mln«,«BT5 ^rfokTasaln with a volet that wu lew tat ♦'OoBstaae^ I tori yon.««*thinf that huhtppenee%-eothing that tin happn.^riU dhasgi that Act. *Q«y an iJunoaaat ttan baTSltd job tbt Mtfioid- Ood fsAMthal' ws ?hoBMtoat ob raturalor tht*.-rlly(ip ^ajnoaghlor mt-41 yea Mti ttfes |Hty «j£ o-Ah, bo,'. ritataiOaMWtM.iirlth*' Mel tnns, ' U is' mb who take pliy on me, I itva no dotrtr^o bring but ? tarnished nrna.' ? ? 1 'I am slid to dl«a yoa asolhei,' re tponded Graham, with an answering smile. 'Mo» that poor Iioult ever did an nnworthy action,' Constant* went oo, eaeerly. ' Ht was Hit vistim ot dreumiUntlai evidence ; ml tbt other tile bad a, moat eloquent twynr— I fotwel his Btut. Ofcbone, be rtUtvtflBartranlgumv.' ' Iitl ns tslk no moVa of it,' cried John Orthim.wllh an aching htart. 'Let nt never tpttk ct It a|aio7 It U ovtr now— Balshad irrtvooably' Wl javt oar fatart not to think about,' for Iwifl not allow yon to ally ben mneh longsr'. 1 tare willed too mash, tint already, wetting for tba one woman who Is to crown mrllle.' And front Ihtt manual |ha Ulk grew more tOrtrllv*. tboBJjh ?tt^fit-Mte ol it was In. bt mtoor kiy, aal tba, ahadow ol that letffoldwtt thtiwWivaril all. : JoJin^Orauaia,' Walking home «ndar;th* jlttr^iUtUt sky, beirUt-the 'roaly pare msnl oljnk sharply nnder his step, tnddcaly femembend wbatnlihl it was. J01I three fsati ago ht bai choiaii bit path, whoa Ibanoe or FrotidnM bal saddenly placed bit fate iaUthsad. Yet, three jrtera ago lA-nlgbi tbt burlv otplaln bad atood In hia ofUos, dripping Irom tvery look of bit link hair, and told bis tlmplo 1(07, Three years nanfl lo-'night he was plMged to the wife It vlsUu. Ah, wbat k woid-rlatlml Why should that ngly word have Ininiled on hit thought! f Hs, stopped into a pander office bow than the ono In which ha had bright lilt battle with Apollyou, aod lost. A nletiint light was dlffuii'd . tlirongli It ; a buutlful firs In a low.Jown gralsgarc a rosy warmth to it. As Graham threw litanoU Into a luxurious arm-ooatr his hand touched a latter lying on tho table, lit took it up, aod saw that the postmark wu from his old home. 1 It was ia Bpenoer's handwriting, and onoloeed another— . ' Here It % lottor which bus been lying for some wockt In tho desd letter olBoe, and out of pure good nature I send U to you. It may contain something important — aomo news of property thai may faolp tho poor young woman. 8ho dlaapppared from theso part* ao long ago tliut them it now but a faint rumour that aha ia living under a feigned name wboro jou arc ? lott in tbo darkor depths of aome great town.' Bo I thought that aa jou had helpol hn poor husbuid out of thn world— right enough il served him, of course — you would prrhapi hunt bor up, and tend bar tbo enolotod.' The onDlotod «h a large, HMnnwhal aolled-looking letUr, dlrwtwl to .' Mrs. Louis Bertrand.' 'I will giro il to ConsUaoo to-morrow nlgW' ho said, as hs put It In Ills pocket, 'How Spenoer would open fala ejoa if be knew tho true olnto ot tbo osso.' And than Jit began to think how tha oommunltj A general at bli old homo wonld open their eyes, and wbat tongues would wag ovtr tbit Itrango marriage. ' It will be a Bine daya' wonder, and then It will die out,' hettld. ?? No one will know that I am trying to make an ttonomeut.' Gribam auddenly recollected tho letter liio next night when he bad been talking with Ooniltnoe for an boor. ? ' Oil, litre Is nometblno, for yoa,' be tild, handing 11 lo her, and explaining tho elrcnm tlancc of Itt coming. ' I bbpa it It only good news.' ' Mr good news eomit alwaya from yoa,' Oonittnce answered, taking the letter oaro leitly, with a smile. 'Oh, job mast open II. I em eurions abont yonr correspondents,' Graham said. Bo Constants opened ft, and, looking at htr while sbs reii), John Graham ssw bsr facs pile before hit ey»t, aud a low ory os'ospdd her lips. ?? Wlial ia II r' bt cried, springing np. 'Any bad news t'' Constance bad risen (00. She stood there proudly, with a strange ?xprosilon in her eyei. ' Bead It,' she said, holding the Utter towards him, ' and ladgs far yourself.' Graham took the Inttar mechanically, wpndeiing why be ahould read It. The writing wu aliff aad aonslralned— an almost Illegible iisnd. Bel be was t lawyer, and aeonstomsd to decipher everything. Thus It ran:— ?? lUipooted Madam,— I feel It my bonndon dooty to mtka known to yoa, Iho' too laic to save him m Ii gone, a fact or two, which llkewlte I oommoonlokaUd to a lawyer— John Gtaliam bf nama-«a -proved a damned rtikl). I beg yoar pardon, but U10 thought tm'l riles me beyanl expression. For I went to, blm the nlgbt alort, and took my affldavy, at well be knows, bow I awn another man nobin' oat of Ualpine't at a certain boor, at stands to reason wart not your good rein at all, for be bad yallsr hair and blue ens, at wire a saspldcas drenmtttooa, and ought tejr bava bin followed np, -It was put down In bluk tod white, and lie end It wonld stind. So I went off on along«ralu with a oqitt hsart, and wh«n I arrives ths other dty, Ijbtars that yoar* Umeuteo hatband U ajcuniad, and no mention madt of anybody Cite, or Buspidtti, or oolbln' about thai obtn [ teen eonin' out. In abort, that ere lawyer, Jo bn Graham, bad cookad op bis cast sfora bt sera me, and fat wara'l goln' to n'Jt II wttbthtimth. He'eawiiUn', .ndefevsrl Ta ct blm I'll tsU blm so; and t! bt otn bt trfad for It, I'U present him, for be murdered yo ir bnsbsnd u tardy at that other lellar 411 lltlplne. So, «o snort at present from yofar friend' and wtll-Wlelier, 'TatoliAsBsowsi.' \- iVttK bilore bt baa Balthtd ibji IstUr Johadnhim felt thahot i »p« nraiwip ' 1 ' Be bed Itopptd to mash; % 'he couU not lie to tbit womso.;. Ht T»H that bar dear sytt lookad ftrt* his ttry tool, 'Then bothlog 'ramtlM bat for you to go ' Conitinoi laid! intslfar. voice. ' ? Hava'^on' sotbthg tlst to say tb tot t' Oi into tiftaaaa,'in t plfeous Voloe. 'NotblniVtav* to adrfsd you to leave ibis, all 'jlor, «m ess, this ^bian '*an spoil your ; »)r cttos.'' OwlnihftS Wfil ou;iftness&. 'Wont,*' she, aniVtiM, fltmly,. ?? »1 ot ybopaU^Aws^SrliSagaia.'' wi iW^worirtSbfl^ltttt Ukt AdtM of ^^'a^^tbtfjpatoaaf^ tbihlsstfa, ' Ht wMtont Uto tht wilder BtW,' uesolst* toibaraTfoTUni for itar. «t nr a^Kmewhiitbbta^itnl hislntunr 