?TALES AND SiCETOHES. jBj SUNRISE- * KM BY TOMAH BLACK, HHanasor 'JtiMAr Violet,' 'A Prisoe33 or BH Tame.' ''lasiEK Featiikhs,' &c.;, &c.; Hfcunn XXVI.— A Promihe— (CoxTr-nrED.l BjIM; had notions to wait. With a quick, HRsss consciousness sho heard the hansom HJriitp, and Ilio rapid knock thnt followed ; her HBntDinibbd through the seconds of silence ; Hb&hsTrthatlJraml; was ascending thelitair ; HBaitieratd to her as if tho life would go ont HB»iltc*ctl-ir. But ??when he flung the door BBjsnlcimsloirarils her ; when ho caught her HBhriinbiatus-one hand in ouch hand— and HWjfcsti;at ; whon, in a silenco that neither ?B^liU, ho gaaed into her rapidly moiston HflRn,lljtn the fall tido of joy andcourago ??Wylitr heart ; and sho was proud that H^W'arjIlimtliat.inswcr. For some seconds ??fjl'mibtred during a lifetime— they re ?BpwQirthorin silonco ; then he .released ??Pjtmi begun '» Pnt back the Jiair from Hr^iinii! would soe more clearly into ?HBiMud deeps of her eyes ; andthen, some ^Hr^'PS to tide her crying— sho buried her ?Hptkstaist, and his arms were around her, Mr''' sobbing-out all tho-story of her wait ?BfiBiurdsnair. , H7l! V*'4 ^ oliel!rful)J'. to calm and re ?KJJi wbnnro Natalie, to heightened M'lnjJkno,' «1ib mnnnurod. 'I had no ??|M'Mt to.; »nd I could not : understand. ^Riaer'1'5 ' l}W rto '°f know wu;it 5'011 HHS,1!^311^; her checks wore trot. ' »««Wi», taia'le, in a low-votco, 'don't Ha Hk™'- «ut iHvcliro fifty yoara ?B«*mlai.l,.i!t!Ier-if yOn .never hear one ??««« 'IlM- tawM Of thiS, Ka'S -*.*».? ilirawi ,»nd lovmg E^.!K ffl0In^t whcMny.armsaro B»5-ST'' romembcr that :-wi' yon Kta T^ *'-'«-? Bae- answered. i* ? lrilt0*i»l ho could ?KrM?^r«to Iiim- and sootii° a»d B«;S! ''nllea Ub rms»s with Us soft BfeL'1Sia-'ltiMt.:T«J i hrpken and ?di;^ I.l«-velmd no .girleom H^!-» I nl . Wf«ylns Itat, and L ' H^^ .«.* w, ^''''''o^wno thowholo H'w^1'101' ? ' ?'??'?'??' ?j'*«'Cl5?Ula nwop-«e8 cacl1 »«'«. ?^?^Wt -Jay . f'10 lablc' Uo took »« ? ?;''* e«» ivoro Btill wet with ?£^.^.^'?8 i Sreal*rrort to r^iiiniioroolf control, ',you immt toll me alont ; yourself, rt. woman may liave her feelings and fancies.; and cryoyer them whon ohe is afraid or alono.; that .ia nothing.; it iR the way of the world. It i:i a tnan'n fale tint is of importanco.' '_' You must not tark like that, Natalie,' eaid lie, gravely. ' Our futc is one. Without you, I don't value my life moro llian this bit of geranium-leal ; with you, life would ho worth having,' '?' And you must not talk like that either,' she said. ' Your life is valuable to others. Ah, mydear friend, that is what I have boon trying to console myself with of Jute. I said, ' Weil, if he goes away and doe? not sei mo again, will he not bo freer? Ho has a great work to do ; he may have to go away fmm Kngland for many yean ; why should ho bo encumbered with a wife?''. 'It wa? your fulhor, I presume, who made those suggestions to you r said Brand, rowdta* her, ' Yc3 ; pap.-i said nomething like that,' she answered, quita innocently. 'That 13 what would naturally occur to him; his work has al ways the firat place in hh thoughts. And with you, too : i3 it not so ':' ' No.' She looked up quickly. ?'I will be quito frank -with yon, Natalie. You have tho first place in my thoughts : I hope you ever will have, while I am a living man. 13ut cannot I give the Society all the work that is in me equally well, whether I lovo you or whether I don't, whether you become my wife or whether you do not ? I havo no doubt your father has been talking to you as ho has been talking tome.' She placed her disengaged hand on the top of his, and said gently— ' My father perhaps does not quite understand you; perhaps he is too anxious. I, for one, am not anxious— about ihaj. Do you know how I trust you, my dearest of friends ? Sometimes I iiavo »aiu 10 myseir, ? 1 will ask him for a pledge. I will say to him that he must promise, that he must swear to me, that whatever bappens as be tween him and me, nothing, nothing, nothing in all the world will induce him to give up what he has undertaken ;' but thcuagsunl have said to myself, ' A'o, I can trust him for that.'' 'I think you may, Natalie,' said ho, rather absently. 'And yot what could have led me to join such a movement but your own noble spirit —tho glamor of your voice— tho thank3 of your eyes ? You put madness into my blood with your singing.' 'Do you call it madness?' uhe saiil, with a faint lluah in the pale olive face. 'Is it not rather I;indnc3S— is it not jiwtico to others— the desire to help— something that the angels in heaven must feel when they look down and see what a great misery there is in tho world?' ' I think you are an angel yourself, Natalie,' said he, quite simply, ' and that you havo como down and got among a lot of people who don't treat you too well. However, we must come to the present moment. You Epoke of America ; now, what do you know about that !' The abrupt qiiesiion startled her. ? She had been so overjoyed to see him— her whole soul was so buoyant and radiant with 'happiness— that sho had quite forgotten or dismissed the vague fears that had been of late besetting her. But she pro ceeded to toll him, with a little hesitation here and there, and with a considerable smoothing down of phrases, what her father had said to her. Sho tried t? make it . appear quite reasonable. And all she prayed for was that, if ho wore eent away to America, if they had to part for many years, or for ever, she should bo permitted to say good-bye to him. ' We are not parted yet,1' said Brand, briefly. The fact was ho had just got a new key to tho situation. So that threat about America could ser?o it doriblo -purpose? He n-as now more than ever continccd that Ferdinand Ltnd was merely playing off and on with him until this money question .should be settled; and. that he had been resolved all the time. that hiB daughter should not marry. lie was beginning to under stand. ' Natalie,' said he, slowly, 'I told you I had somothing to say to you. You know your father wroto to me ra the North, asking me neither to sco nor to write to .you .until some matter be tween him und me was .settled. Well, I re-' qpected his wish 'until I should know what the tbtng-was. .Now that I do . know, -it seems to me that you are as imich concerned as any one .; and that at isiiot reasonable, it is not possible, I should refrain from seeing you and consulting yon.' ??.,.,' '-.':' ' ' No ono shall prevent yon seeing me, when it is .vonr wish,' raid the girl, in a low voice. ' Thin, -then, is the point.; you know enough about the Society to understand : and there is no particular secret. ' Yourfathor wishes mo to en ter the higher gradoof bflioord, undor'tho Coun cil,; and tho first condition ia that onq surrenders upo»ory farthing of one'Bpropcrty.' .'Yes?' . ' ?'? :: ' HosUrotl at her. Her ' Yea r'-nwith its af fectionate interest, and its abaoluto absenco of surprise— wan almost the exact equivalent : of lord Evelyn's'' Well V '.'..'?. . ': ? : ; 'Perhaps you -would advise mo to consont?1' lio said, almost in tho way of a challenge. ' ,? 'Ah, no,' sho said, witli a smile. 'Ilia not for 2nd to adviso on such things. What you decide for yourself, tliat will be right,' ' ' ? ' ; ' Uut you don't nuderstand, my darling, . Sup posing I wcro nmbitious of' getting higher office, which I am not ; supposing I wcro myself willing to sell my proporty to swoll the funds of the So ciety— :anl I don't think I should bo willing in' any case ; do you think I would part with what ought to bolong to my.wifo— to you, Natalio! Do you think I would have you marry a beggar- one dependent on the indulgence of people- unknown to him?' : And nowthorc was .1 look of real alarm on the girl'S'faco.- , , , ,? ? ? 1 1 ? '- 'All !' she said,.qui6kly. 'Is not that what my father feared V- You aro thinking of 1110 -whon yon should think of others. Already I — I — interfere with your duty — I tempt [ ' My dai-Iing, bo calm, bo reasonable. Thoro is j»n dnty .in tha.matlor ; your father acknow ledges that himaelf. It'u a -proposal I am free toacccpt or reject, an I plexsc ; ani now t pro mine you that, as you won't give me aw advice, I shall decide without thiukioj of y»u at all' Will that satisfy you?' She remained silent for a second or tn-o : and then she said, thoughtfully— 'rerhapa you could decide just, as if lUere were no iiouihilily of my cvor being your wife?' ' To please you, I will assume that, too.' Then ahc said, after a bit— ? 'One word more, deare3t ; you must grant motliLs— that I may always be able to thiukidf it when I am alone and far from you ; and bo able to reassure myself. It ia the promise I thought I could do so well without. Now you willgire.it me?' ' What promise?' 'That whatever happens to you or to me, whatcvermy father demands of me, and wherever you may have to go, you' will never withdraw from what you have undertaken ':' He met the earnest pleading look 61 those beautiful eyos without flinching. His heart was light enough so far as such a promise was con cerned. Heavier oaths than that lay on him. ' That is simple enough, Natalie,' said he. 'I promiso you distinctly that nothing shall cause mo to swerve from my allegiance to the ' Society ; I will give absolute and implicit obedi ence ; and the best of such work as I can do. But they must not askmo to forget my Natalie.' Sho rose— still holding his hand— and stood by him, so that he could not quite scohcrface. Then she said, in a very low voice indeed— ' Dcarest,may I give you a ring ? — you do not wear one at all ? ' 'Butsuroly, Natalie, it is for me to choose a ring for you ?' ' Ah, it is not that I mean,' she said, qnicldy ; and with her face flushing. ' It is a riug that will remi|id you of the promise you have given 1110 to-day— -when we may not be able to see each other.' CiiArTKn XXYIIi— Krrtsicr. To this palo student from the Ecading Room of tho British Museum, as he stands on a bridge crossing one of the smaller canals, surely tho scene around him must Bcem oncfitted to gladden the heart; For it is Venice at mid-day, in glow ing sunlight ; tbe warm cream-white fronts of the marblo palaces and casemented house3, the tall campanili with their golden tips, the vast and glittering domes of the churches, all riaiiig fuir and dream-like into the- intense dark blue of a cloudless sky. How tho hot sunlight brings out all the beautiful color of tho place— the richly laden fruit-stalls in the Itiva dei Scltia voni ; the russet and saffron sails of the vessels ; tho canal-boats coming in (0 the steps with huge open tuns of purple wine to be ladled out with copper buckets ; and then : 11 around the shining twinkling plain of tho gre :n-liucd sea, catching bore and thcro a retlectioi from the softly rod walls of Pan Giorgio and tie steel-grey gleaming domes 01 Santa Maria della ;alute. Then the passers-by': tl ese are not like the duRky ghosts that wander through the pale-blue mists of Bloomsbnry. Here comes a buxom water-carrier, in her orango', petticoat and sage green shawl, who has the two copper cans at the end of the long piece of vood poised on her shoulders pretty nearly filled to the brim. Then a couple of tho gayer gondoliers in white and blue, with . fancy waist:belt3, aud rings iu their ears. A procession of blucltgarbed monks wend3' slowly along ; they .have opme from the silence of the Armenian convent over there at tho horizon; Somo wandering minstrels shoot their gondola into the mouth of lio canal ; and strike up a gay walta ; while the ? watch tho shaded balconies above. Hero is i lascar ashore from the big steamer that is to tart for Alexandria mi the morrow. A corny; ay of Boldiers, with bluecoats/canrns tronsers,! id white gaiters, half march arid half trot along I j the quick crackling mnsic of the buglers. A aw rthy-visaged maiden, with the calm brow of a Madonna, appears in tho twilight of a balcony, with a packet of lnaine in her hand, and in a minute or two she is sur rounded with a clond of pueons. Then this beggar —a child of eight or tenured-haired and blue eyed : surely Bho has stepped out of one of Titian's ? pictures? She whines and -whimpers her prayer to him; but there is something in her look that ho has seen elsewhere. It belongs to another century^ I ?From these reveries Mr. trathorne'Edwarda was aroused by somo one tapping him on the shoulder. It was Calabreiisa. \ ' My doar. Monsieur Ed marts,' said ho, ia a low voicc-r-for tho red-hiired little beggar was still standing there expect; at — 'hehasgonoovcr to the shipping-place. 'W must follow later on. Meanwhile, regard this lei ter that h;R just been forwarded to me. Ah, yoi English do not forget your promises.' Edwards threw a pioco if money to tho child, who passed on. Then hi took the letter ; and read it. It was in 1'ronch ' Dear 'CALABaiss.v, 'I want yon to tell 111 s what yon havo done with : Yakov Kirski. : Thoy seem unwilling to say hero ; and I do n- 5 . chttsjo to inquire further. J5ut I undcito'i k to look after him; and I understood ho ttos getting on very well ;? and now 'yon have carriel him off; I hopo it in with no intention of all wing him to go back to Russia, wherohe will simply make an at tompt .'at murdor, and fall into tho hands of the police; Do not let the pior dovil go and make h fool of JiiniBelf. If yon want money to send him hack to Snglaml, ah -w ahis Jottor or for ward it to Itojsrs. '-:~— ?, who will give yon-what yon want. . . . . . :,. . : . . 'Yoir friend, ?'????'?'?? 'QEoaaE BrasD. 'P.S.— I have soon row beautiful caged little bird. I can say no more at present ; but that sho shall not.Buff r through any neglect of mine.' ' ?: .. . ! ''What is that about ho caged bird?1' said Edwaras. - ;';?;??.? ' ;? i 'Ah, 'tho caged bin ?'. said Ca!abrcs3a. 'The caged .bind?— do you see, .that is a motaph'or. , It is iiothing ; oiio makes one's little joke. Jlut-I was saying, toy dear friend, that you English do not promise, aijd tlion forget. No ; ho Lays, ' I will befriend thUlioordovil of a Kirski ;' iuid here ho comes inquirmg after him. ' Wow T ''? ''' ' ? 1 ' must answer the letter ; you wilt accompany me. Monsieur Mouartr, ? Ten minutes in my little Tbom ; and it is done.' 80 Hie two walked away together. This Edwards who now accompanied Calabrexsa wan a man of about thirty, who looked younger ; tail, fair, with a slight stoop, a large forehead, and ' blue eyes that stared ncar-sightcdly through spectaclc-i. The ordinary expression of his face wa3 grave even to melancholy ; but his occasional smile was humorous ; and when he lau»hed the laiigh was soft and IiTco that of a child. His knowledge of modern language.? was con sidered to be almost unrivalled ; thnu'h he had' travelled but little. When, in this little room, C'alabressa had at ' length finished his letter, and dusted it over ?with sand, he was not:,t all loth to show it to this master of modern speech. Calabressa was proud of his French ; and if be would himself have acknowledged that it was perhaps horo and there of doubtful idiom and of phonetic spelling, would he not have claimed for it that it was fluent, incisive and ornate'.' 'Mi- Vau'rd Fjukxp,— It is notparmittedme to answer your questions in prcciso terms ; but he to whom you have had tho goodness to extend your bountiful protection b well and safe, and under my own- care. No ; he goes not back to Itussia. His thoughts are different ; hU madness.. travels in- other directions.; it is no longer revenge, it is adoration and gratitude that his heart holds. And you, can you not gues3 who has worked the miracle? Think of this : you havo a poor wretch who is distracted by injuries and suffering ; he goo3 away alone into Europe ; he is buffeted about with the winds of hunger and thirst and cold ; he cannot speak ; he is iiko a dog— a wild beast that people drive away from their door. And all at onco some one addresses I him in gentle tones : it is the voice of an angel to him! You plough aud harrow tho poor wretch's heart with suffering and contempt and hopelcssnoss, until it is a desert, a wilderness ; but some one, by accident one day, drops a seed of Icindmra into it, and behold 1 the beautiful fiower of love springing np, aud all tho man's [ life going into it ! Can you understand— you wlio ouglit to understand ? Were you not present when tho bewildered, starved, hunted creature hoard that gentle voice of pity, like an angel speaking from heaven. And if tho beautiful girl, who will be the idol of my thoughts through my remaining yeara, if sha docs not know that she has rescued a human eouI from despair you will tell her-toll her from me, from Calabressa. What would not Kirski do for her, you might well ask. The patient regards the physician who has cure.l him with gratitude : this is more than gratitude ; it is worship. What she has preserved she owns ; ha would give hU life to her, to you, to anyone whom she regards with afTectiou. For myself I do not say such things ; but she may count on me also, while one ha3 yet life. 'I am yours, and hen-, 'Cii.innKS3i.' The letter wa3 handod to Gathorne Edward.?, with a proud air ; aud he read it, an;l handed it back. ' This man Kirski is not so much of a savage as you imagine,' he said. ' He Icarus quickly ; and forgets nothing. Ho can repeat all tho articles of membership : but it i3 No. 5 that he i3 particularly fond of. You have not heard him go over it, Calabressa J' 'I? No. lie does not waste my timo that way.' 'nia pronunciation,' continued tho younger man, with a smile, ' 13 rather like tho cracking of dry tings. ' Article 5. Whatever punishment may be decreed against any Officer, Companion or Friend of the Society may be vicariously borne by any other Officer, Companion or Friend who of his own full and freo consent acts as substi tute ; the original offender becoming thereby re deemed, acquitted, aud reloascd.' And then he invariably adds : ' Why not mako mo of some use! To myself life is nothing.' ' At this moment there was a tapping at tho door. ' It is himself,' said Edwards. ' Enter !' Calabrossa called ont. Tho man who now camo into the room w.13 a very different-looking person from the wild un kempt creature who bad confronted Natalie Lind i in Curzon-street. The voluminous red beard and moustsicho had been cropped ; he -wore the clatiios of a decent workman, with .1 foreign touch here and there ; ho was submissive ami docile in look. ; ' Well, whera have you been, my friend ?' Calabressa said to him, in Italian. ICirski glanced at Gathorno Edwards ; and began to speak to him in Russian. ' Will yon explain for me, little fathor ? I have been to many churches, ' 'Tho police -will not suspect him if ho goes there,' said C'alabroasa, laughing. 'And to the shops in tho Piazza San Marco where tho pictures are of tho saints.' 'Wcii?' 'Little father, lean find no one of the saint3. so beautiful as that ono in England that the * master Calabrcm knows.' Calabressa laughed again. ? ?' Allons, mon grand enfant ! Toll him that if it is only a likeness he is huntiugfor, I can show him one.-' '?'?'..? ? !With that ho took out' from his breast-pocket a small pocket-book ; opened it ; found a certain photograph ; and put it oa the table— shoving it ovor towards Kirski. The dim- eyod Russian did iot dare to touch it, but he; stooped over it ; andho put ono trembling baud on each side of it, as if he would concentrate tho light; and gazed at this portrait of Kntalio Lind until ho could see nothing at all for the tears that came into bis eye?;. Thon he ro30 abruptly ; and said some thing rapidly to Edwards, \- ';He says ' Tako it aw»y, or yon will make incathiof. It is worth, moro than all tlio dia monds in tho world.' ' : Calabressa' did not laugh this time. Ho ro ganlod iho man with 'a look in wliich thcra.vraa. (mite as much pity as curiosity. ? i ' Tho poor dovil !' lio aaid: 'Tell him I will ask tho beautiful (uint whom he worships so to send him a portrait of horself with borown hands. . I will. Sho will do as much, as that for . ..her friend Cilabrosso.' ? ' ThiB liad scarcely been translated to Kirst}' when in '*his sudden gratitude be caught O&Uik;' bressa'fl hand and kissed it. ' . - * 'Tell him also,' Calaliressa Baiil goods' naturedly, ' that if he is hungry before dinner- ' time there is sausage and bread anil beer in lh» cupboard. But ho must not stir out till wo (Jotna hack. AH011.1, mon bon camarailc !' ':'! 