..UNDER :TK|;gl|p#l; .', At last the Ministry has, Ibfc^.tf&pa;^c^d;- according to constitutional etiquette, aiul I trust that the soul of Mr. Service is' at peace. His great grievance has been; that he has. apt been beaten by rule, and that his opponents have given him Iris coup dc grace without rank ing the usual preliminary pauses and flourishes practised in political duels from time imme morial. The Opposition wcr« anxious to eave time and to despatch business, hut Mr.* Serr vice insisted upon all the formalities of fencing, 'and so Mr. Berry was ctoBjwllsd1 to 'thrice slay the slain' before the Premie* would consent to give up the ghost. ; Even then, there hasjbecn somo trouble to. dragthe .corpse out of the way so as 'to get ; tot business ;',jjmt j'trust .that(at: last the Liberal party have got their li(uids,free - to seize the' reins and guide the State through its financial difficulties.. ':...' ' ' . . .' '''. '. The new members who' havo .taken 'their; seats behind Mr. Service do not promise to be aiiy great strength to their party, nor yet to. in.ikeaiiy remarkable show in the 'Hotnre, -if wo can judge them by the way in whieh they brokb cover on Tuesday last. Mr. Zinckc is an odd-looking old gentleman, of diminutive Btature, with a voice to correspond, who wears a coat like a ecliool-boy, aud whose remarks mostly fell short of tho Opposition benches. Mr. Officer is as short, more slight of build and a great deal more nervous ; the only word of his speech that reached the gallery was a reference to 'moderation,' while the only audible word from Mr. Zincke was 'taxation.' After listening to these additions to the. Assembly one felt the I033 of Mr. Sergeant, who was a. rea'ly good speaker on occasions, and of Mr. Billson, whoso bluff lioncity made him a universal favorite. The speakers on Tuesday Bhould have felt an atmosphcro of sanctity pervading the chamber, Binco two bishops and a chaplain were among the listeners. Perhaps that was why everything parcel off bo quietly. ? ' A little chaffing goes on in tho House as to Mr. Copper, who is playfully referred to an the representative of the Mongolian interests, or the member for Canton. Several members on the same side of the House arc reported to have been indebted to the celestial vote at the late contest. Mr. Kong Mcng, in gratitude for having been made an Exhibition commissioner, helped to distribute circulars written in Chinese denouncing the liberal pnrty, and used his in Ihience with the same object, bo that his coun trymen throughout the colony polled to a man wherever they could for the party of 'law and order.' ; They corild not in every, case pass through the ordeal of an examination by the returning officer, and at Stawell the alliesof Mr. Servise were routed by. a very simple expedi ent. Before going to the poll they had been instructed that they should be asked two ques tions, first as to whether they were natural-born or naturalised citizens, and next as to whether they hail voted before that day. To the first query they were to reply ' Yes,' and to the (second ' No,' and after a little drilling' they marched to vote. Libtral ingenuity, however, proved equal to the occasion, and knowing that the cnlightene-d Chinamen had got their lesson by rote, without understanding the meaning of the farce they were asked to gothrough, the scrutineer for the Opposition candidate reversed the order of the questions, whereupon the un snupeoling heathon blandly declared that he had voted before that day, and that be was 'nota naturalised citizen, and was greatly sur prised .it being bundled out of the booth with out daring exercised the suffrage. The st'ratiV gem was good ; but would not a Bhort bill for bidding such a travestie of the ballot by' ex cluding Asintin voters be belter ctill? ' '? Concerning tho Grecr- tragedy, there Bc'cm to bo but two sentiments current Under' the Vernndnh— tho first, ilisgiiHt.it the behavior of the wife, and [he second regret: that the hus: band should have taken such, a desperate course to a vcugo himself. M. Soudry has Been unfortunate in his little affair, which would not have attracted . to much attention in his own country. lle.it; not alone in hi* misfortune, however. It is to be feared that the reputation of the colony will suffer in Paris. I am told . that nolens' than four officials from that plfa ?tiant-lana ot gallantry liftvo fallen into, troubjfe ~throngH intrigues with Victorian ?petticbate, aiici within a very bhort time. Tliey escape ? at home, not because Oieir ardor is less violent than abroaa, but 'because ' they manage thesp things better'in France.'1 The bravory of ~iH. . S.ondry'a companion-in-arms iBboyond question. According to his. own account ho flaw Grecr. ohont to fire,as he supposed, inbia durection,and straighhvay cast- himself upon the floor, only to rise when the body of the unfortunate man was being carried out. Cynical people do say that no shot was fired in that gentleman's neighborhood, but there are alwayB some cap tious critics abroad. As far as one can learn, the comic interest of the scene aroBO from th.c exertions of stout gentlemen to force themselves under narrow seats, and of ladies dreaBcd in the tightly fitting garments of fashion to ob tain for once the free use of their limbs. Had it not been for the horror and shame accom panying the deed, tliei-e would have been abundant play for satire upon spectators of both sexes. It was noticed that aa. a rule those furthest off displayed the greatest tvlann, and that when assured that there was no danger a good deal of amateur . fainting on the part of spinsters of uncertain years took place wherever a suitable male support was procur able Yet, though the blood shed oh that fatal night ib scarcely dry, the giddy public iniud has already half forgotten the terrible lcsaons taught to frivolity and frailty a week ago. ?7; A book entitled ' The New 'Parliament of H-8S0J' published by CaB6elliPetter,Ga!p'maud JGo ;; contains some entertaining reading. The 'minuto'details of the visit of the outgoing and ? incomrng-MinisterB to the Queen are particu larly amusing. We arc told, for example, that Lord Beaconsfield's viirit ' was postponed until Sundfty morning, when his lordship, who was accompanied by Mr. Jlontagu.Corry,1 drove to the Paddington station of tho Groat Wes tern Railway, ? and travelled by the ton o'clock ordinary passenger train to Windsor, which was reached at eleven o'clock. One of the Queen's carriages was waiting at the terminus, and in' thjs Lord Bcacoiisfield drove to the castle.' Then foilowra-inuiut8-des';ri£tion'ofi how bis ?Lordship 'spent the ' remainder ? of riiRb iayfin company ; with Mr. Mont agri Gorry . Then we are informed-' that ' his Lordship '/remained during tbeiiigh't at the castle,' that Mr. Mon- -I ,tagu (Co'rry/'also Btayod at tile .'castle,' ancV nextrraorningatten o'clock feturtcd '.' upon his return,! to; ,';tlie .;? metropplis;:in ; advance of the' Premier,?' ,\Va are even informed how that Mr. Montagu Corry 'walked from lu's 'apartments in the palace' to tlie railway station, and that his attendant had already preceded him 'with certain ' red morocco covered despatch boxes,' which were' duly 'deposited 'in a ^first- class compartment'' Then the narrative proceeds ;: 'Lord BeacotisEeld qmttcd the castle about half-post 'eleven 'V- o'clock' in the! morning, driving ; from- the Great ' Quadrangle in a 1 close ''carnago 'anil pair, which had been sciit from the 'Hoy al Mows, down the'CasUo-hiil aiid through High- street, to the Windsor te'rmiimsol the Great Western Rail-, way,' and eo on for several pages. At length, however, Lord Bcacpiisfield'a Tcsignotion is announced, and Lord Hartiugton i» sent for. ' At eleven o'cloclc on Thursday morning a Queen'B messenger arrived at Lord Harting ton's bouse with a summons from her Majesty to repair to Windsor. . , Lord Hartington left for Windsor' by the 1.5 p.m. . train on Thursday. ' Tho noble lord was accompanied to the Btation by his private secretary. . . . The Marquis arrived at Windsor at 1.50 p.m., and walked to the castle, where he remained till shortly after lour o'clock. He then walkod back through « hednj shoKCv to the Great Western Btation.' Tlie chronicler, miniito as he is in all his descriptions, fails to explain the courtetiqucttc, whieh stipulates that a carriage should be provided for the conveyance of one visitor to and from the railway Btation, while another visitor, who attends in obedience to a royal summons, is left to walk both ways, the retnrn journey being made under ' a heavy shower.' Tlie following good story occurred during tho elections which are just over. The Liberal candidate in a certain constituency I shall not mention was a University map, fami liar with several languages and literatures. In the couree of bis addre-iSffi) he had cited various great authorities in support of parti cular statements, and thus familiarised the electors with such references, so that when the local Conservative soliciting their miff rages gave ntteranco to several statements of tbo wildest kind, he was met by the interjection, 'What does Mill say to that ?' 'Mill!' retortud the aatoiiislicl Bpeaker, .innocent, not only of the withies of .Tolm Stnavt Mill', but of tho fact that an illustrioofi uliilosophcr of that name liad.cv.er existed; .'jvhaX should he know about, it ? '. 1 have known Xjiil' th49 ten yearn; he biiHr my barn for. mo/' %.e' rnn.,- of laughter' Which' followed this'crfraordinary sally £ave the cultured orator -The first hint that it wa-i not a neighboring bricklayer that. WAV alluded to. I am happy to say that in this constituency the Liberal ? scholar 'earned the day a^ainot the haughty 'aristocrats unac qnninted. with the best authors in their own tongue and of their own time. . Can any pcrton tell me what body is respon sible for the issue of cabmcn/H licences ? They are possessed by al! sorts aud conditions of men without, as it seems to me, any i,,-n,jVy into thrir fitness. Cab-driving and legislation ap foarto bo'in- the opinion of somu people the ? only occupation:) which require no previous training. I think the Loadou system ought to . bo fdliowod here, and that every applicant for a cabiian's llcbnce should undergo an cxamiua-; Hoa'asitoiiisimpwlcdgeoftliocityandsubuibs.: A London1 cab driver knows every street from Blackwiill to Twickenham, and from Croydon to Barnot, ' But'in this city a. man ' aecnB tomed to driving in Carlton is completely at Beaif you take him to . Richmond, ' while St. Kilda or Emerald- bill are. to him Ume in-, cognitm. .,,. ?? ? ? ?-??: . ?;?? .V ?'? ''?',., ' : An Industrious German stiulcut, desiroag «f showing the microscopic quality of his eye and of 'his brain, has porformcl 1 wonderful but absolutely useless feat of industry On a caid, somewhat larger than an 1'n^liali postcaid, he has written in shorthand Yoss'h translation of the fir^t three books of Uo ntr'H OdyBacy and part of a very long d bite which reccutly took place in the German Tmpcml Pirllimcnt The number of words in the extract from the Odyssey ia, 11, 000, while in the Parliamentary debate the number is 22,000; or equal to what is contained in about nine pi^oi of the TuMs What a triumph of m sdiicctod lneenuit). Now, to my mind, apait fio n the question of morality involved, the ingenuity displayed (by another German ia infinitolv nioie ?stiilcing.and certainly far more pioutible 111 a ptrs'iial pecuniary sense. An accomplished ourang outang waslately exhibited at Muuich which played tho. violin masmficLiitly, ami ww pirti cularly'deft in' executing the Cuni\alof Ve nice. Its owner pocketed lirjc piofits at first, but one evening a doubtful spectitor shly ga^ e the wonderful monkey a Hlmrp cut with (i''p'en knife.*-' The creature appaiuitly did not feel tho cut, so the visitor gi\ e v ?v igoi ous pull at his tail, which suddeuly cime off, aud bioojht with it part' of .the .mon'cej's t-kn, dispHjnng .underneath a ntan, the fathei of the exhibitor of the ainmalprodigy, wIiobs dn^uico had been bc complete as to defy di tcction foi a week. Who .would .not be a poet with aicpiti tion?. Of all the wijs of ranLin,; money easily commend me to this, a« exlnbitcil in Tennyson's latest poem, De Piofuudia, pub Iished in the Hay n'Umbci of the h'mctuntli Century. If rumor 'spe-ki. trnc 0111 laur-.ite commands' a guincfa a line, and here n 1 speohndn of the mohby's worth — .'.;?' ': vlbllowed botfly uimc II*tIelmu1i I . '~--~Ju8nIU Ideality I '.?'?? ? Immeasurable Koaltiy 1 .?:/, ! -Inurito Personality I - - . . Hallowed bo thy nimc II l!i,liihli ' Will riot jf/ii; Zctt:?ei encou. ige colonial talent? ' Iain 'prepared to t irn out tlnasoit of stuff axl infiiutiiiii . at ivgumei a line But aids ! With Cas3io I cty, ''epntition, Rep.ita tion.'- A' poet unknown, unhonoied and Vin sung, earns no guinea a 1 no ' I suppose the Btory j\ fMniliArtq ^mi of tfle milkman' who '?improv(d' tHo Ifⅈ by the iwpious addition of water— by the wiy, a not I uncommon practice among milkmen.! Virtuous are thoso who adulterate 111 no worse mnucr One of his customers d' --o\uul th» tuck, ind 1 calling the delinquent bef He hci, n ud him foi I the full i[iiantity, dism^sin^ Ii m wltli l])cse words, ' Milk is good, and \\\ itci is good , but I profer mixing them injS-lf ' rJLhc fctory boars an application. The faiths of science I admiringly follow at a humble distance, and poetry moves me to mv deepest depths, but what is this — , ? t „ ? °- 'learipiiil Inlf lost In Ui!ne own sha.ln«j rail llm ||C')iH s lii Tlrat tlwLi art thou-wlio « Mlei. beinrf nrn And b.-uiishcd into inj-al«n, -mO tlie (Pun Of HioiIiviHible-liidtAiiWcBirW, Amon^ tlio iiunwrablii Iinuii icf Me 'I Witta^Atf^i11;!'''' csiia- '. Is not this a. case of wxleicd milk' Think you, Mr. Tennyson, I- picfer m- scibiice undi luted from Mr. Proctoi, mil for my poetry I will go— well— to youi cmUqi wmka Ono of .the moat stnlving poitiMts in the Victorian Political G.il'cry is th-fl of Mi-s' Bent as paintcl by her husband ; aiid,.thc his toric artist of ..the future will dqub'jjeas.' 'dwell with rapture upon the part playett bythat'lady in the affairs of utite. Tn'Uic reign qfAiine, the iufluenco of 'jfrS. ilbrloy';wa%;'lor yeais paramount in tbc: jia'titpii. A basin of water spilled over Mrs. ;Maihain'B dress is considered by TJyrbn and' others to have been the primary cause of a European war. For aught we- know to the contrary, some such occultrelation between the fall of Mr. Service and the firedide conversation; of Mia. Bent may yet be traced by a future Amtralian Maeaulay. On the firat occ.iiiou on whieh this emi nent personage was introduced to the .public, it was as tho counsellor of the Minister, of Public Works iu a Bcason ,of peculiar difficulty. Where the convention between Mrs. Bent aud her bosom's lord took place fa not recorded in //a,i.,.,,tf. It may have beeii after a Candle lecture, in whieh the folly of prolonged political debates was im pressed upon the sloopy Commissioner as he vainly Bought refuge' from conjugal re proaches , in simulated ' . hlinribeH,' One can imagine the agitation of the taisel upon tho. ;top . «f (- Afrit, Bent's nightcap when her eoufidjug Bpouse cautiously unfolded to'herhiB proposition of giving, half his ^^y to Mr. Gnunson. Such a suggestion, no duubt, shocked the good lady at Brut, but wheu she heard further that his purso was to be re couped for this outlay by contributions from the rest of the Cabiuct, we can understand the majesty with which her consent won given to tho proposed speculation, 'j'lio other colloquy with his belter half to which Mr. Bent drew attention scorns to have occurred when tho lion, Thoma'i was engaged with two liarJ brushes before the looking-glass, while his wife was buBy with the intricacies of stay, laces in an -adjoining corner. On hearing his account of(the lost unit's proceedings in flio Aiwenibly Mm. Bent, with a «ne fcel. ing for clasaical Jinii\hh, pronounced an, ; unoffending member ..' ja'' .''crii^Jii ^M witb a lofty acora : which: probuliiyf.y ^^ to an extra stiff knot in a 'place jdiliicult 0| ^^8 acccs3 wheii the femimno breastplate ne'itVc. ^^S quired, reinoval., ' It' is such' idylli« S,;VI1RJ: u ii these., that enliven the, dull monotony if M M politics; and impart to .the dre'nry p.^'y M M jfansdiil the ^ charm of hsusehold Bimj^ltefti MM and domestic peace. ?'Wjieir. next thew. Mm Ministei' takes the floor, let lis.liojx- that we M ® shall have further tidings, of Mrs. Bent aaj E M her judgments upon men nnd things. fiiJxM ' ? Arm Us H 