JUST AS I AM. ' Br tbb AniBonor "Lady Abdist's Secret," i ' ' Take's at the Fbood, " " A Stbaboe World," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Weavers and Wept," Chapter XUX.— "I Will Never Live Under His Hoof." ; ' Tho dreary wakefulness of Lizzio Hardman's ifirst night in Milton-strcot, Blackford, was re lieved only by fovcrish snatches of sleep. Her brain was perpetually picturing the econo of tho previous day, travelling over the same ground, recalling every word and every look of her tormentors ; and then ima gination went to work, and pictured ell that had occurred after sko left Tanglcy. Aunt Dora would think her ungrateful— Morton would he disgusted at her abrupt departure. Ko ono would say a gocd word of her. Sho must needs eeem a traitor and an ingrate. These mental tortures would liavo been (piito enough - to Iflv'p hor awake all night, but bodily discomfort added a ' last drop of bit terness to hor cup. The small stuffy room, the lumpy flock bed, wcro a soro trial after her airy room and tho luxury of a spring mat tress. Her bedchamber had not been by any means ono of the best at tho Manor Houso ; its fur niture consisted chiefly of old-fashioned articles discarded from tho principal apartments ; but it was largo and airy-,' with windows that coin-t mantled a fair vista in Tanglcy Wood. It was perfumed ' by tho roses and jasmine that olimbed up to tho window-sill; it was kept exquisitely clean ; and it was brightened and adorned by Aunt Dora's numerous gifts. What a change to tho second-floor bedroom in Milton-street, with its hideous gcemotri- cal paper in orango and brown, its patches of gaudy Kidderminster, its colored couriterpano, and flaring pink and green abomination in tho shape of a fire-stovo ornament. Jessie, who had never seen anything better, was rather proud of her bower,. 'and introduced her sister toil with perfect satisfaction of mind. "There's my Wilcox and Gibbs," she ex claimed, pointing to bcr sewing machine. " Aintita beauty? I saved up my money to buy it, and it's paid for itsolf twice over sinco I've hud it. How do you liko them vases on tho chimney-piece? Jim gavo them to mo ; that's Polly's young man, you know." And now it was tho first morning of Lizzie's life in her now home. Sho had been intro duced to nil her relations— to Uncle Hnrdiuan, othorwiso Father, which patriarchal title was in his caso an honorary distinction, like the free dom of the city to a priuco of tho blood royal, as ho had novor had any children ; to her brother William, who had told hor she was a pretty, girl, ami had pledged himself to find her a good husband among bis mates at tho foundry ; to Folly and to Tolly's young man, who just looked in at breakfast time to inquire if his bo- trotbed would liko to see Mr. Mountmorency iu "Richyloo." Lizzio found them all friendly, but all out rageously vulgar. The printer's reader wap the best mannered and tho best informed, but then, like many self-oducatcd people, he was horribly conceited, ho laughed openly at his bctrolhed's bad grammar, and evidently considered hor aunt a very inferior person. Breakfast was a scrambio. Each member of 4 tho family provided for his or her own particular meal. Mrs. Hardman fried hor rasher on tho top of the tiro, while Jessie toasted herrings in front of it. William ami his uncle began with oatmeal porridgo, and wound up with cold hashed mutton and potatoes. Tho mistress of the houso had her teapot. ; tho girls made cocoa for thoir own drinking. The combination of odors from tho frizzling bacon and.herringu was far from agreeable. There was 110 cloth 011 tho table. The plates and cups and saucers were ail odd, and mostly cracked. Everybody was in a hurry ; everybody spoke with his or her mouth full. ' Lizzio recalled hor breakfast of yesterday morning— the pretty room, tho snowy damask, soft and rich as satiu, tho old Indian bowls of crimson and yellow roses— such roses as seemed to grow only at Tangloy— tho glittering silver, ' the pretty china,- the homo-mado bread and butter, tbo fruit and honey, and daintinesses of a breakfast designed to tempt delicate appotitcs. She had fancied herself strong-minded, and yet" tho loss of these luxurious surroundings troubled her, even amidst hor pain at being parted from hor benofaotress, that ono great sorrow which she told herself ought to have been hor only thought. The day VATS i'ht and sunny, and when hrcalcfast w,V"''%'i1t1:J.nd tho family had dispersed, Jcssio was eaLi4' for tho proposed exploration of Blackford's best and busiest streets, but Lizzio bogged to be oxeused for this particular morniug. She had a hcadacho, and' she had a letter to jwrito — two reasons for staying at homo. "You do as you liko, my dear," said her aunt. 1" Our4 Jess is always glad of any excuse for being idle. If you've got a letter to write go into tho parlor and write it, and don't let no ono worrit jrou. You'd better bo off to your sowing machine, Jess, and try ' and got them children's frocks dono by Saturday night, as you promised tho lady. How will you look her in tho face, 1 ihould liko to know, if you can't kcop your word ?" " Lor', aunt, I4 should say I had a mourning order, of course." ' Lizzio was ushered into tho parlor, a room which looked into the street, and which was somewhat larger, and a great deal cleaner, than tho kitchen. Having lived in a houso where daily lifp was spent in tho best and biggest rooms, 4 Lizzie wondered much why it was her uncle's family herded together in tho hot kitchon, in stead of making iiso of tho cool clean parlor. She fancied the room must bo unhealthy, or that thero must he aomo cogent rea son . why it should bo tabooed by tho family. There wns not a thread awry in this stato apartment. Scarlot moreen curtains, bordered with black velvet, draped the window, knitted antimacassars shrouded tho horsehair ' eliairs and sofa. There was a good deal of bead work in tho way of mats, and there was a good deal of primitive color in tho way of carpet. Tho centre table was of mahogany, sticky with much varnishing, and on it were disposed at mathema tical intervals two photograph albums, and thrco gift books. Lizzio seated herself before tlris table, and in sheer languor of spirits explored one of the albums. Oh, what dreadfully common-looking pcoplo her sister's friends were,— bow badly their gowns hung, and how embarrassed they all seemed as to tho disposal of their hands ! Broad grins alter-, natcd with expressions of awful solemnity. Every sister seemed to havo just laid down the same book, on tho samo richly-carvcd.oak table, in front of- the, same impossible combination of -upholstery and tropical fdliagA.' 4 She closed the portrait gallery, and opened one of the books. It was a cheap edition of Scott's pooms, in pearl type, and on tho flyleaf was written — "To Polly, with Jim's true love, hoping she may find im provement for her mind in these pages." It was no uso to sit idling thero; bcr letter must be written sooner or later— her letter of explanation to Aunt Dora. She did not waut to lose the afternoon post, but she l'clt that the letter would bo very difficult to write. She did not wish to accuso Clementine and Horatia of nnkindness — she could not speak of the accusa tion they bad brought against her — yet how else could she explain her own conduct ? Jessie had brought her a blotting book with pens and paper, and' a smart green glass ink bottlo was staring her in tbo face. She had no excuse for dawdling. But when she had dipped the pen in the ink she paused, at a loss hew to express herself, and at last threw down tho pen with a sigh of disgust, and leant her head upon her band in deep despondency. " What are they doing now at Tanglcy ?" sho wondered. What was Morton doing ? Ho was in his study most likely writing or reading. Did be miss her ? Of late she had spent much of her time in his study. He had been teaching her Latin in orller that she might understand any quotation which she might meet with in tho course of her reading, and partly that she might bo able to talk to him about Horace, whose odes were the only poetry which Morton thoroughly appreciated. Modern verse was too high strung and metaphysical for. his tasto — the Byronie school too passionate — hut Horace always satisfied him. Ho was a man for whom n little poetry of a plain straightforward charac ter was sufficient. Lizzie allowed her fancies to wander back to tho home she had left, and to hang tenderly round tho images of those who dwelt there. She thought 11 Published by special arrangement with the author- fill rights reserved. q 4 'l mmw w 1 > of hor horsc and pictured to herself Morton's: morning visit to the stables. 44 What will ho do with my poor Faragon ?" she, wondorcd. " I hopo ho will ride or drive him. Dear Paragon ! £0 think that such a well- I behaved horse should be tbo indirect cause of my leaving Tanglcy. It was Morton's gift of the cob that made those girls eo angry." While she sat idly thinking) a footstep jsounded on the stairs ; thero was a murmur of voices just outside her door. Surely that was a voice sho know— a Tanglcy voico? The door opeucd as sho started to her fret, and in the next moment sho was sobbing 011 Dora Blake's breast. My darling, I have conic to fetch you homo." 44 No, auntie, dearest, I am not so weak as that," filio answered, as soon .13 sho bad con quered her toars. 44 1 havo not been playing a part ; not run'ning away in order that I might bo sent for or fetched. No, dear auntie, I was very much in earnest. But I am so thankful you Uaro come, for I can tell you a good- deal that I could, never have written." 44 I don't want to hear anything. Tut on yo'je hat and bid your relations good byo and «'otuq with me. I have a cab at the door, aud wo shall catch tho one o'clock train for Higbelerc." 41 Dear aunt, it is quite impossible. I shall never como back to Tanglcy." 44 Absurd, ridiculous. Just because my aieces have given themselves .airs. Towpcr, Lizzie, tem per." 14 No, auntie, it is not temper. I havo put up with their airs. That kind thing never worried mo much. Hud I not your love to make life swcot ? No : it is not temper. But I would not stay in the Queen's house — though it wcro high treason to leave it—if any ono in that kousci thought mo a mean, designing woman." 44 Whoever thought you that, orprctended so to think ?' "Your nieces." 44 Come, Lizzie, half truths won't do. You must tell me tbo whole truth. I have a right to know. ' Lizzie could but acknowledge that right, and she told Miss Blake the gist of the conversation w hich had driven her from Tanglcy Mauor. "You nee, doar auntie, that my own self-re spect forbids my return." 44 1 cannot sco that, dear. What can it matter to you if these girls in their jealousy choose to think you arc setting your cap at their brother. You ongbt to be nbio to laugh their insinuations to scorn, knowing your own straightforward ness." 44 Yes, I might do that; but they would not , hold their tongues. They would put the same- notion into other people's mind ; perhaps even Morton himself might come to believo it," con cluded Lizzie, turning crimson" at tho racro thought at such a thing. " Morton is much too sensible." 44 1 hope ho is ; but I will never live under his roof while bo is single. I will not givo .anyone ground for thinking ill of me. Perhaps years hence, when ho is married and bns a family, he will let nio como to Tangley to take care of his house or his children." "''And what ure you to do in tho meantime, while ho is choosing his wire and growing his family?" 44 1 have my plans all made, auntie; all I want is to carry them out. I am not going to toll you that I havo a mission, or any nonsense of that kind : but I think that as I am a young woman without any close ties or duties, except to love you and bo grateful to you, dearest, I ought to do something for my fellow-creatures. Now, you kuow I have done a good deal of nursing among our. sick poor, and that I am not a bad nurse." 44 Bad ; you arc the best nurse I ever had any thing to do with. But what has this to do with your future lifo?" 44 Everything. Thero is a society in London, and at Blackford, for nursing tho poor at their own houses, and 1 ntu going to bccorao a member of that society, if I can get employed by it. I havo read all about it in tho nowspapcrs, .and I know protty well what tho work is, and what will bo required of me. Tho nurses aro ladies by birtb and education. They live in a homo provided by the society, and they receive astnall salary. So, you see, if I can get admitted to tho Blackford Home, I shall bo quite independent." 44 And you will slave yourself to death." 44 Tho other nurses have not died of tho work. There are somo who have been doiog it for seven or eight years." 44 1 will nob hear of such n thing, Lizzio. Phil anthropy is all very well, but I will not hear of your youth being sacrificed to the miseries of other people." 44 Ob, auntio, why did you teach mo to care for tho poor if you didn't mean tno to lead a lifo of usefulness amoug thorn ?' 441 did not want you to grow up like my nieces, frivolous and selfish to the core of your heart., But I meant you to havo somo plcosuro in your life, and as yet you-haro had none. And now you desert mo, just when you are most necessary to my happiness, and you want to join a nursing sisterhood. If you have made up your mind not to return to Tanglcy, I will make myself a liorao elsewhere. I will take a houso at Avon more, and you and I will live there together." 44 Force you to leave tho houso whoro you were born. No, auntie, not for tho world." . It was in vain that Dora Blako urged, and pleaded, and expostulated. Lizzio was firm as a rock. She had told herself that -sho must be thorough— and sho was "thorough, proof even against the entreaties of tbo friend whom she loved as a mother. Tho end of it was that Miss Blake went back to Tanglcy that aftornoon, com pletely baffled, and had to acknowledge her, failure to Morton, whoso disappointment at Lizzie's non-arrival was more intense than tho occasion seemed to warrant. 44 Sho is an obstinate girl," said Aunt Dora, with a sigh, 44 sho has taken it into her perversa head that sho ought to lead a lifo of usefulness, and she is going to join a nursing sisterhood." 44 And sho will wer a ridiculous bonnet," ex claimed Clementine. 44 It all comes from an exaggerated idea of one's own importance in tho world, and a desiro to distinguish, one's. self from tho ruck of mankind." 4 4 That kind of ambition will never urge you to sacrifice your own comfort for tho sake of other people," said Morton, with an angry glance at his pretty sister. "No, 1 hopo I should never bo so silly," answered Tiny, with charming mivctc , 44 aud now, as Lizzie is not coming back, I suppose I may ride the cob. Ho will splinter his stablo into lucifer matches if he doesn't get more exer cise." 44 You are very obliging. I shall send him out to grass for a month. Porhaps by that time Lizzio may have changed her mind and como lionje again." 44 1 shouldn't bo much surprised if sho were homo by the end of tbo week," retorted Tiny. 44 1 daresay she is only trying to make a feature . of horsolf by this absurd conduct. " Chapter L.— 1 "There was ko Thoooht op Fair Play Then." A delicious sense of rcstfulness camo ovor Dulcie's heart aud mind aftor tho evening of her betrothal, the never-to-be ' forgotton evening which gave a new color to hor lifo, new courage and hopefulness to her soul. She was content to trust herself utterly to Arthur Haldimond's caro and guidance, to lean upon his strength as 'against a rock, and to lay down her burden of fears and difficulties at his feet, knowing that ho was strong enough to carry the load ; as a foot sore mother crawling dejectedly on tho highway, faint under tho weight of a fretful child, feels new lifo in her limbs when sho has transferred hor burden to tho stronger arms of her husband, so Dulcie, having given up her load of care and doubt, was able to contemplate tho journey of life under a new and brighter aspect. It was an unspeakable rolief for her to know that her father had confided his dark secret to a spiritual adviser, that ho had not gone on to tho bitter end, hardening his heart, unpenitent, unconfessed. He had not shrunk from the self- humiliation involved in such a confession. Ho bod not been too proud to own his sinfulness to a fellow-creature. Her first thought, oven ill that thrilling mo ment when she coufessed her love for Arthur Haldiraond, had been of her father. She had told him that he should- always hold tho first place in her heart, and she hod been nobly-faith ful to that promise. And now, ' happy in tho love of a man whoso nature seemed to hor higher, broader and gander than Morton's, sho could but remember "tbo strugglo it cost her to give up her first lover, and how in her despair she had believed that 110 ray of happi ness could ever fall across her future path. , She had obeyed her father blindly, uncomplain ingly ; and 20 sho had her reward, in a moro ro- I mantic, more exalted love, in the devotion of a I lover who seemed to her a king among men. t << Arthur," she said to him one day, looking r.7 " v 't '» » shylyup at tho fall figure and dark heroic head, UI can't help thinking that Agamemnon must, haw been liko you." She fancied .he would fcol complimented. 4<My dearest," he replied, smiling at her en thusiasm, 44 1 should bo sorry to rcscmblo such an uncompromising blackguard." 44 Perhaps I ought to havo taken my comparison from the Biblo, and said you wore liko Saul." 44 Not much better, dear love. Tlioso old heroes aro infinitely picturesque, but neither history nor tradition cau show us many examples of real beauty of character beforo Christ came to teach men tho divinity of love. The grandeur of a just, hatred, tbo splendor of a great vengeance shiuo out grandly in the Old Testament, but clvirity is a (lower of a later growth." On the e\'cning of her betrothal Dulcco went straight from 'her lover's arms to her father's study, Sho wanted to hear from his own lips that he approved her choice, to see a now look of depose ami oven happiness in his face. Sho went quietly in, and found kirn seated in a thoughtful attitude by his writing desk, tho lamp throwing its light upon his boohs aud leaving his face in deepest shadow. Dulcie drew softly to bis sirlo, and knelt by his chair, as sho had so often done in tho days beforo a senso of severance had arisen between them. 44 Father, uiy beloved father, I am so happy, and I havo como to tell you of my happiness. I cannot believe that it is rcnl till I 'am sure you approvo, thatyouarocontcnt." Ho clasped her in bis arms and held her to bis breast forsoino moments without a word. 44 My dearest, I am moro than coutent. I aru happier than I ever hoped to bo on this 6ide of tbo grave. Oh, Dulcie, I thought my sin had blighted your life— and now to hoar from those dear lips that you aro happy — that the future is not all dark to you. This is indeed comfort. It is tho brightest pago in tho book of. a darkened life, Dulcie— a life which your love alone has solaced." "Dear father, your life, will bo lengthened, pleaso God, by our love and care, for you will let Arthur"— her voico trembled a little as sho prououneefl her lover's name — 44 you will let Arthur be liko 11 sou to ycui." 44 He shall be as dear as over a son was, to a father if ho make my . darling happy. But my days aro numbered, little one. I would not have you cherish a vain hope. God has been very good to me. Ho has allowed me to sec iny beloved child's future life lying before bor, Jiko a fair open country. I can afford to part from her on tho threshold of happiness." 44 No, no, no," she cried, sobbing, an sho clun to hiio, with despairing love. 44 There can bo no happiness for me without yon.' 44 Dulcie, if you know how weary I am of lifo — what .1 heavy burdon iny roinorso has been to carry through all tho long years — -you liavo lightened it, love, you havo lightened tbo loud — but it has been heavy, and I am so tired that I can, think of tho grave as a pleasant plane of rest, and I can hopo — yes, Dulcie, I have taught myself to hope for peaceful days in a world beyond tho grave, whero my darlings face, may shiuo upon mo like an angel's. ' Dulcie, tbcrc has been a gulf between us, of lato — was it because you had discovered tho ono black spot in ray life " 44 Not bccauso I loved you less," sho cried, eagerly. 44 1 loved you all- tho more, after I guessed your sad secret, because I pitied you so much ; and I know all about my poor mother — her imhappinesa in not loving you as she ought to have dono— and how cruelly you were wrongad by the friend of your youth. Dearest father, believe uie, I bavencvoc loved you less." " Thank God. I fancied I h.rd.lost myDulcio's love." 44 That could never be." 44 And now thero is little moro to bo done be foro I shall havo laid down my load. I havo written to Morton Blake." 44 Oh, 'father, why have you dono that?" "Because beforo I leave England for tho last time I want to have all things sottlcd between him aud me." She tightened her arras about him, as if to hoLl hiin back from somo danger. 44 But tho risk— the fear that ho might " sho faltered. 4 Might do what? Hand me over to tho law ? I will risk that, Dulcie. I do not think ho would bring shame upon you, my pOor pot; or that even his rcvCnge would ask for tho brief remnant of a broken life, lie has hinted at my guilt in this room. In this room and in your presence ho shall bear the whole story. Hark ! was that the ,bcll? Yes. Perhaps it is ho V" Dulcie listened with fast boating heart. Tho 'doors at Fairviow were too substantial for her to hear more than a faiut murmur of voices in the hall. Then Sproope opened the study door and ushered in 44 Mr. Blake." Morton looked gravo and anxious ; but that vindictive light, which had oucc sparkled in his cyo when bo speculated upon Sir Kvcrard's guilt, had gono out for over. Ho held out his hand to Dulcie, aud their hands met for tho first time since she had sat beside bis uick bed. 4 4 1 am about to leave England for over, Morton," said Sir Evcrard, quietly, 41 and beforo closing tho book of my lifo — for I shall have done with all interest iu this world when 1 lyavc this place — I want you to learn tho truth, about your father aud me." 44 Do not trouble yourself," answered Morton, with a gloomy look, 44 1 think I kuow about as much ns you can tell me, in your tardy desire to bo truthful. Tho knowledge has come to mo in a fragmentary manner, aud it has made my lifo miserable. Six months ago I meant to use that knowledge against you, if over I should have tho power to do so. But now " 44 Now, perhaps, you sec that I am dying, and are content to let the last sands run out peace fully—" 44 1 would sacrifice much for your daughter's sake," said Morton, with a compassionate glance at Dulcie. 44 Do oat you think we might as well spare her tho pain of this conversation ?" 44 1 know all, Morton. I was iu tho next room when poor Mrs. Green told you about my mother. Your own words when you were ill, and perhaps half delirious, told mo what you believed. Do not mind me. I know all that can bo known, and I shall never lovo my father a jot tho less because ho has been ono of the most iniserablo of men. 'Not by his own fault alone, remember. The sins of others hare fallen heavily uponhiin." 44 Yes, Morton, my pleading angel has spokcu the truth. I was sinned against as well as sin ning. I loved your father once as truly us ouo man can lovo another ; with all my heart and mind, and strength, thinking him tho truest friend man over had ; admiring and respecting in him all .tho qualities I know to ho wanting in myself— animal spirits, enterprise, a genial nature, a broad love of mankind— I loved him ; and fie porvcrted the heart of my wife. I trusted him, and bo ccopt into my paradise and made it bell. He lied to me, as only tho seducer of women can lie. Ho blighted my life as he blighted tho lifo of tho woman ho proteuded to love ; a noble lovo would havo spared her ; a false and selfish lovo wrecked her and betrayed mc. Do you want to hear tho history of that fatal day, when I went out in tho morning to meet your father, swearing to myself that beforo nightfall ono of us two should bo lying in tho dust, resolved that tho sun should not set upon us both living." Sir Evorard had risen, and stood with his hack to the hearth, by which he had spout so many lonely hours, his arms folded on his breast. Dui cio stood beside him, ouo hand resting on his shoulder, as if oven by that light touch she would assure him of hor loving sympathy. 44I metyourfathersurrounded withbis friends, but falso as ho was ho could not faco mo with tho old familiar smile. Perhaps ho expected that I should let loose my passion then and thero, and make myself a spectacle for the men .who knew him and me, and who may have guessed some thing of our relations. If this wcro his idea he was disappointed. I held my peace all day — a long, slow day— during which ho and I wero often riding near each other. I was biding my time ; meaning always to overtake him on tho road home, and sottlo the reckoning between us — somehow. I had no deliberate plan of ven geance ; but I meant to punish him. 1 was as willing to fling away my .own life as I was deter mined to try for his. I had no thought of mur der, but I wanted the life which by every law of honor it was mine to claim. 4 Tho days of duel ling wero past,' you will say, perhaps. I an swer, 4 No.' -The right of a man against the friend who has betrayed him, against the traitor who has corrupted bis wife, can never cease while tbo word honor has any meaning iu tho minds of men." He paused for a few moments, exhausted by the passion with which he had spoken' these last words ; but neither of his listeners broke tho ' silence and he went on presently in lower and moro deliberate tones. 44 1 overtook him in tho twilight, a little way from the pollard oak by which he was found. I. led my borso for some distanco after I passed the crossroads, and I stopped on the way to pluck a stako out of a hedge— a heavy, murdcrous- looking stake, with a sharply-pointed end. Vargas's counsel hit the right nail on tho head when ho tried to show a distinction between a blow from a cudgel and from a stake. When T had provided myself with this weapon I mounted ray horso, and rode sharply after your father, who was walking his horse lazily along in fpont of me." 44 You must have meant lo jhurder liim whon you tore up that stake," said M#rjkon. 44 1 meant to kill him, fairlyemfoully. It was for him to choose the mannerSfeJ'his death. 'I overtook htm, and reined my m>rso up at his side. There is no need for ,mo to repeat our conversation. He. lied to. mo through thick and thin at first, as I suppose men always do in such cases. When ho found I was not to bo hoodwinked he turned sullen and defied mo ; told mo 'that my wifo had been sold to mo— an innocent sacrifice — that thero was less guilt in her loving hira than in her pretend ing to love mc, told mo that ho should go on loving her as long as his boart beat, that he would never give her up, that I might as well go in for a divorce at once. Ho had mado up his mind to tako her away from me.. Would he go over to. Belgium with mo to-night and meet rao to-morrow at Blankcnburg? No. Ten thousand times no. He would givo mo nothing but legal satisfaction. A divorce was tho only way out of our difficulty. He had tho au dacity to speak to me in his old manner, as if wo had boon friends without a cloud between us. 'Look this thing in tho faco, Evorard,' bo said. 4 Bo reasonable. Wo havo both made a mess of our' lives, but other people aro to blamo for it. There is only oneway out of it.' 4 You are wrong,' I cried, ' There is another way!' audi caught him by tho collar and swung bim round in his saddle. Then tho devil got hold of us both, and wo fought like dovi)6, but my rage was stronger than his. He would havo compromised matters and thought himself happy with my cast-off wife, f wanted nothing but revenge. 4 Do you mean fo kill me?' bo gasped, when I had 6truck him across the head with tbo stake. 4 Y'es, that is just what I mean,' I told hira. Ho struck at my face with tho cano of his hunting whip, but I caught it and twisted it out of his hand. Then I hud hira at my mercy, reeling in his saddle, ghastly white, with a slow rivulet of Mood trickling down his face— unarmed — help less. t Then and for the first tirao 1 felt myself a murderer. There was no thought of fair play then, no thought of life against lifo. I wanted only to kill liirn ! I thirsted for his blood ! I struck him 011 the bead for the second time .with all the might of ray arm. lie dropped sideways . off bis horse, aud tho animal shot away through Blatchinardcan wood, swift as a stag in its flight. I dismounted and knolt by your father's side and laid my band upon bis breast, waiting for what I had no expectation of finding, somo sign that lifo was not extinct. He was quite dead ; that last blow had bcon fatal. I dragged hira to tho ditch and laid bim thero among tho weeds and rushes, and then mounted my horse, jumped tho hodgo, and rode off across country, God knows where, as if Satan had bcon hunting me. Tbreo or four hours of purposeless wandering, and then I went homo, in time to hear my wifo .accuso mo of her lover's murder, and to see her die, loving him and hating mc. That, Morton Blake, is the history of iny crime. If you want a lifo for a lifo you have but to denounce me. Tho evidence you have pieced togethor may bo strong enough to hang mc, iu spite of all that has gono before." 44 No," answered Morton, aitcr a pauso, 44 1 shall not betray you. Six months ago I felt so Strongly upon this matter that I should havo been capable of tho most desperate step. I would bnvo sacrificed ray own happiness, Dulcio's ovep, to avengo ray father's death. But I havo learned to think differently. He, too, was a sinner — his sin bore its bitter fruit. I shall ncvor Lament him less — never fcol less execration for the crimo that cut short his lifo— but bis raurdc.rcfl'# death on tho gallows would not make his lst rest moro peaceful, his hope of pardon and licavcu more secure. You aro safe, Sir Evorard, froEp any future pursuit of mine. But you had better do something to silence Vargas's daughter, who has gono back to America brokcn- hcaricd bccauso sbo could not clear her father's name from the stain of a crime lie never committed." 44 1 will do whatever it may bo in ray power to do for her," answered Sir Everard, "quietly. 44 Good night, Dulcie," said Morton, gently pressing bis old love's icy hand. 44 Come what may I shall always think of you with affec tion." Aud so ho loft them alono together, father and daughter, no gulf between tbein now, re united, united in spirit for ever by perfect con fidence and love. Chapter LI.— Lizzie's Failure. Lizzio Hardman found that tho entrance to her now career as a nursing sister was not free from difficulty. Sbo had, first and foremost, to produce testimonials to character and capacity, and tfio obtaining of these from Miss Blake and Mr. Jebb occupied time. Then, when sho had proved her respectability to tho satisfaction of the Lady Superintendent of the homo which sbo wished to enter, she Lad to go through a pre liminary course of hospital nursing, her duties being of tbo humblest; hardest kind, in order to prepare her for the higher grado to which she aspired. This hospital work was to last a month, during which time Miss Hardman, as a day nurse, would bo allowed to sleep at the bouse in Milton-streut. Sbo began her work bravely ; but, despite hor enthusiasm, the work proved much more arduous, .much moro painful, than she had anticipated. Hitherto her life had been spent among familiar faces — sbo had enjoyed tho considera tion and respect of her littlo world. Thero had bccnthornsinhcrcushionattho Manor House, but all the cottagers wboso wants she administered to round and about Tanglcy bad honored her as Miss Blake's adopted daughter, and as tho medium through which they received Miss Blake's bounty. Sho bad never gono anywhere empty-bunded, and sbo had always been sure of her welcome. But in this big city hospital, where nobody knew her or cared for her, how different lifo seemed. The doctors wcro always in a hurry when they camo in contact with bcr. They spoko curtly ; they took no interest in her work — they treated her as a machine. Then tho cases wero so various and complicated; tho suffering around her was so terrible, that soul aud sense sickened as sho felt how little she could do to help or to comfort. It had been ono thing to sit beside a dying peasant's bed, in some quiet cottogo cham ber, listening to his hopeful talk about the better land to which ho was journeying, but ic was another thing to look along tho dreary ward whoro pain- torturod creatures wero ready to curse God in their agouy, whilo disease in its most hideous form disgusted the cyo that v/oukl fain have expressed only sympathy. Lizzie had put her band, to tho plough, aqd sho meant to persevere ; but there wero times when her cou- rago failed utterly, when sho walked avcarily "homo to Milton-strcot, with a heart heavy -as : lead, and shut herself in bcr litiio room— the room which sho sliarod witii Jessie— to shed bit ter tears over her weakness and incapacity. 44 1 am afraid it is not in me," sho said to -her self sometimes in theso moments of despondency. 44 But i must goon. To fail now would bo too contemptible. I should despise' myself for my cowardly weakness." Sbo could havo borno tho trials of her daily lifo butter, perhaps, if she could havo shut out of her mind all memory of tho past. ' But, un happily that past was in her mind. Her soul yearned for her lost homo as Eve may have yearned for tho Eden sho had forfeited for ovor. In the sultry, sickly August days, amid the crime and foulness of tho great overgrown manufacturing town, Lizzie's faucy rcturnod to tbo cool shrubberies, tho velvet lawn at Tanglcy. to tho sweet companionship, the sympathy and guidunco of her ouo devoted friend. Yet sbo had no right to complain of being shut out of that panuliso ; sbo had left it of her own free will ; sho had refusod to go back, or oven to make any compromise with tbo situation, when Aunt Dora camo to fetch bcr. 44 What could I do," she asked herself some times. 44 To have gone back would havo been to lay myself open to tbo imputation of having only acted a part. I mus; justify the step I took in ray anger that day. I must show those cruel tirls that I can live ray own life. I could not go uck without forfeiting my self-iespoct." Sclf-rcspeet. That was tho idol she hacl set up for hcrseif. A stern exacting deity, who had to be propitiated by tho sacrifice of her heart's tenderest feelings, and who gave her very little in return. When tbo harvest moon glorified the dinginetss of Milton-street, when the breath of harvest was in the very air of Tangloy, poor Lizzie sat at her bedroom window lato into the night, watching tho light clouds drifting across tho round gold moon, and thinking how tho same soft light was shining on Tanglcy common,' and the far away glimpso of glittering water, and the calm expanse of stubbio and meadow rising and falling in gentle undulations to the base of distant hills. 44 I'm afraid I shall havo to. run away from my work," she thought, in her despondency, fueling health and energy ebbing away <tay by day, till each tiny the allotted task became more difficult, tho vitiated atmosphere moro stiffing. 44 1 shall dio it I stay in this horrid town." And then she thought that if she found herself actually in- capable of tho career sho had planned, sho would' advertise in tho local paper for tho situation of natioual schoolmistress in somo qnict village, where sho might nurse tho sick in her own way, and, whero health and strongth, and tho power to work, would como back to hor in the pure air and tho quiet rustic life. But sho had not broken down yet, and sho meant to strugglo' on so long as suc cess seemed possible. 44 Only when my strength uttorly fails will I give up," Bho said to hcrseif. Ilor relations saw the gradual chango in her, and saw that the hospital work was doing her harm. Mrs. Hardman remonstrated vehe mently. 44 1 never did see such nonsenso ns a young woman tu ruing hor back on a comfortable homo, where she was quite the lady, to moil and toil in a hospital, bringing homo small-poxcs and typhoid fevors to bcr family." 44 If you are afraid of that, aunt, 1 car. got a lodging," answered Lizzie, meekly. 44 Who &aid; I was afraid?" exclaimed her aunt, somewhat inconsistently. 44 1 ain't 0110 of that aort, child. I ain't a soft-rood one. But for all that you might find something better to do with your lifo than mixing poultices and rubbing in lencmcns. If you must do something for your living why not. join Jess in tho dressmaking business? Yon must be tasty after having lived all your lifo with gentlefolks ; aud with ber ma chine yon might both do splendid." Lizzie did not attempt to explain to her aunt that, it was a philauthropic career, and not mefc money earning upon which she had set. her hoart, lest that severely practical matron should ridi cule the idea. 44 1 think I bad a knack for sick-nursing, aunt," she said, 44 and I'm sure I havo no tasto for dressmaking." 44 Why, didn't you. make tho gown you've got on?" 44 Yes ; bntT couldn't sit at work all day, as Jessie docs. It w<ijald drive mo mad, "I think." 4' That's bccauBn you ain't used to it." Lizzie went 011 till nearly the end of her proba tion. Sho had worked so well and had shown hcrseif so skilful and intelligent that Ibe Lady Superior of the Homo to .which she wished to bo admitted had gladly accoptcd her sendees. She was to finish her work in the hospitals in a few days, and was to take up her abode in tho Home, which was a fine, old-fashioned house, in a dull, oM-fashioned street in that deserted quarter of Blackford, where, a hundred years ego, members of Parliament, wealthy bankers and justices of the peace had made their ubo lc. Tlig chango from the close quarters of Milton-street tbo spacious, airy rooms at tho Home would bo a welcome ono, and Lizzie was looking forward to it with pleasure, though she had grown honestly attached to bcr family, whoso good-hcjirtcdncss . went as fur as virtue can go to atone for oxtremc vulgarity. She was, as it were, on tho very threshold of berncw life ; and she felt proud of having held on tlirough all difficulties, and of having con quered at lust, wlieu she went homo from tbo hospital ono evening with a - wracking hcadacho. Bho had suffcreda good deal from headache lately, but this pain in her head was unusually severe. Sho whs halfblind with theagonyof her throbbing temples, and groped her way along the familiar streets and lanes as if she had been walking in a November fog. Her limbs wcro so heavy that she could scarcely crawl along ; and it was with the utmost difficulty that she dragged herself to Milton-strcet, hoping all the time that some stray cab would pass bcr way so that she could get her- eelf driven borne. But no cab appeared. Milton- street wns out of the beat of such luxuries, and she was obliged to gctboiuu without holp. 44 Why, Lizzie, child, you look that bad ! " cried Mrs. Hardman, who was sitting on her favorite stool, reading ono of Ihoso thrilling serials which beguiled her leisure with lofty fancies. 44 You've been looking like a ghost, moro or less, for the last fortnight, but you look over so much worse to-night." 44 T havo rather a bau headache," Lizzie ad mitted, feebly, as she sank upuii the frayed old horse- hair couch, which gave to the kitchen something of tho luxury of a drawingroom. 44 Bilious, I daresay," said Mrs. Hardman. 44 Havo a Cockle." 44 No, thank you, aunt." 44 Havo a cup of tea, then. I stood the pot on tho oven top a purpose for you, aud there's a nice bit of cake in the oven." 44 1 couldn't take anything, aunt, not even tea. I think I'll go to bed." Sho rose to leave the room, but staggered, .and would bave fallen without her aunt's aid. Mrs. Hardman assisted her upstairs and put her to bed us if sho had been a little child ; and when Polly's young man came in presently he was sent straight off lor tho hospital jloctor, who had been most concerned in Lizzie's work. He camo that evening, aud the noxt day, and on many duys and evenings during which Lizzie lay helpless and prostrate, in the stuffy little bedroom where tbo sewing machine pursued its noisy career, and where Jcssio divided herself between hor duties as nurse and dressmaker. - Happily for the family in Milton street, it was neither smallpox uor typhoid which bad stricken poor Lizzie. It was nono of those fatal scourges at whoso naino poor humanity trembles. Tho girl had only broken down under a strain which she was unable to bear. With depressed spirits aud desponding soul sho bad tried to do woi;k which required all tho \ igor and vivacity of a happy nature and a hopeful mind ; and she had fallen under a burden too heavy for her weakness. Those distracting thoughts about Tanglcy — that unconquerable) longing for the homo sho had left — had affected her ns tho love of country affects a Swiss peasant. She bad sickened for the lost home, and was nigh to death. She had been feverish in tho early part of hor illness, but never out of hor senses ; and when Mrs. Hardnuin . suggested that Jessie should write and tell Miss Blake of her sister's illncsd, Lizzio entreated that no such letter might bo written. 44 The doctor does not say that I'm in any danger, doc3 be?" sho asked. !4 Lord, no, my dear," answored her aunt, ener getically. 44 No fear of that. You're very low, aud ho says it'll take you a long timo to get round, and that you '11 never be strong enough for this sick nursing fad of yours. It is not within the compass ot your constitution, he says, so you'd better givo that up atonco." 44 Yes, I fear I must give it up — just as I had learned the work, and was going to begin iny career. It is very hard. I shall try and get a situation in a village school. I have done a good deal of teaching at Tanglcy, and I know what the work is." 4 'Don't you bother about schools nor nothing till you're 6trong. Hero's our Poll wants to be raairicd early next month, and for you to go with bcr and Jim to the seaside for their boueyinonn. He'll only be able to get a week's holiday ; but you can get a good blow of sea air in a week, and it will do you a world of good." 44 It is very kind of Polly, but she ought not to be burdened with an invalid sister during her honeymoon." 44 She won't think you no burden. Ain't she your own sister? Blood's thicker than water, you know." ,4Ithiuk I had better go somewhere with Jessie if I am obliged to havo chaugc of air," said Lizzie, with a faint sigh. She was wondering how long her little stock of money would hold out, and whether she could afford the luxury of a seaside trip with Jessie. Sbo had insisted upon paying her Aunt Hard- man a pound a week for ber maintenance ; al though that hospitable inutron would willingly havo fed and lodged her gratis. Sho had spent a little monoy in fees at the hospital, and the fivc- and-twenty pounds with which she liad lcftTaug- ley were reduced by about half. And now she was having strong beef tea and other thiugs which must cost money, and it would be her duty to pay Mrs. Hardman more than a pound a week, for this period of illness. 44 1 am afraid you are spending a great deal of money for mc," sho said, ono day, when her nunt brought her a glass of publichouso port, which was thick and slab, and tasted like elderberry wine enriched with the juice of a datnson tart. 44 You've no call to worry about that, child. Your uuelo aint so poor that he can't afford a bottle of good old port for his niece. I daresay if .you'd let mo write to .Miss Blake she'd .send you au 'ampcr of wine. But you must have your owu way." 44 Thank you, dear Auut. I'd rather be under au obligation to you than to Miss Blake, dearly as I love her. When I left Taugley I mado up my mind to fight the battle of life without any help from rich friends." Lizzie was nearly three weeks confined to her bed, and when she was strong enough to gee up again and lie 011 the sofa in tho parlor, sho looked like the shadow of her former self. It was use less to think of taking a situation yet awhile, it would bo a week or two boforc sko could bo strong enough for tho change of air which tho doctor declared indispensablo to her re covery- She could only lio on her sofa and read a little, and think a great deal, and look for ward wonderingly to 'a futuro that was wrapped in shadows. And now August was nearly ended, and tho Blackford election was in full progress. Tho great, busy, overgrown town was in a state of pro found excitement, a fever which penetrated even us far as quiet Milton-strcot. Party feeling ran high, aud there was a kind of infection of opi- niou in the air, which people caught unawares. .Men and women who bad no political opinions at any other time bccaino suddenly vehement and even angry partisans. Costcrmongers who herded in tho vilest slums of the town declared themselves good old Tories, and prouluimed their intention of shedding their blood, if needful, for Church and -State and an hereditary peerage. The virulent ltadical and the hardened Conserva tive met on the common ground of the tmblic- bouse and the chandler's suop. - Women paused at their wash-tubs with arms akimbo to give ut terance to thoir views as to how the country should be governed. Men who bad never in vested a five pound note aired their theories about consols and other Government securities. Everybody' concurred in the one leading idea tliat tho couutry was going to ruin, and that a thorough change was required iu all the existing institutions. Lizzie, ratting in pn arm clutir by Ike open window of the Millon-strect parlor, too weak to venture out of doors', whs dependent upon her, kindred and the newspapers lur all information about the election. But- bur interest in its pro gress was intense. bad read every lino of the reports of mcetiugs bold here ami tbere, by this party or tbat Sho read all Morton's speeches twice over, weighing iheir effect upon hi3 hearers. Sho read al Itbat liad, been said by the rival can- didate, in order that sho might be ablo to csti mate the strength of Morton's opponent. Her brother William brought her tidings of how things were going. Ho was ablo to tell her how tho current of popular opinion was setting, and what chance Morton had. 44 1 think he'U get in," said William, who was an advanced Liberal. But Polly's young man was a stanch Conser vative, attached to the old-established paper, which had begun its career fifty years ago as a sixpenny weekly, and bad reluctantly trans formed itself into a penny daily when Mr. Glad stone abolished tbo paper duty. Tlly s young man opined tbat Morton bad a very poor cliancc. lie would not givo a> twenty pound noto for bis chance. ' 44 And though there's no such thing as bribery now-a-daya, his election will cost bim a pot af money," said the printer's reader. n 44 1 don't think ho'll euro about tho money, answered Lizzie, with a sigh. 44 Is be so monstrously rich ?" 44 1 believe be has three or four thousand a year, and he is not particularly fond of money. 44 Egad, I shouldn't mind spending a thousand or two if I bad such an income hs that to fall hack upon. But I believe his election will cc»3t him three or four thousand. I heard that his Hgentsaidbe would have bis own way and do things as he likes this time— that it -was Mr. Blake's folly in setting his face against treating »nd such like that lost the election at Highclero last winter." 44 Do yon know where Mr. Blako is staying, asked Lizzie. 44 Oh, at tho llcyal, of course. There men of the peoplo always put up at the best hotel, and live on the fat of the land." 44 If you knew Mr. Blako as well ay. I do, you would know how little he cares about tbo fat of the land," said Lizzie with a fuintfiinilo. She wondered a littlo that Morton had not come to sec her. He must know from Miss Blako where sbe was living, and it would "havo cost bim very little troublo to pnt himself into a cab and be driven to Milton- street. To .see biiu only for a few minutes, to hear k6w his work was prospering, and to hear from his own lips that he was interested iu her now life — how sweet it would have been to her. Was it uot rathor unkind of hira who had called himself her adopted brother to be so near and yet uot como to seo her— more especially when she was so interested in his political career, and when it had been in some measure tlirough bcr persuasion that lie bud allowed himself to bo i nominated for Blackford ? 44 Perhaps ho is offended with me for leaving Taugley just when I was beginning to be useful to him," sbo thought, "or perhaps those cruel girls bavo said something that has act bim against rao altogether. Oh, if they were to make him believe tbat when I was bis nurse ami amanuensis ! was trying to catch bim for a hus band, how be would despise mc— bow I should loathe my life if 1 knew there was such an idea in his mind." The fancy that this was posaiblo tormented her cruelly during those eventful days of the elec tion. It was better, perhaps, she argued with herself, that she should not see Morton— better for her own pcaco, since it must be the chief effort of her mind to forget how dear ho had been to bor ; yet it was unkind of bim not to come j aud it was unlike Morton to be unkind. And now came the decisive day on which the result of the balloting was to bo made known. Every vehicle in Blackford had heen brought iuto use for the occamon, and tho iuzrag and hobtail of the place wcro disporting thoinsclves in coaches. Flags were flying, drums bcatiug, the joy bells of half-a-dozen churches pealing with distracting vivacity. To Lizzie, sitting by the window, with her weary head supported by pillows, and an unread novel lying injicr lap, this day seemed tbc longest in her life. Mrs. Hardman was the only member of the family who made any protonco of staying at home ; and even she spent bait tho day gossiping at the littlo general shop over tho way, or at the milk man's round the corner. The clamor of the bells was almost maddening. Were they ringing in Morton or bis opponent? They would pea) just as joyously for one as for tho other. 44I hope he will not be -disappointed a second time," thought Lizzie. "Hohashadso muchsor- row within tho last year." Tho polling place was a long way from Milton- street. Mrs. Hardman brought in stray scraps of intelligence, but they wero of a totally irrele vant character, and wero of no uso to Lizzie. How much Morton's opponent was supposed to have spout upon bribing one particular foundry ; how bo had given his bespeak to tbo theatre, ami- Mr. Montmorency was to act Claude Mel- nock, with a now Paulino brought expressly from tho Surrey Theatre, London, for the occa sion. Lizzio longed for hor brother's return from worn. He would kuow the result of the election. Sho languished for a visit from Polly's young man, even ibough he was politically unfriendly to Morton. But there was no hope of oithcr of them appearing beforo soven o'clock; And tho long blank day, with its clamor of church bells, hung heavily on Lizzie's dejected soul. At five Mrs. Hardman brought some tea, and tliin bread and butter, with watcrcrcsses, all neatly aud daintily arranged to tempt an invalid. 4 4 How good yau are tome, aunt," said Lizzio, looking up at her, gratefully. 44 My dear, 1 do my best, but this must seem a poor place to you after that tbere Manor 'ouse. You didn't ought to have como away. And to seo tho wreck yau are. It's enough to make any body cry to look at you. Y'ou look ten yours older tbau you did tbe night you came from tho country ; and that pincued ana wan— I can't think what you've done with your good looks." This wis meant kindly, but it was not com forting. Vanity had never been Lizzie's vicotand sbe was able to emilo at her aunt's speech. 44 My looks won't matter when I am a na tional school teacher, Aunt ; and perhaps 1 may get on all the better if people thiuk mc older than lain." 4 4 Perhaps you will, my dear. You've set your heart on a queer sort of life, and it's no use try ing to argue you out of your fancy. All I cau say is that if Providence bad given mo good friends and a good home I shouldn't have took and run away from them." 44 You know tho olcl proverb, Aunt. No' one but tbc person who lias to wear it can tell whero the shoo pinches." "That's true, child, I suppose your shoo pinched somewhere. But never mind now. Tako your tea, liko a dear." Refreshed by her first cup of tea, Lizzie rose from hor chair and went over to tho chimney piece to look at licr reflection in tbe cheap glass above it. Sho wanted to seo if sho were indeed ns much changed as her aunt said sbe was— if she had lost all pretension to good looks. ,Ycs, Mrs.. Hardman was quite right. All tbo brightness and. freshness was gone from her face. Pinched cheeks, holloxV eyes, a pallid complexion were reflected in the looking-glass, no flatterer ut the best of times. 44Perhap3 I. ought to be glad tbat Morton did > not come to see mc," she said to herself. would bavo been disgusted ut my altered looks. And what would he. have thought' of this poor littlo room, with its cheap, vulgar furniture, and the afternoon sun glaring in upon it, after tho shady drawingroom at Taugley ? Yes, it is better for mc that' he has kept aloof. I have gone out of his life for ever. Anything that took my mind back to the past would inako mc more miserable than I am." She closed her eyes, exhausted by the long auxious day, her brain addled by that continuous ringing of bells. She let Iter head fall back upon the pillow, and sank into a gcntlo doze, soothed by the warmth of tho western sun. It was the mo3 1 refreshing sleep she had enjoyed for a long time, and a slumber in which bcr fancies wan dered away from Blackford into the rural scenery of her past life. Sho soemed to have been sleeping for a long while — to have lived a life time in dreamland, when tbc sudden opening of the door awoke her, and she started up, flushed with sleep, exclaiming, 44 Is he elected, William? Is Mr. Blake elected?" Ilcr back was turned to the door, but it was near the usual hour of her brother's coming home, and she had no doubt tbat it was he. 44 Yes," answered a voice just behind her chair, 44 Mortou Blako is member for Blackford, and bo lias como to tell you of a success which lie owes in a great measure to you." It was Morton'b voico.' .Morten,. not ungrateful, or forgetful, was standing beside bcr. Sbe roso to her feet, but, in her surprise and agitation, was too weak to stand, and fell back in her chair, half- fainting. 44 Good heavens, how changed you are," cried Morton, leaning over her, supporting her head with bis arm. 44 Tho person who opened the door to mo just now told me you had been ill — but I bad no idea it was so serious. Y'ou must have been very ill, Lizzie." 44 Yes, I bav6 been very ill." ''Dangerously ill. And you never let me know." 44 There was no danger. I was only weak and worn out. .1 had only been working too hard,- I suppose. I had my idea of a useful career, just as you have, you seo, Morton ; only I broke down at the very beginning. Tho spirit was willing, but tho flesh was weak. And now I havo chalked out a humbler path for my self." 44 Ob, you still hold to your idea of a useful career, do you ?" ho' asked, smiling 'at hor with unspeakable tenderness. 44 My poor Lizzie — so weak, and wan, and pale. Never mind, dear. Tanglcy ami Aunt Dora will soon bring tbo roses back to your cheeks— the happy light to your eyes." 44 You are very good, but I am not coining to Tanglcy. I shall go into tbc country with my sister, and get strong and' well, and then I shall begiu my new life, far away from Tangley." "Yon will. You have a finely developed or gan of firmness, Lizzie. Take care that un- fcmininc virtue does not dcgcnciatc into the vice of obstinacy." 44 1 would rather bo obstinate than weak and wavering." 44 Yes, and you aro seriously ill — you bavo had a long illness in this small house— where so little van bo done for 3011 — and you keep -your old friends in ignorance of your state. That was very cruel, Lizzie." 44 All was dono for inc that affection could do. When I left Tanglcy I made up my mind tu break altogether with thu old life in which 1 had bcon ko happy. . Half measures. would not do. I must. ! make a new L-cinuiny, am1, accept life as Matt-bow j Hardimm's grand-daughter." 44 Why this sudden resolution? Why did you leave Tangloy ?" 44 1 can never tell you that." 44 Suppose I have found it all out for myself. I think I have, Lizzie. You say you would rather be obstinate than weak ; yet you were weak enough to abandon your natural and pro per homo occauee two foolish underbred girls took it into theip. heads to bo jealous of you. 4 44 1 only did what self-rcspcct obliged mo to do." 44 Very well, wo will say no more about that. You are coming back to Tangley to-morrow. Aunt DoMis coming to fetch you." 44 1 have refusod to go back, even for her sake." 44 Simply bocausc you havo been insulted by my sisters. You need fear no further an- noyanco from tbem. They aro now at tho sea side, and they aro never coming back to tho Manor House, except ph visitors. They havo taken a pectty little villa on tho outskirts of Highclcrc — the Laurels, perhaps you remem ber it — and they havo engaged a duenna. I be lieve I am to givo them a new pony carriage and to furnish their house. I think I committed mj'self so far. So 3ou sco, Lizzie, thero is no im pediment to your return." 44 You are very, very kind," answered Lizzio, full of thought, " but I have set my heart upon a useful career." 44 Whero could you bo more useful than at Tangley ?" 44 i am so surprised at your sisters leaving j'ou. Did thoy goof their own accord ?" 44 Not quite. It was I who proposed tho. Laurels as a suitable home for them, close to Highclcrc, to much moro lively Ihnn Tangley Common. I told tbcra that as 1 was going to bo married thoy might find their position at tho Manor House rather less independent than it bad bccu." Lizzie looked a little startled by this announce ment. licr pallid cheuks bad flushed as sho talked to Morton, but tho feverish tinge faded out now, und left her deadly white. 44 You will come homo, Lizzie," said Morton, affectionately. " You will not consider ray wifo an impediment, I hope ?" For the moment sbe was unable to answer him. Her lips trembled, but gave no sound. 44 Is it Dulcie?" she asked faint!, after a pause. 44 No, Dulcie has found happinocs elsewhere. Sho is going to marry My. Haldimond." 44 1 sun glad of that, fori believe Mr. Haldi mond is a good rnau. But who is it that you are going to many? Yea, I know. It is Lady Frances." 44 What a brilliant idea. Do you think sho would havo me if I asked her?" 4 I don't know. I can't venture to say," fal tered Lizzie. " Dou't you think our testes arc out of har mony? Bho is so fond of field sports, and 1 don't care u straw for them. Then her penman ship is horrible, tbc veriest flies' legs. And if I wanted to dictate a pamphlet she would never have patience to write for me. No, Lizzie, I don't think Fanny Grango would, bo a happy woman as ray wife, or that I should be altogether blcs6cd as bor husband. A man's wifo should be really and. truly a helpmeet to liiui, able to sympathise witb. him in all tbat is best and holiest in his life ; to lead him upward, and not downward. But we'll talk more of this by-and-by. I want you to pro mise to come back to Tangley to-morrow, if you can bear tho journey." 44 1 shall never como to Tanglcy again. I thank you with all my heart for your goodness in asking rao to return, but I know tbat I shall be happier in the active life that 1 have plauncd. for myself. .My mind is quite made up." 44 Then you arc a very cruel girl, and you will make to-day's triumph g;a!l and wormwood to ine. Do you know why d havo kept aloof from, you so lone, Lizzie? I wailed till I had won ray election. 1 thought you would bo proud of my success— tho success in which you havo had so great a part, for without your sympathy 1 should hare given up all idea of getting into Parlia ment for the next ton years after my defeat at Highclcre— and I wanted to como to you directly after my election. Hero I am, and you aro goiug to spoil everything by being disagree able." 44 1 am not disagreeable, Morton. I am only reasonable. Your wife will not want mo at Tangles'. To you I may be liko a sister, but I should be a stranger to her, and before long sho would begin to think of ine as an intruder. It would be bard for me to find myself humiliated by her, a3 I have been humiliated by your sisters, aud to bavo to turn my back upon that dear placo a second time." 4 4 Very well, Lizzie, if you refuse to make Tangley your future homo you will placo me iu a. very awkward dilemma with my sisters." 44 How so?" 44 Because I have told them that I _aui going to marry, and you are the ouly wifo I will ever tako homo to Tangley," 44 Morton ! " ";4 , 44 Ycu left my bouse IWause you wero insulted in it-. You must oome; pack as its mistress." 44 Morton, you aro laughing at mc." 44 1 was never so much in earnest in my life. I have lived for nearly two months without you, and tho timo bus been long enough to teach mo that you aro necessary to my happiness. YJour friendship first cured me of the old love. Your many virtues and sweet unconscious charms taught me a new lovo. It is for you to make it a happy one. I shall never regret anything I havo lost in life if I can but win you." 44 Morton, I am so utterly unworthy of you — a penniless dependent, owing everything to your aunt's charity. Just look round this room, and remember that tho only relations I have in tho world live iff it ; or rather do not live in it, for they think it too good to Iivo in. Ko- uembur that they arc ignorant people,' good, and kind, and true- hearted, but vulgar in all their habits and ideas. I am not ashamed of them, bccauso I belong to the'in ; but-wbafc would you feel if my unclo and aunt were to come to Tangley Manor to see their tiiegc, or if my brother and sisters expected 1 be received by mo? And once having como Kvv to them, and been cared for by them, I ca- ; : away aud turn my back upon them for over, w- 1 i you see, Morton ?" 44 1 «lo see, I do understand, dearest. And your brother and sisters and uncle and aunt shall be wolcomo at Tanglcy Manor whenever they . may please to come. Do you think I am so base a hound tbat I can profess a regard for tho work ing classes and their interests, and yet blush to own that ray grandfather and iny wife's grand father wero working men? Fortune favored my grandfather, and he climbed to tho top of the ladder, while your grandfather— who must havo been, an houest man or ciino would not bavc loved hira so well — stayed at the bot tom. The only difference between your pcdigrco and mine is success ; and you shall share tho fortune that success brought, darling, if you will —if 3ou only will." ' 44 Oil, Morton, I havo loved you evor sinco I was a child. I wish that you were a pauper that you might know how true my love is." 44 But I cion'fc, Lizzie. I'll take your love upon trust. And how may I call your aunt iu and tell her. ' Sho looked very suspicious just now when I asked to see you. I shouldn't wonder if she were listening at the door." 44 Ob, Morton." 44 Don't be shocked, dear. A duchess miglibdo as much on such an occasion ?" 14 Morton, I'm afraid you will bo disgusted with them. They talk in a dreadfully vulgar style, but they are very good." 44 Never mind their talk, dear. Your brother and sisters aro not too old to learn a bettor style. We'll get tbem polished a little," just to make you happy." Ho opened tbc door in a leisurely way, and found Mrs. Hardman iu the kitchen, looking out of the window witb an abstracted air, bcr arms folded on the window sill, her voice uplifted in a popular melody, by all which signs und tokens he concluded that she bad bcon listening. William and his sister Jessie were both at borne. Alary was out with her yourfg man ; and it is to l>o ob served tbat a young woman engaged to a young man is rarely to be found in tbc domestic circle. 44 It was was very cruel of you not to let me know that Lizzie was so ill," said Morton when he liad been introduced to the family. 44 It was all her fault," answered Mre. Hard- man. 44 She was so set against my writing tbat I didn't dare to do it for fear she should fret and make herself worse. But it laid heavy 011 ray conscience I can tell you. Ain't she a wreck." 44 She is looking very ill : -but my aunt will be ;herc to- morrow, and I shall send thera both off to Scarborough for a month, and then there will be ;a- wedding, aud you must be bridesmaid, Miss Hardman," , J essic clasped her baud, and gave a hoydcuisk jump, in the exuberance of her delight. 44 Didn't I say there was a lover at tho bottom of it all ?" exclaimed Mrs. Hardman. 44 Well, Air. Blake, I wish you joy, and I think though Lizzie's a lucky girl in getttng such a husband —you're a lucky man in getting such a wifo ; for though I says it that shouldn't, tkerd never was a sweeteryoung woman than my niece, Sir. Aud now I suppose wo shall see no more of hor. She'll nevcr-corac to Milton-strcet alter she's married." 44 Indeed sho will, Mrs. Hardman," answered Morton, heartily. 44 She shall come to see you wherever 3rou arc, and you must como to see her.." 44 No, thank you, sir," said tho matron, bridling, 44 it's very kind of you to mention it, but I know when I'm in my clement. I'm very foud of Liz, but I shouldn't feel easy in a lino house, and I'll never go where I ain't in my own element. That's the only kind of pride I've got left in mc. I. know my element, and I like to keep in it." 44 1 thiuk we could make 3'ou comfortable at .Tanglcy," said Morton, smiling. 4 Yes, if I could come and help to cook a great dinner, or givo a Land in 3our spring cleaning, and sit down to my meals free and easy with your servants. Bui you and Lizzio wouldn't liko that. And as to sitting on a satin covered chair, and twiddling ray thumbs, I couldn't do it for no one." 44 Well, I hope you'll change your mind when you come to kuow us better. Lizzio's brotlior and sisters must' come aud see what kind of place Tangley is, and then they may be able to tempt 3fou." 41 I'll come, and glad," said Jessie, ,4for I thin); Liz h too goou a sort to bo ashamed of me." Morton winced a little at hearing his betrothed described as a good sort, but he camo tlirough ! lira whole ordeal nobly, and he sat down by-and- bye to a sumptuous spread of tea, hot cakes., . wVsrwesses and riiriuipR, in tho bosom of his new family. 