Miscellaneous Items. Mr. W. Carr-Boyd and Mr. Ernest Favenc, two well-known Queensland explorers, are now in Sydney. Mr. J. Maclaughlin, tho well-known Bolioitor, bas purohased the K"lly and Leon Opera Mouse for some thing nndor .£'1000. A paity ol' Melbourne " shoddy " commercials aro on the warpath palatine ofi' their counterfeit goods , for colonial tweeds. Tendens have beon called for tho fourth section of canal and tnnnol work, about 2} milos in length, in connection with tho Sydney water supply. Muon inoonvonienco is being oausod at the Cooma land offioo through tho agent having no transfer forms. Soleotors aro much inconvenienced thoroby. Tho Kelly gane is exterminated. Now that retri bution has overtaken tho Kellys, what about tho Quirindi bank robbers ? Undor tho new Stamp Act a 2d Btnmp only is re quire? for reoeipts on sales of goods. Tho Act carno into force on Thursday last. All tho Camperdown immigrants not provionsly vacoinated are being vaccinated, and af tor tho opera tion tho ship will bo released. Quantities of exhibits aro now being forwarded from tho Garden Palace to tho Melbourne Exhi bition. Thoro is a horso ontored in tho Hay Jookoy Club races called " M'Elhono." Ho is said to bo a very vioious animal, addiotod to kicking and hiting. Dr. William Tarrant, who waa killod on Thursday, 24th ultimo, leavoB nyoung widow, tho only daughtor of Captain Charles, late member for Kiama. A correspondent affirms that tho loader of the larrikins at a plaoo nour Appin was at ono timo a Balmain Sunday-sohool teacher. An ontorurising theatrical agent has mada an offor to Hondorson Africanas to " star" him in Sydney, whero ho should delivor lootures on tho Political Situation in Viotoria, There is a ghost at Ron-' Bay which attempts to frighten tho lives outof '-om i of tho residents, who, wo aro happy to say, aro nowapapor men. andimpor vions to ghosts and other spiritualistic phenomena. Tho Anti-Ohineso ApBooiation invito tho copora tion of the Trades and Labonr Council in tho estab lishment of a daily paper to specially advocate tho interests of the working- class. Tho A.S.N. Co.'a steamer Wentworth, which arrived on Tuesday from Cooktown, brought a cargo of gold and northern produce, valued in ronni! figures at "£59 OOO. On Thursday morning', Juno 2-A, Messrs. Beames, of Greenbah, found nino valuable rams nt ono of their out-stations with their throata cut, tbo shepherd gone, tho hut burned down, and tho ßheop scattered in tho buah. An »ged coloured man died in tho Infirmary on Tuesday. Iiis name wes John Williams, and was a native of Boston. America. He had been found in a Bick aud deslitnto stato 1 y i ii tr at tba back of a shed off Engine-street on Sunday Ja3t by Constable Stewart, who removod him to tho Infirmary. . j Tho detachment of Queensland black trackers, nndor tho command of Inspeotor O'Connor, will leave Benalla in leas than a fortnight. Tho N. E. ENSIGN states that several other trackers will arrivo in Benalla to take their phtoofl. Tho ohargo against tho Chinese interpreter : "Whore do you live?" Chinaman, quioldy : "LivoP' "YOB, live?" "I oan't talk," plainly enunoiatod the witnoas, and tho sontonco was taken down in the deposition amidst load laughter. " Aoting-captain Johnstone, to bo tnado oaptain, and 2nd lieutenant Wright, to bo mado 1st lieute nant," wore tho orders read out at Paddington last woek Tho No. 4 company of tho 1st Itogimont Volunteers aro to bo congratulated accordingly. Jerilderie pooplo have colobratod tho oxtormination of tho Kelly gang with one wild sproo. A corre spondent avors that noarly tho whole a to ok of liquor in tho township was consumed. Charley Cox served out more grog on Tuoaday than ho did whon Dan. Kelly oflioiatod aa bar kooper. J. D. Eankon baa rcoovored hie usual woight. Mr. G. It. Dibbö amnsos himself in his quarters at Darlinghurst by doing tumor's work, an ooonpation that is at onoo useful and congonial, for he dovotea tho proooeda to a worthy objoot of private charity. As an amatour turnor, Mr. Dibbs exhibits groat skill. He has his own lathe, and all tho neoossary edged tools, and eots through a largo amount of work ovory day. Tho man Carr, who sucoeodod in effecting his escupe from the Glen Innes gaol on the 11th June, was captured on tho Invorell-road, about 12 mile* from town, on Tuesday, Juno 22, by Mr. John Boss, of Balaclava, -who handed him ©vor to con*, stable Solff, which offioer had been looking for the runaway-in faot, waa on Carr's traok. The prisoned' made no resistance A woman namod Ann E. Tinkham waB run over by a parcel delivery van in Liverpool-street netti] Sussex-street, on Tuesday afternoon. Her injuries! aro bsinp; attended to by Dr. Vauso at the infirmary^ Mr. Abram Gasoard, colonial wino merchant, of lil, Bourko-strect, Melbourne, waB suddenly Boizcd( with an apoplectic fit on Juno 27. Mosers. GUlbeo and Flotchor wore called in, but their skill was of n«j avail, aB Mr. Gascardnovorrocovered consciousness^ and died shortly aftorwards. ' i ( A debato took plaoo last Tnosday in St. Andrew's Scots Church schoolroom, Kont-atreet, between a few members of St. Androw's Scots Church and aV liko number from tho Bathurst-Btroot Baptist Church, tho subject for discussion being, "Who' confers tho greater benefit on mankind, tho philo« BÓpher or tho poet?" Tho Kev. Drii "White. oooTipiod tho chair, and stated^ that the members of tho Baptist Chnroh would defend tho philosopher^ and those of St. Andrew's tho poet;: After a lengthy discussion, in whieH somo rather personal romarkn wera used, tho chairman put the question toi tho meeting, and it was carried itt favour of the philosopher by a majority^ of 20. After a voto of thanks to thai ohairman, the meeting terminated. A toloRram posted at tho Exchange' on Monday, stated that business nv Melb :urno was suspended, tho offices! and stores oloBed, in consequence of the excitement over tho Kolly encounter; ^ 