THE STORY-TELLER THRICE WARNED. Though not too well paid, Charlie Hedge- I wood aud myself, George Hanson, were both I engaged men, eagerly waiting for our promo- 1 tion to get married to Juliet and Agnes, who j had promised ns their hands and hearts a j vear or so back. 1 We all formed a sort of happy family, for the girls, were -sisters, Agnes being my be- trothed ; Jniiet the affianced wife of Charlie. So our evenings were very delightful. I The parents approved, and the course of I true love ran remarkably smooth for us all. j They were affluent, too, andat their residence moss of our spare time was passed. . Charlie and I were 'both to have our autumn vacation together, and were to goon a walking tour. Thus the eventful night of ' our start came round; at last, and I met him an hour before dinner, with Juliet, promena ding the garden, as usual. They were talking earnestly, and I did not dare to interrupt I them just then ; so I passed round by the side of the ivy wall, and waited for Agnes, who was not yet dressed. . I I think l ean see them as I write. Charlie, with a contented, happy look about him, that fitted him as perfectly as his evening dress ; Jniiet pleading, and he half-latching at her. They passed me presently, and I caught his words without intending to doso. ! I could not resist the temptation to peep at j them, her language was so very strange and prophetic. She was holding her bine shawl tightly over her bosom ; and very pretty the chep- nut-haired lassie looked this autumn night. 'I .vish you were not going to 'leave me, Charlie,' she said. Something seems to whisper to me when I - think of it ; and : I grow so cold and frightened, and tremble so, ' that mamma to-day thought I was going to f»int/ .. . . . . T T did not hear Charlie s reply, 1 saw him bending over her reassuringly ; soTsup- pose he succeeded in allaying her fears — at j all events, she was the gayest -of all that gay party in the bveniug. . j Well, we started in the morning m excel lent health and spirits. I had previously pro posed that we should go by boat, but to this j Charlie dissented. So we marched steadily on and enjoyed ourselves immensely. He was a charming companion, and everyone seemed to think-so. Well, it was the fourth day out, and we were nearing Canterbury. We bid stayed longer than was absolutely necessary it Rochester, for the dear little old-fashioned town delighted us hugely, and Charlie far- j ticularly, so much so that I remember now, ; though it did not strike me as strange then, j he left me for a couple of hours, muttering vaguely something about an old acquaint ance. - i have said we were near Canterbury, bat after al', it must have been about midway j between the two towns, heoause I remember calling at the little inn on the top of a .hill, ' and pointing out to him the lovely valley j beneath. ; vVe waited here to see the sunset, and were richly rewarded for our patience. £uch , a scene I have never seen since,- and it if- fected ns both strangely. ' I remember that sunset by a curious co incidence,' Charlie said, gloomily ; ' I wis near this spot with ' — — ' ; Here he broke off, and walked across the road, leaving me "to conjecture why it was that' v-e both seemed depressed" by. this seemingly trifling .circumstance. It v as not an ordinary sinking away of the orb of day, butAfl?.h of deep gulden light, from the edge of billow. blrakramidnight, and heavy with rain. Asort ot wind gotuft too that ruebed down the hill, ravttmg u to _t 'ost shudder, it, was Bo icy cold. - \ T was for staying at the iun» bat this he l opposed, with .linost feyerfch etotph?.,- fr-he .term will bnrat in lene than h.U an our geotlemen, ' .aid the good-natnred I. landlord of the inn before referred to, 'and yon will surely get a drenching. It begins to lighten even now,' he added, 'and we shall have a terrific storm ere long. _ Stay where you are, sir/ h concluded, turning to me, and persuade your friend to follow a good example.' , , Charlie would not consent, so we trudged On again as rapidly as possible, bat we were hot quick enough to outspeed the storm. First, a flash of lightning whizzed at our very feet.; then down came the rain in torrents, causins? a perfect mist in the valley. e crept runder the hedge ; but in five minutes we were soaked to the very skin. ' I can't stand this, Charlie V I cried ; I'll run for it, and get shelter. Come on ! it can't be worse than this in the open.' Then we got up, and through the wet aud j muddy road raced on far half a mile or thereabouts. It had grown quite dark now, though there should have been twilight yet for another good half hour. Suddenly I stopped and shouted to my companion, who was some ten yards ahead ; f for on one side .of the. road, through a couple of meadows, I, caught the glimmer of a light, and led the way to it over the stile. ' Stay- 1' shouted Charlie ; ' I won't come ; I I'll go on to Canterbury 1' I I went back to him, and found him clench- I ing his hands in furious wrath. His features were white, and streaming winn perspiration. Come, rouse yourself ! I urged. ' Come on 1' and I half dragged him over the stile. Lipking my arm in his, lied him to the house ; but here he whispered again, with that hollow whistling in his voice so terrible to hear. 1 Let us creep to the outhouse, George, anc wait — wait till the storm is over 1 We will not go into the house — no, no !' 'I will!' I returned, coolly. Hang the outhouse, and the folly of such a suggestion ! Come on !' We were within the gateway now, and a cheery old, dame, with very ruddy cheeks and -twinkling eyes, screamed out, ' Lor' ha' mercy on us ! Come in, young gentlemen — come in ! Here, Elia, come quick, and build I up the fire, for here are two most drowndsd young men I ever see in all my - born days ! There, don't stand there as if you were dazed, sir 1' she continued, addressing Charlie ; but come in at once ' : ' No, no, my good lady, I — he com menced ; but at this juncture I interfered, resolutely. ; Nonsense !' I said, sternly ; ' don't be such an idiot as to stand there with the water pouring on you in bucketsful !' He smiled ina sickly fashion, and stepped into the old parlour of the snug farmhouse. Meanwhile the girl the dame had called stood before us, candle in hand, waiting her companion's instructions. - In all my life, with all my admiration of beauty, I never felt such a shock as I did upon, looking at this strange apparition. Beautiful she was indeed ; I had never seen ' such beauty before ; - 1 hope, with all my j heart, I never, shall again. A tall,- queenly woman, with great staring grey eyes and magnificent auburn hair, fine as silk, coiled round and round her head, like; sinning serpents. The features perfect, complexion white as milk, lips pink and thin, but .perfectly formed. ,, Hands, too, that, strong and muscular as they were, certainly werp those of a lady. I waited anxiously to hear her voice, and as she spoke the effect upon me was that of Mi ice- bath suddenly poured upon me. I was so fascinated, had such intense longings to . know something of her history, that I stood and stared like a fool. But the one idea left on my brain at the very last was repulsion. Such an Amazon, and yet with such wondrous power of im pressing one with extraordinary grandeur of presence 1 I tarried to Charlie with an in quiring glance but he > still sat- in the chair by the side of the door, with that fixed, va- I cant look on his countenance that really j seemed, to my excited fancy, to be semi- idiotic. I ' What are we to do with these travellers, grandma ?' said the new comer, in a cold, I measured tone- of utter indifference, j 'Ho, Elia. 2 why show them to a room, of j course,' answered the old la iy snappishly. I 'You have 'Waited long enough before you I condescended to speak.' - I 'It. is no condescension,' returned Elia, stm in the same even, smooth tone; and as she spoke her face was utterly expressionless as that of a marble angel. ' This way, gentle men, if you please.' She glanced, for the first time, at Charlie, | and touched him lightly on the shoulder. I He shivered, and shrank away. | ' Two rooms,' said Elia, vacantly ; ' one for each— one for each ; and one for you, grand ma, and ' Here she stopped suddenly, and burst out into a peal of silvery, laughter. The old lady began an angry remonstrance ; and, as if by magic the laughter stopped, and again she said : This way, gentlemen, this way.' I caught Charley by the arm, and followed the lady, who was gazing down upon us yacantly. As in a dream, he followed me, and changed hiB clothing, keeping close by my side after entering the room, and locking the door carefully after him Then I took him to task, and suoceeded in restoring some of his old spirits. I abstained from mention ing Elia, remembering the strange effect her presence had upon me, and doubting' not that Charlie must have felt the same unac countable- dread. We did not speak muoh while dressing, and presently' the old lady knocked at the door, and informed ns supper was nearly ready aad-tha fire a real bonny one. Bo by- and-by toe were in the cosy, and sat down to ham and eggs aud fried potatoes, and a rhuge, ' juicy beefsteak. Charity did but poorly in the way of food, I though he drank glass after glna of strong I home-brewed, to the great delight of Mrs. I Hmitherb. I felt almost inclined to beg I leave to smoke one pipe ; but Elia stared at I me so persistently, that after the cloth was I cleared, and the spirit bottles were put on | the mahogany, I really felt ashamed to do I so. j ' You must take a nightcap,' said the old I lady, heartily ; 'a good stiff glass of grog, I and I'll warrant you'll be all right in the I morning. You 11 never catch cold at this | time of the year. She had the kettle in her hand as she spoke, and Elia had hers on the case spirits. She turned to Charlie, who e beginning to look quite ghastly. , Brandy?' she said, touching his arm; brandy, Mr. ?' 1 Yes,' he answered, quickly. Again a little ripple of laughter. She poured the tumbler half full, and handed it to Mrs. Smithers, who filled it with ater. Then, listlessly, almost con temptuously, she served me. Again I looked at this strange beauty, and for one moment the mask fell, it niasK sue wore. A mischievous light danced m her eyes ; the dimples sprang from each side of her cheeks ; a soft, beauteous, saucy expres- sion irradiated her countenance, rendering her a superb picture. But only for that one brief minute ; then the features settled again into vacancy, and a silence began te produce a very painful effect. ' I shall go to bed,' said Charlie," if you will all excuse me. ' And but that he sat before me in propria persona , Charles Hfedgeood, I should have declared his voice to be that of a stranger. I rose, too, at the same time, finishing my grog as I did so. Elia looked at me with a peculiarly vengeful expression, to my great astonishment and alarm. Def fclv she slipped behind my chair. ' Sit down,' she whispered ; stay here. I felt her warm, fragrant breath on my cheeks, and I now began to feel frightened in real earnest. ' Come on, Charlie,' I said, boldly ; come on, old man and I walked across the room and linked my arm in his. Meanwhile; Elia had lighted tvso candles with remarkable care, and stood waiting for us to follow her. There was a little pleasant badinage between Mrs. Smithers and my self, but eventually we stood on the landing by our room door, E'ia between us, ana almost on a level with us, for she was ex ceedingly tall. 'Good night, sir,' she said to me, and opened my room door, offering me the candle as she spoke. ' Good night,' I said. ' I thank you very much. I want juBt a word with you, Charlie, before you retire,' I said, coolly. Will you step into my room for a moment?' This is the gentleman's apartment,' put in Elia, calmly ; and, as if fascinated by her manner, Charlie took the candle and stepped into his own room. 'Good-night,' he murmured, under his breath. ' Heaven bless ' He stopped here, and the girl caught her breath with a sudden spasm. Once again, that softening of the features struck me, and this time the beautiful eyes were suffused with tears. Almost pleadingly, she placed her white hand upon hi , and again he sliranK away with that old gesture ofala.-mand intense dislike. Wearily and petulantly she forced the candlestick into his hand, and hurried down stairs. ' Then I took Charlie by the shoulders and pushed him into my room. ' For Heaven's sake, Charlie, I whispered, 'wake up and speak to me. What is all this mystery?' I continued, earnestly. What ails you, man ? Are you in a mes meric trance, or simply stupid from home brewed ?' ' No, no !' he said, fiercely ; ' sober as I ever was. I couldn't get intoxicated here, if I drank a river of liquor.' He trembled violently, then began to weep, and I was so overcome that I was half mad, for I knew not what to do. He rose presently— unsteadily— and held out his hand. Good night — heaven bless yon !' he said. ' Give my love to Juliet. Give her my best — my only love !' He raised his voice as he spoke, and 1 distinctly heard a soft step creeping up the stairs. I rushed to the door. All was silence and darkness. ' Stay and sleep with me, Charlie.' I said : ' I do not like to lose sight of yon to-night, somehow.' No, no !' he replied, eagerly. ' She says I am to sleep there, and I must not disobey her ; besides, I would rather be alone. Your voice sounds miles away, George, and irritates me, and makes me mad. Why do you speak harshly ? Good night, I say !' he concluded, springing up. ' I am not the fool I am taken for.' Charlie I said, reproachfully. He threw his arms around me, to my great sorrow and surprise. < ' My boy,' he said, ' remember me to Juliet— my precious pet ! Oh, George, what fools we are sometimes ; and how oar folly finds us out at the last 1' I saw this outburst did him good, and I encouraged it. Ay !' I said ; ' but when Juliet is your wife, you will forget all the past, and live for her and yourself.' ' Please God !' he said, fervently. ' Pray for me to- night — pray for me. What a storm !' he muttered. Hear the thunder, ; and wind, and rain, George I' ' j 'Go and dream of Juliet,' I said, as. my | last words ' And if yon feel unwell, knock ! at the wall, and I will come to you.' ; ' My love to Juliet !' was his last utterance ; 1 and at the name, I fancied I heard a kind of mocking laughter ascending softly up the staircase. For an hour I sat smoking and listening, intensely wretched. What was this weird and awful presence of mystery that defied me so bravely and successfully ? W»y had i I not asked Charlie if he had known this wo man Elia before? I gave it up at last as an enigma I could not solve, and then retired to bed. The last scetoe in my memory is the flash- ; ing in of the lightning, showing the crimson and white dimity bed-curtains, lighting up with a radiant glory the picture of the greatest sacrifice ever made oy divine man hood for a sinful world. Thus I fell asleep, and in my slumbers dreamed of Charlie, aud Juliet, and Agnes, my dark-eyed sweetheart. \- How long thus I lay and rehearsed the sceues gone by I cannot tell. Suddenly with a choking feeling, I half awoke, ana Charles stood by my bedside. For a moment, dim and indistinct as in a pillar of rosy flame, the while grey clouds formed a back ground to the picture, and rendered it more startling by its luminous foreground. 'Charlie,' I cried, starting up quickly, ' how came you here ? I locked my door, and how did yoa get into the room V He bent over me solemnly and kissed my forehead with an icy kiss. ' Farewell !' he said. 'Give my love to Juliet, my fair and only love I Farewell fftTRWoll I He seemed to dissolve into thin air as the last syllable floated through the room in ex quisite tones of music, the while a shrieking peal of demoniacal laughter echoed through the honBe, and a hurried rush of footsteps died away on the stairs. With a cold perspiration oozing from every pore. I fell back, and fainted away. , It was my first warning, this stormy autumn night, at the old farm-house on the Maidstone road. Scene II. , 1 one shall be taken, the other 3'eft Once more I was suddenly awoke by the crashing in of my door. It scarcely needed the hiss and crackle of the burning timber to convince me that the house was on fire. Already my room was too full of suffocating smoke to walk uprightly, and but for the for tunate accident of my sleeping with my win dow open, I must have been choked to death. My first thought was of Charlie, and mechanically I crept to the open door, whither the men had bravely forced their wav. but had been beaten back again by the flames, which curled in serpent-like contor tions up the wooden staircase. A moment s thought convinced me that, if he were not already rescued, I could do nothing to help him. The whole of his room was a mass of flame, and I rushed back to my window. Immediately underneath was a small shed, thickly covered with sparks and burning brands, and on this I dropped, and found , myself safe in the farm-yard at the back. I looked up at Charles's room, and wrung my hands in bitter regret. ' If he had only stayed ith me, I mur mured, he would have been safe ! Now, now, if he be dead, I carry back with me tidings to break Juliet's heart.' ' Break her heart ! — break her heart ! Ha, ha, ha !' rang out that silvery voice once again. 'See here, sir,' said Elia-, for she it was who spoke. ' You — you speak of J uliets and broken hearts, because a false one has ceased to beat ; for, mark me, he lies dead there — lies dead ! You hear me ?' she cried. 'You are his murderer, for you brought him here ! Did I fetoh him ? Answer me that !' she shrieked, in uncontrollable excitement. Did I seek him, or did he come here to fan the embers of my vengeance into flame? You hata me !' ahe continued. lauehine. ' and I — I shall sing to my bonny boy — my fair boy, Charlie ! I have his picture. What have you ? Nought but memory ; and, mark you, memories are accursed ! Did you fancy I loved him ?' she said, suddenly, with great gravity, her eyes lighting up with a beautiful gleam of tenderness. Did you do this?' I asked, peering anxiously into her face. ' Is it your ljgnd that has thus sent my friend to his account?' 'I don't know what you mean,' she an- swered, coldly. ' The house has caught fire, and he has not been lucky ! It might have been yon, or grandma ! By the way, here she comes, looking like a ghost.' ' Thank God, you are safe !' ejaculated Mrs. Smithers ; ' but the other lad, heaven help him ! Noaght can save him. M y boy, ' she gasped, I never had a son, but my heart warmed to ye both. And now to think — only to think of this happening ! Has he a mother ?' she asked, quickly. 'I shook my head slowly and sadly. 'Neither father nor mother, ' I answered. 4 They are both in heaven ; but. he had one- ' « A sweetheart, grandma,' interrnped Elia. ' And, oh, he was so fond of her — he loved her better than honour or even life ; and he lies up there dead— dead — dead ! Oh, yes, never again to love and deceive ! 'Elia/ said Mrs Smithers, 1 must not hear yon speak thns. Farmer Weldon is here and will take you home with him. 'No, no,' she said, defiantly: 'I will not g0 — I will wait here for the man who is dead — I will see his heart, maybe, and count the spots on it, that I may number the sweethearts ! One, two !' she continued ; and how many more, sir ? Tell me true, sir, while you remember.' She turned to me ; and in my terror I glared at her wildly. 'Yon hate me' she said complacently. I almost wish ' Here Mrs. Smithers interfered, and ordered her round to the front of the honse, Elia obeying reluctantly. My dear,' said the old dame, turning to me, softly, 'Elia is mad at times, and I can manage her well enough. But if ever she catches sight of a young man resembling the lover who deceived her so basely, she is- to tally unaccountable for her actions.' I murmured sympathisingly as the poor lady wiped her eyes, and pressed my hand with motherly solicitude. I accompanied her to the front of the house, where the men were handing up buckets and toiling away with all their strength. The fire-engine had but just arrived, but i already the enemy had given signs of re- | treat ; as we came in sight a cheer rent the air, as the flame sank down again, and the : sparks flew upward in myriads. Thus passed hour after hour, the sky growing lighter, and the sun peering over the hills in crimson and gold bands. Elia sat on the edge of the garden, watch ing furtively to the efforts of the firemen, ; laughing softly to herself now and again. | Bat the terrible strain on her mind was al- ' ready beginning to tell ; and when day- flight had thoroughly set in, she drooped more and more, till the eyelids closed in tired slumber, and she smiled like a child, in ber love-dream of the past. It was evening before I left the rained farmhouse. Ill and feverish, Farmer Weldon had declared I was not fit to be about, so » ithout much resistance on my part, he carried me away, with Mrs. Smithers and Elia ; and I was awakened by a soft touch, hoard the clatter of the cups and saucers in the kitchen ; and the faint odour oE newly baked bread was the first sensation that greeted me, as I woke from my long and heavy sleep. 'Awake, my brave boy !' sang a cheerful voice ; and I looked up to see Elia by my bedside. Friend of Charley s,' she said, touching my cheek with her hand ; 4 you have gained your senses at last. I love you for his sake,' she continued, bending over me, 'and I will kira you for Km. See, now, hTT=== I him, and yet he will never coup l, red lor H She bent over and kissed me P B patromsmgly as if I were a little & ' fl 'Good-bye,' she said, iheu Bv,l B back on tiptoe, and kissed me again one is for Charlie's sweetheart ' Lh fll mured softly, poor girl I ' Do'vnn \m' H she whispered. ' Ah. do not 1 It K B ,e?' H cruel burden to bear ! Hours first Jv a H days, then weeks, then months. then V H and no more caresses, no more gentle ' and yon go mad, and you rush hither SJ thither, seeking rest and finding none i f , B yet I met him again, as all the trees J? B pered to me I should 1 The birds sanf" B me of this, and I could not believe their! B lodious voices ; the cuckoo cried "Chrii «, B and 1 laughed, and yet he came to I! , B Good-bye !' she said. Heaven bless I Give my love to Juliet.' She laughed wildly at this, and rushed B from the apartment. I went down soT B after, and we gathered round the table t H sat between Elia and Mrs. Smithers and B the former spoke almost as soon as B .rated, « w »e« 'Farmer Weldon,' she said, pleasantlr I ' tell me, now, how much have tW H him ? Have they discovered his heart B counted the spots ?' HB ' My dear,' responded the farmer, with in. B finite pity, ' not one tiny remnant of humanity B was left. The fire was" too fierce, aud ' B Here Elia burst out sobbing, and Mrr B Smithers chided her gently. There was no I heart there with its spots for sweethearts B All that was human of Charlie Hedgewood-l B dear old Charlie ! — had passed away. B I had no thought of holiday after this. I B looked forward to Juliet's mourning and the B grief of Agnes ; 1 painted in sombre colours H my own life, now that he who was «o bravo fl and witty and gentle had gone to his account fl and so I hurried back to Highgate with tho fl fearful tidings. I cannot describe the scene fl at The Cedars when my tale' was told. All fl earthly love was put aside as too gross for fl such sorrow as overwhelmed them now. fl How I remember, as I eit here writing this, | that evening when we ail could weep but | Juliet ! How memory brings back to me that fl old father and gentle mother yearning over fl their dear girl when the tears would not fl come, and she sat and smiled and looked | around with wonder to see us weep. B Will it ever leave my mind, the strange I Questions day by day repeated in tones of fl tremulous music— 'He died very happy, George, without pain, did he not, my dear I boy — my Charlie ?' I Ah ! my hair may grow white, my right hand I may lose its canning, but I shall never cease I to remember these scenes while memory has I power and' thought vitality. I So I will not linger here, only to tell you 8 what was inevitable — that Juliet, our pretty 8 one, was dying fast. No physician could I minister to th$t mind diseased — no potion I take the place of that love-philter she car- 8 ried in her heart in the time gone by. Aud I so she sank gradually, without pain ; but I only that she caused such exquisite grief to I those who loved her dearly. And yet life I had such a tenacious hold upon the fibres of I her heart, that month after month she I lingered on. I She had one yearning wish, one longing I desire, that was a harden upon her sweet I love too heavy to bear. I Agnes,' she would say, George loves I you. Be his wife while I am strong enough I to be a bridesmaid, ere I close my eyes, not I in death, but to meet Charlie once again.' 1 And thus she pleaded and entreated her I father and mother, till one bright winter s I day Agnes became my bride. It wa a very I quiet, but very happy wedding, and we spent I our honeymoon on the shores of the blue I Mediterranean, in the golden sunlight of an Italian winter. But, with the first budding of spring, something prompted me to move homeward. , I had left the office now ; had severed the connection with red tape that galled me so in the days gone by, and so I was free to do as I pleased. I shall never cease to begrate- fnl for thus coming home in the blossoming season of the year. We had left (Agnes and I) Juliet very | fragile and tender, very weak and gentle; bat now, now she has grown into an eartn y angel. So purely transparent the tiny hands, so hollow and white the oncerotmdea cheeks, that I shed tears when I first saw her on our return home. . The old folks, too, had aged terribly in this short time ; and I trembled fortb.e,® now that their favourite was so new in golden gates of heaven. And ye lingered, this pretty flower, an ... May blossoms crowned the gardens sweetness, and then her geprie spm Time sped on in our until Winter came round. 1 had been a great part of the day, and havrng turned home, was telling Agnes new plants that I had ordered for the conservatory. Suddenly I turn started as a long-drawn sigh echoed each corner of the room. -nnRlv. 'Did yon hear that?' I said, « I- heard something, though I what,' answered Agfaes, nervously. conld it have been ?' wven's Look/ I Aid, 'Agnes-for heaves sake, look there !' — and I easy- chair she had wheeled forw th6.t6"ouy yoa not see them !' 'Who ?' she said, trembling 'Charlie mid Juliet.' I » hushed voice. 'See, 'hey em' fl, twined nnn-in-mrm, they this!' Agu. Are' you to bw a haunted man - , < j Hush, dear T I returned, read the omens — it is S warning.' 0f the They were gone ; hut the swag. . or reproach was left behind, and d the mystery to be solved, fo ould warning that I felt quite sure worn come. And so morning dawned ; snowing from early dawn nnfofcly by but bracing. The d.y prased q „ but .t night I iraa etrangely raaMW ==UT'S guests sat, hand m hand, griev- my - r the !o?s of Juliet. iDgAes had fallen asleep, for she was not well and so, after having placed a V8, under her head and given her a kiss, iSLd Stoto the snow;covered streets. Joined against the railing of the gar- U surrounding our house. I closed a rushing sound smote the ®y ®ya with a stait, I awoke. There fltoodCharlie, as 'twere hut yesterday, laugh- happv as ever. I sprang forward. 1Dg Charlie 1 said» <myby 1 have beea / S I thought you dead, and Juliet Why-why, what is this?' . I looked before me into vacancy, and raised niv hat solemnly. , , . . ' ris the third time,' I soliloquised. I «m thrice earned, aud the mystery's revela- SoMonothe far off now.' As if in echo to my words of prophecy, a <1asd croan startled me. I rushed over to where the snow had drifted, and bent over a fgYsaid— ' Elia, you here, and thus I' She raised her heavy eyes, and smiled 88 "Death has overtaken me,' she said, 4 with the rest. Charlie is dead, grandma is dead, and I shall soon die too 1 Is Juliet dead ?' «ha asked, raising the poor pinched face. 'Yes,' I replied solemnly ; ' she died in my arms, very happy and content to meet Charlie in a brighter, better land.' She half buried her face in the snow, and sobbed violently. - "Come,' I said, ' Elia, I must bring you to my house, and you shall liveT No, no,' she answered, and she turned tried to get her to walk, but it was of no aVI have escaped the cruel people at the aaylum,' she said ; 'and have walked all this distance, looking for Charlie, and now I am tired— very tired.' She cried like a little baby as she spoke, aud so, with infinite tenderness, I carried her to the house. But she never rallied, not withstanding all our care. She cannot live till dawn,' said the doc tor I called in. ' The brain has given away, »nd nothing can save her. As the morning approached she nestled closer and closer to Agnes, and none could look on without emotion. 1 See, pretty one/ she said. ' May I tell your hosband a story about me and Charlie, who is married to Juliet in heaven ? Ah, it was in the days gone by, when I was youug and handsome, lie came don to Rochester to me there, aud met me at Blue Bell Hill. And he met me time after time, and I grew to love him, and he kissed me. Ah, if he had not teught me how to love, how happy I might have been ! Then he wrote me a letter, and told me he loved another — Juliet, yon know— and then I went mad. Hundreds of years seemed to have passed away, aud then ypur husband brought him to me. I feared me, even then, aud yet I was so happy. But he scorned me — would not touch my hand or kiss my cheek— loved me no more! Then at night I heard of Juliet, and I swore she should not take from me my , Charlie. S'o I built up the paper and shavings under his head, and fired them, and he was burned. And yet I loved him ; and yet I did not get his heart, after all.' She tried to fold her hands together, looked upward, fell back, and died. We are very happy, Agnes and I. Our little ones cluster about our knees, and we are never tired of telling them of the death of poor Elia ; and as I look back and re-enact these scenes of the past — when I consider that I might have been the subject for fate's . end-I call philosophy to my aid in vain, and ask myself how I can explain this mystery ; seek and never find the clue to the strange destiny that has gifted me with this miracu lous power of second sight ; so that, as I ait here and write this story from scene to scene, I can go back, in painful or joyful memory, and know full well that I am one to whom from the spirit land dear friends have come \--that to elucidate the mvsterv of mv friend m. e Sedgewood's death I have been 'Thrice Warned.' 