: THE QQUWmim. a — 1 tfB. JOHN BUSKIN, ART CRITIC B mi One Who Knows Him.] 1 ?:f,«rtato Conservative quarters in jsngiana l».r«jnto hwo been tbdught of sufficient ilScetotclcgn.pl. for the edification of Itoaativecirclea here/that Mr. Ruskin, tho IS ^ a-t'°' lltt3 publicly doclaroa tnat ? y tiles Liberalism a3 ho hates Beelzebub. Mi,jon! really conversant wnu mo writing*, mJ.HU more tho moral teaching of Mr. Rub BH^Bistbe greatly diverted at tho notion My If has Bono ovor to tne' Conservative H|aa Could tliat erratic genius ba caught jffl ^ by either political party, ho would Hn^udingenms to friend and foe as an es fflShjjtic, No j we rejoico to know that HjfcteltiiiisJMi generis, and to thoao who Bbwliim intimately. tho moral greatnesa of Hjiicja is the moat remarkablo thing about ^Sjja J[r. Ruskin has always denounced that BB&riT; iffi'ch i-v licoaco, that spurious liberalism HHilJcli ii only a cloak to unbridled selfindul Ojrr and Mr. Euskin's political ethics are of ?jciloo cfe'Stcd a character — too high abovo Mfcnln low strife cf the political arona — to Hk tln'med by either party. Again, aa we H|#ntokm»v,if there ia one thing more dia ^?ttiiful to Mm than another, it is garbled quo BHiii To all inquiries asking if lottcra or Bir!i of Ms may bo printed, his invariable Heiir L«, ' Yes, providing only you print HsaMlii'f.' It will probably be found that ?Ifenanin^ Mr. Kmkin attaches to tho word jM'Emlbiu' ii very different from that ex-' H|tt:-l or desired. Wo know of few things jHti'dir.gcroug than for a partisan to take up ^Btftleory of Mr. Ruskin's and endeavor to Mtelilulo something, supporting his narrow Htilaeviem. He will moat assuredly cut ?lion Enters with it. ? ' Hilt. Ruikin continues to publish papers, B^jMsh, e3says, articles, and that remark - ?KeKries of lottora known .by tho title of ^?fclCtiriyera, in greater profusion titan ever H:!s recovery from his alarming illness of Hfepr; Inspired apparently by the thought Hj'Workinj while it is yet day, for the night Wrath when' rip man can work.' , Mr. Ru'skin ^?bipnlilii'acd. two papers, in recent numbers Mjfctodmjwrai-y Review, in one' of which jHjlfMnates against 'naury,'- not meaning HU| anything personal to tho.'ahixty per ?kf fraternity, but interest of any kind or Hro even 'the sweet simplicity of the ^wp'cjnts.,' and in a manner; that .'Tight ?HbT Conservatives consider sheer Com ^?t In the other article, the clergy of tho ^?j&f; Kujland— to whom it fa personally ^?fed-aro greatly scandalised by being Wfcly that they do not teach tho gospel Mf(!it,but mako things pleasant and ' cn Hf'? si) the iniquity of the world and its Wooing by preaching away tho penalties of ?V^W with a profound. knowledge of H^ra by hia Scottish parents, afterwards ?Piiiin; at Christ Church, Oxford, with ?fat distinction, a Greet scholar of no ordi ?W.Jthinmenta, and of the widest culture, H£R»ikin is a dangerous antagonist in Scrip ?PUoiowledge to any narrow sectarian ; and ?'Wtjmoral character, deep piety-though ?5^ ,!'*. of tho conventional ordor— and ?PmWe genius always' ensuro immenso ?S . .Wi''»k usual ability, and graphic ? J»pmung, he makes out a very strong case ?^ .instance, and 'is position, in Bomo KTi ' absolutely impregnable, if wo ?««J 'accept the teaching of Christ as our K.k VWa ?hochau«ngMjthp clergy and the ? Wttch of.Uduqp. to.prpve 'that usury or WtJ7a not atsolutoly i forbidden. by the ?Jgw. Tho Bishop of Manchester,' Dr, ?O°D00f ftemosthardwbrk'ihg and Iarge ISr* ^be Episcopal b'ench, ventures' Ife* f .C°Of the P««=«-:e.:without, how ?nS ^D81BnytUDS°f M'-Kuskin'Bgra.p. ?IT'41 l0r0- Dr- ^«or nrgea his: ?«,?£'. ™y fa% Put. 'Vl All my' ?5r?-,tMlth ^for^t itl I bJtcC I? a duty' wbUo ««deavoring I* aSd56 ttn-argm on the right i^lnCT010011'0 cumulated,. And ? fluSiT Western Railway Com' I ? H^f Jss?e **«taw 'toot bear If I(*Bt \S? ^conceivable wrong ? *? '*W$iw!?2r how Oli- I thwarting l^'»W,ajd t',1 l6t ''» company havf I S»» for it,? etn. recolv^ne *«» tnam I ?* W«» ft»u^8 ot ll over ^n~ » Well, l^te^1' t» thouSands of m MUywawlTOthatabl.h6pattfio ? ' ? ' ? ' ? -»-*»-? irnot iiw^u juaj court of the third Richard might have paused m reply to a too curious layman's question of what was meant by 'murder' ; and also conceive. a bishop at the court of the aecend Charles neaitating nt tho significance of tho word adultery ;' and further, in the present climac toric of tho British constitution, an elder of the Church of Glasgow debating within himself Whether tho commandment which was severely prohibitory of theft might not be mildly per missive of misappropriation.' Mr. Ruskin then proceeds to scold tho bishop in 'educated -Billingsgate' of tho most approved type, and ends by knocking him down— mentally— and sitting on him. What wonder tho poor bishop does not return to tho conflict, which thus so farends. 'But,' says Mr. Ruskin, 'this strange question being asked, I give its Bimple and broad answer in the worda of Christ : ' The taking up that thou Iaye3t not down ;' or, in oxplained and literal terms, usury is any money paid, or.othoradvautago given for tho loan of anything which ia restored to its possessor uninjured and undiminished.' ' Without at tempting to disguise tho narrownesa of tho horizon, grasped by tho glance of tho Lord from Sinai, nor tho inconvenience of the com mandments which Christ ha3 directed thoae who love him to keep, am I too troublesome or too exigent in asking from ono of thoao whom tho Holy Ghost has made our overseers, at least a distinct chart of tho Old World, as contemplated by the Almighty, and a clear definition of oven the inappropriate tenor of the orders of Christ.' Bishop Frazer contends that the Lord's pre cept about 'lcniiin^, hoping for nothing again,' was intended simpiy to govern a Christian man's conduct to tho poo? and needy, and ' such as have no helper,' and cannot be construed into a general law deter mining for ever, and in all cases, tho legitimate use of capital ; to which Mr. Ruskin retorts, ' that although llio Bishop's conception of tho Good Shophcrd may indeed bo less that of ono who lays down his life for his sheep, than of ono who takes up his money for them, tho passages of our Master's instructions, of which tho meaning is not implicit but explicit, aro perhaps those which His simpler disciples will be safer in following, of which I find early in His teaching, this, utmost aa it were in worda of one syllable : ' Give to Him that asketh thco, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away.1 Usury, in any degree, is asserted by tho doctors of tho early Church to bo sinful, just a3 thoft and adultery are asserted to be sinful. But a little while sinco I heard an entirely well-meaning clergyman, taken by. surpriso iu the course of family worship in the house of a wealthy friend; and finding himsolf under tho painful necessity of reading tho fifteenth Psalm, omit tho first son tonco of tho closing verse. I chanced after wards to have an opportunity of asking him why ho had done so, and received, for answer that the lowliness of Christian attainment was not yet 'up' to that verge. These dolieato adjustments of the balance by which wo strivo to woigh to a grain the relative quantities of devotion which wo may render in tho service of Mammon and of God are wholly of recent invention and application, nor have tho slightest bearing either on the spiritual pur port of the final commandmont of tho Deca logue, or on the distinctness of the subsequent prohibition of practical usury.' Tho term ' remunerative employment,' used by J)r. Frazer. rouses Mr. Riwkiu's ire. 'I :cin not easily express tho astonishment,'1 ho says, ' with which I find a man of your lordship's intelligence taking up tho common phrase of 'giving employment,' as if indeed labor were tho best gift which tho rich could bestow on tho poor. : Of course every idle vagabond, bo bo rich or poor, ' gives employment' to some othorwiso enough-burdened wretch, to provide his dinner and clothos for him ; and evory vicious vaga bond, in tho destructive power of his vice, gives sorrowful occupation to tho ? energies of re storing and renovating virtue. The idlo child who litters its nursery and tears its frock gives employment to the housemaid and sempstress; tho idle woman who litters her drawirigroom with trinkets, and is ashamed to bo scon twice in tho same dress, is, in your Lordship's view, tho oulightonbd supporter of the arta: and manufactures of hor country.' ? Further, ho: says, 'My temper and my courtesy 8carcoly servo me, my lord, to reply- to your assertion of tho 'inevitableness' that, whilo half of Groat Britain is laid out . in* hunting 'grounds' for'ftport more Bavago1 than the' Indiana, tho; poor of our cities must bo swept into inbesttious heaps, or -into '* dens 'and caves, whioh aro' only tombadiaqmetod, so changing the white-' ness of Jewish sopiilchres into the blackness of Christian onea, in which tho hearts of tho rich and the homos of the poor aro alike as graves ' that appear hot ; only their murmur, that sayeth 'it is not ?' enough,' sounds deeper be neath us evory honr.' A splendid trade, moro mills, frequent changes 'into even finer dwelling?, Iu'xnriou8 living, ostentation, extra vaganco/incroiialng year by year, -all, .as it, ap- pears, made possible by usury. Such ia- the' picture' drawn with the unsparing hand of a master. 'These aro thy glorious works, Mammon, parent of Good, and: this tho true debate, my Lord of Manchester, between the two angels of your Church— whether tho 'Dreamland' of its Boula ;be now, or 'here- after,— now, the ' firelight of the cave; or hereafter,, the sunlight of Heaven.' . ; But, perhaps, tho hardost thing of -all is tho conclusion, in which Mr. KuakhV quotes the creator part ot a sermon against usury of Bishop Jewell (A.D. 1522-1571), one of the greatest men the annals 0^ the Chnroh of England oan produce. It is almost pa thetio in its oloquont earnestness, in its ' passionate pleading and ita uncompromising denunciation of usury or interest of any bind. Mr. Ruskin himself can go no farther ! Suoh an attack on the Bacrcd: rights of- pro perty has, of course, exposed Mr. Raskin to all kinds of animadversion. If he be mad, there in, however, mnoh method in hia madness, and the strange thing is that he practises what ho preaches, and exemplifies in hia own' career tho principles ho teaches, or would leach. In heriting from his father £157,000, beside con siderablo property, he has, during his lifetime, denuded himsolf of by far tho greater part of it, andnot only that, his lifo has been one of unremitting labor, reminding ua of Mrs, Browning's words in ' Aurora Leigh' :— No porfect manners without Christian aouis, The Christ himsoll had boon no Lawgiver Unless Ho had given tho lifo too with tho law. Thero is really — much as it has been other wise assorted — nothing contradictory in his teaching, and if we cannot always under stand it wo Bhould Buspect ourselves, not him. It may be that our hearts are not attuned like hia to 'the Btill sad musio of humanity,' which makea it ' hard to understand.' But tho teaching of Christ ia tho light that- Bhino3 steadily through all his writings, and irradiates all his teaching with a wisdom not of this world. But, it may bo feared the voice of this ninoteo'nth century St. I Francis, who has chosen poverty for hia bride, ! ia as tho voice of one crying in tho wilderness, i In an ago devoted to mammon-worship and ! temporal ' getting on,' people listen, and pass %. Poverty, tho bride of St. Francia, has been painted clothed in coarse garments, with her feet torn and bleeding, but with a crown of light and roses on hor head. To tho greater part' of mankind it iB a fancy picture, all but the coarse garments, and the bleeding feot ; as for the crown, t!)-vy neither seo it, nor believe it can be there. To lay up treasures for tho futuro, to say to tho soul, ' Thou h?3t much goods laid up ;' to feol that to-morrow's uFCS'.l neither depends on th.o labor of to-morrow — nor on ' man's charity, nor on God's' bounty — such is the desire of all mon. And Poverty meanwhile goo3 her pilgrimage, treading the stony roads men mako about their palaces ; passing tho temples where tho great go:l Self ta!:e3 tithe3 and offerings ; smiling now and then in pity, for the royal diadem is indeed upon hor head, and the picture is a, true one. t 