glenitdra & cata ~tlild1iid YUllIBHID EERtI atIIIAl. * E. IC?E.45t4 t." FRIDAY, Bun SEPTEMBER. IT is understood that the Ministry in tend to proceed with railway works in one or two directions without waiting for the ent;re scheme to be submitted, this course being proposed as a means of inmnediatoly absorbing a number of the unemployed, to affect which has been the difficulty of each Ministry in succession, and the ghost that must be laid by some mienis. The mere intimation of railway construction being likely to be dealt with has roused some scores of localities into a state of local excitement, each deeming itself to be the one most entitled to the favorable preference of the Government. But of all the number of proposed and promised lines it cmniot be denied the Upper (ioulburn district has the strong est and fairest claim for being the one if there. were only one-sehlected for inturediate constructin. . itr manyriy years past we have urlged ittentiotl to our statistics, and have coilmpelled the admissiion t.hat our facts and tigtr.re placeourclilNs farinadn atrrlceof lnmnylin? ing erninparatively little towarirant rivalry. (Infliippily munly what may be termed pllitical lines have been cor truceted Ithat li not, nor never will, pay their working expenses, but were only' conceded to pressure which could notI be withstood, un~l the fear now exists linth similar araiin.a :ry I revail in getting precedence to lin?,i ,f railway of a similar descrip tion. It is fortunate for the claiims we put forth for consideration that the more the merits are looked into, and statistics examined, the stronger our position becomes. Invesgatigtion is courted as a favor, and if such formed the basis alone in governing a decision on the works to be first undertaken, we should have no apprehension as to the result. But this is not the way such mnttlrs are governed, and is is well established that without constant agitation, and a determination by ihoso interested to hieep the clirm under perpetual notice, and never allow it to' slumber, there is little chance of agitation permits of inferior claims receiv ing attenltion, and it is, therefore, with. great pleasure that. we note the move operate with the loiruns uf Mansfield, Yea, and HIolqua in sE(.kilg an inter view with the llinister of Railways at an early date. Each council appeara to vie with cacl other in the desire to do its duty to.the ratepayers it represents, and whose interests are so deeply in volved in the sutccss of the endeavor to obtain railway comnnunication. We heartily trust the deputation will meet with that favourable reception which the merits of the case demands.. 