The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XLI. BY "DRAMINGO." The fourth day came, but not a breath of air, And ocean slumbered like an unweaned child ; The fifth day and their boat lay floating there ; The sea and sky were blue and clear and mild. The wind having fallen greatly and the sea subsided, the occupants of the raft would— if they had been in a boat—have felt some con fidence in getting to land ; but situated as they were none of them were particularly sanguine. The only thing to be done was to put a bold face on the matter, and try and bully Fate into being kind to them. It was a dismal prospect, and their position was rendered worse by the presence of the helpless women amongst them. Towards noon the clouds broke a little; once or twice they had a glimpse of the sun, and at sundown the sky cleared entirely and the night was cloud less and rather cold. It was a terrible night. They had exhausted all schemes and plans and now had almost abandoned themselves to utter despair. About 2 o'olock in the morning Nevil fell into a half sleeping state that was neither conscious ness nor unconsciousness. He knew that he was still on the raft, but only in a half stupid way that made it seem more as if he was reading of the adventure in a book than actually experi encing it. What he was really dreaming he could not afterwards recall, but mixed up with it were recollections of the steamer they had lately left, and through the mists of his dozing senses he heard the ship's bell strike the time clearly and distinctly. Just then he felt himself grasped by the arm, and, awakening to the position, found that Mrs. Bloomington had aroused him. " Did your hear it ?" she said excitedly. " What ?" he asked. " The bell! quite close to us; just over there;" and she pointed to the eastward. The exclamation, chiming in with his dream, startled him and made him believe her ; and he strained his eyes looking in the indicated direc tion, but could see nothing: only black darkness. Everybody was now looking excitedly in the quarter pointed out, and the chief officer at last called out that he could see a light, whenever they rose on the top of a swell. After long watching, they made out for certain that it was a ship's mast-head light, and the probability was that it was a steamer. If so she would be out of sight before daylight, and they would never be seen. In fact she seemed to have passed them and to be leaving them even then, as after a short interval the light was no longer visible. When daylight dawned once more, there was nothing in sight. Death now put in an appearance amongst them : one of the lady passengers died that day, and the body had to be thrown into the sea. It was now quite calm, and the sun was fierce and powerful in the extreme. Their small supply of water was insufficient to satisfy them, and the irritation caused by wearing their clothes saturated with salt water made them all slightly delirious ; the captain especially suffering from the pain of his broken arm. Just before sun down on this the third day, they sighted a sail ; but that was all—she did not see them. That night the stewardess died, and the captain, whose arm was excessively inflamed, became almost mad, and raved incessantly. Once more the sun rose on them, almost foodless, waterless, and ex hausted with anxiety and want of sleep. The captain died about noon : mortification set in, and his end was peaceful. Then the survivors looked one another in the face and bade each other good-bye, for they gave up all hope. Slowly and silently the hours dragged on : the sea was as smooth and untroubled as some still lagoon hundreds of miles inland ; overhead the sun was bright and cheerful and the sky clear and cloudless, and on the raft the few survivors were listlessly waiting for death. He came too slowly for some of them: one of the pas sengers suddenly sprang up, and, casting a look around as though bidding the world farewell, jumped into the sea. He rose once, but went down again immediately, and they saw him no more. Nevil, who had taken his place by the side of Mrs. Bloomington, would have attempted to drag the unhappy maniac back, but, as his companion was lying helpless and almost unconscious in his arms, he could not free himself in time to execute the intention. One of the others was about to follow the suicide's example, but the chief officer, a hardy determined fellow, caught him, and threatened to tie him down if he did not remain quiet. So that day came to a close, and the next morning there were only five survivors. Mrs. Bloomington was still alive but very faint and weak although quite conscious. The next day dawned with promise of rain ; one more of their number had gone over to the great majority during the night; and now there were only four, to look at each other, and wait, and despair. The mate peered anxiously round as the light grew strong, but nothing was in sight ; only towards the south he drew Nevil's attention to a faint-looking cloud, that looked something like the smoke of a steamer. A rain squall came up about 10, and afforded them some relief ; but it appeared to be only a prolongation of suffering ; they seemed to have got entirely out of the track of the coasting steamers ; nothing for it but a lingering death. Nevil, in spite of his own suffering, could not help looking with acute pity on the woman who in this supreme moment still clung to him, and seemed to think that death was no such hardship, shared thus. Powerless and impotent to save, he could only strive by kind words and caresses to soothe her last moments, and make her forget tho horrors of their surroundings. A gaunt and fearful look ing crew they were, and each one saw in his com panion's emaciated appearance a reflection of his own condition. And the raft floated almost motion leas on the still sea, and round about the fins of sharks appeared at times above the smooth surface. That day was one that Nevil if he were to live through eternity would never forget. The calm dead sea, the wasted famine-stricken forms around him, and the relentless sun o'erhead. He had faced death often before, but it had been where a man had been able to make a struggle for it, and not compelled to sit idly and wait for death or succour. This was the thought that maddened both him and the bold fellow at his side. " I don't know whether that fellow who jumped overboard was not the wisest after all," said the mate. " It's tempting certainly," replied Nevil, " but having held out so long we may as well suffer to the end." "My God I if I only had a piece of tobacco I wouldn't mind so much," exclaimed the mate, so earnestly that in spite of all Nevil could not repress a laugh. The other nudged his arm ; " They're waiting for us," he said with a ghastly attempt at a smile, pointing at the fins of two or three sharks not a hundred yards away. " Hush !" returned Nevil, fearful that the words might reach other ears than his. " I forgot," replied the mate ; " I think l am going off my head a little ; I keep fancying all sorts of queer things. Sometimes I could almost swear that I saw a ship close to us." " I've felt that way for some time," said Nevil; " it's faintness from want of food; make up your mind not to give way and it will be all right." They were silent for some time after this con versation. The only other survivor, one of the sailors, was lying helplessly on the spars, without speaking. " A bit of a squall over there," the mate said at last pointing in the direction where a dark cloud was gathering ; "we may possiby get it" "It looks like something underneath the cloud," remarked Nevil after gazing earnestly for some time. The mate shaded his eyes. "By Jove, I believe you're right, but it's thickening so quick just there that I've lost it again ; when it clears we shall see for certain." So the raft lay idly there, with its half-dead freight, and the hungry sharks waiting around ; and Nevil and his comrade watched the far-off dark patch of rain that had covered the object they thought they saw : watched for the cloud to pass ; for there, they knew and felt, rested their last their only hope. CHAPTER XLII "MAGGIE'S SECRET." At my time of life, when I get in a nicely contemplative mood and sit on the back of a chair digesting a good meal, I always find my self dwelling more upon the past than the future. I often fall into the common error of thinking that had I my life to live over again I should make much more of it. I often hear you men make the same remark ; and when I reflect about it I cannot help being impressed with its rank absurdity. Of course the first step to the right or left that we made would put us amongst such an entirely different set of circumstances that all our vaunted experience would be of no avail, and we should blunder along just in the old happy-go-lucky style. We needs must fancy that we are wiser when we reach the end of life's journey than when we set out, but I doubt if we are in reality ; we conceal our folly better per haps, but it's there all the same. Fact is that, looking at life from the outside standpoint that my position as a bird affords, it really seems that we do nothing but run around asking somebody to make fools of us. i wonder what sort of a woman little Ada will grow up ; I have taken charge of her : I am disgusted with Clara, and show my displeasure in a marked manner. I never take my meals from her now ; I let Ada feed me instead. I can see that Clara feels my displeasure too, and I intend that she shall. What does she mean by flirting with Blount ? And yet it's not flirting altogether; it's more as if they liked one another's society because they had thoughts and feelings in common. But Blount should be worldly-wise enough to know that all that is nonsense : this sort of friendship cannot exist between men and women : they start splendidly under the most favorable and favoring winds, and then one or other of the people interested tries to make the interestt warmer, and the natural consequence is disappointment. No, the only relationship possible between men and women is that of open hostility ; stick to that and you're safe. Should I be so much respected and generally looked up to if I did not preserve a consistently defiant attitude towards the world ? I have not heard of any open and serious quarrel between Mr. and Mrs. Bantam as yet, so if any struggle for mastery has taken place it has been conducted on principles of the strictest secrecy, and no marks of the combat are visible. Meanwhile we are going slowly along as usual, and now that I have the care of Ada on my hands I find I have quite enough to do at my time of life. l am going to show Ada my savings before I die; and I trust she will employ the money to advantage. I had intended them for Clara, but circumstances have so altered that I feel myself quite absolved now. I had some thought of going back with James when he returned North ; I have a longing to pass my last days on a station once more: I can think of all manner of nice ways in which I could make myself supremely disagreeable and render my name a terror and a by-word. How ever, I suppose I must submit to necessity and let myself be buried amongst my own people. There was a rumour about some survivors of the wreck of the Kishna being picked up, and taken to California or some outlandish place (my geography ias not very good). Somebody said he saw a telegram in a Sydney newspaper ; but we never got to the bottom of it, and as nothing more transpired I suppose we may put it down as a rumour only. Clara is looking nearly as well as ever, and has taken to singing sometimes again ; as I said before we are very distant, and I confine myself principally to Ada ; excepting when I go up to see old Mrs. Danten, who lives almost entirely in her room now. Blount does not display any hurry to go back to the station ; I can't think what he wants to dawdle his time away like that; I wouldn't do it if I was a man. I was sitting with Ada the other day ; she was reading to me about a little girl named Alice who went through some uncommonly interesting ad ventures in a country called Wonderland. I should like to live there ; it seems a better managed place than this world. Well! she was reading in a low tone to herself, or rather to me ; for I was sitting on the arm of her chair, watching her through half-shut eyes (she is growing up a very pretty little girl, and will do me credit I am sure). Everybody was out excepting the old lady upstairs, and I was in charge of the house. Suddenly I was aware that there was a strange dog in the garden. Now this was very annoy ing, for I had hidden some of my dinner amongst the verbenas, and this cur was sniffing about close to them. I flew after him, and soon made him go out quicker than he came in. Then I went back, and Ada was gone ; so being left alone I made myself comfortable, and went to sleep, only to be awakened by two people talking. How heavily I must sleep now! at one time anything would rouse me; now Clara had actually come home with out my hearing her, and Blount was stand ing talking to her in the drawing-room. What they had been saying before I woke up I don't know, but their position when I looked in at them forcibly reminded me of another scene I once witnessed when I came back from my holiday. Whether Blount was asking the same question that was asked then I don't know, but it appeared very much like it. Clara looked down at the ground, and blushed, and at last I heard her say in a very still small voice, "Will you tell me in a week?" and Blount seemed tolerably well satisfied, as he answered " yes," and shortly took his departure. Now I don't approve of this at all; I intend to put a stop on these proceedings somehow, but I must confess I don't exactly see how. How ever I'll be on hand at the end of the week, trust me. I was there ; I saw it all ; and it was just what I expected. " Yes!" that was the answer, and the question was I suppose the same old hack neyed one. I was standing in the verandah watching them, trying to hear what they were saying, and wondering whether I should not make a desperate onslaught on the pair of them, when a board creaked behind me, and I turned and nearly jumped out of my skin with fright, for there stood a ghost. Yes, a ghost in broad daylight, the ghost of David Nevil! I had not any voice left to call out; I could only stare at the apparition. Then I thought of my prayers, and wondered whether I was going to die ; when a thought struck me. Perhaps it wasn't a ghost at all ; a ghost would not have walked on tiptoe like this substantial spirit was doing. Then I saw the situation. He was going to surprise Clara ; it was no ghost. " Wait a minute, old man," I thought; "you'll be the surprised one." He need not have gone softly to the open French light; they were too occupied to notice him and he peeped in expecting no doubt to see —anything but what he saw. I don't think he stood there ten seconds ; then he stole off as gently as he had come, and left the house un noticed. And Clara and Blount were in blissful unconsciousness of their audience, and I was the only one who knew that Nevil was not drowned but alive and well as ever. Now I think I was defrauded of a good scene. I consider that he should have shown himself, and he and Blount could have had a duel on the hearth-rug, and there would have been any amount of excitement and romance ; and now ! he's just gone quietly away, and will write a polite note to Jack informing him of his resur rection I suppose. This is a hollow world ! When Jack came home, he had about the most puzzled look on his face that I ever saw a man wear. First he looked all about the room, as if he expected a burglar was concealed in it: he stared curiously at his sister, till she got the color of pink blotting paper ; and at last he said in a tone of surprise, " Where is he ?" Blount looked at Clara wonderingly, and she laughed and said, " What do you mean Jack! explain yourself." " Why, Nevil of course ; he left me to come here about an hour ago." Poor Clara ! when I saw how white she turned my heart went back to her at once, and I felt really and truly sorry. Blount spoke first : " Do you mean that Nevil has come back ; that he is alive ?"' " Alive ! yes : I tell you he left me only an hour ago to come here : what can have become of him '." "How was he saved?" asked Blount. Clara never spoke. " Four of them were picked up by a steamer bound from Sydney to Panama." " And why could he not telegraph ?" said Blount, with a touch of anger in his voice. " He did not say." " Was poor Mrs. Bloomington drowned ?" said Clara, speaking for the first time. " No ! Mrs. Blooinington was one of the four saved." Strange to say, Clara looked brighter after this information. " Where is she ?" she asked eagerly. "In San Francisco at present. Nevil promised to take Ada out to her if the child had escaped, which he did not know before." "Strange that he never telegraphed," said Blount again. " Strange that he never came here," returned Jack : " I can't make it out." Clara rose just then, and was about to leave the room, but she seemed faint, and Jack had to put his arm round her to support her. I knew the reason ; but Jack put it down to quite another cause, and when he returned his brow was as black as possible, " I'll go and look him up," he said, " will you come ?" Blount nodded, and they went out together ; and I was alone with my thoughts : and rather mixed ones they were. Strange to say, my main idea was that Clara was very ill-used. Blount was right: what business had a man to let all his friends think him dead, and then come turning up in this romantic manner and expecting to find everybody in mourning for him ? It was not at all fair; and as Master Nevil chose to play the part of Enoch Arden he had no business to be disappointed in the result; it was only what he might have reckoned on. Jack and Blount did not come back until dinner had been waiting some time ; and a very uncomfortable meal it was. They had seen nothing of Nevil; so I gathered from their con versation ; and everybody seemed in a particularly bad temper; Ada too had heard of this arrival and helped matters by pestering everybody with questions. What a wonderful thing time is ! a few short months ago and Nevil's appearance would have turned everybody's head with joy ; and now he's put everything out by turning up again. I suppose Blount and Jack had some sort of understanding that night, for Jack seemed very much annoyed, and inclined to be rather grave with Clara. The next morning Jack got a long letter which I suppose afforded some explanation of Nevil's conduct, but if so he never imparted the information to anybody else. I had just pecked the Bouncer's eldest child, a boy about three years old, with delicious legs. The bites I have given that youth have become landmarks in my life, pleasant little remem brances to think over when I am sulky and dis contented. Well, I had just sent him howling in to his mother when somebody said, "Old Maggie ! at it as usual." I couldn't speak and say " You seem to be very familiar with me ;" but I looked it; for I did not know the speaker at all; but at last it dawned upon me that it was the man called Armstrong; he was with Jack— I must be really be getting very deaf, that I can't hear people coming now. " Did you see my brother as you came in ?" Jack was saying. " Yes ; he's greatly altered, and for the better, if you'll pardon my saying so." " I quite agree with you," returned Jack laugh ing ; " there was room for improvement" They went inside then, and I heard no more ; in fact that boy's squalling was enough to deafen anybody. Certainly I made him cry, but it was not bad enough to make such a yelling over. It's four years since Nevil turned up, and dis appeared in that mysterious manner. And what has happened during those four years? Well, a great many things. First, as you may guess, Jack is now a married man, and his wife was a widow when we first knew her. There's a young lady in the drawing-room at the present moment trying to still the shrieks of that urchin, the eldest hope of the Bantam family. Pretty girl, isn't she? I feel proud of her; that's the second girl I consider I can take credit to myself for properly training. I think her almost equal to Clara; and if I don't quite, why, it is because, you see Clara and I were young together, and of course nobody can ever take her place in my affections. But Ada has grown up a very nice girl, and she's just as strange and fanciful as ever, and although arrived at the mature age of seventeen she is not above talking to an old magpie. And if in point of fact she may not get any very useful or edifying conver sation from me, at anyrate I'm a splendid listener, and that is a very useful talent. Yes, Ada has quite fulfilled my expectations, and I do not at all begrudge the little trouble I have bestowed on her at various times. I only regret that I shall not live to see her a woman. And her cousin, Mrs. Bloomington? She's buried in San Francisco. She never fully re covered her sufferings on the wreck, and when Nevil and Ada reached San Francisco it was only to find her dying. I know the story, for I've heard Ada tell it to Clara so often; and Clara seems never tired of hearing it. Why ? I wonder. Why should she like to hear of his tender care and solicitude for another woman, and that woman a rival ? Only that she is one girl in ten thousand. But, let that be as it will, Ada tells the story with tears in her eyes as though her cousin had been a loving mother to her all her life, instead of an indifferent guardian. Yes, she died very quietly and peacefully, holding Nevil's hand to the last. Peace be with her ! I say. And now I come to the great mistake of my life : whenever I see Clara and think of it I feel inclined to grovel in the dust and cast ashes on my head to think that I should have mistaken her so ; I write myself down ass at once. I, who ought to have known her, actually accused her of forgetting Nevil and lending her ear to his friend. Fortunately it's some balm to my wounded self esteem to think that Nevil was as great a fool as I was, and went near to ruining his happiness in life by it. Blount knew all about his rescue from the raft; Nevil had telegraphed to him from San Francisco, telling him, if the news of their being saved had not been made public, to keep it quiet, as he was going to surprise them aIl. Now Blount had taken a great liking to Clara, and was afraid that the surprise would be too much for her ; there fore he was preparing her for it, and was about to communicate it to her, when Master Nevil with a reprehensible love of mischief came up without sending Blount any notice, and popped in upon what I must confess, to any impartial spectator who was not behind the scenes, did look extremely like a little love story in three chapters. So he quietly went away by the same steamer that brought him up from Sydney, and wrote to Jack to send Ada down. In con sequence of this rash and absurd proceeding Blount had to go to America after him, and I hope Nevil felt ashamed of himself when he was found. However, Clara forgave him for doubting her ; I suppose she thought that there was some ex cuse, for just when Nevil looked in at the window Blount had given her a hint of the truth (which I believe she had suspected for some time), and in her eagerness she laid her hand on his arm and was looking up into his face in a very earnest mannerr, that by both of us—Nevil and me—was misinterpreted. Well, they are married now, and I live with them, and so does Ada; and, all things con sidered, we get on as well as can be expected. I trust that we don't fight and quarrel amongst ourselves more than most families do ; and that is saying a good deaL I wonder, now that my story is told, my secret chattered out, whether I shall find any thing more in life to interest me. I feel sorry that I am so old, for I have lived bo long amongst men and women that half my thoughts and feelings are identical with theirs. No ! this thing must be put a stop to ! That cat has been into the garden twice this morning, and Ada stood there looking at it, and never drove the creature away ; I can't stand it, I must assert myself for the last time. Here goes! Out you go! [THE END.] 