? THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday night at this place of amusement another piece well selected for that particular night of the week was produced ; still, there was not only a good pit and gallery audience, but a fair attendance in the dress circle and stalls. This proves that, whatever may be the nature of the pieces containing the characters which he most affects, the acting of Mr. Bland Holt has fonnd favour with all classes of theatre-goers. That it is for the most part very low comedy must be admitted, but at the same time it is the low comedy of a decidedly able actor, and the broadness exhibited is displayed because it is an attribute of the character represented and not simply in order to raise a laugh. The play selected for the occasion was Messrs. Pellett & Conquest's "great drama," in four acts, entitled " The Royal Pardon, or the House on the Cliff." This is quite as full of improbabilities as the drama of the previous Saturday night. The plot has already been given, so it is unnecessary to further refer to it. Mr. Bland Holt had the character of a very peculiar personage to play. First he was a drunken schoolmaster very much fonder of beer than of his scholastic duties, but who in spite of the fact of his being a broken-down inebriate, down at heel and out of elbow, so fascinates a young girl named Peggy that she promises to marry him if be will only turn sober and " do something worthy." He tells her he has been turned away from his school, and at the same time begs her to " stand a pint." She, however, draws the line at that. The schoolmaster, after witnessing a murder and receiving five years' transportation for tryiDg to clear an innocent man from the charge, follows out a resolve he made before his Peggy, and becomes a member of the theatrical profession very low down on tbe ladder. He does not seem to be a success on the boards, bnt doubtless joins the profession in order to be compelled to become a teetotaller, and this seems to have tbe very best result, for in the later scenes of the drama he is sobriety itself. Jacob Tatteragg, of whose rags and tatters Peggy becomes so enamoured, is very fond ef making quotations from Shakspeare and other poets, and mentioning tbe aathor at the end of each, which has an exceedingly funny effect. Mr. Bland Holt was very amusing as the old pedagogue, and brought down the house with a comic song, giving a popular description of the play of " Hamlet," while in his second character. He had to respond to an encore for the song. In tbe disguise of an old French gentleman he was also thoroughly effective. His make-up in each of the changes was excellent. The other characters were generally well played. In faot the piece was redeemed from failure by the general effectiveness of the company. Paal Markham, a boatman, who is tried for the mnrder of a sea csptain, wrongfully transported, and ih the end somewhat mysteriously made the subject of a royal pardon, was represented with judgment by Mr. Herbert Fleming. His wife—Helen Markham—who afterwards gets married to the real murderer, Joseph Miilbanke, afterwards Castleton, was personated by Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner, who did full justice to the character, while Miss Essie Jenyns was more than usually natural as Mrs. Markbam's daughter. Mr. Douglas assumed the role of Joseph Miilbanke, and played it with considerable ability. Miilbanke is shown to be a remarkably cool and calculating ruffian, who, however, is very weak at remembering faces, as proved by the length of time it takes to make sure that his wife's former husband has really turned up again, though informed of the fact by the man himself. Mr. Hans Phillips gave a very good rendering of the part of Harry Seafield, son of the murdered man, and barrUter-at-law, who is in love with Mrs. Markham's daughter. Mr. St. L^wrenc!* plajed Septimus Swindledown, described as " a young man who is more particular about mukiog money than about tbe means of making it," but showed his peculiarities so strongly as to suggest Mr. St. Lawrence a great deal more forcibly than anything else. This actor's peculiar way o moving about the stage and extraordinary laugh may do very well for the innocent Mr. Lamb in " New Babylon," but similar business hardly suits such a character as Swindledown. Peggy, a friend of the Markham family, who still remains a friend to them when Miilbanke marries Mrs. Markham, and gives her hand to Jacob Tatteragg over a lantern the moment after Miilbanke is shot in the last scene, was effectively represented by Miss Lena Edwin. Mr. Arthur Elliot made Captain Seafield the usual exceedingly loud stage sailor, but acted fairly well; and Mr. Neil O'Brien was natural in the Bmall part of Jonas Grimwood, a deformed boatman. Messrs. Forbes and Carle represented coastgnardsmen. Tbe scenery was much above the average, and the piece was very well mounted. The audience was quite enthusiastic, and Mr. Holt and several of the company were called for. The same bill will be given to-night. LECTTJBB AT THE PORT.— This evening the Rev. S. Green will deliver a humorous lecture in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, tbe proceeds of which are to be devoted towards St. Paul | Church, Port. THE AUSTRALIAN BLOMDIK.—The Australian Blondin and his trapeze companion will perform § posite the Crown Hotel this evening. CRICKET CLUB FOB ALBEKTON.—At a meeting held at Alberton on September 9 a Cricket Club was formed, to be called the Queen and Albert Cricket Club. Mr. W. Burge was elected captain, Mr. G. W. Burge vice-captain, Mr. J. E. Morpbett Secretary, and Mr. T. B ils Treasurer; committees were also formed, and the Secretary was instructed to write to several gentlemen, inviting them to fill the offices of Patron, President, and Vice-President. PBOFESSOB PEPPER'S LECTURES. — Owing doubtless to the wintry weather which prevailed there was not a large attendance at the Academy of Music on Saturday night, September 1), when Professor Pepper concluded his series ot scientific entertainmentp. -Having a Saturday night audience the Professor popularized his lecture and entertainment as much as possible, and therefore made the wonders of the oxyhydrogen microscope the chief attraction. He exhibited on the screen a variety of interesting objects in insect life enormous'y magnified, and explained their structure and uses in his usual lucid and happy style. Tbe second par; of the programme consisted of a grand diorami display of views of Afghanistan, embracing a large number of pictures illustrative of the war which has been carried on in that country by the British, down to the recent trinmph at Kandahar. Many of these views were remarkably good, being not only beautifully coloured and perfect in the perspective, but possessing a photographic distinctness which is rarely to be seen is dioramic exhibitions. They gave a capital idea of tbe moun tainous and picturesque character of the country and its warlike people, and were more calculated to instruct and impress the beholder with the magnitude of the work which England has undertaken in bringing the Afghans to sabmission than any amount of book-reading. The audience repeatedly testified their appreciation by outbursts of warm applause. Professor Pepper intends to go on a lecturing tour in tbe country for abont a fortnight, after whjrh he will return to Adelaide and give his famous ghost entertainment. COKCERT.—Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather there was a large attendance at tbe concert given on Saturday afternoon by Mr. Hermann Scbrader, R.A.L., in tbe Town Hall Exchange- room. Mr. Schrader, who has recently returned from his musieal studies on the Continent of Europe, has attained to considerable skill as a performer on the violin and its big brother tbe viola; but his forte is the piano, which instrument is entirely under his control. He was assisted on this occasion by Miss Minna Fischer, Messrs. Oelmann, Heuzenroeder, J. Hall, and Winterbottom. The programme contained selections from composers belonging almofct exclusively to the German school, from Bach to Schubert, and in every instance the performers were very warmly and deservedly applauded. Miss Fischer's rendering of the florid aria from " Der Freischutz," " Wie nahte mir der Schlummer" (Softly sighs the vcice of evening), was tasteful and faultless in execution, though apparently sung with considerable effort, the composition itself being such as to rather severely tax the powers of even tbe trained vocalist. Mr. Oelmann was in excellent voice, and rendered three or four of Schubert's tenor songs with an evident appreciation of the composer's design. We were particularly pleased with a very pretty melody, " Sei mir gegriisst" (I greet you), which Mr. Oelmann rendered with much expression and discriminating judgment. The Instrumentalists, whether " sole or responsive each to other's notes," were, for the most part, in fine form, though in two or three instances there appeared to be an unneit-SRarj- w tote of energy, without producing .u.y --ou.iut'nnurfcte effect. Rubinstein's sonata lYr ibi- H«joatid violin called forth the very skil- \- *-i auiiiulaliori ot Messrs. iieuzenroeder and Lirudv-r, Lut tbe result was disappointing, jv'ibitistein hs« the reputation of producing wcrks of very ant'jual merit. Judging from t first hearing we wen- not wry highly impressed with the above| soimtn. Though it oontsins st vera? passages of singular beauty and originality t here appears to be an absence of unity in its general scope and design. Its melodious strains are frequently broken or concealed by an undue preponderance of rugged elaborations, apparently introduced merely to try the manipulative skill of the performer. We were much better pleased with Mr. Schrader's interpretations of selections from Beethoven's Sonata in A major (Op. 2). The largo movement in particular was given with precision and expressiveness, and was, we think, the finest instrumental performance of the whole. We congratulate Mr. Schrader for his success. He IS ft man of considerable musical talent, and bids fair to rise to a high position in his profession. MB. HBNRT KBTTEK.—In order not to interfere with the attendance at the amateur dramatic entertainment to be given on Wednesday evening at tbe Academy of Music in aid of St. Paul's Day-schools, it has been arranged that Mr. Kettens first pianoforte recital take place until Thursday or Friday evemng. Seats which h.ve been taken for Wednesday can be secured for the opening night w during the season. We copy the following from the New York Daily Graphic of March 2,1880; " Henry Ketten, the eminent pianist and composer, is not quite thirty- two he having teen born at Baya, Hungary. March 25, 1848. His parents removed shortly after his Posen, where he first exhibited the gifts that caused Azevedo, tbe great Parisian critic, to declare him «a child of inspiration' He began his musical studies when only' five vears old, and eighteen monthfl later be gave his first concert. Soon after he went to Paris, where introductory letters from Lisz% Moscheles, and other German celebrities procured him admission to the Conservatoire, although be had not yet attained the age of ten years, which is required by the rules. He studied pianoforte- playing under Marmontet, and composing under Halevy. and made such rapid progress that two years after his fame was so high that Queen Victoria summoned him to Osborne. In 1862, when he was only fourteen, he revisited his native Hungary, and gave a series of fifty-two concerts in the principal cities. A nervous disorder brought him back to Paris, but did not induce bim to abstain from practising bis favourite art. In 1865 he made a tour of Holland, where he everywhere won the heartiest applause; and two years later, when he appeared at the Paris Exposition Universelle, his position as one of tie greatest musical performers of the age was fally established. After that he made tours of Germany, Austria, Russia, and Switzerland, and for three years he acted as the conductor of the orchestra at the Imperial Theatre at Constantinople, and as pianist in ordinary to Sultan Abdul Aziz. In 1870 he fell ill, and the theatre being burned in tbe same year, he resigned his positions and went to Italy, where, after the restoration of his health, he created quite a furore in Milan and in the other cities of the Peninsnla. The Khedive invited him to Cairo, where he played in the palace, and soon after returned to Paris. In 1877 he performed far six consecutive weeks in London, where he evoked sach enthusiasm as is seldom aroused in that capital. He is now writing an opera to be called ' Lea As pares,' which is to be brought out at the Paris Grand Opera-house. As a pianist he ranks among the very highest; and as a composor, those who have enjoyed the pleasure of listening to his^ works say tbat they show a rare degree of originality and power." 