ABITTEEGAIN. W«ar«».i*tnri«aflnlty existod. between the oocupaatsot two »cparato windows in one of adligy row of brick hotue» one exooptlon ally bot aummer act many years ago: it wu tbe more remarkable that these two people wen very unlike saoh other, being of opposite aaxes, tho one a griiiled, graft, grumpy bachelor on the wrung aidu ot fifty, tbe oiber a round, rosy, toluoklng maiden of ' aweet and twenty.' The man was evidently a foreigner, the woman an unmistakable Amerioaa, aad thsae two heada. framed bv Ihe ^mbnuuMa of tho separate windows, formed a strong oon trast. It was about four o'clock in the Utomoon, and both' of them were looking for the postman— the from her attic »in dow, he from Us scoond floor front. Taey bad been looking for the poitman over] day for a fortnight, and hoped deferred bad piled the cheek aad subdund the merriment or the maiden, while it deepened toe already rubicund colour and sharpened the already tcitty temperament of the man. Presently appeared in sight the brlak, dapper little postman in the grey uniform, with his bag atrappBd ovarbjhjbnulrtati atepping «loa»; froin nwufftonouao, aealiog joy aad sorrow, surpiiae, faar, eosUay, all tie emotions incident to poor hapless humanity, as he went But ha dealt nothing to tbe two' anxious watchers in the dingy brick row. Their beads simultaneously turned to watch ing corner. Tbe man (fiuntod out a bitter ejaculation, and slammed down the window? tho girl sighed, and with difficulty repressed a sob as she dosed the blind. Tbe next day at four o dock tbe same pantomime was enacted. Tbo same anilely, hope, fear, disappointment, were painted on the two fnoos. The girl brushed the tears bom her eyes, and put wearily back her hair. Aa the man, with bit usual expletive of disgust and dlsap. polntment, tugged at the blind, a puff ot wind blew the light ribbon from the hair of the girl straight down Into bis eyes, and fiom thenee to the floor of his room. Ho taw it at once. It lay upon the faded carpet almost under hia feet. His tint Impulse wu to tramp npun It as be marobed to and fro, growling at tbe bard luok tbat shut him up In this hot hole during the dog-days. Hia next impulso was to kiok ihu bauble aside j but it waa not of a klok able nature, and clung close to his feet. He stooped at last and took it from ths floor, and found it suspiciously damp. ??Shoe been anifnmg again,' be said. ' As tuna), she gets no letter, and cries i I get no letter, and I swear. I wonder which is the most consoling. And why in thunder don't she get her letter P She oan't bave any ratoally lawyers to deal with, that lie and cajole, and obeat and steal. She can't be waiting for a witness to oome from the other side of the world to testify in a oaso that ought to bave been settled btforo be wont to sea. I beliove it waa a conspiracy on tbe part of these infernal lawyers to dawdle along with the case, and not discover the exist ence of this Martin Malloy till he had shipped again, and was well out of their call. And now it appears tbat the fate of tbo suit depends upon the testimony of this fellow before the mast. At leaat five tboutand pounds of my money at this present moment Is at itako in the life of a miserable tailor far out at sea.' Here bis soliloquy wat interrupted by a light tip at tbe door. 'Come,' be growled, without turning bis head. He thought it ,waa hia landlady. Mm. Mataon, for whom he had no particular affeotion, or her rough-featured domestic, that be felt certain was shortening his life by her miserable oookery. But a gentle voice said, ' Did you want anything, sir P' And, turning, he beheld bis landlady's daughter. And bow in tbe world she oould bear tbat relation to tho fat, swarthy, ooarae, and commercial female who kept tbe house, this lodgor could not imagine. Her eyes were so toft and brown, so plead ing and innocent, frank aad oanfiding as a tittle child's, whereas her mother's were narrow and sharp, dishustfnl and cunning. The young girl flushed under tbii scrutinising gate, and aald, main, 'Ton didn't want anything, then, Mr. M'Gmw j Mother said you pounded on tbe floor.' ^'Founded I' said Mr. M'Grawt 'of course I pounded. If I don't got a letter eoqn. Til mike smithereens of some of this hone-hair furniture abont mo. If your mother has any regard for her aquint-eyed arjoeator over there, she'd bettor take him down aad put of the way. He's been following me about with, tbat damaged leer of bin for the last fortnight It's a mercy I haven't stabbed him through. the canvas. And, say,' he added, for the girl was faat vanishing out of his light aad she was. a wondront pleasant article to look upon in tbts gloomy old barrack— 'siy,''naid Mr. M'Grew. He wu still twirling the bit of bine ribbon in bis fingers, aad now held it ont to tbe young girl. 'It fell in ths window to-day as we were both looking for that oonfounded .postman. X hope we'll bave bettor luck tomorrow, Maggie.' 'I thonght sure we would to-day, sir,' said Maggie, blushing and *fcfriwg- ?' I had a irooa sign this morning.' 'What waa that, Maggie P' said Mr. M'Graw, still holding fail ?nd of the blue ribbon, 'Why, see, eir,' she- said, aad jwintod to the skirt of her drees. 'I put it on wrong side ont this morning, aad, never changed it, for Martin used to say it -was a sure sien of Bool luck.' ~ 'It bo happens that I am interested in that name.'1 ?! The one Fm looking for a letter from, sir. -The vessel was Ana -a month -ago ;' and bare ber voice broke; aad tbe -brown eyot filled with tears. ? 'A sailor with the name of Martin P' said Mr. M'Graw, with inoreased interest. 'WhatfslJi laatuame, ;Maggie»' 'Malloy, air— Martin JWloy.' 'God bleat my soul I' said Mr. M'Graw j 'this is a remarkable coincidence! Why, Maggie, thlsu the very man I'm waiting, to tot from. A heavy anm of my money ; depend* -npon tills friend of jours. I sup poseheuinore than a friend/ Maggie F' : ' We're promised to be married, tir, after, this voyage. He had a ohanoo of rialng to seoond matej and «h, Tin so sorry we waited 1' .«? So. am I.' *«H Mr. M'Graw. .'-If .^re zsif£iit ,haTetajpt/?nold*Oi Jbim xov'^n 'witneas, rand that would; have been the making: of many a tbousand ponnds for pee bur iates are Un-ed together, and/as ot)y one oTto jgjt^ ?iietiUMat, 'M ^.i «JlytrB,whirt,'fi5sie ''-3qt, At mmfMi samttminfl^aoTiiln. and' aw Jurju to flM^lud go— « til w^.j/PP .wlatf -wbeo Mur^n jwwwa* frmHrA isajin «mwi« Jnr :*nm rllntm mMUT. a,g4o4,ijmna. aom of it -aball go for, a *? jtf he only ioomes back f «aid Maggta, and went «ni As door, leaving the rltbpn still in tte,J)aad ot,jlg^jt-Otaw--- jinBpj^^Bv*, ^iHHipnvufl ??afl^naHr ^iMfly^s,' '**''? WP^ W - ' :.. .- ' : '?; 'A most nmaikublc colncldsno*!' b« repeated to himself. ' Tt)i« eccounti for the Internt I've taken In that girl from Ibe start A queer tank of destiny baa thfowo as together, and here we are botfa banging upon tba fate of this sailor. I don/t suppose he's worthy of her. No doubt bee a rough, common, abnsive brute i but he's young'— hero Mri M'Graw gam vent to a grunt that waa meant for a sigh— 'and, I support, after his low fashion, goodJooking.' Here Mr. M'Graw kicked over the ottoman ibat obttruoted bit way, put Ibe blue ribbon In bit veal Docket, drew a obair to tbe window, filled bb pipe, and looking out upon a triangu lar bit of tbe western sky, fell iuto a pro fouod reverie. Tbe neat morning Maggie wae at ber old sott at the attic window. Mr, M'Giaw was also rattling at his blinds j bnt h« looked fully as often np at Maggie as be did down the afreet for tbe postmen, and was quite jocular and smiling for a mtn ot hia nervous temperament ' Any more signs, Maggie f ' he aaid, almost dislocating fait nook to get a good lookathnrpriUyiae*. Maggie shock her head, aad smiled mournfully. ?? I dreamed ot white hones, sir, and mother aays it's a bad sign.' ' Your mother is always a f— ' Hora the postmen stopped at the door, and nobody will ever know whether Mr. M'Graw meant to call bis landlady a fine woman or a, fool, for all further oonvor ration wai stopped by tho musing of the long looked- for letters. Thero was one for Maggie, and one for Mr. M'Graw. Maggie bad run down to the door, taken bot£ letters, and fled upstairs again. Her nana wu trembling and cold as she put the letter In Mr. JJaroVs hand. ' 'Itn afraid 'to opon mlno,' she said} 'It's in a strange handwriting.' Mr. M'Graw watched her disappear, tnon torq open his own envelope without a trowour. At tho first sentence, honover, Mr. M'Umw started, and put bis spectacles firmer upon his'noBO, and by the time ho bad read the missive half tluough, his fnoo bad become the index of many conflicting emotions. All at onoo them was a heavy thump upon the floor of the loom above. 'My tiodl' said Mr. M'Oraw, 'eho'e got tho news already.' And, rushing out of tho loom and up tho stairs ai fast as hit rather gouty legs oould carry him, ho saw tho poor girl strotched lifeless upon bUQ IIVWi U1U MKU 1UVMJL U*UUJ|riUU Ul UW hand. Tben ho pounded In right good earnest, and, being a man of action, bad proper reitorotivea used, a doctor brought, ana, alter a time poor Maggio wearily oponad her eyes. TbomomontthosawMr. M'Graw sho screamed and fainted again. ' I'm a bitlor remlndor of ber loss,' said Mr. M'Graw. The doctor and Maggie's mother looked at him inquir ingly, wondering bow Mr. M'Graw could remind Magirio ot tbo drowning of her lover. But Mr. M'Graw did not explain I he merely stepped aside wbon Maggie opened her eyes again. After her first long, sobbing breath, her first words were for Mr. M'Qraw. 'Where is heP' she ssid. 'Let him come to me. He baa lot't his money, and I have lost—' Ilore tho word' froio on her lips, and sho held out her hsndt to Mr. M'Graw, wbo bod rraohed tbe couch upon which ibey had iiitea ua: one put ner arms auout his neck, and gobbed thero like a little child. Mr. M'Graw bad lived a lonely baohelnr't lire | hit kith and kin were faraway, Tbl- was a new experience for him— new and strangely sweet. For yeara and years tbe fragrant broath cf a woman had not touohed his lips. His eyes were wet and blurred i a qoo-r oboking sonaation arose In his throat i bit voioo was butky at he bluited out lomo consoling words. ' He con never come back to tpctk fur you,' said poor Muggle. ' You haw loat all your money. I'm very carry for you, Mr. M-Giaw.' She meant she was sorry for horeeif, but tbo poor child craved companionship in her grief. Heaven knows she got it from Mr. M'Graw. From thin time ont ho became devoted to the duty of aisnimlng tbe grief of the bereaved girl. He flllod bU pockets with bonbons, and ribbons, and the various gewgaws he thought would soften the affliction of a girl ot twenty, and fall log with those, sought to dlstraot her by ankstlngt . to parks and promenades and shows, and findlag these wire cktaatelul to ber, at bit ?/(tided to her desire to go down to the Wharves when' tbi big abipt lay. Ben they ipent hour after hour, Mr. M'Graw eontept to bold one of ber htndt in bit while the other lay idly in ber lap, and her eyes went willfully wandering out over tbe water, till tbe shadows grew longer and longer, and tbe day wai done. Thin bsr would lay, gently, ?' Oome, Maggie,' and sbs would obey in a sweet, dutiful fashion, lifting her face to bis, loll of come sort of affection _he didn't atop to oontlder what II was; but Maggii kniw that Shi owed tbii lnxury ot melancholy entirely to Mr. M'Graw. He bad coaxed 'hex mother into giving over Maggie's ordinary drudgery into other beadi, to that she «ould bave the comfort of nurs ing bit grist under the auspices cf Mr. M'Graw. His landlady bad, indssd, needed very tittle psrsnaalon, and mil bis entreaties 'halC way. Mr. M'Graw found nothing distaitafulln this maternal BorWtnat baving for yean parried the thrusts and ealirinei of anxious mothers in behalf of tbelriwrtlonlsts daughter!) tbe more to as it forihtrid bis own iiapplnats, and rsndtrad him mot* and men comfortable as Urns wsntby. Now tin* the hot summer was gone, and tbe stormy winds of winter began to blow, the old brink lodgings were not ao gloomy. The obliquely rlstoned ancestor bad been taken from the wall i the hotiehair furni ture oovered with a gay ehintK i die rnsty grate waa,xub1-ed into a mUoand bright ness, and. therein the coals bUzedgener ously. Tberewai no itint in the maternal blcsslags*'«bowered upon this lodger, and Mr. M'Oraw, for the first time, appreciated his dealinga with a ooDmeroial womtn, who wm ^willing to spend mosey when there wu considerable to' be jaade by it This excellent woman even endeavoured to put an air of smartness into Maggie's ward robe, and garnished her cloak with a crimson -.trimming. Maggie wore tbe cloak, bat her face was aadly out of lce*plnr Witt the trtavogarmmt She had grown so much more subdued,, and so much elder In her manner and appearanoe, tiiat «r, M'Graw fait mote and more at cue la her sodety, and of tbe two be began to appear tbe brightest, and wore an air of briskness and vigonr tbat went tar to rna^e mp for bis mature yeans. Bis hwyendsolared that never, in Q» whole course of their oxperienoe, Bad they seen a man (posMsed with »uoh admirable philosophy. , . 'At least five thousand pounds swept away with this tmluoky sailor, aad M'Graw never aMnnnxs about it/' said one of tba tegal-gentiomen. , 'AdfRsltiy seems to soften Mm,' replied the other. -He iasn't caned anyboiSy «r aaytbing for ate months.' 'irM he don't seem crushed «r oldened tytteMow/* - ..,..,..;. ?. .... ' On the oonbary, b« gels younger every Which really was a4a«l. Happiness was an sxtrordinuy renovator to Mr. M'Gr»w, and tbe neighbours dteltrtd aladly tbat be aad Maggie looked very will ttftihrr. 'Ob, a Man ii always young If he's gui maans,' ihty added. At tbt months went by, it began to be genwallr coocsdid by all oosieintd thai Mr. MOraw was 'paying atwutlon' to. Maggie, and ths was trtttea with tbal rare eootwtraUou tbat bu good luck demanded. The only emlure that Mimed utterly: Ignorant of the iliuatlon was poor MauU' hersell, wbo bad ntfer for a momoot lur uuilen fair dead sailor, or ceased reviving1 ills memory to Mr. MOraw, who Istmud lha ouly one Ibat could fully tvmpalblti1 with bu and oonsoU bir. Piuddtd on bj ths enocnraginii blnlt andaUutloDS ol Urn) gill's motbsr, Mr. MKJrtw bad lodtavoureii to lnluse Into bis manner, ramethlng cf tb-! bctileg ol a lour, bat Mt(|U luvarlabl- tceeivid these adnsou wllb the gtntlr; giittltuls that had become a part ol ben natursj and Mr. M-Gtew lnsUntllv*lyeb»i.k 'Jtom anythlug that migblahoeli bar dvlioaey, or enitrange ber Irom elm. He tesoiviu to bids bis time, winning gradually all cl bar heart that was lilt iiom tun rolietiiou of lbs dead sailor, aoonslomkg bet to Ibe, prtbtlM of associating tbolr lives logslber, Mashing her to lean upon Mm, ana seek bom him what bapplneia she conld call hnr.own. Thin when some happy moment sriivid in which be could win bar to share her life with Mm, be would trust to bis own exertions to win liar love. LUo wsi a weary burden In tb* old boarding-bpuie, eorapaieu to tbe luxury be could «Derbtr, Tben b- conld lee that lie was making blmiell neces sary to her. One morning, as Ibey aloou upon tbe long pier and looked out io at*, be aald to the girl clinging to hit arm, ' Shall yon be sorry) my diar, to see mi one ?i. turn osyt sailing away iroin you in a snip liks Ibat ons over -ooder, mver perhaps to look upon you sweet faoe again 1' Bho said no word, but clung closer to bis arm, and two big tears routd out of ber eyea- Ue took courage than to put bis arm about her— not bit tbat it bad often been tboro before, but that waa in a fatherly sort ot way. , ?' Would you fan afraid, Maggie, to crota theiea with me I'1 be said. . 'Afiuidf abo replied i 'I could never' bo afraid of tbo sea/' There* was an unpleasant inflection In these words that was closely conoootud with tbe dead sailor, and Mr. M'Uraw cssayod still another inquiry. 'Don't you love ma a little, Maggie P1' bo said. ' I love.you better than anybody now,' she said. Ho longed to ask her if Lor love wai anything of the nature ot the ardtnt poallnn sho bad onoo held for tbe sailor Halloy, but ot oouno ho refalned, aud Indeed waa well contont with bli present happiness. Mr. M'Ura* Kit ocrtaiu of tliu future. Ttilt aceoivd no ol»Uclu tu his happinett, and tbat very day bo rorolved Io get hit affitin la ebnpe so that bo uuulii loavc tbe country at u ruouient'i nouoo, de ttooped auu kissed Maggie guod-b-e, and kUrtoil off blithL-ly to svu bis luwjors. ' Doa't bo lung,' aba called from lbs window. ' I shall wait bore till you coma back.' 'God bleci tho child I' said poor Mr. MoGiaw. 'There oirtaibly now in uo'bmn to binder our bappiuos.' Tue lawyers wvrc cut, aud tlio office wut In oaru of the boy. On a low olialr by tbu door a man sat, with hit bend rusting upon bl' hands, and bis banda resting uirfjn his koecs, His wbolo appearance »at tb&i; of sliptbod nature tbat it seemed ai It b» rufi;ht fall to ph-cos at any moment. Hia frame, of Hvroulean dimontlont, wai tho raoio pitiable I but the fleth had shrunken from liit b»Duo, at,d tbe loMurea of hit face wire harsh and forbidding In th«ir prominonce. His olothis were laded and patobud, bit hat was pulled over his eyes, und nltojetbnr be wu a moat forlorn and ]-itiitl-li- object in this cmoe of a prosperous solicitor. Iu ihn beyday of happiness, howoonU Mr. MGraw nots tbii wietabed fcllow croaturu l-y without a word P 'Good morning, my poor fellow,' ho ?aid. ' You tesni to he in fc lorry ulicbt. Can I du anytbliiff foryon r' 'You cm telmt/'Miid lha man, in a hnarro and hollow volor, ' if it'i true that thau people bere will be glad to lee mo. I'm told ihere'i a reward offered for any nowi ol m», and I'd Use a little money to irlnk up before I go to iee my tweetboart. She'll be thinking it/a my ghost if I go to bar like this.' wuiwv vftsbvum vniuiutUj IDOaff DC Mr. M'Graw, 'who hat risked everything to tee the woman he loves. See bun, my ' good fellow,' he Mid, lowering bit voice, 'it tbia money will be ol any use to you, take it, and go ; bnt Id keep dear of the law if I were you.' 'Why, tbank yen, sir,' ttld the mae, netting back the bills, ' bnt I'm ao betctr. I'll wait and hear what these shirks have to say.' At tbat moment the tralor lawyer enbmd, and tuned upon the fellow a dlstraitful glance. 'What do you want Ursf' he ?aid, sharply. ' I want thi money that wu offered for news ot a shipwrecked sailor oallad Mutln Malloy.' '.I ottered ten pounds,' f aid the lawyer, cursing to au. ja-wraw. 'TrwdavU yon old I' said Mr. M'Graw, who had fallen Into a obalr, and wai gtalug it the 'toss with Unload eyes. «Tbli Malloy la -liad,' he added, aUUkuptog hU syia upon tbs man. 'Ha ain't quite dead.' said the mac, «but as near It at he likes teb*.' Tben he went on to tell the story of the wrmk. tbe ixpoann In tbe open beat, tbi agony and ' ?tarvatfon, the death and insanity of most of tbicrew. It wu an old atory, repeated very often, but tbe lawyer aad Mr. M'Graw ?med to bang upon every word tbat fall from tha lips cf tb* miserable mariner. Mr.' t'Graw'a face gnw old and wrinkled u be UtUntd. T«i lawyir at Inglh uttered an ?lacuUtlon of joy. 'I congratulate you. Mr. M-Oraw,' be aald, tuning to isU client s 'your money la at ill* M if you bald it in *°§ttl M^M-Oraw bad faUin bsck 'again tt the wall. They loomed his niek-tlt, and threw water in hia face. , ' By Jove 1' laid tbe lawyer, 'yob, ],,Tf0| niwt has been loo much lor aba. A big part of his money was at stake, you see, and it's bidden bis feelings so long under a mask of rtefination tbat now be is overotme. Oat a cab at once,' he added, to the boy. Bnt Mr. MeGraw revived, and brtbe timi tin cab nasbtd the ofntt, be wae able to no home atone. Hi, fcowir, uk*d Martrn to io with Urn j S4.d u the eab rolled along. EUeyes wen stlU fixed npoa bis dllapldaM ^Bobody would toowyou, I soppotl r be said to tbi sailor. ; 'Hota^sir-iallMartle. ?' Hot even ihe-e-4b* penon yoajfpoks ofHyenriswieibeaHf; .. ; 'She least ot: any/' caid Martla. «t think -she'd ran awiy from me on eight' ; 'Youtbinkeof' -, 'Jtosureofit. I*et yov a dollar the woiM.': ,?;.'_. j -j ,'/,;?;?. 7 .?;;#;???, ';??'. ' ' Yet 11 wouMu't |i»!n you P' ?? Wuy no— ttby uliouJa ii r W«men.lolks tro made thai way. Hut I'll aoon prink up If 1 get a ciiauca.' Iio began to prink up already, pat bis hat ImoE, *nd brutbea fail ruiapiod h-lr Horn liU tmebcaii, looked from tba window a( Ueoab wilh tbtt air ol a wan to wbum life was uoep«akablf raw and aweot. He was --ruao*t«iJ, shrunken, saltotr, Bercc evod, and forlocni be was fow and pttohcdt but Mr. M Graw would williegiy uttvc Uk-m bit elw» In tba races Ut bapuinsMi hn knew Out, all waa loat U«n wat Martin Melloy , that wai W.o end ol over) thing. The tboimbt oame a Uttu too lal» that seeing her loug-lott lover. might kill the (jirl or drive faer mad. U« b*Kan U- ktulain to Martin, as giaiually as be o»uld, tnuUi house to ohiob tuey wotc juumojlnj wai Urn one trutt ouniaiued bis smmuutrt. Mr. M'Uraw cboau tl.o uioat uarelul pbrawol gy ho toula uiu«U-r, but tbti tailor t«eui*d all at ouce to grton ure. Hu flung bl» bat upon tfce teat bmde , ... bun | li* atnlcbo'i fium Uie windo* Lit loug, thrunkcu neck. '? xWd ttoliurgut out and oame in after I've broken II to her, it may kill hu'i it may diive her .mud. The ihuok vr«t a lonlLlo one to me,' said Mr. M Uraw. 'Tbat bo hangudl' auU Merlin. 'You'ro aa eld mau, you know, uisa tbuugbt of your tnouuy— but niy M«ngk- I ' bore n» etopped, and Ute thunu or CLliKhl ' and dtulro buinod in bis ctieJii and vyet. Ua grew iiuiilubly yoiiug and strong uudor tue gate ot uour JUr. M Uraw, Uiu.i« sat Uuiu by Ibe Window, as I'hu hail juoiuUed. Ob, the bttltrncaa ol Ibat uioui'iil to ono, tuo i.ai'piLuM to ttauutbvr I Ouu uuruOut Mr. M'Uiaw t»w hiraa liu had ltii fan— pale, ualm, subdued, patient ! tba iivxt, a criuiiou gluw bad itApiHl tu licr laov, Uiou lelt It polar liian btforr sudaanly Itdlnuppiarad, aud Mr. MiUraw tuuugui It baa Uilou uwny touiowliurv in a f»uit| but |-r««inUy it tbunv ou ihu brutal of Ui« tailor, »o rudluni snd Uautifal tbat it drtMlud ptor Mr. M'Uirtw. ' Wuy, you did k'ow wo,' eald Martiu, U%t» bunting out ol hu burning eyes. ' Uy thunder, In hjiiui -f ovury tbiOK, aliu did know mo I I o*c |uu a dollar, Mr. M'Uraw I' 'And, ' Master Hlullow, 1 uwu you a Ihouaaiulpound,' ' quutcd Mr. Jl'Urnw, wltb a bitter grin. Wlist moro can bo sold F Tho wodiliuu; took place a littb later uu, after Um lawsuit bod Uuu decidud in favour of Mr. M'Uruw. Maggio's weddiug trip waa aorou tb« ««, but not in a suaniar. . It wu* Iu a trig UtUu vosmiI. wbluh Mr. M-Uraw ukvu m a wndiliug prcaonl, at thu express mjuut u( the britla. 'Mmtin wouldn't give up Uio Mm,' aho aald. ' And you wouldn't g'vo up Martin r' ?aid Mr. M'Gniw. ., , , ' Why, no, dr J not for the world,' ealil Uiofoullkhjrirl. Bo poor Mr. M'Oraw took ptatago alone, 