LOKDON GOSSIP. London, September 24. ma irnriTiAT aKASOK. During the last six weeks London has been emptied of some two or three hundred thousand of its ordinary inhabitants, very much, aj scien tists aver, to the sanitary benefit of the great city. There was fermerly an idea that if the j sitting ot Parliament were unduly prolonged j the s«ason would be equally late ; but this is ? pure moonshiae. The troth is that, whether i Parliament thinks fit to adjourn at that time or i not, people wili not remain in London after the j second week in August. Tue Highland j moors, the seaside, and Continental watering- j places present attractions which are simply j irresistible. The only wonder is that, in ooe- i dience to the inexorable hw3 of fishion, ss large ? a proportion of the wealthy classes postpone I their holiday until Nature has lost her freshnes3 | and summer is w&rjicg; into autumn. 'When ! Cockneys leava Loudoa many of them still ap pear anxious oot to separate themselves alto- j gether from the town. Brighton ia called I ' London by the sea,!' but there are many other \ places on the south coast of England whi;h in this respect bid fair to rival the great Sussex watering-place. I may, for example, mention I Eastbourne, the population of which haa more { than doubled iu a single decade. I have recently | spent some time in this charming seaside resor:, and therefore am able to testify to its rapid development. The whole place belongs to the ' Duke of Devonshire, who has done for it what Lord Kadnor his done for Folkestone. Tnere ia an old Eastbourne as there is an old Folkestone, but nevertheless it is essentially a modern town— the growth of a single generation. Ths Duke hiving nobody to consult but himself has not h3d his plans deranged by speculative builders or eccentric architects. 'The owner of Chat*worth could not fail to be a lover of nature, and therefore every street — whether contiguous to the shore or built for purely business purposes — is lined with trees, whose foliage gives to the town, when viewed from Beechy Head or the adjacent hills, a singularly picturesque appearance. By the sale of land on lease, as well as by the ground rents accruing therefrom, the present Duke has added largely to the' revenues of his dukedom ; but all this is a mere fleabite in comparison with what his successors will gain by his enterprise. Although the Duke is far too nervous to cut a figure in public life, or even to make a speech in the House of Lords, he is a good man of business; and with all respect for Westminster Abbey, and its beautiful sculptured memorials, I doubt whether even a Duke could leave a better monument behind him than the large and pros perous town which he has called into existence, as if by magic, on a comparatively desolate and sandy shore. X I'EEACHLMQ PESE. 'When at Eastbourne I met a member of the aristocracy who certainly does not suffer from the nervousness which is so characteristic of all the members of the Oavendish family. I refer to Lord Badstcck, who, having been engaged for many jears past in evangelistic work, has acquired an ease and tiuency in addressing popu lar assemblies which many of his brother peers might well envy. Lord Badstock seems to preach entirely on his own hook. I cannot learu that he associates himself with any particular denomination of Christians. His practice of opening and closing his services with silent prayer is obt ioualy derived from the Quakers, while his discourses — '? addresses' he prefers to call them— although evangelical in tooe, are not severely doctrinal. In parts they rather remind one of Mr. Spurgeon, because of the frequency and homeliness of his illustrations. He draws largely upon his personal experiences at home and abroad ; and as he has preached the Gospel in all sorts of out-of-the-way places and in cities as wide apart as London and St. Petersburg, he has much to say of a nature calculated to touch the imagination and to stir the heart of his audi tnce. The hymns he sings are very Moodyand Sankeyish, but the expression of his face is so benevolent, and bis mansera are so kindly, that it is difficult to imagine him as fulminating threats of eternal punishment. When he wa* at Eastbourne, he preached only on the beach and in a hall usually devoted to popular enter tainments. It was therefore impossible to asso ciate his services withiany one of the numerous sects which flourish at Eastbourne ; so that I am unable to say whether he remains a Churchman like Lord Shafteabury. or whether he has become a Baptist like Lord Teynham, or a Plymouth Brother like Lord Oonjgleton. A 50TABLE SECBSaiOlf FBOM THB CHTTBCH OF RSCJIAHD. The secetsion of the Rev. Stopford Brooke from the Church of England will deservedly take rank among the ecclesiastical events of the present year. Mr. Brooke deserves great credit for bis honesty. He his long been a Unitarian and 'something more,' and he has therefore done well to leave a Church in whose Articles of Faith Unitarianism certainly has no part. Mr. Brooke first rose into notice as the bio grapher of the late Frederick Robertson, of Brighton, one of the noblest and most intellec tual of English pulpit; orators. Mr. Robertson was not fully appreciated until after his death ; and the posthumous 'discovery of his great qualities helped sot fa little to bring his biographer into notoriety. Mr. Brooke waa, if I mistake not, at one time English chaplain at Berlin. At all events he attracted the atten tion of the Crown Princess of Germany, and was subsequently made a Chaplaia in Ordinary to Her Majesty Queen Victoria. For many years past his sermons have been philosophical, or liteiary essays of great merit, but notable for the absence of the orthodox or theological elements. When Bishop Colenso last visited England Stopford Brooke's pulpit was the only one opened to him, bat he did not preach there, as the Bishop of London, on the eve of the service, sent an inhibition. Mr. Brooke is an ardent admirer of Wordsworth, of whose poetry he may be considered a pulpit interpreter. He is an intimate friend of Deaa Stanley, and only so recently as last spring he officiated at one of the great Sunday evening services which are held during a portion of the year in the nave of Westminster Abbey. In politics he is a stanch Liberal, and during the controversies on the Eastern question he warmly sympathized with the cause of the Christians of Turkey. The withdrawal from the Establishment of the most advanced member of the Broad Church party is a blow to that sec tion which will be severely felt by Dean Stanley and Canon Farrar. On the other hand, this event will be a gain to Unitarianism.which, after a long period of coldness and indifferent, is again striving after a more vigorous spiritual life. As Mr. Brooke rents a chapel which belongs to the Duke of Bedford, he will not be called upon to remove from his present place of worship. The Duke himself is a man of very liberal tendencies. Some years ago he might have been seen in attendance at the Positivist head - quarters in Chapel-street, Bloomsbury ; while, at a later period, by pre senting a Congregational chapel at Bedford with a splendid pair of brass or bronze gates fit for the palace of a Doge, be showed that he could even sympathize with an evangelical form of Christianity. Mr. Brooke therefore will con tinue as long as he pleases to preach at Bedford Chapel. The Duke has just received the Knighthood of the Garter at the bands of Mr. Gladstone. Certainly neither Mr. Brooke's corjgregation nor the sturdy Nonconformists of Bedford will begrudge him this distinction. THB jniTT I.OBD XATOB AJTD THB 'WESI.ETAS.S. Next year there will be seen in this country what has never been witnessed here before, viz , a Fsn-ADglican Wesleyan Conference. There will be a great assemblage of We«leyans from all parts of the world— notably from the United States, where the Methodist Episcopal Church and the various offshoots of Methodism occupy the first position in point both of numbers and of wealth. This meetiDg will, in ita Tay, be as remarkable as either of the two Pan- Anglican Conferences which the Archbishop of Canterbury has convened, at intervals of many years, in Lambeth Palace. It is probable that the social success of the meeting will be greatly enhanced by the circumstance that next year a most intluential member of the Wesleyan denomina tion, Mr. Alderman McArthur, M.P. for Lsm beth, will be Lord Mayor of London. It is a rather singular coincidence thatMr.MeArthur, who has scent tecs of thousands of pounds in building Wesleyan chapels, should happen to be Lord Mayor in the very year when the Wesleysn clergy and laity will pour into the British metropolis from all part3 of the globe. I may also call attention to the carious fact that during the existence of the Conservative Government we had an uninterrupted succession of Tory Lord Mayors, while a Liberal Lord Mayor in the penon of Mr. McArthar will come into otnie almost simultaneously with the second advent of Mr. Gladstone to power. Great things are expected from Lord Mayor McArthur. Unques tionably his mayoralty will be unique in the annals of Methodism, whiih will then see for the first time one of its most generous- hearted laymen elevated to the chair of Sir Richard Whittington. THB aCEE}! ASK IRRIA^D. If rnrncnr may be credited, the infl^'r:-' cf loyalty will shortly be tried as a means of neutralizing the machinations of the land agi tators in Ireland. Mr. Childera has lately hinted that the Qneen contemplates a visit to the «ister isle. If this intimation is verified by the result, there will be good reason for indulging in something more than mere con Tentional expressions of satisfaction. Under a Liberal Government such a visit on the part of Her Majesty would mean mccb more than a mere State progress. It would mean that Royalty itself was interested in those measures for the permanent pacification of Ireland upon which it is well known that Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Forsf er are now engaged, and which it is hoped will materially help to heal the wounds that c«ntnries of misrule have produced. If the Queen crosses St. George's Channel it mar con fidently be predicted that she will have an ecthnsiastic reception, and that Irishmen without distinction of party will m»ke it clear that at the bottom of their discontent there exists a feeling of loyalty which may be , iro&tably; turned to account by a Ministry who axe resolutely bent upon carrying oat au ameliorating policy. Feaianiim undoubtedly exists in Ireland, but I believe that its inflaance as well as the eitent of its ramifications has txen enormously exaggerated for party pur poses. The Ftnians denounce Mr. Parnell, who in his tnrp is denounced by the more moderate -cc- tion of hisowa party.headed by Mr. Shaw. The divided state of the Irish p»rty will still further strengthen the hands of a Governm-jnt which i$ determined at all hazards to do justice to Irelacd. I also know that Mr. Forstor's kind heartedness — for in spite of a soanewhit rotigh exterior he is a man of really benevolent character— baa already exertfd a moat con ciliatory iciiuence on the Irish people; and indeed, some of the Heme Rulers are afraid that be will, by sheer force of good nature, succeed in winning too many hearts. One of the most interesting facts in the history of the past session is the rapid progress which Mr. O'Connor Power has made ia the goad opinion of the House of Commons. A member of the extreme party, he yet always speaks with moderation aa well as with admirable ability. He expects one day to te called to the English Bar; and if I may judge from his oratorical success in Parlia ment, it is reasonable for me to anticipate for him a brilliaat forensic career. THB QUEEN ASD BLACK BOD. I have, I fear, digressed somewhat from the Queen's talked-of tisit to Ireland. Her Majesty is now at Balmoral ; but wherever she may happen to be one ia almost certain to haar every few days of her doing some thoughtful or kindly act. I have been fn Folkestone lately, and there I found that Sir William Knollys, Con troller of the Prince of Walea's Household and Usher of the Black Rod, was lying very ill. The old General is now upwards of eighty years of age, and is fast ' breaking up.'7 No one who has been brought into personal contact with him will ever forget his kindly presence or genial manners. When the Queen learnt that he was seriously ill she wrote him an autograph letter, expressing the sympathy with which his condition had inspired her, and I am glad to Bay that Sir William Knollys so far plncked up strength that he was able to write to her in reply. Her Majesty sets a good example in showing suchsincere and considerate attachment to au old servant. On one of the last occasions that Sir William performed the duty of ' Black Rod' he aroused the suscepti bilities of the Commons by ' commanding' instead of ' requesting' them to attend the House of Lords. The Speaker showed his tact by declining to regard the incident aa anything more serious than a mere slip of the tongue. DEATH OF THB CHIEF HABOS. The death of the Lord Chief Baron, who waa far on iu the eighties, has put [a valuable piece of patronage at the disposal of Mr. Gladstone. His dissolution at the present moment cannot fail to be a source of mortification to Conserva tive lawyers, especially to -Sir John Holker, who would naturally have been entitled to this lucrative preferment. The late Government exerted all the pressure they could to induce Sir Fitzroy Kelly to resign, but he refused, avowedly on the ground that he intended to complete the fifteen years' service which would entitle him to a pension. I have no doubt that he had secretly resolved to ripen into a cen tenarian ; and perhaps he might have realized this intention if he had not rashly over- fatigued himself at Brighton. The late Lord Russell showed equal confidence in his vitality, for long after he had reached three score years and ten he refused to let his house in Oheaham-place for a longer period than Gve years, because he said he should require it himself at the expiration of that period. Sir Fitzroy Kelly was the last representative of the old school of Tory Judges, who never hesitated to exhibit the rankest Toryism on the Bench. THB T^TDEB-SECBBTABT FOB F0BEIQ5 AFFA1BS. The friends of Sir Charles Dilke have been much concerned by his recent illness, which is attributable to prolonged overwork. It would have conduced to his more rapid recovery if, as soon as he fell ill, be had withdrawn for a time from bis public labours. But he absolutely declined to do this. At the present moment he holds in his bands so many of the threads of our foreign policy that, in spite of pain and exhaustion, he persisted in attending to official business as usual. Sir Charles even came down to the House of Commons to answer the ques tions of honourable members, although each time that he did eo he left his bed for the purpose, and had to return home and go to bed imme diately after he had replied to the interpella tions. So long as England is served by such public servants we need not despair of the old country. A SEW GHOST STOBT. The Spiritualists have got hold of a new ghost story, of which they will— fairly enough — not fail to make the more capital because it has cot originated among their own marvel-loving com munity, and which has the further advantage that if not generally believed it at least cannot be disproved. Among the picturesque attrac tions of the superstitious principality of Wales is an abode called Llanthony Abbay— so named after a ruin in the neighbourhood — once the property of Walter Savage Landor, but now the sanctuary of Father Ignatius, otherwise the Rev. Mr- Lyne, who, albeit not a professed member of the Cnnrch of Rome, has set up there a kind of monastery or reli gious brotherhood. One of the rules of this curious fraternity is that the altar should always throughout the day be attended by some member in the attitude of devout meditation. On August 30 a certain monk, while taking bis turn at this new mental exercise, saw, as he asserts, the vessel holding the consecrated bread taken by invisible hands out of ita proper recep tacle and shown clearly to his view. The ' associate siBter' who in due time relieved guard before the altar saw the same feat per formed. That evening gome choirboys at sport in a field beheld a lively spirit glide through the thick hedge of a meadow where they were playing, and a few days afterwards a monk, who had been much troubled with headache and neuralgic debility, waa instantaneously cured by placiDg a leaf from the hedge through which the spirit had passed upon his brow. The same night he dreamed of the Blessed Virgin, and devoutly believes that it waa she who was seen by the boys in the hedge, and who left her healing influence behind in the leaves. The Rev. Mr. Lyne does not attach undue im portance to the neuralgic brother's dream, but he alleges that the boys have been crossques tioned by a lawyer friend without detriment to their testimony, and he inclines to believe not only their story but that the contemplative monk and sister were severally favoured with a manifestation of divine favour. HKKBT IBTIXG. The most interesting, and indeed I may say the only very interesting event of the present stagnant period in the theatrical season is the re opening of the Lyceum Theatre, after a some what briefer recess than naua.1, which took place last Saturday night before one ot those densely packed and, though fashionable, intensely enthusiastic audiences which have come to be associated with every new venture of that ' pet of the public,' Henry Irving. Indeed, a first night at the Lyceum is now regarded by a large section of the upper middle class as something at which, not to have been present is to argue yourself altogether un known to fame. To quote a multitude of literary and a-sthe tic amateur critics, the majority of whom belong to the fairer sex, the affair re presents not merely a dramatic performance but an assembly or conversazione where ' everybody one cares to meet' will surely be present ; and if husbands and fathers are less solicitous than wives or daughters not to be left out in the cold on one of these momentous occasions, they go willingly enough to please their woBenkind, and gratify at least one of their manly tastes by scanning what will surely prove one of the most brilliant and distinguished gatherings of the time. It is therefore not surprising that long before Saturday, the 18th of September. arrived [Mr. Irving issued au advertisement, ?' to prevent disappointment/1 to the effect that i every bos, dress-circle, and stall »eat in his house had already been disposed of, in answer to written applications, and that the opening of the box-office would be, so far as that particular night was concerned, a work of entire saperero j gation. Even the height (or the depth) of the I dead season made little difference to the [ character, as it made none to the numbers of j the audience; for many of Mr. Irving's ad mirers, iuclading somft brothers and sisters in the profession, ran up to town from distant country haunts in order to give him their per sonal sympathy atd support, TH3 COBSICA* BHOTHEBS. The piece chosen to open this third year of Henry Irring's managerial career waa Mr. Boucicaalt's adaptation of Dumas' DOvel Lcs i'rera Corses called 'The Oorsican Brothers,' a spectacular drama which, notwithstand ing its rather low intellectual calibre, has alwajs, since ita first production, been more cr less favoured by actors of high reputation, because its main feature is one of those 'docble parts-' well suited to display versatile talent-, and fiexible style wherever such exist. Hr. IrviDg's genius is essentially tragic, and to be easily and naturally gsy on the stage is to him impossible. The melancholy elder twin is always present, whether dressed in his own clothes or in the festive attire of his livelier brother. Probably the success some little time ago of ' The Lyons Mail' suggested ' The Corsica!! Brother^ as a good opening piece, pending the production of Tennyson's new tragedy, whkh is to be the real piece de resit iancc of the winter season. Bat the unjustly suspected man and the real criminal who re sembles him ia that grim drama constitute a double part without requiring any radical change of style, voice, or expression ; and joutbiul sprightliness, which, as I said, is of all conditions the hardest for Sir. Irving to assume, is not demaded of either. Miss Ellen Terry does not take part in ' The Corsican Brothers,' but will sustain the leading female character in Tennyson's historical piece some time in November. 