PETTY DEBTS COURT — This Day. — (Before the Police Magistrate, Colonel Ross and Mr. C. Spry.) UNDEFENDED CASE Moreton Bay Fishing Company v. Pollard and Co.— Claim £6 10s. 10d., for goods sold. — Mr. Norris appeared for the plaintiff, for whom a verdict was given for amount, claimed, together with 8s. 6d., costs of court and £1 1s., professional costs. DEFENDED CASES. J. P. Jensen v. A. Keating.— Claim £5 15s. for repairs to a cab. Mr. Appell appeared for the plaintiff. This case was was partially heard on the 29th ultimo, mo amjuuinp; anu' men adjourned until this morning-.. Defendant paid £3 12s. 6a.;-into court, and stated that the work in question wob to hu done for, £3 10b, in accordance with a verbal agreement, between . the , plaintiff and himself, but was not properly executed. :A verdict was given for the plaintiff ' for amount olaimed, together with1 £1' Is. professional costs, -1 Is. witnesses' expenses, and 63. ooBts of court. ????' ? ?? ?'?- ;..?:? M. Lowry ' v. ,'WJ 1 Trotter.— Olaiiri, £i 11s, Sd., for, goods sold.,. Mr. Porter appeared for the plairitifl: Defendant admitted the debt and/pleaded'a sotoff for cartage to the amount of So 8s. Verdict for plaintiff for amount claimed with costs', and leave to : defendant to sue for the amount of his account. ' ' ' Chambbb Business.— In the Supreme Court, this iriornirig, in bhamberB,( before his Honour llrf Justice.Pring, in the! patter of GustayuB Alexander Davis,' an insolvent, an' application to close the insolyenoy,. and, fix the 29th as.the day for the truafoain .the estate to apply for.hia ureaoo, .yvas^v^i'LC^. ,1U t*u« IUUbbtir OI XOOmaB Webber, late of RoBenthtil Creek, near Warwiok^ farmer,; deceased, Mr; Whltohill (from Messrs. Daly and Hellioar's, office) applied to paBS aoi counts/'foV obmmissibri _at' 2J per cent., arid for costs .of, .this,. applipatiqri; granted. In the matter of John Kennedy, Wiljiam Do Fraine, and John -Edwards, insolvents, the insolvency was closed, and the trustee in tho eBtate released. Before his Honour Mr. Justice Harding, in the matter of Hiruro. John, of St. George, an insol vent, Mr. Cooper, instructed by Messrs. Edwards and Marsland, applied on be' half of tho trustee in the estate for an order for the examination of ? John Bnxton and John Uoddard, of St. George, before the Police : Magistrate of St. George, on , the 14th instant. Order accordingly ; examination to.be continued with as few adjournments aB | possible ; if any adjournmentltakes plaoe before any sitting haB lasted three hours, the trustee to report the matter' to his Honour, oubject to this tha police magistrate has power to ad journ. ' .. . Looking pou a Ghost. — A good deal of ex» oitement exists in the neighbourhood of White' cross-street and Golden Lane, says a Lon don paper, by the lost mail, where the Metropolitan Board nfWorb has laid a large' number of houses in ruins, owing to the sup poeed appearance of a ghost ; and, notwith standing the absurdity of such a thing, thou sands of persona nightly assemble to watoh for the appearance. Thoro is a slory of murder connected with the visitation, and the ghostr when in the flesh,_in naid to havo been a woman who was murdered by u blow on the head many years ago. 