LOCAL COURT— GEORGETOWN. Thursday, June 24, 1880. Before A. J. Edmunds, Esq., S.M., and Mnssrs. .T. R. Jones and P. Mnrrie. .T.T_ P 1 7 — j full jurisdiction. Commane v. Mitchell — Claim for £35, for wheat sold. Dr. Smith appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Turner for the defendant. Matthew Commane, farmer— In January or February delivered wheat to the Carrying Company for Mitchell, through their agent, Mr. Hendry. Gave him the cart-notes. Sent 532 bags, 2,128 bushels, 28 lbs. Was paid for 2,000 bushels by Mr. Hendry. The bags were returned all but 45, and this num ber was returned by Mr. A Mitchell. About June, 1879, spoke to Mr. Mitchell about the sale of the wheat, telling him that he wanted to sell the 128 bushels. He said he would'rit buy it, on account of his agent cheating him so much, he would only pay for as little as he could. Took the cart-notes from his nnnL-of nf ormf.lip.r Inf. Tip Tisul anrl TVTit.nVinll said " I'll buy that lot." Told Mitchell that I had delivered the wheat at Gladstone to the Carrying Company for him. Remember bringing an action last year against the firm, and also remember Mr. Mitchell being asked if he received the wheat, and he said yes, but declined to pay for it. Cross- examined — Delivered the wheat to Mitchell's agent. Knew that Hendry was the agent, as I had received a circular to that effect. Sold to Hendry, bnt the firm of Hendry and Co. endorsed the sale note. Never sold wheat to Hendry and Co. , nor did I know they bought wheat. When I demanded the return of the wheat never received a reply, nor did L go to fetch the wheat. Never expected Mitchell and Co. to cart it back to me. Never sold it upon rloliirnvir If UTS1.9 t.G flA sfnrftfl . Vlllf nmi&ldai;'nrl they were bound to purchase. James Walter Smith, counsel for plaintiff, and also in preceding action — After the last action, saw Mr. Andrew Mitchell at Glad stone. We conversed together about the action. Said to Mr. Mitchell, " Now that you have got the. wheat will you pay for it or return it ?" To this, he replied " I'll speak to my father about it, and tell yon which we will do when you make a demand for it." Then wrote letters (put in) dated October 1879, 3rd January, 1880, and 6th April same year. To the two last letters I never received any reply. Asked Mr. Mitchell what his charges were for the storage of wheat, and he said jjjd per bushel. There was something J lncnttnnOQ A rfam»ut«/To ltn<1 another conversation, and told Mr. Mitchell that if he would tell him what his charges were he would pay them, as it was impossible he could pay the amounts until he knew what they were. Mr. Mitchell replied, " Of course not." This was after I had written the letters. Also asked Mitchell if his father had returned, and why no answers had been sent to his letters. The reply Mitchell gave me was that his father was absent. Cross-examined — Would not undertake to swear that the exact words were not " what we will do" given me by Mitchell in response to my question about paying or returning the wheat. By the Court — Mitchell & Co. had no agent in Gladstone. Cross - examination continued — Thought the Carrying Co. only stored goods for the purpose of sending to one place or another. Was not aware that they stored wheat. Did not know if Mitchell & Co. had stores or mills at Gawler, but it was from that place all com munications came. Edward William Stephens — Was a wheat- buyer at Gladstone, for Messrs. John Hart & Co. The price of wheat ruling on the 21st Oet-.nher. and the few following davs. at Glad- stone was 5s. Id. per bshl., on the 31st of March 4s. ; 3s. 9d. was given a few days after, and on 3rd. Jan. believed the figure was 4s. Pd. to 4s. lOd. Cross-examined — Will swear the price of of wheat on 21st. October was 5s. Id. , as I had bought from Messrs Coe, King, O'Brien at that figure. The usual practice made in stor age was not to charge for the first month, but one farthing afterwards. By the Court — Had been buying wheat for the past three years. The custom of princi pals was, if they did not purchase on demand to return the wheat, but they had the option of returning it where they chose. His firm had a distinct cart-note, and could return at Port Adelaide if they chose, bnt had the power of returning at Gladstone. Some firms returned at Port Pirie. Thought this was dout? to benefit farmers, and simplify office' work. When wheat was taken in store it was generally kept in hand. If he had a parcel on hand which was demanded he would deliver at Gladstone, but he was not bound to do so. Mr. Turner asked for a nonsuit, and cited several points of law bearing on the subject. The Court said they would not grant a nonsuit, and ihe following points by Mr. Turner were then taken : — 1. That there is not sufficient evidence of conversion of goods, because no demand had been made at either place of business for the wheat ; 2. That Mitchell and Co. had not been furnished with an opportunity of redelivering the wheat to Commane ; 3. That there had been no legal refusal to deliver the wheat, because no per son had attended at any time to receive it. Andrew Mitchell, clerk, Gawler — Remem ber having a conversation with Mr. Smith one evening at Gladstone, whilst waiting for the coach. Was asked if I was going to settle the case in question, to which I replied that I had nothing to do with it, and, further, advised Mr. Smith to write to the firm about it. Had no power to act in the matter. The firm were merchants and wheatbuyers, and had stores at Gawler. It was the custom when farmers brought wheat in, if they did not sell, to procure a holding- order or receipt. When they wished to sell, the holding-order or receipt was produced, and tho position the wheatbuyer was in was either to purchase or deliver upon the hold ing-order. Knew the defendant. Neither he nor any person on his behalf had made a demand for the wheat. Farmers were sup posed to come for their wh&at; if they wished redelivery. The miller or merchant was not supposed to deliver it. The price charged for storage was id. per bshl. per month, coveriug insurance. Had always charged that. Cross- examined — Had no recollection of the conversation with Dr. Smith at Glad stone. Was aware that warehousemen made their charges on demand. His father had also seen the letters referred to when he re turned from Sydney in December last. So far as I know, no replies had been sent to the letters respecting charges. The object for the production of the holding-note on demand was to see that it was not transferable. Would not say that I told Commane the cart- note was worthless. Have acted as agent for the firm for a little while. Their agents had received wheat from Commane. Did not know whether he had been paid, or whether the wheat was held from him. It was their own. About June, 1879, began to regard the wheat as their own. . Did not consider it his business to tell Dr. Smith this at Glad stone. The wheat was purchased by us from Hendry. Only wrote to Commane for infor mation, as they believed their accounts were muddled. Verdict for plaintiff for £28 5s. 3d. limited jurisdiction. Hogan v. Hinchley. — Claim for £13 on the purchase of a horse. Dr. Smith appeared for the plaintiff, ard Mr. Upton for the defendant. . ... It appeared from the evidence, which was of a very contradictory nature, that Hogan lent defendant £6, and when he went for the money defendant said he had nothing to offer him, and that plaintiff had better buy a horse for £26, to which plaintiff consented. The horse was at Eurelia, and both parties went to that place to get it, bnt on arrival Hogan was dissatisfied with his bargain, and Hinch ley said his son would buy it for £19. When offered to Hinchley, jun., he would not pur chase except on a three months' bill, and Hogan consented to take it for £19. In notes, silver, and checmes, plaintiff paid the defen- dant about £21. Some very descriptive evidence was adduced relative to the trip up North, which caused some amusement to the Court. A verdict was at length given for £6. Belcher v. Walshe — Adjourned till next Court day. Skewes and 'Miller v. Fitzgerald — Claim for £3 15s. Struck out. Teague v. Pengelley — Claim forJ£3 9s. 3d. Struck out. Davey v. Garrard — Claim forJ£5 Is. Sfcrnck out. Walker v. Aunger — Claim for £5 17s., for wagjs due and for wrongful dismissal. Dr. Smith appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Upton for defendant. Caroline Walker — Was encraarerl in Mav last by Mr. Annger's agent at Clare. Worked as a domestic servant. There were nine men, five children, a gover less, and four others inciuding myself. Did all the work with a little assistance. The governess asked me to get her some water, and on going to the tank saw what looked like a ghost. Ran in and told thera all about it, and was ill through fright. Asked for tea and they gave me salt in it, and I dashed it on the floor ; they gave me vinegar, and I treated it like wise. Was afterwards treated to a deluge of cold tea. The object which frightened me was a man with a sheet over him, aud a bul lock's yoke over his shoulders. Was given as a reason that I should leave in consequence nf nrt tcracroa Cross-examined — Was dragged down to the men's hut, but submitted through sympathy. I also sang through sympathy. Sent for brandy because I was co'd. Had none pre vious. John Garey, ploughman, stated that he went to the hut with plaintiff, and stayed there three-quarters of an hour. Plaintiff sent for brandy to Mrs. Aunger, but was refused it. There were two men in bed in the hut, and only one room. It was between 8 and 9 o'clock. Annie Aunger — Plaintiff did not ask to go out, but weat of her own accord. Ordered her to leave. , By the Court — Plaintiff was dancing and singing the first night she arrived on the farm. John Aunger"said,Sthat on'his return late in the evening in question, his wife told him she had dismissed the girl. Then asked the servant if she intended going b&ck; to Clare the same way she had come. She said yes, and I said I would drive her to meet the mail. She told me that my agent onght to be ashamed of himself in sending an old woman to such a place, and she was sorry for what had taken Dlace the previous ni<rht. Did not know what she alluded to. . Verdict for plaintiff for 20s., Mr. Upton remarking upon the questionable character the plaintiff bore. McMahon v. Volctmann — Claim for £6 17s. lOd, for wages due. Dr. Smith appeared for the plaintiff. A verdict was given for £4. Three Magisterial cases, Police v. William Moore, Margaret Moore, and Jane Dawbie, for using obscene language, was taken tog ther. William Moore and Dawbie pleaded gnilty, and were each fined 10s. and costs, or in default 7 days' imprisonment. Margaret Moore pleaded not guilty, and the evidence of the police and other witnesses, revealed a most disgusting state of affairs existing in the house occupied by the three persons. The defendant was fined 20s. and costs 20s, or in default 14 days' imprison ment. The Court then rose. 