PEPPER'S GHOST. This world-famed scientific illusion will be sxhibited before the public of Perth at St. George's Hall on Friday evening, for the first time in this colony. If this is not the most wonderful exhibition of the illusionist* s art in Australasia, it certainly takes the palm Erom anything previously placed on the boards in tnis colony. 'The Ghost, as advertised in another column, will be pro duced at St. George's Hall on Friday, Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday nights next; after which it is the Company's in tention to visit the various districts of the colony — an intimation which will be welcomed by all lovers of the marvellous art. We would also call attention to the Eact that Mies Evelyn Eldred is to appear after a somewhat lengthened absence from the stage, and those. who have had t'ae pleasure of hearing that young lady in public wfll hail with pleasure her re appearance. Thb Match's Luncheon. — Following tbe prortigation of the Council on Wednes day last Mr. Geo. Sbentou, the Mayor of Perth, entertained His Excellency tbe Governor, the members of the Executive and Legislative Counc.ls, ai.d the City Councillors, His Honor the Chief Justice, heads of department, and a large number of prominent citizens, to a luucheon pro vided in the Town HalL The usual toasts were drunk, and the entertainment passed off most satisfactorily. Indecent Assault. — Thos. Bowes, alias 'Deaf Tom,' tbe man recently charged with criminally «gg5mltiTi-r a little girL was sentenced to six months' imprisonment at the Perth Police Court on the 8th inst. Photography. — Mr. Manning is exhibit ing some very nice specimens of photo graphy in his windows in William Street, among them the starting of the first loco motive on the Eastern Railway works, a large view of the timber works at Jarrahdale, and an almost life-like copy of Mr. Prinsep's painting, ** A Tale of the Southern Seas,' depicting Mrs. Boldt, the heroine of the ship Moorburg. Tee VoLtrNTSKBS. — A general parade of the Metropolitan Rifles will be held this (Wednesday) evening, at 7*30. Rifle Contest. — The intercolonial rifle match between the Metropolitan Rifles and a team of South Australian rifwnmi will take place on the 9th October. We hear the team comprises some of the best marks men in the Metropolitan Rifles, and should favorable weather prevail on the match-day, there is scarcely any doubt of our men being again victorious. Tee Tows Haix. — The Rifle Band will play a selection of popular airs in the Town Hall *^^« evening, commencing at 8 o'clock. POSTAL AND TELEGRAPH DEPARTMENT. — The letter-carriers and Telegraph mes sengers have been supplied during the past few days with a very neat uniform. The material is a dark grey, with red facings for the Postal Department and green facings for the Telegraph messengers. Mount Eliza Invalid Depot. — An in mate of this institution, named William Riley, died on the 1st instant, aged 62 years. Land Regulations for Kdxbebxst District. — The regulations for the control of the Crown Lands in the Kimberley Dis trict, comprising the new country recently discovered by Mr. Alex. Forrest, will be found on the second sheet ot the issue of the Inquieee of to-day. A veet well got -up and handily com piled little almanac for the current year, issued by tbe Phoenix Fire Office, lies upon our table. By it we learn that the office, which is one of tbe first in rank in London, was established in 1 752, and that its engage ments are guaranteed by a numerous and wealthy Proprietary as well as by a large invested capital. The importance of the transactions of this office is shown by the fact that its payments in satisfaction of claims have already exceeded the almost incredible sum of twelve millions! On reading this we are tempted to wish that the whole of this colony was composed of some ccmbustible xnat'kr?''1 , and that a carelessly-dropt match, or some other accidental circumstance, might cause the ignition of the whole, so that the amount of a previously effected insurance might be recovered from the Phoenix Fice Office and furnish ua with capital for a fcesh start ! An imposing array' of names forjns the Directorate; such 'household wards' in the monetary world as Bovill, Burton, Coope, Fuller, Hanbury and Lubbock feeing among the number. By the title page of the almanac we notice that Mr. Edwd. Kat .Coubtbofe holds the appointment of agent to the office in this colony. Fatheb Gibnet. — A Sydney telegram of hist week mentions that Father Gibney wQl be entertained at a banquet shortly by the Roman Catholics of that' city. Pepper's Ghost. — We have been requested to draw the attention of our readers to the alteration of dates, as notified in our advertising nrAaTnFaf for the appear* anceof this fllusion. 