THE REVIEWS AND MAGAZINES FOR AUGUST. The Eight lion Justice longfield discus f_ kind terms in Ireland in the 1 Fortnightly He starts with the declaration that the separation of the ownership from the occupation of land is at a U anta o to both parties to the owner as WPII w to the occupier and upon this basis founds the argument that it would be practically impossible to establish a general sy stun of peasant proprietorship in Ireland and even if it could , be founded, such a system could not be maintained The paper is written for the purpose of inviting further discussion. late John 1 Aske reviews the events which led to the separation of the \n encan colonies from Great Britain, and considers that the American War of Independence belonged to the same series of struggles with the Barons' War of the thirteenth century, and the Great Rebellion of the seventeenth warm which, under somewhat different circumstances, the end might have been attained, and the colonists Lave earned their point without the necessity of a political separation from the mother country Air Le ho Stephen in a paper entitled ' Mr Bradlaugh and his Opponents ' vindicates the course taken by Mr. Gladstone in the late controversy, and with considerable warmth of language catches the proceedings of the Opposition Mr D C Lathbury believes that the late Government did not make any effort to bring about a European concert of the Powers on the Eastern question, and believes that Lord Beaconsfield and Lord Salisbury were willing to let Germany and Austria do what they liked in the past, because they thought they could he trusted not to do anything that Russia wished, while Mr Gladstone and Lord Granville were not prepared to act as though the predominance of Russia was the only thing to be guarded against in Eastern Europe, but that the predominance of any one of the Great Powers was undesirable ' Reflections on the Consei vatix o collapse at the late general election have led Mr AVxmeas Reid to doccant on Public Opinion and lU Leaders, and he thinks, that the past four months will long be reckoned among the most memorable in the political history of England and believes that the Times and other London papers which have a strong sentiment of opposition to the Gladstone Ministry do not accurately represent public opinion The remaining papers in this periodical are " Health Resorts in the Pyrenees " by D. J Burney Yeo, "Friendly Societies by J Randall, The Deccan," by Sir D Wedderburn, and the ' Policy of Coercion," by W T Stead There is also a sonnet by A C Swinburne, on the refusal of the French Senate to adopt the amnesty; and the usual review of home and foreign affairs The iVtntreenth Cent. y, among its other articles contains one on Representative Government in the Colonies," by Arthur Mills. Mr Mills states that " recent events in more than one of our most important colonies have revived the apprehensions of those who have anticipated at former periods, the failure of the system called a Responsible Government in communities unadapted, as they conceived, for its successful development. The deadlock of 1878 in Victoria the Ministerial crisis at the Cape and the disputes of last year in New South Wales, present conspicuous examples of these embarrassments The writer traces the history or responsible government in the colonies, which commenced about forty years ago The conclusion at which he arrives is that by extending the principle of self-government, England will be able to extend that of colonial defence and, by grouping the colonies wherever practicable, both the e objects will be best attained "It too late' he says to speculate whether bargains might have been made long ago with our colonies for their own self-defence and for free trade with us as the price of concession of self government. Such stipulation it attempted, would probably have failed, sow, at all event our trust for inenelH tariffs and for co-operation in the defence of the Empire must be to the influence of an enlightened public opinion on the free colonial Parliament which we have ourselves created " The agitation and attempted legislation on the land tenure question in Ireland led J H Tuke to visit several of the globe land 1 firms which have been sold by the Church Commissions to small proprietor and he places on record a short account of the of visits, which, he says ' formed a pleasant contrast to the disheartening work we were chiefly engaged upon Mr lukededaies that what ever difference of opinion may exist as to the policy of the Church Act, which has led to the sale of these glebe lands, the remarkable result that 5000 to 6000 proprietors, chiefly working their own lands, have been added to the previously existing number of 19,51" owners in Ireland cannot be regarded otherwise than as a great benefit in a country almost wholly agricultural." An article which might very well be read immediately after this is the one by Justin M'Carthy, "The Landowner's Panic." Dean Stanley contributes a paper on " The Creed of the early Christians, which conclude. 3 with the following beautiful passage :-" Wherever we are taught to know and understand the real nature of the world in which our lot be cast, there is a testimony, however humble, to the name of the Father ; wherever we are taught to know and admire the highest and best of human excellence, there is a testimony to the name of the Son ; wherever there is implanted in us a presence of freedom, purity, and love there is a testimony to the name of the Holy Ghost.'' Cardinal Manning protests against the abolition of the Parliamentary oath, as it is the only connecting link now existing between religion and the State and if the by-vote to relieve Mr. Bradlaugh and other members of atheistic principles, of the necessity of taking the oath be accepted. Lord Burleigh's forecast will be on the horizon, and England will begin to be destroyed by its Parliament. "Political optimism" is a dialogue on the subject. There is a very interesting paper by D. C. Boulger on the " Future of China," and there is evidence in it that the writer is looking at the Celestial Empire through an Indian lens. John Ruskin contributes a second article on " Fiction Fair and foul." There are also papers on Iceland, by Sir D. Wedderburn ; " State-aid, and control in Industrial Assurance," and the concluding article on "National Art Collections and Provincial Art Museums." The Contemporary opens with an article by the Rev. F. Barham Zincke entitled " A Dishorned Nation," in which the writer urges that the best way of improving the condition, and adding to the comfort, the health, and the happiness of the vast working population of the United Kingdom is by giving them fair facilities for acquiring, by their own exertions, freehold houses, instead of obliging them to live in the country in landowners cottages and in the cities, in builders' lease- holds. Karl Hildebrand contributes a paper on " Half culture in Germany, its Causes and Remedies." Under the title of " International Christianity," the Rev. J. L. L. Davies attacks our proceedings in various places, particularly the burning of' villages in Africa and forcing the opium trade on the Chinese. An interesting scientific paper on " River Water, Sea Water, and Rock Salt," is from the pen of Justus Roth. The problem of the " Homeric Poems " is dealt with by Professor Blackie. Professor Wace gives an able review of " Mr. Herbert Spencer's data of Ethics." Lieutenant- Colonel Osborn writes a trenchant paper on the Indian Budget, which is a sequel to his " India under Lord Lytton," and is styled "The Missing Mil- lions." Professor Bonamy Price replies to Mr. Mur- rough O'Brien. who read a paper on rent before the Statistical and Social Inquiry Society of Ireland. Mr. John Rae discusses the problem of liberty in Catholic countries, late occurrences in Belgium suggesting the subject. " Comparative aEsthetics " by Vernon Lee, and "Contemporary Men of Letters on their predecessors " by G. H. Clarke, complete the August number. Macmillan contains chapters "is, 84, and So of the story by Mrs. Oliphant, " he that will not when he may." F. Pollock gives the history of the oath of allegiance, together with the penalties under various reigns for refusing to subscribe to it. Stanley Land- I poole reviews the works and life of Anne Keary. ! There is an amusing sketch entitled "Journalists malgre the." Thomas Hughes contributes a biograph- A cal notice of Tom Taylor. General W. N. lIuMtin-.on ! discusses the " Ironclad and the sun of the Future." The remaining papers are, " A Special Assize under , Louis XIV.," by the Rev. Henry Leach, and " the National Gallery in Trafalgar-square," by W. C. Lefroy. ' ' | fraser has several readable articles, the most notice- > able being " The House of Lords and Popular Educa- ' tion," " Parliamentary Difficulties and Political Parties," A and the " Present Attitude of Russia and China." " A ' forgotten Empire in Asia Minor" is also a very interesting article. * 1 Cornhill continues the story of.".-Washin8ton Square.' ' » by Henry James, jun., which is followed by a paper inquiring "Why did Shakspeare write Tragedies??" a question answered at considerable length and an article on English sculpture in 1830. To the lovers of the Supernatural, Vernon Lee's paper " Faustus and Helena " will prove of interest. The continuation of the yachting story '. White Wings "' concludes the prose part of the magazine. In Blucl.vouA " Dr. AVortle'i School " is continued. There are two political articles one on "Irish Distress and its Origin," the other on " Ministerial Piogre"." There is an interesting story entitled " Hans PiMlei : A Legend of the Rhine walls." Mr. Storey contributes some verses on a " Blackbird," " A Talk about Sonnets," and " Bush Life in Queensland." 