That the subject of taxation and , its probable incidence are exciting attention may be seen from tho letter of our correspondent O.E.L., who, though riot a dabbler in politics, and not aspiring to be a law-maker, lias a deep stake in the Uolony, is largely interested :uv its trade, and prosperity, and is an observant student of men and things.. Though wo dissent from some of the propositions which lie' submits, there is much in what he says that is entitled, to. careful consideration. One feature in his letter is of a pleasing character. He deals ' with his subject purely as one of taxation and revenue. No party bias is imparted. Our correspondent- is neither Ministeralist nor Oppositionist. He places no peculiar faith in Coalition, and is not of those who say, can any good thing proceed from such a combination. Whether' right';, or wrong in his views,' lie'deals with his subject on wliatlie conceives its merits. Wo meiition these facts, not from any special confidence wo place in the opinions of our correspondent, but to im press on Ministers how wise it will ' be in them to avail themselves of what we 'conceive to bo a general feeling, illustrated in the ; person of our correspondent. The public seein to have made up tlioir mind -that - the business of tho coming Session is to be confined to supplementing the revenue by increased taxation, and that, there fore, the work of the Session should bo conducted in a business-like way. No extraneous matter should be introduced, and if Government are firm in this respect, the debates of Parliament will as little wander into party or personal subjects, will be as closely confined to matters of revenue, as is the letter of. our correspondent. We do not say that Ministers should lay down a hard and fast rule of conduct prohibiting tho intro duction of all and every question but that of finance.' Some exceptional circumstances may demand a relaxation of such a rule, but it should bo' a matter of absolute necessity, the exception but strengthening the rule. Ministers have an opportunity before them sueli as any statesmen truly . desirous ' of tho public good must envy. Lot us hope that Ministers will bo equal to it. Tho Country is prepared to have discussion confined to questions of finance and taxation. Will Ministers keep this in view, and wisely and firmly guide the deliberations of Parlia- ment;! xney muss lay tneir account witn Having to contend against the selfish and scheming tactics of a portion of tho Members of the Assembly. These have never shown any true patriotism. 'With the good of the Colony, with the best interests of their fellow-men on their lips, their every thought has begun, centred, and onded in themselves. They seek to occupy a prominent position. That is the aim of their political being. For a time they succeeded in clothing over their doings with an air of dis interestedness, but their true character and purpose have been, seen through, and now they are harmless, unless, indeed, Ministers confuse concession with conciliation, and exercise indul gence where they should firmly command. Wo have no desire to see the interests of the Colony sacrificed, as in October, 187S, to tho Billy hope of convincing and conciliating men whose only object in the delay they sought— and which was too facilcly yielded £hem — was a triumph of party that they might reap the substantial benefits. The same ambitious spirits, though now humbled, defeated, powerless, will no doubt be again on the ' watch, seeking opportunity to regain the heights from which they have been hurled, and to turn any contention among the friends of the Colony to their party and personal views. A carefully built-up illusion has been shaken to its. basis, completely dispelled ; but the meretricious virtue that has deceived will again seek victims — in vain, however, if Ministers are true to them selves and the public. The best means to this end will be that con finement of the business of tlic Session to the financial equalisation of revenue and expendi ture, and to that provision for public works, to which Ministers immediately prior to the late adjournment pledged themselves to direct their first attention, and, as was generally understood, to the interim exclusion of matters of general importance.' The necessity of such a choice is to be regretted. But it is a necessity; and as such may not be longer trifled with. It was recognised tho moment the Government com mitted itself to an opinion of counsel and tho consequent payment of tho Main Line Railway interest. It was specially urged when Mr. Giblin was formerly Treasurer. The Reibey- Crowther Government took tho management out of his hands, and promised to provide a more equitable means of meeting the obligation, but Mr. Lewis, as Treasurer, did nothing, and the matter is just where Mr. Gibmn took it up when formerly in office, with this difference that the necessity is more urgent. It needs not that we impress this point. It is admitted on all hands. The delay caused by the. scramble for office with which Mr. Reibey and Mr. Ckowther arc identified, lias but added to the obligations and increased the difficulty. The consequence lias been the calling to power ' of the present Ministry,, and the task' they have undertaken of first placing the credit of the Oolony : on a sound basis, and of devoting a 'Session to the special business of increasing the re venue. " We quoted, tho other day, the words ' which the Colonial Secretary,' Mri'MooRE/used on' the subject in' the Legislative Council, and we then referred to what the Premier and Treasurer, Mr. Giblin, had .said to the, Housetof Assembly on the same occasion and under the same circumstances. Having expressed the opinion that the situation "was so grave, and the financial pressure so severe that for the time individual likings and personal feelings should be laid. aside, 'and .that all should unite in an honest endeavour to grapple with tlio difficulties of 'the ' Country, Mr. Giblin, after detailing the circumstances connected with the formation of.. .the present Ministry, promised that he and, his colleagues would be, " prepared to give their best .energies to bring about bucIi legislation as every oiie1 riiust desiro to see to put'itlie finances of tile Colony in' a satisfac tory condition, to meet their engagements, as they had hitherto done, without any difficulty, and',to;bring the revenue of the Colony up till it- was equal to tho expenditure. These," Mr. Giblin emphatically added, " were the main objects of the; Administration being formed." With such a declaration, of the purpose of the present Administration, no extraneous subjects should be allowed to interfere. . At any rate, this was the line of conduct the Premier laid down for himself and colleagues, when he asked an adjournment till Tuesday next, to. allow time " to prepare measures, and bring them down , to the House and that there might be no. misap prehension as to their intention to make every other consideration subservient to that of finances, he went on to Bay :— " These measures would necessarily embrace, first of all, a thorough 'revision of expenditure for the -year 1880. It would bo premature for him to attempt to state what the result of that would be, but he was .quite sure that tho Ministry would apply them selves to the task with zeal and thoroughly endeavour to reduce the expenditure. The new Government' would also undertake the revision of tho Customs tariff. Without venturing at that' time go into any detail with regard to this point, he was quite sure that the task was one that ought to be undertaken, and he hoped the results of their labours would be satisfactory to the House. It would also bo the duty of the new Ministers to propose measures of direct taxation. So that these three tasks, together with the consideration of such measures of public works as were of urgent and pressing importance, would, ho believed, fully occupy the time of Ministers during the period he proposed tliey should be allowed, and would give them very little oppor tunity for idleness orleisure. " Briefly epitomised, the work of . the coming Session will he, if niiuuituitt uu nub uuuw auine designing place- hunter to draw a herring across the scent, (1) a revision and reduction of the expenditure, (2) the revision of the Customs tariff, not witli the: purpose of adding to the burdens of the people in that direction, but in order that tho pressure may.be more equally and more fairly borne, (3) to propose measures of direct taxation, and (4) the consideration of urgent and pressing public works ; in which category Ministers are pledged to include the maintenance of the main roads of the Colony i These will fully occupy tho time .which the majority of .the- Members can afford at this season of the year. The Late Delivery of The Mercury.— We have of late had repeated complaints as to the advanced hour iu the morning at which subscribers received their copies of The Mercury. We frankly I acknowledge the, justice of the complaints, and it has been subject ef very much vexation to us; that we have had to so far trespass ori'the patience : and forbearance of our subscribers. It is needless to say that the strike. among, the printers, which fol lowed, our. refusal to be dictated to as to whom we should . discharge, .whom employ, ..put us to con siderable. inconvenience, and of a nature not readily overcome. In fact it has been a great strain on all hands to maintain such re(Ynlnritv nn wn hnvn linen able, to keep up. But as the old , proverb . says, " It's a long lane that has no turning," and if our subscribers will bear with us for a moriiiiig or two more, arrangements' we have been for soino "time trying to effect will be' so far completed that we Bhall have no more occasion to trespass on the good nature of our subscribers. — - Ministerial Visit; to Charitable Institu tions.— On Monday last the Ministry visited the charitable institutions (male and female) New Town, and the Brickfields' Invalid Depot, and made the ioliowing entry in the visitors' books : — "We have this day inspected the' establishments, and have found everything as orderly, clean, and satisfactory as tho buildings permit.' Present state : Now Town, 413: men, 1152 women, Brickfields, 121 men. - No complaints made by any inmates. Signed — W. R. Giblin, ;Wm. Moore, J. S. Dodds, C.-0'Reilly." Cricketers' Picnic. — The ; Sydney University team of cricketers were treated to a picnic at the Fern-Tree Bower yesterday, by the cricketers of the South. The weather was delightful, and the day was most enjoyably spent Some of the party went to the Springs and other parts of the moun tain;; At luncheon,' several toasts 'wero proposed and responded to, the principal ones being tho visiting team.and the Southern Tasmanian,' Cricket ing ' Association. Those members of the Sydney team, who had not seen the .Bower before, were warm in their praises of the lovely scenery. The team leave by the express train to-morrow morning. St. George's Sunday School,— The children of this Bohool, 'accompanied by the Rev. G. Banks Smith and Mrs; Smith, and- a' large number of teachers and friends, proceeded to Kangaroo Point yesterday for their annual festival. They were joined at the wharf by the children and teachers of St. Steplien'a school, Qaeenborough, aud were given a free Dassagei across the river bv Mr. Tavlor. who has shown his liberality towards them on many former occasions. . On their arrival at Kangaroo Point various games and amusements wero entered into until mid-day, when they partook of the good things provided for them. After much amusement in the "afternoon they returned, thoroughly well pleased with the day's outing. The weather was all that could have been desired. Industrial . School and Orphanage.— The cb ihl ren of these establishments, numbering nearly 70, had a very- pleasant afternoon yesterday at Mr. Sandford Scott's residence at Claremont. They left Hobart Town in the 110 p.m. train, with Mr. Scott and a party of friends, and arrived at New Town shortly after. They then proceeded to Mr. Scott's villa, and were regaled with all kinds of edibles in front of his house, and returned by the G 25 p.m. train, after enjoying a most agreeable excursion. Dr. Silvester. — From the Mercantile Record and Commercial Gazette wo notice that Dr. and Madame Silvester opened at Port Louis, Mauritius, on the 5tli Novomber to a crowded house. The Doctor seems to have created a great sensation with his various feats, and his "entranced lady " completely nonplussed the audience. Diocesan Synod, — The Church Net a s.iys the Bishop has'- issued writs for the appointment of Synodsmen to serve in the new Synod, which, with the advico of his Council, will be summoned to meet on Tuesday, the 3rd of Febraary, by which time it is to be hoped tho session of Parliament will bo over. ... Visit or the Bishop and Dean to England. — The Church Netcs says : — " It is, wo believe, almost definitely arranged that the Bishop, after more than fifteen, years!, administration of . the Diocese,- un broken by one week's retirement from active employ ment, i3 abont to pay a short visit to England. It is the intention of the Dean to accompany the Bishop and his family, a very favourable opportunity having offered itself of securing the services at the Cathedral-parish of a gentleman who has lately returned from England with tho highest testimonials for parochial work, long valued in the city of Brisbane. The Bishop, after the session .of Synod, will piy a visit to the North Coast before his departure." TheGf-seral Hospital. —The quarterly inspection of the General Hospital was made by the Board of Management yesterday afternoon, when the follow ing members were present :— The Chairman (Dr. Smart), Vice-chairman (Mr. R. A. Mather), Major- Gcneral Irvine, Messrs. Dowdell, Csstray, Grant, Brownell, and Addison. The whole of the pre- raises wero inspected, and general satisfaction was expressed with the state in which everything was found, and especially with the apartments for males and females who require to be placed under re straint or observation. Great improvements have been effected in these places of seclusion (formerly called cells). Males are now placed in a different part of the hospital altogether to the females, and the general arrangemouts for the comfort of the patients have been considerably improved. Hospital Cases. — William Young, aged 20, who is employed at Johnson's jam factory, had his left ankle contused by a bag of sugar falling on it. He was taken to the hospital, where advice was given him, and he left. John Lewis, aged 54, was struck in his left eye by an ear of corn whilst lie waB reap- ing. On being examined at the hospital, there seemed to he some risk of permanent injury to the sight. A man, aged 59, fell off a stack of hay and fractured bis left collar bone. He avas taken to the Lospital, where the hone was set and he left. T.nmas Bothwick was admitted to the hospital,' having been kicked by a horse on the left knee. Advice was given hiin for tho injured joint, aud he left the institution. < . Sudden Death. — A woman named Mary Ann Watts, alias Rice, who was residing on the Old Wharf, died suddenly on Monday night. The deceased underwent an operation' at tho General Hospital, about two months ago, and was discharged from that institution as being convalescent on Saturday last, It is somewhat singular that 'a woman who was discharged as convalescent on Saturday, should have required to be re-admitted in such a critical state that she died on the follow ing, Monday night. Singular, too, that her re- admission was not recorded, at least, such is our information. The matter; was reported toitlie police, and the body was removed to the morgue attached to the hospital, shortly after 12 o'clock yesterday morning. It is probable that an inquest will he held. i British Medical. Association. — At a meeting of the Council of the Viotorinn branch of tho British Medical Association,' held in Melbourne on Friday last, a letter. was read from Dr. Bright, of Hobart Town, stating that: at present circumstances were not favourable to the. establishment; of a branch of : the Association in Tasmania,;- , ; - Cm-, Police Court,— Mr. Tarleton, P.M., pre sided .at this Court yesterday, James Finney, for using obscene language on the 3rd instant, was fined' 5s." William McQuade, alias Smith, nn old offender, for begging alms, was sent to the House of Correction tor a fortnight. John Lindsay, a sea- inao,- for ' absenting himself from his ship .the Wagoola, was similarly dealt with. Patrick Dillon pleaded guilty to the information of C.D.C. Qiiod- ling, charging him with furious driving on the New Town Road on the < 27th ult. It seemed that the defendant persisted in flogging his horse, and camn into collision with another vehicle. Defendant was fined 40s. and costs. Some delay then arose while an; officer was despatched for a second magistrate. The services of the Hon. J. T. Robertson were eventually secured. ' Elizabeth Anderson, alias Smith, an old offender, was charged with stealing a coat, value £2, the property of Mr. William Ikin. The prison' r elected to bo dealt with summarily, and pleaded guilty. The coat was stolen from Mr. Ikin's shop. The prisoner was committed to gaol for threo months, with' hard labour. The hearing of tho case of Brett v. Hill and Hill was adjourned until this morning. A Tribute of Esteem.— Recently Mr. Charles Hazell, J.P., was subjected to a nominal penalty in a case Zelley v. Hazell, heard at Sorell. The decision was very . keenly felt by Mr. Hazell, and this becoming known, some of his brother magis trates—Messrs. R. Croker, J. T. Coram, G. Mar shall, W. W. Henwood, F. C. Steele, and E. Marshall— presented him with an address, stating that the high estimation in which he is held, both for bis public services as a councillor and a coroner, and in bis private capacity, ought to relievo him from further troubling himself about a trifling and nominal penalty. If, however, they added, the ex pression of their sense of the high esteem in which he is held — not only by the Beuch before whom tho' caso was decided, hut by his brother magistrates' throughout Sorell — for integrity, impartiality, diligence, and fidelity on the Beuch since lie was placed on the commission of the peace thirteen years ago, be any consolation to him they most cheerfully accord it. They did, this with all the more pleasure because, while it no way reflected on the magistrates who composed the Bench when ho was fined, it received their hearty concurrence, and their names were attached to tho address. Pieman, and How. to Get There. — A corrc-' spondent writing from Stanley says that great' numbere are about proceeding to the Pieman, and that prospectors estimate that the distance between obuuiey uiju xiemuii uuiy auuui> o\j miiea. Our correspondent, as he considers a road between' the two places an indispensable requirement, asks why Government neglect to carry out so palpable a : part of their duty. We are inclined to answer — Because the Public Works Department fails to do its duty to the public. It is always finding some excuse for putting off necessary,, work. The Circus.— The English Circus Company gave their last performance, for the present, last night to a poor, audience. The entertainment, which was for the joint benefit of Messrs. Hayes and Leopold, was a repetition of what has already been per formed by the troupe. It was gone through in a spirited manner, notwithstanding the discouraging effects of n scanty' attendance. Before the con clusion of the programme the manager' stated that ; the troupe would appear at Hobart Town during the race week, when they would be strengthened by ' some 'other performers who are expected 'to come out from England in the -s.s. John Elder. The company intend making a country tour, and open at Victoria, Huon, to-night. . The programme of their tour is advertised. . Theatre Royal. — The realistic drama Sea of lee was again presented; by: the Hollo way Dramatic Company at the Theatre Royal ; last evening to n large audience, nnd most assuredly again ' found favour with the patrons who witnessed the admir able acting of the performers, and the excellent way in' which the breaking up of the ice and other mechanical arrangements . were carried out. The story of tho drama is perfectly natural and con nected, and serves as a good opportunity for the company, and especially Miss Flora Anstead, to show their versatility of style. Mr. W. J. Holloway again played Carlos powerfully,' and the other characters were as well sustained as on the previous evening. 'The same programme, will be repeated to-night. On Thursday the favourite Irish drama, Colleen Baton, will be given for that niglit only. Friday i9 a vice- regal command niglit, when His Excellency the Governor will he present, and when, by his special request, tile over-popular comedy Our Boys will be again produced, with, in all pro bability, one of Mr. Carey's screaming farces as an afterpiece. There is some talk of Miss Dargon paying us a visit shortly under Mr. HoIIoway's management, so that there will be no lack of special attraction about the present season at tho Theatre. The season has so far been a highly suc cessful one, even putting out of sight the powerful counter attractions which have contested with it tho premier position in publio favour. \- Pepper at the Town Hall.— Professor Popper appeared at tlio Town Hall lost night in an alto gether now light. There was a large attendance," and the performance was in the presence of His Excellency the Governor and some members of his family,. attended by Mr. George Browne, Acting Private Secretary. The Hon. Dr. Butler, Speaker of the House of Assembly, was also present. The Professor gave the first of a series of lecture enter tainments, resulting in a unanimous verdict of approval, testified by frequent bursts of applause. The subject of the lectnre was " Light and Optics," and'tlie result was that, rejecting generally unin telligible technical terms, and equally as difficult demonstrations, the Professor succeeded in im parting a wonderful amount of scientifio informa tion in . a most attractive wav. made even nioro acceptable owing to the variety and exquisite charac ter of the practical illustrations with which it was accompanied. Hitherto it has been said, "Oh, you have not seen the Professor yet," and last night's performance fully bore out this obser vation. He gave his first instalment of science in about an hour, presenting, as it were, a bouquet of scientific facts, ' the remembrance of which will last for many years. Ho introduced his subject by a recital of Milton's immortal pauegyrio on light, then glauced nt tho eigantic labours in the causo of science by Sir Isaac Newton, after which tho audience were favoured with a most graphic description of the component parts and state of fusion of the sun. Most ingenious appli ances were then employed for illustrating the maimer in which waves of light, boat, and sound were transmitted, particular attention being paid to demonstrating the transmission of light and heat from the sun. By means of these displays the audience were, as Btated by the Professor, pro vided with a most complete chain of practical reasoning. TiBley's compound pendulum was also brought into use, and its performances wero of a . most interesting land, revealing the form of.ransio notes in the shape of harmony, discord, and an octave. As an exposition' of the principles of vibratory motion and sympathetic . vibration, last night's lecture entertainment was most complete. The introduction to a lecture on tho "Persistenco of Vision " was also given. Next came a series of illustrations.of "Torpedo Warfare," and these wero followed by a " ghost farco " entitled "Tho Artist's Dream,',' the effects being produced by Metempsy chosis' illnsory apparatus. To-night the same pro gramme, omitting tho Torpedo Warfare views, will lie repeated, and it shonld not fail to draw a large amount of patronage. Disturbance on s.s. Southern Cross. — A serious disturbance took placo oil board the s.s. .Southern Cross during the excursion trip on New Year's Day to tlio Huon Regatta. A sailor belong ing to H.M.S. Wolverene strnck the second mate of tho seeamer. The assault was witnessed by one of the officers of the Wolverene, and the seaman has since been sentenced to 2S days' imprisonment in the gaol. . The Largest Salmon Yet. — Such a heading will attract the particular notice of all who take an interest in the experiment of acclimatising the salmon in the waters of the Derwent. Mr. L. Jones, the master of the ketch Rachel Thompson, informs us that on Sunday lie was ont on a pleasure trip in Adventure Bay with a party of Hobart Town young gentlemen. While fishing with two grahall nets lashed together, they caught a salmon 2GJin. long, which was put into the well of the boat, and on arrival of the ketch last night was still alive. : The fish may be seen this morning on board the Rachel Thompson. _ We may ; mention that a large quantity of flounders and other lish was also caught. "Flowers. — Messrs. W. Sayer and Sons, of Sandy Bay, have favoured us with some new Japanese Diantlius, Hcddewigii, or Indian Pinks, named Eastern Queen, and Crimson Belle. The Journal of Horticulture says of these flowers, when exhibited by 'Messrs. Carter and Co., of London, "The size, substance, and richness of the flowers were remark able." ' There is also a black pansy, named the Black Prince. Valuable Shorthorn Importation. — By the Flinders, on Saturday, a splendid Durham ball arrived to the order of Messrs. W. Gibson and Sou, of Scone. Tlic animal is named Fusilier, uuil is a pure Durham bull of the Bates line of blood and of the famed Duchess strain, and is three year old. He was bred (says tlio Examiner) by the well- known breeder Mr. Larking, aud was imported last April in the Cambrian' Prince, by Mr. W. MeCul- loch, of the Gleuroy . herd, Victoria, who, perhaps, ' now has tho' most select herd in Australia. - Fusilier is . a rich deep red, aild is a lengthy hull with splendid quarters and well; shaped neck, and altogether is a magnifioent specimen of the Shorthorn. His sire is the Third Duke of Hillhurst, who was imported to England from America by the famous Shorthorn breeder the Earl of Duninore, and was sold at his sale for tho large sum of 3,000gs; ' He possesses two of tho most cherished strains of the Bates blood — the celebrated Oxford and the famous Duchess. Fusilier's dam is by Fuchsia's Duchess, by Lord Tregunter. The Bires in> tliis pedigree are all of the purest Bates blood, and at the great Dunmore sale, two or three years back, three ; females. ;o£ tho tribe sold -for ,l,910gs., and the . same year Fuchsia ,0th sold for OGOgs. Comment on , this grand blood is superfluous, and to those who know anything of Shorthorns the mere mention' of tlio names of tlio sires speaks. volumes.' Coates' Herd Book contains no better dine of, blood, and Fusilier is about tho most highly- bred bull ever imported to Tasmania. Ho has, been rented by Messrs. Gibson and Son for tius sum of 30023. for 12 months, with the right of purchase, and wo hope these gentlemen will reaparieh rewnrdfor' their spirited venture. With cows by that good hull Duke of .Rockingham II. (also of the famous , Bates jhlood) crossed with Fusilier, Scone (already the leading Shorthorn herd in Tasmania) promises to' have a grand future. Victoria Revenue Returns. — The revenue returns for the quarter and year just expired have been issued promptly (says the Argus). For tho quarter the total; revenue was £79,101 less than that of the corresponding quai ter in 1S7S ; and the revenue for, the year shows a falling off to the extent of £182, 154 as compared with 1S78. The Customs revenue for the last, quarter was £50,050 les3 than in the last three months of 1S7S, and for the year just ended £41, 170 dess. than in 1S7S. The inland revenue returns show that £17,245 was received as stamp duties up to the end of last month. They came into operation ' on the ISth of that montii. The railway revenue' (exclusive of the old Mel bourne and :Hobsou's Bay Company's lines) was less by £2G, 730. in the last quarter than in the last three months of 1S7S, and less by £34,640 in 1S79 than in 1S7S. -The expenditure for the last quarter exceeded the receipts for the 'same period by £1 S3, 203. Srn Archibald Michik: — A penny subscription has been made in Melbourne for the purposo of re couping Sir Archibald Micliie tho £3 3s. lie sub- scribed on behalf of the colony towards the Summers memorial, hut which Mr. Berry declined to recognise as legitimate expeudituro for the agtnt- geueral to incur. Tho gentlemen who made /the collection inform the Argus that they could readily have raised ten times the amount, as all classes of the community were anxious to express their iudiguation at the petty conduct of the Treasurer. The ' subscription— amounting to 750 pennies — was handed to the editor of tho Argus, and forwarded by liim to Sir A. Miehie, who re turned it as a donation to the hospital. The Murdered Constables.— According to the Batatta Standard, "some hitch is likely to arise regarding the erection of a tombstone in the Mans field cemetery over the graves of Sergeant Kennedy and Constables Lonegan and Scanlon, who were murdered by the Kelly gang. A number of gentle men, with the assistance of the Government grant, have secured about £200, with , which it was in tended to erect a suitable tombstone over the graves of the unfortunate policemen. . On account of two- of the deceased being Roman Catholics, and the buiru a jrrobes&itna;,-ia was aeciueu rnac tne uotues should first belaid together, and in order to effect this, the consent was obtained from Mrs. Kennedy' and tho relatives of- the other two for the necessary removal, so that tlie;.three bodies shall be placed side by side in the ground over which the tomb stone is to be erected. To this step Father O'Reilly, the priest residing at Mansfield, has objected, and he refuses to sanction either the: removal of the bodies from the Roman Catholic ground, or the in terment of the Protestant body in the Romau Catholic ground. We consider the Roman' Catholic Bishop should be appealed to iu ; this case for permission to sanction the request asked. It seems hard that these brave fellows, who lived,; fouglit, aud died together, should have 'their ashes! separated under such circumstances by tlio mandate! of one person. , .If the.request'is not complied with, i wo would suggest that tbe three bodies he exhumed, i and placed under the large monument about to be ' erected in- tho cross streets of Mansfield by: the; Mnrdered Police Memorial Fund Committee." ' Assaulting' a Judge.— Quoting tlie Golos, the: Glolie says : — " Last Friday (October 31) an extraordinary crime, was perpetrated at the St. Petersburg Palais do Justice. . A private soldier, of immense size and strength, named Alexandroff, was condemned in the usual course of the judicial pro ceedings to three years' imprisonment with hard labour for robbery with violence. ' After the 're moval of the prisoner lie expressed an earnest desire to communicate something of importance to the jndgo. . Mr.. Tchuchawoff, on hearing the request, left liis seat and approached the man, who, as soon as he was sufficiently close, sprang suddenly upon him, dragged him" by the heard to the ground, and then shouting, You scoundrel, you have sentenced me to three years, have you? I'll teach yon a lesson,' proceede.d to beat him with his fists. .The blows of tho enraged assailant were so heavy that the shrieks of the judge were heard by people on the thiid floor of the bnilding. The warder, taken by snrprise, did not offer assistanco'till the jndge was already on the -floor, "and then omitting to leave go his..rifle and using only one hand, was unable ..to impede Alexandroff. in his attack until other persons in the . court co-operated in the seizure of- the prisoner. The judge was afterwards found to hare .suffered so much from the attack that he was dnahle to more without the help of the officials." ' ; Death of a Prince.— The Crown Prince of Tonga, who has been, on a visit to New Zealand for tho benefit of his health, died at Auckland on December 22." 'The "JVefti Zealand Herald states:— "The disease from which the Prince died was enlarge ment of the liver nnd general dropsy. Several medical consultations were held, and everything was done Jhat human skill could do, but all to no effectr The decease of the Prince will east a gloom over the Friendly Islands, and will bo n shock to the old KiDg, who is said to be over SO years of age. Tho deceased Prince was about 54 years of age; and was a member of the Wesleynn Metho dist Church. For many years he was Governor of Vavau, and has always taken an active part in the affairs of the . government of Tonga. Since tho granting of the present constitution to the Friendly Islands ho has held the office of Premier. He is reported by thoso who knew him well to have been a shrewd mail of business, an excellent sneaker.. and well conversant, not only with the politics of his own land, but also of European nations. Some two years ago the Emperor William of Germany con- j ferred upon him the order of the Crown of Prussia of tho second class. Ho leaves two sons and a daughter. The succession, we are informed, ac cording to the present constitution, goes to his son, Princo Wellington Tuboumnlchi, tho present ; Governor of Vavau, who is described as being a , well-educated Prince— can speak English tolerably .well, Ms a good musician, and a young man of engaging manners, and of good ability. We believe it is tho intention of the Rov. S. W. Baker to have the royal corpse taken nt once to Tonga, a lead coffin hermetically sealed having already been pro cured. " The Latest Story About the PorE.— Says tho writer of " Lnndi n Town Talk " in the Argus .-—His Holiness the Pope, thongh ho has lost his temporali. ties; seems to retain a toberably keen eyo to this world, nnd to What unspiritual persons consider tlio main chance. An English lady of rank, a pervert, .took some family diamonds 'to liim the other day in torder.that he n)igllt bles3,th(j:n, which it appears is :n cjiiiiuou praotice with him, by.wliich : ho confers an inestimable benefit at what heretics consider a cheap rjito. He has also another custom of accept ing the offerings of the faithful for the tise of tho Holy See, nnd on this particular occasion tho cus toms got mixed. Ho took tlio family diamonds witli an angelic smile, and — no doubt mistakiug her ladyship's purpose— handed them over to his treasurer, who has got them still. It is one of those "hard cases," and, indeed, one very hard npon the lady in question, which Vanity Fair puts before its readers every week. Perhaps the gentle man. who solves those riddles could inform the lady (though a little late) what she ought to have done. Some people, of course, Would have cried "Hi, "or " No, you don't," hut to one of licr opinions it was impossible. Ristori. — Madame Adelaide Ristori lias formed tlio decision to make another trip ronnd the world, and lias collected a company of very ablo assistants to nccompany her. She will first appear in the Royal Playhouse in Berlin, and hns already signed the necessary contract. Afterwards she intends to visit the principal places in Europe, and will also go to Australia, where she was so well received on a former occasion. Madame Ristori, having an ample fortune, could well afford to live at ease in her villa at Rome, hut the attraction of the boards, representing the world, seems as strong in her case as in many other artists, who are very averse to leave the footlights. Colonial Defences. — The first meeting of the Commission appointed to enquire into the subject of colonial defence (says the P. M. Gazette) has heen held at a time which gives additional signi ficance to their investigations. It is to be hoped that this matter will not drag on after the fashion oi Commissions as a rule. Thore is good reason to believe that tho colonies are ready to aid the Imperial Government to put the whole question of general defence upon a satisfactory footing, and it might he wished that they were more fnlly repre sented upon tbe Commission — in particular Canada and New Zealand. Properly organised and con nected by telegraph, our various dependencies would present such a front that, if our navy is maintained as all parties agree in wishing it to be maintained, it would be impossible for any foreign Power or combination of Powers to keep the sea against us. This alone would give us again the advantage which proved overwhelming in the old wars. \Vo can take as much or as little of war as wc like except in one part of the world, aud thnt now wo ought to be able to secure. But what is to lie done should be done promptly. AYo have seen what serious injury we inflicted upon ourselves by neglecting to lay down a telegraph cable to South Africa. There are at this moment important ports undefended and valuable colonies more or less open to attack. It would bo easy for Lord Carnarvon's Commission to specify these and give recommenda tions as to what should be done, and done almost immediately. Mauritius.— -The Mauritius correspondent of the South Australian Register says, in his letter dated the 10th November : — " The only political event of importance the refusal of tho Secretary of State to sanction the appointment of a fourth judge of tho Supreme Court, which the Governor, on the advice of his Council, had instituted as a provisional measure to cleur off the large accumulated amount of arrears. The despatch conveying thiR intimation is couched in language the reverse of courteous, and has aroused great public indignation. A petition by the whole of tho bar, and another by the offioial members of the Council, have been prepared and sont home. - The susceptibilities of the French section of our community have been deeply touched: bythe.toneandtorms of the despatch in question." New Discovery in Butter-Making.— A discovery has heen lately made which brings a now element into tho calculation of the future' of the trade in butter. A process of preserving butter has been proved successful, the result involving consequences which 110 one yet can adequately foresee. On the 24th July, Mr. G. M. Allender, tho Managing Diiector of the Aylesbury Dairy Company, put a churning of butter to the test, treating it in accordance witli a new jiroccss brought 'before him. Tlio butter was placed in a firkin, without salt. The firkin remained on the premises of the Com pany at St. Potersburgli-place, Bayswater, London, for three months, and when examined on October 24, it was ns sound and sweet as when first put in. Practi cally this butter was exposed to the atmosphere during the wbole'liine, seeing that ail found free admittance into the firkin. On smelling and tasting it.yestcrday we found it perfectly sweet, firm, and so excellent in flavour, that we coulil not tell it from butter innde the day bofore. Experts in the business, both in this country and in Ireland, have had samples, nnd pro nounce the preservation wonderful. The effect will be to drive all salt butter out of tbe market. In order to make it keep, the Irish and all imported bntter is now- mixed with 0 or 0 per cent, of salt. Under tbe new system I per cent, of salt will he ample for tlie purpose; nnd the cost of tbe preservative will not exceed lialf-a- crown for a 5Glb. firkin, or little more tbari a half- penny per pound. The difference in value between a very mildly-salted end a coarse and strongly-pickled butter is at least 4il. per pound, anil hence it appears possible that fortunes may bo made by substituting preserved for salted butter. It is not possible to estimate the gain of being able to displace from our tables nnd from our cookciics the objectionable snlt butter, the change being especially grateful to voyagers on shipboard and to countries which depend upon imported butter. Tlio great merit of the invention consists in its simplicity. The lintter, worked witli a trifling quantity of tho material directly after churning, koeps good and sweet for months without any particular packing or any caro bestowed npon its situation or temperature. — Times. An unclaimed telegram addressed " Alex. Ringwood, Hobart Town," is lying at tho local office. The annual meeting of shareholders in the Tasmania Fire Insurance Co. is to be held nt the office, Mac quarie-street, on Wednesday, 21st in3t., at 11 a.m. A grand complimentary tea party is to he given to Mr. i ' ope r, at the Tasmanian Hall, on Monday evening next. Eightpaticnts affected with Phthisis pulmonalis iu its first stage, treated by GrimauWs Syrup of I/itpo- phosnhite of Lime during a period varying between six weeks and four months, are so well recovered at tho present time that there' is nn possibility to witness tho presence of tubercules in their lungs ; the enre reckons now two yeara. — Vienna Medical Gazelle, ivu3tria. 