AN ANTIQUAEY'S GHOST STOKT. {From the Xondon Athenaumi) Little more than two months have passed since my own personal experience of mental phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the ocourrence with which the following narra tive deals. Yet already I find that round the original story there has gathered a surprising accumulation of the mythical element, and that I myself am in danger of becoming a hero of romance in mote senses than ono. As I object to be looked upon as a kind of medium to whom supernatural, visitation a' aro vouchsafed, and, on (he other hand, do not wish to be set down as a crazy dreamer, whose diso/ganiserl nervous ayatem renders him abnormally liable to fanlastio deluaions, I have yielded to the earnest request of aome who have begged me to make publio the fol lowing paper. lam told that th'ere aro tboso who bnsy themselves in collecting similar Btotios, and if it bo bo, it is better they ahould hear the faots from me than after they have passed through o'hor channels. The narra tive was written, at the request of a friend, not many days after the event, -when all the cirouniBtnnces were fresh in my reoolleotiou : On tbe 10th of October. 1879. I drovo over from Norwich to Mannington Hal], to; spend the night at Lord Orford's. Though ? 1 W)8 in perfect health and. high spirits, it, iB fair to state that f or ^eorne. weeks previ- i ously I hsd had a great deal to think aoout, : some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of one kind or another. I was not, however, -conscious of -anything, approaching weariness, irritability, on 'fag.' I arrived at 4 p.m., and was. engaged in pleasant and animated convejv fation till it was time^ to dress' for dinner. We dined at seven ; our party numbered! six persons. Of these, four at least had been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener; the talk was general and dis-: cursive, and amused and intejested moil greatly. Not for a single moment did it; turn upon the supernatural ; it was chiefly;, concerned with questions of art;, and tho experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe in- j fnllicranHxT wlinf, t-.hnir hnr\ Rflpn n.Tlli n.nrri- \ ment upon it suggestively. I have very: rarely been at a more pleasant party.; After dinner we played a rubber. We1 ' left off as we began,' and as two of the guests had some distance to drive, we broke up at half -past ten. j . The main object of my going over toj Mannington was to examine aud take notes1 upon some very rare booka in Lord Orford's) library, which I had been anxiously wishing; to get a Bight of for some years,' but tradl never been fortunate enough to meet wilb: up to this time. I aaked leave to ait up for, I some- hours and make transcripts. Hin I lordship at flrBt wiBhed me to let bis valet I remain iu attendance to-see all the lights put out, but asthis would have embarrassed me, and compelled me to go' to bed earlier, than I wished, and as it seemed likely that I should be occupied.till two or three in the morning, it waa agreed that I ..should be I left to my own devices, and the. servants ahould be allowed to retire. By ;.eleven o'clock I waa tho only person downstaire* and I was very soon buaily at work, and absorbed in my occupation. The room in which I was,writing is a large one, with a huge fire-place and a grand old chimney ; and it iB nsedleBB to eay that it is . furnished with every com fort aod luxury. The ? library .opens into tnis room, and I had to paaa out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon, a chair to reach the volumes I wanted to examine. rPhai.a wjiru ai-r ctmtLlI TfilnmAa in fill. I took them down, aud placed them ae my I right hand in a, little pile, and Bet to_work \- — sometimes reading, sometimes writing. I As I finished with a book, I placed it in I front of me. There were four, silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and, as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of. -the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I j had finished with -a11 book,' I rosej knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my _taak Mil nearlv one o'clock. I had eot on better than I expeoted, and I had only one more book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my I watch, and opened a bottle of Seltzer J water, and I remember thinking to myself fcbat I should get to bed by two after all. X-set to ' work at the last little book. I had been engaged upoa it about half an hour, I and was ju=t beginning to think that my j work was drawing to a oIobb, when, as I was actually writing. I saw a large white hi-nd within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat' 1-irgn man, with hia baok to the fire, leaning lightly over the table, and apparently | examining the pile' of books that I had been engaged upon. Tbe man's faoe was turned ftivay frommeibutlsaw LiaoloBely cut, reddiBh-brownhair/his ear and shayed aaeek , the oyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of- the forehead, and the large, high cheek-bone. He was dressed ,in what I can only describe as a kind, of ecclesias tical habit of thick corded silk, or some such material, close up to tho throat, and la narrow rim or edging, about an inch I broad, of , satin or velvet, serving aa a I stand-up collar, and fitting olose to^the I chin. The risrht hand, which had first atiraobed my attention, waB clasping, with out any groat pressure, the lefb hand,; both hands.were in perfeot, repose, and the largo bluo veins of the right hand were con spicuous. I remember thinkinpf .that the hand was like the hand , of Telasquoz's magnificent 'Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sure that he was not a reality. A thouaont tnougnts. came crowuiug ,. uyuu uiut ,-wl*u not tbe least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. .For an instant I felo eager .to make a sketch of- my friend, and I looked at a ? tray on. my right for a,.pencilj then I thought, 'XIp- stairs I have a sketch-book— shall I fete it ?' There he sat, and I was fascinated afraid, not of hiB, staying, oui lest he should \go.'. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left habu irom the paper, etrciohed it' out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did .this; jay;, aim paaaed in frqnt of tbe figure, and it vamehei I was, Biinply.di;Bappointed, and nothing wore I 1 went on with my ^^iting.ft» ii; nqthingtaa J hsppened tor ptttypg itwtiw't five mtnntoBi and I had aotaally got to tho ?;l»Bt,fe« words ; bliwhat I h»d, determined to oxtraot, -(7060 the figure appeared again, exaotly in the same place and attitnde as before, I saw the hands dose to my own ;. I tamed my head . ' again^ to examine him more oloaely, and I : waB framing a B.entonoo to address to him, when I discovered that I did not dare, to apeak. I was afraid of the tound of wy own ' voice. There ha sat, and tbere aat I. I tnrnad my: head again to my work, and finiBhad writing the two or three words I still had to write.' The paper, and my notes ato ' ' at this moment before me, and exhibit,, not the slightest tramonr or liervoainoBa. I oould ?point out tbe worda I was writing when tho phantom oame and when he disappeared. ' ti. Having finished my task.I Bbnt the bookand . throw it on the table ; it mads a Blight noise aa it fell ; the'figare vanished. ,'. Throwing royaelf back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking ut tho fire with a curious mixturo of feeling, and I remember wondeiina whether my friend1 would come again, and, if ho did, whether / he would hide tbe fire from me. Then first there stole upon ma a dread and a suspicion that I was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning ; then I ro36, lit my bedroom candle, took my Uookiinto the inner library, mounted the chi^r, as before, and replaced five of the volumes ; ,the Bixth I brought back an14aid upon the ,tabi» where I had been writing when the -phontpm did me the honour to appeat to me. ^By thi^ time I bad lost all sense of - ' . uneasinesa. I blew out the four candles, and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty— I know not which— but I slept very soundly. This is a Bimple and unvarnished narra tive of facts. Explanation, theory; op inference I leave to others, Augustus Jessopp, D.D. New Sappkiee Mines— A valuable dis covery of sapphire mines has been made in Siam, and there is a 'rush' to the new diggings. Many of the subordinate government. offieiiik have resigned their posta in order to be early on the.' sp^and it is expeo'ed that there will soon b» an influx of South African diamond miners. Those eapphirea which have reicaed '. Ban»kofc are said to be largo and beautiful.. ' A New Pnoioomraia Phooess. — Tne Japanese are now Beginning to return in iind some of the soientifio inBtrnoflon whioh they have so diliRenlly borroserj from Earopo during several jcmb P!»b*- One of the firat-frnita of their Western oultnre- is a new sort of photograph, something Bimilar to the well-known English type-printing photograph. It had long been observed by the workmen engaged in m-jkiug' Japanese lacquer, that one of the, 8ubst,ince3 has the singular property of becoming almost _aa hard as a stone when exposed to the action of sunlight'; and a Japanese inventor has conceived' tho fdea of applying it in. the preparation of relief photographs. A .slab covered with thu material ia exposed for twelve hours to daylight, which is allowed to pbbb through the 'negative' plata , . placed in front of it. By this time tbo slab' has become hardened to different de wees according to.tae intensity of the light filling on it, or, in other words, according to the light and shade of the negative in front ; and upon carefoUy scraping away the softer parts, a pictorial surface, itt' low reilOE !? Uvb^*ubuj u*..-*..-— *— — — — — I} — . ... blopk, and suitable for printing from. , .V , A CfEOQBiPHicAt. Game. — An amusing - and instructive geogrliphipat game has just been invented by M. Leva'sseur, a well known French geographer. It is called ' Tour du Monde,' and ib played on a large terrestrial globe, richly illustrated, arid divided into 232 spherical rectangles, each of whioh is marked with a number corres ponding to a number on a Ii3t which in dioate3 .gains or losses in the game. A i brass rib or' meridian running from pale to pole of the globe, but raised above tho latter, is peiforated with a row of eighteen holes: ana mere are eigu«;cu i.»uy u»B= . provided for the purpose of being planted ; L, the holea. Each flag comsponds to one of the' principal states of the world, from China tbe ? most populous, to Holland the;, least populous. To play the game the globs is aet -jayaa-. ing, aiid: a' player, opmmenoing1 at the south pole, plants a flag into eabh hole one after another, at eaoh 'revolution of the globe, and ' advances norOiwardB. ,The score, of the - i'nlayer, wfiio.b may.be either a gain or a lpsa, is listbrminedby tha-natura 01 -me ibbib indicated on the reotaugular space above whioh-aflsg may Btand when the globe stops revolving ; and- this is, of oourse, the inter eiting and bumonrsna -part of thegame. Loriuon, for example, ooums thirty; ' PatiB twenty, aud bo on,-aooording to; popnlation, ? ?Aooal- minei a Manoheater cotton -factory^ a ? orain mart, all-ate laofeoned gainB; 'butian enoounter with a Zulu or a -Upn in AfriCBj a atorm -in -the AUantio,. a polar iceberg, » a otpoodila on . tneNil^naturallygo for Beiioua losses.'' ' ; -', ? ??- *_'?.' ???? ? __?'? .? 1'i. Oawivb Lioni.-rfVe navenaa oooaoiuu »u refer to various Jtaotioal applications. .of certain nhosphoresoent Bubstanosa . to illu minating purpoaeB, ana especially .to the -inminoJ paint' of Mr. W.H..Ba main. . TbiB material, baa of late -een' brought into . , greater prominenoe, and baa 1. bean, put ito ; jevoral impprlantuBoa. It.wiU bo remom bered that the paint ia made by miuag a Beli-lnminons. anlpbiae or other gait -of : oalcirim with ,'the materials' ofr ordinary obldurleas paiute. When exposed ; tor »ome time to daylight, or to the powerful ray« of the ereotno aro or burning magnesium wire,, the sensitive, It id' tho paint Eeema to acquire a mole- ? v . ... oula'r vibration wbioh in darknesa gives \ rise to fraye? of light, whicn are seen aa a soft violet ph03pbprescence growing w.hiter as it ia more' intense. A piece of card- ; .. .; board two feet Bqnare, it. coated witb. th| , ,.,.. paint, makeB an excellent hand-lamp, and . , snow, .we believe,' being tried for thia^ur ' poae'in the dangerpus spirit vattlta of tho ? Weaf India Dooks, and in tbe gunpowder ? nia^asines of one ;of her Majeaty s iron- - , oladB. The Admiralty have made experi- ' . ments with the new illuminant in - dwk ened room at Whitehall, wim a «™ i« ™=u its capability for nise an .,0. wall- paint .to lighten the d«k compartments of ironclads ; dnd'the dial indicators fo.r showing^ tbe epeed' of the engines on board. H.W.8i'.' Northampton are to fce faced with it, so asto show the index by night without the aid oJ - a lamp. An exceedingly interesting parlour trick can bo played with a piece of pard board painted with the luminous material in this way :— Expose the sensitive surface iO dayuffntj wnn » yuu'/ v* w«».v* w«*- -^-— o on it fo? suoh time as will allow the surface to take in a good supply of light ; on re- . moving the oard then to a dark place, and abstracting the coin unobserved, wasurta-ca will be luminous with tbe exception of tha. round spot whioh had been covered by the coin. TniB part wiU, in fact, be a pewtstenfc shadow of tho coin after the latter has been ^JStM^^^V,^-':-/'' yon U*Z' ' ' ' I know that,' replied. Cooke, ?»B«tyou!mow the Soriptuw coromandsM , ?toihrf»6urenemie*--«oheMS««Sj - '. ';V; , 