WESLEY AN TEA MEETING AND CONCERT AT THE GREENOUGH FLATS. On Friday evening last- a tea meeting was held in the Central Schoolhouse, Green- ough, the proceeds of which are to be applied in aid of foe fund for furnishinc andflnish- mg foe Wesleyan place of worship in that district. There was a very fair attendance, including some visitors from Champion Bay. The Rev. T. C. Laurance of North ampton, occupied foe chair, and a most substantial tea was provided. In describ ing this spread I am somewhat at a loss. There is a stereotyped set of phrases in uni versal demand by foe reporters of tea fights, banquets, and fob like, and it is hard to find a new epithet. The yiands were " recherche'.' (particularly the fresh butter), the cakes, of " exquisite" flavor, foe sand wiches " piquant," tlie tea had a " delicious aroma," and foe tables 11 literally groaned" under their weight of delicacies. After grace had been pronounced, the onslaught commenced, and for twenty minutes, little was heaid but clattering of cups and sau cers, violent rotation of teaspoons, and va rious sounds indicative of satisfactory mas tication. Thanks being returned, the com pany, serenely full, settled themselves to listen to the concert. It is not the custom to subject amateur vocalists or instrumen tal performers to severe "criticism. One is more apt to praiso them for foe time and trouble" expended in preparation, their kind ness in providing amusement for so many, than to judge them for faults of style or otherwise. Mr. Laurance opened the pro ceedings by giving an address, in his well known happy and colloquial manner, and then introduced Mr. Dean, who sang foe " Marseillaise Hymn." This gentleman has a pleasant baritone voice, and gave this fine old piece in very tolerable style. He was accompanied on the harmonium by Miss Jewell. The next song was ".Juan- ita," which was agreeably rendered by Mrs. Edwd. Gray— Miss Maley playing the ac companiment. Here the programme was interrupted by the Chairman calling upon Mr. J . T. Shaw, of Geraldton, as a brother chip, to address foe assembly. This re quest was immediately complied with, and Mr. Shaw made some eulogistic remarks upon Wesleyanism, ani .members of that body generally. Mr. Shaw rather amused his hearers by telling them that Mr.; Lau rance, at a certain meeting in Perth, < some yeans back, Had been under the - neceessity of calling him to order, for unseemly con duct, and contrasting his present- decorous behaviour with his demeanour on that oc casion. Mr. Reuben Morrell then sangthe favourite nautical ballad of " Nancy Lee," which was received with hearty applause. For the next item Mrs. Maley sang " Whip- poor- Will." This, in my opinion, was by far the nicest song of the evening. It has a graceful melody, and was not only ren dered in afreeand unembarrassed style, but well accompanied by Miss Jewell. . And I may ' remark, en parenthese, .foat an Alex andre harmonium is not a suitable instru ment to accompany songs, having other than an andante movement. Mr. Arch deacon followed with a humbrous reading entitled ' A Yankee's Adventure with the Ghosts," which, judging from the recep tion it met, was much appreciated. A duet " Love and Pride," capitally sung by Mrs. ,E. Gray and Joshua Waldeck, was encored to the echo, and the last verse was kindly repeated. Mr. Bird then gave a short ad dress, in which he was kind enough to as sure foe audience tliat they were much more orderly than on a previous occasion, and to hold out hopes of another tea .fight before long, in the event of their continu ing to behave themselves. Mrs. Archdea con now delivered a ballad (to which she also played foe accompaniment) called "The Old Woman and .her Pig." This describes tlie obstinacy of a purchased porker, in objecting to surmount-a style, and foe reiterated expressions of alarm on foe old lady's part, on foe subject of reach ing her home on foat particular night, It elicited roars of laughter, and was voici -ferously applauded. " Forgive and For get," was foen sweetly rendered by Miss A. Jewell and company — the company consisting, apparently, of Mrs. Maley and Mr. Dean. Mr. Waldeck, introduced by the chairman as, if not the. " father of us all" — a patriarch with grandcliildren " be yond computation," pronounced a homily on morality in general, with particular al lusion to the habits of irreverence, : so un happily prevalent. He was listened to with attention. Mr. Joshua Waldeck's next essay was "Ringthe Bell Softly," which suited his tenor voice very well. Then succeeded "Roses Underneath the Snow" foe solo by Mr. Dean, the chorus being well sustained by Mrs. Maley and R. Mor- relL This concluded the programme pro per. Mr. I. Walker now rose and proposed a cordial vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who so kindly provided food, both substantial and intellectual. Mr. Howes seconded foe proposition, which was carried by 'acclamation. A vote of thanks was then given to the Rev. Chair man, who. responded by 'singing, with taste and- -feeling, -foe song. " Be not oswift to take offence." The National Anthem was then loyally rendered, and the meeting se tnl+li o iiiAcf jjainiASUf cyci y uuc »»»vwv agreeable evenings entertainment.-1 — Com municated. A Public Meeting was held at the Greenough Court House on Friday after noon, to disenss the question of holding a show of stock and farm produce this year. The Resident Magistrate presided and the attendance was more influential than nume rous It was unanimously resolved that a show ofjstock, farm, and garden produce be held on Friday, the 10th September, and that the gentlemen present : — viz., the Chairman, Messrs. Maley, Woolhouse, Wilton,' Clinch, J. F. Morrell, R. Morrell, Leverman, and Rayner, be a committee to collect subscriptions and make the neces sary arrangements. The committee will advertize a list of prizes early in August, according to the funds at their disposal, but it may be at once announced that the show will comprise horses, cattle, sheep, pigs, and. fowls, and in foe inanimate de partment flowers, vegetables, ham, bacon, butter, raisins, cheese, jams, etc. As it is five years since the last show was held there should be a good competition, and it is hoped the settlers will give liberal help to the prize fund. Resident's Coobt : — At this court, Mr. Stout was brought up on warrant, charged with larceny of newspapers from the Vic torian Express office, and was committed for trial at the next quarter sessions, bail being allowed, himself in £500 and two sureties of two hundred and fifty pounds each. 