GENERAL NEWS. What about the Stock-tax in creating the price of meat ; The Oteiang Advertiser says : — In some -parts of the district cattle breeders are killing calves almost as recklessly as butchers kill sheep for supplying tiie meat market, owing to the very low prices ruling for cattle at the present time. 0ur( Wagga JVanaa if ait I Darlington Point correspondent writes : Shearing now is in full swing in all sheda within 40 miles of this | point on the river. The clip so far is satis factory, and portions of it are en route to Melbourne, the Golconda and the Lancashire Lass, steamers, having passed here with barges partially laden. The former on the 20th, and the latter on 23rd nit. In the United States there are of women iu the various professions, 530 doctors, 420 dentists. CS preachers, and 15 or 20 lawyers. The Princess Beatrice, is, it is said, going to he stepmother to the children of her sister, the Princess Alice ; that is, if Glad stone can get the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill passed. The "move on" clause has now been gazetted as a regulation of the Borough of Warrnambool. It is as follows: — "411 per sons standing or loitering upon any of the carriageways, footpaths, or other pnblic places of the horongh shall discontinue to do so' on requirement by any member of the police force." Messrs. Macdermott Bros, and Scair, of Sydney, Melbourne, and Rockhampton. re port, under date August 11, having sold, on 1 account of Mr. S. G, Watson, to" Messrs. Travers and Gibson, of Pnnjanb station, in the district of Burke, area 446 square miles, unstocked and unimproved, for £2000. Also, the Rockwood North station, in the district of Mitchell, on account of Mr. Henry Bonrke, to Messrs, Dennis sad Co., area 500 square miles, nnstocked and unimproved,- for £7000.- The Geelong Evening Star states that mer- chants are beginning to get anxious about some of the wheat ships that left this" port early in the year for London. Three of them are long overdue. The Isle of Erin, which sailed hence on the 20th March, is 160 days out ; the Florence, which left on the 10th April, is 138 days out : and the Christina, which left on the 6th May, ia 113 days out. These- are all exceptionally long passages, and news of the ships should have neon re ceived at least a month ago. We regret to find that a former resident of Warrnambool— C. M. Williams, who is well known botb in the " Warrnambool and Camperdown districts —is/advertised for- in the Polite Gazette, beingchargea with forging a bill of exchange of £50 in the name of Mr. J. L. Currie, of Lara. The accused left the neighbourhood of Camperdown a short time ago, mid it Js known that he went foSydney. As an. illustration tit Qre searclty "of water in some of the conntry districts of Kew Sonth Wales, we extract tiie following foom the Grafton Argus : The latest importation from the metropolis is that of lO.BOOgaL of water from the Sydney waterworks. This extraordinary consignment arrived by 'the 'New England steamer on Mdnday, '-23rd August, and the water is heiligTretaSled jft-2d per gallon, that is. £3 6a. 8d. for thecorriehts of a 400-gatlon tank." Sweeps on horse races are unanimously -popular in India as well as Australia, and we find from an Indian panerthat the : Umballa (a town, near Simla) English Derby Sweep this year was the largest ever known, except dn:i877, when the first horse took alac and a half of rupees (between £14HMW and £15;000). This year 27.962 tickets were sold at ten rupees, (about £1) each. ..The first horse received 111,530 rupees, the second -55,765 rupees, the third 27,882. and over 11,400 rupees were divided amougthe starters and-non -starters. Bend Or was- drawn by a ! clerk at Simla, who sold him to Lend Beres- ford for 20.001) rupees cash and 20,000 more "if thehorse won. Under the heading "Another Bloated Oligarch," Punch has the following" para graph : — Mr. George LanseH has been" at' his mean tricks again. The day before yester day hegave a cheque for £1000 towards - the HnpitaFfor Incurables, which Mrs. Austin so generously proposes "to build.- Not -con- terit'"4uth tins' dastardly outrage, George Lansdl, .the1 abused of the" Ape, and the batbd of the ''liberalft'fraa tbe audacityto present on the Sarne day £1000 to "the Ben- digo Hospital as bis usual birthday donation. This -man is actually in tiie habit of giving . at the -rate of £20 a week to ooe charitahle in- gtitctioa'a1one,and yet hewonders why-dor politicians wish to drive him -out of the colony.".- His -acts "are deliberate- insults to the man who did ndthand dverthe balance ; of the ; EmbaSsy -five thousand " to " the -MM-: bonrneHospital. The' tiliwrbhslikeGBOrge : .LanseH must clear out Thia ifi to "be a, paradise for the wpriritig-man V. :,; The Sudsueg EdiO writes - —That BagacionB insect the bee is becoming, mone -kaewing than ever. Its industry Mid providennehave long been thanes =of radmirationfclid praiBe. PoOtshaVe beld it up as Wwtihrir forinan- andtblmltete ; kndfriaeenbwthkttt buy proyed Its capeoty for storing water-A well. .M-qstto mqtdlt- Mkf.Ttiitight another lesson the people of aroptgyun- triee- might learj. Up fhe ctijiftrya W haeper iwashhkntthe htmey wfaiBionDd thsh -betides what the hivesrooutampa, aome ontsSde corribs were fillbd with pore Water to the" ohantity df a oonpleof;" quartti" The -praans Equid was hennetieally eedid in the cells. " Instead of 'priaiiiigtqr a it 'is eriaent the. b'w .eiipipg a dry Aocwding to tive fBendigg JJtvefser .two amalwwimntiriarww.reoantij: - otitying diorafe,is£ter midnirt,APdoqbfe.4»aee.hwben < amviesmreratchM vesdMsapaabtinea titi jpairf- with tiimr lotidihffA Sh6(«fod<tbembfa£tiitey fahtcKtifgttiKy'bdblreqCtertusia carrying what he felt sore was the body of a woman. The constable in breathless haste rnshed after the two amateurs and stopped them, excitedly demanding an inspection of their harden. A slight hesitation on their part seemed to confirm his suspicion, but when the double-bass player drew from the bag a well-resined bow and offered to play "tbe force " a solo on one string, the feelings of the officer may be better imagined than described. There is one aspect of the ladies' gallery of the House of Representatives (says the Wellington Chronicle) which is amusing to witness— the industrious appearance of its occupants. Some are industriously stitching mysterions-looking garments or dainty little hats ; others are tatting, knitting, or cro cheting. With the exception of one yonng lady who reads assiduously, and another who poses s lead pencil in the air and gazes pensivdy at a sheet of payer before her, in hopes of something "notable" turning up, all the fingers in the gallery are active. In fact, judging from the piles of work in front of some of tbe ladies, it is obvious that but for the unpleasant noise, a sewing-machine would not be ont of place. The scene for more resembles what we should imagine a " Sewing Bee," or a " Dorcas Circle," to be (conld tiie profane eye of man penetrate it) than the gallery of a House of Parliament. A Sydney journal, writing on the farming interest aa affected by protection, gives the following nnt to crack : — " The Sydney Om nibus Company ia being supplied, nnder con tract, with forage for its horses from Ballarat. Victoria, at prices that cannot be competed against in Hew Sonth Wales. Other firms are getting supplies from the same quarter. What ia the meaning of it? Protection works the wrong way with the producing interests in the sister colony, "while onr farmers get all their tools and implements under a free-trade tariff. There is freight to pay both by land and water from Ballarat, and of course doable handling. Onr last harvest here was said to have been ex ceedingly good, and this fact naturally in creases the puzzle. Twenty-two years ago we were promised a millennium aa the result of free selection before survey, and now we can procure forage grown eight hundred miles away cheaper than we can produce it here. Are onr farmers inferior til those of Victoria, or what is the explanation?" "Flaneur "in the Herald thus concludes an exceedingly interesting article on Sarah Bernhardt : — A word or two abont ber personal appearance. As I bave said, Mdlle. Sarah is very thin — so thin that the French papers are always cracking jokes on the subject. One occurs to me as I write. "We rejoice to state," said the Figaro, "that onr charming actress, Mdlle. Sarah Bernhardt, escaped without injury from what - might have been a fatal accident. As she was passing along the Boulevard Hauasmann yesterday a huge stone fell from tiie fifth story, and would inevitably have crashed anyone else. Mdlle B., however; with great presence of mind, threw herself in the crack between the paving flags, and thus escaped without a bruise. It is sometimes a blesring to be so thin." Mdlle Bernhardt is tall,, and, though so thin, well-proportioned enough. Shehasthe hooked nose —though not at all markedly — of her race, as well as the fall red lips which are characteristic of tire daughters of Israel. She has as little bine eyes as any Englishwoman, and, indeed, so far as complexion is concerned, is far removed from tbe generally received idea of a typical descendant of Abraham. Let me conclude with one last eccentricity- Mdlle. Bern hardt has a pleasing habit of sleeping in a coffin ! It is true that tbe cover, of violet silk velvet and heavy silver mountings, is lined with white satin. " We have to sleep in one finally," she says, " and I want to get used to it." A ghost story comes from Nagambie, and la told by the local paper as follows : — " Per sona visiting the railway station, and those wbo have occasion to visit that locality at night, have been greatly frightened by seeing a ' ghost.' A few eveniogs ago it appeared near the end of the railway platform, and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in bright, arrayed in pure white. The form was that of a female with, as far as conld be discerned, a deathlike face. It was noissless in its movements, bat glided with wonderful ra pidity. One of the porters, who has a con siderable amount of courage, proceeded in the directum of the apparition, and when within easy range fired at it, hut to his astonish ment, after the smoke had cleared away be found the apparition was close to him. He was -perfectly terrified, and, dropping his gun, made for his friends at lightning speed. One night last week, as the half-past 9 cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, was travel ling along the railway road towards tbe town, a short distance from the station, the spectrum again appeared on the hill-ride about 50 yards from the cab, and as the conveyance proceeded, so did the figure. This frightened the passengers, and especially the driver, so that he drove his horses at a fur ious pace, soon losing right of the apparition. It is 'currently reported that the station- master has applied to he removed." \- The wharfage does levied by the "Victorian Government on the border are denounced aa "a legalised swindle" by the Wahgunyah Hetws. "A levy, for wharfage, on all goods crossing the Murray into Victoria, whether by team aoross the bridges, or landed from steamers on the Victorian bank, baa been in foroe ever rinoe the abrogation of tbe Border Treaty. 'Hie wharfage on wheat and flour is 5s per ton, and on wool 3s per ton. Now, last Beason Messrs. Borrows Bros., of Moor- watha, sent over 2600 tons of wheat, in bond, to- England . This was taken across the Murray at Corowa, trucked to Wahgunyah, conveyed by riul to Melbourne, and there shipped to Engand, bat, besides tbe cost of carnage by team, rail, and water before it reached its destination, the enormous sum of £500 was paid for wharfage on this wheat crossing tiie Murray bridge into Victoria, aud it never touched .a wharf until it reached Melbourne. Again, on Wednesday last, when-the fuss about the proposed collections for wharfage by New Sonth Wales had scarcely subsided, Messrs. Levin and Sons, of Corowa, had to pay £25 wharfage on 100 tons of flour sent by teams acrasstne bridge into' Victoria- Tbe amonnt collected for wharfage at Wahgunyah on various goods for fifteen months (from 1st of January, 1879, to 31st March, 1880) was £1170. The wharfage collected on wheat during the quarter ended 30th June last amounted to £85. The amount charged for wharfage on the wool of last clip for crossing the Murray at Wahgunyah reached the respectable earn of £425." 