Parliamentary Elections. NEW ENGLAND ELECTORATE. lir. Henry Copeland, M.L.A., who is offering himself as a candidate for the representation of New England in the next Parliament, arrived at Uralla on Sunday morn ing. On Monday afternoon he wa3 driven to the Retreat Inn. At this spot he was met by the Mayor and several Aldermen of the Armidale Borough Council, besides Mr. John Moore and other residents of that city. Upon his arrival Mr. Coplelandwas lustilv cheered bv those assein wed. Having transferred himself to a drag piloted by Mr. Richardson, the Mayor, a procession of buggies was lormed, and Mr. Copeland was driven to Armidale. ' On Monday night, in the Armidale Town Hall, Mr. topeland addressed about 300 electors. The Mayor took the chair, and in a few pertinent remarks introduced Mr. Copeland to the meeting. The latter said that one of the most important measures passed into law by the present Parliament was the Education Act, and one which would prove of lasting benefit to the «»untry. He had supported the Act in its entirety, though he had tried whilst the bill was in com ^ri, » effect a *ew stigh* alterations in its provisions. iji was decidedly one of the best passed in the ^''d, and he would never be a party 'to tampering with it, except in the administrative department. He was also against the clause reducing the fees to ?,.mere, cypher, for he could not regard the people of ifcis i ncn colony as paupers, unable to pay for the education -* their children. There was no country in the world where Sk **$* were 80 wel1 off as those of this colony, nor where the people were so wellabletopay school-fees; and for these reasons he decidedly objected to reducing the fee J?1.^ child to 3d. per week. He was aware r^v, v 7^ considerable feeling amongst the Roman j-atbolies of the colony against the present scheme of educa tion, and that many of them clamoured for the system known Sffik1*! ^'results. Well, he must say that he could not subscribe to this system, tiiough he gave those who asked iw it everycredit for honesty of purpose in the matter ; but ' ltwere established— which he trusted never would be the mwT t 6yB?m ?f Pa?11'31* for resale would lead to the S? » k- nftl0?al education in the land. Coming tm kfmr T^* ^atramwa-'B- he was opposed to their tong constaicted at the expense of the Government, en to ^hl ™ W'* *? Tram^ays Bill. He then passed SLStaJ^ Electoral Act. As the meeting was aware/the S£S^'Mt-lM5lt *° luwe aBeneral election-* vitally 2ShSS™# t0 tte **°Ple' '* *e thought ihe elector! 'Oild evince far more interest in it than was usually the «we. Jivery elector in the country should use the privilege conferred upon him, and not shirk his duty. At the last general election little less than one-half the votes were recorded — something like 82,000. This privilege of voting was the grandest conferred by civil liberty, and it was possessed by rich and poor alike, by the menial servant and the mil lionaire, and ihe humblest labourer had as much voting power as the richest man in the land, 'faking majorities as a basis, the existing Parliament only repre sented a tithe of the votes of the country, and that was not as it should be. If a man would not exercise the privilege conferred upon him by the country he was unworthy of it, and it should be taken from him. Another clause in the Electoral Act that he had strenuously opposed was that in creasing the voting power of the Sydney constituencies, and he bad gone to the extremity of stonewall tactics in order to prevent the passing of the clause, but to no purpose. He had also been opposed to the clause which referred disputed elections to the Judges of the Supreme Court, instead of the Elections and Qualifications Committee. H« now came to the land question. He would not shirk this question, though it cost him his seat. He would show no trimming, but would go into the subject exhaustively and tc the point. They were all aware that the Government now in office had passed an Amended Land Act. It was extremely favourable to selectors, and in the main he believed in it. The clause reducing the value of improvements was a good one, and had his sup port. So far as he was concerned he would not desire to have any other improvements except a ring fence. Since the selector had now the time in which to make his improvements extended to five years they need not care about the subject of improvements, as no man could reside for five years upon his selection without im proving to the standard. He thoroughly believed in the free selector getting every fair play shown him. He took exception, on the other hand, to the treatment that the pastoral lessee received under the present law, for under it lie bad no tenure at all. He was in favour of the lessee receiving fourteen days' notice of the selection of the land, in order to save his 'stock from being impounded, as was too often the case, and he supported a clause to that effect. The present system of indiscri minate alienation was the most 'ruinous under the 6un, and he thought no private man in his senses would be guilty of such a wasteful policy as had hitherto distinguished the alienation of the Crown lands of this colony. Their system had permitted the eyes of the country to be picked out and the best water frontages to be secured, whilst the most inferior were left untouched. He was also in favour of giving an increased area to the selector, especially in a district like New England, which never could become a great agricultural district. It would never pay to send wheat to Sydney from New England on their railways, and the experiment would never succeed. G40 acres was too small an area for a family, and he should increase that area four times, or up to 2560 acres, with a fixed tenure, and this would make a reasonably large pastoral farm. The pincipal drawback here was that they could not profitably export wheat, because Victoria and South Australia could beat them. With a railway to Grafton the farmers of New England might send many other things which could not be produced on the coast. Another question was the remission of interest. Well, he was not afraid to tell them that he was opposed to the pro posal in toto. He did not know what the feeling of the selectors here was with respect to the remission of in terest: but, looking around him, it would surprise him to be told that a body of men who had done so well out of their selections were in favour of such an ini quitous proposal. He did not believe they would go in to throw their just burdens upon other people. Since the passing of the last Act 7,500,000 acres had been selected, and that proved that the selectors did not believe that their bargain was a bad one, especially where the selectors in some cases were starving themselves to take up additional conditional purchases. The speaker then went into statistics to show what had been spent from the general revenue upon roads, without selectors being asked to con; tribute one penny. Another thing against the remis sion scheme was the fact that many selectors had paid up their balances, this same amounting to £630,730. Would it be fair therefore to those persons if the remission were made to others, and they did not get their money back ? Again, he was opposed to any legislation which would reduce the price of land. It would be a most suicidal policy to pass an enactment that would do so. No one would give 25s. an acre for land if the Government reduced its price to 15s., so such a course would have a bad effect. He did not think it was the selectors who were going in for this scheme of remission, but mere clap trap politicians, who cared nothing for the true welfare of the country. They were doubtless aware that an attempt had been made by the present Parliament to pass a Chinese Bill, against which he had voted, and would do so again, ai he was never afraid of his vote. If the Chinese were such vile characters as they were pictured, then by all means keep them out. If they were guilty of the vicious habits ascribed to them, would they be condoned by a £10 poll tax ? He opposed the Parliamentary Privilege Bill for the reason that ne did not think any member of Parliament should have any other privileges than the rest of the people. Another question in connection with this bill was the at tempt of Sir Henry Parkes to make the Upper House elective. He was opposed to it, as he believed the present constitution was one of the best in the world ; it could not be improved very much. As to the proposed export duty on wool and' coal, he gave it his unqualified opposition. He believed the Government had never considered the pro posal, which seemed to have been thrown together anyhow. Would it have been equitable to the freeholders or selectors to make them pay twice for their land because it had been said that they had not paid enough in the first instance? As to the export duty on coal, which had come in the form of Gd. per ton, an acre of good coal land contained about 10,000 tons of coal, yet without the duty much band could not be worked at a profit even then. The injustice of the thing was that the copper or tin miner, who was perhaps better able to bear the impost, escaped, and this though there was infinitely more tin and copper exported in value than coal. With'regard to the questions of free trade and pro tection, he was an out-and-out free-trader. His ideas of this subject were that it should be carried out in this country like the ordinary ways of sound business were conducted. He would place a light at the entrance to the South Head, and ask all nations to come and engage in un fettered trade with this country. Ho would do away with every atom of import duties, and have practical free trade, and not the ghost of it. He believed in the idea of having a thoroughly free port, and no sham. New South Wales was in the habit of flaunting its free-trade policy to the rest of the colonies, but its states men ought to pluck the mote from their own eyes before they discerned it in those of others. Another thing that he was in favour of was a system of local govern ment, and if returned to the next Parliament, he would go in for it. The business of their railways, and post and telegraph offices, should not be conducted at a loss, and every man who received a service should pay for it. Both the railways and the post office were being carried on at a loss — the loss of the latter being mainly caused through thousands of tons of news papers being carried free. He objected to this. There were nearly nine millions of papers carried free last year. He knew the old stock argument, that newspapers were educators ; but so were books, yet they were not carried free. He thought, in conclusion, that he had now pretty well exhausted his political creed, and would not therefore detain them any longer. If the electors thought his views upon the main questions of the day had the ring of honesty — if they thought he would prove an upright consistent member in the house — if they thought he would legislate for the benefit of all classes of the people, then they would return him as one of their members ; if not, they would relegate him once again to obscurity and a private life. (Loud cheering.) Alderman Trim then, in a few eulogistic remarks, moved that it was the opinion of the meeting that Mr. Copeland was a fit and proper person to represent New England in. the next Parliament. Alderman Bliss seconded the pro position, which, on being put by the chairman to the meet ing, was declared carried unanimously. {r — — — Our Carcoar correspondent telegraphs that Mr. Andrew Lynch, the member for Carcoar, addressed the electors on Tuesday night in the Academy of Music, when Mr. O'Con nolly officiated as chairman. Mr. Lynch advocated the aboli tion of interest on free selectors' balances, and announced himself as a believer in free trade. He is willing to protect farmers' produce to some extent, else the conntry would retrograde. He opposed the present system of immigration, and held that a better class of immigrants was required. Although he did not support the Education Act last session, he did so now ; and he considered that retrench ment was required in many public departments. He op posed the new Publicans' Bill, saying he would sooner join the Kelly gang than be a publican under it. He inveighed against wholesale importations of Chinese, and said he would like to inflict a poll-tax of £20 each on them. Mr. Simpson (the Mayor) proposed, and Mr. W. B. Downey seconded, a motion, that Mr. Lynch was a fit and proper person to represent the district. No amendment was moved, and the chairman declared the motion carried almost unanimously. Our Parkes correspondent telegraphs that Mr. Bodel, one ?f the candidates for the Forbes electorate, held his first public meeting at the Theatre Royal, Forbes on Tuesday night. Mr. Thomas Tom was in the chair, and about 250 persons were present. This candidate is in favour of the abolition of interest on selections, a progressive land-tax, and desires to limit the size of holdings. He is also in favour of the encouragement of native industries by means of moderate import duties, and is a strong supporter of the Education Act. A vote of confidence, moved by Mr. R. S. Howard, and seconded by Mr. R. Burney, was carried by a large majority. A meeting of the electors was held in the Councilcham bers, St.. Peters, on Friday, the 8th instant, W. G. Judd, Esq., the Mayor of St. Peters, was in the chair, and the meeting was largely attended. Mr. Pigott explained his views on the political questions at present affecting the public mind, and was very frequently cheered, and at the conclu sion of his address it was moved, and seconded, and carried by acclamation and unanimously, — ' That Mr. Pigott was a fit and proper person to represent the electorate of Canterbury, and that the electors pre sent pledge themselves to vote for Mr. Pigott, and to make every exertion to secure his return to Parliament.' On Monday, the 12th instant, Mr. Pigott held a meeting of the electors at the Council-chambers, Burwood. A meeting of the electors of West Botany was held on Thursday evening, at Jacobs' Tempe Hotel, to hear Mr. George Pile expound his views as a candidate for the Canter bury electorate, Mr. Bowmer, the Mayor of West Botany, in the chair. Mr. Pile addressed the meeting on the leading topics of public interest, and was enthusiastically received, and answered a number of questions of importance to the constituency at the close of his speech. Mr. Woolacott moved a vote of confidence in the candidate, which was seconded by Mr. W. BuckneU, and it was carried unani mously. A vote of thanks to the Mayor brought the meeting to a close. Our Glen,Innes correspondent telegraphed on 14th instant : — ' Mr. W. J. Fergusson, solicitor, addressed about 300 electors here last night, and was enthusiastically received. Mr. George Bovd proposed, and Mr. W. H. Yates seconded, — ' That Mr. Fergusson was a fit and proper person to re present Glen Innes electorate in Parliament/ which was earned unanimously. Alderman F. Marshall occupied the chair.' Our correspondent at Inverell telegraphs : — ' Mr. R. L. Murray addressed a meeting of electors at Bukkulla, near Inverell, on Wednesday night. His views gave entire satisfaction, and a unanimous vote of confidence in him was passed. The meeting was attended by a large number of free selectors.' Our Condobolin correspondent telegraphed on 14th inst. : 'Mr. H. H. Cooke addressed a large meeting here last night. He made some good points, and won much favour. His chance seems a very fair one for election. The usual confidence motion was carried unanimously.' Our Mudgee correspondent telegraphed: — ' Mr. Buchanan addressed about 250 persons from the balcony of the Club House Hotel, on 14th instant. He first gave an account of his doings in Parliament during the past 20 years. At the conclusion of bis address a combined resolution was pro posed, expressing confidence in Mr. Buchanan, and in favour of protection. About one-third of the audience voted in favour of the motion, and but few against it. Fully two-thirds did not vote at all. The meeting was rather noisy towards the end.' A numerously attended public meeting of the electors of Canterbury, convened by Mr. Pigott, was held on Monday . night at Ashfield. On the question of education, Mr. Pigott reminded the electors that he was one of those who contended for the establishment of a national system — non-sectarian, compulsory, and free — when it was unpopular to do so ; and now that those views had happily prevailed he would do all in his power to secure for the present Act a fair trial, for he was satisfied that its opera tion would be immensely beneficial in removing ignorance and preventing crime. He anticipated that those who now opposed the Act would soon be ready to acknowledge that it contained principles which would prove to be the foundation of the future happiness and greatness of the country. With regard to the land question, he thought that if squatters had reasonable security of tenure they would gladly pay three times their present rental, and that, with judicious retrench ment, would obviate the necessity for further taxation. He would separate the areas open to lease from those open to selection. He did not believe that the free selectors as a body desired to repudiate their obligation to pay interest , but if, unfortunately, the cry which had been got up by a few were ever of sufficient consequence to be brought before Parliament, he would not hesitate to oppose it. Give up the interest, and the next demand would be for a surrender of the principal, and any course so dishonest as that would involve the ruin of our reputation as a British community in ihe eyes of the civilized world. As to the licensing system, he was in favour of what was known as local option ; and he was prepared to legislate for the prohibition of Chinese im migration. Itwas not creditable to the intelligence and energy of the people that the railway had not years ago been taken into the city, and he knew of no populous city which was at so great a disadvantage in this respect as Sydney. Mr. Pigott also alluded to the great interest he had taken in the working of municipal institutions, and he held the opinion that the area of muni cipalities ought to be enlarged, and that the .powers of municipal bodies needed to be increased. Mr. Pigott's views on these subjects were enthusiastically cheered ; and on the motion of Mr. Henson it was resolved, without a dissentient voice, that Mr. Pigott was eminently qualified to represent Canterbury in Parliament. Our Taree correspondent sent us the following on Satur day evening : — ' At a meeting to-day of persons favourable to the return of Messrs. Joseph Andrews and J. H. Young to Parliament about 300 were present. Both candidates spoke at length on the leading questions of the day, and the following motion was unanimously carried : — ' That this meeting, having heard Messrs. Andrews and Young express their political opinions, consider them to be fit and proper persons to represent the electorate of the Manning and Hastings, and pledges itself to endeavour to secure their return at the forthcoming general elections.' Our Newcastle correspondent telegraphs that Mr. J. M. Dalveen, of Sydney, who is a candidate for Northumber land, has been favourably received in some parts of the electorate where he has addressed electors. Our Windsor correspondent telegraphs that Mr. Bowman has just completed a tour and canvass of the Rawkesbury district, and committees have been formed to secure his re-election. Mr. M'Quade has also been making an active canvass, and formed committees. Great unanimity is expressed through the Gundagai dis tricts (says the Times) as to the advisability of returning the Hon. William Forster to Parliament as the first member for the electorate. The Bombala Times says of the Monaro electorate: — ' Mr. P. B. LarMn is announced as a candidate for the suffrages of the electors of Monaro. Mr. John I. O'Brien is actively engaeed in Cooma procuring signatures for a requisition to Mr. W. T. Cohen, of Balmain.' A meeting of the friends of Mr. John Young was held on Monday, at Mr. William Tye's house, Newtown ; the Mayor of' Newtown (Mr. D. Wildman) in the chair. A large number of the electors of Newtown were present, amongst whom were the Mayor of Sydney, and most of the aldermen and influental citizen of Newtown. After listen ing to a short address from Mr. John Young, all those present formed themselves into a committee to secure Mr. John Young's return. Our Orange correspondent telegraphs: — 'It is currently reported in Orange that Sir Henry Parkes will be asked to allow himself to be nominated at the next election to repre sent Orange. If he consents, his return is considered cer tain.' Our Bodalla correspondent telegraphs that Mr. W. A. Manning, of the Eden electorate, addressed a large meeting of the electors at Bodalla, on Monday evening, in the hall of the freindly societies, and. was well received, in a speech extending over an hour and a half. He discussed all the main questions of the day, his views on which received the unanimous approval of the electors present. Our Wagga Wagga correspondent telegraphs : — ' A re quisition, influentially signed, has been sent to Mr. J. H. Douglas, of North Yanko, inviting him to come forward for this electorate.' Our Bathurst correspondent telegraphs that it is rumoured that Mr. Prince, of Sydney, is a candidate for East Mac quarie. Our Gunnedah correspondent telegraphs that Mr. Joseph Palmer Abbott, one of the candidates for that electorate, addressed one of the largest, most enthusiastic, and most orderly public meetings, on Monday evening, ever held in .Gunnedah. The meeting took place at the School of Arts, and ihe building was crowded to excess. lie made a most able and effective speech, which was listened to with marked attention. He dwelt at some length on the leading questions of the day, and his views in each instance were most favourably re ceived. He is in favour of the remission of interest on conditional purchases ; and pledges himself, if elected, to work strenuously for the connection of the Great Northern railway with Sydney. At the close of his address, which lasted for nearly three hours, a motion was put, — ** That Mr. Abbott is a fit and proper person to represent the electorate.' This was seconded, and carried unanimously, amidst prolonged cheering. His return is considered certain. Mr. J. M. O'Connell, of Sydney, has announced himself as a candidate for New England. Our Gundagai correspondent telegraphed, on Tuesday :'— v- Frederick Finkstone, one of the candidates for Gundagai, addressed about one hundred persons, mostly opponents, here yesternight. He declared himself in favour of national education- and free trade, and opposed to the remission of interest. A vote of confidence was proposed and seconded, but on being put to the meeting only three hands were held up for it and six against.' Our Tamworth correspondent telegraphed, on Tuesday :— ' A large meeting of free selectors was held last evening, at Attunga, wlftn a resolution was unanimously carried that they would not support any candidate for Parliament at the forthcoming election who was not in favour of a remission of interest on selections. Mr. R. H. Levien addressed a meeting, and was warmly received, and a most unanimous vote of confidence in him was carried.' Our Blayney correspondent telegraphed, on Tuesday :— ' A preliminary meeting of Mr. Dalton's supporters was held this evening, the Mayor in the chair, and was largely attended. On the motion of C. J. Graham, seconded by J. S. Leeds, a resolution was unanimously carried that Mr. Dalton was a fit and proper person to represent Orange. A large and influential committee was appointed to secure his return. Mr. Dalton is expected to visit the electorate next week.' Our Orange correspondent telegraphed, on Tuesday : — ' Mr. Lynch had a most successful meeting here to-night, 300 electors being present. The candidate answered all questions satisfactorily. It was proposed by Mr. Crichton, seconded by Mr. Steward, that Mr. Lynch was a tit and proper person to represent the Carcoar electorate. This was carried without opposition. The meeting was held at RuEsart's Royal Hotel, and Mr. Molloy occupied the chair.' 