BUTLER'S CATECHISM. no. xvi. The next lesson which Butler gives the little children in Popish schools, as part of their religious education, is ; concerning " the sacraments." , Ho says that besides " prayer "—such prayer as we referred to in our last— there are " other means of obtaining the grace of God;j and then he explains uiat " tme most powerful of all means are " the'sacraments."-. The Lord's- prayer is a secondary means. Even when it has the' "Hail Mary tacked, on to it,; it is only a secondary means. You may "honour the incarnation " as often in the day a3 you like ; you may say. the Pater noster ten times in theday , if you .like ; you may even pray to Mary a hundred- times, asking Jier to ask, grace for you;;! nevertheless, these means of. prayer are ; feeble and inefficient. when compared with; " the most powerful of all means " — " the sacraments." The sacraments bring the priest into the front; they cannot be observed without the priest ; they show the dignity and importance of the priest ; and so the children are quietly reminded, and the teacher suggests to the children by " illustration and explanations, not to forget it, th a tthe priest is the channel of grace from God, and that without the ( priest they cannot get grace from God at i all. " ' ; ; " What is a sacrament ? "> " A visible, that is, an outward sign or action, instituted by Christ to give grace." Of course the children must here get the benefit of the " illustrations and explanations " of their Jesuitical teachers. They must be told what a "sign" is as distinct from, the " thing signified." They must be told what an " action" is as : distinct from an " intention ;" and then they must learn that those signs and actions have been instituted by Christ to' give grace. As all this is preliminary, one would imagine that the children should be furnished with the proofs ? They ougnc, we Bnouia imagine, nave Deen pointed to chapter and verse for such statements. But the children are made to feel that they are taught by authority —that they are not competent to deal with proofs — that it is not for them to reason about things— that their duty is simply to obey— and therefore that they must be satisfied with Butler's assertion that the sacraments are the most powerful means, ancl that they were all instituted by Christ to give grace. "What need of Bible proofs for anything when the chil dren dare not question the application of these proofs,?: Why refer' them to tlie of. oil: wliAn fWnf f.ltair' A/4W1V WIA ITUVU VUVJ , M1V .UUIU .UUUU WltGJ I must, not interpret the Bible ..but; as tlie Church interprets it? It is the miserable I shuffle of—" The, Church proves the Bible, and, the Bible proves the Church."; " This 1 text proves-, the- Bacraments ; but the text itself must not be interpreted unless in I the, way which will prove the sacra ments !" Butler has a short way of teaching tlie children that all the ceremonies which accompany the sacraments are good and right. For example : — " Why are so many ceremonies used in the ftciiuiuisDLiiuioii or uHo sacraments » | .. "To excite devotion and reverence to them ;; and to signify, and explain their effects." . .. I So when ihass is beginning the proces- I sions of altar boys and the swinging of I incense, and the lighting of candles, and the hundred genuflections must not be objected ; to, must not be questioned ; for 'they are all right and good — all intended to excite devotion and reverence — andallexplainand signify sacramental effects. The sacraments are f signs," and the ceremonies are signs ; of ;; the signs '! The sacraments " give ' grace ;" and the ceremonies excite rever- ence and devotion to those channels of grace! These, of course, are Popish' " proofs ! " But suppose that those ceremo nies do not excite reverence and devotion ? | Suppose, that those endless marchings and bowings and kissings do not explain the effects of the sacraments ? What then ? Will it be lawful to reject the ceremonies ? Oh no ! To reject the ceremonies would be to, reject the things, and prove that the children hud been at the Fublic schools and were becoming heretics ! ' : " How many sacraments are there ? hjwyuu . MttpuiQUi, vuuiuuittbiuu, vuuilivnsiij penance,, extreme unction, holy orders -and matrimony." It is significant that the children are referred to the Council ofTreht Ses's. 7 c 1. for proof of this statement. ; N o Bible text could be produced for such a statement. But if those seven sacraments were really instituted by Christ, Butler ought to have pointed the little children not to the decrees ot the Council of Trent, whicli they, never read and cannot read, but to Bible which they may get at Flanagan's it they .are curious enough to buy a copy. ; But :Butler; knew better.' He knew that ! he : could, notipoint to the Bible to show ; where the "seven sacraments had been' ' " instituted by . Christ." i; ;' So the best way ; was, not to attempt to do the' impossible? j but / to ! rely;.on the author ity uf - the ! authority of the '.Council! of Trent as deci sive in" the matter. We should like to hint to the children' — " to search the Scripture." . Never mind the Council of Trent; but take the Council to the Scriptures. If the Council ' speaks according to this word, all will be right; but if it speak not according to this word, it is because there is no truth in the Council. Now the fact is this," that the children may search the Scriptures through and they will not find ! more than two sacraments in them. The .'.'seven "are an invention. Five out of the seven are frauds. Christ never instituted them.If he did, let tho passage be produced: If he did, let it be shown in Scripture where they were observed. The book of the "Acts of- the Apostles" contains a very clear and minute history of the actions and , proceedings of the Church in the early ages ; produce then one single pas sage whicli exhibits the early Church as ob serving seven " sacraments." It cannot be done ; yet Butler compels the children to believe, on the authority of the Council of Trent, that seven sacraments were instituted by Christ ! The first sacrament dealt with is bap tism: — " What is baptism ? " A sacrament which cleanses us from original I sin, makes us Christians and children of God, and heirs of the kingdom of heaven. ; ; _ " Does baptism also remit the : actual/ sins committed before it? I . "Yes; and all punishments due'to them. "Is baptism necessary to salvation ? "Yes; without it we cannot enter into tlie kingdom of God. ' " Who are appointed by Christ to give I baptism? I " The pastors of the church ; but in caso of \ I necessity, any layman or woman can do it. I " How is baptism given ? , - .... I "By pouring water on the bead of the person to be baptized, saying at the same time; ' I baptize thee in tho name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' " What do wo promise in baptism ? "To renounce the devil, with all his works and pomps." ' : Here is the whole teaching of the chapter of Butler on baptism.7 This is the. religious education of the children. This' is the knowledge which is to make them; i good citizens and good Christians. Learn-: ing this tlie children are supposed to be! kept from infidelity, secularism; and law-; lessness! On this instruction their piety! is to feed for the/production of Christian virtue. We shall examine the chapter next week, as already our space is ex- hausted with these preliminaries. - 