Archbishop Vaughan's Latest Deliverance. Sunday afternoon was the time fixed for tho oncnin «f the new Roman Catholic schools at St. James's, Forest Lodge, by Archbishop Vaughan, and there was conse quently a very large attendance, the room being quite full and the audience numbering about 800. The proceeding were under the direction of Father Pollard, the priest of the parish, tho arrangements being carried out in a verv satisfactory manner. The schools have been erected from designs prepared bv ^ ^ . 6sr8- ^ayner and Evans, at a cost of il jOU. 1 hey are plain and unpretentious in character, but are substantially built and will doubtless prove eminently serviceable for the purpose for which thev are designed. They will accommodate about 1500 children, 'the girls being allotted the first floor, while the boys will receive their in struction on the ground floor. After the Archbishop had taken his seat, Mr. F. M'Carthv presented an address from the laitv of the parish sympa thising with him in the attacks 'which had been' made «pon him in his stand against secular instruction and expressing their loyalty to the Roman Catholic Church. Master J- D alley also read a somewhat similar address from the children attending (he schools. The Archbishop, who was received with great ap- ! plause, then delivered a lengthy address, from which we extract the following remarks : — I think we have made tome progress with the Education question, I mean we have laid down the lines of Catholic teach ing in the joint pastoral letter, and upon those lines we have worked, and shall continue to work to the end. I look upon that document — we all look upon it— as a guide, teaching us how Catholic education is to be conducted in the future. Then we have, in great measure,., beared the Pnblic schools of Catholic children ; and, as tune goes on those schools will be still more clear of ificm. Aext the Catholic spirit is thoroughly aroused ; and 1 I ^ ^ atfiretlest, ^ they say at ^'c^ 'a?»#re'ww thoroughly ron- roouired a thing has been done, and that it r-f^V-n it n to roust some people up to a sense ttefcto 10 *** CathoIic faith of dlnot ¥,eve the Catholic bodv has Tto ^fnlo^n^^0ro,fUghl-; k than it is at present. of*eculari8t education in its relation to i™^chl3drCn been assiduouslv ventilated; and we 'j,?110® andJor ever- what our bounden duty is. weha\e, in one word, saved the faith, and we have done ^l.Jery SD?a11 compared with the inestimable J™®6, we secured. We hare lost our fair and honest share of State aid for our schools— at least for some we ^ Preserved our religion. We would P^fer to be deprived of oar money P e forth, than gradually to lose the faith and What we lose is a cheap price to pay perpetuating the true religion, and he who begrudges to pay the price cannot have a very high esteem for the article, borne may think we could have kept both. Well, perhaps we might j but it would have onlv been for a few years at most, and during that time the faith of the children would foaie been weakening, and, in the end, when the struggle reaUy come, we should have had a set of poor, naif- hearted, timid creatures to meet the diffi culty with. The joint pastoral was not one day too soon. Indeed, many have told me it was more than ten years too late. Whatever be the case, it is an accomplished fact now, and as such we have to deal with it. Look at the Anglican Church in this colony. It is the largest and, I suppose, the most powerful by far of all the denomi nations. This new Education Bill strikes a far heavier blow at it than at us. And this its leaders know ; and yet, has it not been suffering from what doctors call _ ' general debility ' during this crisis we have been passing through ? How is it that the Anglicans have not made anyway in opposing the passing of the Public in- i birucuon urn r Liook here, ihe public mind reasons, not like an educated philosopher, but in its own peculiar way. I believe that this ' debility ' proceeds from a slight touch of what 1 may call the 1 toman fever. True, the head of that Church has periodically denounced tho Catholic Church, and anathematised it .as a conscientious duty, and 1 1, on the other hand, make no disguise that intellectually I regard the Anglican system as the rcdttclw ad absurdum of all that is illogical and untenable. Still, how does the public mind reason? It does not look to words much, or professions, jor logical conclusions, it looks at broad facts as they lie in its way, and are spread out before its eye. It says, ' It is all very well talking, but what is a bishop with metropolitan titles, with cathedrals and canons and vicars general and deans and synods and sacraments, and the rest ; is not this something very like ' Popery 'i ' In point of fact, the heads of both these Churches arc tarred with the same brush ! In England some of the parsons say mass and go to confession — who knows if 6ome of them do not do the same, on the sly, here The public mind is inclined to look upon the Anglican Church as ' Popery ' made easy, or ' Romanism ' reduced to a shadow. Aid, as the British public do not like the look even of tho ghost or shadow of ' Romanism,' they come to the conclusion that the best thing is to do away gradually — if it cannot be done speedily — with both substancc and shadow. Of course, I may not read the public mind aright, but 1 feel much inclined to believe that I am not very far from the mark, and that the tendency is to do away with bishops and priests, and sacra ments, and. in fact, with all the machinery which is neces sary for the existence of churches organized on the hierarchical principle. Now, granted that this be the case, how can these two Churches be best got rid of ? Surely, by getting hold of the rising generation, and freeing them as much as possible from the influences of these two Churches. 1 believe that this feeling in the public mind is one explana tion of the strong bearing there is in favour of Public schools. But there is another cause at work. It is showing itself over the whole Christian world, and it con sists in the melting away of dogmatic faith, and in consequence of personal piety. Now let us come to the point. Take the rulers of our various colonies. Take a Cabinet with its Ministers— I take for granted, of course, that our present Cabinet, that all tbe Ministers, go to church ?twice -every Sunday — but take the generality of ordinary Cabinetsamd Ministers, I shrewdly guess that, take them as a body, they are far more like the buttresses of the churches to which they are said to belong than like tho pillars. You ask what I mean. Well, I will tell you — if you will promise to keep it a profound secret— as the Americans do, by asking you a question in return. Did you ever, in all your life, ? see a buttress inside a church ? If I happen to be returned for Canterbury at tlie next general election, I mean to ask two questionsin the House. I shall get a list of all those members who voted for the Education Bill, and shall ask for a return of how often each of them went to church during the last twelve months; and then I shall ask what they did with themselves when they got there. I will tell you why I shall ask this, because' I made a curious dis covery when I was a boy. I will explain. I suppose I had rather a stiff imagination in those days, for I remember I was very much puzzled as to what people did in their Protestant . chuichcs on Sundays. I remember going into Welsh Bicknor Church, and as I saw there was no altar, no taber nacle, and uo possibility of saying mass there, I wondered how people got on. I recollect, however, a large glaring painting of tlie -lion and the unicorn, and I had a vague notion that those two creatures were the patron saints of the parish. Anyhow, I was so much puzzled that I asked a relation of mine— and not a very distant one — who was a Protestant, what be did when he went to church. He re plied, ' I don't know what you do, but I always look into my hat, and count fifteen ' — having completedthcso elabo rate devotions he thought he had fulfilled his obligations for tlie day. Now, I say there is a growing class of such men as these who do not know what it is to say a prayer. They form a distinct and separate class, and they are steadily on the increase. Thus we have, then, two most for midable foes combined against us, namely, a profound innate dislike to our religion, and a steady tendency towards unbelief, and the mere life of the natural man. I hare reason to fear that Anglicanism will not be able to with stand the pressure of assault for any very great length of time ; I hope it may be able to do so. As to ourselves, if eighteen hundred years of the furnace has not melted out our life, or touched our marrow, I do not believe that it will be likety to succeed now. No new trials or torments could be invented now that we have not triumphed over in days gone by ; no tyrant can arise now whom we, or those who follow us, will not cart away and bury. And what are we to do that we may most effectually meet these two great antagonists of ours, and subdue them V I will tell you. But first of all I may remark that I believe that* Public school education of Protestants will serve us in the long run. This method of forming the future produces men and women without faith or dog matic religion. The little of it that now exists will gradually melt away. The future generation will perhaps possess more secular knowledge, greater breadth in one way, and more indifference, or, as some would call it, less bigotry, than the present one. There will be a most startling con trast between Catholicity and all other forms or shades of thought, and a reaction will set in which will, I believe, bring a large harvest to the Church. The fog through which our religion at present looms will, in great measure, pass away, and people will be drawn to study seriously the Catholic religion, and then to embrace it. And this brings me to the most effectual way of meeting the great pressure of prejudice which tells so inuch against us. If you will take the trouble to study the history of the way in which so many persons have become Catholics in England you will find it has been in consequence of studying the Catholic religion. The vast majority of our converts are from the learned and highly educated classes of societv — those who have been drawn towards the Catholic faith by reading and personal research. A very large number were once clergymen ot the Church of England, who had been trained to' theological and philo sophical thought, and who, having weighed the Catholic system, were compelled to abandon all they prized and loved most in this world, and to become Catholics. Were it the fact — and we know it is just the reverse — that the learned, on studying the Catholic system, were invariably repelled from it, then our case would be indeed a desperate one— but it is not so ; those who join us are precisely such as have had the highest education, and possess the capacity to judge for themselves after most careful and prayerful scrutiny. Therefore, I say. let us do all we wn to induce those who have so strong an objection to our religion to study it, to give it a fair hearing, and to weigh it in the equitable scales of an unprejudiced appreciation. Our great difh cultv consists in people refusing to see us as wc are. in their hugging their prejudices against us instead of putting them on one side, and grasping the real merits of the case. What has happened in England will, before long, I believe, happen here. People will begin to think for themselves, and as soon as they do that, the ice will be broken, and we shall have many recruits, who will in due time — as at home, as in America — bring others after them. Now how arc we to meet the growing indifference and infidelity of the dav, which is at once caused by Public schools, and is the cause of Public schools ? In the first place, I will say this, that I have always considered Deno minational schools, such as they are now constituted under the Council of Education, to be too flimsy to meet the evil. To a strong poison a strong antidote must be applied. I ♦hint.- there should be a more thorough and solid religious education given to the rising generation than th'-y have been in the habit of receiving in Denominational schools under the Council. Of course, we have been, so far, with regard to these schools, in a great measure help less. We could not, if we would, interfere with the regu lations of the schools, our hands were tied in a great many wavs, I need not mention now. In three years we shall sustain tbe loss of a large annual sum of money. On the other hand, the schools will fall wholly under our control, j We shall then be at liberty to convert them into real j machines for turning out thorough Catholic and Christian I men and women. It will take a long time before we shall get all our schools into the hands of religious Orders. Pos sibly in some cases we shall fail. Still, in the main, and on the whole, if we are thoroughly in earnest, and fully appreciate the paramount importance of the school ques tion, we shall be able to give a much more thorough Catholic and religious training to the young than ever they have received before. What, then, we shall have to do will be to make our schools thoroughly Catholic and thoroughly Christian, whilst steadily working towards payment by results, which must inevitably come. We, of course, have our cowards amongst us as well as our brave men. The church militant is very like the British army. We are not all heroes. A fasrous British general of remarkable courage thus expressed himself on a recent occasion : — ' In a British regiment of a thousand men, according to my ex perience, there are usually fifty men who will do anything, forlorn-hope sort of men ; nine hundred who would else only gape, or, perhaps, run, will follow them. The other fifty are curs, who would lie in the ditch if they dared.' Now, 1 believe we have a very fair share of the ' forlorn hope sort of men ' amongst ourselves ; quite enough to lead on the nine hundred or whatever number they may be of those who simply require leaders ; and as for the rest, if they love to lie in the ditch better than to join in our glorious venture, all I can say is — let them lie in the ditch .' At the conclusion of the Archbishop's address a collection was taken up, the amount realized amounting to more than £300. - 