« UNDERGROUND JERUSALEM. ' The second of a course of waiter lectures in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association of Adelaide was given by the Rev. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., in the Town Hall, on Thursday evenieg, July 21. The subject was 'Underground Jerusalem.' Notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the weather the atten? danee was excellent. His Excellency the Governor occupied the chair. i±ia .excellency, Deiore calling on vne lecturer, said he felt peculiar pleasure in being present on that occasion, not only on account of the surpassing interest of the subject which Mr. Fletcher would lecture upon, but also because to some extent he was interested in the subject, and personally acquainted with many persons who had been associated with recent investigations in Jerusalem. Sir Henry James and Mr. Fergasson, whose names were well known in connection with this question,. Captain Wilson, Captain Warren, who had since distinguished himself greatly as the administrator of the Government of Griqua Land West during very troublesome times, and others who- had been identified with this subject, were all either personal friends of his own, or . had worked with him as officers of the Royal Engineers. Lieutenant . Conder was another, and he might also refer to those very able non commissioned officers of the Royal Engineers who had been in recent times connected with the excavations at Jerusalem. Mr. Ferguasoa, whose name they were so well acquainted with, started a theory of his own with regard to the position, of the Holy Sepulchre aud of the Temple. He (His Excellency) knew Mr. Fer gusson very well indeed, having been intimately associated with Mm in various matters. Mr. Fergusson also started the theory of fortification. - Having had a good deal of conversation with him he (Hia Excellency) thought he had beea living at Jerusalem a considesable portion of his life. They might imagine his surprise on finding that although Mr. Fergusson had written so many books on Jerusalem and had started these theories, he had nevertheless never been near the place. The whole of his theory was founded on tbe very remarkable faculty he possessed of con jecture, which of course once adopted required that the facts should be fitted to it, and if they would not so fit, then as Talleyrand said, 'So much the worse for the facts.' (Laughter.) Bat Mr. Ferguesou afterwards did go to Jerusalem, with the view of corroborating the views he had published, and when he came back he told him (the Governor) that everything he had seen in the course of his investigations in the Holy City teDded to confirm the views that he had pre* viously expressed. Now Mr. Fletcher was not by any means suffering under the disadvantage which Mr. Fergusson labored with. He bad speut a considerable time in Jerusalem, and therefore he was well able to speak from absolute knowledge and experience. He (His Excellency) was. sure that on that account, as well as Mr. Fletcher's well-known ability as a lecturer, he would treat; his subject in such a manner that the audience would listen to it with the greatest satisfaction and pleasure. (Applause.) MrJ Fi^tches, who was received with ap plause, then delivered his lecture. He said*— The subject which I have selected for my lecture this evening is one which po&pesses; no small amount of interest, but it is beset with many difficulties. Its interest is bo keen that I may even go farther and seek a stronger word, and speak of it as an absorbing fascination. As for its difficulties, I do not think much of them, ? for I hold that difficulty is in itself attractive. Mo Englishman, be he soldier, or politician, or merchant, or lecturer, ought to be afraid of any thing that has to be overcome. To conquer is | the inherited prerogative of a Briton, whether it : be in the- battlefield, or in the more peaceful . enterprises of exploration, or iu the realms of j personal experience. I have a difficult theaia, j but I mean to try, and I mean to succeed, ia j making it not only interesting but; attractive. j First, let me explain the title of my lecture — j '* Underground Jerusalem.' A city is usually j above ground — at least that is the case ia Aus- j tralia. To speak of a city as ' underground' j would be an anomaly. There is no underground I Adelaide except on paper in the elaborate plans j for the new system of drainage. Ic is not so, 1 however, with Jerusalem. The modera city lies . not only on the ruins of an ancieat city, but j upon the accumulated debris of seven separate i and distinct cities. Jerusalem has been besieged no fewer than twenty-seven times, and in the course of this chequered history has been fre quently not only captured but destroyed. Let me call to mind a few of these changes. We go back about 2,900 years, and we find the site of the city in possession of the Canaanite tribe of Jebusites, and David with his mighty men of valor besieging it, and with difficulty dislodging its defenders, who are fighting from the top of the lofty walls and battlements. David, after he had captured the place, did not destrjy the city, but so enlarged it aud built upon it that it must have seemed quite a new place. After him came Solomon, the most ambitious Master Mason in all history, who erected the Temple aal the Golden House and numerous palaces. That city was : ultimately attacked, taken, burnt, and destroyed by the Babylonians, and, as we read | in Jeremiah's Lamentations, nothing was left save. a heap of smoke-blackened ruins — walls, palaces, houses, Temple, all were gone. The exiles returned from Babylon, and about 2,300 years ago began again to build, levelling the ground where it was uneven, aud using up old materials. This second city was exposed to many changes in fortune during the years which j elapsed between the Old and New Testament periods. It was not, however, razed to the ground, but continued to grow until the time of Herod the Great. That monarch was fired with an ambition to eclipse King Solomon as a builder, and during Ms reign, and for j many years after, old houses were being ? pulled down and new ones put up. The j Temple was re- erected piece by piece, and the ' shrine was surrounded by a vast and gorgeous ! system of courts and colonnades. Herod's ! Temple far surpassed in glory and beauty and size the Temple of Solomon, but as a further puzzle for architects it was built ia the Romaa style, with Corinthian columns. This was the city on which Jesus looked, and I doubt if at : that time there was one building st audio g on ' which David's eyes had rested. This was the j city which Titus attacked, and this the city | which the Roman armies reduced to utter deso- j lation and ruin. But again it arose from its ashes, and this time the Romans themselves be- i came the builders, putting up heathen temples j on the sacred sites, and using in their construe- - tion fragments of Herod's structures. Some : years after this it appears in history as a Chris- ' tian city, and during the age of Constantino a ? violent building fever broke out, and the place became adorned with vast and splendid , churches. We read of no fewer than five which , were clustered about the reputed tomb of Jesus. ? But again comes the ? besom of destruction, j wielded by the iconoclastic hands of Mohamme- j dan conquerors and intruders, and these churches ; utterly vanish from view, or are commonly thought to have done so, with one notable excep tion. Four hundred years pass on, aud mean while there is arising another pile of Christian buildings in the western part of the city, over and around a new sepulchre and a new Calvary. Then come the Crusaders, and when they have got possession of the city they augment their cluster of churches, and put up quarters for the Hospitaller Knights on the one side, and for the Templars on the other, again using up old material, Erewhile the Moslems come back again, the rich palaces of the knights disappear from view, and divers mosques arise en all hands, in the construction of which the old fragments of Solomonic, Heredian, Roman, Christian, and Crusaders' buildings are made to do duty, soma for the fourth or fifth time. This is the city of to-day, and when I tell you that with the exception of part of one tower in the Citadel there is not one single building on which Jesus looked, you will understand how complicated is the puzzle when any one attempts to unravel the riddle of Jerusalem sites. City lies above city like the strata of our hills, but with no regularity, and no order of superposition. But, you may ask, was not the rubbish cleared away tit eacli successive period? If this Town Hall were to be thrown^down by an earthquake, and a new city hall had to be put up by a new mayor, we. should first clear the site and cart away the. fragments. The objection is natural, but we must remember that we are of European descent, and have ideas of order and eleanliness to which Orientals are quite strange. I myself saw in Cairo a new house going up on an old sits, and instead of removing the remnants of the ^fallen structure the rubbish was levelled, firmly battered down, and a new foundation made some feet above the former. In addition to this we must not forget the peculiar confor mation of Jerusalem, about which I must now say a few words. Jerusalem is a mountain city and is built upon two steep hill- summits. Imagine yourselves apon the watershed of a hilly country. The ground is tolerably level, and you observe two slight depressions which are trending towards the south. They are about two miles apart. These depressions rapidly deepen and become gullies or gorges.. Down these- ravinea'the. waters rush in foaming torrents in winter, but in summer they are as dry as the Torrens. Standing in either of these gullies you have to look upon each side at steep hill slopes, while the hill that lies between them is more like a rocky cliff than anything else. After about three miles from their source one of these gullies suddenly turns to the east and joins the other, thus cutting off the intervening hill. The united streams then turn off together eastward and go tumbling down through the wil derness of Judah into the Dead Sea. , Now it is on this hill that the eity is built, and yen will see from my description that every side except the north is flanked by steep preci pices, not very high certainly, but awkward bo climb*. The eastern valley is called the Valley of Jehoshaphat or of the Kidron, while that which runs along the western and southern sides is the Valley of Gihon or Hinnom. To make the site more secure and to add to the puzzle of antiquaries this hill was cut in two by another and smaller ravine* very narrow and very deep, which ran up from the same corner right into the heart of the city: This was called the Tyropcean Valley. The place was thus divided into two halves, that on the one side being Jerusalem proper and thatonthe other the Temple Hill, while that same valley divided both these hills, from some lesser elevations on the north. Now these gullies, and especially the Tyropoaan, were convenient receptacles for millions of tons of rubbish ; in fact the Tyropoean has been so com pletely filled up that the casual stranger asks in vain where it is, and oan only find visible traces of it near its mouth. If you remember this curious site, and keep in mind the fact that that site has been the building ground of seven, sets of builders, and further do not forget that it is very difficult to get materials up to Jerusalem, and that the lime stone of the city is admirable building stone, you may well imagine that underground Jeru salem is a complicated and awkward puzzle. In some places there are no fewer than 100 feet of rubbish upon the old rock b attorn ; ia others not so much, while in others the rock itself protrudes. Being limestone, and there being but a deficient arrangement for water supply, the whole site is honeycombed with caverns, tunnels, passages, cisterns, vaults, and cellars, some natural and some artificial, and some both. No one knows completely where the water goes which runs away from the atreets, and no one can fathom the question of deep drainage. In fact, the substructions of the modern city contain reservoirs which are filled with the vilest and most filthy garbage, and our explorers have had not only to be men of in domitable courage but possessed of a peculiar maetery over their sense of smell to avoid being ignominiously defeated .by a resurgent army of stinks. Let me draw upon my personal experiences to give rou a glimpse of underground Jeru salem as I saw it one Sunday afternoon. To understand my story you must remember two tilings. 1st. The fact that the roads about Jerusalem are and always were steep and bad, for the glens to the east and the west are as steep as tiie road to the Eagle-on-the-Hill, and henca were awkward if tot impracticable for the passage of heavy weights. 2nd. The historian ia the Book of Kiogs tells us that when Solomon built' tbe Temple there was heard no sound of hammer; that is that the stones were brought to the site from some quarry already dressed. There is liv ing in Jerusalem aa eccentric antiquary, by name Saphira, whose.' knowledge, of history and languages is very extensive, though his mastery over pronunciation is, to eay the least of it, un certain and peculiar. He proposed to myself and two other friends to give us his guidance on the Sunday in question, not telling us where he was going to take us. We met him at his house, and we saw him fill his pockets with candles, and take under his arm a great pile of old Hebrew books, of which we relieved him. Ha was terribly voluble in his broken English, but very taciturn as to his plans for our edification. We passed from the Jaffa gate along the top of the wall northward. The walk was intensely interesting, but the climbing that was requisite was such that nervous persons would have beea safer below, for the terrace on the wall is of all sorts of heights. We descended at the Damascus gate, and passed along the outside of the wall for a couple of hundred yards. Then we came upon, a heap of modern rubbish, and a heap of that kind in Jerusalem is the most vile and mal odorous compound imaginable. Picking our way, we came to a small hole in the wall, about two feet high. Here we stopped, and our friend, getting out his candles, lighted them, and gave two of them to each of us. To get in we had to creep on all fours over the savory mass of. rubbish, and then found ourselves in a cavern which was formed like a slit in the rock, for though wide it was only about two feet high, and sloped rapidly downwards. Progress would have been difficult, but we found a trench cut in the floor, which added another two feet to the available height. This trench was cat for the Prince of Wales when he visited the city, for whom a royal road was thus made into these regions of underground Jerusalem. I quote the remainder of the story from my diary :— u After about 50 feet of this low- roofed passage we found ourselves in a vast and vague hail, ap parently of native rock— a cave which in the dim light we could see ran hither and thither -into abysses of gloom. Rude pillars or piers supported the roof, and rude arches gave en trance into mysterious cavernous depths beyond. We wandered on for some time till we came to one spot which our guide knew to be the most imposing in its aspect, and where the floor bulged upward into a sort of low hillock. Here we halted, and we saw our guide, who all the time kept up an incessant chatter of learned brokea English, begin to tear up his old Hebrew books and make a bonfire. The firelight penetrated into depths beyond depths of the shade around, and as the tongues of flame shot up our magnified shadows were thrown on to the distant walls till it seemed as though we were being engirded by the haunting spirits of the place, and had awakened the sleepy ghosts of Hades. We sat down by the fire, and some of the party lighted their cigars at its embers to keep the ghosts at a respectful distance. The scene I shall never forget. The flame kept crawling over the venerable pages of Hebrew rubbish which were being thrown to feed them, and eried for more and yet more, The antiquary himself was so voluble and aa supremely happy that he could hardly get hia words oat fast enough as he kept replying to ear numerous queries about the place, the Temple, the successive races of builders, and the traditions of Jews and Moslems. Our faces were glowing with ruddy light and flashing with curiosity as well as with fire. We were underneath a busy city, but all was still as the grave. It was a wild and unearthly region, and it was a strange coincidence that there of all places, there in the Temple quarries, we should sit and talk around an altar fire of old Hebrew books. 'What was this place?' asks one of us. 'There is no doubt,' replies our friend, 'that these caverns are all artificial, or have been so immensely en larged by human hands that we may call them artificial. I believe they are the work of the Temple builders, who got their stones from here. I will show you some presently, in situ, which are only half -cut out of the rock.' ' But why not the work cf Herod's builders as well*?' asks '.another ' For these reasons Unless the south-west angle of the Haraam is Herod's work, he did not use such large stones as are found here and as Solomon employed, and even if be did build that famous angle he had plenty of Solomon's stones ready to hand.' ' But how did they get them out when they had cut them ?' said practical Mr. York, remembering his expe rience of the narrow sloping entrance. ' They got them up at the other end where there were vents- in the roof, and it may be that they had s- connection of caverns right up to the Temple area, for the whole hill is honeycombed with; them. They wrought down here in secret, no sound of hammer or chisel was heard. Their enemies knew not what they were doing, and the Temple arose as by magic.' ' But how far does this place extend ?' asked I, remembering with sceptical pertinacity that the Temple area was some distance off, and that the Pool of Bethesda lay between us and the Dome of the Rock. ' It has never been properly explored. It ends in a deep well which is filled by watee trickling down from some other cisterns aud cesspools. The other end of it seems to have been appropriated as cisterns, and cellars, and cess pools by the intervening houses. As for the Pool of Bethesda, no one knows its date. It may be, and probably was, posterior to and destruc tive of the southern end of these caverns, or probably it waa itself part of these quarries.' I was not quite satisfied, nor am I yet, but that is'the chronic condition of every one who ' ventures into the unfathomable mysteries of underground Jerusalem. Meanwhile our fire burnt low. The ghostly shadows started into sudden prominence and as quickly vanished, as the last fragments of the immolated Hebrew literature were consumed, and we wandered en ? leaving a dull red core of ashes to guide us back on oar return. Where we went I know not. I remember but two things, one is looking at the evident marks of quarrymen's labor in the form ? of huge half -detached blocks, measuring about 20 feet long by 3 or 4 high, and other well defined places showing whence other blocks had been cut away by wet wooden wedges. And these were the stones of the Temple builders ! Here the home and the workshop of the brethren, of the first-known Masonic band ! Here the womb of the architectural glories of the holy city t At the extreme limit of our subterranean pilgrimage we came upon a large pond or pool of water, which occupied the floor of a cleft or chasm. Water was dripping from all sides into it— cool, clear, and apparently pure. From above came a ray of light, for here an opening revealed the sky overhead. We would fain have tasted of the clear water, but the hints of our guide as to its savory origin effectually deterred us. To return by some new labyrinth of eUmbinga and windings, to see afar off on our left the broken embers of our fire, to grope our way up tbe entrance slope, and to emerge upon the savory dunghill under the wall, were the work of another fifteen minutes, and we greeted daylight n o ^ v with delight, yet with the' f eeting taajs out. un expected trip intoTOdergroand Jersas&lem; haft . , been a memorable* experience which 'we 'would not have missed on any carisiderationu -: X m^ remark la passing that these caverns. Were obly QUseovered a few years ago, thatisiast prior tt-lth&3 visit of the Prince of Wales, and that noacecfuntOof them is found in some of the bast known' popular ? books -on the cariosities of Jerusalem,' «#., ? ?' Barttett's Walks about Jerusalem?' ot ?** Thompson's Land and the Book,' or Stanley's ?? Siaai and -Palestine.' Iiet me now proceed to 'state to you the pro blems Which were and still are awaiting -sol atio a from a, more thorough exploration of undar .. ground Jerusalem. Jerasalem is a small city, only about one-quarter the size of South Adelaide, jet .it '-'contains puszles enough to tax the ?energies of a whole army of antiquaries 'With a corps of sappers and miners to iielp them. 1. There is a great chareh -called theOhnroh of the Holy Sepulchre, where it is said our Lord's body was placed, and whenee He arose. The Bible narrative tells as that Joseph's garden tomb was outside the wall *, bat ' - -this church is in the heart of the crowded streets ?of the city, and the possibility of this church being the genuine site depends on what explo ration underground can tell us of the cou.-se of the seoond walL If that wall excluded the site of the church, then it may possibly be genuine ; if it included it, it most be spurious. This first problem may almost ba regarded as settled. The last information tells us that the site was included -within the embrace of the wall, and so -we must reject all the .venerable traditions that hang arc and that extraordinary cluster otimild? ings. 2. The Bible tell us over and over again iihat there was a great tomb in Jerusalem called 'the Tombs of the Kings. Eleven kings of Jadah sad one priest, Jehorada, ?were buried in this sepulchre. It was on the mount called Zion. It ; was known in the time of Herod, who opened it -and robbed it of some of its treasures. It is now entirely lost. 3. Where was Mount Zion is the next problem. This question may surprise yon, for you naturally will reply Mount Zion was the hiil on which the Temple was bnilt. I grant it, bat if yon look at any map of modern Jerasalem you will find the name Zion, given to that hill on which the Temple was not built. The name Zion in the 'histories, and Psalms means the Temple Hill.' Sn the later books, it means the Western Hill. In Josephus it is not us ad. la the New Testa ment it is only used symbolically, and in the modern city it means what Josephus calls the upper city.' 4. Where]was the Temple? There is a great open platfonr1 called the Haraam, or the Noble Sanctuary, on the east side of the city, adorned with arches, alcoves, fountains, mosques, and shady trees. In the centra of this lies the grand dome which the Arabs callKubetes Sakrabyor the Deme of the Bock, bat which we miscall the Mosque of Omar. This platform -Is artificial. At immense cost ithasfreen raised by building massive walk around a Jsteep hill, and filling up the sides and corners with earth ? or with arches/ Somewhere within those Walls the Temple stood, bat if you ask for the exact site, I may tell yon that it is impossible to answer the question as yet. I cannot take you in one short hoar to every portion of- underground Jerusalem, so I .will » aonfiuemyself to this onespot,the famous Haraam area, where the difficulties are greatest, where the interest is most intense, and where the dis ? eoveries are most romantic. It is here that Capt. Warren has carried on his most hazardous enterprises, driving his tunnels in all directions, and bringing to light some most curious facts. \- Bat before we go down any of these tunnels it is ? necessary that we should .take another glance at what is above ground. This sptendii ^area-is about 18 acres in extent, and measures in round figures 1,350 feet long by 950 broad. Now the Temple as given by Josephus wa* square, and measured 400 cubits each way. Ic the cubit he 18 inches that will make 690 feet, which gives a space much too small to Sm the vast walls that engird that hill. So the first question to decids was whether the .great wall was really one wall, or whether it was ? built at different times and by dif ferent builders. The search was ' commenead at the south-west angle in the bed of the Ijropcean Valley. Let me take you there before we go below ground, let us look at the ? spot. In coming' to it we call in passing to have . a look at the famous Waiiing-Plaee of the Jews. Here is a piece of the old wall presenting the £nest specimen of moral masonry in the world. It rises 45 feet high and presents 10 courses of .large stones with masonry of a smaller and more modern character above them. The wall looks a most mighty specimen of the masonic ?craft, as -.indeed it is, bat -when iraa -Sin&tioa; realizes that there .are 21 more courses underneath, that we are stand ing upon 60 feet of rubbish, and that on the top of the -wall stood Herod's grand build ing — the Stoa Basilica— as large and &s; high as the nave of York Minster, oar conception of the industry and skill of the ancient builders receives:, an impulse which is bewildering The south end of jthe. Wailing-Plaee is occupied by an Arab house which is built against the great wall. When I was thaie it was in company with another well known Jeru salem Antiquary, Heir Sckick. Schick swished \- to show as the-continuation of the - masonry -; behind the house, bat for a longtime the Arabian -reserve of the inmates uwpuld foot tolerate oar FranJrish.#firiosUy7 iSeSiiasithun dered at the door with his slick, and after awhile a veiled female was induced to .come to see who was there. ' ' What Ao' you want?' said the irascible ^matron. 'Qoly .to-see the stable wall.' The c request was mridest, bat neither persuasiveness nor backsheesh woald -iet as in. We 'were very anxious to get invandv were meditating what-we -could do to mope the imperturbable, damsel, one of our party 'even suggesting a forcible entrance, when her -has-: band, Abou Saib, was seen crossing the yard of. the waHmg-place. -He let 'as -in- at -once, and was proud to do so. As I looked at him I un derstood the matter at once. He had no objection to himself letting us in, but his Jealous rule over bis household would certainly be enforced Hay the stick, and his wife knew better than to provoke him. This ?worthy Moslem, disregarding his wife, who dis appeared forthwith, took us into a large, dark storeroom or stable, along one wall of which, when our eyes were accustomed to the gloom, Tre saw an enormous stone, by comparison -with which all the others we had seen were small. This v.as evidently the lintel of an ancient and aow walk d-up gateway. I was unable to see the . ..jambs on which it rests for the piles of rubbish. This lintel.-whioh is a sore puzzle to antiquaries, \- is now only about five or six feet from the floor, but the ancient floor was at least 50 feet lower -down. .Ttis^gsteway is commonly known as -Barclay's Gate. Just bay ond ihese. buildings, and a few yards towatd the south, iwe came upon a level ani deserted spot, choked up with a profuse growth of p ickly pears, above, which towars the .gigantic mass of the south-west corner masonry. Juttifl^-oat of the wall are the spring-stone3 of an arch 59 feet wide, and of vast size. This is -called JRjbinsbn!s arch, after the famous. American traveller of that name. This arch is one of the most important points _in '.the.; problem, and both the Bible and Josephus lead as to believe that there was a lpftjy viaduct leading from the Temple to the' upper city, across which the Jews retreated when thair ^Temple was barnt. Here then was the spot for the explorers, and here they made a beginning. .And now let me take you once more into under ground Jerusalem with Warren's book as oar .guide. ?'-''? ? .' ?.-.?-?-?' Warren sank a series of shafts between the Haraam wall and the opposite hill, where are the crowded dwellings of the modern Jews. His first shaft was 72 feet from the toU. Now to sink a shaft seems to an Australian an easy matter, but I imagine that if any company of miners had to sink and drive through 50 or 100 feet of road metal he would be-pimled to know what to do. The stuff, says^Warren, runs like water or sand, and the only way to get through it is by lining the walls with wooden frames or cages. Theseboxesweremadeoftwotothreeinch planks, and were four feet in the clear. Let me quote Warren's own words in describing how he got on. 'When we were in very loose soil, ohingle, &c.;, we had to drive in wooden forks and stuff in brash wood to prevent the mass from flipping ; but this did not always prove successful, especially if the men were^leffc an hour or two to themselves, for on coming back a hole large: enough- to bury an ox would be found.' — Reeov. Jeras., p. 61-2. At a depth of 24 feet Mr. Warren came upon the rocky bottom which had been scarped to form a pier, and on this rook he found three courses of stones, which formed the base of the pier er pillar which supported Robinson's arch. This was a most interesting discovery, and it led to more. Level with; this pier was a pave ment laid upon deeper depths of rubbish, and on this pavement a number of great stones which had once formed the arch 23 feet over head. The excavators* were not content, bat drove down through this pavement till they came to the bottom rock, in which was cut a deep water channel. This channel ran up into the city, and may probably be identified with that great work of King Hezekiah when ' he stopped the upper watercourse of Gihan, and brought it straight down to the west side of the City oE David.' This channel, which was originally, no drain, but ran with sweet water, was arched over, and occasional cisterns were found along its course, and man-holes or draw-holes left in the roof. In one spot a great stone from the arch above has found its way 'down, and having fallen has broken in the roof and got jammed in, and near here is another, pavement on the rock. A little further on they struck the great wall of the sanctuary sixty feet below the surface, and found even at that depth the same stupendous masonry which is visible above ground. I should weary you if I were to tell you of the complicated network of cisterns, passages, drains, and channels which theae intrepid workers wormed themselves into, and so I forbear. The discovery of this pier is one . of great importance, for it confirms both Josephus and the Bible in their delineation of an elevated roadway from the Temple to the Upper City. ^ I cannot pretend to carry you into such a remote past aB a lecturer can whose theme is astronomy or geology. I have only to deal with dead and vanished nations, not dead and vanished worlds; but the retrospect is suffi ciently bewildering. Left me attempt to carry your imaginations back and show you in a his torical light what we have found. Three thousand years ago the Jebusites held posses -ion of the tipper City, and at that time Araunah had his threshing-floor on the Temple Hill, and between the two hills was a deep ravine, and along the bottom thereof trickled a stream of pare water. At that time none of these works existed. ? . : Forty years later King David was reigning, . and daring his reign Jerasalem had grown in size, and on Araonah's threshing-floor was placed the Tabernacle, for David had purchased the site for his fixture Temple. ?? . ? . A few years later King Solomon's jnasons were at work, and they cat the deep channel in the rock because they wanted to run their wall across the bed of the stream. They were grand builders, for their wail was built of stones which were from 6 to 30 feet long and aboat 4 feet high. Along the bottom of the wall rah a road way, and in the roadway were holes down which. . the ancient Jews could drop their buckets into the arched channel of the stream. Remember this, and yon will see a new meaning: iu the . Words of the Psalmist — ' There is a river the stream whereof ' makes glad the city of Q-od.' Behind and upon the wall were constructed Solomon's palace, and somewhere near the Temple, and from the court of the palace an arched roadway led to the crowded homes o£ the people on the opposite hillsides. Nearly four hundred years later behold that viaduct fallen, and when it: fell some of its great stories smashed. in the arched ceiling of the watercourse below, land those stones are there to this day. The city was rained, and the valley filled np with rubbish, as Jeremiah says, in that most pathetic book called his Lamenta tions — 'The Lord hath given up iato the hand of the enemy the walls of the palaces.' ' He hata not withdrawn His hand from destroy ing.' ' H«j hath made the rampart, and the wall to lament together.' 'He hath thrown down and hath not pitied.' Eighty years later we find the people again at work, but what they did we do not know ; but 400\. years later still we find Herod's builders busy. He smoothed over the rubbish, laid a new pavement 23. feet above the old road, repaired the wall, and ran thence a new -viaduct 25 feet higher than the former. ~ Eighty years later and the Romans came ; the city was taken, the Temple burnt, and the viaduct fell, and its remains now rest upon the pavement buried underground. Debris began to fill up the valley, and the pier bf the arch sticking up was removed by the Eomans or others for building purpoBBB, all ex ceptthe three lower courses, 'wnieh remain deep down below the surface to this day, and another payement was laid several feet higher up than the last. , This is the third pavement: that we have' come upon in our surrey, and on this the old Norman pilgrims used to tread, and many houses were built thereon. These houses and walls becoming ruins, their, debris filled the valley to its present height, which at this point is 45 .feet above the lowest pavement, and dense thickets of. cactus grow. whe^e formerly ran a busy' street. : These details .may perhaps seem dry, but to any one who has any reverence in his soul, or who 'i values the old Hebrew Bible* they are of romantic interest. The most eloquent commen tary on the Scriptures are the stones of under ground Jerusalem. ...... These excavations were made to the south of the Wailing Place, hut equally interesting discoveries were made to the north. I will not give you details, but will content myself by -saying that there Warren came upon another ancient gateway of the Temple area, and ! leading from that a vast arched tunnel large enough for troops to march through, and leading, tike the viaduct, to the upper city. This passage is per haps the one mentioned in Josephus, which we are told served as one means of retreat when the Romans got possession of the Temple. Here-, abouts were discovered a perfect network of vaults, unused cisterns, and passages, to describe which would be impossible. Their age is an certain, which is a convenient phrase in describ ing both things and persons when we are unwill ing to risk an opinion on such dangerous matters, but fight in the midst of them is one fine old hall which Warren says is, without doubt, the oldest structure in Jerusalem, and he hazards the conjecture, for reasons which of course are secrecfe, that' this is an ancient Masonic hall. O, the strange vicissitudes of fortune! To think that a Masonic hall, builijand perhaps used by King Solomon himself, or by Hiram or some other master of the craft, should be degraded into a mere underground cistern, and thereafter should be even further degraded into a mere rubbish hole .' On the east side of the Haraam er Noble Sanctuary, Warren made another carious dis covery. There the stones that are still visible sibove ground are the admiration of all be holders and the marvel of all engineers, for one of them is computed to . weigh no less than 100 tons; But our explorers found that there are no fewer than twenty-one courses of this siasOnry hidden underground, each coarse averaging 3 feet 6 inches or 4 feet in height, so that the buried wall here is nearly 80 feet high. It was a matter of uncertainty who built the great wall — whether Solomon or Herod — but to put an end to; this uncertainty Warren found near the bottom one stone with uncouth Phoenician quarry marks upon id. Yon will remember that when the Temple was being built the Masonic King employed Phoenician artisans .from Tyre, and here there comes to light a most curious corroboration of the fact. I might extend this lecture till midnight if I wereito go farther into detail, so I forbear, and in conclusion will deal with the question which you may naturally ask— Where then was the Temple? : .- My reply is that I do not know. It was some where inside that area called thejlaraam, bat where is very difficult to decide. The Temple of Herod was larger than that of Solomon, and Josephus telb us that it was square, and that its fide; was 600 feet, and. that from pne of its cloisters, the Stoa Basilica, ran off anbble viaduct -to -the Upper Oily. . That roadway we have apparently f found in the remains of Robinson's a^ch. It -seems then as -simple as possible to construcfc the plan as Mr. Feigfrsson Has/ done, and draw a square from' the south- west angle. The corner has been found, and every schoolboy can draw a square if yen tell him where to begin and how long $he side of it must be. But the question is- not so easy after all. Difficulties crop np as thickset as the prickly pears that encumber the site. 'What then becomes of the rest oPthat great area ?' says an objector. ' That platform is 1,800 feet long by 950 feet wide. Surely the Temple was on the top of the hill, not poked away in one corner,' gays ? another. 'Captain Warren traced the Haraam walls nearly all round, and has almost proved to us that the wall is of one construc tion, iand that Solomon himself built it, and built; it on a vaster scale than 608 feet or 500 short cubits. Warren found those Phoenician quarry marks at the south-east corner, and fur thermore proved that there was no break at 600 feet in the southern wall.* Says another, 'No architect would build on the slope of a hiil where he would have to put under his enormous works a series of arches and pillarsto keep it up, when he hid the choice of a site on the firm rock. Yet ;this is what is the case if the Temple be placed in the south- west corner,?' I grant the difficulties are insuperable and are increased when we read in Josephus that Herod built a great colonnade along the southern side, 'consisting oi 40 Corintian columns. I ask any architect if he could manage to space out 40 columns of 27 feet in heightintoa longer length than |600 feet. To make them reach 950 is im possible. . . .But the mystery is not ended yet;. Under the dome of the Oenttai Mosque is a vast cavernous rock,- which is the untouched summit of the ; original hill. That great rock is sometimes said to be Solomon's altar of buratroffering, but I do not know of any statement in the Bible which leads us to think of a vast, unhewn, irregular, hollow rock as forming any feature in the archi tecture of either the Temple or its courts, nor do I see how it could be dovetailed into the rigid mechanical arrangements of the Jewish ritual. It must indeed have been a stone of stumbling and a rock of offence to Solomon's masons, and the wonder ia that they did not clear, it out of the way before they began to build. I confess that I am puzzled. I cannot re concile these difficulties with any certainty, especially as it would seem that the Dome is probably a Christian building, and is in the form of a tomb. A certain learned antiquary in Jerusalem said to me, ' The longer I live in this city the less I. know about it;';andl am disposed to re-echo his. sentiment, and say the . more I study the city the less I know about It. Facts are multiplying on all hands. The labors of the Palestine Exploration Society have done* ' wonders, but the key is still missing. To re- . construct Jerusalem is like putting together a child's -dissected map when the chief pieces are - broken or lost.- '. : . - ??' . ' No two.persoiis who try their hands at the pro blem seem to agree. I have before me, as I write this lecture, no fewer than seven' different aif rangements of the puszle, and I am disposed to add an eighth, for I cannot agree with any one of the seven. The one that ought to be the strongest is to me one of the very weakest, vix., that jpf Captain Warren himself. His facts are of priceless value, but his conclusions are feeble. He puts the Holy House in the centre, a little south of the great dome, and awkwardly brings that xigly rock right into the chambers of the priests where it would be as much out of place as an elephant in a parlor. For us, Christians, however, it makes little matter whether we have found the true site or not. [ Our religion is independent of such fictitious aids. The numerous facts that have come to light have a wondrous power in illumi nating the sacred story though they are not necessary for its comprehension. It is a mark of what is childish and primitive in our spiritual conceptions to fancy the tn bound to precise localities, and, as the mind of the age expands, it puts away its you&ful; crutches on] which emotion was wont to lean. It was so in Hebrew history. Purer was f the piety and more divine the fervor of the banished ones in Babylon than of the pros perous denizens of the Kingdom of Judah ere the invader came to destroy the Temple. The dispersed Judaism of to-day is of a higher religious character than the intense fanatical Judiism of Herod's city, before the outbreak of the Koman war» The great temple of all others is the human heart, and that may be sanctified anywhere and at all times. The * glory of any material temple exists but as it re flects in itself the glory of that spiritual edifice of faith and hope Which God would' fain see erected in every soul of man. Oh that we may all learn this lesson well ! Then, and not-till then|will the era of true .brotherly sympathy dawn upon the tragic night of human history. Then will the real meaning of Christianity and of Judaism be understood by the world, and their, mutijpl glory be eclipsed by the radiance of a restored paradise. Then will come to pass what Is-prfedicted as the coming down from heaven of tbjeNew Jerusalem, wherein is no temple, for tiie reason that Jehovah himself is the temple thereof. Then will the world and the cburdh, earth an^. heaven, be one vast temple, where God .and man will meet in reverent fellojwehip. Then will the scattered fragments of truth, which now lie buried like the remains of Solomon's temple, here a column, there a capital, there a carven lily, and there a frag ment of the ancient pavement,- be collected together, and by angeKo hands be put together and rise fair and beautiful in the eyes of all beho|dersi The old Temple is fallen, is fallen, and iChristian scholars quarrel, over its anti quities, and Jewish patriots wail their sad prayers under its walls, but it shall yet come to passthat . ; 'The Temple again shall be built '.''..-. : A^d filled as it was of yore, And! the burden be lift from the heart of the World, And the nations all adore.' And: over that Temple gate will be written no inscription forbidding any stranger to enter therein, but rather the divine inscription of welcome — welcome to all of every kindred and people and tongue ; and without will be found those and only those who reject the light of God|and who ' love and who make a lie,?' The world may seem, dark as we look out from the window of our ark of faith upon its jangling creels, its bigotry and superstition, its ^orn- oin follij ts and terrible quarrels. The nations may f urilusly rage together, and the clashing inte rests' of rival churches may again deluge J^ri saleiii and the Holy Sepnfchre with blood, b it the pelnge of sin will yet pass away, and a? i* fades into the infinite pa&b; there will be seen the jfchrone of the Eternal Father, and round aboiijb that throne will be ' a rainbow like unto an emerald,' and of the whole world it will be said,*:This is none other than the house of God «xtd the gate of heaven.' \- ' The rev. gentleman was frequently applauded during the delivery of his lecture, and at the close/a vote of thanks was, on the motion of the Rev^ D, Paton, M.A., B.D., seconded by Mr. T. W. Fleming, heartily accorded to him. A vote of tjbanks to His Excellency for presiding brought the proceedings to a close. 