EXCITING SCENE AT A FIRE. Some particulars are appended of a fire, destructive and accompanied by loss of life, which occurred a short time a«ro at an. hotel in Blenheim m. ^ew Zealand There were 20 persons in the house at the time the alarm was given. A man iraujeu oboveui-uu, who was iu toe upper story, escaped by the back staircase. His wife and children, who occupied a roon^do wnstairs, were tafeen out through a window.' The headway made by. the flames cat off all means of escape from within to the awakened sleepers, and one by one they were compelled to break through the windows and iump to the ground. A man. named Mason jumped | hastily from the bed, and made a rush to j the door, which he scarcely had opened i when a scorching tongue of flame dashed into his face and drove him back. He was momentarily staggered by the shock and made for the window, which was just above the roof of the kitchen, and catching hold of thef rame was endeavor ing to wrench it out, when the flames caught his hands and rendered them use Less. t eating to be smothered, he butted at the window head foremost, and burst ing through he fell on to the roof of the kitchen, and thence he bounded on to an iron grating below. His head was the first part of his body to sustain the shock. He was picked up in an insensible con dition, anil conveyed to a dwelling where He lay in a very sad state. Hjs face and hands are aU burned and bruised, and his bead is cut. In the back room; in tho left win# of the buildings, slept a man named Moses Cartwright and mate. What took place in that little room wben the alarm of fire spread, no mor tal man caa saj, cot even the snrvivor, who has only a recollection of seeiog a great blaze of light, and bow he left the room and succeeded in making his escape he hae not the remotest idea. All that tbe spectators of the fire saw was tbe figure of a man dash against one of tiie upper wiGdowd and fall heavily on tbe ground outside the boose. He whs .taken to a house, where it was found that, besides sustaining a terrible scorching, his left arm was broken, aud | he had a terrible gash under the chin, as from brokeo glass when breaking through tbe window. On being ques tioned he said that be believed tb&t; be left Moses Cartwright iu the ro:»u?. but he could not speak with- certainty upou the point. At tbe time betbougbt that Cartwright had made bis escape, one or two persons iu the crowd stated that they bad seen someone leaving the | house, whom they believed to ? De Cart- i wright. This, uuiortunate'.y, proved not J true, aud a fe^v cbarred buniau remains, ' found in ihe debris later on, told their own sad tale. . ^ ' Layiso a. Ghost.' — An exchange. j says: — 'A ghost has recently appeared in Bathurst, New South Wales. An enterprising fellow occupied a building which was under offer for6ale, and in order to depreciate its value, he tried to give it an unenviable reputation, aud gave it out that it was haunted with spirits. For several nights a figure in a white sheet was seen moving about tlie grounds, and timid people became terrified. This scheme succeeded for a time, until a young mau passed the spot late one night, when he saw something. Tlie young man was alarmed, and in his fright stood motion less in the street, when, seeing the ' spirit*' moving towards him, he became still more alarmed. He had with him it faithful dog, imd calling the animal by narne, told him to ' take to him,' The I dog obeyed his master's command, and j made straight for the il Ppirit,^ who, noticing the turn matters had taken, en deavoured to seek shelter in the h--use: but before he had gone far the dog seized the sheet with wuieh he was covered, tearing it from top to bottom, and expos ing lo view the body of the mau. The dog then made for his legs, and gave the ghost some severe bites. The spirit tried to kick the dog off*, and while doing this, thoyouug man, who hy this time had re covered from his fright, threw a stone at him which caught him in the small of the back. The additional pain caused bvthis blow, made, the man cry alond, and use language the reverse of polite. The ghost having got the wor*t of it, tlie invp^rty may realize someihing like its value. A Milliox copies of the Book of Com mon Prayer are, says ihe' Quarterly hericwy printed Jivery yeait for use ac | ''''Mr 