Constantinople; the city of MYSTERY. ? - [TEMPLBBAJ1.] K many respects the Turks have suffered little change from tbe time of their en trance into Constantinople till now. They are still a grave, unimpulsive, religions, jealous race. They are supreme fatalists, believing in the omnipotence of Allah, aud opposing in principle all- social and religious reforms as being opposed to the Divine decree, 'that which is, is right.' Little by little changes have been forced on them, but bow slowly and with what sacrifices? Swift English-built steamers now run up the BosphoruB all day long. Starting from the bridge whiob spans the entrance to the Golden Horn, and links Oalata (the commercial quarter) .to Stani-- boul (the true Turkish city), they touch at both the European and' Asiatic sides of the channel, affording to all rank* and classeB the. opportunity of. a swift and cheap locomotion. In these fetoauiers the hinder part is curtained off for the sole use of Turkish women. The latter move among- us like ghosts, only very sub stantial ones ; the faces are veiled by the indispensable yashmak ; their forms are all clothed with the same long, ample, formless tonic. Theee are of all colors. The general taste is for the brighest coloring — orange, scarlet or yellow ; but the harem beli&p; of haul ion patronise black silk aloflej and by. a coquettish dis play of.tielitly-buttone'd boots. , and , the thinnest covering over pie lower half of their faces, we kpovp them to be tbewiveB and dependeu^of tiie ' ad vanoed Turks,' wbo allow their women folk as much liberty as they bare. -These river boats ply up and dojrn^tbe Bospborus. The long summer 4aye ^tey.«re crowded with men and, wooieUj of. all nations, in all imaginary coetuoj,ee ; and intlie winter they carry ibusioesstpfeople -to _ and from the city, stopping at nearly all the villages en route. .-? -- i ---^-. ?-???? ? ... ?? Scenery ok tue Bospuohos. — It takes ueBt+y'nwo'howe to Teach the uppdf 'en'd of: rite Bospborbusf a distance bf about 12 niBea.-'ttjeBceuBry'JB lonely and unique ; the Sultan's' euminer palaces, built of white and costlj' marble, rise up from the water's.', edge '; these, are , succeeded .by eotup «f .the bandeoB«Bt Jconaka of the vieiers and, ojthe'r potable Turks; the tnoft.wei^euBive gardens, crowded . with tali trees aud dowering shrubs, rise up in long bilhj «t tbe: back of these palaces. Then again our Embassies have chosen this spDt for tboir summer residences. Elegant despatch boats, and tbe Sultan's not-to-be despised - email ironclad fleet, eit- in state upon the deep and limpid waters not 60 yards from the shore. Oay caique* flash fiither and thither in the golden light./ Imposing mosques reflect their tapering minarets in. the clear waters ;TnrkiB& villages, with a sprinkling of* -European houses, nestle in the sheltered valleys, while thickly-grown woods crown the summits of the bills, which si and out in bold relief 'against a blue and amber sky... an .enchanting scene, but how much of human .infirmity and: misery does it hide? Behind the latticed tih utters of those marble palaces what jtears are shed I - What crimes and tragedies mark the histories of the hundreds of beings therein interred ! We know absolutely nothing of their lives «r deaths'' The Sultan's wives are never ?een. His favorites never quit the harem or 'the bt'gb-walled garden which sur rounds i . t Some of their (social customs are meat 'revolting. It ie. considered. .an honor to receive at the Sultan's hand (for a wife) one of-cast-off .favorites, «nd no one dart r*fui&. . Tbe intrigues of die palace are a scandal, eren jn , Turkeys :it is the favorite of the hour who governs the most despotic ruler of nien. BBACTiruli Stambocl. — Great changes have metamorpuoeed 'beautiful Stam bouL' Repeated and extensive fires have destroy* J the older and more picturesque dwellings. I have been told that thirty years ago Stamboul (in the rays of the setting 'Enn^hone like a city begemmed with rubtes and set in gold. This effect was caused by tbe numerous golden copolaa to the marble mosques, and. tbe bright red and yellow colors of the wood of which the houses were uniformly built. To.each of these was . attached m. garden, foil of tall leafy trees. The effect of these vivid colors thrown up against a pure eastern sky, and re&ected; in the waters) of -the Marmora, was ? tnagical indeed. The golden balls biased like minhnure' euns, the marble 'kiosks and magnificent mosques gleamed whiter than alabaster through the dark; cypresses, while the grand city lay bathed in a£flood of euneet glory. But at this hour, though the mosques and the tapering minarets still stand, the golden balls are no longer to be seen, the marble columns have grown somewhat grey, the tall trees are few and far between, the qnslnt red and yellow houses have long been burned, and more than half the dwellings are bnilt of convenient stone and mortar. The ' advanced Turks,' as they are Eome times ralUd, do not say mneh for the improvement of the nation. Tbe ad vancement is only externally, for with a pleasantcr manna-, a neater style of drceE, and fluent conversation (in French), tbe advanced Turk has ak-o adopted the vices, extravagance* and follies of tbe immortal European. Some have imbibed a passion for pUy, and havs rained themselves and famines in » single nigbt. Otbera'fall «UUng victimrtp tin «dl«ractisea:«ita tunei at their expeas*, fmi Jgpo ^fnll/. sflow tiielr Cestwss %QpiMQGti3tntiku0L si fitt≶ And *wMijy Jjjfffrfwj^ lfe^^JMA||F *ln value for eveiy sawees^« XavorT^Boch ia' the «rdeal the yoong Tork hsBtopase be fore be «anarovj» himself «f worUi. Hehss more to unlearn An *o learn $ time ^rill show wbedierbe will ontliva the aluost jiniversal ruin and degradation of every , poble sentiment in tins oorrupt «n^. no radical reformation baa begun. Thareare do soKtary examples of oontinootu effort lightening tbe gloom. Tbb RauoiouB Tbbe. — Ohristisadty is mocked at by the educated Mnasnhnan; you may destroy bis faith in the religion of his sires, but be will ? mmt tvusertly adopt yours. In an Argument on this subject you will be surprised to find the Turk will put you to silence. He will tell you nothing of God — Ood U CM; and he will shake bis head at any clearer definition. You will find be gives to 'Providence unceasing control of affairs, and tbat these decrees are vnalterabU. Kismet (it is written) is to tbe Turk the Alpha and Omega of life; nothing can be attempted against that Almighty fiat. Preach .to him the Gospel and he will adroitly' ask you, ' Why are you so rich, if Jesus Christ was poor? Why do you do exactly the contray te £what He taught ?' He himself will tell yon that he prays devoutly at the stated times prescribed by the Prophet ; he drinks no wine ; be takes but a limited number of wives ; during the sacred fasts he eats nothing from sunrise to suneet (and this for forty days) ; be is studiously clean in bis person ; till tbe European taught him he did not cheat, or lie or steal. And this. iB.Jsl' true, and you jwill be made to feel .that his religion (though on a lower plane)' is the religion of the nation, and is practicable and practised ; while -yours, though a flawless code of morality, exists on paper alone, and stirs not the heart of tho mighty multitude bearing1 'the' name of Christ Turkish houses are fur nished with large divans, upon which the1 master of the house curls himself np, etnoking his nargileh (kind of pipe), re cieving his friends or visitors without moving from bis place, merely giving a kind of salaam and motioning his friend to take his seat beside him. Here they will sit and converse for hours, refreshing themselves from time to time with tiny' cupg of black coffee. Turkish houses boast of no beds, nor do they possess washstands, i.or sometimes even chairs Waht of Delicact in the Hibex. — A Swiss friend of mine (a governess in the harem of perhaps the most enlightened yonng Turk of whom I have beard) bjogged over and over agaia for a wash bjand basin of ordinary dimensions. She was expected to repair to the elegantly - built bathroom and perform ber ablutionB in tbe presence of the elavaB and barem women, who, I may remark, have not the commonest sense of propriety, or the least vjeBtige of the delicacy of their uex. The basin was promised more than ten or twenty times. My friend remained nearly a year in the pasha's harem, but it never arrived 1 A Touching Stout — Mahmoud Pasha (to whose vounir wife tnv abovemen tioned friend became governess and com panion) was sent very early in life to Paris. Receiving there a liberal educa tion, be formed ideas and opinions uncongenial to his countrymen. Among them was his desire for only one wife, and his determination to contract a marriage of love. A difficult matter this for a Turk who is not allowed to make the acquaintance of any eligiable young ladies before marriage! However, Mahmoud accomplished bis purpose in a way we might hesitate to approve of. He bought a very interesting and youth ful Circassian slave ; after & year of quiet domestic happiness, finding her of a lov ing and teachable character, he deter mined to marry her. She soon after gave birth to a child, and her rights to be con sidered his first, and, as he declared, his only wife, were unquestionable. It was soon after the birth of her child that Mabmoud Pasha engaged my Swiss friend as his wife's companion and in structress, for, though moBt amiable, the gentle Circassian was wholly ignorant of eveu tbe commonest French phrases. Iu a few months the young mother's health appeared to decline ; the best doctors were consulted ; they feared consump tion ; every art that wealth and tender ness could bestow was tried, and for a time the foe was kept at bay. Summer weather came ; the young wife's health seemed thoroughly re-established ; the happiness of the young couple was now complete — when a thunderbolt, launched by the hand of the Sultan himself, destroyed it completely and for ever. Mahtnoud Pasha was wealthy and in the prime of youth ; he was noariy related to the Sultan Abdul Asie, and the latter pro posed the highest honor — namely, the band of one of bis daughters in marriage. Useless to declare he was already married, or that a second wife was in bis eyes de trap ; in such circumstances to bear was to obey. Etiquette demanded die degradation of the Circassian slave, her removal from the handsome residence of Mahtooud, and the installation of the princess of tbe palace into the mystical chamber of her predecessor. Mabmoud tried the only resistance in his power, and took a sudden journey to Paris, where be sojourned many inonthe, hoping tbe hated alliance might be forgotten, or vomt accident might come to his aid. Futile hope! lie was summarily recalled, an.i some honorary post assigned him. Every thing was arranged in a generous and be coming manner ; his coldness was over looked, his bride wan richly dowered ; and Mahmoud, like many a wiser and better man, submitted to the inevitable kismet. Tbe last time my Swiss friend visited his palace ehe learned that the Circassian lived in retirement, not far from the dewelling of her happier rival. Unknown to his wife, Manmoaii continued to visit ber in secret, though at rare intervals, and with great precaution. Upon seeing her vny friend was shocked at tbe ravages that grief and disease bad already made upon ber person. The hectic flush and dreaded couph bad returned. Uncon scious or careless of her .danger ebe was daily wasting away, but wonld bear of nu remedies. Not a complaint as to her position ever passed her lips, and she 6poke of ' the Pasha' as one to hIioiu she owed everything, and to whom every thing was due. It would be well if I conclude this touching story with some account of ber last days, but as I am writ ing truth, and truth alone, I unwillingly admit that I am unable to give any further clue to her fate. Tbe kimok she once inhabited is at this moment deserted. Mahrooad spends mmt of his time at Paris. His palace is well appointed, numerous servants and slavte give it an air. of grandeur it did not once possees. My dear Swiss friend was attacked by virulent wnsHpox doriDg ihe fata! winter of 1OT7; and 4t»d in-the German Hospital at Pera,i*efore her sVieada wore even aware of her illness.' -^tibe was a widow, indle&*VooTj*an beys to be brought Vbr*H«ijAi*rSwiiK*and. She **sU fafljder « b*n- moand of «arth In our &»- ^estant oemetery, with a rough piece of %roodon which b painted a number to mark the spot. Saoharesomoof the sad histories, the terrible matter-of-fact iramas daily ooenrring here 1 _, . 