TOWN TALK. The representatives of the Great Powers at the Berlin Conference have,. we learn by cable, held several preliminary meet ings. They have agreed upon a settlement of the questions to be dis cussed, and have decided that Turkey must carry ont the reforms that may be con sidered necessary. Theattitude of the Porte, however, is threatening, as it has intimated that it will not be bound by the decisions of the conference because it is not represented thereat. The Malwa, with the homeward mails, has arrived at Galle, and the Sorata reached Plymouth on Tuesday. The Aus tralians are almost certain of victory in their match against IS of the North of Ireland. In the course of debate last night, Mr Ser vice, alluding to the representation of Gee long, said he did not desire to hurt the feel ings of the hon. member opposite (Mr John stone), but Geelong would probably, at the nest election, return another supporter to the Government. Next Monday night, at the Mechanics' Institute, will be a better indi cation of the political direction of the wind on this question. In the Assembly last night the three members for Geeloug addressed themselves to the Customs Amendment Bill before the House,' more particularly in reference to a Customs bond for Geelong, with the result -that this town will come under the operation of the new Act. Mr K. Murray Smith's amendment on the Payment of Members Bill, limiting the operation of the measure as regards the Council, was defeated on division last night by 4S to 28. Mr C. Andrews, M.L.A., yesterday intro duced to the Minister of Lands a deputation from the Geelong Town Conncil, consisting of the Mayor (Mr J. H. Connor), Alderman Davey, and the Town Surveyor. The object of the deputation was to urge the Minister not to grant the application of Mrs Josephine M'Cormick for a selection adjoining the Cattle-yards reserve, as the land was abso lutely required for Corporation purposes. After some discussion Mr Duffy promised, if parties were agreeable, to give Mrs M'Cor mick three blocks facing the railway, and retain the original block for the Corporation, as requested. A report of the fire which occurred at South Geeloug last eveuiug will be found in another columu. Two houses occupied' by Mr Ja3. Britter and Mrs Parker, were destroyed, a third one, occu pied by Mr E. J. Bees, being partly con sumed. The houses were owned by Mr Wm. Shepherd, and were insured for £100 each. A Telegraph-office has been opened at Dimboola. We understand that the hon. treasnrer of the Colac Rowing Club, during a recent visit to Geelong, obtained from Messrs Fischer and Pearson, jewellers, two massive silver medals, to be competed for at any regatta that clnb may organise. One of the medals has on the obverse side the figure of a .Roman galley in relief, with an elaborate scroll border. The reverse side is plain, with a gold-plate let in for inscriptive pur poses. The other medal is of plain silver, handsomely engraved ancL burnished. The trophies are equal in intrinsic value. One of the largest insolvencies that has occurred in this district for some time took place ou Tuesdaj', -w hen the schedule of Mr John Jeffreys Buckland, the well known tock and station agent, who has lately been trading under the style of Buckland and Burnett, was filed. The liabilities have been set down at £19,54S 5s 7d, and assets at £419 los Id, leaving a deficiency of £19,128 103 6d. The insolvent, alleges as the cause of his insolvency heavy losses in business, having endorsed a bill for a considerable amount which the acceptors were unable to meet, pressure of creditors, and refusal of the-bank to give further accommodixtion. The amount due to the only secured creditor in the schedule is £2073 193 4d, the amount of unsecured debts being £17,474 0s 3d, in which is included the sum of over £S$00, money lent. The largest unsecured creditor has been affected to the amount of £3500, a second to the tune of £20S2, and two others to the amount of £2000 each. A meeting of tho creditors in the estate will be held before the Chief Clerk of the In solvency Court, on Tuesday next, at noon. Sarah M'Gee, an old acquaintance,gwas charged at the Police Court, yesterday, with having been drunk and disorderly. Con stable Quinn proved the offence, and she was fined 103, or 14 days' imprisonment in de fault. John Simpson, charged on remand with drunkenness,, was further remanded for a week for medical treatment, as he was not in a fit state to. appear before the Bench. Mr W. G. Sinclair, the station-master at Geelong, summoned M. Walsh for an'assault. Mr Price appeared for the complainant, and Mr Whyte for the defendant. The com plainant stated that on Monday evening, 7th June, at about nine o'clock, the defendant came along the station, threatening to assault him. As the defendant had only one arm, complainant did not think he would carry out his threat, aud merely quickened his pace. Walsh came up aud struck him on the back of the neck, and, when he turned round, the defendant struck him a violent blow in the mouth. This was without the complainant giving him any provocation. In answer to Mr Whyte, Mr Sinclair stated that there was not a simmering quarrel he- ! tween him and Walsh abont the shifting of the latter's (laughter. About three hoars ] previously, the defendant had said, in the j presence of a number of passengers, that he would make it "warm for the complain- ! ant, and called him "a Orangeman.'' Porters Scott and Young corroborated Mr | Sinclair's evidence as to Walsh's assaulting him. The defendant stated that the com plainant had promised to shift his daughter's fruit-stall into a more sheltered position, hut I had done nothing in the matter for two j months. He denied striking Mr Sinclair, but simply caught hold of him by the collar, i The Bench inflicted a fine of 20s, allowing I 12s Gd costs, in default seven days'imprison- j ment. Messrs Browne, Pardey, and Brady, Js.P., occupied the bench. There is some talk of the steamer You i Yangs being placed on the line of trade be tween Geelong and Sydney and Newcastle. The steamer belongs to Messrs Howard Smith and Co., the owners of the steamer Kdina, trading between Melbourne and Gee- * long. There was another stoppage yesterday in the work of'removing the heap of earth from I an allotment on the western side of Yarra- j street. The unemployed men are anxious | to earn a few shillings, and all want to go on to work at once, which the foreman in charge has no power to agree to. The proposition to give a few of the men several days' work in j turn does not seem to meet with approval. A little girl named Mary Ann Thewliss, 10 years of age, whose parents reside at I Newtown, was treated at the Hospital yes- | terday for a contusion to her arm, the result 1 of a fall. A child named Henry Mountjoy, . three years of age, also received treatment ! at the .Hospital yesterday for a crushed finger, which was injured between the halter which fastened a horse to a manger I and the woodwork. - . ~ \ A meeting of the North Geelong Football Club was held on Tuesday evening, when . nine new members were elected. I A lecture oa " The Organ " was delivered ! in the hall attached to the Congregational : Church, last evening, by the Bev. Canon i Goodman. Considering the inclemency of | the weather, the attendance of the public was very fair. The lecture was in aid of I the Bible and Mutual Instruction Class, in [ connection with the Congregational Church. The Rev. C. S. Y. Price, pastor of the j church • referred to, occupied the chair, and introduced the lecturer. The Rev. Canon Goodman briefly explained the theory of sound and the wave leugths, illustrating them at the same time, and at some pains dilated upon the construction of the organ respecting the wood, metal, and reed pipes, and also spoke regarding the different com binations in .organs. The rev. gentleman gave a number of interesting particulars | appertaining to the large organ at the Town Hall in Melbourne, especially with re ference to the - pneumatic action. Mr I Goodman stated that the organ was j as easily played as the piano, and also referred in a pleasing manner to the organs I seen by himself in London, and touched atsome length upon the latest improvements that ] had been made, theplayiugby electricity being explained in the course of his observations* Mr Goodman thought that it was a great I pity that arrangements had not been made to have the organ at the Melbourne Interna, tional Exhibition played by electricity, as the novelty would certainly have been ap preciated by the public. At the conclusion of the lecture'a vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, on the motion of Mr Richard ! Clarke, seconded by Mr T. Allen. Yesterday was characterised by exceed ingly stormy weather. Heavy showers of rain fell throughout the day, and the fierce bleak winds madte outdoor exercise anything | but agreeable. The night closed cold and i wintry, with appearances of further" wet I weather. The last official inspection for the year of j the Geelong Volunteer Artillery Corps took j place last evening. Colonel Rede and Cap tain Snee, from Melbourne, were the ex amining officers, and the corps mastered as | follows :—Major Rashleigh, Captain Swift, and 60 rank and file, including the members of the band. The men went through their gun-drill, ani the colonel expressed himself as thoroughly satisfied with their general ap 1 pearance and with the manner in which they | performed their duties. Gunner Mfines, who ; filled the post of 2s o. 2 at the gun, was es* ! peciallycompfiinente'd by theinspectingofficer j forthe manner in whichlie detailed his duties. The Colonel also congratulated the corps on the appearance of the Orderly-room and its fitness for the purposes lor which it was , used. He intimated that Captain Downe, of South Australia, would visit Geelong j i shortly, and recommended the meu to be well up in their drill for his visit. The j arms aud accoutrements were examined, and found to be in a satisfactory condition. „ Notwithstanding the unpropitious state of | the elements, there was a fair attendance at i thesaleof gifts m the Wesleyan Schoolroom, | pakiugton-street, last night. A good number I of sales were effected, and a greater number of J ; articles disposed of at the shooting gallery, j The takings on Monday Dight amounted to I | over £20. A great deal of credit is due to Mrs Harcourt for the inception and success : ful carrying-out of the sale of gifts. Last I ' night Mr Mulder's hand, consisting of first and second violius, cornet, violoncello, doable bass, and piano, played a number of very taking selections -of music, and Miss Ducker acquitted Herself admirably at the piauo. Mr It. Gardiner sang, in capital style, "Three jolly smiths," and " The ^Chimney-nook," his efforts meeting with marked approval at the bands of the audience. For this even ing a very attractive programme has been provided. Tbc church choir will sing four of their best secular gleeS, in addition to which several songs and a duet will be ren dered by popular vocalists. On Tuesday afternoon the following insol vency schedule was filed with Mr Hutchin son, the chief clerk of the Court:—Jame3 Le Sueur, tent maker, of Kyrie-atreet, Gee long. Causes of insolvency: Depression of trade, insufficiency of capital, and failure of the Provincial and Suburban Bank. Liabili ties, £437 2s lid ; assets, £SS 4s fid ; defi ciency, £34$ 18s od. Mr Peter Lalor has, we (.drytts)' under* stand, tendered his resignation as a member of the Executive Council. Au investigation is to be held as to whether the pilot who was in charge of the ship Granite State when she went ashore in the South Channel, on Sunday, was to blame * for the occurrence. £TMr Ernest de Munck, the eminent violon cellist, has had conferred upon him by the King of Portugal the order and title of ." Chevalier de l'Ordre da Christ," the highest order of civil ^decoration in Porfcu. gaL It appears the allegation that small-poz existed ou board the steamship Norfolk is incorrect. The vessel was quarantined at Lyttleton, N.Z., hut has since been released as on examination it was found that the children supposed to be affected were suffer ing from chicken pox. Several grocers were proceeded against at the Williamstown Police Court on Tuesday for having sold single flasks of spirits, con taining only half-a- pint. The cases were dismissed on a technical objection, the in spector of licenses having proceeded against the defendants under the wrong scctiou. A young man named Robert Armstrong, residing at Cape Clear, was arrested on MonI day evening last, on the serious charge of sheep-stealing. It appears that Mr Morrison of thePiggoreet East station, believing that he was losing his sheep, obtained a search warrant, and found skins, that he was able to identify, oa Armstrong's premises. Hence the arrest. A very cowardly attack upon an inoffen sive Chinaman named Ah Liu was made by a nnmber^ of young roughs in Ballarat on Monday night. The young cowards assailed the unfortnnate Ah Lin with a volley of bits of road metal, one of which struck him over the left eye, inflicting a very ugly wound. The poor fellow was taken to the^liospitalby the police, and it was there found that the blow he had received had almost irretriev ably injured the sight of his left eye. The Western Meat-Preserving Company's Works, Colac, had a very narrow escape from, being burnt down on Monday last. A heap of wood had been stacked at each side of the furnace used for the packing room. The fire (says the Reformer) appears to have escaped between the bricks of the furnace and thus ignited the wood, which was piled against the wall of the room. The wood must have been burning some time before the fire was discovered, as several logs had been burnt through when it was noticed. A meeting of the Manufacturers' and Exhibitors' Association of Richmond was held on Tuesday night, at the local town hall, for the pnrpose of urging upon the Go vernment the necessity of takiug immediate steps to investigate the coal resources of the colony, and to conclusively show whether or not Victoria is to remain dependent on New South Wales for supplies. It was resolved that as many members as could do so should attend the meeting to be held in the Mel bourne Town Hall to-night, to consider the question. A correspondent. at Palmerston telegraphs to the Aye the following particulars of an expedition to Port Darwin:—"Messrs M'Kenzie, M 'Kay, and Barry left Bonrko town for Port Darwin, with horses, on 1st April. M'Kay was lost Dinety miles from Bonrke. The others searched for four days without success. Barry was killed by blacks at Simmen Bight on the 20th May, and whilst M'Kenzie was searching for a ford, everything was stolen. M'lvenzie reached M'Minn's camp, on thcRopor, on June 11th, having been twenty-two days almost with out food. He was nearly naked, and was suffering frightfully. He is now recover ing." Por some time past (writes the Kyneton Ob server) an old lady of eccentric habits has been playing the role of a ghost in the neighborhood of the Borough of Malmsbury, by the assumption of various protean dis guises, and has thereby caused some alarm to passers by in lonely places after dark, by her unexpected appearances, ''dressed in white raiment." For a long while the matter was shrouded in mystery, but re cently solved by a young man, who boldly seized the supposed ghost, and ascertained who it was. It appears that the lady is one who can truthfully ask, "Canst thou minister to a mind diseased V and is per fectly harmless. A large meeting was held at the Traralgon courthouse on Tuesday evening, convened to support the Reform Bill. The meeting, however, ended in great disappointment to the Ministerialists. Mr Mason, M.P., was present by invitation. He spoke strongly against the bill, carrying the meeting with him. On a motion in support of the Reform Bill being submitted, Mr Weliwood moved, and Mr R. Young, J.P., seconded, the fol lowing amendment—"That this meeting declares that it is strongly opposed to both thp Service Government and its Reform Bill, and pledges itself to use its warmest efforts in support of Mr Mason's opposition to the measure." The amendment was carried amidst much excitement. A man named Samuel Dennison, alias Einnigan, committed a dastardly assault on Tuesday evening. He has recently been released from the Davlesford gaol, and made his way down to Melbourne. He entered the house of a Mrs M'Grath, in Little Lonsdale-street, and lay down on the sofa. A neighbor named Mrs Butler came to her friend's assistance, and tried to pull the man off the sofa, when he struck her. The police were called iD, and Finnigau was handcuffed. On his way to the watchhouse he managed to throw one of the constables so violently that he had to he taken to the hospital, when it was found he was suffering from concussion of the brain. The Wollongong Anjus states that while some fishermeu were plyiug their vocation about four or five miles from laud, they managed to hook a swordtish of very large dimensions. Having hooked him, the next thing to do was to secure him, which, after some manoeuvring, they managed to do by throwing a bowline over his bead. Having reached the shore and landed their prize, it was fouud the fish measured 13 feet 6 inches in length, with a girth of about 9 feet. "Wo are informed this is by for the largest speci men of this kind of fish ever caught on the Australian coast, a similar one, winch is in the Sydney Museum, only measariug about G feet. The present cue looked a most for midable antagonist. His ram or sword was about three feet long, composed apparently ofasolidbouv substance. The owners de eded to seud their prize to Sydney. ■\Ve beg to remind our coursing friends that norainatious for the Polwarth and South Grenville Cup (the gift of Mr Robertson, M.P.) and Junior Stakes, to be run off at Couu's paddock, Ingleby estate, on the ^4tn iust., under the flag of the newljT-fornicd Barwon Club, close to morrow (ISth). f This evening the second of Miss Walpoles popular concerts will be given iu the Mecha nics' Institute. A capital programme has been prepared, Mrs Cutter, the celebrated contralto vocalist, having been engaged.to render a choice selection of ballads. Miss Waipole is to be assisted by a .number o leading amateur vocalists in Geelong, an the concert to-nigbt promises to be one o a verv pleasing character. The steamer Alert, having had to remain in Melbourne yesterday, will not in Geelong until this eveniug. The will leave for Melbourne as usual to-morrow 