THE RISE, PROGRESS AND SUPPRES SION OF THE REBELLION OF 179S. This promised rare history will be commenced in tno Standard in our next issue. The author was himself, eye-witness of most of the sceneB, and a partaker, of tho sufferings described. A victim of the fiendish thirst of blood and torture which prevailed against all bearing the Protestant name. We have vivid and graphic sketches of the burning of the Protestants in Scullabogne Barn. The piking at Wexford Bridge — the battles of Ross and Vinegar Hill — Onlart, &c.;, and tho savage ferocity of the rebels against private non-combatants, together with the proofs of complicity with the popish super stition of the worst features of their cruelty. Fathers Murphy and Roche appear pretending to be bullet proof, and soiling amulets to make others safe : all equally falling on tho field. Christian Union.— Evangelical work is progressing with marvellous rapidity and success on the continent of Europe. In France a revolu- . tion is. going forward which is greater and more important than any of those political revolutions that have convulsed the country for a hundred years past. \Ia Italy the same work advances with sure steps, under the guidance of the Free Italian Evangelical, Church. Conspicuous among the labourers aro the Waldensian Christians, whoso forefathers. suffered so much for the sake of the truth.' at, the' hands of persecuting Popes and, bloody princes. In Belgium there seems to be life from the dead— evangelical breathings and Christian power under the ribs ef Papal death. In Germany a similar joyful work progresses, although tho heavy weight of German scepticism seems . enough to- discourage the most heroic labourers. And in Spain, too, the home of the Inquisition, the land of fire and prison and sufferings for the truth, the prosect of success in gospel work is most encouraging. A few months ago, in Madrid, the " General Assembly of the Spanish Protestant Church " held its annual meetings. There are fifteen Churches connected with it, and four mixed missions. Tho meetings are spoken of as having been marked by a . spirit of love and earnestness, which augurs well for the future of the young and growing Church. . .' The circumstances in which the Church is placed, in such a country, enable the ministers aud people to see the need and advantage of Christian union among all who really "lovo tlin Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth.", Bigotry, and narrowness are felt to be at once, unbecoming and injurious. The foe is one— strong,, combined, and influential ; how i3 he to lie met unless by a strong and united front? People that are struggling out of Popery cannot comprehend the splits, and divisions which obtain in such an metaphysical and wit nessing conntvy as Scotland is. What they want is the living bread. What they sigh for is the living water: They care very littlo— and rightly so— for the jug in which the water is brought, or the plate on which the bread is .' presented; And hence, with great., wisdom . and Christian forbearance, while the different sections of: the evangelical. workers have their preferences and principles in secondary matters, they so hold up the common and ,tlic essential principles of the truth, that they work together without jealousy aud with a spirit bf- brotherhood which is very commendable., While other Churches, in other places,1 love to bo' as harrow and exclusive as possible',' the General Assembly of: the Church in Spain seeks to extend' a brotherly ' hand to all who are truly working in the Lord's vineyard. We give a spebimeii of, their, cordial co-operation in a resolution which was passed at the last meet ing: V Whereas it is right tliat bach one should be guided by the voice of the Lord as he hears it in his conscience .'enlightened, by the Word and Spirit, in all matters of'the Church polity, arid should not consider the-- question of order as unimportant, but should . adhere to and uphold that which he believes to bo Scriptural and right for the government aud edification of the Church, while conceding to others the privilege and liberty which he himself practises ; and whereas there aro in Spain some true servants of the Lord who do not see cjo to eye with the members of the Spanish Christian Church in the matter of her ecclesiastical system, but are at one with her in faith, doctrine and zeal 'for the salvation of souls, the overthrow of error, and the sotting up of the kingdom of Christ : therefore, the. General Assembly of this Church, while adhering to and upholding as in their eyes pure and scriptural her accepted stand ards, and desirous of maintaining them in practice as heretofore,— do reeognize the duty of providing' for practical union with the brethren in the Lord who aro vigorously and eUeetively lighting tho same battle as they, in other parts of Spain, but who, while desirous. of co-oporating and taking counsel with this Church, cannot in conscience unite in her organization and discipline ;— And they decree that hence forward. tho Spanish Christian Church, while continuing in all things unchauged in her relation to those who accept standards, do receive as brethren and fellow-couusellors, on cueir regular application and admission, all those lecoginzed labourers in the Lord's vineyard in pain» who are atone with her in faith, and <iocurine, taking council with them in all matters pertaining to the advancement of the cause of lnfS.Pn and in their own individual spheres of labour, inviting them as members with all the privileges, excepting that of voting oil matt era on wli i eh tliey do hot ' not su ' ini t to bo governed to: alp- ordinary ' and extraordinary meetings ;. of" the -Presbyteries- within ; their districts, and to the General" Assemblic-1. ' And tho United Council reserves to itself the power of suspending or excluding from membership any one wbp may be'proved unworthy of fellowship with the: body." ; Xndulgronoos. — Papists arc sometimes ashamed, when the .subject of iudulgences is mentioned,1 aud-tliey. deuy, very stoutly, that indulgences countenance immorality and; infidelity. V Never theless, their Popish Church , cauiiot afford-to give up the profit which comes to it byin.dul-, geuces. It is a "'sale,'' or a "profit" or au advantage, or anything else you like to call it ; but the fact is, that at the present moment,- the trick of indulgences is being very profitably worked by the Church in Sydney, in return for money for chapel, cathedral, and convent building. The large sums of money that are given to the. Church are not given on the pure principle of " willing gtviug," but on tho more Popish principle of getting a qnidpro quo, 'either here or in purgatory, for the amounts given. Indulgences produced the money which built St. Peter's, at Rome. Indulgences produced the rojal bequests and benevolences which en riched the Church and religious houses in the dark ages, as well as built the cathedrals and palaces of those "ages of faith." We cannot, therefore, doubt that indulgences are a weighty factor in the building of St. Mary's, Sydney. The following will show how indulgence traffic works to put men and women, soul and body, money and influence, in the power of th« priest : The first is a copy of the indulgence granted by Clement VI., 1351, to the King and Queen of France " We, by apostolic authority, and by the tenor of these presents, do, for ever (a per petual indulgence) grant indulgence to you and your successors . . . that the religious or secular confessor . . . may commute for you and them such vows as perhaps you may have already made, or which'may hereafter be made by you or your successors, aud also such oaths by you taken; or by you and them here after to be taken, which you-and they cannot com- modiously keep, with suoh other works of piety (!); as ho (the confessor) shall see expedient for the health of your and their souls, and according to; God." — Now, whoever may be reckoned the suc cessors of the King or Queen of France aforesaid, they have, as this indulgenoe says, a vast privi lege of the grace of God and the Church. In convenient oaths and vows may be dispensed with, as the confessor may see best, for what works of piety lie may enjoin instead. Splendid indulgence! But what was the price? Ah, that is the "work of piety" which the confessor might fix according to. what ho might judge would be good for the sonl ! It is impossible to deny that this was an indulgence to the King and Queen and their successors for ever, to break oaths and vows at pleasure, ' according as the " salesman " confessor might see . to be best for both the Church and the iudulgenced King and Queen and their successors.— We give another specimen from the times of the Refor mation, when Pope Leo X. commissioned Tetzel to sell indulgences at so' much money each, by which St. Peter's at Rome was built: "May our Lord Jesus Christ have mercy upon thee, and 'absolve thee by the merits of. His most holy Passion ; and I by HiB authority, that of the, blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and of the most holy father the Pope, granted and committed to mo iu these parts, do absolve thee, first from all ecclesiastical ceusureB, in whatever manner they may have been incurred, and then from all thy sins, transgressions, and excesses, how enormous soever they' may be. . v . And I restore you to the holy sacrar ments of the Chnrch, to the unity of the faith ful, and of 'that innocency and purity, which you possessed at baptism ; so that, when you dio, tho gates of punishment shall be shut, and the gates of the paradise of 'delight shall be opened ; and if you shall hot' die at present, this grace shall' remain in' full force when' you are at the "point- of death. In the natno of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. .The' brother, John1 : Tetzel,"' : hath' sighed the '(indulgence) with' his own h&ud.;—Sechend. Comment: book i. p. 14.— Could auything be ihore mercenary, ' any thiug more devilish than this ! ; All' sinB, however enormous thoy may be, remitted for money. Religious Equality. —In those colonies, Roman Catholics, priests and people, sometimes speak great things about liberty of. conscience and religious equality. One would thiuk. qs one hears them speaking on these subjects, and pleading for their "rights," that the Papal Church had turned a; new leaf, and had cast away all her old doctrines about' "no salvation out of the Church of Rome," and " all outside her pale " are heretics and schismatics." But our Protestant people ought not to . be beguiled. -They should know that the chameleon can change its colour ; that the fox can pretend to be a' . quiet iamb ; that the ferocious bear can,- for its own purposes, dance on the street . to the grind ing of an organ. It is not true that the Papal Church has turned a new leaf. It is not true that- priests and priests' lay agents have become enamoured of. liberty of conscience and religious equality ? What is true is this— that if Popery had only the power which it-.used to have, and which it is always endeavouring to regain, at oneo it would give proof that it is as bloody and eruoiand domineeriug a system as ever it was, and that tho fires of Smithfield would again be kindled, aud the cells aud racks of the Inquisi tion would agaiu be brought into use, as in the most flourishing days of -the children of St. Dominic. When a priest speaks uuctiously about "liberty of. conscience, ask him, "Whose con science ? and what kind of liberty ?" When priest-ridden politicians wax warm in defending "religious equality," ask them, "What religion ? What equality ? and where V " These simple questions will detect a fraud which " the Jesuitical leaders of the Church are now prac tising, because they see that it has been a profit able fraud. ; .-But iet our Protestant people remember three things. : First : What Cardinal Manning said in the name of the late Pope, and about his reconciliation to modern liberty: — "Tri Christ's right I am sovereign. I acknow ledge no civil superior ; and' I claim more than this. I claim to be supreme on earth, and director of the consciences of wen— of tho peasant that tills the field, and the prince thatsitson the throne ; of the household that lives in the shade of pri vs«y, and the Legislature that make lazes for, -kingdoms.. I am the last 'supreme judgo on earth , of what is right arid wrong." ' This is ,a fine commentary on " religious; equality .arid .'liberty of conscience !" No tyranny, .no slavery, no impudence, uo degradation, rip. impiety. could be greater- than this ; arid this is'ti'HC'.Pppery !— The second thing which our Protestant people ought to remember when "religious'. equality .and liberty of. conscience ".'are , spoken ;;of i by; priests , and political, Papists.-'is, ".this: . The! syllabus of the late Pope, which is the, infallible; law af the Papal Church'., at the present . day , j says that it is a " false and monstrous error, that' every man is free "to., embrace arid, professf the religion which, guided by the light of reason, ho shall believe, to. bp true.;'' that .it. is "false '.that men who have embraced any other religion1 than the Papal one wilh find' and obtain eternal salvation ;" .and that it is " false that Protesta'ntisiri _ is but another, form of true, religion, in which it is equally possible to 'be pleasing to God, as in tne Catholic Church."; The claim here is, that Popery is the drily true religion, and that there is no salvation out of the Papal Church ! This is auothor beautiful commentary on. religious equality and the rights bf our conscience 1 — The third thing which Pro testants ought to remember when priests and politicians talk grandly about religious equality and the rights of conscience, is that the bull " Unam, Sanctam," distinctly ' denies and de nounces all such equality and rights : "It is necessary that one sword should bo : under; another, and that the temporal authority should; be subject to the spiritual power. And thus the prophecy of Isaiah is fulfilled in tho Church and the ecclesiastical power: 'Behold, I have' set thee over kingdoms to root out and to" pull down, and to destroy and to throw down, to build and to plant? Therefore if the earthly -power go astray, it must he judged by the spiritual power : but if spiritual power go astray, it must he judged by God alone. Mereover we declare, and define, and pronounce it to he altogether necessary to salvation that every human creature should he subject to the Roman Pontiff." This outrageous bull is the law of tho Papal Church. Is it not a splendid exhibition of "Religious equality." Does it not splendidly uphold tho rights of conscience ? The impudence, falsehood, aud brazen-facedness, therefore, of priests and Papal ; politicians, when they speak of "Equality of religion," and "the rights of conscience," ought to he olearly seen by Protestants. What is claimed by the Pope is that he is to have liberty to root out and pluck up whatever he considers weeds ; as when he rooted out and plucked up the weeds of heresy in the days of old, and burned them therii in the fire ! And not only this, but the Pope claims that nobody should judge him when he is so rooting out and plucking up ! This is the secret of Dr. Vaughan's anger with- Sir Henry Parkes. This is why Dr. Vaughan calls - Public' Bchools " seed plots of infidelity." This is the reason why Dr. Vaughan tells Sir Henry .that he iB aunsurper for daring to pass laws in Macquarie-atreet, without the sanction of his Holiness, the Pope ! ' If' Sir Henry would admit that his "temporal power " goes astray ; if ho would admit that the .temporal power ought. to. be under, and. subject to the' spiritual power— that is, the conclave in St. Mary's, with Dr., Vaughan at the head; and if Sir Henry would go out to St. John's, and consult with his Grace " as to the laws that should be passed, then Dr. Vaughan would, bless Sir Henry and say . that ho was a wise and good administrator of the civil power. But until- he does this, Dr. Vaughan says and mustsay that he and his Parliament are rebels against the laws and rights of .Christ. - ... Good ITcWS- — Tho AV/iiu.7 News is respon sible for. the following bit of acceptable-informa tion Brisbane, Tuesday. — Mr, John Hurley, of '.Sydney, addressed' the electors of Mary borough last; night, and had ;a .fine; reception: There were nearly 1000; persons, present. He proposes total abolition of Kanaka and Chinese' labour. He also spoke Btrongly in' favour of his Btirrum railway scheme, free trade, national education, the transcontinental railway, an eight hours' bill, an elective Upper Chamber, and the closing of public-houses on Sunday. -- He is a decided opponent of the Ministry."— New South Wales gives compliments to Queensland; -and says that, if she desires the. gentleman, named, there , is no objection to his . being shipped, " with great care," consigned to . the Hon. Mr; . Douglas, Brisbane. The box will be well packed, with the label, " Tliis side up," for fear of damage, on board the; steamer. New South Wales is not selfish. Having a plethora of great and good men, and especially of wise legislators, she can well spare the one named. . The gentle man named is famous for asking questions. If he gets into the Queensland Parliament,, he will before long put upon the paper. Mir. Hurley to_ ask the Colonial Secretary, " Whethor it is withirihis (tho Colonial Secretary's) knowledge, or whether the information .can ; bo, got by tele graph, railway, or steamer, that the John Hurley, member for. Maryborough, . is the identical John Hurley that used to be in Sydney, as member for Hartley, and was rejected by that constituency ; and whether it is withiii the. Colonial Secretary's knowledge how ho, the said John Hurley, was so rejected, notwithstanding his emiuerit services in aid;of publicans' licenses, Btuffed monkeys,' Madame Wilm'ott, aud Sunday desecration ?" If the Queensland Parliament be astonished at such questions; it will learri wisdom by-aud-bye. Every man has his forte, and tho hon. members of tho Queensland Parlia ment will soon see that Mr. . Hurloy's /oric is to take fulladvantageof " Parliameutaryprivilege," and make abundant use of it to insult respect able citizens outside, that cannot reach him under the Speaker's arm. We aro well pleased at the prospect of such intercolonial emigration.' A telegram however, tells us that a Mr. Keitz is the favourite candidate for the vacant seat'of Maryborough. Wo are glad to understand, that the " brethren"' are able to distinguish which of the t wo is the more likely to be a re liable, useful, and disinterested member. Poor Trlckott — We sinceroly pity our fallen champion. Only the other, day, as ho left these shores; he was regarded as ' a god. What man could stand before the New South Welsh man ! What rower in all' the world could heat the prowess and skill of our q noble Triekett ! So he went lioine with the glory of a crown dazzling round his brow. The joy arid flattery indeed were sinister,, because everybody who believed in his matchless greatness he I _ upon him; and of corirso, they (those worshippers and flatterers) were all to win out of the muaols of Triekett. But this . matoliloss rower failed, and . fell with it the crown which our Sydney worshippers had placed upon his head. Instantly lie was accused of "selling therii." .Instantly, he was suspected of falso' play and bribery. His admirers became loud in de- .riouriciug him, and threatening — " If he comes .'out' here again, it will be the worse , for him !" .The . storm Was . terrible, because . .the loss to . certain persons' was serious ; one was weepiDg, oiioVwas swouring ; and one was confessing that he jyas ruinod because of tlio bets. A . lull came--tho Hop Bitters match was to bo rowed ; .and / there, was,; hope that Triekett might win in that , arid' "recover , himself : but alas ! Once more ' Triekett 's star set : and new vigor came to his 'accusers Vr'andV disappointed slanderers. But Triekett, ;iri 'his unbappiness, resolved to row. Rosa, who,-, had beforo beaten Hanlan. Alight riot Triekett yot gain hia lost position ? Might not his failures after all be only a subtle -plan for doing .exploits ? He would beat Rosb ; and then lie would once more challenge Hanlan and beat him : and so, with greater glory than ever return to the colonies the champion of the world !. Instantly, Triekett was again on the horizon of fame. Ah! Triekett for ever; hois a cunning dog ; he is only reserving himself, for a surprise to.the world ! But alas, once more ; there'., was' .defeat;.:' and'-so' now,- Triekett is cast offlilco anidol worriout! . Nobodywill have Triekett now. Ho has sunk to riso no more. The ivy is torn from his brow. And so,, if he is wise, ho will settle down asi a London waterman plying for threepenny fares . at tho London 'Bridge Stairs !— The moral . is a good one. Popular applause, of the sort that glorified him on his going to England,; is not' worth ,ri farthing. A puff of wind blows it away..'; But' more':' than that. Triekett, on his success, took to public- house keeping.' Wo told hi'tri at the time that his fate was sealed. Had he stiiek;to his trade and conserved the strength and muscle which he had, it might have beori well.: but we .were certain that the , deteriorating power of publie- houso keeping would be his ruin. Not neces sarily that he should debauch himself '..by drinking; but in . the Society, in -the attnos- phere, in the moral filth of a public-house, thero is something which deteriorates the physique as welt as the morale of a man. What we forewarned has become literally true. We are sorry at it. We pity Triekett. But it is in this case, . as it is, in a great inany more, wholesome ' 'warning' is unheeded : ' and false flatterers ruin the object of their flattery.— It seems as if all public games, pastimes, and amusements were to bo cursed by gambling. This phylloxera, plague used to ; bo .confined to the racecourse : hut now cricket, growing, and .even "footballing aro being 'damaged by it. Tlioso wretched bookmakers who lure so many young men, witn more money than brains, ' are ever on the "watch for their prey". It is they w:ho :stir .the V worid: with flaming. advertise ments about champions arid International glory : but their only object is tho money of their dupes.:-:.-;- '0 ' . Hurley v. Ourselves.— Some kind friend at Adaminaby, anxiouB to start a list of contri- 'butions towards reimbursing us our ; expenses, ;in the ; late alleged libel ease, has . sen t us during the past week, the following, expressing. -the hope, that the whole amount will be quickly raised, by the friends of social reform;and truth, even if the amounts in each instance be not more than what he has obtained. Mr. S. McKay, 5s ; J. 'Waddell, 5s; Mr. 0. W. Evans, 5s ; Mr. G. Goodman, 2s fid. 