I CONSECRATION OI^ÏHK ¡I G. CHUKCH, ' COYVl'Iält. ? Os Sundny ? Inst tho. Church nf tho Holy. Trinity, C'o\v|)ur, wns cnnsenrutod a ml oponed for Divine worship hy tho Right Hov, tho Bishop of Armidale, assisted by tho priests nf thu mission-tho Revs. Futhei O'Sullivan, A hbo Sehllrr, and Father Norburttis, ol Kooky Mouth-lind nijtlie presence nf a largo assem- blage of people, 'numbering about 550. Besides tho members of the.Church.residing ni the immodiiito uoighhoiirhnnd.ifour stoiunors-two from tho Lowor Clnroueo mid two - from G raf ton-brought about ¡100 {looplo to witness tho ceremony. Tho weather was loaiitifully |luio. Tho' church (which wa have pre- viously dosonhod) is seatod fur 150 worshippers, and is ul ilusión uud.coiupluttiiioBS highly ercditublu to thu poople of Cowper and Brushgrove. On arriving at tho church, which is some little disfaiico from the wharf,' the Bishop (who was robed ia copo and mitro, with crozier in hand), thc clergy, and tho people gathered round tho eastern door, which was locked.. The Bishop commenced the ceremony by intoning the Asperges mid sprinkling .tho duor with holy Water, marching in procession round tho Church, also sprink- ling thu corners and buttresses. On returning to tho door tho Bishop recited the Miserere, and knocked at tho (loor for admission. The door hoing opened, tho choir,, rendered,, as is usual on theso occasions, tho Litany of tho Saints-the Bishop and assistant clergy proceed- ing to the altar. At thc conclusion of tho Litany, thu Bishop consecrated tho Church internally, af tor which tho people gained admission into thu interior of tho Church. Father Noihortiis commenced thu M issn Cantata, which is n sang muss-the choir from St, Mary's, Grafton, under the leadership of Mr. J. ICean, singing the responses, mid in a very ofl'outlvo mininer rendering thu [Cyrlo and Credo from Webb's Mass iii j G, the Gloria from Van Brae's Mass, No. 2, and tho Siuetua and Agnus Dei from Btndesso's Mass. At thu conclusion of tho Mass, his Lordship read the opistlo und gospul for tho day- being Trinity Sunday, taking his text from Matthew XXVUI, verso lil, "Go yo, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the nnuie of thc Father, mu! of tho Sou, and af tho Holy Ghost," from which ho preached au olorpiunt and impressive sornion, which was listened to with wrapt attention. At the conclusion of tho sermon thu Hov. father O'Sullivan road tho finnncinl statement of thc Church, with tho names nf thu subscribers, Laffer whieh a collection was taken in aid of tho funds, ¡which wo arc informed amounted to a considerable sum. 