CONCERNING GHOSTS. UNDER tbe above bead a correspondent of tbe QueemUmder signing himself 1 Thick, thorn,' sends tbe following remarks anent tbe supposed ghost seen by Dr, Jessop in Lord Oxford's library, Norfolk, tbe account of which was published in our iBsue of the 24th April :— Conversation has been busy with your | Ghost Story of To-day' (April 17), and it iB rather surprising that no one of tbe many yet believers in ghosts should hare controverted the materialistic attempts to efface its supernatural character. It ivould seem that, while unbelievers think tbe matter to be too obviously natural to be worth consideration' those among believers who are ashamed to cling openly to an unfashionable superstition are an increasing CIOBB. Dr. JeBeop says be ssw an apparition. What Dr. Jessop says is true—be saw it. To suppose that a grave and learned doctor would elaborate a boax would be to push incredulity to the verge of absurdity—more especially as the only real ground of astonish, ment in the matter is that the doctor should tare made this experience of hie public with. out himself supplying its explanation; Inn learning is clearly not of that kind which conduces to tlie pay etiological gnothiseauion. Tlie silence with which your reprint of his latter has bnen received by your readers would not have been broken by the present writer had it not been for the title under which it appears, lu spite of the explanntions appended, and of the absence from Dr. Jepsop's letter of all indication that he himself regarded the vision as thnt of a ' ghost,' or believes in the existence (rather I should say in the power of 1 ghosts' to render them- SRIVCB sensible), numbers will insist that it was a gliust wliicli was seen by him, for have not generations of ghosts been seen? Is it not a fact thai upon these and s»eb like testimonies of the eyesight is founded the current belief in au unsubstantial moiety of tlie human constitution continuing to exist, nnd capable of affecting material bodies, after the cessation of that particular machine which oDce it actuated Y That some thing or things called ' ghosts,' in the senBe of immaterial entities once human, have been seen, and that frequently, there should be no doubt; it is the scepticism of ignorance which pronounces all ghost stories to be of two classes, accounts of miracles or—lieB. Nor doeB it show much more reflection to Boy that, granting some few ghoBt-seers to hare been honest, ail were utterly mistaken ; they did not see anything in reality—they only thought they Baw something—or seeing something translated it imaginatively into the presentment of what a glicet should or might be. What iB thought to be seen is seen, for the act of seeing is a thought act, a perception, independent of tlie reality of the object perceived ; to see truly and truly to see are two very different things. Dr. Jessop's narration will do even better service in manifesting this than in showing, as it also does, that the imaginative conversion of external objects into ghostly apparitions is not always to be accepted CB a sufficient explanation of the phenomena observed. lu bis case there seems to have been nothing external on which his fancy could have played. Doubtless, therefore, the English psychologists, desirous that their researches should outer into common cU'rent ot intelligence, gladly seized so fair ar opportunity of pointing out the true source of such apparitions, and BO disabusing all minds thu.t can be disabused of a disturbing and degrading fallacy. The explamtion of this (and I may add of all visions) iB not one invented for the occasion, it bse Jong been accepted by the thiukers whose speciality is tbe science of the mind; to them the phenomenon is question arises from sources purely subjective. There appear to be at least four disinct states of tbe mind, conditions of cerebration, in which subjective apparitions may and do occur—tbe semisomnolent, the expectant, tbe morbid, and the ecstatic—two or more of these frequently merging into or supervening upon each other, The apparitions of the semisomnolent state, in which the sense of ocular Tieion Beems alone of ail the senses to be in complete abeyance, constitute dreamB. Those of the expectant Btate, spirit-rapping and (partially) clairvoyant illusions—where these are not mere juggling effects. Those of tbe morbid, delirious, maniacal, and death-bed hallucinations. Those of the ecstatic, in which from cerebral irritability tbe imaginative faculty is able to overpower the judgment debilitated by long concentration of the thoughts upon certain sets of ideas ; the visionB of the seer, the prophet, and fanatics generally — or, weakened by minor abnormal influences on tbe nerve centres, such as those which arise froia disturbances of the digestive functions, the apparitions which may occur in minds ordinarily judicious, aB pofsibly in the case of Dr. Jessop. In dreams and in disease no one will doubt that the visins are merely representations to the consciousness of ideas already within (he unconscious substance of the brain. The ocular medium of its images is in dreams inert, in disease without objects visible to others. As to the results of tbe expectant state of cerebration, it must suffice to refer to Dr. Carpenter's Physiology. Ecstatic spirit seers and credulous ghost seers generally claim iliat their visions aie objective but if we consider the probabilities on Doth sides, adecision against their claim is a : most inevitable. It is known that the optic lobes have the faculty of presenting to tbe consciousness pre existing ideas, simple or complex, with more or less vividness, in other words, of being sensitive to ideal impressions. Tlie presence before tbe retina of tbe objects originally photographed upon it is not neccessary to this inner vision ; nay, the ideas of such objects may never have been so lormed in the optio traot, but have been commuuicated to it indireotly by lingual or figurative signs. Thus far we know. But we know nothing of spirits or ghosts, except through lhe part of the brain possessing this faculty ; they do not at least evidence their existence through that sense which is the prime educator and constant corrector of the sense of vision—tbe touoh. Tlie most probable, therefore, though not the necessary, conclusion is that apparitions of all kinds are not the effects of rays of light projected through tbe lens upon tbe retina from surfaoes external to the eye (if jm- 1 material entities have surfaces), but are ideal subjeots of internal visual aotion. In oases wherein visionB are seen with the eyes functionally open it becomes an interesting question how far along the optic nerve the subjective impression may extend i whether it is ever so intense in its vibrations as to produoe an image upon the retina itself, whence it may very possibly be.reoommunicated to the brain. Tbe vividness which occasionally characterises these apparitions seems to suggest that some reciprocal aotion may take plaoe; but it is a question which can be solved by experiment only. 