MILLICENT V. GRASSIE. (To the Editor of the Border Watch.) " Was man ever.a brute V Having been allured into the arena of con troversy . by one who tells us that the special crektion hypothesis mast now be consigned to'thailimik»',where".^pyer. the ghosts of slaughtered theories, by one who draws con solation1 from some of .the most gigantic bug bears of history, who unceasingly bellows " More brains have I than all the tribe, Of doctor, magister, master and scribe, From doubt, and fear my soul is free i Nor hell nor devil has terrors for me." by one who has imagined himself the sole oracle of the South-East, and now dares all to dispute hiB supremacy, I see no reason for silencing my speech until the Sodomic apple,- oracle of tinsel, temple of smoke, or, whatever it is, has been destroyed. What may for plainness sake be called the anti Biblical school of science is at present noted for its glaring inconsistent want of through going honesty. Their definitions (?) are (per haps purposely) so indefinite that the only conclusion as to their origin Beems to be that the authors guessed at the half and multi plied it by two, e.g., life is defined by Spencer as an integration of matter and concomi tant dissipation of motion, during which .the matter passes from an indefinite incoherent homogeneity to a definite coherent hetero geneity, and during which the retained motion undergoes a parallel transformation," which, for plain folks may be put—Life is the joining of stuff into a lump, then the equal unjoining and sending out of movement from it, the making stuff pass from a no sort of unstickingness into some sort of holding togetherness, while the movement not sent out undergoes a like change from no sort of keeping-togetherness into some sort of stick ing. Really life is nothing of the sort, and Spencer confounds the moving boat with the mover, the cause with the effect. Because neither microscopical examination nor chemical analysis can detect any difference between the largely hypothetical protoplasm, one piece of which is developed into an eagle, and another into a man, modern would-be wiseacres madly rush to the con clusion that there is no essential difference, the only difference being in the hidden mole cular constitution. The matter stands thus, then—Those animals which in constitution most resemble man should most resemble man in actions, should most gravitate ,to- words the human as their capacities are de veloped. But the two series, the ape and man, diverge from each other, the youthful individuals are more alike than the older ones, the ape as he grows becomes more beastial—man more human. Here, then, the evolutionist theory of identity breaks down. The course of transformation, we are gravely assured, was along the vertebral column, or backbone. Indeed, we have only ito look at the first vertebras of a sheep's neck, and the last tail bone to see our identity established, and the gradual transition ex emplified. This may explain the prevailing sheepishness of some men. The monkey has been given up, and now men are only- sheep of an improved breed- albeit the sheep is a very modern species, whilst by the very same school 'man "is supposed to be so ancient that the utmost stretch of imagination can not dream of his commencement as man. Probably the child was born before the parent. But the change is rather too sud den ; and if the monkey creed was given up because it could not be seen how the mon key's foot, which has extra muscles, Tendering it a foot-hand for climbing and grasping, could have evolved the flat human treading and walking foot, there seems little reason for the sheep creed, which presents greater difficulties. One might think that cloven foot fellowship need not be sought, and I can only explain the action but by assuming pre-existent tendencies. By the same, school religious people are said to be the children of a miserable ape, crossed In love, or pining with cold—con ceiving in its poor addled state the dread of evils to come (and so he became the father of morality and theology, the very patriarch of, the old worthys. There is certainly a resemblance of man to the lower animals-particularly in the earlier stages.The germinal vesicle of theorum contains one or more germinal spots, and is included within a vitellus. The first stem in the development of the embryo is the divi sion of the vitelline substance into clearage masses, each of which contains a nucleus, and the germinal vesicle is no longer seen. In this process the nucleus is the first'to divide, its substance separating into two poles. A constriction then appears in the proto plas mic mass, and the single cell is subdivided; each of these again divides into two until the mulberry stage is reached. This globular lump of cells gives rise to the fiddle-shaped area, from which may proceed fish, amphi bious animal, reptile, bird, mammal, or man. It is a simple oblong violin-shaped thin disc "of three connected membranes, lying one above another. Ont of the lower layer arises the inner delicate skin for the intestinal tube from the mouth to the anus, lung, liver, salivary glands, &c.; Out of the middle layer arise all the other organs, muscles, bones, and blood vessels. Out of the upper or outer layer arise the skin and the central parts of the nervous system. But, to argue from this, that likeness of form means iden tity of nature is pure nonsense; mode of com bination is much, but is far from being all. There can be no greater condemnation of the system than the conclusion as to the original life, viz., life sprang from no life—from no thing. Accept this formula and all belief in causation, intelligent and non-intelligent, all belief in an over-ruling Providence, either good or evil, must go ; the belief in the uni versality and supremacy of law must be abandoned as mad folly, and and the old doctrine of chance with its untold horrors must be enthroned. Science must hide its dishonored head whilst the dying universe shall wail " From floating elements in chaos hurled, Self-formed of atoms sprang the infant world ; No great first cause inspired the happy plot, But all was matter, and no matter what; Atoms attracted by some law occult, Setting in spheres, the globe was the result; Pure child of chance, which still directs the ball, As rotatory atoms rise and fall, I sing how casual bricks in airy clime, Encountered casual horse-hair, casual lime ; How rafters borne through wandering clouds elate Kissed in their slope blue elemental slate. 0 ! happy age when convert Christians read No sacred writings but the Pagan creed; 0! happy age when, spurning Newton's dreams, Our poets songs recite Lucretian themes, Abjure the idle systems of their youth, And turn again to atoms and to truth." Creation is the only theory of the origin of the universe, and its contents. Evolution assumes either the creation or the absurd notion of the self- existence of the universe, The revolutionist must choose between creation and the being driven to deny the existence of anything. We are virtually told there is continual commencement, but no primal start. All things come out of nothing, yet never began to come out—push back the beginning far enough, do it little by little, and there will be no beginning. We are to suppose that there is a vacuum or something else, this nothing or something is to be turned about somewhere or nowhere a very long time, no one can tell by whom, till the churning makes it very hot, and then becoming cool all existence commenced. There is no third alternative. Chance or supernatural inter ference must be accepted to account for the appearance of life in any form upon the globe called earth. Hating with inveterate hate anything leaning towards the super natural theory—in the teeth of all science our modern Atheistic scientists accept the doctrine of chance. The dictum concerning man is that originally he was a piece of sea slime, but by a process inconceivably slow—so slow indeed as to have occupied millions of ages more than can be allowed as the duration of the earth—he reached a higher from of life until he became either a chimpanzee or a gorilla, both sexes being beards and provided with a tail. As the ape, like progenitors of man, are said to have been numerous and lived in society, we cannot help thinking that had there existed any animal between man and apes (a sheep) some indications would have been found. As no such remains have been found we must conclude that as porcupine was the father to pig, so the monkey or sheep gave birth to a human infant, or rather two human infants, one male and one female ; or that the human infant on coming to maturity co-operated with some one of the inferiors, and thus by mutual endeavour started the human race. Indeed Darwin says, " We may infer that some ancient member of the anthropomorphous subgroup gave birth to man." I really wonder that some of our modern savans have never tried the experiment. For a long time we counted ourselves of honour able descent, but now our fond dreams are no more ; because the beaver builds—archi tects are beavers. The ladies who sing to us have been taught by the birds—even in this land where no singing birds are—and their sighing swains are descendants of grotesque creatures anciently crossed in love. The Aus tralian and the Papuan are the stuff out of which future men are to be built, even as the present high races originated from the lower. These are the theories with which men aim ing at an empty name would treat us-themes which so long as science, denies,the transmu tation of species must be regarded as utter folly; themes which repeat the couplet of Pope:-"Vice is a creature of such frightful mien—that to be hated needs but to be seen." If man ever was a brute he is a brute now, no matter how elevated the plat form upon which he stands, and the inner voices of human nature which persistently teach that he is essentially different from lower orders ; destined to higher destines are unwarrantable assertions, if not lies. More than this, God if there be a God related to man, and without relationship, a being could not be God ; must to a certain extent be like man in kind, hence, according to the vulgarity of evolutionists, God is the highest development of brute nature, and may have had a common origin, but came into exis tence under more favourable circumstances or at a greater distance from now. Whether the human species has -been evolved from any lower species depends upon the further question-Have we any evidence of such evolution ? A real species will be conterminous with the outermost limit of ascertained variability. Grant me this definition (which Hackel ac cepts) and I will stand with established science on the fact that we have no direct evidence that any real species has ever been transmuted into other species. Dr. J. Cook says -" There is abundant evidence of variation none of which is understood as progression, and if the well-known geological record is to be regarded as even any considerable frag ment of the whole it is inconceivable that any theory of a necessarily progressive de velopment can stand for the numerous orders, and families cited afford no trace of such a process." Professor Huxley, admitting the existence of evolution, it has or has not been universal. If universal it must account for even the universe itself, which is an absurd idea- That evolution ; towards a more ad vanced condition has not been universal is proved by the fact that many animals show no traces of progress. Evolution does not and cannot account for the origin of things. Evolution itself can only be an effect, and hence only a second cause—if a cause at alL And even if we were to admit the pre sent universality of evolution it would as much, require supernatural interference as any other theory. Creation by evolution is absurd, a thing must exist before it can either act or be acted upon ; and we must therefore either accept the foolish and ex ploded notion of the eternity of matter, or allow the doctrine of creation. MILLICENT. 