THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, DEC. 3, 1880. Wb sholl take it for granted in further indicating what should bo the proper policy on which to frame a system of branch roads as a portion of any future schemo of public works, that our readers fully understand that no proposed con- struction can bo listened to that does not embrace some precaution for the maintenanco of the roads. In tho case of main ronds a principle has been laid down ; in tho case of branch roads the Ministerial proposal of last Session was to impose tlie obligation on the respectivo Road Trusts through which blanch roads were to pass. In theory this looks well, and perhaps, as a whole, no better plan can be readily devised, but experience would soon show that by laying down such a hard and fast rule great hardship would be inflioted on special localities that, without deriving the slightest benefit, would find themselves, nolens volens, subjected to an annual additional rate. That the possibility of such hard, ship should, however, infer an abandonment of tho proposal in its entirety, would to bo to run to the other extreme. In all probability only an adjustment of details would bo required, and perhaps the most satisfactory way in which a great public good could be effected without inflicting unnecessary individual hardships, would be, as a preliminary to any such scheme of branch roads as Ministers proposed laat Session, a re-adjustment of all Road Trust boundaries, and an inclusion in soma, Road Trust of any^'portions'of the Colony that fyavo not yet reached this stage of progress. In formerly writing of the objections to the Branch Roads Construction Bijl-pure Mid. simple-r-of Ministers, wo mentioned on instance which combined a lliroatonod hardship with little possibility of the Trust, ovon as a whole, being able to bear the burden of maintenance. Wo then paid : " That tho scheise pf the Minister of LandB, how- ever well meant, is orudo and ill-digeotpd, and has been prepared without any regard to the necessities of districts, or the equity of the burdens proposod to be imposed, and that the expenditure is, in some instances at least, enormous compared with the value of the fec.-BÍmple of the land affected, may be seen from in- formation which hag been furnished an hon. Membor, and kindly placed at our disposal. In contiguous locali- ties, and forming parts of one '¿'ruet, threpbranpb roads are proposed. Une on which it is proposed to expend £3,500,runs through land on which there are 28 occupiers, the property tax amounting to £15. Id a neighbouring locality with 29 occupiers, the property tax amounting to £15, no expenditure is proposed, but it will have to bear ita share of the maintenance of the roads of its neighbours. In another locality with 37 occupiers, the property tax also amounting to £15, an expen- diture of £500 is proposed. In the fourth sub-division, the property tax in which is £10, and the road through which is common to all, an expenditure of £000 is proposed. The interest on the proposed expenditure of £4,000 at 4} per cent, would, making allowance for discount on sale of debentures, be, as nearly ob may be, £207. The road rate for the lost year of which we have returns was £55 4s. Gd., the Government subsidy being of an equal amount. While the State would pay annually £207 interest, it would receive £55 in property tax, and possibly £09 in additional road rate J a poor speculation for Government, but a heavy burden for tho Road TruBt." A case of still greater hardship has been brought under our notico which not only illustrates tho position wo tako up, but affords a discouraging prospect of the readiness of Govern- ment to adjust a griovanco or rodress a wrong, even in a case in which the remedy is entirely }n their hands. Some timo ago the people of Gould's Country and Thomas' Plains having read in the reports of tho proceedings of Par- liament that there was a hesitation in ex- pending monoy on roads which there was no one to look after, took tho necessary Bteps to have these contiguous districts, with a common outlet by sea-George's Bay, constituted a Road Trust. They then discovered that the district of Thomas' Plains had, without the knowledge or consent of the inhabitants, been previously included in the Road Trust of Upper Ringa- rooma, a district with which they had nothing in common, for there is a dividing range or saddleback of country that defies locomotion except of tho most primitive description ; and tho Road Trust of Ringarooma, to givo it justice, had not attempted to levy rates till they found the men of the Plains Booking a new love. Then an attempt at levying rates was made, and the Chairman of the Ringarooma Road Trust objected to being bereft of Thomas' Plains, because, as ho said in an official letter to the Minister of Lands, " The natural outlet of the whole of tho produce of the portion of this district proposed to be joined to tho road district of Gould's Country is through the district of Ringarooma by way of Bridport, and the mouth of the Ringa- rooma River via Moorina;" and because "the majority of the claimholdors do not wish for the chango of boundaries, as such chango would be contrary to their interests ;" both statements so unfounded in fact, that at a meeting of the in- habitants of tho Plains held last week, the read- ing of these statements was receivod, as wo aro informed, with roars of laughter. Yot though the Minister of Lands must bo porfeotly awaro that the natural configuration of tho country is very différant from what a glance at the map would lead one to beliove, ho delays the action which tho law authorises, and the people of Gould's Country and Thomos' Plains aro kept in very unnecessary suspenso. No moro unnatuial combination could bo imagined than Ringa- rooma and Tilomas' Plains ; and, woro tho exist- ing boundaries maintained, no stronger argu- ment could bo advanced against tho Government 'proposal to hold a Road Trust, os a wholo, responsible for tho maintenance of a road made in a part of it. In the list of branch roads pub» mitted to Parliament last Sossion were tho following :-" From Scottsdale to Upper (Ringarooma, £4,000. From Branxholm- lane to Branxholm, £1,000. From Branxholm 'to Moorina, £1,500. From Moorina to Ringarooma port, £2,000 ;" together, £8,500, an expenditure that could no more benefit Thomas' Plains than it could the Huon. On tho other hand, there was an item "From Lowor Junction to Weldborough, £2,000," a similar, amount to that voted for tho same work some years ngo, but which Mr. O'Reilly, as Minister of Lands in tho Crowther Ministry, misappropriated to benefit mining soctions in which Mr. William L. Crowther had a per- sonal interest. The expenditure of this £2,000 could by no probable emergency benefit Ringa- rooma ; yot under the Branch Roads Construc- tion Bill, and the Cross and Bye Roads Act Amondmcnt Bill of lost Session, the £10,500 would liavo beon lumped together, and the people on both sidos tho range have had to bear the cost of maintenance irrespective of benefit. Tho impropriety of retaining Thomas' Plains as a portion of the Ringarooma Road Trust, and tho injustico of delaying the desire for joint action on the part of Gould's Country and the Plains which httve so much in common, we would havo more strongly insisted upon, for we know some- thing of the tono of publio opinion in the locali- ties interested, had it not been that we have received a letter from a well-informed and deeply interested correspondent which io fairly places the subjoot before the publia, that we think we cannot do better than leave him to ?peaje 'for himself and the people who complain j i of having forced on thom a connection which is distasteful to them. Ho writes : Some months ago a movement was initiated for con- stituting o Road Trust to maintain and improve the roads and trades betwixt the tin mining districts and the port of shipment at George's Bay. Into thiH movement tho claimholdera and business people at Tilomas' Plains and its neighbourhood entered heartily. But on opening communication with the Government on tho subject, they discovered that they were already included in the road district of Upper Ringarooma, As lhere is no regular communication betwixt tho important mining district of Thomas' Plaina and Ringarooma, the only connecting link betwixt the two being a bush track over which no through traffio passen, and the maintenance of which íb specially neglected by the Ringarooma Road Trust, the injustice of this arrangement was glaringly apparent, and steps were immediately taken to havo it remedied. To this end a public meoting was convened, at which it was re*)lvod_to petition the Government to separate the district of Thomas' Plains from the Upper Ringarooma road district, and to joiu the -newly constituted district of Gould's Country. Tho committee who were entrusted with tho task of drawing up the petition, took the packers into their counsel, and sketched a boundary including all the sections that packed tin to George's Bay, excluding all those that sent ore to Port Ringa- rooma, or Bridport. As the raiton de être of a Road Trust is the maintenance of roads, it will be admitted that all those claimholdera who derive benefit from a particular road-and from that road only-should be cal.'cd upon to contribute to its maintenance. For it is a remarkable fact, that the community of Thomas' Plains and its vioinity derives absolutely nothing in the shape of supplies from Bridport or Port Ringa- rooma ; nor doeB it send a singlo ounce of its produce in that direction. Thus the committee reasoned that as they only ¡included within the boundaries of the proposed new district, those sections that depended upon the road to George's Bay, they would give no ground for complaint or objection. But it seemB they were mistaken. The Chairman of the Ringarooma Road Trust sees in the proposed alteration a gross in- justice; and objects to it in its entirety, for (wo reasons-First, because the mutual outlet of that district is to the North by way of Bridport and Fort Ringarooma; second, because the clsim ho)ders do not desire separation, Tile first of these reaions seomd very spepjous to people who are unconnected with the district, and whose know- ledge of its position is derived fron) maps ; it sceqiB so very natural that the traffic shoiild follow the water, shed. But all those who are engagod in business, either as storekeepers or carriers, have found the road to George's Bay the only practicable one; and I believe it is an indisputable fact that there never baa been a load carried betwixt Thomas' Plains and Brid- port. Thero ia a atory of an old mosstrooper.eyoing a stock of hoy, and saying, " Gin ye had four legs ye sboujd bo" stand lang there," But even that worthy could not drivo a quadrupeds) haystack from Rings; rooms to Thomas' Plains. The prototypes of that old borderer on the Plains-the cattle drovers, invariably fetch their stock from George's Bay, although the distance from the nearest part of their principal source of supply, the Fingal district, is much less via Ringa- rooma than it is by tho Bay. This fact is conclusive against the-according to the map-natural route argument. For if it ii iraprapt|poblp jp tho case of the most caBily transported of all descriptions of produce, cattle, how can it be available for the carriage of tin ore? As for the objeotion that the olalmholders do not wish for separation, there is not one who, on his attention being called to it, .did not sign the petition. It is true there are a great many of those gentlemen who do not reside on the Plains, and consequently cannot be fully aware of the merits of the cale. But if .these gentlemen are made to understand, tha the rotes at present levied 'are expended upon roads on which not an ounce of their oro ever travels, nor a particle of the supplies required by their employa, whereas, in the event of the district which we have indicated being separated and annexed to Gould's Country, the reverse would be the case. Is there any doubt which side they would support? Aa a great many of these gentlemen reside in Hobart Town and ita neighbourhood-shareholders in the Belmont, Waverley, Albert, Union, Laffer and Norwegian, and other Cppiponieg-it is to be hoped that they will come forward and give tho Ringarooma Chairman's ai¡sert(on an emphatic contradiction. Thero is one curious circumstance in connection with this affair that deserves more than a passing notice. The people at Thomas' Plains were ignorant of their connection with Ringarooma until after they had applied to be in- cluded in the Gould's Country Trust. True some of them had been compelled to poy rood rates to Ringa- rooma, but they supposed this was only blaokuiaii that people out in the'cold were liable to poy to any Trust that chose to 'demand it. In the course of the pro- ceedings in re, the petition, it waa ascertained that on the constitution of a Road Trust it is obligatory to post notices on certain public places calling on the ratepayers to meet for thp ejection qf Trustees. Now st Tilomas' PlajnB we have \,vo pubjichoupes, several stores, eta, a post office, an assembly hall, and that crewning glory of British civilisation-a lock- up. Yet noone over saw a copy of the Gazette notice constituting the road district of Ringarooma, and calling ppon the ratepayers to proceed to the election of Trustees, posted upon any of those public places. Question : If that oraisaiqp, dots not render the election of the Trustees illegal, and all their subsequent pro- ceedings null and void ? I mention this for the especial benefit of the Chairman and his co-TrusteeB as in per- sisting in their selfish and unprincipled opposition to the petition of Thomas' Plains they may bring a hornet's nest about their ears. They may not only have to disgorge all the rotes they have already collected, but be mulcted in heavy penalties to boot. Verbum sap. ________^^_^^ Aldermanic Election.-Mr. W. F. Brownell's reply to a requisition, asking him to be nominated as a candidate for a Boat in the City Council, is pub- lished to-day. The gentlemen who have now declared their intention to stand are- Messrs. Watchorn, Belbin, Brownell, Gregory, Risby, and Clark. A. A. DiiGitEE.-The preliminary examination for the A.A. Degree takes place in tho Freemasons' Hall to-day, beginning at 9 o'clock. The subjects' will be Arithmetic and English in the morning, Rev. G. Clarke and Hon. J. W. Agnew in attend- ance, and History and Geography in the afternoon, Rev. G. Clarke and Hon. T. D. Chapman being present. The general examination begins to-morrow morning, and will close on Monday the 13th, The following is the time-table and roster of attendance of memberB of the Council of Education :-Satur- day-Morning, Italian and Music, Hon. H. Butler, Mr. Justice Dobson; afternoon, Zoology and Botany, Von. Arohdeaeon Davenport and Rev. W. J. Dunne, Monday, 6th--Morning, Natural Philo- sophy and Gorman, Hon. W. R. Giblin and Mr. Jamoa Grant ; afternoon, English, Hon. T, M. Innes and Mr. Thoa. Stephens. Tuesday-Morn- ing, Mathematics, Mr, Tarleton and Hon. Jas. Whyto ; afternoon, French, Mr. Russell Young and Hon. J. W. Agnow. Wednesday-Morning, Mathematics, Dr. Butler and Rev. G. Clarke ; after- noon, Greek, Hon. T. D. Chapman and Von. Arch- deacon Davenport. Thursday-Morning, Latin, Mr. Justice Dobson and Rev. W. J. Dunne ; after- noon, Latin, Hon. W. R. Giblin and Mr. Ja«. Grant. Friday, 10th-Morning, Latin, Mr. T. Stophens and Hon. Jos. Whyto ; afternoon, Matbo matics, Hon. J. W. Agnow and Mr. Tarleton. Saturday, 11th-Morning, History and Geography, Mr. R. xoung and Rev. G. Clarke; afternoou, Greek, Hon. J. W. Agnew and Mr. Jos. Grant. Monday, 13th-Morning, Drawiug and Geology, Rov. W, J. Dunne and Ven. Archdeacon Daven Sort ; afternoon, Drawing, Hon. F. M, lunes and [r. Stephens. Publications.-The Catholic Standard this month gives a long notice of the lsto Rev. Mother Murphy, continues tho collections and recollections of the Catholio Church in Tasmania, and contains a quantity of interesting reading matter.-Tho Tasmanian Presbyterian Magazine publishes ac- counts' of the Presbyterian Conference in Melbourne, and the Pan-Presbyterian Connoil in Philadelphia, at the latter, Tasmania was represented by the Rev. R. S. Duff.- We havo received the report of the Howard Association for 1880. The efforts of the association during tho past yoor have been cspooially directed to the diffusion of information, at home and abroad, on the various important objects which this organisation seeks to promote in connection with the provention pf orime; and a diligent use bsB been made of the facilities afforded them by the conductors of the publio journals and periodicals, Prison reforms, temperance, capital punishment, and other matters, have reooivod consideration, aud the attention of the authorities and the publio have been drawn to many provalent evils. Crrr Police Court.- Mr. Tarleton, P.M., dis- posed of the charge sheet yesterday. Jano Ladds, alla» King, an old offender, waa fined 80s. Od., with the option of a month's imprisonment, for oreating a disturbance in Watohorn.atroet. A female, for boing drunk and incapablo, was fined 10s. Gd. Andrew Parsmoro, on a charge of stealing two bottles of rum, was remanded until the 8th inst. Mayor's Court. - His Worship the Mayor attended at tho Mayor's Court yesterday. The cue of Thomas Young, for allowing a chimney on his premises to take fire, was adjourned till next Thursday. A large number of rato cases were dis- posed of. The Escape from the Hospital.-Wm. Ibbott, the man who made his escape on Saturday last from the General Hospital, where he wss detained sa a i patient, suffering from melancholia, has turned up. He made his way, to bia unole's residence at tho L Old Beaoh,' Arriving' there un the following Monday l " Mr. Ibbott is stated to be much better in hep1 ' 11, .lthoughnotoonvtlssoui .»< > .>>'? *" The Bishop of Tassiania.-From the Leicester papor, which Bishop Bromby has courteously sent us, we find that at the Church Congress, held in that city at tho end of September, ho delivered a very able and thoughtful addreEB on " Pauperism and Thrift," Wo are unablo to reproduoo the whole, but may quote the two conclusions to which ho posntcd at the commencement of bia addross. 1. That a large and incroasiug portion of the working class is already making due provision for the season of sicknoss and for funeral expensos. That the number is becoming larger as the facilities aro being brought nearer to their doora and the absolute Becuiity offered by tho Post Office Savings Banks is becoming botter understood. 2. That there is overy reason to believo that rho samo spontaneous pro- vision would be extended to life insurance and pensions in old age, and that general banking pur- poses will be increasingly made as the objects and security of a great national bank already provided for the industrial disses aro better under- stood. The question is, continuod the Bishop, shall|tho moro improvident olasB bo compelled to do a certain part of this great duty, or be encouraged to do much moro, if not at once, yet gradually ; or Bhall thoy be first encouraged, and then, if neces- sary, compelled as a last resource ? Wo aro, as a fact, only just boijinnine, and yet tho results of tho working of the Post OfBuu banks havo been moat encouraging. The concluding part of the address, containing an allusion to 'colonial ways, waa as fol- lows :-" Our common object is to make the poor law inoperative by diminishing the claimants. I look forward to the time when tho number of such claimants may be so diminished as to allow of the relief of the poor being once more directed into its ancient healthier channels, when labours of love shall be undertaken by Church charity, nnd old guilds adapted to modern ideas; and tho voluntary efforts of Christian bonovolence shall bo subsidised not Bupersedod by local ratea. Wo havo what we call ' benevolent societies' at work in the colonies. These societies employ discriminating agencies for the relief of real want. Their funds are aubsidised by tho State pound for pound. The fatherless children, hero as there, would, under such treat- ment be transferred from the pauperising influences of a union school to breathe tho puru air of a Christian orphanage. Innocent boys and girls would bo kept from tho taint of an hereditary pauperism. Deserving poor, who havo been them- selves payers of taxes, would rooeivo support upon which they had a moral claim, without tho attach- ment of disgrace ; and a broad line of distinction made,1 as oaunot bo mado now, but which should bo everlastingly made, between tho deserving and undeserving poor," Tns Hobart'Town Regatta.-The Executive Committee af tho Hobart Town Regatta mot lost I evening, at Lowis' Bird-in- Hand Hotel, Argyle, street, this being tho last meeting in oonneotion with the winding up of tho laat aquatio festival. There were present Mr. Charles Dowdell (chairman), and Messrs. Huylo, MocMilIao, Turner, Watchorn, Gil), Norman, Mitchell, and O'Boylo (Secretary). A varioty of busiucBS connected with tho last regatta was transacted. It was decided to hold the Çublic meeting, if possible, some day next week, he Mayor's convenience will be consulted as to the day which ia to be fixed, as he will ba invited to take the chair, Thp committee intend to pro. Eooo Tuesday, the §th February, as the day for olding the next regatta. This ia a week later than last year, and the choice is a wise one, as tho weather will then be more Bettled, and the town will be getting full of visitors, some in anticipation of the Summer Race Meeting of tho Tasmanian Jockey Club, which takes place at Elwick the week after. From what we can gathor, no pains will be spared in tho efforts of the committoo to make the regatta a successful one in every way, and it is to be hoped that the public will respond heartily to make it bo by liberal subscriptions to the funds, and any other farm of support wbioh may suggest itself. ClUCKST.-A matoh will be played on tho As- sociation ground to-morrow afternoon, between the Break o'Day and Wellington clnbs, wickets to bo pitohed at half-past 1 sharp, The following are the rospeotive elevens :-Break o'Day : E. Adams, 0\. W. Butler, E. H. Butler, G. S. Chapman, D. Cuthbert, A. L. Giblin, C. Goddard, R. G. Kirby, M. Maxwell, R. Pope, H. B. Smith. Wellington ¡ Capt. Boddam, H. V. Bayly, C. E. Davies, H, Lucas, L. MoLeod, C. Lovett, W. Lovett, A. Hannaford, E. Wright, Milner, G, Farmer. At New Town Park the Riohmopd and New Town clubs will meet, play to commence at 10'30 a.m. sharp, At Now Norfolk, eleven of the New Nor- folk public Bohool will play a similar number of the Battery Point school. Tho latter will leave the Ship Hotel corner by 'bus at 8 a.m. Tns Alleged Smuggling Case.-An enquiry was made by the Customs department yesterday into the .supposed oase of smuggling dutiable artjoles from, the barque Taiwan lying at the crano wharf. Tho explanation of the first mate of the vessel, under whoso orders the man upon whom the goods were found being considered satisfactory, no steps will be taken in the matter. It appears that a s li ¡p's officer, whose family reside in Hobart Town, had been from home for some time, When at Mauritius ho met the chief oQloer of the Taiwan, who is i> foreigner, and requested bim to convey a parcel to his wife in Hobart Town. The mate of the Taiwan was executing the request, when his messenger was stopped by the police The parcel contained two small bottles of scent, two or three pieces of soap, and short lengths of calico and print. Benevolent Society.- At the meeting qf tho Executive ¡Committoo of the Bonovolont Society yesterday qftornoon, at the offjees, Bathu,rat-streot, thero were present-Mr. R. A. Mather (chairman), Mr, John Mitchell, and Dr. E. S. nail (secretary), The minutes of the last meeting were read and con- firmed. The returns from the Government Depots stated tho discharges to bo- Brickfields, 2 ; New Town, 5. Four applications for relief were investi gated. Two in which the husbands had loft their wives with young children, and a third, whero the husband was in the General Hospital, woro ordored for relief. In the other, the man had been offered work in the woodyard, but did not accept it. The Registrar reported 42 cases, 131 individuals, re- lieved last woek, with 40 full and 2 half rations. Nine Government cases were also investigated. " Tns Ghost." - Numerous rumours aro still afloat concerning alleged appearances of "the ghost" in various parts of the oity and suburbs. If we had, however, takon any notice of these or similar reports which are current aa to the number of times he ie said to have been either shot or captured, we should havo had to devote a considerable portion of our papor daily to the subjoct. One incident, however, may be mentioned. It is that a report has been lodged at the police station to the effect that a Mr. Hamer, who resides near the burial ground in Campbell-street, at 10 o'clock on Wednesday night, saw a person passing his house, who was attired in a dark dress, but bad a white hand- kerchief over the head, and whoso face was whitened. Hamer told the constable to whom ho reported tho circumstauco that ho took hold of tho person in question, when he found that it was a man dressed in female olothing, Mr. Hamer did not know tho man, but he appeared to be frightened. AU that the man said was, " What do you want with me 7" The aocount as to what occurred was corroborated by Mrs. Hamer and another woman who rcBides in the same house. No explanation was afforded, however, as to what induced Mr. Hamer to relinquish the grasp he had of one who appeared to be frightened, and who waa evidently up to some kind of misohief. A moro plucky show was made a few nights ago. A party of ladios and gentlemon returning home towards Battery Point, between 9 and 10 o'clock, were surprised to boc a little respectably dressed boy of some ten or twelve summers wandering along, and still moro surprised on coming np to him to disoover that he was a 'neighbouring boy, son of a now deceased hut onco well known and respeoted sea captain. Asking by name what he waa doing out at that hour, ho promptly replied, " I am watching to catch the Ghost." "And why do you want to catoh him ?" "Because I hoard that any ono that oatches the ghost will get a reward of £100." Crazy.-A carpenter, named Joseph Stacey, who resided iii upper Murray-street, was conveyed to the Gouoral Hospital yesterday by the police Stacey, who has been somewhat eccentric, had cut his throat with 'a razor. The injuries aro of a rather serious nature, but it is hoped that thoy will not havo a fatal termination. Buiint to Death,-An onguiry was held yester- day 'at the Berridale Inn, Glenorchy road, before Mr. Coroner Bilton, and a jury of seven, of whom Mr. Lloyd, the publio schoolmaster, was foreman, into the circumstanoos attonding tho death of a child of a resident of Sorell Creek. Tho circum- stances ollclted in the evidence wero of a peculiarly distressing charaoter. It appeared that on Sunday rooming the father of the deceased, Einmauuol Brandstater, went with his wifo to tho residence of a neighbour, Golieb Totonhoffcr, for the purposo of taking part in a religious sorvico, loaviug the four ohildren playing in the yard, Tho deceased, whoso Christian name was August, and who waa 2 yeara and 3 months old, by eomo means got near somo wood ashes, at which his clothes ignited. Another child ran over at once for the parents, who on their return found that an elder boy had taken off his clothoB, and was throwing wator over the deceased, who was vory muoh bur pt on the left sidp. The father carno to town on Monday for Dr. Benjafield, who was unfortunately away from home. He after- wards eaw Mr. Hinsby, the chemist, who rcoom monded that the child should be sont in'to the hospital. ,On Tuesday morning, however, death took place, caused by the injuries recoived. The jury returned a verdict of aooidental death. Great sympathy ii fslt in the diatriot for the bereav* parents. > ' TnE CniLD Murder at Hamilton.-T'6,,0?8.6 in whioh Míbb Ella Carrington and M""m^"L .1' of the "Stray Leavea" Comb.nation -W'f' "« charged with the wilful murder ¿I "\ ,7°°*' Wtts «Hen on at Hamilton on H';»' »» «»* proceeded with, the prir í£f J*«W. T,^; During the Aoonar¿¿^e ÄVmÄ ÏL" lilC^tre R°yftl' but who afterwards PuLii.« "jt»»yiLeaves" entertainment, upon a If-Sur .**&. A Megram was at once despatched !~""%Melbournedeteotivedepartmentto Adelaide, "Tafe Mr. Taylor was residing, and he was shortly forwards arrested,and charged with the eanital ffenoe. He will be remanded to Hamilton, where < o will be bronght np with the other (wo prisoners. 11 r Exhibition Notes.-Mr. Officer roports, 27th Novemhor, that a dozen photos, of the stone trophy havo boen obtained for 15s., and aro being placed so as to attract visitors to the trophy at the end of the Fornory. Ho also reports some potty thefts from the Court, and that a Frenchman who was detected in the act has been punished with three mont!»)' im- prisonment. Mr. Officer remarks that grcator vigi- lance will have to bo exercised by Mr. Hubbard, for the thieves aro very export. Mr. Hudson writeB that the packages of catalogues sent over for the Court recently havo been refused admittance, and ho has to unpack them and send thom in by hand. He adds it is uselcaa sending any more exhibits as they will not bo admitted. Mr. Frank Butler has a grievance in regard to three blocks of Brighton freestone, which ho obtained from his quarries, and presented to the Commission, and which were ordered for tho sixth course of masonry ; but, by somo unaccounted for error, they aio not built in tho trophy, but lie on tho ground near the base. Mr. Officer had been speaking to the foreman of the Public Works department about the stone used for tho Law Courts, when he said tho quality was nil that could bo desired, lmt that thoy experienced great diffi- culty in getting it in quantity. Glenorchy.- At the Glenorchy licensing meet- ing on Wednesday, the Warden (Mr. W. Murray) and Mr. S. P. H. Wright, J.P., were the only justices present. The following licenses were granted without opposition:- Garden Milne Petrie, Derwent Inn, Risdon Ferry ; John Robert Hurst, Prince Albert Inn, New Town ; Thomas Todd Cooley, Horse and Jockey, New Town ; Elijah Bagot, Dusty Miller, Glenorchy ; John Patrick McDonnell, Hop-Pole, Glenorchy ; Joseph Smith, Club Hotel, Glenorchy ; Henry Ellis, Berridale Inn, Glenorchy road ; Robert Donald, York Hotel, South Bridgewater ; same, public bar, New Nor fold road station. At the Police Court yesterday, before the same justices, an old man named Alfred Ellis was fined 5s., for absenting himself from the service of his mastor, Mr. James Collins, and also ordered to forfeit any balanco of wages due to him. The fine was paid. Franklin.-Tho annual licensing meeting was held at tho Police Offico, Franklin, on Wednesday, tho 1st December. Justices present :-Mcssra Kellaway (obairmau), Hawkins, Geeves, Parsons, and Chapman. The following renewals wore granted :-Win. Mead, Franklin Hotol ; Henry Watson, Lady Franklin Hotel ; George Kenny, Kent Hotel ; William Dance, Harvest Home, Port Cygnet j Thoa. Sexton, Port Cygnet Hotel ; Wm. R. Lucas, Picnic Hotol, Victoria ; David West, Alabama Hotol, Shipwrights' Point; Thos. Counolly, Dover Hotel, Port Esperance ; John Kennedy, Southport Hotel, Southport. Tho following cases were then disposod of:-John Lynch, for being drunk and disorderly, fined 5s. James Woolley, for allowing cattlo to stray on the public street, fined la. each. Hynds v. Dwyer, ob- structing a rood, case dimisBcd. Hanlan and Laycock.-Tho action of Hanlan in refusing to row Laycock for tho sculling championship of the world within tho usual six months' interval, unless he makes a wager of £1,000 in addition to the usual £200 stoko, has (says the Argus) boon regarded by persons who toko au interest in the conteat as a very unfair pro- ceeding. On Monday an attempt was modo to collect in Melbourne a portion of tho money to complete the sum of £1,200 necessary to make' the match. Mr. J. Thompson called on several gentle- men with the view of getting subscriptions for the purposo, and met with a fair amount of success. The Hon. J. G. Francis was one of the first asked, and he at once agreed to give a subscription ; the Hon. W. J. Clarke, Mr. Joseph Clarke, and Mr. J. R. Smith, N.S.W., agreed to give £25 each. Several other gentlemen subscribed various Binns, amounting in all to £1G5. By telegraph wo learn that at a publio meeting held on Monday night at Sydney the sum of £351 was subscribed. With what will be subscribed in Melbourno and Sydney, and the amouut already subscribed in England, it is almost a certainty that the sum will bo made np. The Bank of New South Wales baa generously offered to transmit tho money to England free of all charge, exeept the oost' of tho telegram. The money subscribed íb to be used for making tho match between Hanlon and Laycock, and if the latter should gain the victory, the money will bo returned to the subsoribors. A meeting of the Derwent Sailing Boat Club is to be held at the Nautilus Hotel, on Tuesday evening next. _ The meeting of the Wesleynn Christian Associa- tion, arranged for this evening, has been noatrjoned. 