POLITICAL ECONOMY. THE DRY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS. I By Mr. Philadelfhus Pehn. S.D.D.C. No. XV.—QUANTITY AND QUALITY. my readers will notice a change in the titular distinction which Is appended to my name. M is changed, into S—which means in plain English, that I have been entrusted with the duty and crowned with the honour of being Secretary of the Dry-as-Dust Club. This preferment was given me by the unanimous vote of the01nb,but was accepted with astrong affectation of dissent on the part of the partner of my home. I do not for one moment believe it was real on her part, and imagine that the offended lady will secretly enjoy the envy of my hundreds of fair readers, who will each and all think that such an honour might have been given to their husbands, lovers, or sons. It came about quite unexpectedly. The Secretary has left town to undertake the Editor ship of the Port Wattle Bay Oatette, which paper he intends to conduct on sound principles of Political Economy. His place had to be filled and I was elected to it, at the suggestion of Professor Dry-as-Dust himself, and with a ursnimity that was most flattering. I venture to transcribe part of the President's remarks, as it may enable my readers to understand better my position, and what the Club thinks of my boldness in publishing theBe " papers." " Gentlemen," said he, " yon have elected at my suggestion Mr. Philadelphus Penn to be your Secretary. He is but a new member, but he has already won his economic spurs. I admire his boldness in holding up before the public the doings of our Club. It may be that some of us have winced under the mild irony which he has infused into his reports ; but like Izaac Walton's angler putting the worm on the hook, 'gently as though he loved it,' he has put down naught in malice. I hope he may be the better able to use his pen for the educa tion of the public in our favourite science, now that he has charge of our library, our do cuments, and of the material which was destined for our projected Economic Sun. Who knows, now thai Mr. Penn is our Secretary, but that that Sun may yet rise upon the literary firmament of South ' Australia." I listened to this last suggestion with dubious ness. I wondered what the Editors of our dailies would say, if a modest and retiring member of the staff were to eclipse the Register and the Observer by such an ambitious venture. Of one thing I was certain, that no Star would twinkle if the Sun shone. I have taken up so much space with these personal matters that I will postpone to another time publishing my notes of the discussion which ensued on the subject of "savings,"and will give instead a letter which was re ceived and read on. the evening of my election, which was called forth by Mr. Pickup's arith metical ghost and his population-bogie. It ran thus >■ " Progress Villa, North Adelaide, July —1880. " My dear Mr. President —You and I are both old men, at least so I judge, for I have never seen you that I know of. I can remember the Battle of Waterloo, and that will tell you that I am not very young. I was a boy then, but I can remember well how hard it was for my father to get labourers to work on his farm, and how I had to do a man's work to help him. Everybody was suffering from the war. There was little money, not much work for anybody, and few workmen to do it. Wages ought to have been good but they were not so, and the reason was, as one of our Glub Papers putB it, that while there were not too many workmen there was no money to pay tbem. I used to think that the labour market was governed by the supply of and demand for workmen, and by nothing else, but I was mistaken. I could not make it out at that time at all. I began to read a bit. I got hold of the Rev. Mr. Malthus' book on "Population," and it frightened me at first, just as it has done Mr. Pickup. I felt there was something wrong, however, about it, for the French wars had knocked off our super fluous population with a vengeance. There was no need for your benevolent murderer with a hollcw wooden leg to play his innocent game in those days. What has struck me as I look back on those times is the very rapid way in which England, recovered after that terrible war. She soon became rich, and' the gaps in her population were filled up very quickly. I attribute this to the fact that the war taught people to save. They were so reduced and trade was bo hampered that they were compelled to save, and this habit of saving went with them into the better and more peaceful times that followed. Saving is capital, and as capital increased men found work. There were more workmen but' there was more work, and what was better tbere was money to pay them. You are quite right in saying that it is not the supply of labour alone that governs the market, —it is that and capital as well. If I go to the East-End Market, which I sometimes do on a Saturday night, and happen—as is sometimes the esse—to forget to fill my purse, I cannot buy what I want. The supply of fruit may be emple, bat what is the nee of that If a man has so capital in his pocket. Working men at home won't believe this plain principle, hat oat here so many of them are small capitalists tbat they are wiser than their mates in England. *'I think that sometimes yon economists in year wish to make yonr science exact, forget how great a difference there is between quality and quantity in labour. The value of a nation depends more on the quality than on the quan tity of its workmen. Ghina has more quantity than Japan, but Japan will beat her in the long ran because of the progressive character of her people. I don't like to see imported into this country all the sweepings of the English labour market, but if we can only get the right quality we shall be all the better for a constant supply of immigrants. A good workman, who has not only a strong arm, but has got a thinking brain and dexterous fingers, will command higher wages, but will not consume any mere of the nation's wealth than his poorer brother. If he did just double the work of the other, and got just double the pay, the country would be better off with him, than with two inferior men at half the wages, because the two would con sume twice as much capital in food &c.; A good and clever workman when he gets married will do his best to improve his children, whereas a mere clodhopper is content to think it quite good enough for his children to be what he has always been. Quality begets quality, and quan tity begets quantity, and it is the quality of a nation tbat has to bear the burden of its quan tity. • When a man feels that he is bound to give his children a better and more thorough education than he has himself received, he oon fers a benefit on the State by marrying.' If the quality of a people gradually Improves there is no fear of that bogie of Mr. Pickup's haunting ns, for prudence is one element of quality, and tho prudent man will postpone marriage unless he can keep np his standard of comfort. " I am not afraid of this terrible bogie. In Australia ft is qnite out of place, for we have room enough and wealth enough to do with a few extra millions of people provided they do not come too qnickly. The spectre in this laud wonld feel that he would have to seek in vain for a resting-place, and would soon be off to Ohina where he is quite at home. But our great safeguard from the hard mathematical tyranny of your theories, and from Mr. Malthas' terrible ghost, and from Mr. Pickup's dressing up of the same, and from all symptoms of national deca dence, is in educatioD. We must improve the quality of the people, and leave the quantity to take care of itself. "One tbiDg I don'c like about our present educational efforts. They have a tendency to manufacture farmers' sons into clerks. We must have clerks but there are too many of them. We want to train our young men as hand-workers, not to make quilldrivers of them. The most miserable and inefficient of mortals is a mere clerk out of employment. I don't wonder at working men despising bim ; but I wish they would Bet before their children that it is better to be a skilled workman than a poor scribe. " I hope you will excuse an old man's gar. rulity. I have seen so much of the world that I do not know when to stop when my pen begins to run. I read all Mr. Penn's papers, and am glad that he has dragged your Olub into pub licity. He may publish this letter if he likes. I speak with some authority, for I was the head of a family nearly as patriarchal as that of Jacob* I tried to give all a good education. They have got married and have their children, and even some of my grandchildren are now fathers and mothers. My family pictnre if taken and painted by Mr. Solomon, wonld be almost, if not quite, as crowded as that of Her Majesty in Handle-street. Some of my descendants have turned clerks, and some have become trained workmen, but though the former may wear the cleanest clothes and the smartest neokties, I believe the others have had a far larger share of real happiness and contentment. Please send me your cud. I shopld like to have an hour's gossip with the venerable Professor Dry-as Duet, but don't let Mr. Penn be present to take down et>d publish in the Observer and the Jewnal what we may say.—Tours truly, " Sbnex Jokes." " Mr. Fenn," said the President," try and find out who Senex Jones is. I should be de lighted to introduce him to the Olub, and pro pose bim as a member thereof." 