FIRE BRIGADE PERFORMANCE. Despite the.. unfavorable ,weather and the..counter attractions presented by the quadrille. party, held in the' Council Chambers, theo amateur performandoe in aid of the funds of the Alexandra Fire Brigade was numerously attended, and .passed off with great spirit. The first item on, the programme was the farce "Fortune's Frolic," the principal character in which is Robin Roughhead,' a ploughman, who is suddenly elevated to rank and fortune, the, latter of; which he devotes to the purpose of making happy all those around him. Mr H. S. Long played the part of Robinvory ably, and made him a great favorite with the audience, who were lavish in their applause .when lie denounced the villainous machinations of Snacks, the steward, and took liis 'victim, the oppiessed AMr Frank, by the hand; ?Mr J . Lipscombe made an extremely amusing scoundrel of Snacks,: his, terror when the supposed ghost .exposes his malpractices being irresistibly ludicrous. Air S. M'Donald played the part of AIr Frank, a reduced gentleman, :in an easy anid natural manner, and the snide may be said of AIr W. G. IAoen as Rattle, a bankers. clerk. . Ar Rasclhe contributed largely.to the success of.the farce by his realistic rendering of Dame' Margery, his make up being also remarkably good. rEr E/I:R.JBough repres nt'ed'Qll Martin a cottager with a faithfulness of detail highly praiseworthy, while Messrs W. J. Davies and J. Lawlor performed the small parts allotted to them creditably. After a short interval, the curtain rose on tite Alexandra Ethopian Minstrels, who sang a number of songs and choruses. The most pleasing selections were undoubtedly given by AMr Rasche, who sang " Little Sweetheart, comine and kiss me" and Mr Bomuigh, who gave " Little Nettio e Moore.' The former's clear alto voice is eninently suited to minstrelsy, and was a delighstful element in the choruses. The last remark likewise applies to Mr Bough, whose musical baritone voice is always wortlL listenime: to. The coriner men, Messrs A. Richey and. A. Stillman, were as comical as the grcatcstlover of fun could desire, and indeed to our thinking, Mr Richey as on amnateuir nigger could hardly be excelled. Mr T. Bulmner, whose presence is indispensable on these occasions, conducted the orchestral arrangements with his usual skill, and Mr Long ofliciated as " iMr Johnson" The entertainment concluded with "The Spectre Blridegromi" the caste of which was in the main the same as when pre sented sonic short time since. Mr O. 1I. llamea as Mr Nicodemus was as absurdly stilted in manner, AMr Lips combe as Squire Ahlwinkle as jovial, 5Mr M'D)onald as Captain Vauntington as dasiting and soldierly, and Mr Long as Dickory as ludicrously nervous air when we last saw them, while ZMr )Davies il the part of Paul left nothing to be desired. Altogether the perfor ulmanlce wsas a decided success, and appeared to be greatly enjoyed by all I present. 