APS LB Y. /from our own correspondent). June 6. • I have been so long silent that my ; Apsley friendB have evidently come to the conclusion that I am"-waiting too long, as evidenced by the letter irom a correspondent which appeared in your valuable organ. As suggested bythat individual, JE» have resumed my duties ■ again, and a# there is nothing stimng about here lam constrained to get-a subject -where I can. V I see you ate going to Kave one more Church in Narracoorte, and lf^lshe ministers who may fill its .pulpit arenas fearless and eloquent as the saint~-it is named after, it should prosper. To my idea the laying of the foundation stone . was accompanied by certain formalities which would indicate Ritualism in the shell. I am one of those who do not care to go in for- show, and cannot appreciate it when connected , With religion. There are those in the world who despise the simple teaching of the Saviour, and try to make their services attractive by the aid of candles and incense. I never connected them with the Church of England before, but have an idea that Ritualists are of the same class. I trust the rev. gentleman who . preached on the Sabbath after the laying of the foundation stone will pardon my ignorance, when I say 1 differ from "Rim on a great many points. In the first place, with regard to future punishment, Mr. Elcum says that the unhappy position of Dives will be that of the greater portion of mankind. A sweeping assertion truly. I would like to ask the rev. gentleman what authority he has for making such a statement. We are told that the Son of God came down from Heaven, and suffered death on the cross that sin should not triumph over good.' Of what use were this awful sacrifice if the great majority of those whom it was meant to benefit were allowed to go into everlasting torment, and not only everlasting, but, according to Mr. Elcum, progressive torment. According to his theory a man will not have reached the height of his misery, not even after countless millions of years have flown. What an exalted notion a man must have of the Son of the Almighty who thinks Him capable of punishing by everlasting, fearful, and progressive torment, a poor, frail being allowed by all orthodox people to be born in sin, and whose days are limited to threescoreyeaTS and ten. If manis born full of imperfections, would it be just to expect too much from him, and condemn him to torment through all eternity for sins which are but . manifestations of the imperfections his Creator gave him. Mr. Elcum is wiser than any other man of the piesent age. He knows- the half-way house at which j we must stay when we shuffle off this , mortal coil; and not only that, but he ! can tell us that we ai*e mistaken in j looking to Heaven as a place of reward,. or Hell as a place of punishment. If he speaks truth, Christ did not; and, with regard to his assertions that Lazarous was not happy in heaven nor Dives miserable in Hell,: I would ask him what Christ said to the thief on the cross—"To-day thou shalt be With me in Paradise," Could Christ dwell where perfect happiness did not exist 1 If, as Mr. Elcum says, we complete our good habits in Heaven; . and our bad ones in Hell; just imagine a pickpocket going about in Hell seeking in vain for a pocket to pick. If I were a pickpocket and found myself in those undesirable regions, I should make for the private treasures of the prince. What nonsense for fan intelligent Minister of the nineteenth century to talk. How long must a man continue to develop his habits before he. is supremely happy, or supremely, wretched. The rev. gentleman says that the world contains within its bosom fires which will one day break forth and destoiy it. Greater mien have held contrary opinions, for instance Pope.— \- .Let earth, unbalanced from her orbit fly, Planets and stars run lawless through the sky, Let ruling angels from their spheres be hurled, ■Being on bring wrecked, and world on world, Heaven's whole foundations to their centre nod And Nature trembles to the throne of Gbd, i Air this dread order break for whom for thee : ■ Vile worm. Oh 1 madness, pride, impiety. Mr. Elcum says " we are to take as sufficient God's word as delivered by the. mouthpiece of his Church." We must not expect the grace of God to work within us unless we listen to the . teachings of-the Church. "Except the Rather which hath sent me draw you ye cannot come," said the Saviour; and till that time comes the teaching of the Ohurch will fall to awaken the con„ science. With regard to the worship of the Almighty, I differ from Mr. Elcum again, inasmuch as T believe the Saviour when ' he says that the prayer of the publican Was more acceptable to God than that" of the pharisee, and also when he speaks of going into the closet and shutting £h£ door !when in the act of prayer,,Christ shows that ostentatious display is despicable in t he eyes of God. I would , say from his senium that Mr. r Elcum.is inclined togive ostentatious praiseto God. He speaks of worshipping God on earth as he is worshipped in Heaven,1 as if poor simple mortals could form" the least conception of what; thai \- worship must be like, when performed by myriads 'of' Angels; >just imaging a Church where each one, would have a harp j in their hands, and- imagine'the discord they t .would , make "If the majority were.- untaught, players and striking wrong s chorda- Mr. Elcutia . - would not"Iikejto:seeA crucifix erected • in1 a: chdrchV bht*'Would''like to see.& * cross uspd as ah. bmblemi A'Crucifix is,. he says, ,*"an image." An image is used t5 represent to us something of . . - r which we have not a clear conception. If a crucifix were greeted and worshipped it would be an image; if not worshipped it would simply -be an emblem. Mr. Elcum would like to see this sign iu the Church, but not on . * every neck, nor—shocking to say—on. ^ ^^ ^ ^he,handle of an u^rella. '". I-sayAjjis* yds ,pross!;is;,Ji^^,^!^|JH^ Whether; as serymg^p ,keej> ^Rj^eipory. of Christ before , tfe, or the idea in dur, bear the crosses' _. .. . ICi. . Atf'l ,»£ .ij .'K.-Jy t 'of fie world as the Master bore them; [ then it carrot Jbe seen in too many j places. Our*reiigion teaches that Christ' died, to save all men; what emblem] is i needed? The jbegt emblem is a grateful I remembrance Inithe heart. Mr. FIp.utu. in speaking of the Church on the hill says it is a very, handsome building, but Jthe-ittmgs Seemed to remind one only of one's self. Lwenture to assert that if-some people had not been unselfish neither the churph nor its fittiugs would have been niere.- He says he saw seats and. a .-pulpit. Dili he- expect" io see sofas aid easy'' cliaira?! Be assumes from the fapt of seats and a pulpit that people go to receiveinstractions. I am afraid they" 'have] many Walks for nothing,, but I fail to see any unselfishness in people going for . and expecting theological instructions when a man has been educated and chosen for that . purpose and fills the position of minister. The rev. gentleman also missed anything that seemed to force upon the mind the idea of a " present" worship of a present God." In the Bible we read the words—" Where a few are gathered together in my name there will The in the midst of them." I confess I cannot understand whsit he means by present worship]; because all worship to God must be present. Would it make the worship of She Presbyterian more present were]Jie,to say "Come let ns j worship, etc." Perhaps if they used the cross as an eniblem, they would not seem so far from the.right track. I confess it is great folly on my part to attempt to criticise the sermon of one who is so enlightened on matters which have hitherto been considered beyond the ken of mortals We can no longer doubt as to the future One who has been consecrated over whom the words " Receive ye the Holy Ghost!' has -been spoken, and who must therefore be full to overflowing of inspiration, has told us exactly how things are fixed in. the other world. Let us be warned in time. Let us strive to avoid the dreadful doom of Dives. Most of us it appears are to have this fate in the next world and that of Lazarus in this. How horrible to think of being tormented through all eternity and knowing that our misery is only in process of evolution. As for our happiness I could not believe ; unless Mr. Elcum had said it that we are not quite happy directly we reach ' Heaven. I was always inclined to think that in Heaven nothing but per- j lection could exist. It is- well to be undeceived in time as we shall not then expect too much happiness when we arrive there:1 I think if there is such a word as presumption it should be applied to those who fspeak with such confidence about the future. At one time it might .have suited the few to trade upon the-credulity of the masses. That day has gone.; but to, listen to the utterances of some one would" imagine that they were trying.-to make the shadow go hack a good many degrees i on the dial of intellect. If there is j such a thing as intellectual progress' men must be wiser to-day than they j were one hundred years hgo, because each' age must profit by the experiences j of the preoediugone. Of what use then is it tor ministers to try -to make men who are often equal, perhaps 'superior, to themselves believe * doctrines' tuore suited to some of the darker ages. The time has come when men must and will think for themselves; when they will divest -religion -of its coat of many colors, and -as expressed by Brunton Stephens in his mute discourse " Make daylight through traditionary ranks of . intervening- hells, And fix our eyes upon the shining dart of supreme love." They will begin to depise all formalities connected with religion such as having altars, burning incense candles, and all such folly. They will act for themselves. What was there in the Life of Christ to indicate any formality? He was God and man;; His whole . life "-was one sorrow; He never made any display; His whole doctrine was one of love, and was. summarised in; the words, "Lo veye dheahother aslha veloved you." Why do ministers preach damnation so much to those whom the Son of God gave his life to save. There must be something wrong. . -What-, if the "blind: have.been leading; the blind?" It f ^ms^strange to think the Maker of all has given us part of His "own immortality ' in giving us 'an undying spirit, and if to- save this immortal part He'clibse to sacrifice His. Son, I cannot see how ministers are justified In .preaching the doctrine of everlasting punishment. . Argument cannot solve the great ridmehf the future. As A. L. Gordon writes . 1 " The web that .the weavers weave ill • Shall not be, woven, aright, . Till the good is brought forth from evil, . As day is brought forth from night." The Cotton King of Eubope.—A: Joint-stock Company is to he formed to i take, j oyer the. cotton. manufacturing j establishment of Mr. ; Gail Sdieflber; j situated at Lodz, in Russian Poland. Mr. ! .,^ch^ber i|?ikhown as " The Cotton King I Jof::Efiropel"-Ij; His;..;] wealth!1 (says the! European Mail) is estimated ,- at from ; £5,000,000-to £6*000,000. : His spinningmills ; contain , 208,000 spindles. The capital; (.ofo the. Company is fixed at £3,000,000. roubles (say £1,000,000 , at about the,current-rate of exchange); and the statutes of the Company have already been submitted to;the Russian authorities') for approval.:. ....... . v A gift to Gabibaldi. —Garibaldi'sheroic exploits in South America, where he fought gallantly -in; the cause of freedom and independence, ' still . live in the' memory of--his Transatlantic compatriots! '(say th® ': European • Mail),; though they -appcar'tb have been long since -forgotten by the Spanish-speaking peoples on whose -behalf-obe sltaked: his life in' countless sanguinary combats. The Italian colony established in the State of Monte Yideo has purchased by subscription a miniature steamer of ten tons burden; fitted if up at once elegantly ; and luxuriously,, ehristened it f'The Lion of Oaprera," despatched it, in charge . of-Captain 'YMbenzo Fondabaro, to the ex-Dictator's island hermitage; m token of his far-off countrymen's affection and' veneration " tb,e-noblfst Italian-of fhem vaptein Fondaoaroj-4noreover,»isr charged; by;*Hig donorkJioL ibis cuhafi^oSie -febd appropriate preserit with; several other' costly.i r^fraj-'j to;!he ! conveyed-by .'itua> t6 -the ivetterhble ^ Emancipator's .own(hands, 'iir.r f-i's . d-h/ miiL w'jwiJ <>& 