The Chronicle. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1880. Ir allowed to form a judgment of the prospective issue of tiio coming elections, we eho*l(t be pretty much of Mr. Ser vics's roinsJ. " The return of the Berry Ministry h> Parliament with a ma jority," said that gentleman at Maiden,. " is, I am happy to inform yon, an im possibility." . Stronger language |SK: Service conld hardly hare .employed, and yet it seems to us to he justified by the appearance of things. Mr. Berry is opposed at Geelong, Sir Bryan O'Loghles at West Melbourne, Mr. W. C. Smith t at Bullaratj. Mr. Pat terson at CastlehYaine'; i \Mr. LaL'je at Sontk .Grant, Mr. GraST at Avnca, and, last, but not least, Mr. Loxgmoek at Kipou and Hainpden. Now, without venturing so far as to say, it is " impossible." that the whole of these gentlemen' ehqald be returned, we think'it highly improbable,'and some of ihenij we bare good reasons for iielieving, are of the Fame opinion. ! Yet -hould such aa improbable event occur, the number would not be large in the aggregate, and wfeat chances are there of their being returned, not with * ma jority .of Mxty, as:at the last 'general election, but with any majority at.allTf We see none ourselves, nor do' we be lieve that they see any. ' They have put forth their whole furcp, not only to benefit themselves, but to damage the Opposition, and with what effect t Mr. Benny's attempts to ."rally ■ the^ great-j-liberal h?ro nowhere been what could be .called pronounced successes. Oa the contrary, most of them have been eminent fail ures, of which his visit to Ararat may ■ic taken as a sample, where lie was told to "go home again," and tho people would not hear him. Nor have any of his colleagues cut a Letter figure in their attempts to thrust -themselves upon the electors ~as leaders of the "great liberal party," and turu the strife thus occasioned to~their own ac count. Where they have been moat at fault, however, is in their studied reti cence with regard to the finances of the country, in their,, failure to show what they have done with the large sums of money entrusted to their care. - -How is it that property is everywhere deprc ciated^juotwitht^uain'^ peuditure of public money, during the last three years, and that no one having anything to sell can find a buyer f.ir it ? For tliis, there- must be some cause nr causes, and what is the remedy Minis ters propose to apply, if returned to the next Parliament.with a majority 1 Jn- creased tin?rtion^iif"; every'shajieTSid form. Another hair-out of tlie -jUut of the dog that has bit them. >; ■ Now, whatever Ministers tlnaus-lves may think of such a rcmedy,v&?&B;%? no class in tlie ujraraunity to which it eitlier can ordoesjcomnipiij So over-taxed have all been' liy Mr. BebbJ and his colleagues, during the last three years, that iiomj ran stand; {it' any longer, nor will they' put up with' any more of it. One. of the anecdotes, with which Mr. Service enlivened his Alaldon, speech^oujtlus^braiwjj^f .tjw subject,' was Very much' to 'the point, and would have' been worth quoting, were it only bhbrte'r. Wlint his' model elector on the top of an omnibus said about -voting .for- Mr. Munmo, hs member for Cailton, in prefeiance to a genletnan of his own religions per suasions, should such an one be .brought forward, is being raid by 'large * numbers of others with the necessary variations. "The quest ion is no longer a question of {religion, but a question of bread ami cheese," Bay hundreds and thousands of the working classes, nud uo oiiq li;is any right to ex pect thnn t?< Tote against their conrie-, tioiw. agnnit, what they believoto bt best fm-^ratelvcs and their families.' If Mr. B^.tnrlnd his "colleagues CHu'do ■otiiiag but impoverish the country, as tiey hitherto havo done, it is the duty of every man, to whatever creed 'or ?lasa he /belongs, to seek to bring laboot % 'change' by voting* both' ngainst tbeoi and tlieir_BP{iportets. ._ *. - 4 all who, both see: and feel |thiiVto be /their dutyiwill so* votej .admits of very-grave-#fcbts, bnt"our firm conviction is, that such numbers 'will/ as, iu, .Mr... ( SERViCE's words, to no make "the return of the Berry Slinistry to parliament with a majority an impossibility." Mr. Berry has been -^loudly complaining m the course ?f f^J*/j9i!M>P'iig" lexpeditions of the obstruction of the Opposition, and has been asking with an air of affected triumph, - why did they not meet'n's with a vote of no confidence, and come"; to a trial ofrstrength* in the* House 1 Obviously, the best of all reasons; first, because they corild not- 'submit such a motion with any chance of its being carried by a House, composed,of members, a majority of wuora.liad been bribedaudcorrupted; secondly, because tlipy'!ind"a!'iively ljrecollectidn of Mr. Berry having moved such a vote on a foctner occasion, and walked out with only eleven . followers ; and, thirdly, because they saw that: Mr. * Bebky's majority on thia occasion was crumbling to pieces, and that they had. only to ■wait for,jt to break ( . up of _itself,;as ( it. eventoally did'r Cut' Mr. Bkkry and his colleagues will not have to make any such complaintl when- the 'new parliament meets, should they not be fore that" time give Tip the game as hope less, aud relinquish the seals of office, without being forcibly compelled to do so. They will be met with a vote of no confidence when the new House meets, and with, such an one as will be unmistakable. > Let Mr. Berry and his colleagues bluster as they will, their day of reckon ing is at hand, and they are shaking in 'their shoes at a thought of its ap proach. They arc as much condemned in their own consciences, as they are in the. judfjrneut of the public: are as -much terror-stricken at the prospect of what is about to befal them, us their worst enemies would wish them to be. They : have .sown to the wind, and are about to reap the whirlwind ;■ they neither pitied nor spared any who stood in their way on that never-to be-for gotten " Black Wednesday," and they will ncither.rneet with compnssion nor consideration when they need it. . They w?re not the only self-seekera in the late parliament; the-only persons allowed to dip their hands into the public purse in a qniet, easy, and accessible manner; the only members, who made it their chief busiuess^ as legislators, to leather their At their doings, j and the doings of their supporters, the public are as much incensed, as they are familiar with them, and they >'are Knowing this tilong the whole line. To-morrow week will tell a tale many of them little expect. On bis return from Campcrdown to Melbourne last week, Sir. Longuioro is reported by Mr. Berry's own organ to have said " that he anticipates a sharp, but by no means losing contest, curing to certain; changes which have taken place of late in the population of his district." Now, tlii3 was said-before Mr. Longmore addressed the electors at Ueaufurt on Monday last, .is reported in another column, where his reception must Lave been 'far from what he ex pected, and it may be read in two ways —i-ituer as* referring*: to cliaiiges in this division of the electorate, or to an in crease of electors' rights on the new diggings in the Raglan division. With reKSHI.t& > tUis division of the t-lcctoratiy there has been no change in tlie popu lation' since" Iho last -election, which could at all affect Mr. Longinore'.s re ttim again, whajever there may Lave been-iii tlio views of tlie electors ; and from the best information we can gather, there -has' been no Ruch iucn'Hse oi electors' lights to the northward as should at all afl'ect tlie issue. We are, therefore, much inclined to believe that the sharpness 'of- the contest at the. forthcoming; election wjir uot be at all ■modprated.ty the cause Mr. Longmore assigns, and thut What ho further laid' on his leturn to Melbourne about having " very strong assurances of victory," is eminently delusive,, if, lint,'.indeed, as we'iuspect it-to be, the working of his own/imagination: .Whoerer-gave him such '.Vii?Suranci'c," .if any "did, ■must,' at any. rate, have vory strong faith in tlie .doctrine of chances. .■'.; . ■ , -• ■ ■ ; Were .we called -upon for-pur opinion on *'??. .m" t. l;t#r'i' jWfi?ng froiii'what'liasT luken jiice Jiere, and at. tLe oilier end of -tWelectorate, we should say that Lon?ui-re'? hope of victory- liiiistji^ of the slenderest, and that.. liis dread of. tarrjitig pii a •' losing contest" must bV very grisit.' Thcrt' wa< nothing to in-- Bpiic- :i ;Jioj>e ?f. victory in Mr. Long-:' tubre's luinil, nor to avri t the dread of ::iuv what occurred when on" a; ,this ,part of the country, and; therc^isnothiiig in tlie account we have of his ■r^fe|>tion at Beaufort on Mon ilay last ot.a inore encoiii-aging charac- U-r. V??^;; Jrouderf til tilings, no doubt, occnr at elections—so wonderful that a'l are taken.by<surprise at"tbe'm—but the most, wonderful thing of till would be to find Mr. tougnibre at tlie head of the prill f"r Kipou nnd ' Hanipdeiion Saturday, the 28th iust., that is to ?ay, to-inonow woi-k, and were sncli an evt-ut then to cceiir, nobody would, we bi-liete, bo more surprised at it than Mr Longmore liimself. lint uo such event, we honestly believe, cau or will occur : the rlei-ton o£. Ripon and Hirap.len cannot be so blind to Mr. I.ouumore'n personal demerits as tn give him another trial as their representative, howi-ver much a few may still stick to him; they can never oveil.iok ihe fact thut he be longs to a Ministry, which Las brought the colony to the brink of rain, and wli instead .of doing less mischief, threatens, if. continued in office, to do raprc. Tlicir eycu arc opened to TO c$- > tent tbey never w?ro before.;;: IThey M whit is reqnired of them as dtijenii. ■■'■ . ■ : Tlie- time for Mr. /Longmnre to get' " a walk-over" for Ripon and Harap den, or, what is nest to it, an easy tic tory, has gone by. and he will have to fight, every inch of ground on the. present, occasion, c ,Mr. Sha?? is< the; mo3t formidable: "opponent Mr. Longmore has " ever " yet had, 'and the latter is . no., lcmger. crying.-oot, as ; lie , did , six months, ago, r\' tliey, h'avb < licen trying/'to / l v me j out of Ripon .and Hamiiden fpr.the last fifteen years, but I defy them to do it." There is an old proverb about a pitcher, font soft" to -tho well, a -hundred time?, corning home broken at last, and Mr. Longmore is evidently afraid of that being liia caie this time, and he has, therefore, moderated .Lis tone as far as lie can. Bat; there^ are: too] many, black- marks' ''against' J rhis'-* iiauie to be effaced by abstinence from the langnnge of defiance, and the substitution of coaxing and wheedling ,fur it, is too clearly seen through now to impose upon anybody. When Uie'clectors want as a*bodjria a change, and Mr.. Longmore'has not shown that thcre/elionld be tirmo, either in the <16 -rernment, or in. tlirir represeutative, as in, liig case. Tlie minds of the, electors, however, are bo fully made up upon this, and Mr. Shaw has so' con clusively proved (he necessity for it that his "chances c;f success arc first rate. ■ In this, indeed; lies his great strength, which will, we feel assured, l-.id .to ultimate triumph. At the s;ime time, let till his. friends come to the poll, as if the issue depended on their.individual votes. Tt is quite tiuie Mr.. Berry gava up his " stamping " meetingii, and iiis interfe rence with other people's elections. He .'didinotsliirieTmuchinibre in this way at Dunolly on Wednesday uventng, than he did lust week at Ararat We should not have thought nhat took place at Dunolly worthy of nnticv, liu.l it not lieen such a striking indication of Mr. Berry's over-ostinmto of himself mid his ■influence. Formerly, Mr. Berry hail ■•lily to" march through the country, placing one candidate) liero, and another there, with a certainty that his wishes would in every way he coniflietl with, and ne foolishly ima;>iues h? can do so now. Laboring under this impression, he took Mr. E. Byrne to Ditnelly on Wednesday last, with the view of liring inir him forward in connertion with Mr. J: M. Grant, Minister of Justice, :is a ministerial candidate, in lipposition' to Mr. B. G. Davies, who d?sertei! Mini sters on the third reading of their r'I- fnnn bill, but the Dunolly people would have none of his protege. They would' no more allow of Mr. B. (i. '■ Davies bring displaced to make rnoru for Mr. R. Byrne, as a candidate for Avcca at the dictation of Mr. Berry, because tho first-nanu'd gt-ti tlemau had fallen into disfavor with Ministers, than the Ararat people would allow Mr. berry to interfere between tli-m aud Mr. David (Jaunsnn, tlicir former representative. Then-fore, when the banquet to inaugurate the formation of a branch of the National Reform leigue at Dunolly was over,, aud Mr. -liyrne presented hiuiS' If as Mr. Berry's nominee, that was' made the signal for tnch a scene of disorder as had never before been witnessed : there, and the inpeting broke up, after soiuo attempts to force ou u vote, in the greatest ciin fnsion. Several fights took place in tho body of the hall in which the meeting was held, and, although the police were in attendance, and endeavored to restore order, they wore unable to do so. This should teach Mr. Berry, if anything ever will, what a fleeting thing popularity is, and how completely his own has flown. It should also teach him how ready the people are. to resent the interference of Ministers with tlifin in their'choice of representatives, and to abstain from this in future. There is ako another thing it should teach him, and that is, what a .<hange has come over.tue.niiuds of the people with regard to him and his pro posals for constitutional reform. Every where that change is apparent, .and not less so in what Ministers have'regarded as their strongholds, than in other places. What occurred at Dnnolly was a fitting finale to Mr. Berry's " stumping " bosi ncss, and it is to be hoped that wo shall liavu no more of it. If we do, there" is every prospect of its being dealt with iu the sameway." ' ■' • ■'■•"--■- To-morrow is nomination day, but nomina tion papers, with the required deposit, must be lodged with the returning officers to-day.or they will be too late. When thisis done we expect to see a great decrease in the number of aspirants for parliamentary honors at the present" elections." I-i J 1 ' 5 .i t .J t Mr. Shaw had a capital meeting ,at Miners' Rert.one of Mr. liousmore'a reported' strongholds, .on-Wednesday evening, and obtained a unanimous vote of confidence. A full r^p-irt appearsjin another coluras. He is now in the Learmonth. <listrict,3nd willpro bahly be there for the remainder of the week. At Beaufort, he assures un, he will poll heavily. Ho is, in fact, miking steady progress iu all parts of the northern p iitinn of the electorate. Buangor is bomg actixely canvassed ■ by' Mr. 'bliaw'a fr.enils, anil there, juilging from.recent accounts', he will hiveafairmijority. AtSkipton, S-renlliam, .-inil_Lismore, nil is proceefling satiafautaiily. Jlr. Shaw is expected in Ca'nperdown early next week, isbeu he will bo welcomed,by his numerous supporter*.-; -All looks well liere, and we shall be very inuch snrpi-isud, indeed, it Cnnip?nlowu doca "not take the Ip.i-1 in plauiug Mr. Shaw at the top of the pull. It is altogether out of our pouer to rcpro Ince the electi"u news from the differ, cut parts of the colo-iy. Without ?uch sn al;iiilgeoicnt of tbkt which relatea t ithii and the ueighboriu,; dutnetj ai would bj inconvenient. There is, however, a yencril consensus of opinimi, since the two yeat partiei haic ttkeu tl.e field, tint thu ynme is all but up \wtli;Miiiis'te?, aail'that they cm no longer help one ano'her, Inuvvcr much they may have intended at' olie' time tn do sn. With e\cry desire to keep np t<ie Bj'iriU of hK jarty. Mr. Bui ry Mat obliged to confess at (icelonjj on Wetlneaday cte'iuiL', " that he did not expect quite s • Linje a a majority " s< he expected, and some < f hi/ colleague* a o siuijiu^ to tLe suite tuu:. Mr. Longmore ammig the rest., l^ookiog.along the line from Gtvlou i to lic'fust, all sctmi to be both s ttiafactnry and enu iiragmg fni th? Opposition, quit^ ai much as could have b^eu ejtiiccfasd, and f r more XD-thun uuuy' ilid expect Ministers ?i 1 lose me or more scats iu Ueeloiig; Jlr.Jliica will n-t bj. returned again for Barwoii; for S;.uth Grant, Messrs. Lalor. and llees will have to fight hird, with every prospect of.defeat; at ' Colic, Mr." O'llca does not appsur to have " the ghost of ? chance; Ripoo ?nd Hainpden will ii?v? aothing more to withilir. Ling mon;;at W?rnuunbool, Mr" Tnneii is,inre •iaioof fait teat; and Sir John! O'Sh*i>assy is ?afef.>r Belfast. So in other parts of the colony, all is promising, ?ud the Opposition are looking forward to polling day with an assurance of great andVundoabted nccetf.-) -j : ; Messrs. Joseph! Jones and W. Anderson are the o.ily two candidates as yet fairly in the field for. the representation, of Villiers and Heytesbury. It is stated that Mr. T. ( W., Fanner, of Caramut who announced himself in the liberal. interest.has withdrawn, and thn're is also some doubt about Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer being itle to obtain his certificate of d.tchargo from the Insolvency Coart in time to contest the constitnency. Notwithstanding, Mr. Dwyer passed through Camperdown en Wednesday on his way to the district. Mr. Anderi con, duting the last two or three days has addressed • meetings at Terang, P"tnboroeit, Seotta' Creek, and Cohden, and at each place lias been exceedingly well received. Mr. Jones will appear at Port Campbell on Monday, Cowley's Creelc and Oubdea on Tuesday, andTerangonWednba day. . . ; . We again direct the attention of our readers to the announcement bytheLeura Amateur Dramatic Club of a performance in aid of the Irinh Famine Belief Fund. Xo effort is being spared to make it an enjoy able success, aud it is to be hoped that the financial resalt will be one for congratulation. The programme the ever-popular farce, "A Thumping Legacy," sume snitable music, and au .amusing little piece entitled "D j You Know Me Now J" Tht> latter was to havo been represented by some metropoli tan amateur*, bat, owing to their, arrange, meuts for visiting Camperdown not fitting in wi:h the date of the performance, the local clnb has determined, in order to adhere to the programme, to produce the piece,origin ally put down (or the vL-itora.- By advertisement in another column, it will lie seen that tlidWegtcrn Meat Present ing Co. will next mouth resume operations at their factory. Colac. Parties desirous..of of carting rabbits to tba factory, are requested to apply at tilts office^ -■■--, „.' .A ball U announced to be held at the CobricV School House; on Friday evening, the.27th io.it. Double tickets, 5a., niay.be obtained from from the members ef the committee. The proceeds are to be expended in sinking-i well on-the school ground for the use of the fcho'ar*, the ordinary tank su pply having failed owing to the continuous drought- Attention is directed to Sir. William Scott's sale at the Victirii Hotel, Cohc, to niorimr, of 157 acres of first c'ass agricul. tiiral land, situated neai Cressy. The" property, which will be offered in one lot, cuitain* an excellent house and outbuildings nece??ary for working the same. The wh-.le is well fenced, and tbe soil is of the richest character, suited either for fanning or grazing aud dairying purpoaes. The sale will take place at three o'clock. A match between the Camperdown Cricket Club and a combined team selected' from the Terautj and Cobdea elevens,. will be played on the local ground to'innrrow. Cimperdown will be represented by Messrs. J. C. Allen, W. Bramley, E. H. Colburn T. W. Gaggin. J. Hannah, C. Henry. E. H.' Hyde. S. M'Arthnr, A. F. Scott. P. W. Tait, P. Tysoa. Emergency, W. Martin. The combined team will probably be picked from. M.-sira, A. Dunn, J: Hoggart, W. Quion, H.F. Quinn, J. Robe'tson, T. Wil ann, K. H. Adims, Armfield, Andfrson, J* Bishop, J. Braithwaiie, Jas. Curdie, John Cardie, and C. Clarke. Play will be com mencsd at 12 o'clock,at which honr players are requested to be punctnally.in attendance. It is expected, we understand, that the Rev. Dr. Macdonald of Kraerald Hill, Mel bourne, will conduct tbe pen-ice iu the Terang Presbyterian Church, on Sabbath fir*t, the 22nd inat. The following circular has been issued by the Municipal Association to the various municipalities :—'• I havo the honor, by direction, to inform you that the execntive committee of this association hare come to the conclusion that, although they do not. wish .to interfere in the present election, it would be well to ascertain the opiniona of oil candidates for parliament as to the contin uance of the.Gpvernmcnt subsidy, ?o that it may be known how to meet them hereafter; and, with this view, wonld ask that all mayors and'.presidents of shire* councils' should'take steps-to' have the "following question pnt, not as from the association, but i' locally' by the innnicip.il bodies : 'Are you in favor of continuing the Govern ment endowment to municipalities to the same extent and on the same terms as at present V The committee think that the question should be put in tbe above form, as some caudidatea might answer in the affirmative, rcaerviug to themselves the right to vote for some heavier responsibilities being put on municipal bodies in connection with' this endowment. These terras do not touch on the question of distribution, which mav safely be left to Parliament,, when the asso ciation can take such stepa to carry out its viewrnrtms-matter as may seem most fit?'" "* At a meeting of the Council of thu Reform League held on Monday evening, when vari ous matters relalintr to the elections were dealt with, it wai arranged to hold a monster open air. meeting: on Wednesday evening next, at the sits of the old lands department, Latrobc street west. It is expected that the Chief Secretary, Attorney-General, andotlfer leading members of the Liberal party will adclresi the assemblage., The whole nf the Liberal candidates for the metropolitan constituencies will be invited to be present, and the demonstration, promises to bu onis of the greatest of the kiud ever held in Melbourne. • .'* It appears, says the " Ballarat Star," that the1 West Melbourne election is co bo worked afttr a different fashion from formerly. On other occasions, passeas wercgiveu to country voter* to bring them'to Melbourne, but thi time that will not do, as the eiuutry vote' would be lost. We arc informed that eighty new appointments have recently liven made in the locomotive department, and that so many \otei have tbns been secured for the Attorney-General, an.l taken from the other si.le- Thia ia the way in which--Mr. Woods "works" th?j election basilicai. It U it'll, saya the Melbmrue eorreipon dent of the " Geclong Advertiser," the al most iinauiinous opinion of tl.c p. lice, jtj its officers, and the iciidonts of the adjacent distijc ?, that the Krlly gang are yet in pro.\iim?y 11 their old luuuti. Alth-ugh tho artillery has been removed, and the p.lice garrsrtu of the mouutain t.wn-hipj hue been ideally ieduce I, a curps of übier vjiim is biill maintained.1 which apiHun ti a-lopt a Fabian ciim-Mic iwlier. u Ley Suf li.-ient./li.moicr; Wsi betn UMebvcred to .UMire fie ■ fh-.-eis that tli-ir prey is ? most uitliin tluir icach Frequent trac s. f the ,guig bavo Iw-n met with, and information of t-ie.runereab.iitafalway? t-m Ute lobe of suvice, is tftiii rux-ited. It U kmmn that riiuuaea lire lvgularly onv-yed to them, .uly.,om? three or four ptrsns ln-ini; Bu fl tldcntiy mthe confidence of t!ie yaup to be aware of t!ie exact spot at which the/e.u be f noil. Kcduced provuiouswid shnrtne?s iif cash will, itw.ntieipated, citnu^l the g, D i: ? shot:yto break cover, prob?bl/ befme the < winter, but it in not re-assuring to know that ' to eue seems to havo the faintest iil,-j o f iu I • what direction they will be first luard of j ■ 