? i ,;: .;! ???. ?.'.-.?? ' '. .?????. ^ipSEMENTS. v Mr. Bland Holt's really sensational drama of New Babylon was played for the first time in Melbourne on Saturday night under circum stances that augur for it a long and prosperous; run. Whatever may be urged against it. as. a literary effort, and however objectionable the parade- it makes of gilded vice upon the stage of this there cannot be a doubt, that for bustle and animation, the rapid succession of exciting incidents, the variety of charactor delineated, and the scopo afforded for spectacular effect, nothing to equal the New. Babylon has been' witnessed on the boards of the Boyal for inany years. ? It drew a tremendous house, its fame -having preceded it, :and ovidently public ex pectation was on tiptoe.' The drama was placed upon the stage admirably.' The misccn scene' was a. feature throughout. The spectacle of the ; sinking ship in mid ocean was very cleverly managed.: Cremorno by .night also, though necessarily cramped by the conditions of space, could not fail to, remind one of that Bolect resort when tho, gardens were, in, full swing. The .accessories were carefully studied, and all iucongruities, avoided. The plot is somewhat, intricate ; the following is an outline of. it : —There is a -Drolo/iuo and four acts. The curtain' rises upon n'se'etio in the cabin of an Atlantic ' steamer oh her way to England. The principal characters are here introduced, and in .the conversation which cnsue3 suffi cient ' cani bo gathered to enable the; audience to obtain a glimpso of the' author's intention. V Hiram 'Maltby (Mr. Deeriug) is a: Wealthy shipbuilder,. whose, domeitiojlife has been clouded by. his wife's inSdolity, : and her; abduction of his; infant daughter many yoais before. Mr. Maltby is returning, tc. Europo accompanied by a Jndy, Eimico (Miss .Myra Kemblo), the ', '.wife , of ai Mexican,: ruffian from .whom bIio . .had '.boon';' .obliged to fly, owng / to his briital Jjreatment.' She had saved Maltby's life'duriiig a , garnblihg row, and the old man, grateful for he'r'ser-' vices, has decided' 'to' provide for her hand-' Bdmely. There are also oh board the ?steamer Jack Eandal- (Mr. Jcrdoh); who 'ia a jirotiji of Mr;: Maltby-jMr. O'Sligo, i(Mr. Charles Holloway), Eamirez (Mr.;;Hi i -H. . Vincent), Pleek ?li'lotsam (Mr. -BlandriHoH) :and: some others: moreipr less nooessary. to the action; of the piece. .... Bainirez , makes , himself particu larly ^bnpxiouH to his fellow passenger, who are not ware of his true character. ? He and O'Sligo had beeh parties to. tho robbery of cor taihPacific'bdnds from Maltbyl and hail come onboard with an eyo to further 'plunder.' 3?lotaam, ah : American detective, was' upon the trail of tho desperado, but was notaware of his identity. Kamirezhaving insulted those -in tho cabin goes on deck, when he is followed thither by tho others), with the exception' of Eunice,' who remains behind cogitating upon the events of tho evening. Her . reverio is suddenly broken in upon by tho intru sion of Kamirez, who at once proclaims himself and claims her as his wife. She dofies him aud a struggle1 ensues, during which the vessel collides with a passing steamer. A sceno of confusion follows. By tho assistance of Jack Randal Eunice escapes, and with Maltby and most of the passengers arrives in England. The wife of Maltby, after eloping, placed her child in the Pouiidliug Hospital, and at the period of the opening of the play lias become u celebrated London beauty of the demi-monde class. While in the States Maltby's wife had a second daughter, who turns out to be Eunice, who so resembks Bell Lorrimor that they aro taken the one for the other. Eunice is located at a retired cottage near Chiswiclc, still under the guardianship of the generous shipbuilder. The confusion arising from the mistaken identity of the two girls Bell .Lorrimer aud Eunice affords the groundwork for the leading incidents of the play. In addition to the characters mentioned there aro also intro duced Madge (Miss Jessio drey) a daughter of old Maltby, by a second marriage, and Aunt Crazy (Miss Merton), tho first wife of the shipowner, but who has now degenerated to a vile gin-sodden wretch, who discovers her daughter Eunice, and ghosts her for money in ordor to obtain drink. Thero aro also Vincent Vane (Mr. Appleton), a man of fashion, Ezra Lazareck (Mr. J. Hull), an accomplished swindler and confederate of Kamirez ami O'Sligo, together with many others, the mere enumeriitioji of whom would fill considerable space. Vincent Vane is loved by both Madgo and Bell Lorrimer, and because he gives the former the preference the latter is resolved to ruin him by inducing his jockey to sell tho race upon which he relies to restore his fallen fortunes. Tho race is sold, and a Viry effective scene is presented where the iu furiated Bportsman publicly flogs the jockey for his treachery on the course. This is fol lowed by the temporary triumph of Bell Lor rimer at Vane's ruin, aud the noble interven tion of Madge, who declares her willingness to enable him to meet nil his engagements. Tho business next becomes extremely puzzling aud, unless by means of previous knowledge, it is difficult to follow tho plot. However, it seems that Jack Randal, tho detectives who are after Ramiro;:, and Ramirez himself me all led into error by supposing that the retired Eunice and tho flaunting Queen of Cremorne aro one and the same. Thus misled, Ramirez seeks to carry her off, aud Randal, having been offered her hand by old Maltby, indiguantly rejects it, charging his benefactor with trying to palm oil upon him his own mistress. Other complications arise, and much of the exciting interest of the story turns upon i'lotcam'a pursuit of the Mexican desperado and :hig' iriends.Ramirezia represented towards the 'close ' as the keeper of a flash koh in the Seven Dials, ; where the jockey who sold the race, iand who is a lover ' of . Bell Lorrimer,' .is found ; dying. The detectives penetrate to the den, and ' in the guise of a ballad ' vendor Flotsam gleans .'sufficient to gather that' Eamirez, although disguised, is the man ho wants, not only for the robbery of tho bonds but for the murder of old Maltby, in which Lozareok and the O'Sligo were also implica ted. The scene of tho dying jockey with Bell. Lorrimor soothing hia last moments !b affect ing/and is succeeded by ono of a very 'different nature. Ramirez reentors, and finding Lorri- ? mer thero believes her to be Eunice and seizes her. Sho struggles and in the melec Flotsam, enters and secures Ramirez , togethor with Iris confederates, .who are marched off. hand cuffed.' Various explanations follow, which fa cilitate1 tho union of Vane' and Madge, of Eunice and Randal, the usual moral of. virtue being rewarded and vice punished thusreccsv iiig another marked exemplification'. The piece' is clearly designed to' cater to tho sensation^ : loving public, and beyond tlio fact'thatit deals' almost exclusively with meu and women of the ' criminal classes no objection can be urged; against it. It partakes of tho Btylq of Formosa and the Flying Scud, »nd many, of the in cidents' are similar. Inevery aefc there is produc ed a specific and very, effective dramatic situa tion indicating that the inahtlp of Boucicault' jhos fallen upon Mr. Merritfc before the former has taken liis leave of the scenes of Iiis former triumphs. Tho parts Wore filled very cleverly. Miss Myra Kemble as Eunice aiid' Bell Lor rimer adds a fair amount of histrionic talent to her comely looks and pleasing figuro, and es pecially in the scene at Croniornt) did full justice to the requirements of the. characters represented; ? As a piece . of oharacter acting ; the Aunt Crazy of jliss' Julia Merton could not be surpassed; There was about it a start ling roalism, a picture from the life that spoko/ much- for tho;: talents of tho young' lady.. Though a snbordihatd part it stood out in bold ? relief besido all tho others,'. as also did the Lazareck of Mr. John Hall, whose acquisition :by the comnanv is fortunate. In manvnninfcf Lazareck even eclipses Har wood's Mo Davis. If it w.is not so humorous it was certainly more natural, and less of tfie caricature. The Ramirez of Mr.' Vincent deserves the highest, praised 'It was' well sustained throughout, and without descending 'to grossness or vulgarity it convoyed an 'excellent idea of the Mexican desperado intended [to be 'depicted. Mr. Charles Hollo wnyi' as; O'Sligo, was extremely effective.' Mr. St. Lawrence infused immense fun into the part of John Lamb; who is sup posed to bo a burning shining light of tho Young Men's Christian Crumpet ; Association, but who, instead of attending the .refreshing assemblages of the virtuous and happy, affects' Tattersall's, and gets drunk on ohatnpagne at Gremorne. Mr. Jj'Toliino, as the: Chinaman, assisted very ably, in rendering the piece tho .success that it proved. Mr, Bland, Holt was' particularly effective as .the Yankee Detective. It is a part: that well suits him, and iriit he is bound to become a favorite. ' Altogether the' New.;Babylon may bo regarded a3 apalpablo' hit,, and render the Royal once moro . radiant,, crowded from floor to ceiling, bringing back its prestige, and enabling the management | to claim' for it still 'its pride of place amongst tho' many places of public entertainment in MuW bourne..:,, I l-- '..,'.-. ,':..' 'I:-:'.';'.:.'.;:-!: :..::--::::., r.Hemy Kctfcen,- tho piaiioforto. player, has; been giving tho;musical, profeasion; and .those' who affect' classic , iiistfumeritatibfi a seriesof treat3 during the week at the Opera Housbi' ' He commenced oh Saturday nightto a mode-' rately. filled house, 'his l.first atternpt 'being, a; sonata in C ;major (pp;; 53) Nb.: 21,, and,' at., once riveted the .attpntioni.of the.eutiro audience. This sonata,'.' dedicated by Beet-J hoyen to Count Wdldsteiri,' tho firat moyement of which 'commences ' iii: ' eortiTioii; tempo',' allegro con ' briii; is retnarkdble' for rapid: chromatic passages arid, chorda. ? ; Tho, next piece '.'was ;,tho . ; adagio molto' iiitrpdnzione hi '.' 1? '. major. The charm1 of ;,. this ' move-' fnent is the constant' occurrence of the tema, which is first taken up by the luft hand,' the right crossed' playing an arpeggio accom paniment. Towards the clo3o' of this movement' many eminent artists use the glissando to give due effect to tho prestissimo occuiTonce of octave runs. Mr. Kutten did not take advantage of that ' method, but depended entirely upon his rapid execution. This mas terpiece ends with a succession of slow chorda in C, and when finished at once entitled Mr. Keltcn to rank as the greatest musical artist' that has ever visited tho colony. After the performance of the sonata, the piano was changed, and lie used the Erard grand to the end of the programme. His next numbers introduced him. not only as an executant but as a composer, as ho per formed, 1. (a.) Gavotte (b) 'Margucrita au Rouct' and (c) Hondo de.-i Djiuus, each repre senting a delightful school, aud at the conclusion of the * hitter number the audience insisted upon a reappearance, when he played as an encore piece Castaynetta, also his own composition, in a charming man ner. The first number in the second part was a funeral march composed by Mr. Ketten, on the death of Vittorie Em manuele, and played con gravemente ; his next number, a minuetto by Boc chcrini, being in direct contrast to tho above, and played diluendo. The effect can hardly bo described ; the silenco during its performance was intense. Then followed a pasquinade by Gottschalk, which as played by Mr. Ketten is a. beautiful gem, and will bear constant repetition ; it was encored, and Mr. Ketten gave another of his own compositions, New Caprice. His arrangement of Homo, Sweet Homo followed next, tho aria for first tho left hand, and then repeated with a suc cession of trills for tho right hand, the effect of which wa3 wonderful, both as a composition and for power of execution. Schubert's Erllcing, Wer Reitel so Spiit, arranged for the piano by Liszt, was another marvellous composition. The several per formances during the week wero all equally satisfactory, and to those who could appre ciate Ketten's talents his visit to Melbourne will no doubt bo regarded as quite an epoch in their Iive3. ? Tho Juvenilo Pinaforo continues to sail before tho wind at the Bijou, but, happily for the lovers of variety, there seems a possibility of an early termination to its voyage, as next week is said to be the last. At the People's TJicatro on Saturday night Mrs. V. M. Bates took a farewell benefit prior to her departure for America. Tb.9 piecc3 svibmittod were a dramatised. voi- oion of TonnjBon's poemj Dora, and tlio well known drama' entitled Jonathan' Bradford, or the Murder at the Roadside Inn. Dora met with the hearty appreciation of the audience ; the ienejieiaire in. the role of Dora, and JSf. Hamilton, as the eccentric old Farmer Allen, receiving a well-deserved call be fore, tho curtain. Mrs. Bates took ad vantage of the occasion to say a few words of thankB to' her friends in Australia, She said that/after a sojourn of eight years in the colonies, she was going baok to her native land. During her stay here she had received jniny kindnesses, and she roturned her heart felt thanks to ' the public, the managers of theatres for whom she had played and the press, paying a high compliment to the latter for soundness of criticism. Shd feelingly alluded to her hereavemont, but said that the grief which that groat calamity had occasioned her had been tempered by the kind ness she had experienced. . The Hudson Surprise Party have been doing tolerably fair buBincss during tho week at St. George's Hall. Their Btyle of entertainment is varied and pleasing, and affords excellent scope' for the display of musical and terpsi chorean abilities on the part of the company. Tho brightest and cleverest of these is Miss Amy Hortonjwho is quite a host in herself. Her talents are to receive some recognition, on Tuesday next, when a performance will be given for her benefit. She in every way deserves the compliment, and we have no doubt that 'she will have n bumper house on the occasion. ? ? At the Melbourne Liedertafel's concert for ladies and; :gentlemen on Monday, at the Athenteum, the hall was well filled, and tho concert a compile success. Tho numbers con tributed by the society on the present occasion comprised the part songs. Agatha, :When the Swallows Homeward My, by Abt ; Forward, .On (in march. time), by Becker; Let Sorrow Sleep, by Siedo; Forester Sound the Cheerful Horn.by. Bishop (a composer of whose works Melbourne audiences would, prefer to hear more) ; and the Wine trio, from tho Rose of Cas tile, by Balfe. .The Liedcrtafel also rendered the finale from the second act of William Tell, Messrs. Moroney, Madden and Whitohead re presenting respectively William Tell, Arnold and : Walter. .. There was . a capital or chestra, and its work comprised the render ing of; the; overture by Mendelssohn, entitled Fingal's Caro, a weird composition, and Liszt's Concert stilck ; also tho Rhapsodic Hongroise, which was made known to tho Melbourne pub lioatthe Juvenile .Concerts. Miss Christian was; the only lady artist, her contribution being a song, Canst thou Believe,, by Giordnni, her rendering of which was so pleas ingas'.to lead:to her recall, when she gave the homelyBong,:Darby and Joan, by Molloy. Her other contribution was a now song by Sul livan, My .Dearest Heart, for which she was ajso honored with a recall. Signor Ciampi Cellaj was very successful in tho recitative and .: aria, Laacia oh'io Pinnga, from the opera ','Rinaldo, . by Handel. For this .the;: singer was' heartily encored, and he gave.with equal success a Spanish song by Yradier,' entitled Ay chiquita. His second number was a romanza by Campana, Sogno beato,- which was sung in , graud style, and led, . to ! his recall. . Signor Ortori played, a fantasie brillante by Wieniawski, on airs from Faust, tho principal one being tho valso for , tho. chorus, which, with its varia tions, was very taking. Mons Ernest do Munck 'played tho violoncello fantasia by Piatti on airs from Sonnainbula. It was ac companied by Mr. Otto Linden. This was a rare musical treat, and, tho audience refusing to bo satisfied by his bowing his acknowledg ment of their unstinted applause, he then played Home, sweet Home, with variations, introducing an harmonic shako, and repeating the melody with muted strings. Mr. R. Dorsay Ogden and Miss Beatrice, supported by a theatrical company, appear at Warrnambool next Monday for one week, opening in East Lynne. 