THE CILDED CAGE-' 'i ?' BEING THBHEW TITUEOP ? ;'?. SPLENDID MISERY.'. : (SODSTHOTBD AT THE REQUEST OB TttE AoTBOB), -? HISS BKADDON. ?' ? ' Guaptbr XXXVIII.— On a Daiik Road. Mark opened a door in the panelling near tho fireplace, where there was a roomy closet in which the Squire kept tho accumulated rubbish of years— horse-b.iila and old newspapers, dis-* carded bits and bridles, damaged whips, rusty snurs. Hero on a shelf Mark net the silver tankard, and then shut and locked the door upon it, and put the key in hi? pocket. 'What have you tloiio that for?' asked his wife, confronting him, hideous as a bafllcd fury, her pallid, lips working convulsively ev.wy feature distorted with passion. ' ' :-'?.- : That ho should riso up.againBt hor, this easy, tempered husband, whom sho had managed and bullied and worked her own will with for all the years of their married life, was a crushing blow. To meet resistance from so weak a thing was maddening. ?' ' Because my brother. Tias been poisoned, and there may bo somo trace of the poison in that tankard. I had a. drink out of it once, and I know how I felt after that drink.' ... ; 'Are you out of your senses as well as tho rest of them?' exclaimed Molly' contemptuously*. 'Your brother is dying of heart discaso'; 'Mr. Didcott knows that. And because' he gote dolit ? rious arid talks about poison, and his wifo's lov«r' cornes herb and echoes tho cry, you must tako it into your j head to be mighty clever and take u'B tho samo story. I'vo no pationce with such idiotcy.': . . .. , ? . 'Come,' said Marie, with a look and manner she had never seenin him bofore-- tlio look of a maniyho can.be master whon the itiino comes— \ 'don't Jet us .baridy words., I have found yoxt ont; woman, and I hayo' (land with' you. ' I never ' knew what it was to be aick or sorry till the evil day you got hold of me. ; I've never been ivhappy ' man since I'vo known yon.' ? But it's all over and dono with now. .You and I' afo parted; and' i£ i you ever' try to set up' any claim iiponinel'll do my best to put a rope round.-your.neck.!'; ; :':You aro afool !' criod Molly,, looking at him with eyes that-once had power to make him shiver, but whoso angry fire he could defy now. he knew the devil's nature that sparkled in,them.' ' ,' No, .1 have ibeeri an arrant fool,! hut my eyes are opened. '? Ihavesat alone in this room for tho last hour, . .thinking 'over your wieke'dncss. ' 0. you devil ! To steal into my broticr'B'houso, and ' try to take his life ; so ihat you might come hero and sit in his wife's place, and sleep— you would have: slopt ? peacefully) I suppose— in-tho bed where ho now lies at- death's door. ? Come; why '? should! I waste' wo'rdsvoii y.ou?.i Is know you. That's enough;;,; Come with mo.i?, :'', , , ? ?- .,., ! -c;.f Where ?':! i;:,,1,.- ,,.. ,; ;, ' -.:,,;jv,,;..) ,;~: ;; ? .'To thpjhaU- do'pr.^ You.. have finished ypinj : businossicrp, and^you've made, a. mcaa of it,^ |Pleasq,God, my'pqorbrp'Vp'.^^.^vp thr,bugh.to« . night,rand be sound arid liale-agaih before he'a a month older. '' ;.! '' ''-'??:-; ^'J';— :1 ?' ' Y-»'-'i|!- -.- ? ^'Youaro^otgoingt'oturh me' out of dobrsv' ;Mark?' ??j:''l^--:'--lu'-'?-i-3-;-'-:'-::^''- r ?? '? '?'? , c'Thatisjust what -I' am; going t(i''do.:: Yott 'ought tothirikyoursolf-luok'y if you got off scofr. .freehand go and . hide yournvicked hoad- in an. ? other'; country; '???;?. r, :r.^-::. . ,v v ?- ii,-.''i.'j ..- cThis meant, in Markls idea, Remotest exile; ?- .A r |i»ati who lof tj , Cornwall was, j_as it jvqro, .,. at ,the iAntipqdes...:,;,. -.0 ;v;y '.- ,? ;-- -.-.-,. »..,; -, ;? ? ,.? ' , ,' You.wouldturn meput qf,dooiBtafter,darIr,'' ;tplosemyseifonth'emobr:'^' ' !'.'.'X.-','.:.- ..''?...??'? ', .'? '.You'll find the road easy, enough.'';! Pcrhapsit might bo' the best thing' for yourself and. others i if you wbre W'get;:los't;';''''if-''you'1sliiy horo' much' longer you' may hayb'the' constable^ taking yoil: offtoLaunceste»gadl.''- ?'. -'V ;''':; ;; '? '' -' ' ??' Who' 'would-' dare^aceusb 'mo ?!'? asked 'Molly' boldly.-,:;-:'/ - '.; til,.- i '.-.-i .: . iiiv.'. ?,-:--) ,f-.-;..v,;, 'Facts I Facts, which, spcat protty plain ;itt! this case.-''; ?. -. ;..:-' . :.. . . :-,-j ;,.:..,;- .,(?- ; .''What, facts? Who can say tiiati, ever tani-; jPered wiOi poison?. 'Who canshow.thai l.vtic, '? bought 'poison?' ', ' ' ' ',''''' '_','' \ ,','.', '. 'No .need to buy the poison that grows' in ail' our hedges. A few young if dxglbyes 'wcro'. all you 'wanted for your 'work. ' Will 'you : go quietly, or Bhall I tell Dickson to put you out, or' seridoneofthe men for n constable ?'?? ::''' 'Do you mean it? Do you' mean that yon' can stand there, and in cold - blood accuse your wife — your honest .wedded wife — of beirig;— ' . -..; The white lips faUered. Audacity was1 this woman's strong point, but there was a limit . to her daring. ? ? . - : .' . ''A secrot poisoner. Yes, that is what I know you to be.' . 'If any one has tried to poison your brother,' it must bo his wife. Sho wants to getrid of him, that she may go back to her old sweetheart.' 'Are you going, or shall I send for tho cqtt« stable?' . : - ' ' ' ? ' ' ? ' ?' ''I am going. If I ilrop down dead on tho way, my death shall lio at your door. ' ' Your life has lain at my door, and has bcett 'a heavy load for mo to bear;' ' , ' You would not shed a tear, I suppose, if yon were to hear of my death V' ? , : 'Not one. I should thank God for having removed a monster from the earth.' 'My children !' she cried, turning upon him suddenly liko a tigress. ' What is to becomo o£ them?' : ' They will be taken cure of ; you need havo no fear for them ; thoy huve done no wrong.' ? Sho made no further remonstrance, bnt watched bis faco closely as thoy went across tho hall in the lamplight. If she had seen any sign of wavering there, in the faco Bbe know so well, she would have stood her ground and defied this husband of hers, and brazened out the situation to tho very end. But sho saw in this familiar countenance an unfamiliar look that paralysed her and made her submissive to her own degra dation, a look that meant indomitable will. For onco in his life Mark's manhood asserted itself, and he was master. ' Do you mean that yon and me are to part for over liko thiB?' she asked, turning round anil facing him on the threshold. ' God grant I muy never bco yonr faco again I'. -. .'.:-.. l.\ : :. . ' Will you let me run upstairs to my room for a shawl or a cloak ?' I stall be frozen to death out on tho moor.' ? ? . ' I won't trust you out of my sight. You will bo creeping into my. brother's room and giving him another dose. His life is not safe while yott arc in tho house.' ? . . ' You are on a false .acent,' she said ; 'but it's no use arguing with * madman, I suppose. I am not going out on tho moor to perish with cold. You can go upstairs with.ino if yott like, and wait outride my door whilo I get my shawl.' He did not wish her to die of cold, any moro than bo wishoil her to dio on the gallows, no only wnnted to get riil of her out of .his own life and bis brother's, to make a swift end of her an a'soiirco of itungar and woe. So ho just grunted uii ungracious assent ; anil they went up tho back staircaao 'together, to' that modest apartment 'slashed diagonally by a picturesque gable, which ''Bad been considered good enough for MissPon wth's maid. ' ? !,'' 1 'Don't bo long,' said Mark, as sho -went into : thoroom. ? Sho;was not long. She had made up her mind '.'.Tvliat she had to do( and did it quickly.. She flow \- to'tho clumsy old chest o£ drawers in a corner o£ tb.o loom, unlocked' a drawer, and. toot out a r-Srgo bottlo of a brownish- colored liquid, labelled rosemary hair-wash. She ran to tho lattice, \- .opened it, and emptied tho contents o£ tho bottle Over the ivy which grew thickly up to tho window: Bill.' Then she look. a small flat brown-papor 'parcel from tho same drawer, and thrust it into heriwsom. : : These wero all the instruments of a vulgar Brinvilliers. No casket with spring lock, 'no retorts, no crucibles, or furnaces, or glass masks, or automatic death-dealing rings .had been needful to her trade. A bunch o£ leaves out of . tho hodges had been all sho needed for secret mnrdwi ; / '. ? ' ' ' '??;]'.'? . ?! ! She snatched a warm iaatot from a PCS, put on her'closo widow's bonnet, : and rejoined Mark , en tho landing.,,. ,. . ? - - .. ''' : He led tho way downstairs without a word, , ? she meekly following, till they ' camp to the hall 'tlcdr.v: Hero, Mark stopped to get a coat and hat from tho adjacent room where, such things ?were k'ept. ' .':.... ;,.;: ... ' ? ' ? , ? .-''-I am going as far as tho gate with you,' he . Bam grimly, 'iwant to sos you wear ui uw premises.' . ' . .?;??. i; ?'' It was a fine wintry night, planets and constel lations shining in tho clear cold' sky, tho moan of distant waves making melancholy-music. Hushand and wife walked side- by 'sido along tho broad gravel road, sido by side in unbroken silence, till thojr came' to tlio lodge. Tho gates had boon shut !at dusk, and; the lodgo-kcepcr camoout to. open them, and .lookod wondoringly 1 at tho widow and her companion. ' Good-flight,' she said to Mark, when the gate was opened.. i; ; .?:::.?/. ' Qood-night,'he.answcrcd ; and so they par toil, sho; talking briskly away oh tho high-road. ' Y6u;know that person V Mark said to the 'lodge-keeper^ when Mrsl Morris's black figure was lost in the moonless night. .'ycs,';Birj I'd know she. well enow. 'TesMiss Penruik'si maid.': '! Miss Penruth has dismissed her. You are not to admit her on any pretonco whatever.' * No^' sir, surely. But if sho d' como in .tho ' ? .' 'daytime: when tho gate's opon, she'd have howt to do but walk straight through.' i'.'JYou have- dyes to see hor in tho daytime. If Bhelcomcs .to this gate, stop her. She has no right' ? orimybrother'sland. Give her in charge as a trespasser.' ?: . . ' ' His sho been stayling, MrY Mark, a respect ahle- lookin' widow like that ?' ''Never mind.what sho-lias been doing. All you'havb todo is to keep her off tho premises.' Tho man shrugged his shoulders, and shook hiB head significantly, as if imagination made up to him in somewise for his ignorance of actual fact.. ? -.. iy;:c .??' ? :.' : ?; ?, ??.::-/ . ,v. ' .' Molly wont her way, over the inoori a desperate creature, full to tho brim of evii passions and ''''ybndor,' whbsb lighted .windows.. mad.p but,. the faintest glimmer in tho distance, when sho stopped upon her lonely road for a minute to hug her jacket ;closer. to her cheat, and to look back' at ^ tho paradise from which she had been expelled. Sho had made her attempt to win houso and fortune for herself and her children, bringing all her cleverness to bear, plotting and planning with . a cool brainj.carryingouther work with an un faltering hand, patiently, doggedly proceeding on her dark road, till the goal seemed close ; and then, swift as a flash hud come failure and dis ?^-'?'?covery.;'' ? .'. ? ' ci'i —'Sho had known from the moment that Indian ?' '-'Boldier entered tho room that her chance was ^'lost;, She had felt, rather than seen, his, eyes ?'-reading her face, and tho secrets of her soul ' /written there. She hated him almost as intensciy ;,-, as she hated her weak husband, who had found a .... . ,, will of hisown just at the very crisis when it was vital to her that ho should bo . blindly submis ?n'-.Bivej- ' ? -'''I would have, held my ground but for Mark's . ? interference,' she thought ; ' so long as no one ' in that house knew who I vas, no ono had any . /.rcasonfpr suspecting me. But with that prating . \- fool againBt me, I should bo ruined. ? And now . ? what is to becomp of .me, I wonder?. What have I got to caro about, or to live for}' - And then, tramping steadily along the lonely moorland road, where you might walk for an hour .?without meeting a mortal, this woman set' hcr , self to. argue that . question which dilettante philosophers lounging in Jacobean drawing rooms „, have lately aikcd mankind to consider — was lifo ',., worth living ? What was it worth to this baffled .plotter, who had lost the urizo for which sho had ventured so deep, and who saw nothing in all her ? '.; days to come but disappointment and disgraco? Conscience had no terrors for her, remorse no sting; inhor caso the worm and tho fire were :'? in the sense of failuro, to have gono so far and u. succeeded so well, and yet to have failed at last. (V^ ' Sho saw no hope in tho futnro, «ven if she Could clear hcrsolf in Mark's sight, and convince him that shp was. innocent of tho crime, with which he bad charged her, and win him back again as a yielding and indulgent, husband. ? 'What,- then, -oven if this were possible, which Memcd unlikely ?' What then ? Mark could hot give. her Place, or. any of the wealth that wont ^ along with it. Were ho to declaro his marriage ';i.', .ho. would bo a beggar. Ho had told her that many a time, and now that sho had lived under ,'j .'Vyvyan's roof she was more inclined tobclicvo ? o fin that view o£ tho Siuiro'a character. He was '?'??;& hard man ; a' man not to bo moved from his *?'''' Opinions or his prejudices ; capable of generosity, -?' rbufwith an incapacity to pardon. And i£ Mark ' ;' 'kept' the Bccrcf of his low marriage, and tho jj I'tBrcad of life were to bo taken up again just where it had been dropped at tho cottage on the y .' J5t' ColUmb-i'ond ?— a decent lifo enough fora vagabond seaman's daughter, a woman who bad begun her career at a low pubHc-houso at Dovon port, and for whom the bar at tho King's'Arms had been womotion. But for Mo!ly such a life did not Bcem worth living. She had looked forward to something much better than this in those' summer evenings when sho and Mark Penruth , walked in the lanes near Camelot, and. her heart swelled with delight at tho thought of ', her gentleman lover's subjugation. When she mar ried him she in her own mind made herself tho future mistreBs oE Place. Vyvyan was a con firmed bachelor, whose solitary life and eccentric babits made him appear older than he was. Tyvyan would bs brought to forgive his brother's foolish marriage— Molly had an overwesaing belief in her power oxer tho 3terner. sex — and would open tho doors p£ Place to the bride ;, and all would go merrily till tho kind older brother made ivpcaceful and timely end, and loft Mark and Mary to reign in his stead, .This had beou Molly's vision ot tho fututo when tho Squire's brother married her. Sho unfolded her views- to Mark one summer evenipg as they strolled on the little Bca-walk at Sidmouth, . at which bewilderiigly lively watering-place they spent their, brief honeymoon. Mark's very different mauner of looking at things dashed her x little ; but she set down his prognostications to stupidity a»d cowardice. .. 'I ' I don't think I'd have married you if I'd have Known you worcsuch a poor timid creature,' she said, 'It's all very well to keep things secret for a little while, and watch your opporturiity'; but you can't supposel'm going to bo hid away in,;; holes and corners for ever.' ? i -. This was, perhaps, an allusion to certain arrangements which Mark had been suggesting. -. He was afraid of tilcinr» his vnnn™ irifn tno near home, and had planned a lodging in a back street in Plymouth, where ho might visit her by stealth.:. ?.::?? .,;. Molly endured the back street in Plymouth and the rarity of her husband's ? visits for .?- twelve month ; but at tho end of that time sho was the mother of a bouncing boy-baby, and had acquired' complete ascendancy over her husband. She in sisted upon his finding her a homo1 of her own^ a homo in which sho would havo her own furni ture and her own serrant, instead of being depen dent oh tho scanty ssrvico and the scantier furni turo of a third-rate lodging. ;, She insisted furthor, that the homo should be. within ea*y reach of Mark's office, so that he might devote his leisure to tho cultivation o£ domestic affec tions, and see more of the inagnifident boy-baby and future inheritor of Place. Mark, after resisting as ho always resisted, yielded as he always yielded, ; and' tho cottage ; on 'tho St. Columb-road happening, just at this time, to stand empty, Beemed to offer a golden ? opportunity for establishing Mrs. Mark in a homo of her own : provided always that she would keep the promiso%he mado beforo her marriage, and reveal to no living creature that sho was Mark's wife, until he himself should be prepared to admit the fact and stand by what he had done. Molly had been ready enough to mako: this promise when tho chanco of her marriago depended on her readiness so to pledgo horsclf. Tbo cottage was furnished with goods and chattels chosen by Mary heraolf, and, for tba first year or so, tho pleasure of possessing thoso chairs and tables, fenders and. fire-irons, with the labor of. keeping- the samo spotless and smningj.sausncu ine. longings, ana even tno am bition, of the so-called' Mrs. Peters. . Tho vision of fuluro glory at-Place was always before hqr. The cottage was but/the purgatory which was to precede tha1?^-aradisc ; hut, for a time, tho pvjr gatorial was not unenduvable.v Then came the weariness of monotony: the chairs and' tables, fenders and fire-irons, were always exactly the same, polish and scrub as she might; and then' there was the galling souse that, the very people whoadmiredher furniture and drank, her tcii secretly lookod down upon her, as a spurious kind of matron. And out of this weariness and ' sense of shame there grew an ardent . longing to bo 'righted,' to.have all tho praise and glory' that was her duo as a respectable married woman, whose ' prudence' none could question. .Then, when sho had born this dull slow. liftWor nearly ten years, growing more bitter of tongue, and snappish of temper every year, came the news of Vyvyan's marriago, to overthrow all her hopes. of future greatness. And there and then thoso seven devils,- which licinwaittotakcpossession'of empty houses whence all tho virtues and the graces have fled, came and made their abode, with Mark's wife, and the vilcstthought that evor to'ok shape in a woman's mind was not tobvilo for her; to givcat shelter. ? ' ' ? It was a long way to Camelot — seven good -miles- by moor and country road. Yonder, far awav to thfl ]fiffc. twinkled tholifhtu :tf Itnr.khnrt. straggling up the edge of the hill from the har bor in tho hollow to the topmost house. in tho; village Molly thought, with a shiver, of tho many Cosy firesides in tho long steep street,' of the contented mothers who were sitting besido them — as-shc might never sit again— with child ren at their knees. But ahe had found ' little blis3 in a cottage and her own fireside. It was only now the thing was gone from' her' that it be gan to Boom sweet. Should she try back, 'ma'lie- friends with Mark, talk him out of this fancy of his, and begin lifo again, content to be Mrs.' Peters and to live under a cloud till Fortunes' wheel gave a now turn in her favor? No : she could not go back. Oil the dark .road she travelled there was no turning back.Jj She had failed, and all was done with. Shojhad staked all uyon this ono desperate cast, feeling sure of success. ? - It wns eight o'clock) and alrthoubops in Onme lot wero shut, when Molly turned wearily into that up-hill lane whoro Aunt Jooly hid her abode j tho merest hovel of cob and thatch ad joining Farmer Somebody's pigslicj. '? ' The ono lattice — in which thcro wero moro paper and rags than glass— was. closely ehuUcred ; bud there, was a. dim glimmer of light shining under the door, so Molly lifted the latch and went in. Tho room was kitclicu, parlor, and bedchamber all in one i Aunt Jooly reserving the upper story, which wan far from weather- tight, a3 a storehouse for apples, onions, and fuel. A bed closely curtained with many-colored ^patch work drapery occupied the warmest corner. , An ancient armchair filled nearly half. the ioona, and screened tho sibyl from all the winds that blew. An old bureau, in which sho Wept her simples, and which the country pooplo regarded with awe unutterable, as tho repository of mysterious powers, and a rickety littlo round' table\Com- prised tho rest of AnntJooly's belongings. ? :A witch would not lave been complctowith ou'o her familiar. Aunt Jooly had two in the orthodox felino form. A twin pair of large black cats adorned and guarded the hearth, and fihowed an invincible jealousy ?£ the tea-kettle, which they evidently considered a rival in their mistress's affections, and an impediment to their full enjoyment of tho fire. Theso cats had been christened Tom and Jerry, ? and were ae well known in Caraelot as Aunt Jooly herself. Tho old woman sat over hor firo, hidden from view in the big armchair ; but ' the uplifted countenances o£ Tom and Jerry, and tho black teapot and cup and saucer on tho table, told Molly that the witch' was there. Sho walked straight to tho back of the chair, and looked down at tho old nurss, who was nodding and millnblint? Vit the oalq whiln k)i*- Kinnp-1 hf»r tea. 'Lord a-mcrcy !' cried the crone, when Molly tapped heron the shoulder. ' Who's thore ?' looking 'down upon ler out 'b£ the shadows. Such a ghastly face, so strange in its expression, that,' for tho, momeat, sho hardly recognised it. . ' . ? '. Lord, 'tcs you !' bIo cried, ' I thowt you was up in Lnnnon*-' ' I have been in London ; and now I've come homo, and want the key,' answered Molly,' without relaxing a muscle in that rigid face. the front of her bonne*, and tied it under her chin, so as to hide the widow's cap. 'Lord, but you d' look ill— that whita and whist!' exclaimed Au»t Jooly, staring at Molly, while she fumbled in a capacious pocket 'for tho key. 'Thdro baint nowt wrong with the childer, be tlieere 2' , \- Molly shook her head impatiently. . 'There's your kay,' said tho old -woman, UU!1UU1{£ lh UVU1 liUU UUCll. Ui LUU UUitll. X-Ub can't yc como round by the fire and set-down a bit, and havo a sup o' tay ? 'Twill warm you may be, for you look half fro20.' ' I've had a cold walk.' ' ' Why didn't you come in the coach ?:' 'Twas in two hours ago.'' ' Good-night,' said Molly, going to the door. 'Well, you'ro uncommon short with a poor old woman, Mrs. Payters. You'll not find a cob: web in your house, I'll warrant ; and 'te's as dry as a bone.' ... ' ' Thank yon, Aim't Jooly. I slian't forget that I'm beholden to you for that,' answered Molly. \ '. ' Sho wa3 gono beforo tlio old woman could say another word ; fbut Aunt Jooly sat staring at the door for some minutes, to the wonderment, and even uneasiness, of Tom and Jerry, who interro gated her dumbly, by sundry pattings and. Ecratchings of tloir! forcpaws on her ancient and bony knees. 1 ? -. : : : ; 'She d' look; as if she'd seen a ghost,' mut tered the hag. [ '.'.'. 