[?] Lord Brackenbury : A NOVEL. BY AMELIA B. EDWARDS, j Author of 'Barbara's History,' 'Debenham's Vow,' &c;,- ,i [The right of publication in Australasia has been purchased by flie proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter VII. — Lost. The miller and his family were at supper when uiest unexpected guests with their lanterns, sticks, and firearms, . knocked at his door. Startled and bewildered, the good man rose and let thorn in. His wife snatched her baby from the cradle. Their three boys eat wondering and open mouthed ; the smoking polenta, the flask of country wine, the black bread, and the three-wick lamp on the table before fhpm. i The miliar was so taken by surprise that he could hardly j be made to understand at first what his visitors wanted. Would they be pleased to come in ? Who ? What ? The Signori Bernardi from La Spezzia? The Signore Sandro ? Ah, yea — of course he remembered the Signore Sandro ! Would they take the trouble to be seated? How? A traveller? what traveller ? ? A mi-lordo Inglese ? Here ? Here at the mill? Heavens! no. How should he be here ? Missing t Lostf Since when? To-day— this evening? Holy St. Francis. How was it possible? How could any one be lost on t e high road between the old bridge and I*. Spezzia? Haa ^ he heard nothing — no shout as of some one in distress? No, j nothing; absolutely nothing. He had been all day in e i mill, he and his boys, and had only left off work when it grew dark. They had_not been out with the cart, or alc^g the road, all day. What, going already ? E ? whistled to his dog, bade the boys take care of the mom- s and went to join in the search. . , 1,:^ Up the steep and ^slippery path, out again on the tug l : road on in the direction of the old bridge they went, shooting, listening, sweeping the road with their lanterns **At*t)M: point where the caleche had stopped, Sandro Quaranta-Sette called a halt* ' It was here that he got out—at this very spot. I know it by the young ash yonder,' said he. ' What if he turned back to Matterana ? ' suggested the ^^Tnrned back? What nonsense! 'Why we left him walking— walking fast towards La Spezzia ? ' ''Ami you lost sight of him? — where?' asked the Apothecary. . ? f About two hundred yards back.' They retraced their steps as far as the second turn of the wad. It was here they last saw him. On this point Sandro, Mr. Prouting, and the postboys were unanimous. They stopped to hold a hurried council. They had now tracked over every foot of the ground by which Lord Brackenbury would have 'come, and they had found no trace of him. Had he been anywhere within sight or bearing, they must have found him. What was to be done ? Was it worth while to go farther ? To Matterana ? To Borghetto ? It was just possible that some accident had happened to him, and that he had been taken up by a vehicle going in that direction. It was also possible that he bad missed his footing on the torrent side of the road, in which case he might at this moment be lying bruised, insensible, dying among the bushes and bomders far below. ' There were places where such an accident might happen ; but to those familiar with the road, it seemed scarcely probable. Still they were bound to leave no stone untuned. To go back to La Spezzia without seeking him in every direction, likely or unlikely, was out of the question. So said Sandro Quaranta-Sette and the two Bern&rdi.; Tbey decided to divide their forces — one party, including Sandro, Mr. Prouting, and Marco Bernardi, making for Sorghetto, the other, under the leadership of Bruno fiernaidi, undertaking the more difficult duty of searching the torrent-bank. Most of these who bad joined under an impulse of curiosity gave up now, and went home; the Apothecary, the barber, and the miller being of that number. Their ranks thus thinned, the exploring parties separated and went their different ways. It was now paBt nine o'clock. The night, variable as the day by which it was (preceded, had cleared up suddenly. The mists had parted and dispersed. A pageant of massy cumuli swept solemnly and swiftly .overhead ; and the depths of space between were powdered with keen stars. Still pausing at times to unite in a prolonged ' llola ! ' the elder Bernardi'e party now tramped rapidly on, meeting only one old peasant, trudging under a burden of (ire-wood, fiim they questioned; but he had seen no one on the road. Arrived at Borghetto, they went straight to the hotel at which Lord Brackenbury had declined to put up a few hours before. Here, however, nothing had been seen or heard of him. They debated whether it was worth while to go on as far as Matterana. Now Matterana was a mere mountain hamlet, only four hundred and fifty feet below thc summit of the pass, and twelve kilometres further up the mountain. If any accident had happened, and Lord Brackenbury had been taken up by a passing vehicle, that vehicle would certainly have dropped him here at Borghetto, where there was a good inn, instead «f carrying him on to Matterana where there was none. Besides, no vehicle had passed either to or fro since thc yellow caleche drove through at four o'clock ; except indeed one or two country carts belonging to farmers in the neigh bourhood. So paid the landlord of theEuropa. Nothing on wheels could pass that way and not be seen from the hotel. Also, there was a watertrough at the opposite side of the road, where the peasants always drew up to let their beasts drink, and where the stable-boys filled their buckets to water the horses of travellers driving through. It was impossible that any cart or carriage should stay for water, , or drive through, unobserved. They decided that it was useless to go on to Matterana. ' Blessed Mother of God ! ' said Sandro Quaranta-Sette, ' 'What Bhall we do ? Where can we go ? ' He had been the life of the party till now ; but now, for the first time, he seemed utterly hopeless. ' You can do nothing but go back to La Spezzia,' said the landlord of the Europa. ' How can we go back without having found mi-lordo ? ' The landlprd shrugged his shoulders. ' If you had but stayed with us,' said he, ' all would have been well.' Sandro drew his sleeve acrosB his eyes. ' Che% che ! don't do that, Signore Sandro!' cried the landlord. ' It is not like you to despair. Maybe, when you get back to La Spezzia, you will find your traveller waiting for you.' 'Ay, he might have passed through La Spezzia, and have gone on by mistake to Lerici ! ' said Marco Bernardi. They caught at this hope, just as they had caught at the hope of finding Lord Brackenbury at the mill ; and, having partaken hastily of food and drink, set out to return by the way they came. It was now getting late, and though the night was line and the road one long descent, the distance seemed half as far again from Borghetto to La Spezzia as from La Spezzia to Borghetto. They were tired, anxious, silent; the moBt anxionB, the most silent, being Lord Brackenbury's valet. Again and again he had been on the point of revealing the secret of the diamonds, of telling all he knew and all he feared ; but, remembering that he had acquired the greater part of his knowledge through the keyhole, he had as often checked himself. He felt, however, a great and growing dread— a dread that he scarcely dared define. The others felt it also ; but more vaguely. They halted again by the path to Grassi's mill— halted, and shouted, and waited ; not in actual hope that anything had happened since they left, but on the chance of it. AU below was, however, dark and silent. The miller find his family were long since gone to bed. So they went on again. The moon had by this time risen, and as the road zig zagged, they passed alternately through spaces of ghostly shade and still more ghostly light. There was not a creature stirring. They still stopped now and then to shout and listen ; but, save at one spot where there was a double echo, heard never a sound in reply. About two miles from La Spezzia they came upon Bruno Bernardi and his party. They had searched every point at which an accident seemed possible. They had been down in places to the water's edge, and their clothes were torn by the brambles, and their boots were cut to pieces by the stoneB ; but they had seen nothing of the missing man — nothing. 'Courage! we shall find him at La Spezzia,' said Sandro Quaranta-Sette ; but the words were more hopeful than the voice. They came presently to a turn in the road high above La Spezzia, whence there is a famous view of the bay reaching almost from horn to horn. The olive slopes shimmered, the distant headland slept, the sea was furrowed with silver, in the moonlight. All was still in the little town. All was dark in the windows of the Croce di Malta. ' He is not here,' said the elder Bernardo, as they went up to the door. A sleepy night-porter who could hardly speak for yawn ing, let them in. It was only too true. Lord Brackenbury was not at the Croce di Malta. Chatter VIII.— An Impenetrable Mystery. A detailed account of the search made for the mimaing traveller, of the rewards offered, of the judicial inquiries instituted would fill many chapters ; but the main facts may be told in a few pages. local machinery of the 'law, such as it was 'in isoith Italy at that time, was put in motion. To lav v i ' s before the Syndic of La Spezzia was the first step to be taken ; and the brothers Bernardi, accompanied by ?»7j° Quaranta-Sette find Lord Brackenbury's valet, uP°n this functionary the following morning. The of the two Hast, and of the postillions, having neen taken down, the Syndic, with his clerk and a couple of gwsMrmes, repaired to the Hotel Croce di Malta, placed ®®cral seals on Lord Brackenbury's luggage, and took pos the room in which the things were Messengers were then despatched to Sarzana, rmrlS1*!. Mawa-Ducalej and all the smaller communes about ; m ecial couriers were sent to the authorities * uenoa and Lucca ; mounted carabineers were told off t scour the roads ; and 'a 'reward of 2000 Genoese lire was offered for information of the Tniwringr man, _ Before twenty-four hours had elapsed, the whole country side was in an uproar. A Borghetto, at Matterano, at San Benedetto, domiciliary visits were made to such of the inhabitants as might lie thought to bear, or at any time to have borne, an indifferent character. At Carrara, two men who chanced to apply for employment at the quarries were arrested for no other reason than that they were strangers. In the same way, an invalid soldier travelling on foot to his home at Pietra Santo, and an itinerant photographer who chanced to visit La Spezzia in the way of his calling, were detained on suspicion. Nothing being proven against any of these persons, they were liberated in the coarse of a few days. Rot even the cantonniers to whom Lord Bracken bury had given a pour-boire on the summit of the Pass of Bracco, not even the fisherman with whom he had chatted at the little sea-side town where Sandro Quaranta-Sette put up to dine, escaped examination. The Corniche and Riviera were at this time considered the safest roads in Italy. No one dreamed of brigandage between Nice and Genoa, or between Genoa and Pisa. As for cases of robbery with violence, nothingof the kind had happened in the neighbourhood of Spezzia for well-nigh a Bcore of years. That a traveller should disappear from a frequented highway between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, — disappear utterly and leave no trace— might well send a shiver of alarm throughout the district. The youth, the rank, the wealth of the missing man, made it so much the more startling. When in addition to all this, it by and by came out on information from Genoa (confirmed by the tardy evidence of Lord Brackenbury's own valet) that the lost nobleman had. not only a large sum in ca6h, but upwards of thirty thousand pounds' worth of unset diamonds about his person, the excitement reached its climax. On the eighth _ day, Lord Brackenbury's brother, the Honourable Lancelot Brackenbury, arrived at La Spezzia. Lord Brackenbury having 'disappeared on the Saturday, Prouting had telegraphed on the Sunday to Brackenbury Court, his master's seat in Lancashire. Mr. Brackenbury, who was Bhooting at the time over a remote Scotch moor, did not, however, receive the telegram till nearly twenty four hours later. He was therefore only just able, by dint of hard travelling, to catch the French steamer which, then as now, left Marseilles for Genoa, Leghorn, Civita Vecchia, and Naples, every Thursday. Prom Genoa he posted straight on, without an hour's delay ; so reaching La Spezzia on the Saturday about midday. ' 'What news of my brother ?' He was out of the carriage, in the hall, and face to face with Lord Brackenbuiy's valet at the foot of the stairs, before any one could run out to receive him. ' No news, sir, I am sorry to say,' replied Prouting, white as a ghost and shaking from head to toot. ' Good God ! What can have become of him ? ' A tall, dark, brown-bearded young man, dusty and travel-stained, he stood with his hand on the balustrade, looking from one to another of the faces fast gathering round him, and seeing no hope or comfort in any. ' Everything's been done, sir, that can be done,' said Prouting. ' The military has been all over the country.' -4 And have discovered no trace? ' ' None whatever, sir.' ' It was last Saturday that yoa lost him ? ' ' Last Saturday, sir, — just aweek to- day.' The young man looked bewildered — incredulous. He could not believe it. ' Are you the landlord ? ' he said, turning to the elder Bernardo. '.Show me to a private room, please ; and you, Prouting, come up and tell me about it.' They went up to a sitting-room on the first floor, the same sitting-room that had been prepared for Lord Bracken bury. The elder Bernardo opened the shutters and let in the daylight ; the younger followed with an armful of rugs and wraps. ? ' That door opens into a bedroom, I suppose ? ' said Mr. Brackenbury, as Mr. Prouting helped him off with his overcoat. 44 Ye — es, sir,' replied Prouting, hesitatingly, 'But it's loeked. -That's the room my lord's things are in. The magistrate of th^place— him they call the Syndic— has the key.' Mr. Brackenbury stared at him confusedly, sat down, got up, walked to the window, came back again, looked utterly confounded and overwhelmed. The two Bernardi lingered a moment to see if the new comer wanted anything. ' Won't you take something, sir, after your journey ? ' asked Prouting ; ' a cup of coffee or ? ' Mr. Brackenbury shook his head impatiently. ' No, no,' he said. ' Nothing now. Let me hear about my brother.' With a weary sigh he dropped into a chair. The Bernardi left the room. The valet remained stand ing. ' Now tell me all — everything— just as it happened.' There was not much to tell ; yet to tell that little, under the circumstances, was difficult. Prouting, however, did his best, beginning with the departure from Genoa, and ending with the night search In the ravine. ' And the country, you say, has been scoured in eveiy direction?' ' They do say, sir, there isn't so much as a goat- track for miles round that hasn't been followed up, or a village where inquiries haven't been made.' ' ' And what is the general impression ? Bo the authorities seem to think he has been murdered ?' ' Nobody knows what to think, sir.' 'No — but they suspect? They fear ?— poor Cuthbert ! Good God ! — poor Cuthbert !' And Mr. Brackenbury, with a groan, leaned his elbow on the table, and his head upon his hand. ' I saw something in a French paper yesterday about the diamonds — what does it mean ?' he asked presently. *' My lord made a purchase of jewels, sir, at Genoa; a very large purchase, so they say — something like thirty thousand pounds.' ' Yes, yes — I know he thought of buying them. Where are they 'r' ' The diamonds, sir r' Mr. Brackenbury nodded. ' My lord had them in his travelling belt.' ' In his travelling belt P On his person ? Do you mean to tell me he had the diamonds actually upon him when he left the carriage ?' ' Indeed, sir, I am sorry to say he had.' *' Merciful Heaven ! — and yet it seems scarcely credible. They would not go into so small a compass.' Mr. Prouting explained how his lordship had caused the jewels to be broken up, and how, being only loose stones, the diamonds took up very little space. ' You saw them yourself, Prouting ? ' ' I saw them, sir, when I took in my lord's lemonade. They were lying on the table in three little heaps.' ' And you are sure he put them in his belt r ' ' Yes, sir, I — I happened to see him put them in— quite accidentally.' Mr. Brackenbuiy pushed his chair back suddenly, got up again, and walked restlessly to and fro. ' Where is the Syndic r ' he next asked. 41 Close by, sir — his office, that to sav ; but he isn't much there. Hi6 private house is a little ways out of the town.' ' Take me to his office. It he is not there, I will go on to his private house.' Prouting fetched his hat and led the way. They met the Syndic at his bureau door, on the point of going home ; but he turned back and led the way to his private room. Mr. Brackenbury begged to know what had been done in the way of search; and the Syndic— a volable, selfim portant functionary — brought out his minute-book and a pile of correspondence, and proceeded to show with what zeal and discretion, and at how latge a cost, the investigation j had been carried on. Here were copies of his own letters to the local authorities of various communes, and their relies to the same ; a list of thirty-four domiciliary visits maw in various mountain hamlets during the past week ; minutes of the examinations of suspected persons ; accounts of sums expended in telegraphy, printing, gratifications to subor dinates and the like ; besides various reports furnished by the officer of carabineers whose troop was employed in the search. Mr. Brackenbury listened till the Syndic had talked him self out of breath, and then said very gravely : — ' Your investigations have been conducted on a wrong basis. I am not surprised that you have failed.' The Syndic begged to know what better course sua Excel lensa could propose. ' You tell me,' stud Mr. Brackenbury, ' that no case of robbery with violence has occurred here for many years, and that the people of your district are well-conducted and harmless. Wny hold them answerable for my brother's dis appearance ? Lord Brackenbury was assuredly not the first traveller who ever got out of his carriage on that road for exercise. It is a circumstance that must have happened eveiy day. Why, then, should he be molested— he {done, after years of public safety ? He had upon his person a travelling-belt, containing money and jewels — but how should your villagers or fishermen know that ? ' The Svndic stared. That the brother of the missing man should defend the people of his district was more than he could comprehend. ' It seems to me,' continued Mr. Brackenbury, ' that we should take Genoa for our point of departure. There must be persons in Genoa who knew that my brother bought the diamonds — who may have followed him, waiting the first opportunity to obtain possession of them. They were bought, I understood, through some Genoese banking house. . . .' '? Through Riciotto and Da Costa,' interrupted the Syndic. ' And I learn now, from my brother's servant, that these jewels were broken up by a workman in Lord Brackenbury's employ. Where is that workman ? ' ' The honest Syndic was confounded. He admitted at once that ' his Excellency's' view of the case was worthy of consideration. ' But,' he added, ' given that a murder has been com mitted, what has become of the body? We have not merely been searching for the assassins, but for their victim.' Despite the sweet subtlety of his mother-tongue, your well-educated Italian very often expresses himself with a brutal straightfordness of which not even the most ignorant Frenchman, nor perhaps even the most ignorant English man, would be capable. The worthy Syndic was quite un conscious of the horrible suggestiveness of his speech ; but his hearer felt it like a stab. ' You cannot do better, Signore Sindico, than continue your search,' he said with a shudder, ' I will myself in stitute inquiries at Genoa.' Then Mr. Brackenbury asked for, and received, the key of the locked chamber ; and, with a few parting instructions and civilities, went his way back to the Albergo Croce di Malta. He then took possession of his brother's luggage ; ordered fresh horses in an hour's time ; desired Prouting to be ready to accompany him ; and sat down with a heavy heart to the luncheon which he had forgotten to order, but which had nevertheless been prepared for him. They had laid a letter beside his plate— the same letter that Prouting had fetched from the PoBt Restante the night of Lord Brackenbury's disappearance. He recognised his own handwriting upon the envelope. It was a letter written in reply to one he had received from his brother nearly a fortnight ago. The sight of it almost choked him. * By a little before 4 p.m. he was on the road again, bound for 6enoa. When the carriage reached the spot at which Lord Brackenbury had alighted, he got out and walked some way back, examining the ground and particularly noting the turn at which his brother was last seen. After this, he pursued his journey without a moment's unnecessary delay, paying the post- boys himself at the end of every stage, and urging on the new ones withfeverishimpatience. It was dark long before they reached the summit of the Pass of Bracco, and near five o'clock in the morning when the carriage drew up at the door of the Hotel Feder. ' Your signore can have his old rooms again,' said the waiter, whom the night porter had called up out of his bed. ' Tbey are just vacant.' Then, seeing a strange gentleman alight, he stared and said : — ' How ? — it is not the same signore ? ' But Prouting signed to him to be silent ; and Mr. Bracken bury was, by a curious coincidence, shown into the very apartment that had been occupied by his brother. It were needless to recount all that Mr. Brackenbury did, and caused to be done, in furtherance of the one supreme object upon which his thoughts and energies were bent. He, at all events, spared neither time, money, nor health in pursuance of that object. Assisted by Signor Ricciotto, he secured the legal services of Signore More ; spurred on the police authorities; procured the apprehension of Antonio Caffarelli ; circulated handbills printed in French, English, and Italian, giving an account of Lord Brackenbuiy's dis appearance, and offering a great reward for information of the missing nobleman; telegraphed a description of the dinmnnda to London, Amsterdam, Marseilles, and Paris; and despatched a couple of detectives to search the coast between Genoa and Spezzia. Antonio Caffarelli was promptly examined, and as promptly released. He was found quietly at work in his own work shop at the top of a house in a small aHey opening out from the Via de' Orefici. He showed surprise, but no confusion, and bore himself throughout the examination with the com posure of innocence. He worked, it seemed, for various em ployers, all of whom gave him a good character ; and he brought evidence to show that he had not been absent from his home for more than an hour or two, either lately, or at any time within the past two years. How Paulo Giovanella and various other persons were suspected, interrogated, and dismissed ; how not only Genoa and London, but every European capital, rantr with the story ; how ' The Extraordinary Case of Lord Brackenbury,' and his thirty thousand pounds' worth of diamonds, figured for weeks in every newspaper at home and abroad ; how the in terest of the subject by and by died away, and even Mr. Brackenbury's passionate perseverance was worn out at last, are matters that need to be but briefly indicated. Enough that strictest search was made, and made in vain ; that days, weeks, months went by, and left the mystery unsolved. Lord Brackenbuiy had disappeared as completely as if the earth had opened and swallowed him. Chatter IX. — Retrospective : The Brackenbury Law Suit. Although the Brackenbury peerage was of comparatively recent date, being in fact no older than the fourteenth year of George the Third, yet the Brackenbury property was an old property, and boasted a good long pedigree. That is to 6ay, it had been in the hands of the Brackenbury family, descending from father to son in the direct line, ever since the latter end of the reign of Elizabeth. Counting by acreage, it was an extensive property ; but as a good third of that acreage consisted of bare hill and barren moor, and the rest of a light sandy soil, the Brackenburys were for many generations less wealthy than if their patrimony had been of smaller extent and better quality. As landed gentry they were moderately affluent; as peers they were positively poor. Then, all at once, there opened upon them the prospect of wealth. On a certain waste tract of most unpromising aspect, which he had bought more with a view to rounding off his property on that side than for any probable value that it would ever possess for himself or his descendants, Lord Brackenbury's grandfather discovered a seam of coal. The original owner of this priceless piece of waste land was a certain Squire Langtrey, a genial, careless, extravagant gentleman of the old school, whose estates adjoined the Brackenbury property, but who had so entangled his affairs that his son, on coming of age, consented to cut off the entail, and satisfy the creditors. It was a piece of fand that had always been more or less of an annoyance to the Brackenburys. It lay, as it were, islanded in the midst of one of their moors. It interfered with their shooting. It harboured their partridges. It gave rise to endless squabbling between their own and their neighbour's game keepers: It was, in short, profitless to the Lang-treys, and a thom in the side of the Brackenburys ; and so, when the time came that timber was being cut, and farms were being sold, and much of the Squire's property was changing hands, the then Lord Brackenbury bought 'it at a fair price, to the satisfaction of both parties. Now Squire Langtrev and Lord Brackenbury were such old and fast friends that it would probably have taken something more than even a seam of coal to sunder them ; but it so happened that the seller died and was succeeded by his son before the buyer discovered his good fortune. That discovery, while it very naturally filled Lord Brackenbuiy's heart with rejoicing, filled the .heart ,of the young Squire with disappointment and bitterness. He had felt it hard enough already that hiB means should be narrowed by hiB j father's extravagance. He had sorely grudged the sacrifice he made in cutting off the entail. But that he 'should actually have held a fortune in his grasp and let it go, was more than he could bear with even a semblance of equa nimity. But had he let it go ? His father and he had sold the land ; but they had not sold the coal. If they had dreamed of the possible presence of the coal, they would never have sold it at all. Besides, there was no mention of such possibility in the deed of sale. How, then, could they have sold the coal if it was not in the bond ? So reasoned Stephen Langtrey of the Grange; and, convinced of the justice of his claim, ne demanded restitu tion of the land on repayment of the purchase money. Lord Brackenbury, it is needless to say, declined the pro posal, but he offered to present the son of his old friend and neighbour with a bonus of five thousand pounds. Mr. Langtrey, bent upon having all or none, rejected the bonus with scorn, and resolved to go to law. His own and his father's trusted solicitor, the old and tried friend who had piloted them through all their difficulties, after tiying in vain to make him see the fallacy of his reasoning, refused to move in the matter, and washed his hands of the conse quences. But, like most narrowminded men, the more Stephen Langtrey was opposed, the more obstinate he became. He was bent on litigation ; and when a man is bent on litigation, he seldom experiences much difficulty in finding a lawyer to carry |out his views. Mr. Langtrey experienced no difficulty whatever, lie laid the matter before a new and somewhat pushing firm of late established in a neighbouring county town ; was, of course, assured of the excellence oinis case ; and soon found himself formally embarked in a good old-fashioned lawsuit. Now, unfortunately for the squire, it so happened that, owing to a trifling informality in the drawing up of the papers connected with the sale of this same piece of waste land, there actually proved to be a slight flaw in Lord Brackenbury's title ; that is to say, there was room for grave doubt as to whether one of those mysterious legal inventions called ' an attendant tern ' had been duly and properly got in and assigned to attend the inheritance. Had there been no such stumbling- block in the way, any thing like prolonged litigation would have been out of the question. Mr. Langtrey would have lost his cause, paid his own and his opponents' coBts, and been only a few hundreds the poorer. But this unlucky flaw furnished precisely the peg upon which it became possible to hang an elaborate web of legal subtleties ; and in Messrs. Fawcett and Clarke, Mr. Langtrey had found just the spiders to weave it. How they wove it year after year, skilfully catching up the threads Wherever it broke down ; prolonging it in tins or that direction; entangling their wretched fly more and more hopelessly in its fatal meshes; playing what they called a 'waiting game' of indefinite duration; fattening upon their client's wasting substance, and building their own prosperity upon his gradual ruin, are facts that need to be sketched but in the barest outline. Enough that the lawsuit wore on for twenty-six years, ruined Stephen Langtrey, and was lost at last. It was a conclusion that had been long foreseen by every one but himself. Dominated, however, by one fixed idea, the Squire to the last was confident of victory. When the blow fell, it crushed him. He had lived on this one hope for six-and- twenty years ; fostering it at the cost of his better nature, and clinging to it the more passionately the more rotten it became. He had sacrificed his whole career to it, neither travelling, nor marrying, nor going into Par liament, nor carrying into effect any of the cherished prospects of his youth. Then, when the house of cards that he had been building for more than half his lifetime toppled over at a touch, he went down with it. It was a case of complete and utter ruin — ruin of mind, body, and estate. He became suddenly brokenjand decrepit ; took to his bed ; and died within three months of the diay when judgment was finally given against him. The wreck of his property — consisting of the Grange and some seventy acres of land — then passed by his will to his elder and only surviving sister, with the remainder at her death to his younger sister's orphan child. The great lawsuit, meanwhile, bore heavily on others as well as upon its [unhappy author. Old Squire Langtrey's family consisted of a son and two daughters ; Lord Bracken bury's family consisted of an only son ; and Lord Bracken bury's 6on and Squire Langtrey's youngest daughter, though not actually engaged, were very dear to one another in the happy days before the coal was discovered. That discovery parted their lives for ever. Herbert Brackenbury was abroad, making what was then called the Grand Tour, when Stephen Langtrey advanced his senseless claim for restitution; and by the time he came home the breach between the families was already past healing. The breach presently culminated in the beginning of the great lawsuit. All intercourse thenceforth ceased between the two houses. Stephen Langtrey ruled at the Grange, obeyed by his sisters as though he were a god. The elder worshipped as well as obeyed him ; believing what he believed, desiring what he desired, hating what he hated. The younger, being of a gentle and timid nature, stood in too much awe of her brother, and was too completely ruled by her sister, to be other than passive in their hands. As long as it was possible to hope, she hoped. When hope died, she grieved silently. Her dream might melt into air; but Herbert Brackenbury waB still her hero. Only to see him at church when, at rare intervals, he came home for a week's shooting, was something to look forward to, to look back upon, to be thankful for. Living as such meek hearts are wont to live, in the past, she learned to [accept the present with resignation, and to expect nothing from the future. Herbert Brackenbury, in the mean while, took it as young men take disappointments — at first with quick pain, and anger, and impatience ; then with a smouldering resent ment ; lastly, with acquiescence tempered by a half -pleasant, half-regretful memory. Had he unreservedly spoken words of love to Mabel Langtrey, he would have held himself bound to the fullest extent of their meaning. Neither the wrath of Stephen Langtrey, nor his own father's displea sure, nor any of the hundred and one difficulties that must inevitably have sprung up in the way of the marriage, would have weighed with him for a moment where his word and his love were plighted, and his honour was at stake. But then no such woidB had been spoken; and Herbert Brackenbury was neither so desperately in love, nor so carelcsB of consequences, as to embark in a suit which would surely meet with opposition from both families. So he chafed awhile; waited awhile; accepted a diplomatic appointment at Florence; and by and by married an Italian lady of noble famiLy and great personal beauty. Thus ended the unspoken romance of Mabel Langtrey's girlhood. Time, meanwhile, trudged on, and the sand in his glass kept running. The great lawsuit completed its first decade. Herbert Brackenbury, eight years married, was father of two sons, to the elder of whom, now &even; years of age, the Grand Duke of Tuscany had stood sponsor ; the younger being an infant of some two or three months old. Mabel Langtrey, still fair though somewhat faded, accepted, at twenty-eight, the hand of a certain middle aged, well-connected, and very worthy gentleman named Philip Savage, who, though possessed of no private fortune, had a lucrative Government appointment in Barbadoes. So Mabel Langtrey became Mrs. Philip Savage, and went with her husband to the West Indies, where, after some years of wedded life, she died, leaving an infant daughter named Winifred. Little dreaming that he should never see his little girl's face again, Mr. Savage sent .this poor bady home to England to be reared and educated. Transferred not long after, at an (increased salary, from Barbadoes to Jamaica, he was swept off with hundreds of other Europeans by an epidemic fever, and Winifred was adopted for good and all by her relations at the Grange. Still Time trudged on ; and when Mr. Savage had been dead about twelve months, and the lawsuit had been dragging its slow length along for between fourteen and fifteen years, Lord Brackenbury also ' went over to the majority,' and was succeeded by his son Herbert, third Baron Brackenbury of Brackenbury, at this time British Ambassador at the Court of the Two Sicilies, and resident in Naples. Now the new Lord, heartily hating the lawsuit, and willing, if possible, to be freed from the cares of a business for which he had neither time, nor inclination, resolved to make an effort towards reconciliation with Stephen Langtrey. Setting aside, therefore, the formalities cus tomary between defendant and plaintiff, he wrote to the Squire with his own hand ; made friendly reference to the old time when as boys they had been playfellows, _ and as young men friends ; and offered to compromise this unprofitable grievance by a payment of £20,000. Even Mr. Langtrey's solicitors, who desired nothing less than to see the case at an end were to fain admit that it was a liberal offer. They went so far as to make a show of advising their client to accept it. Herein, however, they played a perfectly safe game. Long waiting and long persistence had made Stephen Langtrey only more dogged. ' For sixteen years,' he said, with a big oath, ' my motto has been ' All or cone ' — and ' all ' I mean to have, though I fight for it sixteen years longer.' He did not even answer Lord Brackenbury's letter ; but tamed it over to Messrs. Fawcett and Clarke, to be dealt with in whatsoever fashion might seem best to them. After this rebuff Lord Brackenbury left matters to take their own course. A rich man himself, living abroad, and spending Utile more than his official income, he could afford the costly duel which impoverished his adversary more and more* as each year of litigation went by. The coal had, in truth, proved a splendid fortune to the Brackenbury family. The late Lord, after an unsuccessful attempt at working it himself, had let his mine to an Iron Company at a royalty which soon produced him an income of £12,000 per annum ; and the Iron Company had not only built huge premises upon the spot, but nad constructed a tramway in connection with the great main line of the neighbouring manufacturing districts; thereby bringing the ore to the coal to be smelted, and conveying it away again in the form of bars and sheet iron for sale. Nothing galled Stephen Langtrey like the glare of those Brackenbury fumaceB reddening half the sky by night, and darkening it under a canopy of smoke by day. It wa- as a sign hung in the heavens to remind him perpetually of his loss. In the twenty-second year of the lawsuit, the beautiful Lady Brackenbury died of long disease at Sorrento, to which place the family was wont to retire for villegiatura eveiy summer. The eldest son, Cuthbert, then nineteen years of age, was at Oxford ; the younger, Lancelot, was at a public school in Lausanne. Lord Brackenbury had now been more than twenty-one years in the diplomatic service ; and, partly because he had married an Italian lady, partly because he was peculiarly well fitted for the work, had continued all this time to hold an Italian appointment. He was, in fact, so accomplished an Italian scholar, so conversant with the tone of Italian society, so intimately acquainted with every nuance of Italian politics, that he became.identified with English di plomacy in Italy, just as Lord Stratford de Redcliffe became identified with English diplomacy in Turkey. The death of his wife, however, brought all this to an end. It had been a long exile, and of late years he had oftentimes felt how good and pleasant it would be to live once again in his own home and among his own people. Also, it was his duty to give his boys English tastes and English habits. Cuthbert, already a young man, had now been nearly four years pursuing his education in England ; but Lancelot had j never yet set foot in his native country. - While his wife lived — and she was always delicate Lord Brackenbury put these considerations on one side. Left a widower, however; separated from his children ; and alone with his sorrow in a strange land, Italy became in tolerable to him. So he made up his mind to retire from ; the diplomatic service ; to reside on his property ; to take his seat in the Upper House ; to interest himself in home politics ; and to live the quiet, useful, every-day life of an English country gentleman. Such was the end of Lord Brackenbury's diplomatic career. He solicited and obtained permission to resign ; and within a few months after his great loss, came home for good and all, bringing with him his younger boy from Lausanne. Chapter X,— Fatheii and Sons. It has been said that Lord Brackenbury 'came home,' that is to say, he came home to England — to Brackenbury Court — but not to the home of his birth ; not to the Bracken bury Court of his boyhood; not to the old- fashioned mansion designed by Sir Christopher Wren, with its double flight of steps, its pilastered ana pedimented facade, its balustraded balconies, its stone urns, and sculptured wreaths, and formal surroundings. That house used to stand at the easternmost extremity of Brackenbury Park, within a quarter of a mile of the memorable piece of waste land, the wealth of which had but lately been discovered .when, as the Honor able Herbert Brackenbuiy, he had accepted his first diplomatic appointment. It occupied a commanding position, looking towards the distant woods of Lang trey Manor. But when the Iron Company came to take possession in such close neighbourhood, bringing with them fire and smoke, and the olang of never-ceasing ham mers, the fortunate landlord decided to build a new house, and to give his valuable tenants as wide a berth as possible. So he fixed upon a site at the north-western boundary of his park, and there erected what is called ' an elegant modern mansion,' in the Italian style, with a loggia, a campanile tower, a projecting cornice, and every architec tural adornment, best befitting a warm climate, and least appropriate to a bleak north country side some 1100 feet above the level of the sea. When this new house was completed, the old place near the colliery was pulled down ; and thus it happened that the third lord came home to a home that was not the home of his boyhood. 1 Nor was the new Italian villa, even so, the only Bracken bury Court on the estate. Far from the waste of old foundations that marked the site of the former residence, farther still from the new one, in a now unfrequented and isolated spot upon the verge of a steep ridge facing south ward, there still stood the ruins of old Brackenbury Court, the earliest, and, once upon a time, the stateliest of all the homes which the owners of Brackenbury had made for themselves and their descendants. It dated from the reign of Elizabeth, was enlarged and beautified by a certain Sir Anthony Brackenbury about the beginning of the reign of Charles the First ; and was finally besieged, sacked, and fired in 1644 by a body of Parliamentary troops under a lieutenant of the Earl of Manchester. It must have been a beautiful old English house of the Hatfield and Haddon Hall type, when it was in its prime ; and it was beautiful still, as a ruin— so beautiful that seven generations of Brackenburys had left it unmolested in the midst of a wilderness of ancient pleasaunces where rabbits burrowed, and birds built undisturbed, and all wild growths that climb, and trail, and cling from bough to bough, flourished in unchecked luxuriance. It stood, in the olden time, within the park boundary ; but had been cut off long since by a roadway, and left to moulder in solitude. There were many who marvelled why the late lord, instead of building a new house, did not restore Old Court and carry back the park palings to their ancient limits ; but neither he nor his heir would have committed so gross a Vandalism. Old Court, with its fourteen acres ot wilderness, stood for p.ne of the most picturesque and precious pages in their family history, They loved every stone of it — every ivy wreath twined about its shattered windows— every bullet «car upon its battered walls. So the first Brackenbuiy Court held its ground, a nun in the midst of ruin ; the second had its day, was condemned, pulled down, and superseded ; while the thud, commemora tive of an unforeseen prosperity, rose like Aladdin's Palace Hither, then, Herbert Loni Brackenbury returned after twenty-one years of official banishment; hither came Cuthbert Brackenbury to spend his first Oxford vacation ; and here the boy Lancelot received his first impressions of English home-Life. The Italian style of the house, with its terraced gardens and formal flower-beds, its clipped junipers, its fountains and casino, pleased the lads, and reminded them of the sunny land which they still spoke of as 'home.' The younger, perhaps because he was the younger and the more pliant, roll in readily enough with English ways, and took enthusiastically to English sports and pastimes Being sent to Eton, hewent in for boating, cricketing, and athletic games ; hated study ; voted classics a bore ; made numerous friends: and by the close of his first term had become as thoroughly English as any boy in the school. The elder brother was of an altogether different type. It would perhaps be more correct to say that he partook of two very different types, the one English, theother Italian. On thc English side of him, he was silent, studious, selfcon tained; slow to wrath; slower still to friendship; a young man of few affections, few words, few strong likings of any kind. On the Italian side, he inherited that deculiar subtlety which runs in Italian blood ; a subtlety that is neither insincerity nor what we understand as reserve, but rather a kind of intellectual discretion, in itself the most un English of characteristics. His tastes, directed and deve loped by a highly cultivated mother, were entirely Italian. A devoted student of the literature, poetry, and folk-lore of the land of his birth, he was almost as indifferent to classica learning as his younger brother. But there is not much sympathy with Italian literature at either Eton or Oxford, ana Cuthbert Brackenbuiy had to pursue his favourite studies alone ; so Iivingin an attitude of mental isolation which fostered the reticence of his character. For the ordinary pleasures and amusements of school and University life, he cared not at all. He kept a horse at Oxford, but he never nunted ; a boat, but he never raced. He belonged to a club, yet for months together he neyer entered its doors. Society with its manifold observances, wearied and irritated him- For music and the Fine Arts — especially the Arts of the Italian Renaissance — he had that intuitive appreciation which belongs by right of heritage to all who claim a strain of Italian blood ; but there it stopped short. It was an appreciation ; not a gift — not a passion. His one intellectual delight, in short, was Italian literature ; his one physical recreation, boating. Not boating after the manner of Eton and Oxford ; but boating as he had boated in his boyhood on tlie bright waters of the Bay of Naples, with a sail to set before the breeze, a book to read whendriftingand dreaming with the current, and blue above and blue below, and space, and boundless liberty. For all this, and for the mother whom, while she lived, he loved better than all the world beside, Cuthbert Bracken bury mourned in his heart and made no sign. Coming to England before he was sixteen, he had never ceased to feel that he was an alien in a strange land. When, three vears later, his mother died and his home in Naples was broken up, he was still as far as ever from that degree of naturali sation which his birth and prospects demanded. Nor did ?this first great grief tend to loosen the old ties or knit up the new ones. It only caused him to withdraw still further into his shell. It seemed to him, indeed, that the world was emptied of beauty and grace and gentle dignity, and all the charm of womanly culture, when Lady Brackenbury left it. Thenceforth for many a year, the pleasant things of life lost their sweet 6avour. Thenceforth, while duly conforming to the duties and ordinances of college life, he shut himself up more Hun ever in his own prejudices ; and Lord Brackenbury saw with dismay that, although blessed, with the most sober, the most conscientious, the most irreproachable of elder sons, yet that elder son would never be as other young men of the same age and position. That Cuthbert Brackenbury should fulfil to the letter all that his pastors and masters required of him— that he should go steadily and creditably through his examinations— that he should never contract a debt, never commit a folly, never even draw to the full amount of his allowance, was not after all of half so much account in Lord Brackenbury's eyes as that he should become a man of the world, and confer distinction upon the family name. He would have wished his heir to take an interest in politics, to go early into Parliament, to distinguish himself in the Commons until such'time as it might please Providence to call him to his hereditaiy seat among the Lords. He felt that, for his own part, he had lived too much abroad ; and he was sensitively anxious that his successor should turn out a more stay-at-home politician than himself. Personally, he could do little to influence the young man's tastes. The mother's influence had been too early at work for that, and Cuthbert Brackenbuiy's tastes were long since formed and matured. Next to that mother, Mr. Brackenbury loved his brother Lancelot best of all the world, and Lancelot — from the time when he used to be carried up and down the orange walk on his ^brother's shoulder to the day when Cuthbert kissed him good-bye and left Naples for Eton, thought his brother the wisest, thenobiest, the most god-like of the 6onsof men. It was Cuthbert who helped him with his lessons ; who interceded for him when he got into mischief ; who taught him to ride and to swim ; who supplemented his pocket money with surreptitious scudi ; who took him out boating when the bay was smooth and the winds were asleep. It was Cuthbert who told him wondrous tales of Orlando and his sword Durindana, and .of Gan the traitor, and the dolorous route of Roncesvalles ; of Paladin Astolfo and his journey to the moon ; of the siege of Jerusalem and the fatal loves of Tancred and Clorinda ; and of the weird sights seen by Dante and Virgil when they crossed the threshold of that dread portal where Hope was left behind. It was.Cuthbert who taught him endless Stomelli and Canti Popolari — songs of the fishing and the vintage, and the ballad of ' CicirineU',' a sort of Neapolitan Mother Hubbard, who sold hot chesnuts on the Chiaja, and had a wonderful dog that wagged his tail in rhyme. When Cuthbert went to Eton, he still came 'home ' for his vacations — to Naples at Christmas ; to Castellamare at Midsummer ; and by and by Lancelot, as we have seen, out grew home-teaching, and was sent to school at Lausanne. Then, as we have also seen,- Lady Brackenbury died ; and Cuthbert went to Oxford ; and Lancelot was transferred from Lausanne to Eton ; and Lord Brackenbury gave up diplomacy, and divided his life thenceforth between Lan cashire and London. What followed has been told already. We know how, four years later, the great lawsuit, after dragging it s slow length along for more than a quarter of a century, came somewhat unexpectedly to an end, and how final judg ment was given in the famous case of- Langtrey v. Bracken bury. The victor had never doubted of his victory ; yet it came upon him at the last like a surprise. It was a triumph not unmixed with bitterness. It stirred many a long-forgotten memory, and raised the ghost of many a byegone hope. It reminded jhim that for these five or six-and-twenty years of costly strife, not one of which was of his own seeking, he had paid not only with twenty-two of self-imposed exile, but with the loss of the woman whom first he loved, and whom he still remembered with tenderness. That Mabel Langtrey's only child should be involved in her uncle's ruin, mixed yet another bitter drop with the cup of his success. Being a tender-hearted man, he was even sorry for his ancient opponent ; and though he telegraphed the good news to his sons— the one abroad, the other at college — yet when the ringers met to celebrate his victory, he sent down in all haste to stop the bells, that he might not triumph in Stephen Langtrey's ears. When the unfortunate Squire sickened and died, leaving his sister and niece comparatively beggared, Lord Bracken bury became more than ever tormented by remorseful pity. Despite his better reason, he felt as though he were in some sense the agent of their ruin. And then he fell to thinking whether it might not, for their sakeB, be possible to repair the injustices of justice. So, little by little, there grew up in his mind a scheme by means of which the hard lines of destiny might be softened in favour of this helpless pair. 