Latest from Afghanistan, FROM Indian exchanges we extract the following items : THE CIHAZNI HUNT. Ghazi, April 21 General Stewart's force occupied the city this morning. On the 19th a general action took place between the British troops and an armed body of Ghilzais, number- ing 15,000 horse and foot, who were drawn up in a strong position on some low hills to the left of the road, twenty miles south of Ghuzni. The action lasted just one hour. As our troops advanced to the attack, 3000 Ghazis rushed down, overlapping our of inks. The cavalry behaved splendidly, and by charging prevented the Bank- ing movement succeed ing. The Ghosts made the most determined charge right up to the line of our troops, coming on in bodies of two or three thousand at a time, and endeavoring to take the guns. Our troops behaved admirably, and at 10 a.m. the enemy were in full retreat, having lost over 1000 killed, whose bodies were counted on the ground, and having removed many wounded. Our casualties amounted to 143 ; 17 killed and 120 wounded. The- enemy fought with the most determined bravery, Sir Donald Stewart saying he has seen nothing to compare with their rush except when the rebel sepoys charged the Black Watch at Bareilly during the mutiny. Our infantry were steady throughout the severe hand-to-hand fighting, the 2nd Sikhs being particularly mentioned. The Horse Artillery y did great execution, but could not prevent the enemy getting within 300 yards of our guns. Our cavalry suffered worst, Lieutenant Young, 10th Bengal Lancers, whose horse bolted with him when the regiment was ordered to charge right into the middle of the Gbazis, being fearfully cut. Nearly all the wounds are from knife cure, proving how severe was the fighting during the hour it lasted. THE DUMa AT SHERRIN. The Sirdar and Mullicks rode into Sherpur from the city at 11 o'clock, and spent their time until 3 o'clock in discussing current events and admiring each other's wonderful raiment. They were marshalled in due order in the Durbar tent before 4 o'clock, Wali Mahomed, Governor of the city, being placed on the right of the seats assigned to Sir F. Roberts and Mr. Lepel Griffin, the Mustaufi, and the Nawab Gholarn Hussein being just in rear ; while Sirdar Hashim Khan, Abdulla Khan, and other loyal Barakzai princes were given chairs on the right.' The tribal chiefs squatted on the ground just within the shadow of the tent, while such british officers as chose to attend were seated on the General's left. General Does, commanding the 2nd Division, and the Brigadiers, with the exception of General Baker, who is lying ill from an attack of fever, were among the British officers present. A guard-of-honor of 100 men of the 72nd Highlanders, with their band, were drawn up bayonets fixed, and ball ammunition in their pouches on the road leading from the General's gateway ; while small parties of the 3rd Sikhs and 5th Goorkhas were stationed in rear of the tent as an extra precaution. Afghan fanaticism takes, at times, such determined shape, that even in a Durbar a Ghazi might declare himself and it was therefore only wise to be ready for an emergency. It would have fared ill with any fanatic who might have attempted to amuse himself preparatory to entering Para disc, for the Highlanders, Sikhs, and Goorkhas are too old soldiers to care for a knife-cut when their bad ones are ready for use. Sir Frederick Roberts, with his p mental staff, and Mr. Lepel Gi often, chief Political Officer, walked from the headquarters to the tent ; used as the General entered, after the usual honors from the guard, outside, the Sirdar's and Mullicka rose to their feet, and made obeisance with true Oriental humility. The scene was picturesque enough, and yet there was a grim touch of irony in the surroundings for preceding the General, cargo eight High landers with the inevitable fixed bayonets, who opened out on either hand in the tent, and stood to attention in the space between the chiefs and the British officers. Sir Frederick Roberts, native orderlies, and two long-limbed Sikhs, two wiry Pathans, and a pair of fierce little Goorkhas who are always to be found at the General's heels, took up their places behind him, their bayonets shining out among the gold-laced caps of the staff and the undress uniform of the officers of the garrison whom curiosity had prompted to be present. After the preliminary shilling and gather- ing up of robes, the Afghan notables followed the General's example and quietly sat down, the Mullicks falling upon their knees and folding their hands in an attitude of great attention. Sir Frederick Roberts did not receive any of the tribal chiefs, whose position, indeed, would not have warranted such an attention, but immediately opened the Durbar by a short speech, greatly to the purpose. The chiefs listened silently and with the phlegmatic attention they always show in Durbar, and they clearly understood the speeches. Mr. Griffin spoke in Persian, and a Pushtu translation was also read out for the benefit of such as were imperfectly acquainted " with Persian. Such of the British officers as could speak neither language were in the dark as to the Political Officer's declaration, but camp, gossip soon furnished them with a fairly correct translation. CAMP POLITICS. The grimness of the language and the uncompromising terms in which the Sirdar and chiefs were told of our intentions has been approved in camp in the fullest way. Our great hope is that no exigencies of party politics at home will cause a modification ; it would be fatal to our prestige if we had to withdraw from resolutions now made public, The Cabul chiefs had already been told what they had to expect; and the Barakzai Sirdars now learned what decision the Government of India had arrived at. Candahar to be the lies of our independent prince an Ameer to be elected by the voice of the people, who should be friendly to the British and the withdrawal of an army when such a man had been found these were the main points. Hoist was not mentioned, and this is the more sign in front as it was fully known that the separation of Herat from the Duraui kingdom was a sore point, even with our friends in Cabul, The future of that district may well be allowed to drop out of sight for the present, as until it becomes clear who the new Ameer is to be, we cannot possibly under- take to say what shall become of Herat. If he is a man equal to holding Turkestan and Herat as well as Cabul, and to be true at the same time to his friendship to us, we in did so strengthen his hands that he could defy rebellion and intrigue, and make his Government all-powerful from our north-western frontier to the borders of Persia, nivruiiN of' Tim minus season. While the invigorating influences of camp life are keeping men in Afghanistan in a state of mental and physical activity, this is the cheerful picture the Pioneer Afuil draws of the effect of approaching summer on the dwellers in the pinion The charming winter of Upper India is over ; last are the long cool mornings, the pleasant gatherings in gardens for lavvu-teiiiiis, and the friendly talk of passing trifles under the broad unclouded moonlight ; the hearty little dinners with their music ; the ladies are gone to the mountains ; the houses, lately ringing with voices of children, are silent. The lone bread-winner sits at his desk, or moves from room to room of his dark and empty prison and when his foot touches a deserted loy, he starts as if he had grazed a corpse. And the thing is indeed dead, the carcass of a joy that once was scarcely noticed, and which to see also in the last little hands he would not give her much. But it must not be he has his life to live, for them more than for himself, and the burden must be home. Now is the time of heat and lassitude, when the devil is busy at a man's vacant heart, whispering hints of vicious ' distraction, perhaps of the easy escape of a loaded pistol or an overdose of chloral hydrate. He takes a manner refuge in physical or mental exercise. From a hot, woury canter he returns in the morning to his office, where the greasy IJabu and the apathetic Knveth vie in offering him the frankincense of depositions, (he myrrh of reports, the golden treasures of tabulated returns, in the hollow of the hot long day, sleep ovorcomcB him but he rises from it bilious and unrefreshed. He can bear solitude no longer, and drives off to the billiard droop or the racquet court. Thencu let him adjourn to the swimming bath, and plunge his hissing frame into the tepid water. A loathsome dinner at mess or club follows. Shall the frightful ment be described '( The melted glue, the faded tin salmon, the manipulated mysterious centrées, the stringy over- roasted mutton, the scraggy quail, thin ice, reeking of dirty dusters, the fiery wine ("expressly selected for the Indian market"), the vapid conversation of his fellow victims over their heavy manilla and their headache-fraught ' peg.' Away, away ! He will have none of it. Home, what a mockery of the word The bed, heated with the concentrated heat of the day ; the wretched coolie vainly trying to pull the punkah in his sleep for he can sleep, though his master can- not-and the necessity of rising for the next morning's necesssity ride just as nature was beginning to find relief in the lowered temperature. Could young men in England only know these luxuries of the East, no one, we think, would attempt an Indian career while there was the advance of a broom to be got on a cheerful town crossing." CANDAHAR, A telegram from Allahabad, dated May 18,,., states that on the morning of the 11th Colonel , St. John formally presented the letter to Sirdar Shere Ali Khan conferring on him the sovereignty a of Candahar. The ceremony took place in the Wall's house, the city police in the citadel being occupied by us as an arsenal. The chief mollahs, merchants, and other influential townspeople were present, and a large concourse of tribal," chiefs and bullocks. A guard of honor of the 40th Regiment was drawn up with band and: colors in the courtyard. After presGntiogi the letter, Colonel St. John, in answer to a question, stated that, though not mentioned in the Viceroy's letter, it was intended that the West should have the right of having money coined in his. own name. After Colonel St. John had made a brief speech, the Viceroy's presents were brought forward, consisting of a superb sword and belt, diamond studded watch and chain, a clock, some handsome silver plate, and a variety of silk and velvets. General Primrose buckled the sword round the Wall's waist, on which the guard of honor presented arms, and the artillery fired a salute of twenty one guns. The Wah then expressed his profound - gratitude to the British Government formally many favors, and concluded by declaring his 'in- " tention of marking the auspicious day by the abolition of two imposts-the poll-tax on all males not being Durants, and the arbitrary calling in every two or three mouths of all copper money at a fourth of its nominal value and re- issuing it next day at the original rate. Both these are specially obnoxious forms of taxation, the former having been first imposed by the late. Ameer. Sweetmeats and sherbet were then handed round, and the proceedings terminated. They were talking of II, X, " Luckiest fellow I ever knew," said one " everything succeeded with bird turned out just as he wanted." "I don't know," hazards the companion ; "I know of ' some occasions when things went contrary with him." "Both, both, my dear fellow. Why the last time I met him he said to me : ' Here I am, in perfect health, rich, with a charming and lovely wife, fine children, troops of friends, everything that man could v. ish. The only thing I have ever failed in my life in loitering allies!', and that I have never kid and hope never to have Well, Mr, tins fight he was struck with apoplexy and died in ten minutes. There a luck for you." 