HORTICULTURAL SHOW AT THE SYDNEY EXHIBITION. [From oar own. Correspondent.] Sydney, February 19. The Autumn Horticultural Shot? in connec tion with the Garden Palace is now being held; and we may venture to remark that, while the last of this kind was by no means a success, owing to the dryness of the season and the indifference of our leading gardeners to put in an appearance, the present is all that could be desired, and combines features of rarity and beanty such as have never before been seen in any similar collection. But for the fact that the wool exhibits are still' in position the display of plants would have been larger even than it is, the committee having had to refuse many applications for want of space. The Agricnltural Hall is not the best place, in some respects, to show off these treasures of our gardens and conservatories. In its general features it is as plain as a barn door. Four walls, an iron roof, a row of pillars down the centre, some unadorned ampli tude of space for the reBt, constitute a frame work of the moBt unpretentious and unattrac tive kind. Nor do the wool cases and wool bales add any element of poetry to the thoroughly prosaic character of the place. The long rows of tables that run down for half the space with military straightness, with wool on the right and wool on the left and wool in front, require a very vigorous imagination to invest them with any element of the picturesque. Take them as symbols of the princely fortunes that they have helped to build up, or follow them iu fancy through all their devious future, now calling forth the activities of gathered thonsands in the smoky and noisy factories of the mother country, and now reappearing in the blanket that robes an Australian black, or in the product that clothes i the squatter in his free- and-easy tweed suit, or I that with yet higher finish furnishes the ward- j robes of the world with costlier toggery, and you may gather around them associations which will give you a faint gleam of poetry; but even { then the poetry is a mere passing shimmer over what is in very truth a broad subject of unmis takable prose. As, however, you get near that j which is the great featnre of the place jnst now you begin to be conscious of a grace and win someness that are in striking contrast with the bareness that reigns in the northern half of the f hall. A number of flags that hang from the i roof serve to mark the line of separation, and beneath and beyond them the eye rests upon such a glorious blending of all | that is rare and striking in the gathered treasurers of plant and flower that yon hurry on impatient to survey the whole. Around the walls are ranged on tables the choicest flowers ' the most tempting fruit, and some very rare and beantiful plants. Brilliant roses, nendent fuchsias, gorgeous gloxinias, dahlias whose size and symmetry are well matched with the radiancy of colour that paint them, blooms culled from the choicest growths, resplendent in tint and most bewitching in their loveliness, are all there, grouped with such artistry as_makes their contrasted grace to ahine forth with the uttermost beauty. Among them are bouquets for the coat, in which a delicate little ground work of fern is made to bring out the few blooms that smile upon it with great effect; bouquets for the table', which are very pyramids of loveliness; bouquets for bridesmaids, the brightens and thv fragrance of which seem a fitting type of all the joy and sweetness that should go with marriage. Side by side with these is an array of fruits, which, taken simply as a sample of what the land can produce, might well set any one at a distance longing to find a borne in a country so manifestly favoured by Providence. If the spies who went back to their fellows with that sample of the vines of Canaan could only have come upon such a collection aB is here we think it would have in duced them to hurry up to cross the Jordan and join and take possession. Grapes of every kind look up at jou with every variety of colour, looking so large and so luscious that it requires some self-control to vietv the tempting display, so provocative is it of a desire to strike in and appraise their merits by taste as well as by sight. By the side of the grapes are some peaches, whose soft velvety skin and delicate bloom make them to accord well with the fruits of the vine that lie beside them. Some egg plums figure in the lot that are what a friend of ours calls prodeegious. We have heard of a Spaniard who is said to have put his spectacles on when he ate cherries, that he might enjoy the pleasure of seeing them slightly magnified. We venture to think, hou ever, that if he went in for the egg-plums he might dispense With the spec tacles. Apples were there too o£ different kindB, some with deep-red coats that shone again, others with a delicate veining of red and white; others fair on one side and coloured on the other, with a tint like the bloom which is sometimes seen upon a maiden's cheekj others plainer in appearance, but quite as pleasing to the palate — notably some splendid specimens of the russet. Added to these the tables round the walls were set off with some very fine asters, that in their star like beauty won your unstinted admiration. Flanking these the amaranthus lifted up its bright face, and balsams like coy beauties looked out with singular charms, partially hidden by the lnxuriousness of their leaves. But the chief feature of the Show is the four rows of hothouse plants which fill iu the space iu the centre, and constitute what must be Dronouuced for this colony an unexampled collection. The ferns are very numerous and noteworthy, the tree growths standing up like giants of their kind, as they spread out their magnificent branches. Other kinds running down from thence mingle in the collection, until you reach the lightest, airiest specimens, that seem in the delicacy of their branches and in the grace of their perfect leafage a little bunch of soft greenery, that make them quite as attractive in their way as the more pre tentious members of the family that lift their head6 so high and spread themselves out with so much apparent ostentation. The crotons were very namerous, very large, and many of them exceptionally fine in their markings. The same may be said of the dracccnas, some few of which were very con spicuous both for their height and for the rich colouring of their splendid leaf. Of marantas there was an ample representation, among which the Maranta pistorata and the Maranta zebiina particularly took our attention—the first by its large dark leaf, so prettily pensilled, and the second by its velvety look and the splendid markings which give it its name. In Captain Bloomfield'a collection some fine achimeneB, anthuriums, diffenbachiaB, and clerodendrons figured with some beauti ful silver and gold ferns. In Mr. Smart's collection there were noteworthy ex hibits of Oissus discolor, Alamanda hendersonii, the beautiful golden-rayed Japanese lily, and some fine [plants of ixora. In his group there was also the far-famed dove plant from Panama —Peristeria elata— in the bell-like flower of which there seems to nestle the form of a dove in the very heart of all that is bright and sweet —whence it is, we believe, sometimes called the Holy Ghost plart. In the Hon. J. Mask's exhibits, among the very fine achimenes which he shows there figure a splendid Marguerite, a pure white Ambrose vershafelt, and a fine blue flower which fronts it. Begonias abound iu the Show—the coleus figures rather too exten sively—but take it as a whole, the display is simply magnificent. It is a striking instance of the variety and beauty that nature stamps npon her works, and cannot fail to strike the thankful mind with the beneficence of Him who guides nature in her workings. The showery weather which has prevailed of late baB affected somewhat the attendance. The first day the muster was by no means large. As there are now signs of finer weather we may look for an increased gathering. Lady Loftus was present the first afternoon for about an hour, and manifested a great interest in the exhibits. As a graceful compliment to her Lad> ship Captain Bloomfield presented her with a beautiful collection of rare flowers contributed by each exhibitor, and placed in a pretty crystal receiver. In addition to this ahe was also presented with a very choice hand bouquet. In acknowledging the kindness of the donors, her Ladyship took occasion to express her high gratification at the display of flowers, and plan's, and fruits, both for*their superlative excellence and for the taste dis played in their arrangement. 