Wit mh P*ow0r, A great hardship— An iron steamer. Two old friends at Mount Vernou, Illinois would have bad a lawsuit if one had not shot the other in open court. This is an easy way of' preventing lawsuits. The Boston druggist who put up laudanum, for tincture of rhubard was busy telling a. friend a funny story, but a verdict for $5,000 damages sobered him up. Josh Billings says: — 'I never argy agin »? success. When I see a rattlesnaik's head stick ing out of a hole, I bear off to the left and say to myself that hole belongs to that enaik.' It is against the law to carry concealed arms,, yet it is nothing uncommon on moonlight even ings to see yonng ladies with half concealed arms around their waists. The schoolboy will gloat for half a day on the enigmas in a puzzle column ; but when he comas to getting his regular arithmetic lesson he con* eiders it the greatest bore on earth. 'What's fame?' yelled an excited orator,. ' What's fame, that ghost of ambition ! What'* honor?' ' And a weak-minded man in the crowd said he supposed she had clothes on her, as any fool ought to know. Darwin acknowledged himself sold whan his little niece asked him, seriously, what a cat has* that no other animal has. He gave it up after mature deliberation, and then the sly puss answered, ' Kittens.' First Boy—' Where yer been, Billy ?' Second boy— 'Bin fishin'.' First boy— 'Ketch any thin' 1' with an anxious expression on his face Far-seeing second boy—' No ; but I expect ter,. when I git in the house.' Clergyman's wife (who takes great interest in-, her industrial school) : '? Jane Brown, Vm sorry to hear from your mistress that you are nofc dilligent at your needlework. Now, you know who it is that 'finds work for idle hands to* do?'' Jane Brown (artfully thinking to pro pitiate) : ' If you please, m, you do, 'm.' The train had just emerged from a tunnel and a vinegar-faced maiden of thirty summers remarked to her gentleman companion, ' Tun nels are such bores !'— which nobody can deny.. But a young lady, of about sweet eighteen*, who eat in a seat immediately in front of the ancient party, adjusted her hat, brushed her frizzes back, and said to the perfumed young:, man beside her, ' I think tunnels are awfully nice !' ' William, do you know why you are like a donkey ?' ' Like a donkey ?' echoed William* opening his eyes wide, ?? No, I doht.' ' Do yott giveitnp?' **Ido.' 'Because your better half is stubbornness itself.' ' That's not bad. Ha! ha! I'll give that to my wife when I get; borne.' ° My dear,' he asked, as he sat dowa to supper, 'Do you d know why I am like a donkey ?' He waite a moment, expecting his wife to give it up. : But she didn't. She looked at him somewhat 'i commiseratingly as she answered : ' I BuppoBe because you were bonou BO.' _ 343 