It is a constant subject of complaint by ' new chums," and by the old- fashioned importations from the place which is now vaguely spoken of as "the mother coun- try," that Christmas in Australia is not a bit like the same season " at home." Well, there are no doubt many diffeiences, as for instance in the season, the temperature, and tlje mode of keeping the annual festival ; but these are matters which we cannot alter, and probably we would not try to alter them if we could do so. -we do not see why. we should be - compelled to follow England in everything, and we may rather glory in having a Christmas of a distinc tively Australian char'aoter." "We' are even vain enough to think- and " say; that in our observance of the festival— as in all our other spciaVand-political institutions when we talc about them — we are very far ahead of the slow-go.ing" old1 country, across. the water, and will maintain vtfoo " samo malgrd mr Trollope and hiq disagreeable observa tions. Certainly .thq time is a more enjoy able one here than it is in Europe, For our cousins at , the other end of tlie world are freezing with cold, with bare trees and a mantle of snow in the landscape, afraid to put their noses out of doors fnr fear of frost-bite and chilblains, crowding round the fire scorching their faces and contract ing chronic rheumatism in tho spine,, whiie we are seeking our pleasure where Austra lians chiefly love to take it, in the open air, with the fields, ripening to harvest, the trees clothed and fruit-laden, with a warm and bright sunshine which raises the spirits to the proper tension for enjoyment in spite. of the occasional hot wind. Then we have our excursions, pic-nics, fishing and boating parties,, and though last by no means least, our Exhibition, all affording means of enjoyment far preferable to the blind:manf8 buff, dominoes, and ghost stories of the Christmas evenings of " home." But ip all the best features of the English festival we claim to maintain the excellent sentiments and sympathies of opr forefather. Wo have uot lost our charitable disposition towards the poor at this time, although we are thankful that there is not the same pressing necessity for exercising it in this new land as exists in the overcrowded populations of Europe ; and we find that bountiful subscriptions are being raised in Melbourne for relieving the indigent, apd for supplying the enjoyments of the season to charitable institutions. no doubt, in a les demonstrative manner, the same kindly actions aro performed towards tho few needy of the up-country towns. The spirit of hqspitality ig just as hearty and active here as elsewhere, as is shown by the increased traffic on' the railways of pas sengers to -Melbourne and the1 up- country towns in acceptance of invitations to visit relatives and friends ; and we have also the children— a large numher of them, judging by the sohool returns — to whose pleasure we aro accustomed' to especially devote ourselves at this'seasonj and in con tributing to their enjoyment is due uo small proportion of the enjoyment experienced by their parents and friends. Lastly, wo have the same unanimity in observing the holi day, freeing ourselves for a period from the cares of labor and business, - and in giving ourplves unreservedly to the kindly influences of- the season, for our own enjoy ment and the e.njoyment of others. ' We' trust that this influence will continue! to- be transmitted through pcceedin£ generations as long as the world lasts, and that its good effects will increase rather than diminish im the liright future promised' fay, h this fair land of "Aiistralia the Happy." Jn" this hope we are' enabled to offer our. readers. t'ne usual greeting of the "season. ' A".Mbrry | Ohbistmas and a -Happy New YjsleJ'.A The Suez mail steamer Cathay arrived at Albany qn Wednesday, morniug,.. and is ex pected to reach.Hobson's Bay on Tuesday. By a- notice published in another column it will be seen that -the Avaa Mail will pot be pqblished on Tpesday next, in order that the eipploy.ds q£. the office rnqy tajce thp uspal Ohristqias bqliday. The ujanagei' '"Q? the Umpn _Jack Coip- pany, Bercydale (SVIr Berrjman), reports : — The work is being actively proceeded with. The uqrthraain shaft has, been ..sunk tp a depth of 95 feet frorp thp surface, in good promising country, to catch the rich piajce of . stone that has been worked by Hall and Company. Started driving west in the south shaft at a. depth- of 38 feet, gold- bearing leaders makiqg in the drive. Messrs Boyd and party, , holders qf one of the ciaiipi on Murdooli's reef, Bung Bong, finished a crushing of 3q tons at the Monte battery on Thursday, which gave the very fair return of Sdwt.- per ton. The reef, which is over three feet thick, is im proving as it-goes. down, apd Messrs Bqyd confidently name : 12dwt. . per ton for the next crushing. Messrs Coghlan and Larissy and the Avoca co-operative party are on the same line. Another accident oacured yesterday at the crossing .in High street where Mr Peters met with the injuries which capsed hjs death. The Ballarat coach had just started, crowded with passengers, qnd in passing over the crossing referred to, a passenger named Greaves, who liad come from St. Arnaud, was thrown off the vehicle and fell lieaviiy on his head," receiving a severe wound on the forehead. Fortunately Dr McMahon was passing at the time, and gave the sufferer all necessary attention, but he wilf not be able to continue his journey for a day or two. mr Greaves was going to his honie at Balkrat for the .Christmas holidays. . s . The Bung Bong farmers had a narrow escape from a very serious calamity by fire on Tuesday last. The grass in one o.e the paddocks having become ignited, the fire rapidly spread, and at one lime it was thought that crops and homesteads would be in danger, but the residents quickly turnsd out, and, aided by: a .number of men engaged in harvesting operations, the fire was at length extinguished, but not before it had consumed a large quantity of grass. People.cannot be too careful in drinking, especially from a bottle, in the dark, neglect of taking proper precautions in this matter having resulted rather seriously for Mr William Harvey a few days: ago. Mr Ilarvey had come- home after ' working the night shift, and, being hot and tired, thought he would have a drink before ob taining a light, and felt for a bottle which he knew was about half full of porter. The bottle was in the place where he expected to find it, but unfortunately another bottle of the same shape con|aining " washing fluid" had been placed beside it. Mr Harvey got hold of the latter, aud had swallowed a good portion of the contents before he discovered the error. Painful effects soon followed, and Dr McMahon had to be sent for, "and it was not until the stomach pump had been applied that relief was obtained. At one time, we hoar, the case bore a very serious aspect, but Mr Harvev has now quite recovered. Mr William Whitley had a horse severely injured by the common bull on Tuesday. He had sent one of his sons on horseback to bring in a cow, and the boy was passing a clump of bushes when the bull rushed out from them and charged the horse, both horns entering the animal's ribs, and jnst missing the rider's leg. The bull is usually very quiet, and it is therefore supposed that it must have been irritated by someone just before the accident. It is not yet known whether the horse will recover.from the injuries it received. The annual general meeting of the sub scribers to the Avoca Mechanics' Insiitu'.e was held at the institute on Monday eve ning last, the President, the Rev. j. a. Marsland, in the chair. There was a moderate attendance. The lion, secretary's report for the past year, and the auditors' report and balance sheet were read and adopted. a vote of thanks was accorded to the auditors, Messrs j. s. Orabbo and j. Rahilly, for the efficient and prompt mariner in which they performed their duties as such. After, sonie routine business, the election of officers for the ensuing year was then proceeded with,- with : the following result President, 'the Rev. j. a. Mars- land ; vice-president, Mr e. Kelley ; Hon. secretary.; mr Jas. Rahilley; committee, MeRsrsMartiri. Bacbn, Magee, and Green. After ,tho usual .votes .of thanks to the re tiring officersthe meeting, closedi Both Houses o£: Parliament. have- been very busy during the- week, - and have got ".through, a fair amount- .of work. In the Council (lie Railway Bill lias made some progress, and it is -expected to be passed before tlie adjournment for Christmas. the report of the select coramjttee'.qn;. the Totali- sator Bill wns presented on. -Tuesday, and after discussion its adoption was rejected by a majority of three votes, .and the bill is therefore regarded, as lost for ,thi3 session. Several hills lately received from the As sembly have, been advanced a stage, and on Wednesday a Supply, Bill for £925,000 was passed. In the Assembly members have given their atteution chiefly to financial matters, and good progress has been made in committee of supply. . The bills for the continuance of the beer and "tobacco duties have been kisposed of. the imposts being only authorised for the present until th«? 31st August. After some discussion it was agreed to adjourn the House at its rising for the Christmas holidays until tho 15th February. ..Several bills of minor import ance have also bepn dealt with. It is ex pected that the House -will sit to-day to clear up remaining business before ad journing. One of the most welcome accompaniments' of the season, Pun-h's Almanac, lias made its appearance' with commendable . punc-: tuality, and. the number issued for this year is quite equal in. the humor, the letter press, and the comicality of the pictures to anv of the preceding issues. Those of our readers who wish to slinke off the old year influ ences, and cultivate; the proper spirit of mirth and jollity /in. which to spend tho festival season cannot do Abetter than pur chase: a copy of the;publicatiori named, and it will certainly, bo i.effective.for-the purpose. It is published ts at; /sixpence, and may be procured at Mr Weston's- news agency. !v Wo remind our'reade'rs "that a very in teresting day's am n semen tubas'1 been pro vided at Moonambel for 'Boxing- Day, when a series o'e sports, with/, good -"prizes will beheld, and the .proceedings, will close in the evening with a iponc'ert.jthb proceeds of the affair will ; be .-.used- to . pay off the debt on the oliurclrorgan. r| A small boy at Geelong gojb possession of five shillings and forthwith- invested it in a bottle of brandy,', and invited two com panions to share it, when one of the young gnes.ts/eight years old. became so ill that he had to be taken tp.the hospital. :k. r A child twelve months-old 'died afcDubbo a few days ago through having swallowed' some bar hoi ie .acid: / Mr John Gordon, architect, of Wagga,' was drowned on- Sunday- evening white bathing. - " ' 1 Trie cricket rpatch "between the Australian Eleven ' and eighteen of .-Tasmania was won" by the eleven with Gvq""wickets to sgare. x''" - 1 -- The will of the late Judge Barry was proved yesterday, The testator's estate is worth £10,500. aqd lie leaves £500 each to two nephews, Georg.e and Henry Broadley, and the balance to JVTrs l.o'dsa Barrow, of Mulgrave, near Melbourne, for distribu tion amongst her four children. ? a child died of sunstroke at Epjiucq yes terday through being allowed to play in the sun. The proprietors of the Sydney JBultetin offer a. reward of £1000 for the discovery of the fate of Leichardt, daring robbery was committed at st Francis's Ghurcli Sydney on Sunday, when ayaan carried off tile poor-box. He was captured, and awarded- a mouth's imprison ment,'/".;'' Tlie Mayor of Adelaide has issued 400 5s. tickets to be distributed as Christmas gifts among the poor in Adelaide. For undervaluing dutiable imported machinery Messrs. Clayton , Shuttleworth, and Co. were fined by the, Customs Depart ment £1500. Tliey have paid £1000 iu satisfaction of the amount. Qolonial cholera is very prevalent just now, saj's the ilf. A. Mail, a large number of persons attending the hospital daily. The principal cause of the disease being the eating of unripe fruit, people should be cautious in the use of it. An All England Eleven of professional cricketers is expected-to visit the colouies at the end of the year. Tlie Minister of Railways on Wedne?- day refused to grant free passes for mem bers of boards of advice to attend a con ference iu Melbourne, and at the same time intimated that'after the 1st of January he intended to stop issuing free passes to Victorians and yictoruui institutions. . Tlie demand for fowls at the present time (says the Mount Alexander Mail) is most extraordinary, nor is the fact of the ExliibiLion sufficient to accoqnt for it. It appears that the immense vessels oE the Orient line are fitted up with a refrigerat ing room, and the' carry, on account of their cheapness here, sufficient poultry to answer the return journe3r. The district, at the rate sales are now going on, will soon be denuded of everything iu the shape of feathers. a large number of Sydney people are leaving for the Melboqrne Exhibition. a juvenile fire brigade has been fully organised in Ballarat. and consists of 24 members, the eldest of whom is 13 years of age. They have-obtained uniforms, and apparatus. a monster circus is announced as about to arrive direct from New Zealand. The marquee will accommodate 6000 persons. a 40 horse power engine has been hired to work the electric light which is to illumi nate the circus. In tlie programme of shipbulding for the ensuing financial year in Great- Gritain pro vision will be made for laying down three new ironclads. They will be of the smaller classes, though carrying a- power ful armament. a little child, two years old, lias been burnt to death at Orroroo, owing to her spilling kerosene over her clothes. a little fellow who endeavoured to put out the fire was also burnt, but not dangerously. a lad named George Bailey, aged 15, was sentenced to death for a criminal as sault on a girl aged 12, but the sentence lias been commuted to three years impri sonment. a large reef has been struck at Bourke's Claim, Temora. The specimens are won derfully rich. There is great excitement among the elairuholders in the neighbour hood. This stone is studded witli small gold. Kate Kelly has gone to Adelaido under engagement to an hotel keeper. Tlie telegraph boys in Sydney are to be mounted on tricycles, by which the Go vernment expect to make a saving oE £600 per annum in horsefeed and saddlery. It- may be safely predicted that the tricycles will very soon give place to bicycles, the latter being so much more easily worked and managed. Gporge Gordon, alias Giles, sentenced at the Maryborough General Sessions last week to th ree years .imprisonment for gar- rot in g, with intent to rob, made a daring attempt to eseape from custody on Wednes day. -He, with two other prisoners, was on the railway plalforui to be taken to Mel bourne by the -thirty-five minutes past ten train, in charge of Constables Considine and Berne, when Gordon slipped the handcuffs and bolted. He jumped tho railway fence and ran towards the Chinese Camp; Considine fired twice and missed tlie prisoner. he then gave chase, calling out, "Stop him:" Near the Chinese Camp a lad named Graham, about 15, cleverly tripped Gordon1 and sent him sprawling, and this enabled the constable to overtake him. Gordon was- re- handcuffed and brought back to the train, and sent to Mel bourne. a large depntai ion from the Municipal Association of Victoria, accompanied by over twenty members of Parliament, held an interview with the Chief Secretary on Tuesday, in reference to the distribution of the endowment to municipalities,. Tlie as sociation objects to the cutting down of the vote, and also to the. -/proposal of the Go vernment to : distribute, and contends that, until the new Local Government Bill is passed, the subsidy should continue at the old. raLe and also dis bursed as of old. They further argued that in the event of the reduction in the vote being agreed to, the £100.000 should be distributed pro rata. Mr Berry pointed out that the act under which the endowment was granted having expired, and with a falling revenue, the local bodies could not have grumbled had the Government declined to placeanysumon theestimates for the second half of his financial year. He did not oppose a prorata distribution if desired by tlie mu nicipalities, but declared that if Parliament .decided to raise the vote, to the old sum of £155,000 for the half-year, it would have to submit some new taxation to meet the expenditure, as the Government had no money, The subject . was discussed at great length, and the. interview terminated without any actual .decision being arrived at, but it was tacitly understood that the subject would be argued out iu the House.. Australian Hair Restorer is confidenfcly recommended as being far superior to English and American preparations (no matter how grqat their pretensions), aud muoh cheaper. It thoroughly cleanses the head from dan- drlff, -promotes now growth, and a single bottle .will posifcivuly restore grey or faded hair to its original color aud beauty. Pro prietors — Clemes and Bartleman. Retailed by all Chemists in tlr colony. Price, 3s 6d. Agent— W. Goodshaw — Advb. Sensible Advice.— You are asked every day through the columns of newspapers and by your druggist to use something for your dyspepsia and your liver complaint that you know nothing about. You get discouraged spending money with but little success. Now, to give you satisfactory proof that Greeu's August Flower will cure you of dyspepsia and liver complaint, with all its effects, such as sour stouiach, sick headache, habitual costive- ness, palpitation of the heart, heartburn, water brash, fullness at the pit of stomach,: yellow skin, coated tongue, indigestion, swim ming :Qf -the head.' iow spirits, etc,, we ask you to go to your- druggisP and "get a sample bottle of Green's August Flower for .9d, or a regular size'fpr 4s'; two fioses" will cure yqu.j AlT-./clieinisfa s'/VVb'olesale ; agents;. ..Rocke,; Tomjjsitt and Co>. Melbourne:"- - 