THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. The seventh session of the New South Wales and Queens land Conference commenced in the Centenary Church, York-street, last evening. At the appointed hour, the Provident, the Rev. Joseph Oram, called upon the secretary, the Rev. F. Firth, to call the roll, when the following .Oiiiiis'tei*s responded to their names Revs. J. Oram fracturing president), J. Watkin, H. H. Gaud, S. Wilkinson, B. Chapman, J. B. Waterhouse, J. H. Fletcher, W. J. Davis, J. Somerville, W. Moore, J. Bowes, W. Clarke, W. Curnow, W. Hill, W. Kelynack, D.D., H. Mack, J. W. Dowson, W. Fletcher, B.A., R. W. Orton, G. Woolnough, M.A., G. Martin, W. G. B. Stephenson, R. Caldwell, S. W. Baker, F. Firth, J. A. Nolan, F. Tait, G. Brown, W. Wilson, J. Clifton, C. Olden, H. W. T. Pincombe, It. Sellors, C. Wiles, H. Woodhouse, W. E. Bourne, C. Stead, J. Gardiner, G. Lane, E. D. Madgwick, J. S. Austin, R. A. Corner, J. W. Brown, W.. Johnston, J. Osborne, J. A. Waddell, W. Weston, J. G. Middleton, M. Olav, J. W. Moore, W. G. Taylor, W. H. Beale, J. AVoolnougk, li. Youngman, G. U. Glasson, T. li. Gibson, G. A. Reeve, AV. li. Rogers, W. W. Rutledge, li. Fox, C. W. Graham C. Torry, G. Thompson, J. Scale, J. King-, W. C. Thompson, F. Dues- bury, L. Parr, J. G. Martin, and J. C. Warner. The usual opening devotional service was then proceeded with, after which the Dunsinane spoke as follows :-" My dear Fathers, Brethren, and Christian Friends in retiring from the one which I have held for the last twelve months, I do so with gratitude to Him whom I have endeavoured to serve. I often felt the responsibility of the office. But I may say I have i ried to perform its functions : as Well and As faithfully as I possibly- could. learn truly; thankful to God for the health, strength, and help he has given me. The office brings its anxieties and labour!!, Still it was frequently a means of grace to me, because its duties and responsibilities led me to pray more than probable I should have done if I had not had them. I am happy to say I am not worse in my physical state, and I, am sure I am not in my spiritual, for the extra duties I have had to perform. For the respect, kindness, and help I have no- ; ceived from my brethren in the ministry, I desire to' express my thanks. The secretary has been very kind and' helpful. He is a good secretary, and deserves the thanks of all. I am happy to say we have had peace within our borders. That is a blessing. Peace in the Church is the great blessing. Indeed, peace in the conscience, peace' in the family, and peace in the nation is a great blessing; ; not less so in the Church. The God of peace has been with us, making us in the main of one heart and mind. '. How good, and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity:" mere difference of opinion sometimes is not disunion. There may be considerable diversity of opinion on some subjects, but at the same time the truest oneness, and the purest fraternal affection. Thank God, we hold the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace. This is indispensable for true Church prosperity. An earthly kingdom is never more prosperous than when it has peace, nor the Church of Christ than when her ministers and people are all of one heart, striving together for the faith of the Gospel. As in dividual Christians we pray that the peace of God may keep us, and we must pray that the peace of God may keep his as a Church. I am thankful, not only to be able to say we have had peace within our borders, but in some of our circuits reviving influences of the Divine Spirit. . Converting power has attended the preaching of the Gospel, especially in some places AA o must ever tooth or -not Ministers officers and members of the Church, all must ever look for that, and not act without realising u Our felt and acknowledged need is the baptism of the Huh iSpint Floods upon the dr) ground, not merely drops, not only the day, not merely the small ram, but Hoods upon the dry ground The services of the Church may be in all conducted, and the sermons beautiful, thoughtful, and clo iquant, but the whole is no better than a body without life in the absence of the divine power that sanctified and b i es My mind is more and more impressed with the importance of being a spiritual and a host Church Women's not be a. wealthy, nor a learned Church, but we may, and must be, a holy Church Just as we are conformed to the image of our Great Head, we shall be vessels fit for the Master's use God cannot use a dead Church, of corrupt Church, a formal Church, a Church that thinks of nothing but numerous rites and ceremonies There is great danger in our day of soul striving oblige us forms for religious life, ceremony in display for spiritual excellences 01 being satisfied with a une i inch and a large congregation If I fear and died i us lung is to ourselves as it is cordiality in our Church meetings and most ship It is pleasing to see everything done decently and in order, but it is sad for people not to go in thou thoughts and aspirations beyond the mere extent Is of Acheron final hearing, formal preaching, formed prayer, and foimilpiaiso alone in the Bars of God, s sounding bra s, or atinkhnD cymbal God at one period of the history of His Church said, Take thou may from me the noise of thy songs, for I will not hear the melody of the viol" One great end we have to guard i garnet is religious formality We never had so many places or wm hip so many hearers, so many members, so many Sunday schools, so mum ministers in this colony as non But we must remember that the real pros plenty of the Church does not lie in numbers, but in the Holy Spirit possessing and pervading the whole The abiding presence and influence of the Holy Spirit will save us as a Church from formality, and over make actively and zealous We must never lose our ancient character ' 411 at it and always at it Our Methodism must continue to be a Christianity in earnest We must be zealous- Our re ii mustbepuio, not strange flames, not peculiarities, notice eccentricities But zeal that springs from faith in Christ, and love to the souls of men-not mere official zeal, but feel that will look at a man direct in the face, and as earnestly and affectionately -are you sailed i I wish we had more of such zeal AA e must not let our relations friends-, and neighbours remain in sin and in the world without making direct letter is to save them There is in the Church plenty of indefinite and indirect zeal, we want more of that which is truly genuine Am I wrong in saying there is is not only danger of being for me, but of being too quiet irreligion? God's book pi announces wore on those who are at ease in Zion Such appear unconcerned in matter s of the greatest moment, cold and dead in things of the greatest importance about which they ought to be all spirit and lite I do not object to a little noise, when there u something to make noise about I have no objection to a little excitement and enthusiasm sometimes such as tait David possessed and over eased when he said O ' taste and see that the Lord is good blessed is the man that ^tiustothin him in the world of human life, outside there is any amount of enthusiasm You may hear its voice and see its action lives on every hand 1 rue Methodism has, and will have its manifestations It is a sprightly and spirited thing It is not by any means destitute of fervour Its past history shows that If we are drones and do nothing but him and make a noise, it will go before us and expose our ideas s, and ma tasty, our Empty sounds and lamenting pi of casions If it is true that Methodism is Christianity in earnest, a real Methodist is an earnest man His Christianity is a living, operative principle there is a glow in it, there is heat in is a fire in it, a bubbling in it, a springing up into everlasting life I have no sympathy with the notion that we must be quiet in reliDion, no stir, no noise at all, no enthusiasm at all no excitement, no manifestation of heated affection and feeling People may be of full of feeling and excitement every where, and in everything else in literature, in science in commerce, and in politics, but in religion and in the house of God we must be quiet so that will not do. It is not only until of the spirit of our forefathers, but the nature of the relic, on and teaching of the New Testament It will be remembered that the word rendered lead in the New Testament is derived from another word that means to boil Is boiling water cold i If you have any doubt about it you may solve the doubt in a moment by simply putting your hand into it is boiling water quiet? Just confine it a little, it will soon tell you that it is neither cold nor quiet I have no idea of a cold quiet religion A religion that note speaks for Christ, that never tries to bring a soul to Christ, and that leaves the aus tenance and promotion of the Saviour's Ki iDdom to others that is not Methodism, that is not Christianity I think I am not saying too much when I say that our Church is affluent in means to keep the celestial flame, and the hot) fire burning in the soul . And I am sure our people never do better in their spiritual life than when tÜov¡reDulail} and 'earnestly use them I should like just for a moment to notice one of those means I refer to the class meeting We greatly value it as a means of spiritual edification, comfort, and preservation to our people in the Christian life. It is religious fellowship, one great principle of God's book ' The they feared the Lord, spoke often on to another ' ' Come all ye that fear God, and I will tell you what He hath done for my soul' 'set forth mg the assembling of yourselves together as the manner of some is Hence it is like the plot of the Old Testament and the Christianity of the now to meet our class meetings fellowship But, say soma, keep it never let it go We should be sorry for it to be given in , the Church would never prosper without it as it he is done with it but do not have it as a condition of membership is five it simply a a Christian privilege My reply i if it I o i non of as a condition of Church member that, in time vi of shouting out in together, as wekaveothor goods or- and Methodism would not be in the future a living power as it has been in the past My deep and solemn conviction is that if we had not had such an arrangement w o should not have been as a body of Christiana what we are to day Under the lavatory people become converted, then they desire to be regarded as members of our church, accordingly are expected to meet in class, and for them it is a blessing; it is so as the class is by means of stimulating and of keeping them in the good way Other Churches have their condition or membership Boceiv ing the sacrament of the Lord's Supper is not a condition of membership many of the Evangelical Churches People have to submit to certain regulations and rules before they can be regarded as members Ours is to meet for Christian communion, in each meeting is a most suitable application of the principle of Christian fellowship as contained in the New Testament Dr Pike), in his writings, states that there is nothing in the modern Churches approaching so near the fellowship of the apostolic Churches, as that which exists among the modern Methodists The last Irish Conference passed the following resolution That considering the important place which the loss meeting occupies in the history of Methodism, and its great value as an edifying means of grace, we desire to express our deep conviction that this institution should be maintained in unimpaired influence, ; and, if possible, rendered more generally useful W That was a declaration to march in the loss meeting, and to improve it, if possible Brethren, do I not impress your' feeling when -I say to all aasconvAjip this valuable, and instructive institution is our Chart t? Do I not say I what is true ix hen I key the close next ing under God, has been the blood and life of our body, and the xci- keystone of our spiritual superstructure J Shall we are of up a chair you precious and Scriptural Shall we say at six thing to xx cured, I or to be with it, in the estimation of others'' God forbid Let us try to improve it, and make it more edifying audio fltLblo Lotus never hpr-ikliorhtlj of it. It has been, and is still, too useful to be, so we need If aux speeds. 1 pride of it trent 1 until s you we did 0110 who speak lightly of an old courtyard andbenofnrtor Indeed let usnotbomdifiennt with regard to any part art of my churches are mEntion Some- times there is a disposition in spring at once open to give up parts of Methodism Unit 15 1 mistake, to blythe least xi c never do better than when we venture J and vigorously Work our (church system While xx c are giving up 01 hurt- in.; with lmliileieuco some parts of Mt thodism, other churches are risen tacking- on to their church at stems is much of our-, as their church polity will allow it he celebrated Eei Iv V It is of l3iinnn0h use, as a member of a deputation of ï\on-couiJoimi£t ministers to the scrub Conference, sold in his address, I heartily wish one could, somehow or other, transport to our boil -xx but seems to have flourished so lu-atrimtlj m i ours-I meet the losses meet me,' ' He supposed the conference and the class meeting in Unit, and he hoped it would be li three tons trust rd keep it in its entirety We are now in more prosperous in wh in our church organisation it. worked in the central en- curse than when xvV keep up our class meetings, our prix or meetings, our box of easts, our tender' meetings our quarters firsts, our society nectarines, as well as the worn public essayists of the church let us work our circuits It is no use to talk and pray for church press], city If that be not done If our circuits d ) line the church qccIilcj If the circus proper, the church prospers Oin references and dis- till t meetings and oXLontixo cor writings may pass resolutions hjcI frame I was up to the work, of God, but it is for the circuits to maintain and to carry on God's wo. K, 10 that we must be faithful to the work of God in our cn cuits not only the unusual, but the class [leader, the Sunday-school teacher who on her letter, the local preacher and the trustee All must be faithful A\ 0 must start In the old landmarks, ordering them as much as possible to the altered circumstances of at a time and place Let the institutions of Methodism be vigorously, maintained the doctrines of Methodism so earnestly and faithfully preached, and the people of the Methodist Church be held in heart and life, unitedly devoted to Christ and to the salvation of men, then God, the God of our fathers, will bless us We have a great deal to do in this colony In the city, in the suburbs, and in the intron 111 the way of oran generation W 0 must be careful to take hold of the large population If we fail in that, -xx a shall most "seriously tail in the country, altogether in o'! el dine; to the religious wants of the bush, we muotuotli se sight of the car and town "Behave a great deal to do annually I think of our foreign "Vii sunnix Society the entire responsibility of which we shall soon hax 1 to take The Church Extension Society xx e ought to be oouigxwi much more for and with that society thiinxiL nrudomertat present I think of our Children's mil Edueitiou 1? linda also of our new college at Stanmore 1 also no great cause local interests which must have the sympathy and support of the Methodist people I wish we could return a ' Thanksgiving Fund' It would be a great dIcsiuis, I am. sure we have as much to be thankful for in these colonies as our Wes lives inends have in Ensrl rid, who have raised in that way £500 000 May God pain upon our colonial churches the spirit of holmes, cal., and liberality J" The P tr edlNT then called upon the members of the Conference to fleet his successor in the chair The result of the ballot was the election of the Rev 11. ICclvaack by 46 votes , only one other in sister receumgmoro than one vote HioPuxsidem elect then took his seat upon the platform to eased the m inn i of office, me said -Mr e\ Pres dent Ldbreihien -T thank you for the vote of this evening finely is an ox pression of your esteem and con Moree Ven I to a him that the then what of the position in which you action his place I me had sister passed beer of the mind as an object of poss be imminent I should belle some of the motions on h lies of the b)£-oLctimo Butters with iHsinccntv affirm that is my exper face has widened and a keener sense of the responsibilities of life has grown upon me I h o felt less powerfully the attract ions of official position, began o I have learned with greater force its duties indoors tions So that the same fiction with which I accept a man' of honour at your horse's is tempered by the thought that the honours is associated with a series which will demand whatsoever of judgment and coldly fidelity I cm buns to be one lit 1 shall, however, respect your cp thence by a faithful discharge of the duties of this police and though my aptitude for this land of work may not be so conspicuous as that of -one others who have pic- dod mc in this post I yet may of bol 1 to Saw), that 11 loyalty) to Methodism, and the desire and purpose that have never wavered, to give it my best service, and through it to promote the" moral and religious welfare of this community, and build up Ino truest interests of the kind and I so in h love, I am no behind the office best of them all Among the man though s which as a serious life this calls up one of the most prominent is that which reads as to identity in) kin in Australia with the history of the Church My chronology to right takes an ecclesiastical character, and I am led to re low the past not simply by the procession of the suns but yet more by another process showmen has regard to the development, powers, and promise of the cause with which if is our honour to be associated It was my propose to attend the not Australasian Conference that held is session in this church twenty) one years ago That was the point of the early spring time, ours is the opening- fulness of the plenteous summer In that the mission period when we passed from being simply a mission of the parent body, into the organized completes ss of the Methodist Church, of the Southern World, the wit crs that had gone forth from the door of our sanctum had reached but the first thousand habits, and v citi- the inUes mee months) have flowed o yard another thousand, and are now to the knees To day the) ire sw coping forward in their course of another thousand and will then reach the loins, while on this so earn as of that which the pit and saw it A man, w ( may s is that there is life vihithereoevi the river cometh in the end a the geographic limits of the work on this northern seaboard were far other than they are now when Qu-î°*islai d figured as a solider circuit win one minister, now she appears like a fruit ful mother roll in young lad flowing interests that our ino land from the far north to ''the distant west of her territory, Then Maitland was the only circuit in the Great Southern districts, have now there about ment) then Bathurst with its associated plains, was our chief centre of operations in the Western districts Now our troubles spread to a network through that rich and important territory Then Goulburn was the only circuit in the South vvhilonowour station struck in line will the viz) from Mittagong on the other side to her distant Hay and Hair nald and Wentworth itself figures in our minutes showing that we have heard then Macedonian cry, and intend to go over and help them Then one of - court was occupied on the coLit so ink, or b donor, where no i about eight til its th a number ply their operations The progress v high come for to us in our own Conference has been equalled, and in some instances, exceeded in our sister Con services in some of which thedivobpment has been so marked that it has more than minutes the forecasts and prophecies of the most san -mine LoOi ing out from our purely) colonial worn to the field of our missionary operations here and the outlook testifies of eve--vYideniii'ä' enterprise and of over growing success, and Tonga and Fiji, Samoa and New Britain all combine to witness s hat the w wilderness and the salt in place Uno become glad for us, and that the desert has rejoiced and blossomed as the loss Regarding the development within the period I have named in point of numbers the results are such its are calculated to pi ox oka our satisfaction and to claim our gratitude Turn we had WOchurchcs now, taking hoictj-nsoftholastgeneialcon ference as our guide, who have 2101 then we had V) ministers, now we have 423 then no had 29 sabbath schools, now we have 278 than we had lD,ti3 s hole is now we have 131 133 , then we had 17 1897 church members now we have 17,57 than we had 82 311 attendants at public worship, no v we have .331,862 then we had no colleges, now we have a, added to which the e and one of the ng institutions ; while the Press is represented by fourvigoioas weeklies, of the in connection with each Conference Hero then, within comparatively) speak nor, so short a space we have a growth in all our ki cat Church interests which we do well to mark There are times in the of perience of most of us when under the in sense of those feelings of heaviness and discouragement that creep over the "iron seasons of weakness, vi of are in danger of failing to estimate with just appreciation the successes which God has given usL to-night wondered take a juster and more hopeful Kitrv ov, and as we note the facts we have named and all the inspiring lessons which those facts so plainly to ch, we would not fail to recognise, with feelings of the 150th t gratitude and confidence, know clearly they establish the truth that the blessing of our f author's God is upon us, and upon the whole of our hands But that which is of equal or of greater importance to us, in the perpetuation of this work on a scale and with an oUectiv c less which shall make the future a fitting sequel to the past That there are difficulties around as I shall not attempt to deny , but difficulty is a school for the culture of wool in noticed an 1 difficulty itself is half conquered w, hen it is met by a spirit of high unblushing courage We have nothing to fear it we only maintain our loyalty) to those five it truths with the proclamation of which we no charged, and go forward, strong and enthusiastic, in the conviction that disposing labour,saepircd by the love of Christ and blessed with Heaven s pledged help unions, will make us strong to conquer the world, and to defy the Devil Brethren, we are building for eternity, and therefore it become me to build well I trust the Conference will be in every le pest a b appy one, that all our so sions will be marked by the spirit of wisdom and of understanding, and of the fear of the Lord, and that when we go forth again to our high duties, we shall go forth full of faith and of the Holy Ghost The Rev F Firth was re-elected to tho office of secretary b) 40 votes, only two others receiving more than a single vote. . Mr. Firth briefly returned thanks for this renewed mark of the confidence of his brethren in the ministry, and undertook to perform the duties of the office with unabated assiduity. ThoRox'g.-Gcorgo LauoandC. Stead were elected assistant secretaries. On the motion of the Rev. W. CijAbkiî, a unanimous vote of thanks was awarded, to the Rev. Joseph Oram for the ability and fidelity with which he had performed the i duties of President of the Conference for the past year. The Conference adjourned until 10 a.m. this morning. the "Conference yroycr-mcotinfr' closed the, busing of.'. .tthfl.ovenina,,. . ' ~ """'. 