JUST AS I AM Br the Author of "Lady Audrey's Secret," "Taken at the Flood," "A Strange YVorld," "Bead Men's Shoe?," " YYeavees and Weft,'1 &c.;, &c.; Chatter 2xyix. (continued).— Drifting Apart. Air. Haldimond camo to Fairviow as often as the many duties of his parish would aliow him, and he was one of tho few people whose society. Sir -Evcrard enjoyed. The curate was a . scholar, a man of wido culture ; . and schoinrs .wero rare within a ten milo radius oi Auslliorpc, m winch rural district men gavo their minds chiefly to sport and agriculture, and tlionght they knew all that lifo coiud teach them when they had learnt how to chooso a horse, and were acquainted with the elements of far riery.' Air. Haldimond was made welcome at Fairviow. Ho dropped in whenever be liked ; and, it seemed to , Duicie .that ,hcr' lather Was always " happier . and more at his ease with her 'when Air. Haldimond. Was' present then when he and she we're alone.- If tho curate came in at tea time Sir Sverard would join bim in tho morning, room, where Mr.'Haldi- mcild unconsciously- had appropriated to himself Morten's particular chair. Ho was a, /desperate tea drinker, and had almost lived upqa tea and bread and batter during his busy life ! in "White chapel. "My dinner was always a moveable feast," ho said gaily, " and there were days when I forgot te dine. Bnt at whatever hour I camo in my housekeeper always brought mo a pot of strong tea and a plate of substantial bread and batter ; and you havo 110 idea how woll E throve upon that schoolgirl diet. I had no sucii luxuries as you glycine, Miss Conrtonny, nono'of theso dain tinesses in tho way of cake and toast, and' I am afraid you and Austhorpo are spoiling mo 'for the hattleof life." , " You seem to work very hard at Austhorpc,'.' said Duicie, " though you came hero to rest. " "I could not live without work of somo kind ; but hero I only play at . working. ' Yon .'havfc no idea what work means in a London, back-shun, or of the despair that creeps into a man's" mirid when he finds himself iif tho middle' of avworld where everything is wrong, "and - feels liis in capability of setting it right." ... >! ; " But I daresay you did a grcat 'deil ol good ?"-. saidDtilcie. ' ' I did what .1 could. I rolied.thejbig stphe a little way up -the hill. I filled a fw of the Bot tomless buckets. I cleansed .ono liitle co'rncr of the Augeanstable, and I daresay by thistime that particular corner is jnst asvdirty as all the rest. Yes, -Aliss Courtenay, it is'.dishoartoning work. Yon who livo amoiig green 'fields, whore some thing of tho freshness and simplicity oi nature still remains in the hearts of; men, can hardly imagine the horror of London poverty." Everybody at Austhorpe liked Air. Haldimond. His cheerful, erfcrgotic, active .'temperament con trasted delightfully with the languid' graces of Mr. JIawk, v,;ho, finding that he -.would not bo allowed to carry out his own particular ritual in niy Is fulness, had contented himsolf with a very sleepy performance of his antics, reserving all the forces of his intellect for future exercise in a more congenial sphere. Tha parish Aad thus been in a great manner left to take care of itself, and it awakened to new lifo under Air. Haldimond's vigorous administration. Dulcio was very glad "that Sir Everard should make a friond of the new curate — indeed, he of all men was the friend she would hayo' chosen for her father, for she had a strong ' belief in his goodness, his wide sympathy with all human sorrow. Not once had the father and daughter talked confidentially together since their' Home-coming. Each seemed carefully to avoid' unreserved con versation. AYhon they talked together it was always.of indifferent matters, of art or literature, or the events of the day. ' Of their own lives, their own foelings, neither spoke. One day Sir Everard told Dnlcio that he meant to take her to Egypt in tile late autumn. " My doctor says Egypt will suit me," he said, '"and I dare say you will like to go there." "Very mnch. I have always wished to see'. Egypt." - ' "I am glad of 'that. And intie- jrielntime, now that you- havo an .agrccabio friend in ijady Frances, I suppose yon will not mind staying at Fairviow." . . ... ... ... .... . , , " Noj -papa ; I- am quite content to be at Fairvicw."' This was triio,' for although Duicie had'felt at first that it wotiid'b'e intensoly paihful for her tp bo in tbo neighborhood of - her discarded lover, that tho knowledge that he was near her, the dread of meeting him, would make life a burden, she had gradually grown accustomed to the idea that all was ended between them, and to think of her engagement sadly, but as a thing of tho past. It seemed so long ago sines she had been utterly happy iu tho gladness of a girlhood that had lacked n» blessing that earth can give.' She thought of herself and her bygone happiness as it she had been thinking of another person. Sho thought of tho Arorton Blake whom she had known and loved as some ono who had pissed from this earth altogether. AAtorton Blake re mained, hut not the one who'had loved her. She fancied she could meet 'and speak to him as to a stranger, almost without a pang ; so completely had sho resigned herself to the idea that their parting was irrevocable. that under no circum stance could they ever renew tho broken tie. Sho met Dora Blake one day in the village, and paused shyly, blushing crimson, and afraid to speak. But Aliss Blake took hoth her hands, and held thorn lovingly, looking at her with, un altered affection. " " Why, Dnlcio, wero you goingtopass me by?" she exclaimed. - " I did not know what to do," faltered Duicie, with tears iu her eyes. "I thought you might be angry with me." "Angry with you ; no, sweet love. Whatever might happen I should never blame you. I know my Dolcie's lovely character too well. I am sorry, dear, very sorry, that things should havo fallen out as they have, but I cannot blame yoa-ior obeying yonr father." , > Not ' ono hard word about Sir Everard. Dulcio felt' unspeakably grateful. "Dear Miss Blake, you are always good. -You are abic'fo 'pjfy and understand every one. I hope Tiny andHoratia are not- very- angry with me." ' - . Tiny is apt to be'a little unreasonable," c'aid Miss Blake, " and Horatia has rather a hard way of looking at things. But they were always fond of you, dear, and I think what they feel most is being deprived of year socioty. I should jike to come and see you, love, but I feel that it is better for me to stay away. Your father might think that I was trying to bring you and Atorton together again. In any case I do not think he would care to see mo at Fairview." Duicie felt in hqr heart that Aliss Blake, was right. ' ' " It is a sad loss for me," she said. " There is 116 ono— after my lather— that I love better than you. I am ever so much happier now that I know, you hayo not.tumed against me." . - Duicie went home with her heart considerably lightened, and played lawn tennis with Frances Grange, Lord Bevillo and Air. Haldimond, with something of her old gaiety. The sunk lawn below the terrace at Fairviow was admirably adapted for tennis, and Frances had insisted upon two afternoons a week, being set aside for tho game. Shu toid Air- Hal- diinqud that if ho chose to play ho would be welcome, though he was such a tremendous swell that he made the whole contest ridiculously one- sided ; and if ho didn't choose to join them-they mast find somo obliging nonentity to make a fourth'; ' but it happened somehow that- Air. Haldimond could' always find time for a game of tennis at Fairview, and a cup of tea afterwards, sometimes in the morning room, sometimes in a delightful little circular tent which Frances had persuaded Duicie te eet up between two great cedars on the upper lawn. On this particular afternoon, when Duicie had been cheered by her meeting with MissBlako, the curate was delighted at tho new brightness of her face. He had been watching and waiting- for tho lifting of the cloud that veiled her beauty; anil now ho fanciod tho shadow was passing away, and that he should seo her as Airs. Aspinall had described her to him; ,in the radi ance of her lovely girlhood. "She is beginning to forget Morton Blake," bethought. "I wish the man were a' thousand leagues away, instead of being at her door."- Bovillc was devoted in his attentions, follow ing Dulcio like her shadow ; but, alas for the young man's hopes, she accepted his devotion as carelessly as if he had been somo affectionate Newfoundland or impressionable Collie, frisking aud leaping about her. Bhc took his compiimen- Published by special arrangement with the a'atoer All rights reserved. , tiry speeches as so . many tremendous jokes,- laughing at them heartily, and she treated him as cordially as if ho had been her brother. " It's no use, Fau," he told his sister, despair ingly, when that young lady tried to inspire him by assuring him oi Sir Everard'S approval. " What's the good of the father being friendly to mo if tbe daughter doesn't care a straw for me. And I know she doesn't. That parson fellow has as good a chance as I." The words had an ominous sound to Frances -' Grange's car. What if tho curate bad a better- chance than Seville ? What if -he were abont tbe most dangerous rival that could have ap-' pcarcd -upon the field? He was handsome, of- noble prcsqnoe, a thorough gentleman, cnlturcd, widely read, travelled, interesting in every way ; and Fanny knew that he was deeply interested in Duicie. ' "Ho must bo got. out of the way somehow," tbe said. to herself,. " or Seville will not have the ghost of a chance.. I -must warn Sir Everard -of-, the danger." She took an early opportunity of ocing alone with the -baronet for a few minutes' on '-ths tcrraco while . the others were loitering on the tennis lawn. " Dear Sir Everard," she began, tidiing. up. to lifm in her pretty/ coquettish way, being'psr-.- fcetly ateoSo with him by this time, and.having a lurking idea that he liked her and tbonght all 'her ways charming, " I am going to take a most awful liberty. I hope yon won't bs too dread, fully angry." " I don't think it is in my power to ho angry with you, unless s ou were to desert poor Dulcio and turn your back upon Fairwiew." " Pas de danger," said Fanny with' a smils and a sigh. " I am too happy here. But I have been thinking— oh, ploaso don't be cross— I have heon .thinking that if you really .'would like' Dulcio to marry Seville you are hardly wiso in encouraging such an. attractive person as Afr. Haldimond to make himself at home here. Pleaso don't fly out at me i" V Sir Everard showed no disposition to any sav. age outburst, nor did' he seem half so much sur prised and concerned as Lady -Frances expected him to be. IIo oriiy looked gravely meditative, and bo answered her in his gentlest toue. " I should liko Duicie lo marry Boville," bs said, " for I bcliovo ha is. a good, true-hqarted yoiing'foilow, and' that he weuld make bet happy, I.am still. '.worldly-minded enough .to. wish that my daughter should bp Countess , of Biatchmar- d.ea'n,' arid that her irilieriiiyice should-'help to re- ' store the fortunes of anoblo family. -But if to lis your brother's wlfo nowj and a Coiinta'by and bye, be not hef- snrcst. road. . 16 ' happiness I. will forego - my. own. scheme,. 'pleasant as it is to inc. I want' her to he hippy. I want to see tho old brightness come back to her face before I die. I want to.be sure that she has a faithful protector, a shield and defonce against all earthly troubles. Ii I am not to seo ber happy in my way I should like to see her. happy in - hers? and ii she would rather be a- country parson's wife than an embryo .countess, I.- must bow to fate." ""You wore not so' indulgent about Alorton," said Francos, with a. touch of vexation. She was so grieved on Beville's account that she could not refrain from inflicting this little ' stab. Sir Everard gave her a darker glance than she had ever had from him. "I think I told you Eome timo ago that I had my own reasons for ipy conduct in that matter, and that I did riot care to he questioned about them," ho said, coldly, and poor Frances felt that her seal had carried her too far. The fact was that Sir Everard was better awaro than anybody else of Arthur Haldimond's grow, ing infiuenco upon his daughter's lifo. He saw that Haldimond was doing that which he the father felt himself powerless to do. Ho was diverting Dulcic's mind from her sorrow ; he was giving her that active share in the life and cares of others which is the best distraction for a troubled mind. And if a warmer feeling should grow out of this interest, if tho adviser, and friend- should ripen into the lover,' Sir Everard was- prepared to accept the result, and to be thankful. ' "I only want her to behappy," he said to him-, self. " I havo destroysd ber first hopes ; I hays blighted her girlhood. -AVouid- to God that I might see her secure of a- hippykwomSHhoSd .be fore I go." . 