A STRANGE STORY. Tho Gonova correspondent of the Times writes, under date December 17 On the last day of November the body of a man who had evidently died a violent death was found in the Sillerthal, canton Thurgan. The first impression was that he had met with foul play ; hut ; the ..medical experts who were called iu thought the _ wounds - were self-inflicted, and decided that it was a case of suicide. T'lie body was indentified as that of Baumeler, a Bawyer by trade, and a nati ve of Lucerne. As to this there does not seem to have been the least doubt ; but the 'Amtmaun' of the district, as required by tho law in such cases, had the fact properly attested and several master sawyors for whom Baumeler had worked, and his own relations, and otherB declared that lie was the man whose body had been found on the Sillerthal. The local papers announced his death, and his friends were invited to accompany the : funeral procession to the grave.' His kinsfolk put on mourning for - him, - and the deceased, having been a Roman Catholic, was buried in the cemetery of Bischoffzell by . n priest of that persuasion. The evening-after theintorment, as a _ number of neighbours 'and peasants' were' making "merry in the village inn of Bischoffzell, who should walk in- but the man who, as all supposed, liad been laid quietly under the ground the day before! This apparition at first excited no little dismay, but when Baumeler ordered a plate of sausages, a loaf of bread, and a litre of lager beer, the fears of the revellers were appeased. No mere ghost could be supposed capable of conduct so unghostliko. Baumeler, wbo said be had been away on a journey, then heard the story, of his death and burial which seemed greatly to amuse him. From the inn he went to the presbytery and thanked the priest for the eloquent funeral oration which the latter had pronounced over his grave. He then called on the Amtmann, expressed his gratitude to that functionary for the trouble lie had taken on his behalf. Bau meler has still another account to settle. It appears that he does not enjoy an altogether spotless reputation, and .after his supposed death a journal of the'neighbourhood made some uupleasant reflections on bis character. Bau-, meler, it is said intends to proceed against this too impulsive paper for libel. As for the buried man, no information is yet forthcoming, and the theory of murder is again revived. The police are making active, inquiries with a view to ascertain tho identity of: the unknown, and to this ; end it is possible that the body may have to be exhumed. Meanwhile this strange, in cident, with its mixture of comedy and tragedy has thrown the quiet village of Bischoffzell into a state of unwonted excitement." 