SUNDAY READING. The ; School -of Christ. Br the Rkv. W. P. Slmeb, li.A.. ;. :'.i "•*' ' ' " 1 ' f.l d. < O: Will yo dbso bo his disciples ?—Jobnit;,27. THAT acute- and ingenious Scotchman,. David Hume constructed a famous argu ment against miracles. He said that-human testimony-is so often untrue that it can never afford satisfactory evidence of so improbable a thing as that a miracle has happened. On the two things-it .is much more likely, that the testimony should be false than that the miracle should be 'true. But. all. this rests upon a mechanical theory of probabilities. It may be allowed that human testimony is often deceptive, and yet possible that in a particular instance it is true. But the Pharisees did not hold' this view of the sceptic. When they heard that a man born blind could now see they began to inquire on what testimony the statement rested; They called the man and his parents. And these persons were nearly as shrewd as David Hume or the Pharisees, for they were careful not to declare that a miracle had been wrought. They only spoke to facts. ' This is our son; ' surely human testimony can be trusted in mat ters of this kind.. * And he was-born blind;* they did not need a philosopher to tell them that. That he could now see was clear to every one, and beyond this they could not go. ' By what means he now seeth—or who hath opened his eyes—or whether this man is a sinner or not, we know not. And the blind man also with sound rational instinct; would only reply, ' One thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.' • The sophism:. of; the.; unbeliever is . here. While he. eecjia to be denying the right of bumanitcslimony. to aiit eniioate:miracles he really, denies its right* to witness to events. .But thp latter iastrhat a, h.Unym tfitneas.; may ^certainly *, do. . Whether it may be inferred from the facts so ascertained that a miracle has taken place is a matter for iuquiry and reason ing. There axe other controversies in which the facta.cahnot be denied, but iu regard to .which many refuse to accept the inferences of fafth.' Every one allows the material world to j. exist in some sense; but the sceptio declines to 'make the simple inference that it came by the power of God, and that it is therefore a witness to' his Being. From the character and i tendency of the course of history,' a tendency in all things to righteousness/ wo argue that the world has a gracious and intelligent Ruler. Or, from the eveuta of a single life, we infer that God shapes the destiny of men, and fixes 'the bounds of their habitations? Or, because .of, the correspondence between the events of .history and the predictions of prophets, we ;asaert that 4 holy men of God spake as . they were moved by the Holy Ghost.' The un believer says that his mind cannot form these conclusions from the evidence; and we are sorry for it;.but he certainly has no right to dispute, the facts on which these inferences de pend, or to deny the ability of human testimony to attest such things. But it is the inferences against which the antagonism of unbelief is opposed. So long as this man refrained from any avowal of faith tho ^Pharisees showed him no enmity; bnt when he declared his conviction that the Healer was of God they cast him out. They felt the point «f his argument: Here is a New Teach ing, and the Miracle shows that the Teaching ought to. be received. As they believed in Moses because God had spoken to htm, so they must attend to Jesus if Ho bad wrought a miracle. ^ But they could not deny tho super- natural like tho modern sceptic, and their law admitted the value of human testimony; but, .by another- route, they arrived at the same goal: • Give God tho praise, for we know that this man is a sinner.' \- L Here then, is some new teaching; and it is 'very broad and very exacting. It ussumes that every man, wbatover bis abilities and attain ments, knows nothing as he ought to know it, unless ho knows Christ. He must be converted, and become as a little child, to becomo wise unto salvation. The first messengers of the Gospel were sent out with a commission to * dis ciple* all nations. To ue a4disciple* of Christ is more than to be baptised into bis name. This great Ma*tcr demands intellect, heart, and life to be submitted to Him that he may train all for bis glory. Christianity is a thing to be learned; and to learn it we must begin at the beginning, start at the lowest place, and thus gj on to perfe tion. None can enter upon the higher problems of godliness beforo they bare passed the.lower stages of the progress. 1\. If weoonsiderthelAeorif ea/part of Christ's teaching we shall see that the demand for eon- ; tiuuotis, undivided attention is justified. His syllabus is so vuat, hinoutlinessc far sweeping, that they cannot be traversed iuany term shorter than lite. Muny of his themes are removed far from^ the sphere of ordinary thought, And I require earnest and profound meditation; while, j on the other baud, He makes common things ! to be. fall of deep aud heavenly meaning. Moreover, the subjects upon which he spoke i are. not matters which were very interest-'j ipg 1800 years ago, but have now lost their I interest aud Attraction. 'I his v**ry question 1 which was debited over this once blind man— I i e.t Who m Jesus of Nazareth ?—is tho ques tion of this hour as ii was of that. ■ The Pharisee, the ticribe, and the witnesies of his grace are , with^us to-day. The humble believer is ready nowjjwith his glad oonfeieton : 1 One thing 11 blessed'to God, thoyoannbfc. Wh^'qucstiona aro studied with'morfardent pon^erihj^;in our diiy than those whioh relate to the'lluiriff/and Character of God ? Is there* 'God?'Has Hb eve? dgokta ty man f'T$; He a ^g'ood "Being? Ts Hia: proviaeiipS*add beneflcieut P Does Ho pardon eia p These in. quiries have lost uoho of theulmeaningjthrpugh the lapse pf.oenturies. And is notths; only answer to. them which satisfies, the."human heart heard at]] the heart of. Jesus P.Tbey1 who have come into hls'aohool know what'that sayinR is i-/1 am the'Way; the Troth, and the Life £ ho' mancometh iint'o thoTather but by 'Me/'" ' ".V, ' What is there that lies so hear to, us, abd of -which1 'rWe'j. 'know. , so' little, as .'our'Jown 'soulsPj'How ^great is' this mystery in 'ourselves! The best philosophers confess that they know nothing .'of it. The] in vestigator, after ages of searching, in which hs has foiind so many things ho never lboked jof is losing heart because he has toiled so long; for . so little, in regard to his owh.inoertfiori naturo. . But this Great Insttuotpr, Jeati^pro. fosses to know what is in moh: ]Wheh hli Spirit of Truth comes to us it convinces of sin, 'The word of .God is quick,'arid powerful, and sharper than a two-edged swordjpiercing.even to.'the dividing of soul and spirit . > V and V a' dWernfer of' the thoughts ind'intehta ox tKeheart/ -Z,. , But hear Him oh another great subject. He teaches us that our true interest is to be found in that which is eternal and abiding. On this point we have much to learn, and much to un learn. Nearly all our secular education is in- tended to make us wise about the things of this life. He is supposed to be wise who can distinguish between things that differ ; who spends no time over trifles, but sees the main chance and pursues it. But Jesus places ' the whole world' below the level of reality, so that we have first to learn what that is which 'abides for ever.' What is that 'portion which shall never be taken from us? ; It is not the body; for its beauty vanishes, its vigour and form depart. It is not riches, for they pass on from heir to heir, or they scatter like the smoke off a fire in the fields, nor is it honour, for it cannot cheer a guilty conscience, nor heal a broken heart. It is not friendship, for its silken ties wear out- under-the strain of years ; or, like the bridge over the Tay, grace fully bears its .burden for a season, , but snaps in the hour of the tempest. Success never reaches a summit which no ruin one reach, nor does the rarest learning exempt men from grievous error of -perverse prejudice. What then, is that which shall never be taken from us; which we may have now, and not lose eternity ?' All the thinkers from Job and Solomon to Carlyle, from Thales to Hegel, from Democritus to Herbert Spencer, have been endeavouring to solve this very problem. They have been trying to throw light upon this question: What is that which really exists; or is there such a thing? Some of these philosophers deny that anything substantial or unchanging exists. Worlds and systems, and even intelligent races are as evanescent, they say, if not so rapid in their decomposition, as the clouds of sunrise and sunset, or as the zig-zag of tho lightning. They warn us that our world will some day rush back to the sun in hideous combustion; and every trace of man and his work will perish from the universe; ' the place that knew him shall know him no more.' Others again, allow that the substantial exists, but it is for- ever hidden from man. Such knowledge is too wonderful for him. Shadows are his portion at present, and figures of the true, but reality may ever be beyond him. Anyhow,here is a vast subject; the theme of themes, the end of all in quiry : What is the eternal? And Jesus pro fesses to teach us what it is; but we most learn it in his own way,confessing our ignorance, and not bo offended because his lessons are hard forsaking much that the world has taught us, or humiliating. Then shall we .'leant-what that eternal life is which God has given us in his Son, what that is which cannot fail when this false and fleeting world is past, and shall be wealth to carry with us into tho boundless future. 2\. But another part of the teaohing of this great Instructor refers to practical life. He lays down laws to which, husband and'wife, parent and child, master and* servant, must submit. Now, who can master all this legisla tion—all the details of this 'royal law of liberty' unless he begin early ana diligently persevere? 1 We fear lest what is called 'the simplicity of Christ' should bo misunderstood. What is bo simple as Nature, yot what » so deep ? All mathematical problems are hidden in the stars which a child can see as wall as the astronomer, and all the formula of chemis try and physiology are embodied in the lifo of the wayside flower. Christ is simple, but inex haustible; iu Him are all the treasures'of the Godhead; all governments and all history, all philosophy and all poetry lie concealed under his seamless garment. Ono of his first great lessons of the praotical sort is humility. In the world's school P™*® of wealth, or wis'om,or power is tho subject of everyday instruction. But He ®iy*; ® that humbleth himself shall be exalted and this is a sore difficulty to many. They do> not see why they should bo required to submit to God before lie has come to them in the mode which .they desire. Tbey say,^4Show us a miracle and we will boliove; give ur a sign from heaven and wo will adore; .Jn answer to prayer aud wo. will pray!' Tons tne scientist; who insists upon the -constancy o Nature, and the necessity of snitaole con ditions in order to roqaired effects,wiinei w have the results of prayer without the cona tion being fulfilled; or doee he*want acme one else to incur tho coat of the conditions ana will reap the result of the experiment r ^ • Another of these lessons is 9'lf denial. any man will come after ma, let him deuy m • wolf/' This does not ond with the restraint ^ bodily appetites or in the surrender of o*®®asi indolgouce in the pleasures of life. That inae • roost centro and ahrino of personal oonsoio* ness to'whioh mau brings his secret and wir ■ fc.-rf^tr^aaPt'-S8a",wli8te-he offershis'mbat ■ frtaaent and coatly sacrifices, where his own thought or will haa.heen enthroned, must he opened to the light, and yieldod to tho Lord of JL Without this he may givo his body to be burned and hie goods to feed the poor in vain. Here is the final conflict between aenae and irit between the viaiblo and the inviaiblo; here is the last refuge of ein, and the ohoeon lano'uary of Satan, when much of the outer life has been yieldedjto Christy Then if a man has learned to deny himself,, he can indeed,take ,np; his cross and foliQwSJfesua. i And,!, time. trodld fail for usTo tell all Ihat in'to be learned in tlie jchool of Obriat. He teaches bow we may be puis in heart in an evil world; how we may conquer the world's,enmity by words, of grace ud meekness; how_we may. endure, loasj, or bereavement, or pera"ecutidh, neither murmur ing nor charging God foolishly: how, in one word, the life of heaven may be lived below the skies. But some will be ready to say,' If all this be true, who then can be saved Is not,this con-, (rary to the dootrine of suddeh'eonversidnsl If so muoh labour and application are requisite to make a man a Christian, how few can gain the prisa ? The youthful, the people of leisure ' msy make something out, but what about buBy people, who have little time or strength to ipare: and what.abput thoso who never-went to school, or learned.ili.ttle if'theyjwent; and' what about the hardened and the aged ? How shell they become wise unto Balvation V How, we believe and rejoice in sudden con versions, for they are among tho evidences that Christ lives still., and that He has power upon ssrth to forgive sineV, Many a einner is brought out of darkniwunto light as rapidly as tbismsn bom blini&whs;^maddto see. And* whiletbeso events continue neither reasonings nor die: coveries can oonfute Christianity. If any doubt-the reality of those convorsions.let them, \- call the man himself. ^ He is of age; ask him.'' He oan.tell you where it was and how it hap pened!-He may not- he able to' give you a loientifleatatement of psyphologicalexperienoe; but he- An" say; 'On"-thing I know; that, whereas, J,,-waB, blind, . now ,1 . see.'. The swakener'-'of thb Pbilippikn jailer and'the mssier of Sanl of Tarsus still comes with earth quake power or heavenly glory to the sonls of ctmal and nnbelieving men. But the doctrine; of. sudden conversion* is somewhat perverted by two different classes, gome make a light thing of conversion, f They think that nothing will, he easier when God's timh'comeri iTb'ejrh)8y,puj the;businese', off indefinitely becaustrHb'cando so much ina' little time. They sink daily into the miry clay, expecting that a .Divine hand will-lift them, without any effort of their own, into security tnd holiness. They do not enter the way of fife, but linger outside until they are thrnst in; and are in danger of not striving until the i ioorisshut. fT j ■, ; ■„"*■' -j And'othera go topiLpppbsite extreme.; They make conversion to be the All of "religion. Only let a man he converted, and they eonnt him to be as good as any other Christian. And 'under this treatment some just entering .the: 'school of Christ reckon themselves tobens.wifie ps any believers; and some of those who did sun well Satan hath thus hindered. But con version is only the foundation, and not the building. r Whenfwe,see the excavation dug out of the.'earth and the .wails of .the rising treotion weffo not count the house as already perfect;': j Converting rgra'ea-'is not': all 1 the wisdom which Christ can give to man. It is the harbinger of salvation, the dawn of the day, the Bpringtide of sunny days and many 'flowers whioh promise that the land shall be filed with fruitfulness; tho turn of tho tide which, takeg.at^ the fipod, shall bear the soul up to thd ^bhveh-of'glory' -It is the strait eate at the beginning, of the.jonrr.ey heavenward,;. but befPre'.'thd' pilgrim lies the -fnll length 'of thenarrpwway.- .. • ...... . f, • 