THE OPERA HOUSE. Planquette's opera oourique, Los Cloches do Corneville ; or, more strictly speaking, tho English version of tho same arranged by II. B. Famie and It. Recce, and called Tho Chimes of Normandy, was produced at tho Opera House lust evening. The theatre was crowded, numbers being unable to obtain admission. The light sparkling music of the opera received amplo justice at tlio hands of the 6elect orchestra under the able conductorship of Signor Eel man. The opera opens with good effect, with a chorus of ladies, All Who For Servants, Madame Ilers/e appeared in the character of Scrpolette to excellent advantage. Sho sang They 'Say, with chorus accompaniment, and afterwards I May Be a Princess, very prettily. The quarrel scene and laughing chorus wcro well performed. Tho barcarole, On Billow Rocking, introduced Air, H. Vernon as Greni- cheux. This gentleman not only sang but played his part all through successfully. Miss Helen Gordon wus the next to appear, as Gcrmaine, her first effort being a duet with Mr. Vernon. She acted her part with credit to herself. She has hardly mastered the vocal score, but rank ing allowance for her first performance of the part, we are prepared to hear her to better advantage in future appearances. Her best number was tho Legend of the Bells, which the audience were glad to applaud by way of encouragement. A valso rondo introduced Mr. Beanniout. This humbcr had to bo transposed to suit the higher register of his voice, and was sung in his usual excel lent style. Tho hiring fair scene was well managed during all this act. Mr. G. Leopold, The Bailio and would-be judge, kept tho au dience in good humor by his excellent acting. He was ably seconded by Mr. Johnson, as Gobo, wbooe acting was very good. The solo, Just Look at This, with chorus accompani ment, brought the firri; act to a successful clo30 and commanded a recall. During the second act Mr. Templeton, as Gaspard, plays a most important part, indeed he h«is made, a great success of his role both a=3 a singer and an actor, and gained the honor of a special recall. The Ghost trio, I'll Shut My Eyes, by Madame Hersi5e, Mr. Vernon and Mr. leopold, was highly amusing. Tho scenery of Mr. Jlabbo was much admired. At tho opening and at the closo of tho performance God Save the Queen was played. The opera will bo re peated to- night. 