DAN FARTHING'S ONLY SON. a. STOEY ik TWO CHAPTERS. Chapter L The most important "house In tbe village of Horksmead was "old Dan Farden's cottage." The rectory was a comfortable dwelling, the doctor's house was well hnilt and roomy, and the retired leather merchant's was more fashionable, but they were commonplace compared with the cottage. In the judgment of any mart or woman of Horksmead, it. wonld have been flat heresy to institute any comparison un favourable to the latter. It was tbe glory of the village ; its quaint gardens, the incongruous surprises of its rambling mysteries, were as enchanting as a page of fairy lore. The younger folks fa that rustic community, recent settlers, visitora, and strangers, spoke of it respectfully as "Mr. Farthing's houBe;" butifyouohanced to make use of the expression fa speaking to bne of the older inhabitants, he would say: "Who? Oo-ay: you mean Dan Farden : oold Dan Farden : and a rum nn hejis tu 1" He had within their memory' risen from their ranks. In many thfags his ways were their ways ; he spoke their speech ; he had none of your new-fangled notions about grammar, but he could handle a plough, or shear a sheep, or back a colt, or mow, or reap, or bind, or cart, with any of them ; and as he could hold v A.1 ' t.. L.J L.1J L:. HIS own in unese tilings, ue uau ueiu w» own fa others too, with singular tenacity, all his life. Though frugal he was not a hard-fisted man, nor had he accumulated his cohsiderahfe wealth by any means that were dirty, or grasping/ or underhand. Hjs had always lived well within his fa- come, even when it was no more than eight shillings a: 'week;' at which time though he likeS his -"cup of aile" as well as; another man,/ he could steadily resist the fascinations of the pablic-house. He had never wasted anything, and what his "mates" despised as worthless, he had a curious knack of turning to good account and converting into money. While still a hard-worked day-labourer he had suc ceeded, from a few- chance cuttings and seeds, fa propagating flowers, with which he supplied, on modest but remunerative tei-ma, half tho village. His fowls were perfect prodigies of fecundity. There was not a house for miles round that had hot eome specimen of his neat and solid handi work fa boxes, watch-stands, bootjacks, and other ample matters. Howhe accom plished all throe things was a mystery that the moSt daring speculations of his bucolic peers, though they consumed hogsheads rxF Kflow. in AisftDRsinB .1Kb sdbiect. conld mate nothing o£7 One pooreimple fellow suggested- that it was because he never wasted a minute, a suggestion received, with much loud-longed and ScornM ridi-: cjnle /but there -was perhaps something fa. it, for, if he wais economical with regard to waste substances, he was parsimonious with regard to time. I Whatever the rouse, Dan Farthing pros pered marvellously. By tha time he was five-ahd-twenty his had furnished fas cot tage in a style farin advance of hie fallow labourers, and had taken to himaelfrawife . to replacea deter who died at that time, i and' who had -till then : been' hie house- i keeper. When his boyA-his only jchild — : wasfive years of age,he had become Sorer' man on the farin on which te worked, and it was known that he had a " tidy loompof money fa the . bank, " ao that no bne was surprised to learn that he had purchased fas ! cottage and half an acre or more offend adjoinfag. it. His wife, a good, thrifty, careful woman, seconded him Ably/ Everything prospered under fais hand/and many-a night the growth of Dan Farden'o fortunes was debated on the sanded floor of the Rising Bun with/more interest: than the fate of: empires. It was wrong to call it " lack" — -aB -the villagers : did 4— when his long andfaithM eeniee ias .« wwded on thai death of his master by a handsome legacy ; but good fortune as well as high qualities must be credited with another legacy, that fell to him about the same time in recognition of Ms having been the means of rescuing an old lady whose honse had taken fire. There was not a man in the village who would not have done that bad he chanced to be the first on tbe spot ; bnt it was Dan Farden who happened to be passing, for as was somewhat grud gingly observed at the time, "all the plooms dropped into his month." We are not concerned with all the details of his continuously prospering career, nor will we stop to explain, step by step, bow it was that his cottage grew, by constant accretions, to be the rambling mansion that had each a fascination for the community at Horksmead. It is only tbe late years of his life at which we are going to take a glance, fa relation to the little boy of whom we spoke — lis only eon. Little Frank Farthing was not a beauti ful nor a very quick child, bnt he was wonderfully attractive. He had large; dreamy eyes, and his wide mouth and square jaw gave to hie face fa repose a look of sternness tnat was strange in a child. But eyes and ripe Hps could be eloquent of fun and good humour, and the ruddy cheek could dimple fa Bon niest laughter. It was while he was still a very little fellow that his mother had greeted Dan Farthing on his return one evening in high spirits. " Dau'II," die said, " ay've got summet to show yow." "Summet good, then, I hope," he answered. " Ay want ma tea." " Yow shall hev yowr tea drekley. It's all ready. Just yow look here." And then, with snch pride as only mothers know, she produced from her pocket a much creased piece of paper (it had originally held sugar), ou which had been' a tolerably spirited drawing of a dog, young Frank's handiwork, done with a bit of charred stick from the fire. "They-ar !" said she smoothing it out with her hand, and thereby removing the last vestiges of the dcetch, " what da yow think of that 1" "Wall," said Dan, "ay think it's a very dirty bit of paper. What ov it 1" She looked at it more closely, and flashed with vexation as she Baw that the glory had departed. Well, I niwer !" she exclaimed. " An' so it is. But it wur as like our Piticher as ivver you see, and our Franky dror'd it" "Ay, ay, missis; but don't you let nn wayste his time in drorin' and he tempered the severity of the rebuke with a fusty kiss. " There ain't no good to be got out of drorin'. Let's hev ma tea." Good or no good, there was no keeping the little rascal from it With a bit of cnaic ne wonia araw on me ieuces or gates, men, houses, doge, trees, and flowers, and he would even make sketches in charcoal on the neatly - kept kitchen floor. Waste-paper there was none in that household ; every scrap was duly consigned to the sack, the contents of which were sold fa due season. little Frank, however, borrowed a large "per centage of these scraps, conscientiously returning them with the counterfeit pre sentment of the architectural, human, animal, and vegetable attractions of Horksmead and its neighbourhood. Often would he steal ont with his pencil and some scrap of paper with a fair inchage of blank space upon it, and his primer as a drawing board, to indulge fa his favourite pursuit. On one of these occasions he had selected as his subject the rectory, a quaint old gabjed house, with clinging ivy and picturesque porch. The low-growing shrubs and plants intercepted his view, and he had almost given up hie design fa despair, when it occurred to him to clamber the fence, aud scale one of the trees fa the rectory grounds. Here, astride on a convenient branch, and backed by the solid bole of the tree, he. had an excellent view, and soon became absorbed fa his work. The report of a gun somewhat startled him, but he only set his lips close and went on with the sketch with more redoubled energy. There was another report, still nearer at hand, and then a third, which. ora a ae nenrlir aa nnoaihla ni m nl tan onn b with, k sharp, stinging sensation in a fleshy part of his anatomy, that made him involuntarily drop fas pencil and book aud tumble to the ground with a shrill scream. Before he had time to recover himself two young men were bending over him, one of whom, .dropping his gon, and raising Mm tenderly, exclaimed jt . " By Gad, Gerald, , if s little Frank Far thing. I hope you're only frightened, not hurt, Frank, eh .t" " I don't think I am much hurt," eaid Frank?" rather ruefully, putting a dimpled hand to the injured quarter, and not without a sense of shame at having made -bo much noise over a trifle, " but it hit me." Clement Chope was . much relieved to find that no serious harm had been done, and he could not help laughing :at the mingled expression of pain, shame, and alarm on the little fellow's face. "By George, Clem," said his friend, who had picked up the boy's half-finished .sketch, and was Bcrutinising it carefully, . " the youngster's a genuis." ; What is a genius t wondered Frank; as many wiser folk have wondered before and since. He had seen a picture of a genius in an odd volume of the Arabian Nights that belonged to a schoolfellow. He did not think he was like that. But fa a rogue way. he was conscious that his work was being praised by the gentlefolk, and he flashed. with pride. . Just then, tbe worthy old rector, who had heard the boy's cry, and hastened, from his study, came up. " What now, boys t what, now, boys ? What have yon been doing now l": This was given with a somewhat petulant emphasis/on the last word, for the old gentleman had more than once, daring : this brief .college vacation of his son, and his .eon's 'friend .fried to console himself; with . the thought that " boy s would be boys," bnt rather inconsistently adding, "and I wish they; wouldn't." "Why, bless my soul, you haven't been, taking little Frank Farthing .for a bird, hare you !" " No sir," eaid Clem : " but little Frank has been patting himself fa the way of a charge, and I fear he .is carrying off some of the shot." ... " Why, bless my eoul, Clem, you are not fit to be trusted with a. gun, upon my word you're not . Run fa and tell Mrs. Oprlass, and fetch Dc. Heelop, We must taveti&boy; lootolta.'' : > . i .: ; r.7' 'k i " If yon please, sir," interposed Frank shyly, " it was all my fault, sir, and I hadn't any right to be np in the tree, sir. And I am net hnrt, sir — not much, only it startled me." " Ay, ay ; ay, ay," said the kindly old gentleman. "We must have it looked to. Are yon sore yon can walk ?" The boy laughed merrily, and showed that be could walk, and briskly too, thus relieving the worthy parson's mind con siderably. The doctor was soon in attendance, and found that three shots had been lodged under tbe skin. They were soon removed, and Frank wondered what they were making ench a fuss abont, for they wonld not allow him to go home, and the young men were despatched to the cottage to explain what had happened, and to pro mise that the boy should be. Bent home fa tbe evening. That was ao eventful day for the lad. His nearly completed sketch was a credit able performance, and the interest it awakened in the rector, the young ladies. Mr. Clement, and bis friend, and tbe warm encouragement they gavehim, would have repaid him a hundredfold if he had been peppered . with shot from head to heel. Moreover, he had the awful joy of turning over a large scrap-book, and looking at the water-colours of the yonng ladies, to say nothing of some realiy good pictures hung fa the dining room ; and, to crown his happiness, when the evening came, and he was driven home in state in the rector's own chaise, he bore with him a precious gift, a sketch book and half a dozen pencils. This was his first introduction to " art treasures," and he was dazzled by their beaiity, and fired with a new ambition which took deeper and deeper hold of him till it became the purpose of his life. And the ladies of the rectory, firmly persuaded that it had been their good fortune to discover a modern Giotto, continued to take the liveliest interest fa his progress. They even enforced npon the rector the duty of calling npon Dan Farthing, whose prosperity was the talk of the village, and urging him to give his boy an art education. But advice is always one of those things it is more blessed to give than to receive, and the rector's reception was one of the coldest. The father listened in silenoe to the representa tions made to him, and, when the rector had quite finished, said : "Pusson, ay han't niwer interfered with your bis'ness, and ay don't wunt to. But ay'll manage ma own ma.own waay." And when the " pusson" had gone, he roiled his boy to him, and made what was for him quite a long speech. " Frank, ma boody," he said, " pusson has bin here a talkin' to me abont yow bein a hartis'. Thaay didn't onght to put no snch things into yowre head. uronn s an very well for a plaaything, leasways, ay don't see much harm in it, though it ain't no good. But yow'm got to larn to manage the farm, aud to look arter the business, and yow'll find that quayteenongh,lsd. Yow be getting a big boooy now, and yow'll soon ha' to give up plaaythfags." " Yes, father," said Frank, for it had not occurred to him yet to dispute the parental will fa anything. Dan Farthing was not a stem man, and he loved to see his boy happy, but it was well understood in that household that his will was law, and that he was not given to the feminine weakness of changing his mind. At present, however; fas "playthings" were fas own, and when his school tasks were done he was his own master, to a great extent And he became more com pletely so than ever soon after this conver sation, for his good simple - minded mother died, and the little services which it had been his pride and pleasure to render her he did not feel constrained to offer to anyone else. He made the most of his liberty, feeling that it must soon come to an end ; and what with gifts from the rectory, and what with the expenditure of every penny of his pocket money in drawing, materia, he had had the means, of almost constant practice, improved by a few judicious hints and lessons from an artist visitor at the rectory to whom his. work had been shown, and in the course of a year or Ion lie htti? vnoiia ornaf. iWAmmaa TTra had made a water-colour, drawing of the rectory, which Mr. Chope had framed and hung fa his drawing»room, and this had brought him one or two commissions, and the ladies had even taken eome of his aketohes to the principal print- seller's fa Chelmckester, where they had met with a ready sate. And thus the years of early manhood were reaohecL He bad eeen enough by this time to know that hie best work was feeble and poor, aud to feel those alternations of ambition and despair with which tbe ardent young eonl contem plates the productions of genius. His art became more and more an absorbing passion : to endnre privation and suffering in devotion to it he felt would be more tolerable than wealth or position divorced from it. But he had no hope that his father would consent to his making art the business of his life ; he had no hope that he would give him any assistance, nor did he know to whom he could torn for such assistance, even could he so far tame his pride as ;to accept it. Be was very slow fa making np fas mind, for he knew what he would be relinquishing. On the one hand was wealth without fas art ; on the other a long and ardnons struggle, with an obscure and doubtful -issue, in .devotion to it.' And yet he found himself, day by day, contempla ting this alternative with mora and more of silent resolve ; he fonnd himself, half unconsciously, hoarding his allowance and the proceeds of hie sketches, fa order that he might have wherewith to make a start. He did not overlook the grief his derision would cause to his father; aud the thought of.the stern old man, left widowed and childless, nursing in stoical silence his disappointment, was not least among the reflections that made him shrink from a derision that, once made, he knew would be irrevocable. . At last a day came when his mind was folly made np, and seeking the old man fa fas " cosy," as he rolled one of the two rooms which had formed his original cot tage, .and a love of which he riierished Frank arid : " Father, I have something to soy to you." . There was a tremulous gravity fa fas tone that made the father look at him earnestly before he answered, " Well, boooy?" " I know that what I am going to say will vex you, father, and I want to tell you that I am sorry for that The knowledge thatiX ehotdd give yon pain he -i '..t:.-; r.' ; .. has made it difficult for me to come to the resolutinu I have formed, but as I have formed it, I kn -w you would rather I should tell you at once. I have made up my mind to be an artist." " How long is it since yon med np your mind J" he asked after a painful pause " " I seem to have been thinking about it all my life," said the boy - <( hut I did not resolve until last night" " Yow knaw what it mean ?" " Yes, father." "It's agen my wish, and agen my will, buooy. Yow mnst'nt look for no help from me. You knaw that ?" "Yes, father." The old man rose and opened the door of his "cosy." which led into another small room of the same size. "Look'ee here, boooy," he said. "When ay begun life, these here two little rooms was all my honse, and they wasn't mine nuther. Ay hired 'an, and I wukked for aigbt shilling a week an' ay know what hard wnk mean, an what poor fare is. But ay moiled mysen an wukked hard, an' ay bought the bouse, an' av bnilt a bit on to un, an' then another bit. an' another, till I med it what it is. And when yow was bora ay sed to mysen, this here little here cbap'U hold it arter roe, an he'll go on improving on it ; an' when aym a old man he'll manage the farm, an' ay shall rest, an' ay shall hev a corner in the old plaice still. An' now yow talk o' gooin' awaay, an' bein' a hartis' ; and I can't 'gree to it, I can't 'gree to it, I wnn't help thee in it a bit. Moind that. Ef yow goo, yow goo ; but yow goo agen' my will, an' agen my wish. An' yow knaw what you're a givin' up : yow marn't think to throw it awaay an' taik it oop agen when yow like Moind that.. Don't say no more to me now ; taik a fartnet an' think it over cool, an moind what ay hev eed." Frank had inherited his father's inflexible will, and he never swerved an instant from the decision he had slowly bnt firmly formed, thongh consideration for fas father's feelings induced him to wait the fortnight before he announced that his resolve was unchanged. The old man received his answer without any storm of passion ; bnt it was almost more terrible to Frank to eee bim, thongh only for a minute, shocked and unnerved, and to note the qniver in his QBually firm voice, as he asked ; " An' yow'll goo to Lnnuon ?" " Yes, father." " When .do yow goo ?" "I thought of this day week, but it shall be sooner, or later, if you wish it." " No, booby, no ; fix your own time." " You'll let Mason drive me to the station, father V asked the lad somewhat dubiously. The old man strode backward and for ward throngh tbe room two or three times before he answered. "Ay 'spose ay must Ay, let 'an. Bat ay don't like it It seems as if I 'greed to it, an' ay can't ay rou't" " Thank yon, father." No other w>>rd was spoken on the : subject and the week sped away, the old man bearing in his heart the harden of his disappointment, bnt too proud to show it by any lightest sign to those among whom he moved. It was to him as though the solid land all ronnd bis feet had melted into sea, and the tide were rising slowly and snrely, and the salt and bitter flood were about to abut him out for ever from all the kindly ways of men. An emotion, per haps, disproportioned to the cause ; but as a tiny grain of sand fa the eye will cause the most excruciating pain from tbe sensitiveness of the organ effected, so in the thwarting of long-cherished hopes the acuteness of the pun is proportioned, not so : much to the reasonableness of the hope, as to the passion with which it has been cherished ; and men of few hopes, and unaccustomed to lean upon the world's sympathy, oan worse than aDy afford to have throe hopes shattered and destroyed. The old man was fa the position of him who had nothing save one little ewe lamb, which he nonrished up and which lay fa fais bosom, and now the spoiler had come and taken it. The week was one of cruel tfuu tu iuiu, auu QuaLucijr icoo vruei wi IUO son, and both were at once glad and sorry when it came to an end. Each respected fa the other those very qualities which made it hopeless to look for any yielding. Hence there was no querulous utter ance, no outburst of anger, no reproach on -either aide. The atom old fellow was a man of a few words, and Frank was by no means demonstrative ; but throngh that last week, a a each thought of what was between them and before them, there was expressed in a hundred small things, which no stranger wonld have noted, the blending of a firm resolve with an unwonted tenderness which was very touohing. At last the eventful day came. Tbe old man sat in his " cosy" at his desk, motionless as a statue, listening as the wheels of the chaise grated over the gravel, as the servants brought the trunks downstairs, and the movements of the departure bnrried to their dose. He heard Mason asking ; " Is that all, sir ?"' aiid tbe answer " Yes and then the door opened, and Frank, extending his hand, said : " Good bye; father." "Good-bye, boooy. Yow terrify me wonderful, that vow dn. Bnt vow mnn have your own waay." " Father, you're not angry with me ?" " No, boooy, ay bain't angry ; bat ay'm bitter sorry. That bite me shairp, boody, that it do. Bnt yow mnn have yow're waay. Good-bye ? and he.held out his hand. " Good-bye, father, and Heaven bless you !" said the lad ; and he turned as ha spoke, and strode to the door. There, however, he paused, and walking back with rapid step, clasped tbe old man's head and kissed him passionately on the furrowed forehead. "My dear old noble father," he said with shch fa tensity of feeling as he had never shown before, I' do not be grieved about thin Why is it that you have wished andplanned that I should follow you fa the farm ? It is not for yourself, I know ; but that yon thought I should be happy in this life. But a higher power has placed in my heart this deep, this uncontrollable love of another pursuit And 1 cannot choose; father; bnt I must go where the voice calls me. Do not doubt that I shall be happy fa this life. Were yon not happy when you laboured to build up iu your own way the fortune you have? and, dear old father, I hope you will enjoy it fin many and many a long year. Do yon think my fethota son cannot, like him, endure privation iu order to be true to hie own better self ! And, father, I shall go on in the way I must go with a light heart, and a happy one, if I could only know that I was not giving you pain. Believe me, father, what I am doing is bat what is right." All this time the young man had his arms round his father's neck, and his voice trembled as he spoke. The old man did not move, nor interrupt him by a word, but once or twice a shudder passed over him, and when Frank had finished, he said : " Mebbe, booiiy, mebbe ; but ay can't see it ; ay can't see it Ay dun't waut to be hard on you, but its bitter bad for me, Look'ee here, boooy," he said, opening his desk as he spoke, and taking from it a roll of notes, of which he care fully connted ; " yo w must hev suffin to maiik a start with. Ay didn'n think to ha' done it ; for it a'most seems as ef ay war givin' my consent ; and ay can't 'grte to it Howsumdever, you man hev a start, an' here's a hundred pound for yow. But you mar'nt look fer no more. Ay wish yow well, booby, but I don't 'gree to it. It's agen my will. They-ar ; good bye," " Good bye, dear father, good-bye." And the door closed between bim and the old man, who sat rigidly at his desk while the chaise bowled swiftly down the Horksmead Road, and over Balkerne Hill; sat there still as it reached the station jnst in time to catch the train ; sat there wbile the whistle screamed, and tbe platform cleared itself of passengers, and tbe slow grunting of the engine developed into a thrice rapid pant ; sat there wbile the young would-be artist was leaning from the carriage window to catch the last glimpse of "old Dan Farden's cottage and sat there still when the last glimpse of it had faded from tbe boy's view, and he had thrown himself back into the corner of the carriage to dream of the new world in which he was about to adventure alone. Chapter IL In meditating far months, and vears even over the means of gratifying his irrepressible heart-hnnger, Frank had drawn for himself so vivid a picture of the difficulties with which he would have to contend, the privations he wonld have to endure, that the reality agreeably disappointed him. He bad not indulged the hope that he would be able at once to live by his pencil, and he had planned in the first instance to look for a subsistence by teaching. In this scheme he was aided by his good friends at the rectory, who had taken much interest in his resolve, and by whose assistance he came np to London with one engagement already formed. His laborious, painstaking, patient disposition, and his overflowing good humour, fitted him admirably for the wora, and in tbe course of a short time he had as many pupils as he could take without trenching too mncb on the time neceasary for private practice, and for attendance ou the art-school which he joined on his arrival in London. He had brought with him a considerable number of veiy carefully finished drawings, landscapes, and studies of rustic subjects, and he had been able to dispose of many of them ; ao that when he balanced his accounts at the end of the first six months he had the satisfac tion of finding that not only was the sum he had brought with him unbroken, bnt that he had, after paying all expenses, a few pounds of honourably-earned money to cany him through the next month or two. He did not, however, relax the abstemious and almost penurions habits he had seen fit to adopt. He break fasted on oatmeal porridge, and went on tbe strength of that meal all day. He would dine on a handful of haricot beaus, and make a luxurious supper off a cup of tea or cocoa and a rolL And be throve on it His spirits rose as his prospects brightened, and he whistled at bis work with infinite contentment His step was elastic, his eye clear, his langh gay, though it must not be imagined that he was without his sad moments, when he thought, as he did every day, of the old lonely father at home. He wrote to him regularly every week, long, bright, pnriOYTill lnffaec And La md il And m_abJ and treasured up the few brief responses that came from the old man, who was no great proficient in the art of penman ship. A year had passed since the August morning when he had taken his last look at Horksmead. He had prospered beyond bis hopes, bnt he had never felt more serious misgivings as to his ability to achieve that nobler Bnccess which he most coveted — the glory of a place, however hnmble, among the true artiste of his country. He had reached an elevation from whioh, looking back on the plain he had left, it seemed far away ; but when he turned bis eyes to the sun lit summits they appeared more remote than ever, and the ascent steeper than it ever seemed before. The thought did not depress him or make him waver in his purpose, but it made his mood more serious and thoughtful. It was in one of these graver moods that he stood one mornlDg before his easel contemplating a nearly finished picture, and criticising, with Spartan severity, drawing, compo sition, and colour, when the door opened behind him, and in walked " old Dan Farden" himself, gaiters, corduroys, Brass buttons, and all. " Father !" exclaimed Frank, with a start " I did not hope to see yon here ; but it is very pleasant to see you, and looking so well too." " Yes, bor, ay a' come to see yow. Ay saay, what's the proper price ova cab up here from Shudditch 1" " I don't know, father," said Frank, with a laugh. " I walked when I came." " Bayht, bor, rayht But yow oughter know what the price is. The chap arst ma fowr shiUins", and ay paid 'un ; but ay should laike to know ef 'twas rayht" And then looking at the picture on the easel he said, "Did you da that, booiiy I" " Ye9, father ?" " Well, that's prime — for a picter. What du yow get for thing laike that now "" " Oh, at present, father, I have to get pretty much what I can. I am going to ask ten pounds," he said. " Lord a mussy, boooy," exclaimed the old man, " yow wun't nivver get it" " Perhaps not, father. If I can't I must get as mnch as £ can : but I think it is worth it" " Well, booby, well ; yow'Il see. And how are yow a-gettin' on 1 Spent all your money 1" " Put on your glasses, father," said the lad, turning to his desk and producing from it his bank-book, in which the old man read with amazement that Frank had ia balance of one hundred and eighty- five pounds, while at the same time the young fellow showed Ilia that his purse was not unfurnished of petty cash; Old Dan Farden's countenance fell. He had come up to town pretty well as sured that the boy would have had enough of it by this time ; that his money would be spent ; that he would have been sickened by trouble and dis appointment ; and that his health would probably have suffered from Loildou smoke ; assured that he would have now only to offer his forgiveness, to clear his score, to wait ' while he packed his trunks, and to carry him back trium phantly from his silly dream to Horks- meade and a sensible life as a farmer. And here was the unconscionable rascal rosy, blithe, merry, with a balance at his banker's, and actually going to ask ten pounds for a picture of which " the paints " had not perhaps cost him three shillings ! " You don't mean to come back to Horksmead, then" he said, after a pause. " I don't mean to give up my work, father," replied Frank. "Yow moind yow'Il ha' to maake your own waay, booby ?" " Yes, father ; and it is no more than you have done before me, and bravely done. You wouldn't wish me to be less of a man than my father % Father, I don't care about the property ; I dou't think of it ; but I wish this step of mine did not vex you." "That du, bor : that du. But some how 't don't fare so bad as 't did at fust Fd set ma heart on seeiu' yow in the old plaace, and — but there, it ain't no use s-talkiu'. Yow'Il goo yowr own waay. And so, what do yow saay about dinner ?" " There isn't mnch to offer you, father, here. Can you pick a cold mut ton bone ?" asked Frank. "Ay, booby. I've maad ma dinner off wnss than that, many's tbe daay. But ay ain't come up to Lunnon to feed on yow. Yow come and ha' yowr dinner along ov me." After dinner Frank proposed that they should go to the exhibition of the Boyal Academy, perhaps with some latent thought that, seeing the splendours on the walls, and the admiration they ex cited, his father wonld think better of tbe profession of an artist. "Exhibition!" said the old man. " Well, ay don't mind if ay do. This is an idle daay, yow know, booby." Arrived at Trafalgar Square, Frank led the way first to the National Gallety, where he called his father's attention to the Garvagh Raphael, then just pur chased, as he told him, for nine thousand pounds. "Lord a massy me, boooy 1 Yow don't saay so ! What, that little mite ! Why, lor < yon taake ma breath awaay. Nine thousand pound for that little thing ? Thaay must a' had a mort ov money as give it." Many a fashionable visitor at the Royal Academy smiled at the rustic figure of the big nmn of Horksmead, as he accompanied his handsome son through the rooms. Finding a vacant seat, he threw himself into it to collect his faculties ; while Frank, with the ardour of a devotee, tried to understand the mysteiy of Millaia's Romans Leaving Britain. The mingled blues and greens and russets of the sea, the fierce passion of the woman who is being bereft of her lord, that union of delicacy and strength — how did he attain them f The father watched bim with a puzzled expression. How was it possible the boy conld take more interest iu these things than in oats, and wheat, and barley, and " turmuts," and keeping np the old home at Horksmead. It was like witchcraft to him. And yet, in the mellowed mood of mind that had come over him, he wished that he could enter more into his boy's feelings ; for there was in tbe bnrly, ragged frame, and beneath the stern manner, a tender and affectionate nature, the yearnings of which his slow speech and scanty store of words were inadequate to utter, even if the habits of self-repression, fixed in from his earliest years, had been legs operative than they were. Presently his thoughts strayed to other themes, and uic H6UCM ui wuuuer uegau uj give way w» weariness. His son took him to look at this, that, or tbe other picture, and he complied with his wish good hnmonredly enongh, but with evident lack of interest, constantly adding : " But we shall lose our seats, boooy ; we must ha' good seats." Even Frank, who usually read bis father's thoughts well, was puzzled by this anxiety about the seats until the mysteiy was explained by bis asking abruptly : "Ay saay, booby, wben's tb' exhibition gooin' to begin 3 We shall be laite." " Exhibition, father !" said Frank. " Why this is the exhibition !" " What the menden, bor 1" cried the old man, starting up. Why, it's nnthln but picters !" There was a momentary fiuBhof vexation on Frank's face, but it was rapidly suc ceeded by a laugh as he recognised the width of the great gulf that had to be bridged before they could have one common thought about art ; and for the rest of the day he spoke no more on the theme. He even accompanied bis father to Madame Tusaaud'e, and with imper turbable good-humour heard him institute comparisons between the gorgeous figures there and tbe Garvagh Raphael — com parisons by no meanB in favour of Sanzio'6 Madonna. Frank's career, as we have seen, was on the whole a successful one ; but he soon took the measure of his own powers, and acknowledged to himself that he was no genins. He was deficient in imagi nation ; his range was very limited. But in a restricted field he obtained something vezy like perfection, and he was fortunate enough to obtain a place at the Boyal Academy exhibition with a picture that caught the public taste. Commissions came to him thickly ; he was able to give np teaching, and to devote himBelf entirely to painting. He met with generous encouragement from artiste of assured position, prospered more and more, and presently took to himself a wife, the daughter of one of his teachers who had discerned and cherished the capabilities of the rustic aspirant to artistic honours. His good old father came up to see him once or twice a year, and listened with ever-increasing bewilderment as he heard of the prices his pictures realised. .He thought the people who gave one and even two hundred pounds for them " hadn't got all their battens." " You daa't saay so, boooy I" he wonld exclaim ; " bnt yon wnn't nivver sell one for nine thousand pound, like that little 'no in the show, will yon f" " No dad," Frank wonld answer with | a laugh, " I dun't think I shaU. But pic- I tores we like wine, they improve by keeping, and I won't venture to nay what they may sell for when they are mellowed by age. But they're creeping up, daddy ; and 1 saw one of 'mine sold by auction the other day which fetched four times what I got for it" " Oh, ay. You didu't take your pigs to tbe rayht market, bor. " You'll know better now, won't you ?" But though they chatted thus the old man never looked with complacency on the abandonment of the old place. In his heart he was not reconciled to the step, and as he paced the fields at Horksmead, or wandered among the carved and trimmed shrnbs of his garden, he would often fall back into the mood of indignant wonder that anyone — much less his only son — should have been able to relinquish these delights to go and maak picters up in Lunnon." And year by year his locks whitened, and the furrows deepened, though he was hale and strong still. He had, too, his milder, meditative hours, and he had never, I think, been happier than when Frank and his wife came down to Horksmead for their autumnal visit, and he danced upon his knee a happy imperious little cherub of a grandchild. Frank was seated one morning at his easel when an artist friend dropped in, well- freighted with artistic gossip. He had done the round of his studios, so far as his connection permitted ; knew what the Academicians were going to send in, had scores of second -baud reports of pictures he had not seen ; conld give some wrinkles about capital models ; had come upon charming rustic bite that were worth studying ; had some spicy intel ligence of jealousies between certain artists of note ; retailed some ill-natured ion mots of the great art critic ; and so rattled on with immeasurable self -content as he blew great clouds of potent shag, and Frank worked steadily on, tolerating rather than liking it at alL " Bnt I must be going, old man," the visitor said at length, coming np to the easel " I say, old fellow, you'll have to subdne that light ; it takes all repose out of the picture. The whole of this bank ought to be in shadow. Oh, by the way, talking of banks, have yon heard of the last great bank smash! The City and Wessex has oome down an awful cropper ; liabilities a couple of millions, they say ; assets notbing-and- a-half and several piona reputations, winch will be disposed of at an alarming sacrifice. Yon haven't anything in it, I hope !" " No, nothing," said Frank, very intent on his work. " Then, scissors and gooseberries ! Frank, you've been drinking new vine wherein is excess, for I'm a kippered herring if you're not daubing yonr work like a house-painter. Come away, man ; don't pat another touch on it now, or yon'll ruin it. You've done more harm to it in the last two minutes than you'll do good in a week. Come away and he had laid violent hands on him, dragging him away from the easel. . "Why, my dear old fellow," he ex claimed, " forgive my joking ; I did'nt know ; bat you look like a ghost. You are really iiL" "I am a little giddy, I think," said Frank; "but I shall be right in a few minutes. I will go and bathe my head. Good-bye, Hartley." " I wouldn't leave yon like this," said the kind-hearted fellow, "but that I know yon will be well looked after. I shall look yon up to-morrow. Ta, ta ! Take care of yourself" As soon as his good-natured friend had gone, Frank proceeded to wash his brashes, to clean his palette, and to go through the other phases of what he called his "Saturday settling," for he had brought with him from the country toe habit of observing the rest-day religiously, and he was most unartistically methodical and neat. When eveiything was settled he made his way to the room which was designated " the nureery," though as yet; betides the rampant little rascal of whom we have spoken, there was only one small decimal fraction of humanity to tenant it. " Minnie, dear," said he, as he closed the door behind him, "Fve just had some very bad news." " Fiddle-de- de, sir 1" said that practical iicue woman " xuuna uui guuig w frighten as with yonr long faces ; is he, my jewel!" Here a shower of interro gative caresses was bestowed upon the sleeping beauty. " We know what it is. That nasty model of yours has a black eye, and I always said he drank ; you know I did. He makes the whole house smell when he comes into it I say, hubby, jost look here ; isn't she a little beauty ! Oh, Frank, did yon ever see each a lovely little dimple! Oh, my precious." "No, Minnie, dear, It's much worse than a black eye — even though it were baby's." Here the young matron shud dered perceptibly. "Hartley has just been in, and he tells me the City and Wessex Bank has failed. Father trusted it absolutely, and I believe all the eavings of his life were invested in it If what Hartley tells me is trne he is com pletely rained. I must go down to Horksmead at onoe, and learn how the matter stands" There is no eloquence to be compared with a woman's. Wrenching herself from the contemplation of baby's dimples, the wife threw her arms round him, and in one long comprehensive kiss assured him that she understood his apprehensions and sympathised in his grief She divined his fears, she antici pated his plans. " Hartley talks wildly, Frank, some times. You must not take it for granted that what he cays is true. Bnt give my love to grandpa, and tell him that fate room is always ready, and that he must come and make his home with us." And with that loving message to supplement his own filial devotion Frank sought the old familiar home, where he fonnd that he had not over-estimated the magnitude of the calamity. The struc ture which had been builded by the care and prudence of a lifetime had fallen at one crash, and not one etone was left upon another. The old man received him with stern bluntnesa. " What brings yow here, boooy!" he said." " Bnt ay know what it is. Yow've hard that the bank's gone to Bmash. Bnt yon can't do no good. Ay must fayht my fayht alone. Ay done it afore, and ay ken do it agen. And yow ha' done yowr fayhting alone ; ay didn't help yow, - and yow marn't help me." "Yon gave me a good start, father," Frank began. " Ay, ay, boooy," he interrupted. Ay give ye a hundred ponnd. Av mind - it." " Yes, and yon gave me more than : that, father. I thwarted 'you in your! dearest wish.. I spoilt the: puipose of yonr life ; I overclouded -its -brightness.; I thought the cloud woold paas,andthat you would come to see that I was right You have never done that, and yet in all these years yoa have never given me one word of reproach. Do you think I have not felt that ! That if it iB possible for me now to be of some service to you, to take some part of the care and trouble that has fallen on you, through no fault of your own, that to do so will be to me like the payment of a holy debt ?" The old man's voice was husky with emotion as he answered : " My boooy, I'm proud on ye. Ay was hard on ye when yow would goo yowr own waay, bnt ay wanted to du the rayht thing by ye, an' ay a' wanted to du the rayht thing hy all men." " And honourably have you done so always, father," said Frank. " Ay, boooy, an' ay will do. No man shall nivver say that he was the wuss becausehehad dealinswithDanFardeu," said the old man proudly. "Will it be complete ruin for you, father !" asked Frank. " Yes, boooy ; I reckon that'll be about the figure. Ay can't saay for sartin just yet, but ay reckons ay'll have to begin life all over agen. Ay shall pay eveiybody to the last ha'penny, but there wun't be nothin' over. Ay've worked it all out i' nia mind, and ay inaak it out that ther'll be enough to paay everybody, and then ay shall have to begin agen, as ay did more nor forty year agoo. Ay'm strong and hearty yet Thank God for that" " No, no, father," exclaimed Frank ; « you must not think of that. If all has gone, you must come and live with ua Minnie charged me to tell you so, with her best love." " Do yow tell her I thank her kindly, booby. She's got the heart of a lady, and yow've got a good thing there, bor ; but you marn't maak a woman o' me 'Taint no use o' me saayin' ay don't feel it, losing aU that ay've been workin' fer all ma life, but one way ay'm thankful for it, it kinder brings us closer together than we've been afore Yow and yowr good wife marn't think ay don't feel yowr kind ness because ay saay no. But ay mast goo ma own waay, and fayht my own fayht over agen. It ain't no use a- talkin' any more about it now. Mebbe it won't turn out quite so bad as it seem, but ay can't tell yow any more yet" There were further conversations, but always to the same effect ; and Frank, after a day or two, finding he was unable to be of service, and that his presence and his arguments seemed rather to vex and disturb than to soothe and persuade his father, returned to London to wait for a more favourable opportunity. Some weeks passed without his hearing how matters progressed, or receiving any answer to his weekly letters, but this did not make him uneasy. Although he feared that the ruin would be complete, he knew that the winding-up of affairs must take time, and that his father was not likely to write until there was news of importance to send. Still, day by day, be watched with increasing anxiety for the postman's visit : and, as soon as he felt that he could do so without wounding his father's susceptibilities, he once more went down to Horksmead. Dan Farthing's cottage stood in a gentle hollow in a bend of the road, so that it did not come into view till the traveller was close upon it, and Frank, as he turned the angle, was surprised to see scaffolding poles erected and labourers at work. He quickened his pace through the winding paths of the quaint Dutch garden, and coming upon a workman whom he knew, soon learnt that the place had been sold, and that the rugged, self-reliant, proud old man had taken up his dwelling in a poor mean cottage. With a bitter pang at heart he hastened to this cottage ; a low, thatched mud-walled, one-storied building, con sisting of only two rooms. It was in some such dwelling as this that his father had begun life, bnt he himself had had no experience of a home 60 squalid save as a picturesque object for ms sxetcnes. ne remembered many of the additions being made to his father's house but in his earliest recol lections it was still a comfortable and commodious place. He paused at the threshold, and there was no souud within ; he stepped on to the low brick floor, and the atmosphere of the dark room was stifling ; he could hardly stand upright in the cabin. A plain deal table and a few wooden chairs were all its furniture, and there was no sign that it had been recently occupied. His father, he thought, was probably in the fields. But no ; there was a sound from that iiiner room, a voice that he knew. It was even smaller, this second apartment, than the one in which he stood ; it was almost filled by one rush-bottomed obir and a wretched pallet, and on this pallet lay his father, nntended, alone. He was muttering and failMng rapidly. As his son entered he turned an eye upon him, and. paused for an instant, but he did not appear to recognise him "Aytell'ee ay ken du it," he said; " ay'm strong and hearty. Owe no man. anything — ay ha' paad 'em alL You shan't write to the boooy ; there ain't- no call for that ; ay won't ha' yon du it. Ay ha' med ma waay once, and ay ken du it again. They're a-gooin' dog cheap. Ay nivver bought 'em at that Throw it out o th' winder ay tell'ce, throw it out o' th' winder — ay won't ha' no charity. Ay ha' paad 'em all, and ay can work. Yow won't niwer git nine thousand pound, boooy, yow can't oome np to that. Why don't you shut the door, Nanny! Bolt it fast ay tell'ee. Ay wun't ha' 'em come to look' at me ; get along wi' ye ; ay don't want no help." Frank was shocked and bewildered beyond measure, but he roused himself promptly to the necessity for action. Hurrying to the nearest cottage, he despatched a messenger for a dootor and a nurse, and he learnt that his friends at the Beotoiy had been for some time on the continent; and, though he was thus deprived of valuable counsel and assistance in the hour of need, he was relieved from the sense of disheartening surprise that they should have allowed this wretchedness to befall without his knowledge. With all convenient speed lie jras back at the cottage, and there through the long night-watches he sat bathing the fevered brow, around which the crown of silver hairs shone in the dim light like a glory; listening to incoherent utterances which disclosed, as lightning flashes reveal the landscape, the intense suffering that had been undergone, nnd the tamelesB pride ihat could not brook R pitying eye. Towards morning the old man fell into a quiet sleep, aud Frank, worn out with his journey, and his watching, dozed uneasily in the rickety chair in which repose was impossible. Every now and then lie started, half ashamed that lie should have lost consciousness even for an instant The nurse had no such scruples. Frank liad seen that she was tired, and had told her to rest if she could. She had extemporised a very fair lounge iu the adjoining room, and was soon snoring away as though the world had not a sorrow to be soothed. Even in the midst of his grief and his care Frank could but smile at the ridiculous situation in which he was placed, for the hovel was so small that- the substantial form of the nurse almost blocked up the door way, and had he needed to leave his station he must have passed over it. The, note of the night-jar as it swept by thrilled Mm for a moment like an evil omen, and he turned to the bed with a spasm of alarm ; but his father was breathing regularly, aud was smiling in his sleep. Then trivial things took hold on his mind with a power which was at once tyrannical and absurd. He found Mmself watching with an interest only due to sentient life the shadows on wall and ceiling. More than once he laughed softly as some ludicrous re semblance to persons whom he had known struck his fancy. IThen, some how, there was present to his mind the bright and cheerful nursery at St John's "Wood, but surely it was altered. There used to be no window in the corner, and the ceiling used to be higher. This could not be healthy for children : but he must make no noise ; they are asleep now. Ah, clumsy, that chair will fall and wake them ; he hastens to cateh it ; and his head comes forward with a jerk, and he starts ; and there with wide open eyes lies the good father looking at bim "Why, bor," he exclaims feebly, " ay didn't expec' to see yow. What have vow come for!" F rank1 s only answer was to stoop down over the homely couch, and reverently to kiss the pale furrowed brow ; but it was a sufficient answer. " It's good of ye, bor, to come. But ay told 'em not to send for y& Ay've been a bit queer, ay think ; but ay'm all rayht agen now ; an' ay must get up and goo to work. Just lend us a hand, will yow !" " You must hot think of getting up for a day or two, father." said Frank. " You have been worse than yon think ; but a few days will set you up again, and then we must get you out of t.his place." The old man made an effort to raise Mmself, but fell back on Ms pillow. " Ay believe yow"re right, bor," he said. "I'm as weak as a cat. But yow marn't mind about the plaace. Taint up to the cottage, is it ! but that'll do for a bit, and ay'll soon mend it, you'll see. Ay ain't to be beat. Old Nanny, she come in every day and dn for me a bit She's mortal bad with her rheumatics at times, but she man ages to get up and cook me a bit o' wittles, and tidy the place. She's willing, poor old gal ; but, Lord bless yow, die's no more intellec' than a child o' two." The old man improved steadily, and in the course of a day or two he was able to get out in the bright sunshine, leaning on Ms son's arm. Frank dared not propose even now that he should go to live with Mm permanently in London, but he argued, and in this he was supported by the doctor, that the change of air was essential for Mm; and he at last obtained Ms consent to the proposal that he should pay a visit to St John's "Wood as soon as he was able to travel, as the shortest way to regain the strength wMch was essential for the working out of his own plana Once there it would be their business to keep Mm. And they knew how to set to work. The bright and winsome ways of Ms daughter-in-law, the considerate care of Frank and Ms evident delight in keep ing Mm, and, above all, the fascinations of Ms exacting little grandson, took away all sense of irksomeness. They did not — these good people — attempt to argue Mm out of his scheme of he- ginning life anew ; but if ever the re turn to Horksmead was spoken of they found some plausible reason for post poning it, and the old man recurred to it at constantly increasing intervals of time. At first he used to say that he must go back ; then he would exclaim that he really ought to go ; a little longer, and he would say, " it fared as if he never was to go ;" and then at last he acknowledged that he didn't mind if he never did go. And so it has oome about that the brave and sturdy old fellow is a fixture in Frank's household, and is loved by every member of it He likes to sit with a long churchwarden in the studio, with an ever fresh sense of the wonder of the thing, watching his boy at work, and it was only the other day he said : " Yow'd ha' been in a bad case now, boooy, if yow'd a stopped wi' me, as ay wanted ye tu. Yow chuse for yowrself, and yow chuse rayht" " It vexed yon at the time, father," said Frank. " That did, boooy, cruel," he replied simply. " But you agree to it now, father!" asked his son with an assured smile. " Ay, boooy ; hearty, ay du. I never thought to ha' done it But ay was a pig-headed old fooL Yew done rayht And yow was honourable and brave all through, and ay'm proud on ye, ina boooy. Yow've the old man's falessm' on yowr work ; T gree to it hearty." 