The Advertiser MONDAY, MAY 10, 1880. In the " Warehouse class of buildings,' composing all warehouses, breweries, dis-<*> tilleries, manufactories, or workshops, there is abundant field for legislation, and in no department of tmilding u there man necetfity for careful thought in the framing of an Act efficiently regulating and re atzfctng such erectkna. Much. diacosaioD baa taken place from time to time involving the question of area, the chimneys appei "taininp to mxehouaea, the thickness of the walls of any buiMing of thu daas, and the limitation of height, anaject only to apeeia aanctipn wifen ameftjU?g a special limit* The £ngtiah Act bu named two hundred and sixteen thousand cubic feet as the extreme of every warehouse or other build ing uaed wholly or in part for the purposes of traae 01 manufacture unkas such ware house: or other building shall be divided by "pa£y walls" in each a manner that ,tin oontent? of each division shall inot exceed the before-mentioned number bf ieet No doubt the limitation of the! cabacaleo?te?teof warehouse build ings ie a question of public safety, and is £carce)y within the domain of axehiteetural art, the absolute separation of bnfldings over a certain aiea rendering the danger a! fire much leas. We fcave referred in former , articles te various principles of construe- ; tion; our hut dealt with hygienio con- ' etructiontn its rejeation to £he publichealtii, but the great principle still untouched is that appropriately named as "aphlogistic construction," that is to say construction without flame or fire. Fire-nasting ma terials are e?sentialln warehouaes and other huildingsof a similar class, and legisladve regulation for their use should be obliga tory. 'Thehifltaryof every large city bears teetimony to Una. The calamitous fires of Chicago, Newcastle, the City Flour Mills, the Tooleywtreet warehouses, and Pan technicon fires of {jondon are pregnant with warning, and it behoves those framing any Act forthe regulation of buildings in Adelaide to properly define what fire resisting materials really axe. In clause 21 of the Bill introduced last year by lit. Bray, 34. P., one of the rules laid down t reads as follows c—" Ib every, bnildiog the floors of the lobbies, eorridor, passages, and landings,'and also the flights of stairs, shall be of etone or other fireproof material, and^airried by supports of a fire proof material." A reference to the reports of fires will show that stone staircases are not fire-resisting, they calcine and snap when exposed to great heat, and it is through this very danger that it is supposed the late Mr. Braid wood, of the London Fire Brigade, lost his life. Another objection occurs to us. Stone or slate staircase steps are usually tailed into Trails; the sta bility of the latter is thus greatly imperilled if not absolutely impaired by such tailing, and we are strongly of the opinion that to guard against any such contingen cies all stain, floors, and beams should have independent support either by corbelling, iron sockets, or carriages, as suggested by Captain Shaw, of the London fire Brigade. The best non- combustible material for steps has been proved to be concrete, with cement treads and risers, although wood protected by cement is admitted to be fire- resisting. Unfortunately many if not the majority of buildings belonging to the "warehouse class" in Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and the populous towns of the colony are eminently insecure, whether in their connection with the Port River and its shipping, with ad joining properties, or as to the form of construction adopted. To all woodwork internally, mechanically, and otherwise de fective the application of stringent laws in euch cases is essential, and that legislation (though cases of individual hardship might arise) would tend to the collective good will be admitted, when the awful results of a calamitous fire at Port Adelaide, with its shipping, are fairly and fully considered. Fire resisting construction should be suffi cient and perfect, and afford an adequate guarantee of efficiency. We have named two hundred and sixteen thousand cubic feetas the contents of any warehouse covered by one roof in London; yet withal, according to the report of Captain Shaw, the increase of fires has been over 100 per cent, in thirty years, notwithstand ing the fact that population has increased only by 75 per cent:, and houses by 82 per cent. The experience of Mr. A. J. Baker, Mr. Abrahams, Mr. Turnbull, and others j would be valuable contributions to this branch of our subject. Their experience has been both long and varied. Larga buildings will of course increase with die growth of trade, population, and the prosperity of the colony. Everywhere in our midst this is apparent, and striking illustrations occur to us. Buildings of this class should not only be erected of fire- resisting materials, but should be supplied with apparatus for ex tinguishing fire should unfortunately neces sity arise. Wooden story posts are matters open to grave objection because com bustible. These if used should be rendered incombustible, or should be placed at a required and safe distance from the centre I of any party or external wall. Legislation is essentially necessary in the smallest matters. In the Bill introduced last year we notice that clause 27 in the third para graph provides that party wall openings "shall h*ve the floor jambs and head formed of brick, stone, or iron, and be closed by two wrought-iron doors, each one-fourth of an inch thick in the panel," &c; bat strange to say, omits any binding provision as to closing such doors at night, when the danger of fire is most to be feared. There is one point structural in its character yet untouched, and intimately connected with aphlogistic construction; we refer to the horizontal divisions of warehouses. These should not be opposed to vertical divisions; the former are futile unless brick arches are on fire proof supports; the first-named are in sufficient without the other. Iron should j be protected by plastering in cement, or by an incombustible or non-conducting external coating, because it has been proved by the investigations into the character of mate rials that have best stood the test of great fires that iron under fire cracks when -water is applied. We have already remarked on the inefficiency of stone or slate staircases, but another danger should be carefully legislated against. It has been shown that staircases within buildings have caused fearful ravages, and have been the means | of destroying large blocks of property, by giving an impetus to th? devouring ele ment,-and conveying it from floor to floor vertically. According to the evidence of some of the leading professional architects of London and elsewhere no staircases should be within the walls of warehouse buildings. This precaution is needed in order to prevent up and down ventilation ; 1 if laterally ventilated the danger from fire j is decreased. Fireproof walls, doors, sashes, and other details should be dealt with in any Building Act, and this is the more necessary because increasing trade requires larger buildings as year by year rolls away. Our remarks upon aphlogistic construction are more ot less associated with the necessities of trade, of insurance companies, and the public safety; but the . last-named is also intimately bound up in the character of our public buildings, such as theatres, places of public wor ship, or rooms used for the assemblage of persons in a large number for whatever purpose; in a word all erections belonging i to the public building class. A Building ] Act should specially provide for proper outlets from all such buildings, exits in accordance with well denned principles, j areas proportionate to dimnmrirt^ and with fire mains wherever practicable. The ex perience in almost every populous city testifies to the necessity which exists for stringent legislation in this direction. Within the last twenty years, or there abouts, the public have been shocked from time to time by -the accounts of lives sacrificed and of people maimed for life, arising from a sudden panic or cry of fire, in buildings without sufficient outlets, where large feoncour?ee of men and women have assembled. The deplorable catastrophe at the Royal Surrey Gardens Music Hall, when used by the Bev. C. H. Spurgeen for preaching purposes, and the case of the Victoria Theatre, with their attendant loss of life, occur to us. In both these instances a sudden alarm created a panic, followed by a general stampede amidst the wildest disorder. No controlling power passible, the principle of sauve giti petit led to many being crushed to death, stamped upon, or hurled in every direction. It may be ad mitted that bad results would follow such a scene if enacted in any public building, but the calamitous results might be greatly mitigated by a proper attention to the means of ingress and egress in public buildings. There are even in this colony buildings for which better facilities in this direction than exist at the present time might be provided. We have thought it necessary to dwell at length on the leading principlea which •herald govern any Building Act, and in concluding- our remarks and suggestions we may allude to an important essential in connection with the governing body ■which should be provided for the administration of a Building Act. la addition to the suggested board of works and its surveyors a competent tri bunal should be appointed to deal with difficult questions and matters of appeal from the decisions of the hitter. It would be an advantage not to be underrated that building matters should be decided on by j persons professing the art of building, and not toy magistrates or lawyers only. The Act, to a certain extent penal in its cha racter, would be shorn of the difficulties in obtaining legal decisions if this tribunal were assimilated to the practice in shipping and other matters, where assessors assist the presiding magistrate by their special and technical knowledge. It is no injustice to say that from the vagueness with which legal minds comprehend the technicalities of art it would be more satisfactory, even to them, to be associated with gentleman educated to the profession, and it is a matter for the gravest consideration whether a court of official referees divested of any legal member, as in France, is not the best tribunal for appeal in such cases as cannot be settled by the dis trict surveyor, the only matters to be re garded beisg th« safety of the public against insecure and unhealthy construction and the spread of fire, There are other details in connection with this most im portant and much- needed Act to which we shall hereafter call attention. Meanwhile we express the hope that the Government will deal with the question in a compre hensive """"f at an early date* When Mr. Gladstone was called upon to form a Ministry in 1868 ke encountered the same difficulty with the Kwiicftl party as he has experienced at present. Then as now it was said that the Liberal triumph was greatly owing to Radical efforts, and that the Liberal majority could only be maintained by Radical aid. To the Whigs of the old school, indeed, the whole aspect of the House of Commons seemed altered after 1808, and the Radical element, which formerly had been confined belowthe gang way, overflowed, and even penetrated to the Treasury benches. Claims were made for recognition of the changed state of affairs, and they were answered by the admission of Mr. John Bright and Mr. Stanefield into the Cabinet, the Utter of whom had previously been hounded out of office in 1864 because of his supposed intimacy and sympathy with Mazzini—an outcry in which Mr. Disraeli did not think it unworthy of him to take part The former of these gentle men is included in the present Cabinet, as also is Sir W. Vernon Harcourt, who was appointed Mr. Gladstone's Solicitor-General in 1873; and yet the Prime Minister has found difficulty in appeasing the thirst for office of the party of progress, and has been constrained to make sure of their allegiance by die offer of a seat in the Cabinet to Mr. Chamberlain, of the Postmaster-General ship to Professor Fawcett, and of minor offices to Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Mun della. In part, this shows that the strength of Radicalism has in<>p?ftt?^ within the last ten years; in part also that the mollifying influence of office and of age has somewhat toned down the youthful ardor of these more seasoned politicians. John Bright, for ex ample, who for a second time takes a place I in the Cabinet, is not the terrible dema- ! gogue of a quarter of a century ago, whose accession to office then would have been j regarded by Tories generally as the begin ning of the end of all sublunary things. "If ever I am a Cabinet Minister, which is a bold figure of speech," said Mr. Bright in a debate 22 years ago when Lord Derby : was Premier, and the house recognised ' the boldness of the figure with shouts of laughter. He was regarded as the very incarnation of RaHtfjiiipm then, and on his accession to office much speculation was afloat as to his bearing on presentation at Court, and as to his influence as a disturbing element in the Cabinet. Pro bably he was the first Quaker since William Peon's time who had ever entered iha pre cincts of a Court; certainly he was the first on record to be sworn in as a Privy Councillor and addressed as Bight Honor able. The very acceptance of office altered his demeanor considerably. He became at once a bit of a courtier and a Radical with a leaven of Conservatism. On his presenta tion to the Queen he did not bow the knee though he kissed the hand, and the little speech which he is reported to have sub sequently made to the Princess Royal, "wherever the Princess of England goes she carries sunshine with her," shows that Quaker and Radical as he was, he was not slow to adopt courtly phrase if not to in. dulee in courtly flattery. We recall these incidents now because they help to reassure those of us who are timid about the large infusion of Radicalism into the present Ministry by reminding us that the most rampant and rabid lose much of their fierceness when circumstances j change, and that, the cares and exigencies of office are excellent tutors to greater tem perance in language and moderation in counsel. Though in a lesser degree, the same remark applies to Sir W. V. Harcourt; who supersedes Mr. Gross as Home Secre tary, and who, although defeated in seek ing re-election at Oxfoid on taking office, is certain to find a place in the Imperial Par liament. This learned and eloquent gentle man is by no means so careless of speech and pen as when he wrote to the Times under the notn de flume of "Historicus," or con tributed radico- philosophic essays to the pages of the Saturday Review. Ha is still outspoken, and aspires too palpably to be considered the "funny man of his party"—a reckless sort of ambi tion which has of late caused him to carry his witticisms almost to the borders of vul garity. Nevertheless to him and to his speeches, next to Mr. Gladstone and his, the Liberals largely owe their present suc cess at the poll. In his new office he will have abundant scope for his exuberance of energy, but it remains to be seen ■whether his peculiar gifts are such as to fit him for the duties of this particular poet. Hie predecessor has on the whole done his work admirably, though his choice for the office by Mr, Disraeli was at the time thought a taaardons one. Up tiH tie time he was appointed he bad not distinguished himself except by defeatisg' Mr. Gladstone for Soath-West Lanm∈, but bis industry and success vindicated Lord Beaeonsfield's judgment, and gave another fltastration of that instinct fa* has often shown in discovering and de veloping latest talent. If Sir W. V, Harcourt perfoims his new duties as satis factorily as Mr. Cro?s has done he will da well. Generally it may beeaii that the 9&at; Radicals who have received high appoint ments are at least men of undoubted ability. Mr. Chamberlain has his crotchets, and has been blessed with an unusually good conceit of himself, but he has given abundant proof of capacity beyond his years, and his business habits and astute- - ness should stand him in good stead as President of the Board of Trade; and maka him at least as successful in that ofsce~sa Viscount Sandon has ever been. It is im possible to name Professor Fawcett's ap pointment as Postmaster-General without a. sentiment of respect for the man who has so glwioualy triumphed over difficulties which might well have, overwhelmed a less indomitable spirit than. his. The calamity which deprived him of sight did not paralyse his energies or quench his ardor. It scarcely eren caused a break in his literary career, and five years after the accident which resulted in his total blindness be was elected Professor of Political Economy at Cambridge, and as a soholar and thinker there axe few in England or elsewhere who can surpass or equaljhim. Many T.ihArnln have no sym pathy with many of tbe views which ha has carefully elaborated, and which bo honestly maintains; but as he is not is the Cabinet his idioayncracies are of less moment, while, his clear perceptions gtM^ mental vigor will find ample scope in tbe management of the vast department over which he presides. Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Mandella will probably be the least manageable of the ftxAy?^ section in office. They are both able but opimonative men;, in their owa departments they will walk well enough, while their appointment will satisfy the ex pectations of those who believe jui them* and after all the inflmmfft they can wield in shaping the policy at the Cabinet -will be "of ""the most is nmiesunaljcharacter. In Earl Ximberley'a hands the interests of the cokunee are safe, and Mr.ForEter'e appointment will both be salutary and satisfactory to the-people of Ireland. It remains only that we refer to an appointment which, next to the Premier ship, is the most important in the Cabinet —that of Earl Granrille to the Foreign Office. It might have been better perhass jf political exigencies had permitted Lord Granville to become Premier* but as that could not be, bis *""""ptifln of i the seals of «he Foreign Office is a good earnest of tie permanence as well as a* hopeful sign of the policy of the new Ad ministration. There is no need of blinking the fact that Mr. Gladstone is no Jbvorite at Court, and that bis name is not held is the highest reverence among many of tha political magnates of Europe; and herein lies the rock ahead far the Murietzy. The slight pnt upon Mr. Gladstone at the mar riage of the Duke of Connanght was an indication of the feeling in royal circles as well- as' of the personal animosity of Lord Beaconsfield; and the unwillingness of the Queen to send for Mr. Gladstone at once in the present crisis points in the ■*""? direc tion. But £ari. Granville has teen « courtier from his youth up, and as the Foreign Secretary has almost as much occasion for communication with the Queen as the Premier himself, it u -wail that bis personal interest, is secured to smooth and sweeten what might otherwise be some what unpleasant relationships. Beside^, Lord GxahviUe is respected among tbe poli ticians of Jsurepe as much at least as Ixnd Salisbury was, antHhoagh his policy most necessarily be that of his Cst&neT; there is certainly no man in the Liberal party whom the bulk of ifagii>?i™«?n wonlft prefer to be intrusted -with the care of British interest* mid the intrigues and pitfsUa of the pre sent .European situation. It is not tmim portant to nete that while fears have been expressed of Kadicnl influence the present Cabinet is about as- aristocratic as that which it supersedes. In the last there were eight titled -members of xa? aris tocracy, in the present there are seven; and' these are not the kind of men to advance too fast or far in revolutionary paths. On the whole then we may augur well of the new Cabinet. Their weak point is their foreign policy, but as to that they may have profited by experience, and they know the temper of the country. It is to be hoped that stem contingencies may net arise, bnt if they da Mr. Gladstones Go vernment may be assured that they will not long retain their position if they show disposition to sacrifice British interests or minimum British influence. As to hums politics a wide and inviting field lies open to them, and they may be expected to in -1 augiirate many needed .reforms, ■ It cannot be an absolutely homogeneous Cabinet^ and indeed fifteen men holding exactly the sams opinions on all subjects which may come before them would to a wondsr-^ -*? A f anUioM manatee which the wotid ne'er saw,* nor wishes to eee, but differences of opinion do not necessarily imply divisions—they may rather bfe the indication and guarantee of careful consideration and cautious pro i gresq. Tie steamer Orient, from London via the Gape of Good Hope, paawd Capo Borda at I&2U It will be eeen from the special telegrams from' oar own ooaeqpondtsiit which we publish foj. jjnnmmg th*l thft tUM of the TuMldm wfc—t market is' firmer and steady, sod that there has been pn improvement in prices. The Hon. Thomas King, MJ?. (Minuter of Education), and Mr. J. A. Hartley (Inspector- General of Behoolaj retomed to AdeUideo? Saturday evening, alter a tour in the oountry extending over a fortnight. The following letter has been addressed by Mean. Mann U Foster, aoUcdton for Mr. Kbenezer Ward, to Means. Bray & Bheriaa?v who are acting for Mr. Deiringtan:—"Pel Sirs—Ward v. Derrington—ln his evideao* your client stated that the libeU enmplained of were written by him without any ting* oE malioe and quue book fide, and that in to writing he was influenced by various rumor* which he had htard and which he believed. These rumors have now been spacifioalfr denied on oath by Mr. Ward, and that denial has been corroborated by other witnesses. Through (be pervertf-ness ol the jury no decision was attired at, but n is of course impassible that Mr. Ward can allow the oase to remain as it i*. As yoax tlient professes to hnv< been acting bona fide^ we MB instruoted to give him mn opportunity j o£ proving faia sincerity. If therefore ha will even now publish an ample apology Mr. Ward is prepared to accept the same. If your client •dotajtoot agree to this proposition Mr. Ward will have too abernaWre but to appeal to another jury -to award him that Justine which the last denied him.—We are, dear airs, yours truly, atuorittnrFostxs." •ABtdeboT, seven years of age, was," aays-the Forfa'j>CT?as«/a Advertiser of May 7, -" reported -tp be lost in the -scrub between -Jericho, near' Wallaroo Mines, and Moonta yesterday. I*.C Ker on hearing of the nutter at once sent P.T. Corcoran to assist in the •sescch, but np to a late hoar last night he had notretnraed." A: teniperanca meeting under the aus .ptoeeiOf tbb Hope iA Gpromaadel Tent was held -in the Wesleyan Ohorch, Ooromaudel Valley, en niday evening. May 7. The distriot secre tary j(Hr.£. Aleoek) was in theohair. Addresses wen delivered by Mr. Win. Dale and Mr. AL EL Madge. "At the olosa of the meeting a juvenile tent was opened by Bros. A1000k.D.3.- M. H. Jladge.*.D.e.lt ; W. Dale. P.D.C.8.; and W. •J. FnHer, P.O.R. During the evening several temperanoe melodies were rendered bv the •choir. Miss Battleet presiding at the harmoniam| A double collision occurred in the Port Biver on Sunday afternoon, May 9. It appears that the steamer Kangaroo was towing into I arbor thesohooners Annie Taylor and Moonta, -when "she ketch Annie Watt got in front of her. Theeo?seguence was that the steamer ran on to hex stem, doing considerable damage to it. Immediately-after the collision the ketoh turned round, and came into contaot with the Moonta, knocking away part of the railing and the wheat of that vessel, and carrying away, her own boir aprk and ]ibboam. A, s*d death happened at Port Pirle on To«sday -™«"wig. May 4. It appears, according to the local paper, that aFrenohmranamed Sam Marie^ or James Jar, about a fortnight ago carried a bag of wheat with a man weighing 14 stetson top of it np a stack of wheat.and had ever «ince been ailing, spitting and purging blood in large quantities. It is supposed that he rup tured a bloodvessel, and became worse and worse until early on Tuesday morning, when he died. 'The poor fellow had no friends in the port, and it ia not known whether he has any in the colony. At a meeting held in the mayor's room, fort AAd«H? t on Saturday, May 8, concerning the late libel ease, the following motion was -ananimou?ly adopted:—"That this meeting be formed into a .committee, with power to add to t; eir ??•--?**■*•■, for the purpose of collecting sub «..iptionsfar« testimonial to Mr. B. H. Der* risgto?, J.P., mad -of collecting subscriptions in aid of 'defense fund."" The ehair was taken by Mr.T, Hack, JJP. (Mayor o[ Port Ade laide). Hjs Worship was elected treasurer, and Mr. B. H. lake* secretary. In connection with the opening" of the Congregational Church at College Park next month by the-Rev. Jamas Jefferis, LUi., of Sydney, we have been informed tint the rev. gentleman during his visit will deliver two foeturas ia the Town HalL The subject. ot fto first Jeetore will be "Australia Federated," *nd the second "Australia Ohris tianued,".. Hip greallency the Governor and His. Honor the Ohief Justice have kindly consented 4o preside on these oceaaions. Mr. Jefirria's *nsit will extend over two Sundays, The following is Saturday moraine's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph line:—Port Darwin, calm, cloudy, sine, pleasant; Sonthport, calm, cloudy, fine; Yam Cheek, S.B, light,clear, fine, cool; Pine Creek, BJSu, moderate, clear, fine,; Biver Catherine. SJ, light, clear, fine, cool; Daly Wrtm, calm, clear, fine; Powell Creek.ealm, «lear. fine; Tennant Creak, SJt, moderate, dear, five, cool; Barrow Creek, SJS., light, clear, fine; Alice Spring*- 5.8., strong,cloudy, fine; Oharitte Wateo, Si, strong, cloudy, fine; Fteke,S-gaJe,olouily.nne; StraogwayaSprings, &, strong, dear, fina; Farina, S. ff, fresh, clear, , 6a?,coA ; Beltana, S., light, dear, fin*. Mr. Daniel Buchanan, M.P., has favored nj with a copy of tbe speech recently delivered by him ia tiie Victoria Theatra, Sydney, and now published in a pamphlet form. The speech j was given under the auspices of the New South Wales League for tha encouragement of •colonial industries, on the oecesuty of adopting « fiscal policy that will promote, encourage, and protect colonial industries. Mr. Buchanan also eends us a cop/ of the constitution of the league, from which we learn that the object of -the association is to urge upon tbe colonial -Governments the necessity ot so framing their taHnV'as to place a protective doty on aQ articles coming from abroad which can be pro -dined in she colony, and to admit with 'the least possible restriction all articles which cannot be so prcdnced. f- l%e passenger* by the train between Affluent and MonntGunbier on Tuesday night, May 4, i1 ijwifiutied -a tcnt- atta-a. Tha Border WtUk states that "a short distance from Milli <emltiit being then rather dark, several bones wenjnbtemdaatfae line and, *he train dashed anwg them. - Tbe hone* j-elaaged to Mr. J. B. Bcaaatt.larssrw.iwr Mfl&ent.; Me Bennett's •on wa-Mtn-riag a waggon borne along one oF4ne road*; a-kds-t«fae same time was trying to drive five lease "torses before aim. It was * ratter <Ufficultios),and when he reached the railway crossiag sfce hnrsa went atoeg the railway line instead ef hsuwai is. The driver resolved «o takettewagfenhosae first, and le* the other liissipiiiMiiaiii Jtttii he «o-*M jetara for them. On bwbclbsb he loaad that the tram whieh bad just ussseahsa ran ever «wo«f them, emashmg «m aad hMkssfjte hind le-r«f e?otfaer, whieh Jiad therefoc?te beeessroyed." "No near?' of'the. men Wilson and <JoVm,,<9b9 liMf eseaped from the Mount -Gambler •QaoUJuA." •ays the Sexth-EatUr* £t«r,,?km ras?Wei op to • late hour yester day. .^VA^itrpppars •tattooed istthe town hare beenintJWseddi««ecly aad late endeavoring to fiq« SOBM tcaee of ftban.ia the oodyiog diatrisiMUid.tiie foot police hava been bosily prosecoipng ttteft sescch in likely and nolikelf in rlnsnr proxinuty to tiie townwitnont xesnlt. The men had evidently fcepaced for bokhing it, as two blankets and a rug, all bear ing the Government brand, are -misting, and were no doubt appropriated by tnem. Unless they meet with sympathisers wHling to provide them with rations their whereabovzts i[ffi*«fc soon he indieated by a robbery, as the men snuthava bees witbont CBcaey. The Victarian police have been advised of the prrtmmd of the pri •onen^vsd their ospture will doubtless only be * Gaatterof tune." A «eetii« was held at the Duke of ~WeUisjcfas.Hncel. Part Adelaide, aaSataciday rvemng. Majr S. fee the purpose of opening a 4trand dL the ABMlgamatei Society of Carpenters .-stad Jamosa. There was a fair attendance. Mr. V. 3. Bmxea*(poeBiaeot of Oxe Adelaide branchl presided;. TWiritairnisn, in his opening addmat. ceferred tojthecmt want U Port Adelaide of • branch ot tbe aodety for those engaged in the trade^ot «olji for their mutual beaeae,lwt in weUsoaie and assistaww if ne eessarr f* s~f V ~M.t. of their own calling. IfrZK **se Iwriag detailed as *eme length Ilili lisjssK ami advantages of the society and «• saetiaad^sC ssorkbig. ft was Msolvei that a braaeksboejd JsJ> farmed, end one was formally cpeneeiyJlfWrti' fnm. the Adelwd* Society. ■lui alMsViaii Tim tssitr~Trinii The following offieenuwece «*eeted:—Preaideet, Me J. Mess; «eerelat)VM?Vi>. Jones. Dr. Toll was chosen <nrgeonsor ,thc bnnrh The ffiiofring ia a record of die rainfall iwtween 9 ;S-m. on Friday and the same hoar -onSaturdaV:—' Melroie ... o^oo Hoyleton ... 0 200 Xaoza ? ?. O-*IS Balaklara ... 0*025 PortKrfe ... 0-150 Port Wakefield 0-OiW -OUowie ~. 0-480 Wallaroo ... 0-120 Jamestown-. o*2o Kadina ... O2JO OUdstppe -- £*KX> Moonta ... 0-210 Warridy l .., 0100 Port!Vletoria... 0-1W CeorgSaW? .~ o^so j Maitland ... 0310 Bedhm^ ... 0070 Oredand Oornr. 0010 TTnnrHijfc - ... 0-350 North-West BendO 130 •Otaxe^T",„ .- 0-4*o BUoehetown... Ql2O Anborfl r ... 0-410 Kapunda ... 0310 ... o*lo. Port Zonsoln .„ fK)2t ■Gawlar ; _ o^oo Oaps?orda ... 0230 Manmj?l .- 0-080 Kingwsote ... 0-370 Monnt?s>isnt 0-ISO Port Siliot . 0350 <Jnaaejaae „. 0300 Goolwa ... QiJQ Moans Torrens .0180 Meningie ... 0-870 Ealisbniy ~ U1&0 y^ng^np ... 0"500 Addaiae ... 0180 Bobe 0 320 CUreqdpn ... OSja Harracoorte ... 0«i0 Moont?azker,- 0236 t.^^^^b^ ... 0510 StratHSJbj? ; T 0135 Penols .„ o*6lo WiUnnpa „. O-ISO IGllicent „. 0 630 Streaky Bay ~. o*ols Mpnnt^ambiar 0*765 On Saturday momin^, May 8, the city coroner held an inquest atthe Adelaide hospital into the circumstances attending tfie death of Henr-r Hilton, who died in Hie eonsultiog^oom of that fnstitntipn on the pnvious evening. Mr. James Mejiicol was chosen foreman of the jary. Caroline Emily Woite, who bad been divorced from her husband, said she had known the de ceased about five or six weeks, during which time lie had repeatedly visited her at her boas s in Manon-Atreet, Adelaide. She met decease 1 -at the Theatee on Thursday evening, May fi, an I after telling her to engage a cab he went to the Bed Lion Hotel, where she subseouently met him and took him and a man named Walsh home with'her. After complaining of feeling unwell, andgettinga nobbier of brandy, the de ceased went to bed. Walsh had previously gone to a house on the opposite side of the street, kept by a young woman named Beta Oheetham. Deceased slept till 2 o'clock on Friday morning, when he awoke, complained of a pain in his chest,and got a drink of brandy and water. Half an hour afterwards he got np and placed hU hands on his chest and commenced to run •boot the room, exclaiming *• Oh, my chest." After he had returned to bed he was taken with a shivering fit, which continued till half-past 6 o'clock, when he fell asleep. At 8 o'clock witness gave nun some tea, and between that time and 2o'clock in tbe afternoon he drank three cupsof tea and four battles of sodawater. Subsequently the deceased began to show signs of suffocation and to vomit np phlegm. Witness thereupon sent?cabman for Dr. Gardner, who came im mediately and ordered the deceased to be re moved to the Hospital without^delay, whieh was done. TJp to'that time witness had not heard his name, but he told her that it was Henry Hilton, that he was a married man, 31 yean of age, and lived at Port Augusta. At this stage the enquiry was adjourned till to-day, at talf past 1 o'clock. Dr. Wylde, who takes a great interest in scientific matters, has called our atten tion to the following description of a naw kind of paint with the view of getting the lauding stages which are now being erected at tbe Semaphore Jetty painted with the material:—"On Thursday, March 11, a1; a meeting of the Society of Arts, Profes sor Boscoe in the chair, Mr. Heaton, of Charing Cross Hospital, gave an account of the luminous paint for which the late Mr. Balmain obtained a patent, and which is now being introduced for many useful purposes. Surfaces painted with this substance (which looks like ordinary white paint) absorb light with remarkable avidity, and continue after wards to emit it in the dark for wme hours. The paint, it fact, stores up day light or oven candlelight, and gives it oat again afterwards in quantity sufficient to render it available in certain ca as as a substitute for artificial illumination. T e property to which the paint owes its power is called phosphore- ] scenoe. Most important of ill, however, are the proposed uses of the new point for marine pur poses. For example, it is often extremely difficult, and yet absolutely necessary on dark nights, to dutinguish the buoys which mark tbe channels of harbors or rivers. If the buoys were coated with the luminous paint they would be visible through out tbe whole or at any rate the greater part of the night. Again, a lifebuoy is practically useless on a dark night. The unfortunate man overboard cannot see it, and however good a swimmer he may be, it is a mere chance if he reaches it or if a boat is able to pick him np, but the life-buoy exhibited at the lecture would ' be at all times sufficiently luminous to be visible at a short distance, and would guide not only the swimmer but the boats' crews. Lastly a diver was exhibited in full dress, whose helmet and waterproof coat had been painted, and consequently iUuminated. He looked like a ponderous and unwieldy ghost, and emit ted an amount of light that would be quite sufficient to guide his operations at the bottom of the water. It was in fact stated that the ' same dress had been worn a day or two -before at the bottom of the Southampton Dock, and that the diver had been able to dis tinguished the boltheads in a ship's bottom with ease. The patentees also showed a luminous inscription forty feet long in illustration of the value of the invention as a means of adver tising." Two demonstrations in connection with Mr. Matthew Burnett's temperance crusade in this colony Wb place on Saturday evening. Shortly after 1} o'clock a torchlight procession, ■with a number of firemen ia uniform, a drum and fife band, and Mr. Burnett'* choir, marched from Pirie-street to Light-square, where, in the pretence of a large crowd, the temperance apostle delivered an earnest address on** Better Times for Working Men." Subsequently the third ** monster temperance meeting" was field in tbe Town Hall, under the presidency of the Bon. W. Morgan (Chief Secretary). The had was literally packed, and the proceedings throughout were of a most enthusiastic druacter. T>w?«i: i?;rtn«« in hi? np^ningTom.rlr^ atrjUiniMi that penooalry he believed in temperance, not I total abstinence, but his sympathy was with Mr. Burnett lrom the good accounts of that gentle- j man's work be had heard in the other oolonie-i. j The other speakers wen the Bev. W. B. i Fletcher, aCA^ the Ber. B.M. Hunter, and Mr. Burnett. The last-mentioned gentleman gave some interesting particulars with regard to the future eondnct of his movement. He stated that he bad determined to organise a band af twelve from the most enthusiastic among his workers to labor in the city and the traburbs, and be asked any persons present, who might ■ know of the names of victims to the vice of in- j temperance, to give then, he on his part pro- j wf*itig to keep secrrecy, and to go nothing nut exert bis rnflnencp for the purpose of rescuing ! these drunkards from their sin. Among the f names of Mr.! Bnmetfs future efaairmen the Hon.«. A. Tarlton, the Hon. T. King (Minister of Bdoeation), scad Sir Oearge Kingston were mentioned. Paring the everting Mr. Barnetf? sod Mr. Joseph Vardoh gave a recftatim. Toe number of ■ pledges -taken at this meeting was 185, irsetti]g"t&e; number of pledges secured by Mr Barpett since the crosaoe began about 1.000. OnStmd^ev-miiifMr.Bnrnetnaingfaig band sterted'farin Pirie-toeetto r^t^sqdara, taking a more westerly nurse than did the procession on theprCTfoas ereoing, and on arriving near tfttMimotiHaUfaaa&ln;?MdaU-setu?mhlage. Betan-iiH to Pirfe-rtreet, Mr. Burnett preached in the Wedota Onnrch. The ebnreh -was denstly crowded, and numbers had to go away osabieto fin<J zoom. Theaenooo wa? on "• The J Pale Horse and its BJder" bom Beveletton tie, T-Bv. -Crowds remained atthe prayer j meeting which followed the usual service. The i body of the church was 'filled, and a large | Bomber of persons were in tbe gsller/. Nnme xdus penitent* found their way to tbe commonion tail. A meeting of tbe Birmingham Soiial Union is to take place in the Hotrl Sarope this evening. Tea and public meetings in connection with tbe anniversary of the Yeang-tstreat Bible Cbri-rtian Church are to be held this evening. The Marine Board will hold an enquiry to-day into the cause of the pounding of the «hip Aide-grove, which took place recently off tbe Semaphore. The adjourned meeting of sympathisers with Mr. B. H. Derrington, the defendant in the recent libel case, is to be held in the Town Ball Exchange-room this afternoon. A meeting of Bympathisers with Mr. E. Ward in the recent libel action is to be held at White's Arbitration Boom, at 3 o'clock to morrow afternoon, to consider what Steps ihoald I be taken to defray the law costs incurred by ' that gentleman. - | The weights for the Hurdle Race, Steeple chase, Trial, Corinthian, and Park Handioaps of the Queen's Birthday meeting appear is another L **j*Tl*m*n- Mr. A. S.Doolette's panorama of '-West minster Abbey" is to be shown in the Town Hall Exchange- room this evening. A de feriptire lecture will b* given by Mr. JS. H. Shaw. McLean's' troupe of Juvenile Trouba dours will open this evening, under the manage ment of Mr. L. M. BayUati, at the Academy of Music. These young performers have appeared with considerable success before huge audiences in Melbourne and elsewhere, and have received very favorable notices from the press. The comic acting is said to be excellent, showing no naean histrionic ability, while'the «ing~ngr j, fcjgo veiy enjoyable. The Troubadours have in their repertoire the comic drama of "Conrad and Id-sette," which was made eo popular here by Messrs. Baker and Barron. The second day's racing in connection with the autumn meeting of the South Aus tralian Jockey Club took place at Morphettville on Saturday. The weafter was rather unfavor able, v smart showers fell at intervals and con siderably interfered with the pleasure of the 'spectators, who were fewer in number than on ttiprevioM day. The racing was good on the whole. The Maiden Plate was earned oS by Mr Herfr Chiffonniere edt, the Steeplechase was wpnbyPfamet,-l7he«tophettvilJeStakeB fell to First Water, the T#o-year-old Handicap by Tcevallyan, and the S.A-JXj; Handicap by Glen onnieton. 