MAGNIFICENT PREACHING. (From the American Weskyan.) We have recently seen a leading article in one of our religious exchanges, deploring the fact that wc have " so small a percentage of magnificent preachers," and declaring that " the people of this country arc to be won to the church by magnificent gospel preaching," Just what the writer means by " magnificent preachers," we are not able to tell; but if we take the definition of magnificent given by our lexicographers, which is " grand in appearance, splendid, pompous," we should say there is a decided contradiction of terms in the phrase " magnificent gospel preaching." Gospel preaching may he grand, hut it is grand in reality, rather than in appearance. It is grand in its truths and in its effects; but it is never splendid or pompons ; and it is these latter elements which enter so largely into " magnificent preaching,'' as to make it anything but gospel preaching. If there has been any such decadence of power—as the writer affirms—in the Methodist pulpit, it is chargeable more to the substitution of pompous oratory, splendid rhetoric, and magnificent starring, for the preaching of the gospel, than to any other cause. It is because so many ministers affect this style of muguificcnce, that they are shorn of their power, and their people perish for lack of food. It is a melancholy fact that those ministers who have been most renowned for brilliant talents and " magnificent preaching," have not been the most successful; the conversion of souls and th£ spirituality of the church being the standard. Such preaching may be well calculated to attract a crowd and excite applause; it may be excellent in a literary or rhetorical point of view; it may have many elements of fine oratory and abound in passages of great imaginative power, and yet lack that evangelical character and divine unction which are essential to effective gospel preaching. There is a class in every community who prefer a magnificent display of religious fire-works in the pulpit, to solid, earnest, practical preaching. Such people do not go to church to be instructed or benefited, but to be entertained and amused. For this, flashy rhetoric, glittering generalities, oddity of conceit, or of speech, or of manner are sufficient. The man who can cater successfully to this class, and "tear a passion to tatters to split the ears of the groundlings," may " draw " well for a time, but the church will not grow under such ministrations. Preaching the gospel is not a mere dramatic or literary performance. It is not pompous declamation, or fine oratory, or a rhetorical display of splendid diction and well-rounded, elegant periods, in which men seek to make a profound impression of their own eloquence and abilities, rather than to save souls. Happily, the demand for such preaching is growing less and less, and there are indications of the growth and prevalence of a more healthy and correct sentiment. The more thoughtful and devout portion of our congregations prefer the earnest, forcible proclamation of the plain gospel, " not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power." Hungry sinners also prefer such preaching, and there is something that draws the heart of the unawakened to such a rendering of the truth. We recently mentioned the reception of a letter from a layman stating his "conviction that the laity are more than ever tired with brilliant sermons, grand orations, and fine efforts in the pulpit. They are now asking for the preaching that convicts of sin, that gets hold of men's souls. They want more Bible, and less oratory ; more Holy Ghost and less elocution." Another layman, speaking of a veiy successful miuister of his acquaintance, said to us : " One great source of his power is his directness. He brings the truth to bear directly on the consciences of his hearers, making them feel without being offensively personal—that he means them individu- ally and not collectively. He is not afraid to say ' you' to bis hearers. Instead of preaching repentance in a general, indefinite way, as a duty incumbent on all men, he says, «You ought to repent; God commands you to repent now; you must stand before the judgment seat of Christ to give an account of your conduct; and you must repent or be lost.' By this method of ' speaking the truth in love,' he forces upon the consciences of his hearers a pungent conviction of sin, and of their personal peril and accountability to God, which they would not have had if he had contented himself, as so many do, with a graceful, polished essay on the general duty of mankind to repent." In addition to this element of directness, gospel preaching requires a loving earnestness and zeal for the salvation of souls, produced by a profound sense of their worth and peril, and the unction of the Holy Ghost. It requires purity of motive and singleness of purpose to glorify God even at the expense of oratorial ambition and worldly renown. Such evangelical preaching will do much to redeem a sermon from other and serious defects. The truth itself has force, so also has the spirit of love. Let them be joined together and accompanied by the energy of the Holy Spirit, and they will do good, and often accomplish glorious results unaided by more brilliant qualifications. The testimony of Paul shows how unessential mere elegance of diction, or splendid oratory, is to the highest success of the gospel. He says—" Christ sent me * * * to preach the gospel, not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect;" and declares that " it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe." " And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech, or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God. For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and Him crucified. And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but iu demonstration of the Spirit and of power; that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God." 