ROWING CLUB'S REGATTA. Patron : Hís Excellency Lieut.-General Sir J. H. Lefroy. Committee : Messrs. J. C. Penny, G. B. Penny, E. A. Norman, W. J. Watchorn. E. H. Pearce, and J. B. Lloyd. Captain: Mr. F. J. P. Norman. Hon. Secretary : Mr. E. G. Dawes. Hon. Treasurer : Mr. G. S. Chapman. Judges : Messrs. F. J. P. Norman and J. M. Clarke. Umpire : Mr. J. C. Penny. Starter : Mr. John Hayle. The thirteenth half-yearly regatta of the Derwent Rowing Club was held off Macquarie Point on Saturday afternoon. The attendance on the ground was very numerous compared with that on former occasions. This, no doubt, was in a measure attri- butable to the weather, which was extremely favourable for pleasure-seekers. As far as the com- petitors were concerned, however, although the yachting men had nothing to complain of, the strong sea breeze blowing into the bay prevented the pulling races from being anything like the exciting contests that were expected. Two men had to be picked up by the steamer, and in most of the skiff races a vast superiority was obtained by those who had good sea boats. A. Sharland, who has lately returned from England, has much improved his style by his sojourn there. He appeared to be in splendid form, and carried off two prizes with com- parative case. A. Stuart also deserves credit for the plucky manner in which he stuck to the races. Although extremely unwell the night before, he won the first boat of the Second Junior Skiff Race, and stroked the winning crew in the Four-oared Race. The arrange- ments were similar to those of previous occasions, Master-Gunner Chisholm being in charge of a 12 pounder howitzer, which was used for the signals, and Mr. Cleary being on the qui vive as a territorial constable, but his duties were of a nominal char- acter. The regatta altogether may be looked upon as very creditable to the club, the heavy sea only preventing it from being a thorough success. SECOND JUNIOR SKIFF RACE. Contested for single-handed in outrigger skiffs ; to start f i oin Macquarie Point, round the inshore buoy off Government House, and back to the place o f starting. r ' Llydady way -.!. i -. ....> (A. Stuart) 1 John Gilpin. -...- ... (E. G. Dawes) 2 Viaion... '.. , .,-. ...(J. Mcwilliams) 1 Good-Bve. (J. Currell) 2 Daddy Long Legs... _../ ... (W.H.Stuart) 0 Owing to, the non-arrival of some sculls which had been ordered from Sydney and were required for the race, this event was rowed in heats. For the first F. Bryant, E. G. Dawes, and A. Stuart had entered, but as Bryant did not come to the line the competitors were reduced to Dawes and Stuart. Immediately after starting both boats got locked, and after some loss of time they pulled away. Dawes seemed to make little effort, but Stuart put on a good stroke, rounded the buoy about 100yds. in advance of his rival, and won easily. The second heat was rowed later in tho afternoon, and .vas well contested by Currell, W. H. Stuart, and W. J. McWillioms. The last named secured the lead and rounded the buoy first, closely followed by Currell, who, on tho road home, pluckily on deavoured to wrest tho advantage which Mcwil- liams hod gained, but without success. Mcwilliams won the heat by about two lengths, Currell being second, and Stuart a good third. The final hoat, betweon A. Stuart and W. J. Mcwilliams, will be rowed at (! o'clock this evening. JUNIOR SKIFFS. Contended for single-handed in outrigger skiffs. Course, same as in first race. Vixen. (A. Sharland) 1 Zillah.(J. Alexander) 2 Llydadyway. ' ' (A. Stuart) 0 Never Say Die . -.">-. (E.'G. Dawes) 0 Williamson, who had entered for this race, was prevented from competing owing to the skiff having collided with one of the river barges on the evening before the race. Pearce declined to pull, as he considered the roughness of the water would pre- vent anything like a fair contest. Dawes, who as secretary, it seems, felt bound to keep up the pro- gramme as far as possible, became his substitute, but it being the first time he had ventured into rough water in a light skiff, he had not the ghost of a chance from the start, and only saved himself from a capsize by taking a roundabout course, which left him a long way behind the other competitors. Sharland took the lead almost from the commence- ment, and passing the shipyards was two lengths ahead. At this juncture a foul took place between Stuart and Alexander, and shortly after getting extricated the former capsized. Sharland after that had it all his own way, although Alexander stuck to him pluckily to the last. SENIOR SKIFFS. Contended for single-handed in outrigger skiffs.' Course, Bame as in first race. Vixen . (A. Sharland) l' Carmen . (H. A. B. Westbrook) 2 Heiress ._ (H.,A. Dawes) 0 A. Stuart also entered, but in consequence of his submersion while rowing in the previous race, did not compete. A good start having been effected, Shar- land forged ahead. H. A. Dawes and Westbrook were having a good race for second place, when the boat of the former was capsized off the powder jetty. Dawes was rescued by O'May's steamer Enterprise. The event was won easily by Sharland. FOUR-OARED RACE. Course, from Macquarie Point round two buoys off Go- vernment House, thence round a buoy moored in a line with Rosny Point and the New Wharf, and back to the place of starting. Llydadyway. Crow-J. Currell (bow), J. Alexan- der (2), J. Weaver (3), A. Stuart (stroke)... ... ... .... ... . ,... .(E. Abel, cox.) 1 Dreadnought. Crew-J. Colvin (bow), R. Burn (2), R. G. Mcwilliams (3), W. J. Mcwilliams . (stroke). .... ... ... (E. Hastings, cox.) 2 Biddy.- Crew-O. Morley (bow), A. Walch (2), W. H. Stuart (3), E. H. Pearce (stroke), (H. Reading, cox ) 0 Pixie. Crew- H. A. Dawes (bow), W. Williamson (2), E. G. Dawes (3), J. H. Williamson (stroke)... ... . (A. Adcock, cox.) 0 Shortly after the start the Welshman's crew and the Dreadnought showed to the front, and imme- diately afterwards one of the crew of the Biddy broke his scull. Finding that their stroke (J. H. Williamson) was too unwell to pull, the Pixie sup- plied the Biddy with another oar. Meanwhile the Welshmen had gained about two lengths on their rivals, and maintained that advantage until round- ing the first buoy off Government House. Thence to the second and third buoys the crew of the Dreadnought worked bravely, but their boat having no bow covering, the heavy sea which was running handicapped them terribly, and finding that they were overmatched they eventually gave in. The race was won easily by the Llydadyway, the only other boat which finished the course being the Dreadnought. PAIR-OARED RACE. Contended for in short fours. Course, same as in first race. Vivandière. Crew-H. A. E. Westbrook (bow), E. H. Pearce (stroke) ... (H. Reading, cox.) 1 Llvdadyway. Crew-W. .H. Stuart (bow), A. Stuart (stroke). . 2 Minnehaha. Crew-W. Williamson (bow), J. H. Williamson (stroke) ... (B. Westbrook, cox.) 0 In this race J. H. Williamson pluckily deter- mined to make another effort, and took Dawes' place in the Minnehaha. After making a spurt at the start, however, the exertion proved too much for him and his crew had to come back. The Vivandiere had a good lead going round the first buoy, and increased that lead to five boat lengths between that buoy and the shipyards. Then the Welsh crew put on a spurt and almost succeeded in overhauling their rival, but the Vivandiere managed to pass the line about half a boat's length ahead. SAILING RACE. Course, from Flagship round outside buoy off Pavilion Point, thence round a buoy off Duukley's Point, and back to place of starting. Twice round. On rounding all buoys to be left on the starboard hand. Race subject to the sailing regulations of the Derwent Yacht Club. Open to any boats 28ft. and under. Time allowance.-Half a minute to a foot Aida, 28ft. (E. H. Pearce) 1 Derwent Belle, 21ft. odd (F. Turner) 2 Kittiwake. . (C. E. Webster) 0 In this race the Aida, which was immeasurably superior to the other boats, had it all her own way, and finished about a quarter of an hour before the Derwent Belle. There was also about a quarter of an hour's difference in the finishing of the Belle and the Kittiwake. A protest was entered against the Aida on the ground that she neglected rounding one of the buoys off Government House. The protest will be con- sidered at the secretary's office, at half-past 7 o'clock this evening. 