[?] WINTER BUTTER MAKING. (By Senry Stewart, in JEtuyal New Yorker.). THE DAISY, If the first requisite for good butter is the i cow, the second is the dairy room or house, for it is useless to procure good milk, if it is spoiled in the keeping. A dairy room should have an even temperature, and in the winter may be kept at 45 to 50 degrees. One that is partly underground andhas an apartment over it for churning and washing pans, etc., is preferable, as it will need no artificial heating by a stove. I prefer one with brick wallB, white-washed with lime, plastered overhead, and with a oement or flagstone floor ; that has the windows above ground and facing the south and west; the windows covered with fine wire gauze outride and hinged at the top, so that they may be opened by raismg and hooking np the sash. The window being close to the ceiling, ventilates the room com pletely. My own aim in a dairy house is a building having a brick basement in a hill side, with ice- house in the rear, having a chute on the hank through which to put in ice ; and the milk room in the front, with porch for airing the cans and pails. Over the milk room shall be the churning and washing room, provided with a water heater, and with an elevator for passing oream and butter up and down, and stairs leading below ; also a sink with taps from a tank above. Over the milk room shall be a tank supplied from a well, by a windmill overtopping the whole. From the tank, water may flow through a pipe into the rooms below, for use in washing pans or supplying water in case the submerged-can system of setting the milk might be used at any time. A sink and drain may also be carried from the milk room. The tank will be high enough to supply the bouse and the barn with water through pipeB. The cost of the whole I estimate to be about 600dol. for a dairy of 50 cows, and no one can doubt that it will be a profitable investment for the maker of extra butter. THE churning. When I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field, over which lie, in per spective, the ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. The misery of a butter-maker is the end less variety of churns. There are many good churns, beginning with the old- fashioned up-and-down one, which recalls my boyhood when I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, and often waited three hours; for in those days the whole milk was churned. Now I can get my butter milk in eight minutes, or less, by the old kitchen clock, which never varies from year's end to year's end. But it is not from an up-and-down churn, which, although it makes good butter, is a man and woman killer; it is now from a "rectangular" churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only comes quickly, bnt in such an excellent shape, being beaten about by these proper angles, as to greatly facilitate the washing and preparing of the butter. To particularise, let me recall the churn ing of the 7th of January, 1880, because this was an eventful one, and settled in my mind some questions which were previously doubt ful to me. My crossbred three-year- old Jer sey and Ayrshire cow, Maida, had been fresh two weeks, and this was the first churning of six days' milk. Toe cream — 12 qnarts exactly — was turned into the rectangular churn aforesaid, and the chnrn and cream were both at a temperature of 65 degrees. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making 70 revolutions of the churn per minute, I was surprised to hear the " slap dash" of the buttermilk, and was more than surprised on opening the churn to see so magnificent a sample of batter. The mass of golden butter was in small grains from the size of sago grains up to that of buck shot, lying in an irregular mass piled up in the chnrn, with a small quantity of butter milk at the bottom. The butter weighed 10|- pounds. The xeenlt, 194 pounds of batter from 12 quarts of thick oream, churned in eight minutes, at a temperature of 65 degrees, settled some points about whioh questions are frequently asked. This ehurning out of the way the oream of two Ayrshire cows three-year-old, that have been milking 10 months and are three in calf — 14 quarts in all — waB put in the ohorn at a temperature of 60 degrees. ThiB I churned three hours patiently without break ing the cream, and was advised to throw the cream out as it was one of those messes whioh would never chum. Let as try some warm water. A quart of hot water from the kettle was thrown in, the churn rotated, and in one minute the butter came ; the temperature in the chum then was 64 degrees. This also goes some way to settle another difficulty in winter dairying, which causes a great deal of trouble. If butter comes at 64 or 65 degrees in a short time, and fails to come at all at 60 degrees, this is a valuable fact to know. Another churning of Maida's cream of 16 quarts, from eeven days' milk, proauoes 14 pounds of batter in 12 minutes at a tempera ture of 65 degrees, with several stoppages to . watch the progress, so that eight quarts of nearly pure cream will make seven pounds of j butter. chubks. The Tartars are said to do their churning by putting the milk in a sheep-skin bottle, which they tie to the trundle and take abrisk gallop for an hour or two ; on returning the butter is made. This is the original horse power churn. But its principle is clearly the same as that of our best modern churns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vessel in which the contents are dashed from one side to another to break up the butter globules. This is the principle of all the dashless churnB of which so many of such various shapes were shown at the late International Dairy Fair. The peculiar action of these churns produces the butter in small globules, as above mentioned, ««d in this shape the milk can be drawn off «nd the cold water or brine introduced into the churn, and the butter thoroughly washed and made ready for immediate packing. Certainly of the many churns which I have used, the "Rectangular" pleases me the most, on account of its very easy motion, its shape, which is a hollow cube suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite corners, its freedom from iron gudgeons penetrating inside as is usual in dash churns, and which will blacken and foul the butter, and chiefly on account of the ease and perfection with which it can be cleansed, its quick churning, and the excellent shape in which the butter comes.' colouring buttee. My customers are very exacting people. Theyobjeet to light-eoloured butter, and, like the majority of consumers, they judge of butter by the eye as well as by the flavour. Recently the New York Fanners' Club " reso- luted " that colouring butter was a fraud and a practice to be denounced. Do these farmers wear their cassimereB of the natural shoddy colour, or do they prefer them dyed? Did they object to the colouring of oleomargarine when they resolnted over that, and insist that that fraud should bear its naturaljtallow colour? The faot is, butter is coloured because those who buy it will have it coloured to suit their taste ; and while coloured butter will sell the best, so long will butter be coloured. One teaspoonful of good liquid butter colouring in 12 gallons of cream is needed, even with Jersey cows, in the winter, and for other cows twice that quantity will be required to give a colour somewhat lighter than that of a gold ooin. There is nothing about annatto that is objectionable, and all the talk about its filthy preparation is simply "bosh" and false hood. Whoa colour is used it is best to put it into the chum, and I do not find that it has any ill effect whatever even upon the buttermilk, which is a pleasant, wholesome article of food when the milk is all right. BITTEB CREAM. This reminds me of the many complaints of bitter cream in the winter. This is caused invariably, I believe, by something in the food or in the condition of the cow. Every one knows how prevalent that vile plant, bitter-weed or rag-weed (Ambrosia artem- isissfolia) is, 8nd how much of it is cut with the second catting of the meadows — the much- praised- for-butter rowen hay. This weed will give to milk, oream, or butter a very bitter flavour, which no process or disguise, oon conceal. If turnips are fed, I defy any person to escape bitter cream and ill-flavoured butter. The presence of a heap of turnips on my bam floor the paBt winter so impregnated the air, although none were fed, that the milk was perceptibly flavoured by them until they were removed. Feeding immediately after or before milking is unavailing. There are oowb which, from some peculiarity of condition, give milk whioh tnniB bitter. Such cows should be discarded from a winter dairy as soon as the fault is discovered, for they are not healthy and their secretions are not pure. The mixture of a pinch of saltpetre in a six- quart pan of milk will remove or disguise thiB bitterness, I cannot say which. how buttee may be spoiled. Hood butter may be spoiled in the churn ing. Over- churning ruins the texture and changes the proper waxiness to a disagree able, sticky greasiness. This is the more easily done in the churns with revolving dashers, which will press the butter against the side of the churn and squeeze and rub it until it is spoiled. Too long churning spoils the quality by the oxidation of the butter and the premature formation of strong-flavoured acids in it, the full pre serving presence of which we call rancidity. It may be spoiled by churning at too high a temperature, by which it is made soft and oily, and of a greasy texture and flavour. No subsequent treatment can remedy this error. It may be spoiled before the cream reaches the churn by keeping this too long, or what is practically the same, by keeping it in too warm a place; 50 degrees is about the right temperature if cream is kept a week; if it is kept at 62 degrees, three days are long enough. White specks are produced in butter by over-churning, or by having the cream too sour. Either of these faults produces curd in the milk, and the 1 small flakes of this cannot be washed out of the butter. Milk from a cow in ill health, and that is acid when drawn, will produce specky butter. So will the use of salt containing particles of lime, which unite with the butter and form insoluble lime soap. White specks are covered up to a large extent by using good colouring, which is made of oil as the solvent. But this use of a colouring, being to disguise a fault and to add an undeserved virtue, is worthy of the denunciation of even the Farmer's Club. 