A RUN TO BEECHW0RT1I. FBOM the loquacious five year old who is trotted out of a fine Saturday by an indul gent mamma to do Bourke street and due arcades to the hoary-headed sinner of seventy, mankind, one and all, are not only imbued with an irresistible longing for tra vel, change, and sight-seeing, but an irre pressible desire to dilate on what they have seen, and sd.win the admiration, rouse the curiosity, or raise the envy of less fortunate and travelled confreres. We will suppose therefore, Mr Editor, that labouring under the impulse of such a common feeling. I was tempted not only to take a trip into the country brought so prominently under notice by-the- doings of the Kellys, but further to attempt imparting to others some little infor mation anent the pretty mountain city. The country was not new to me. Decades ago in the days of rush and riot and all the .feverish ex citement caused by the too often will-o-the wisp chase for gold, I made my first grand entree into Bcechworth, with the remains of what .had. once been a blanket strung collar fashion OTer my shoulder, and ornamented by an equally well-worn and blackened tin billy. . I had. footed—stumped would not be correct as it would savour of politics—the district over with a light heart and lighter pocket .in- years agoneand scratched the surface of , 'mother'earth in divers places in search of fortune, need it he said without success. Taking a seat in the early morning train I coiled, Newfoundland like, in a corner and tried late' or rather early to make up a lost night’s sleep. What use was there in at tempting to look ‘hrough the dew frosted windows of the sa.dine tin dignified by the name of carriage, and pierce the mist that hung like a night-gown of gauze over sleep ing nature. Besides the country was : familiar. Hadn't I flourished a bullock-whip w - and indulged in that peculiar dialeetie per suasiveness applied to horned slaves when bogged in times gone by in some of tbe ad jacent gullies .aid . quagmires, or scampered over tbe grand old bills lifting their grey : 'heads above the mist, yelling like a red Indian at the half wild herd rushing head long'like' demons with tails on end ? Ye5,1 could pull my slouch over my eyes and, look ing back in imagination, picture and describe the panoramic view while I indulged in a dreamily conscious sleep. Nothing happens but the unexpected, and in spite of our love for prognosticating and weakness for being considered far-seeing, things and places are J never exactly what we anticipated. S’mor, S’mor ! jerked out with a Parisian liking for j mutilating language, rousedme, and I essayed to get out and have a look at S’mor or Sey mour, forgetting that we were locked in like so many felons. By the way, how these rail way people cling to departmental ways and treat the travelling public,as if they were so much lifeless freight. No matter what the I . i ■' tone.orvoico may be, whether it is the red ] . .tape.boiind old stager who drawls out Yar— ra—ye—el—with an eerie monotony calcu lated to give a nervous person the fantods, or. the brand new uniformed youth who snaps, ’Stown, 'Stown I or ’Scray, 'Scray, and leaves the William and the Foot out, I fancy ' I could tell a railway official's skin if it were . hanging '■ on the top of the North • polel ' Bnt to -return to Seymour. A lively recollection of crossing the Gonl hum in a boat some twenty years ago when the pnnt was unworkable and the town in undated and being paddled up to the hotel where we disembarked at the bar door knee .. deep,-recurred to me, and I looked round for the once familiar buildings, -but faces and places - were new and strange and I recog nised nothing "but the changeless old moun ; tarns away to the right with a ribbon-like line of fog twistirig here and there and indi cating many windings of the river. On enquiry I found that here as elsewhere the town was Eome distance from the railway station or rather no account had been taken of the place in constructing the line and tbat. as a consequence, Seymonr like other once • thriving villages on the old Sydney road had been left out in the cold and was suffering from a sort of chronic decay. No doubt the construction of railways has done wonders in developing the agricultural re sources of country districts and facilitated trade by giving tbe bush population access to an unfailing market, but at the same time many once prosperous townships have been completely wiped out by the stations being made so far away that new business placeshave sprang up and entirely superseded _ the old ones. The iron horse wouldn’t go to the towns, and the towns, or rather the busi \- ness people, have but the one alternative, that is to move. . In these push-on times we sacrifice everything to annihilate time and distance and'the smallest cookie located at the terminus of a line grumbles like a proverbial Englishman at the smallest detour or deviation from the crow line if it has been made in the interests of thousands of way side®. Fancy, for instance, the outcry for a direct line to Ballarat when there are hundreds of places languishing and the set tlers driven to sell out because they have no communication and no market for their pro .. duce. These direct through lines remind me of that connecting Moscow and St. Petersburg. Engineers were engaged for years laying out tbe line in a way tbat would benefit intervening towns, and finally ’... the plans were submitted to Czar Nicholas. After looking for a little while the autocrat took up a ruler and pencil and drawing a bee line between the old and the new capital said,;“ Make it there.” And so it was made to the benefit and interest of nobody in particular at the time. Since, however, it has proved of some value for strategical pur poses and the Emperor has got the credit of having been a far-seeing man. Probably some'of our Ministers of Bail ways maybe like honoured in the future; bnt at present we do not want strategical lines. Political lines are a dead failure, and we have not tbe means—and I hope much less tbe inclination —to construct them for the convenience or Dopularity of any M.L.A. I forgot to men tion that a halt of fifteen minutes is made at Seymour so that passengers may not swallow ; the usual raw chop and scalding coffee doled out at refreshment stations : but the delay will possibly account to readers for the di gression in my narrative. There is not much to look at at Seymour or the intervening country between there and Benalla. To the left the land rolls out in an uninterest ing level and the line to Shepparton stretches away and is soon lost to sight in the surround ing forest. To the right and running paral lel with the line, lie the ranges where so much public money was spent in wild goose chases after tbe Kellys. That sombre chain of hills wearing-such an eerie air of eternal stillness is the -black range, always solemn and gloomy, and creating an oppressive feel ing that some one must be dead or that it is going to rain. Ride over those hills sum mer or winter, nothing but the excitement of a wild cattle hunt or a dash after a grunter will dispel the uneasy impression, akin to that of losing a shilling and finding a six pence i Farther on is the famous Strath bogie, a part of the Eame mountain chain, where a regiment of soldiers might hide and . find plenty of supplies if they were hardy enough to exist on long tailed marsupials. Indeed I often thought, years ago, when rid ing through these rugged defiles and along the brink of precipices terminating the table land, that if ever the dreaded misfortune of war should overtake us a few determined men with a stronghold in rtose mountain fastnesses could keep the whole colony in terror, and dear me I have lived to sec four raw colonial youths carry out the idea, and defy the whole police force. Benalla, an other stoppage, and again the coal cater is coughing along the track. The Kelly haunts are still before the traveller’s eye. There is Samaria and the Warty ranges, and right up beyond and between them and the Great Divide with its snow-capped peaks lies the Wombat. The trail is getting warm, “ as it were,” and we pop our heads out to take a flying glimpse of the two ghost like brick chimneys rising from the charred ruins where women and children were pitted like rats with the police pouring in a deadly tire in front and the cowardly Kelly gang threaten ing them behind. How the men who lay in that deep rut and blazed away at the defence less unfortunate captives must now blush when they reflect on that morning’s work. Ugh I The details are too sickening to think about, and there is a sense of relief when the train sweeps round the sharp curve and passes the spot where the rails were torn up to effect wholesale murder 1 Why the cap tures showed so much mercy to the brutal leader of the gang and allowed him to live when they had so little for his penned victims is an utter mystery to me. Wangaratta, another once flourishing town left out in the cold. We exchange trains, and after passing through miles of fine agricultural country reach the big hill, and the train, to be poeti cal, “ drags its weary length” up the steep ascent at a snail’s pace. After being cribbed and looked up seven hours in a miserable suffocating little compartment one feels in clined to get out and run alongside the mov ing mass or scramble upthe sharp sides of the cutting and gather the rich purple blossoms of sarsaparilla trailing vine like among the stone-, and pluck the delicate pink and white heather waving high np above. '‘At last,” yawns my chaperone, the break causes the wheel to creak, carriages shake and rattle as if they ached under the pressure, and I again pop my head out to see, not the Beech worth I once knew and connected with bitter boyish disappointment. (Jo be continued.') 