? THE OPEBA.—Lyster'a Opera Company repREduced the " Grand Duchess" at the Royal oa Wednesday night, to a good average house, His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois being amongst the audience. The cast was the ram* as it waa on the first representation on Monday night. Theperformance was pleasing, without being in any degree striking. Miss Lambert shone to better advantage than any of the others. Miss May was rather weak both in her singing and acting, still she met with considerable favour. The other principal performeis were tolerably effective, and the opera taken {^together went smoothly enough. " Faust" will he repeated tonight, with Madame Rose Hersee as Marguerite and Mr. Verdi as Mephistopheles. PIGEON-FLYIKG.—Mr. W. J. Symonds, of Gawler, who has three homing birds training, has daring the past few days made the following flights with his birdsFrom Mintaroto Gawlec —The tbirds were tossed at 11.40 a.m., and Bismarck arrived at Gawler at 123 p.m.; distance. 57| miles. From the 70£ milepost they were tossed at 12,8, and reached Gawler at 1.55 p.m. From the Bnrra they were tossed on the 18th at 11.45, and arrived at Gawler st 2 p.m.— a distance of 76 miles. Bismarck, however, has been lost, not having been seen since he waa tossed at the Burra. Yesterday the birds were tossed at Mount Bryan—a distance of 86 miles —at 12.30, and reached Gawler at 2.15 p.m., doing the distance in 1 hour 45 minutes. THE SISTEBS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CABATOHAMA.— It may be interesting to many to note the statement published in oar advertising columns o£ the money taken at- the bazaar and caritoms lately held in the Town Hall by the Sisters of St. Joseph. The amount realized, after expenses were paid, was £1,003 9s. 9d. POST ADELAIDE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.— A service of song, entitled " Christiana," will be given in this church this evening by the Port Congregational Sunday-school. YOTJNQ MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.—A conversazione in connection with this Association will be held at the Booms, Gawler-plaoe, this evening. There will be an exhibition of microscopes, mega - lithoscopes, graphoscopea. pictures, cariosities, &c.;, lent by Sir Thomas Elder, Messrs. D. Murray, J. A. Holden, D. B. Adamson, H. L. WhitteU, H. O. Mais, E. D. Stock, and Drs. Moore and Thomas. ADELAIDE STRING QUABTBT CLUB.—On Wednesday afternoon the sixth and last concert o£ the Adelaide String Quartet Club was given atthe Academy of Masic. The programme did not present so much variety as usaal, there being six numbers, three of which were chosen from Mendelssohn, two from Beethoven, and ona from Goltermann. The proceedings opened with Mendelssohn's String Quartet, Op. 12, No. 1, in which Messrs. Hall, Chapman, Schrader, and Winterbottom took part. This work is essentially characteristic of its great composer. It beginswith an adagio movement, which was giveir with much expression, then follow an allegro and an andante, and the quartet ends with ft delightfully quaint canzonetta allegretto. Of the beauty of these movements it is needless to say anything, bat we may congratulate tbe instrumentalists on the way in which they rendered them. The next item waa a solo—intermezzo, Op. 48., by Gol- termann, in which Mr. Winterbottom, notwithstanding the simple nature of the composition, showed how thoroughly he is master of his instrament. Then followed one of Beethoven's sonatas, Op. 2, No. 1, for the piano, at which Mr. Pybus officiated. This gentleman, who appeared for the first time in connection with the A S.Q Club on this occasion, played in his usaal well- known style. After the usual interval Messrs. Hall, Schrader, and Winterbottom took np the strings again, and gava Beethoven's Serenade, Op. 8, for violin, viola, and violoncello. This elaborate composition presents innumerable difficulties on account of -the succession of varied movements contained in it, but the pei formers had evidently given careful study to the work, and their rendering of it W88 received with general gratificfttion« After this Mr. John Hall played a solo-, Mendelssohn's Andante from Violin Concerto, Op. 64, in which he was accompanied on the piano by Mr. Schrader. The delicate way in which he treated this exquisitely pathetic composition brought down the bouse, and proved once more that there is no instrament so capable of appealing to the emotions of _ a music - loving audience aa the violin in the hands of a good player. A trio for piano, violin, and violoncello,'arranged from Mendelsshon's " Lobgesang Symphony," brought the concert to a close. It was a happy selection for the last number of the last concert of the Club's first season. The solemn adagio and religioso were suggestive of good work well done, of high efforts having met with theie reward ; and the artistic manner in which these movements were played proved beyond doubt that to strive after a higher standard in musical art results in its eventual attainment; and in the final allegretto, so fall of Mendelssohn's bright and poetic spirit, there seemed to breathe forth encouragement and hope for the fatare oE the work which has been so bravely initiated by the members of the A.S Q. Club. We notice that an extra concert will be given at the Academy of Music for the benefit of professional members on Saturday afternoon, November 6, at 3 p.m, on which occasion the programme will comprise a symphony for full orchestra and selections from previous concerts of the Olab. PEFFEB'S GHOST.—Professor Pepper entertained another appreciative audience at Garner's Theatre on Wednesday evening. The programme was admirably arranged from beginning to end, the spectators not only being treated to spectacular illusions calculated to excite their astonishment, bat the taste for the intellectual waa gratified hya classical exhibition of moBt beautiful specimens of famous statue's, so faithfully represented that they looked like the solid marble. The romantic classical story of Pygmalion and Galatea wag illustrated in _ so artistic a fashion that the audience could not restrain their admiration, but broke into hearty acclamation. The ghost effects were very wonderful, and the Professor's cool, self-possessed, and withal humorous* mode *of explanation was no less entertaining. The audience, who had been all along intensely interested in all that took place, were sent home in the greatest good humour by the laughable sketch of the " Worried Barber," which was fanny to the last degree. The same, programme will be given to-night. ENTEBTAIN»IENT8. — Entertainments will be given this evening at St. Bartholomew's School, Norwood, and at the Walkerville Schoolroom 