DECAY OF A ONCE GREAT FLEMISH CITY [LONDON TIMES.] Six cs:i:tii'Scs and more ago Bruges was amazing tta world -with its prosperity. In Uiobc -days a town a f ew miles from Um sea was reckoned among ports. Canals brought Bruges as close to tho ocean, eight miles off, . as it wus safe for a wealthy city to he. Bruges was one of the few groat xcservoiis iu which Europe stored whatever riches it created or gathered together. The Hanse towns Bent it the products they collected on the shores of the Baltic, rind from hiilf-inythical Russia. Augsburg and Nuremberg and the Imperial cities of tho lihine maintained ambassadors and factors within its walls. Shipping from Genoa, and Venice and Pisa nnd Leghorn carried to it the manufactures of Italy and the merchandise Italy imported from the Kast. 'With England the relations of Bruges, politi cal and commercial, were of the most inti mate friendship. English sheep pastured to supply the looms of Bruge3. Flemish cloth of English growth was the common coin for which Bruges exthnnged the spices and silks of tho East and the toys of Italian art. Tho women of Bruges were arrayed in such splendor that a Queen of France whom the city enter tained as its guest thought she had fallen among a company of Govere'gns liko herself. Tho citizens were, keen :it bar tering and dexterous at manufacturing. They toiled hard and they lived luxuriously. The wealth which poured in from west and east and north and south overflowed into noblo churches and towu-halle and learned and luxurious monasteries. The city became a treasury-house of paintings and tapestry, statuary and carved work. Its burghers af fected to obey their Tlemish lords ; but they bore themselves like princes, and warred with their rivals of Gheut or allied with foreign potentates at their pleasure. A strange yoke fell upon them. They lost their liberty to determine the limits of their duty as subjects. Spanish rulers, who neither spolce their tongue nor understood their temper, trampled upon their francldses. Yet it was not that which gave in Bruges the signal of decadence. Co lumbus and V asco da Gama had shifted the centre of the world's commerce. Tho current no longer ran under the walls and along the canala of Bruges. Thenceforward tho mag nificence of the city of which the fame was as familiar to Dante a3 to Chaucer ceased to con tain any principle of vitality. It continued to exist because its bulk anil place in the world's being was too vast for it to die visibly and at once. But it has been dying in reality for the paat three centuries. Every decade its trade groira less, its population dwindles, and its monks and mendicants multiply. .Each stop mantaTceshe treads upon ruins. The earth is strewn wifli ruins, and built up of them also. Asia is overspread with the ashes and bonco of renowned cities. In Italy the hovels of the present are burrowed out of tho palaces of the past. France and Germany have their wrecks too. They aro to 1)0 found along tho Iihine and tho Danube. Ghosts of bygone pomp hoyer along tho banks of the Loire, and the west and the east have their legends of muni cipalities which are now little but village^ and of the substance of wealth which is now but a shadow. The law of humanity .might seem to be constant decay and downfall. The fate of Bruge3, with 45,000 citizens still, and its hotels crowded by tourists, may appear too tolerable in comparison to provoke a regret. The very fact that Bruges preserves so much of tho circumstance of former prosperity while it possesses none of tho reality is that which renders the spectacle melancholy. Europe sees at Bruges the process of pining and fading in actual progress before its face, The monu ments of its former glorie3 remain to point tho contrast of old times with new. ?Rink r.f tli» multitude of beggars who live upon alms or by preying upon strangers within its circuit testifles reproachfully to the fullness of civic vigor and generosity whence sprang the hospi tals and monastries and almshouses which support that mass of indolence aud inertness. On the Barbary coaat, in the Levant, on the Italian shore of tho Adriatic, the traveller comes everywhere upon tho crumbling vestiges of departed magnificence. But in those 're gions tho whole land partakes of tlie same mournful and deserted aspect. A blight has nettled on naturo and man alike. Outside the precincts of Bruges there is an air of busy ani mation. The fields are cultivated like a gar den. There nro tall chimneys wj-\atUed in smoke. Thero Is a .sound- of forges and the whirr of enginei. . Be]ginm is as eager In the nineteenth century as it was , in the fourteenth to take its .share, -and more than its share, in carrying the world forward. No invention can lie brought to Ij'gbt on jejtlier wde of tlie Atlantic which Belgian raantifactorlo nro not quick to utilise and Belgian wits to improve, upon. Relatively the country may have lost ground in the race for .wealth by the side of States of ' larger area and creator population. Nationswhieh in; tho middle ages.wore con tent toi produce die raw material, and leave, toi Bruges, ana -'Ghent, and Ypres, and Mechlin tho task, tof working and distribute ' ing 'i^ now do for themselves wliat tiro Low Countries once did for all. A handful of scattered towns in the Netherlands, in Northern .Germany, in Suabia, and in Italy are no longer commissioned by tho world to act as ita ports, and factories, and marts. Bel- ' gimn,'' however, has not itself gone back, though it may have lost ita monopoly. In arts ; and industry, in opsnness of mind and liber -. ality, in general well-being, the Belgian poo pie, as a whole, liavo advanced from ago to age. Tlie thoughts of all who care for , en lightenment and intelligence applied to the promotion of human happiness dwell with gratitude on this bright and sunny spot on .the moral map of tho European continent. In spired with admiration for Belgian devotion to progress, aud with a mind excited by the incessant friction of human energy with which the very air of Belgium seems to flicker, the strainer alights in tho city which was for hun dreds of years the centre whence spread to the extremities of tho eiuih belief in the power juij splendor of ancient Flamlor* He can still wonder at a multitude of churches anil civic palaces, and mansions of the merchant ' princes whose arms Etretchcd through tho furthest East Tho canals still meet his eyes which bore tribute from every shore to the 200,000 citizens of Bruges. But as for lifo and breath there is as little of it in Bruges ns in a coral jeef. Its neighbor and com peer, Ghent, has changed its forms of in- ; dustry to suit the altered tiroes. Antwerp, though it has a past to be proud of, has not allowed its past to dwarf its present. Great as it was three centuries back, when it and Yenico shared a commercial primacy, and though it cm pretend to no such predominance now, its population its denser than ever, its wealth more equally applied to the general comfort. Other towns there are at every few miles throughout Handera and Brabant which, Lice Tcrarnai and Courtrai, if they have ?not gone forward, can claim not to have receded in the struggle for existence. Only Bruges, which was as illustrious as Ghent, and more illustrious than Antwerp, is dead, though it seems not to know it. Everywhere, in every corner of the earth, history point; to the sites of vanished civic grandeur. The different kinds nf animal and vegetable life are born each with its natural faculty for living so long and no longer. So one hiatorio town might plausibly be presumed from its career to have been endowed at its birth with a term of pros perity of a couple of centuries, and another, it may bo, of five. In all tho stir, nnd vivacity. and vigor have liad, apparently, their predes tined limit. They have grown and they have culminated, and then they iave withered and , declined. Happily, the analogy of individual physical lifo has no necessary application to the life of nations and of cities. For their prosperity the mental qualities of the popula tion which constitute them deserve tlie praise ; if final adversity overtakes them, the qualities of the population must benr the blame. Local conditions in them or their neighbors may give the impulses. Bruges and Ghent owed much j to the pastures and grazing-groumls of 15ng- j land for the fortuno which made them marts I of the Haneo League and depots for the trade ! of Italy and the East But the vigor of the j burghers who dwelt thero was that which absorbed tho trade of the 3Jorth Sea, and tho Baltic, and tbo Mediterranean. The com merce of the East found fresh channels, and the face of Europe and the British Isles was turned in other directions. The burghers of Bruges might have turned their faces too, and made good tbeir titles to the later routes. Holland, which shared with iTanders iu the loss of the old markets, was keen to assert her right to a lion's share in tho new. If Dutch rivalry with Spain planted enemies aud en vious competitors at tho doors of Bruges, the same cause opened the gates of an empire in tho new hemisphere to its enterprise. Tlie opportunities it possessed it neglected ; those it had lost it made an excuse for folding its hands in lethargic despair. Indulgence in tho enjoyment of the fruits of prosperity had re laxed the onorgy of its peoplo. Had tho Kow World and the new route in. India by the Cape never been discovered, Bruges would have dwindled and lanpnishod as now. Its citizens had como to think of riches as a moans of dispensing with labor and not as a means of employing it They acquiesced in an indolence enforced only in the sense that former avenues of industry weTe closed because they had ceased to love toil and had learnt to lnvo ease. 