ALPHONSUS LIGUORI. NO. XI. ; : vv E shall now take . our . leave : of ; , this lessed Popish saint— the chosen doctor of "TYr' 9 give his Roman Church good' sound Catholic teaching. We have a right to suppose that we have given our renders enough to convince tbem that his Moral Theology is about the most heart- sickening collection of atrocious and im moral teachings ever put in print. We have not by any means .gone into the depths of the filthy instructions which his book contains. There are questions dis cussed and distinctions made, and condi tions given which we dare not translate. If we were to give them in English, prob ably Dr. Yaughan or Father Sheridan would call the attention of the Attorney- General to " obscene publications." If not these dignitaries of the Church some of the lower brood would be set agoing to enter a " criminal prosecution " against us. Some of that lower brood have already considered the chances of a criminal prosecution. It would be a very fine piece of casuistry for priests to appeal to the " Act against obscene publications " in order to protect and keep from public gaze tlie abominable works of Liguori, Dens, and others of tlie same stamp. Yet this was exactly what was done in Fmg- land, in the case of the Iiish convert Murray, who was prosecuted for his "Confessional Unmasked," and who was afterwards persecuted and hunted and; assaulted to death — The fault of Murphy was that he put into English only what is printed in Latin. It was said that the obscenities of Liguori and Dens were in Latin and therefore the public sense of decency was not shocked and the immo ralities of Liguori and Dens were not seen and known by the public. Another defence was that the books were intended for priests — spiritual doctors — who require to know the workings and secrets of the human heart, even as the students of medicine and surgery require to be acquainted with the human body. The medical and surgical student must have the naked cadaver before him ; so the priest, who is the surgeon or doctor of the soul, must have the whole body and heart and soul of woman laid bare before him. The exposure, by questions and conversa tion, is fpr the purpose; of .knowing the complexion and aggravation of sin, and for the further purpose of curing disease. So, as the abominations were under the cover of Latin, and the books were for students, who were preparing for the work of confessing and curing diseases of the souls, the authorities held that the abominable books might be in Latin, but that they would be " obscene books " if they were in English. Both arguments seem to us to be very weak. No doubt the medical student must have a cadaver before him ; but because he studies a cadaver, or naked body, he does not require all the patients who come to him to be everyone of them as a cadaver to lie down for his exami nation. Besides, the cadaver on which the student practises is a dead body, not one full of blood and nerves, and with eyes which tell the emotions of the soul. And again, what the medical student is seeking while the cadaver is lying before him is a knowledge of bones and muscles and nerves and veins ; and he searches for this knowledge not only in the female cadaver, but also in the male one ; and the Latin terms which he needs in the study are harmless to him and to any who may please , to take the trouble to translate them. But is there any parallel to this in the case of the priest who studies the works of Liguori and Dens ? His cadaver is the female one, as more beautiful and interesting and instructive than the male one; and every patient or penitent that comes to him, of the favoured sex, whether young or old, whether married or unmarried he makes a cadwver — not a dead one, without feeling and warmth and soft sensibilities, but one that has all the strange Jthrobbings of life ! And the priest is not in search of bones and muscles, nerves and veins; but -in search of feelings and desires and thoughts' and secret acts whose very name is filthy and defiling. Moreover, - though the hooks which he reads are in Latin, his talk and questions and dooks in -the con fessional are not in Latin. It is- in Ehg- lish, or the vernacular,' that he deals- with; the living cadaver: His Latin is a curtain toj '.keep- off . the public vgaze,: but - ' behind ; the curtain . t there j is ho- more Latin, but naked cadavers! 1 ; . Draw do wn' 1 the ;; blinds of a room and keep out the public gaze, but corrupt every girl that enters the room ; is the abomination lessened because the. blinds of the room were drawn down? The question, therefore, is not, are the obscene writings of Liguori and Dens in Latin ; hut is the talk of the confessional not in English ? If the talk of the con fessional be in English ; if the women are questioned in the dark room in English, how can it be wrong that the husbands of those women, or their brothers and sweet hearts should know what is said to them or asked of them ? The Latin is a device to keep those husbands and brothers in ignorance of the villany which is done in the dark; for, as the priests are bound to keep in secret what is told them, so the women and girls are put under an oath not to tell what the priest asks them or does with them ! The charge therefore of obscenity should lie not against the translator of Liguori and Dens, but against the writers and pro pagators of those books. He who trans lates them, translates them that the public may know how one half of the community are being poisoned and cor rupted in their modesty and' morals. Unfortunately he tells the public what the public will scarcely beli eve becase'they cannot read the Latin. He tells ' them > what so enrages and shocks them that they : fly at the translator and forget the authors and still more the practisers. They rush ; to the "Act against obscene books" to punish the book in an English dress, and they suffer to escape the same book in its Latin dress; and they half murder the; poor revealer of the iniquities ; but caress; with their favour the priests and bishops: who practise the iniquities behind' the scenes ! If only the public saw through the: curtain ; if only they believed that what the Latin says is spoken in English to the, women in the confessional box ; if only they would realize that questions in Eng lish are put to their mothers and sisters and wives in the confessional by bachelor priests, which they will not hear nor read in English without disgust — the chances are that every confessional box would he smashed to pieces in the course of a night, and the spiders in them deprived of their webs ; but the Latin saves them ; and the heretic that dares to translate the Latin; is only a heretic who must not be believed, but punished by resort to the Act for the suppression of obscene books. Irrespective of that' Act, and out , of regard for our own sense of shame, we dare not translate the filthy abomina tions of Liguori and Dens ; . but as we read them we understand perfectly the secret of the enormous, power of the priest over the women and girls of the' Romish Church. If the confessional does not defile and ruin those women, it makes them the slaves of the priests to put the whole power of the family in their hands. The women who are priest-ridden are mere tools with which the priest- works. They tell him everything ;' and he directs them in everything. Their husbands may wish certain things ; hut if the priest! wishes a different thing, the women, at the peril of their" souls, must do as the priest requires of them. He has the women wholly in his 'power. : Their whole history — their faults and falls, of which their husbands know nothing— are all known to him; and when the priest and the woman are thus in conspiracy, who is the miser able husband that will succeed against them? Were it not for the confessional box and the devotion of the women, the Church would "net stand a "day ; hut " as long as there are women the priests ' \nil thrive. " ' ' Let us now give from: Liguori's "Melan-, choly examples of persons who have made' sacrilegious confessions that is, who have kept hack' from the priest anything about themselyes, or their husbands, 6r their- families, or their /secrots ; which ' he has demanded from them. The lying examples are, of course, designed to stimulate the women to tell all, for the priest must have all : — The first is the case o£ a hermit who -was giiilty of a wicked thought ; and, as , his reputa tion for holiness was very great, he ' afraid and ashamed to -confess it., He' died -and; Zus body Refused to be buried. It, was interred/three' times oyer, but it vas found out of .the sepulchre again on each occasion. Oh being interrogated as' tothe' cause of this,' 'tile dead man acknow- ledged that he had committed a sin (we suppose the sin of lying to the Holy Ghost) in confes sion. His body too appeared "like hot iron, sending forth sparks of fire 1" The second case is that of a man who was esteemed virtuous, hit made a bad confession. When dying he "breathed forth his soul into' the hands of the devil, tearing his tongue in pieces and howling." . And then, after .death, "he became black as a cinder, terrible noise was heard and the room was filled with intolerable. stench.1" The third case is that of a lady who had for years concealed a sin in confession. At length .she entreated one of the Order of St. Dominic, who were in her neighbourhood, to hear, her confession. While confessing to ' that one, another of the Order told his companion after wards, that he saw — that is . the other one, not the one to whom she was confessing— " many serpents coming out of the lady's mouth ; but that there was a large horrible looking serpent, whose head only came out, but afterwards went back into the lady's mouth. , He then saw all the serpents that had come out go back into the lady's mouth ! The lady suddenly, died and appeared to the eoiifessor. She then told him : that God struck her dead and condemned her to hell because she had neglected to conquer the sliama of confessing to; the priest her sin !" "The earth therefore opened, and falling into the chasm she instantly disappeared !" , The fourth case is that of an abbess, of whom St.' Anthony speaks. She concealed a 'sin in confession ; and, after she died withthe reputa tion of _ a saint, her ghost appeared ;to a nun in the choir, with a great noise, aud encompassed with flames, and informed the nun. Gird she was iii hell, and was ' not 1 to be further prayed for, .for - having committed . a sin and never con fessed it 1" \- Is it possible for our readers to conceive such : falsehood and villany as this ? Yet this is Dr. Vaughan's religion ! 