THE FAMINE IN IRELAND. \--A, The meeting at the Masonic Hall last night, for the purpose of inventing a movement in ooo South Wales for the relief of the dish essed Irish peasantry, was a most enthusiastic one, the hall being completely crowded, even standing room being unobtainable The chair was taken by his "W 61 ship the Mayor, Mr R. Fowler, and there were on the pi information fan Alfred Stephen, Lieutenant- Governor, kCJIG.MLC Sir George Wigram Allen, K.C.M.G., his Grace Archbishop "Vaughan, Sir John Hay), KCMG, Hon. William Macleay), MLC, Ilco Rabbi who is, Mr Thomas Buckland, Hon W B Dalley), MI C , Rev James Jefferis, LL B , P A Jennings C M G S W Gray, M L A , John See, T P , Hon John Marks", MLC, his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, Captain Mathieu, C G of li since, Mr Michael Fitzpatrick, M L A , Captain Cave (I r ) Captain. Charles, MLA, Very) Rev Dean Sheridan, V G , Mr G R Dibbs, Monsignor Lynch, Rev P J Mahony, Messrs John Davis, M L A Montague Levey, J P E E Waters, Alfred Bennett, J M Lynch, J Y Burns, M L A ; James Morgan, M L A , Daniel O'Connor, ML A , Alderman Hordern, Butler P Higgins, Alderman Meeks, J 6 0 Ryan, J H Heaton, T M Slattery (Prothonotary)), E G Ellis, John T Toohey , John Hourigan, J P , Dr Gilhooly, Dr Markey, Mr J "Vicars, Rev M H Road., Messrs Alderman Chapman, JP J Dalton, J P The Cn iinoiAV aiding hada letter from Lord Loftus, enclosing a cheque for 22 (Applause ) In this letter he expressed great interest 111 the object of the meeting that night He had also a letter from Messrs Fairfax and Sons, enclosing a cheque for £100 (Loud applause ) He had a letter from the late Mayor, expressing his regret at his inability to attend, and enclosing a cheque for 5 J OS He had also one from He Sebastian Hodge, enclosing a cheque for £2, and expressing his regret it being unable to be present they ever own that they were assembled there that coon- ing to endeavour to benefit a rice who were remarkable for then he vitality and, although our) men) eminent writers had said man) had 1 Ulinga containing Deland, loves sever ally admitted that they could walk from one end of the 1st and to the other without a response in their poor one, and he did not think that they could be better employed than in helping those who are so ready to help others (Cheers ) Mr. O'CONNOR said he thought the letter of his Excel lency ought to be read to those present, and he then laid is as follows - " Gov 01 ment House January 12 1886 " S r,-I beg to express to you, and are most of us to com- music are to the meeting at on his journey to preside to d to my heartfelt appar action of the "various fe lines which have moved her Mijeslos spheres of Sydney to come for ward to the ass that of then desired cd and suffering fellow countrymen in Free and It TO n it the first time that the citizens of Sydney) have evinced their noble soinpith) on behalf of suffering him only, met the generous aid thou me now about to render will not only elicit thoj^ratitiielt of the bush people, but it will stir rather those national bonds of fi ternal fr mishap which bind them together with their brother r on n s members of one minute It will also iPinnm an import ishable memorial of their patriotism and of their generous liberality) to the Irish nation in the dark hour of its distress " I beg: to enclose a cheque for £2 J US mo subscription to the land in aid of distress in Ireland, and I beg to re- main, Sir your obedient servant Our IJSTIS for rest " The Right "W Worshipful the "Mayor of Sydney ' Sir ALFRED STEPHEN moved the first resolution as follows - that this meeting strong hold of the great diet ess existing and D vast numbers of our fellow subjects in Ireland, desires to express its deep sympathy with the sufferers ' He then said the object that brings us together this evening, and the feeling that ooidentlvper under this vast assemblage are such that it would ill become more and it is certainly not my) intention over of I to address you at any length As I recollect the facts, it was doubted at first whether, the alleged distress in Ireland was so great as it now turns out to be. It is now generally admitted on all hands that that distress is exceedingly ticul, pen ding large districts of Ireland and probably at this moment there me some thousands of our fellow-countrymen with all the houses before them of impending famine Men, women, and children are suffering to such a horrible extent that might nation fails to depict the extent of the miser And not only has the famine in itself infected the immediate victims of it, but it is almost invariably followed by disease and eventually death in its most horrible form The pestilence is in the tunnel famine and as we know till, surely) requires no argument and no eloquence of mine whatever traducers!, the ink habitants of this "most wealthy, and happy colony to extend to iii that relief ovniiU alone can save them from misery and death (Cncois ; the resolution with which I have been honoured is simply one expressing the deep sympathy) of the inhabit ants of this colony with the distress that there prevails. there will be by) other speakers something more important even than this submitted call upon you and all of us to show practical) what our decree of s) apathy is (Cheers ) I do not think it becoming on any occasion of this kind for any individual to speak at all of himself, and all I have to say is that I in one from my heart to. see this vast assemblage, and the lading ovhieh-peioudcs every one. It is creditable to the inhabitants of the colony, and I feel proud that I am a colonist every inch of me (Loud applause ) I have already said that it would not be smart note to me or respectful to of You to trespass on your time, and hence evill content me self with moving the resolutiOn I entrusted to me (Loud and prolonged cheering ) The Hon W li Dun A, saloon ming was received' with loud cheers, seconded the resolution He soldiers hardly necessary on such an occasion as this indeed it would be to some extent animpeitinenee-to trespass upon your patience by an attempt to enforce the urgency of such a claim as that which is now made upon your companion and our sympathy (Applause) J. ho spectacle of a chivalrous, affectionate, suffering body of our fellow citizens in danger of starvation is too fleeting, and tooaAafulto form the subject of and address, or to become the theme of any impassioned appeal to the pity and generosity of mankind the people of this country have abundantly and repeatedly salaam to the AI of Id that no cry of suffering, from the most distant portion of the Empire, has been here unheard 01 unanswered-no an ant uni elma ed, no claim upon our charity disregarded We have club h bed an indisputable title to the aa world's esteem by manifesting a genuine, i hearty, and an action of sympathy as with all as he hive (in the inscrutable judgments of Heaven) been the victims of great national calamities in all parts of the world (Cheers) It has been our pride and our consolation that AIO have been privileged to take part in many generous public movements having for their object to lo sent the sum and to the dify the bitterness of the sufferings of not only the citizens of our own great Empire, but of these whose only claim upon or pitA Aran based upon our common humanity We are now malted to come to churches as a people whose bitter lost seems to be, and to have long been to have an exceptional share of privations and sutteimgs-of a people AT ho have amidst many national sorrows and distresses, done it all events then part of the noble labour of founding,eulatging, consolidating, and governing the mighty Empire of which it is our greatest distinction to be citizens-(cheers)-of i people who have been as profusion of their genius as of their blood in the service of our common country (Applause ) Our Sovereign herself has, faith merciful and characteristic promptitude, graciously given to her subjects an example of local munificence and queenly compassion in her coming to the mind which has been organized for this relief And AIO shall best testify our pity, our charity, and our loyalty by put ting her illustrious example (Loud and prolonged applause ) The resolution was unanimously carried Archbishop VAUGHAN', who was received with prolonged cheering, said Your Worship, ladies and gentlemen, AArhon Mr. Alderman O'Connor came to me one day last week, and requested me in the name of the committee to attend this meeting, and to speak to one of the resolutions, 1 accepted that invitation with sentiments of the profound est sympathy. When I had a few moments to myself I began to think over the terrible calamity which has befallen, and is befalling our Irish brethren at home, and to realize, as well as I could, the urgency of the situation. The issue of my silent meditation was simply this I had determined from the first to give a handsome subscription, now I firmly resolved to double it. I felt myself called upon to make a sacrifice, to beg of your Worship to accept, as my costs She tion, £100. Ladies and gentlemen, the resolution entrusted to my' advocacy is to the following effect: That a fund for the relief of the sufferers be now formed, to be called the " Irish Distress Relief Fund, and that the proceeds be forwarded to the Right Worshipful the Lord Mayor of Dublin, as soon as possible by the hon. treasurers of " " Now, there is a saying in Italy which I believe is full of truth ; the Italians say, Siaiiw tutti facts della stessapasta, We are all made of the same paste human nature is much the same all the world over. (Cheers.) Such being, the case, it crosses my mind that those thoughts which had the effect of urging me to double my subscription, might not be without their influence with others, and that, possibly, I might speak effectually to my resolution by simply, and with all simplicity, bringing out before you, as briefly as I can what those thoughts were The first image that presented itself before my mind in thinking of Ireland was that of the great Daniel O'Connell. (Cheers.) Those two thoughts are inseparable. I saw before me that king of men and tribune of the people standing in all the majesty of his manly strength and beauty; his very physique bearing witness to the vigour of his brain and the power of his large and tender heart. (Cheers.) I could see him standing before the, strong as a tower that stands four square to every wind that blows." I asked myself, How did that strong man come to die? I found that he died of a broken heart. He was struck down by the great Irish famine of 1846-7. " His enforced breast i Sharp forroAvs did in thousand pieces Five " at thought of the people he loved with such fierce tender- i hues wasting .away/iin> thousand»'through starvation and *idifUUU*<L-- ^*1PM1I, A *~T*rf'h»»«ii»l»»...<» . Q .y^ni-tiiU.tlii'iin» to contemplate -o sf lady a man, one so fearless, being pros- strafed and a hollow broken, by the "ZT"*1 h,l, Peff ° Then I asked i.i atthow came it that O'Conn.Hwns so profoundly overcome by the great evil unity of the line of 1870-71 And I answered moself because he had an intimate knowledge of the peasantry of Ireland, and therefore he loved Un m passionately and beiausohc had witnessed with his own eyes the appalling sufferings of those he loved- Could 1,1 though, only get some knowledge of that people something in of what he had, said I but fix my eyes on four charges-, then I should be able to ov cop or if h him, and love them and assist them all I could I then thought over in wv and as I knew that wonderful peop!c,»espocinllv of the peasantry I remembered their singular ' generosity of chiiRitci, then tomago, (hoir humanity Chicory ) I remembered by hat Curran said " The hospitals of other countries is a matter of necessity orconocut!on-in v savage nations of the first, in polished of the lattir-but- ih« hospitality of an Irishman is not the running account of posted and ledgoied courtesies as in other countries, it spraggs, like all his qualities, his faults, his armies, directly from the heart the heart of the Irishman is by nature bold, and he con- sides, it is tender, and he loves it is generous, and he gives it is social, and he is hospitable " (Loud cheers ) So much for Irishmen urgency al, and from long FOr some experience I can vouch for its truth But, what about the peasant class in particular I remember a p issue of From Giles, who had an intimate knowledge of this remark table class. He says "The peas rat in Ireland exercised a peculiar and sacred order of hospitality), strange towne nobility) and the wo 11th) Such hospitality) is mentioned in the Gospel-hospitality ovhuh reckons amongst its guests the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind, and which has its reward in heaven These classes in Ireland had not merely a share in the humble man's feast, they had also there pittance out of his scarcity Daily be divided with some of them his food, and nights he shared with some of them his roof None more than the humble Irish seemed to keep constantly in mind that Christ of as supplicant in each person of the destitute, and well did then the moment of the destitute anticipate that last address I was an hungered, and ye gave me meat I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink, I was sick. and c visited me I was in prison, and ye carnotite wo How beautiful, how surpassingly touchingly I thought within roo self, is not all this And then I remembered reading in some speech of John "Bright's that the Irish in America alone, during the space of sixteen short of cars, I think it was better '268 and 1861, sent back over the waters to their mus tnd\ieIitioes at home thirteen millions pounds sterling, .. l in his liver) and humanity nfc rqu ii of their generosity 1 lessee king still prracip ill) of thee pass my days I chanced>auly two days ago, to look into the History of the Siege of Limerick, and I came across one fact of gallantry humanity, and during which I do not think could be equalled in the annals of military ov late A A fire rib had been burst in the walls of the at) At, attack ever made But the garrison repulsed the attack with such impetuosity) that the enemy) retreated and were for Yes ed to their camp in the mile other English hospital was section fire What did these lush soldiers do, these soldiers who had been drawn from the dominant class of their corn. if J ' The) for- got the enemy) they i dashed in amongst those James and did not desist till every wounded Englishman vam Bl inden burger had him carried away from danger, a net had been put in a place of safety until they had cfl°e,tunllv was anguished the flames which were raging in the building (Loudchccis) Having done that, the? fought their who back into their stronghold "U hen I had thought over all these things, I begun to realize how it is' that O'Connell loved his ncoploovith such passionate attack. on (near, horn ) thou L,cneiosito, self- forgetfulness, could eat unanimity, thou love of poor , of song the dark shadows. w thrown across fhur history, the beauty of their fatherland i brought to my mind the words of the poet " AA li it stood reflects a shore so sweet f] As (there is IJuaiie or pastoral 1 ann , i On the nth lend 01 foe could meet, so feeneioUb as an Irishman ' Nova, surely, it is but natural to feel very keenly when such a race as this is suffering acutely for no fault of their own One's very lovoandadmuationot them make so fool all the more vehemently for them I will not weary or sudden you ladies and gentlemen, by a long account of the sorrows of the Irish people, but the effect would not be complete if I did not ask you to bear with me whilst I tell you some other thoughts that passed through IMA mind 1 AA ill select three of them I remembered, then, in studying the Poet Spencer, one pis go in his prose works which I have never forgotten He had been presented with 3000 acres of land, part of the Desmond property which had been confiscated This was in the sixteenth century Spencer, AS he himself, if we may believe Len Jonson, died from " lack of bread," visited his estate and describes the peasants thus "Out of every corner of the woods and glens they came ci repine forth upon their hands, to their legs could not bear them she looked like an stories of de whether spoke like ghosts crying out of their graves they are the dead camon, happy when they could find them yea, and one another soon after, insomuch that the very carcasses they spared not to scrape out of their graves " AA hat could possibly be more frightful than that ] picture as I turned vomit I remembered the famine of 17.39 1740, and 1741, of which history SHA s little In 1711, 400,000 Irishmen assaults have perished from want One Kent village buried oOO for a time they subsisted on grass, docks, and nettles "I have been," says an eye witness, the labourer endeavouring to work at his spade, but fainting for want of food, and forced to quit it I have seen the aged father eating glass like a beast, and in the anguish of his soul wishing for his dissolution I have seen the helpless orphan exposed on the dunghill, and none to take him in for term of infection and I have seen the hungry infant sucking at the breast of the already expired parent The famine of 1847 afforded me similar pictures of heartrending distress (Hearhear) I recalled the efforts of the people in lb 10 to make good the losses of the previously year I remember the fierce energy as with which they worked (Cheers ) I recollect the blasting of their hopes, when in one single night the green crop over hill and in the fertile valley was shrivelled and blackened by the universal blight the population were literally driven into their graves Then lormeroneigv had turned to a stolid, silent despair It was a common sight to see the cutter and his family sitting on the fence of their little building, looking silently and with a Aacintbtaro upon the black crop of blighted promise, which they had worked hard to plant, but which was as rotten tnthecaith You might address them, and they would not speak to you You might" try to cheer them, but it was too late they felt their -hour had come, and that they had to follow others to the grave One might crawl away -atnightXandrestinsomo doorway out of the moonlight; on opening the door in the morning, the servant, or master of the house, found a corpse. The spirit had departed to its everlasting rest. Others would lie down to dream of feasting and Fullness, and awakens to starve and to die. It seemed as if the peasant world of Ireland, that noble race, was absolutely coming to an end." These were some of the thoughts which passed through my mind, some of the pictures that presented themselves. But what have they to do with the present distress I found they had much to do with it. Far I remembered, first, that all famines are much the same in their aspects of distress, and that, when I thought how much the Irish people had suffered in the past, I felt all the more moved to assist them in their." present necessity. (Cheers.) Secondly, I could in some way measure the present exigency by the exigencies of former times and I came to the conclusion that the present position of the Irish people at home calls more loudly than over for our prompt assistance. (Cheers.) Thank God, we do not know what famine is here ; but AVO do know what Hood is. Add your own floods to an Irish famine-add starvation from hunger, to starvation from cold, wet and exposure, and you have a picture of the present distress Add what you know yourselves to what I have described, and you will then be able, in part at least, to grasp the necessities, the crying wants of the present case. (Cheers.) I can see now, in imagination, a peasant family in Ireland. The old man and his wife, and his son and his wife. and the little children. The early promise of a crop has ended in blight and rottenness ; the little field of corn is under water ; the cot in which they live is soaked with the winter's rain; and shrieks with the winter wind. There is no smoke from the big chimney-for there is no fire-the turf is soaked, and is moving into a black alone. They are all shivering in a damp rags, huddled together you can scarcely say they have any clothes. Look at the old man. He wears the' Victoria Cross. He battled in the trenches in the Crimea, and his brothers, and those before him they were always to the front where the British flag war-cloud cheers)-. always ready for the forlorn hope, to spill their lives for. the glory of the Empire. (Cheers.) Look at the younger woman. She cannot last long. All her children are not with her. One fell in South Africa, and she wept as bitter tears as any Empress wept over the corpse of her only son. (Cheers.) Another is in Australia free- selecting, active, energetic, and well to do ; the rest are round: her knees begging for food, which she cannot give to them. I. seem to see three hands stretched out towards Australia as, child's, a woman's, and a man's. The child's is riot plump ) like other children's, but more like a bird's claw; the woman's is so thin; her marriage ring is quite loose upon her finger, the man's hands are stretched out, and clasped. And I hear the younger woman cry out, O you, who live amidst flocks and herds, amidst corner fields and vineyards, in a land in whose bosom the gold davolls-ye English, for whom our family have fought in many a bloody field, send us some succour quickly.: (Cheers.) 'You Scotch, who belong to the same wide Empire -(cheers) do not forget us; and you Irish, O you my countrymen! Miseremtni mci miseremini mci, saltern ves amici vice, quia manus Domini delight me have mercy on me, have mercy on' me, at least you my friends, for the ? hand of the Lord hath touched me." (Cheers.) Your Worship, Ladies, and Gentlemen, let not a great peasantry-! perish; no one can replace them; or in the sweet words of one of Ireland's 6aveotcst,poets : '. Hurd fares the land to hastening ills a prey, where wealth accumulates and men decay ; Princes and lords may flourish or may fade, A breath can make them, as a breath has made, But a bold peasantry, their country's pride. When once destroyed can never be supplied." (Cheers.) I beg to propose the resolution entrusted to me, and, I may add, that I intend to have collections made in all the churches of the Archdiocese in aid of this same, distress. ' Sir GEORGE WIGRAM ALLEN, in seconding the resolution, expressed his deep sympathy with the object which had called this meeting together. (Cheers.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried, amidst cheers.. of a number of gentlemen (including the Mayor and all the aldermen and seven, at other gentlemen) to form a committee for tho purpose of A carrying out the foregoing resolutions. He was quite sure that the eloquent speeches that had just been delivered had found an echo in the hearts of all present. (Applause.)- He would not address those of Irish birth and Irish stood. It was not necessary that they should be spoken to on an occasion like this. He desired rather to address himself to those whose ancestors had lived on the other side of the Channel. (Hear, hear.) He wished to enlist fire sympathy of Englishmen and of his own countrymen- the Scotch people. (Applause.) He felt sure that he would not have to ask them in vain to join with those of Iris),' birth in assisting in the alleviation of the distress which is now existed in Ireland. They all belonged to the one great El npirc-(cheers)-and if they were true to one another, even such a calamity as that which was now pressing upon the beautiful island of Erin would be mitigated or averted. (Applause.) He was sure that in the nineteenth coti'tury.wo need not fear even the death-dealing land? of starvation in any part of the Empire. He could see, from the overcrowded state of the meeting, that the movement had impressed itself upon the people, and he felt sure that the fund, which had been started, would receive the warmest and most practical support. (Cheers). Mr. P. A. JENNINGS seconded the resolution,. A few days before, at a preliminary meeting, which led to the calling of this one, he ventured to express the opin*i'on''ibat the people of Sydney oo-ould display in this instance the good feeling and benevolence they had always shown when such an appeal as this had been made to them. He had ventured to hope that the people of Sydney who had contributed so generously for the relief of sufferers, from famine in India and floods in France would respond nobly in this case, and he was glad that, so far, the result had justified his anticipations (Applause.) It was a melancholy circumstance that such an appeal had to be made, and he would perhaps be par-. doned for feeling The painful character of the appeal' because 'he was an Irishman, and because he had witnessed some of the fearful effects of the famine of 1848. If anything gave the people of Ireland encouragement in their dire distress it should be the knowledge of the fact that people of all nations, races, and creeds were associating to relieve them, and that the speakers who had that night preceded him in moving, and seconding the resolutions, and those who were to follow him over all Australians, Englishmen, or Scotchmen, but none the loss warm sympathisers with the people of Ireland. (Loud applause.) It was a gratifying fact that such a spontaneous response had been made in our midst, and that such generous sentiments had been uttered there that night. Although we were not by any means the first of the Australian cities that had called meetings for this'purpose-Adelaide, Brisbane, and Melbourne having taken the initiative he did not believe that any other colony would be ahead of us in point of substantial donations. '(Cheers) It was, perhaps, one of the greatest blessings that ever enjoyed at this moment-that telegraphic agency could be evoked to send at once the amount of money that might be contributed to relieve with out delay the distress which existed in Ireland. Every £1 friven now would be worth. £5 given (Six months hence. (Hear, hear.) He had been informed that the amount would be transferred to England free, and that he believed to be an act of sympathy that the monetary institutions did not always get credit for. (Hear, hear, and daughter.) The chairman announced the receipt of the following letter from the Colonial Secretary : "Colonial Secretary's Office, " Sydney, January 12,1880. "Dear Sirs-I regret that twill not be in my power to be present at the meeting this evening for the relief of the distress in Ireland. My sympathies are entirely with the movement. " Your obedient servant, " HENIITICPAHKES. " John T. Toohey, and D. O'Connor, Esqs?" \ Mr O'CONNOR also stated that the manager of the 'Bank of Australasia had undertaken to send the 'follow in a day a telegram to London, advising the immediate prv meat in London of the money collected here. is to Nov ALEX A B DAVIS said that, after the march. or of ms order, he would read his text, from which, also after the manner of his order, he might stray. Of course homeward the resolution which he had the pleasure to subtiviA and which he was sure they would receive with as much ec thusiasm as those preceding it, namely,-" That the Right Worshipful the Mayor (Mr R Fowler) of the city of S va nov, and Mr P A Jennings, C SI G , bet appointed he n treasurers to the Irish Distress Relief fund, and that Mr. John T Toohey and Mr D O'Connor, ML -A. act as hon secretaries " (Applause) It was not long i?0 since in this very hall he took part in appealing to their impressionable natures, and through them to those of the ss i apathetic people of the colony, on behalf of the starving millions in India (Applause.) He had again the honour for he did count it as an honour to be allowed the opportune h of speaking before a large and influential audience like this on that estimable quality which makes the whole world almost move a resolution of a similar character though in this instance touching nearer home (Applause ) He had been asking himself, while wending his way hither this evening, hoax it was that, as a Hebrew citizen, he had been entrusted with one of a string of resolutions calculate d to harrow up their sensitive feelings with a dread tale can inviting, and give a voice to that distress again unhappily raging in the oft- celebrated isle of Erin ( Applause ) And he had come to the curious conclusion that it was because he was a descendant so far as he know, for he might possibly be one of the lost ten tribes thought by many to be found in the Anglo- 'Saxon race-the descendanffcif that Joseph who took so noble a part in days of yore in a saving many countries from perishing from famine, that he had the privilege of lifting up his voice, once more, for those who have to bide the pelting of the pitiless storm now It severely felt in the land of the O'Connell and the O'Donohoe, where in place of cheerful plenty there are now found houseless heads, in bedsides, lean abstinence, pale grief, and K haggard care, the dirc<,attendants upon gaunt and ugly famines (Applause ) AV as the picture too highly coloured i Or -was he drawing the same that the depths and extent of the earthern Ireland had been exaggerated for interested or political purposes, or as a set-off against the recent agrarian outrages which were generally deplored This at one time must have e been the prevalent opinion, for the Special Correspondents of the Times under date of November 10th, wrote thus -of" It is perhaps disappointing to those who have an interest in drawing the gloom latest picture of thostatoof Ireland, joint reassuring"- to all who feel a real anxiety about the prospect t We ren of rom these impartial witnesses that there is m1 likelihood of a famine in the land, and that the ordinary, resources of the poor-law will be able to endure expected strain of increased pauperism. Except in a few exceptional \\] districts where help will be needed, the two chief wants will be fuel and labour " But very soon after this was penned, the famine must have reached vast proportions, for we found that address was presented tothoEarlof Beaconsfield, signed by some seventy members of Parliament, one paragraph of which was to this effect "Farming, our main industry, has now suffered from several succes- sive bad harvests, and the depression has been intensified , this a call to the almost complete stagnation of the cattle trade There can be no doubt that the distress will be severe and wide-spread during the coming winter and spring, and that in several extensive districts the almost complete failure of the potato crop and of the fuel supply, combined with the absence of employment, will involve a considerable number of small farmers and labourers in absolute destitution." (Applause.) And if there still existed a lingering doubt in the minds of any sceptic of the terrible fact, it must have been dispelled' on Friday morning last, when a telegram appeared in the 'Hei aid conveying the intelligence "That the distress in Ireland called for exceptional measures of relief, and that the Government were about to advance a quarter of a million sterling, from the reserve fund of the Irish Church, with the object of carrying out relief works, on an extensive scale" (Voices : Two and a half mil- lions.") He was informed that the amount was two-and a half millions. And this could only have been intensified by the telegram from the Lord Mayor of Dublin in to-day's issue. This afforded indubitable evidence of the widespread nature of that distress they were asked to-night-to ; relieve, or at least to help in some measure to allocates And he was sure they would do so with alacrity. He was aware that there were a goodly number who looked upon a visitation like this as a heavenly chastisement who, like the Rev. Canon M'Neile, consider a famine the rod of God. (Groans and hisses.) He must say that was not his opinion. He thought that in presence of sa dire calamity like this, all it became us to do as feeling and compassionate men was to listen to the cry and hasten to the relief. (Applause.) This endeavour to search and probe the hidden ways and purposes of Providence, and to fancy we could make a better arrangement, remind him of an amusing ancient; Hebraic Medrash. A Roman matron asked Rabbi Josd, " " In how many days did God create the world ?" " In six," he answered, with imperturbable gravity. " And what has he been doing over sincere" shocked. "He has," he jocularly replied, " been making matrimonial alliances." " I could do that," said she, " and do it better." " Think you so," he remarked, " in the sight of God it is shared as the parting of the Red Sea." She immediately summoned a hundred male and the same number of female slaves, and placing them in rooms, selected mates for each. She was dismayed at the utter confusion which resulted. There was nothing but quarrelling, wrangling, and disputes. None of the young couples were satisfied with their partners, and had they not been separated many would have paid the penalty of marriage by death. "Ah," said she, " match- making is not so easy as I thought, and requires more skill than I possess." (Laughter.) When we were living under the sunshine of prosperity, it was not for us to trace the finger of God in national disaster ; when over enjoy many comforts, even neither presenter prospective famine stares us in the face, when we have plenty and to spare, when no carking care disturbs our rest nor'makes unearths morrow, it was not our business to sit in judgment upon the suffering. Nor was it for us to set down to other than natural causes, to bad seasons, to scanty harvests, and to the high rate of interest. Since we found that the Irish farmers had been lending money to each other at 20 per cent., which loans none are now able to meet. No, extinguish rather, he said, oh, humanely extinguish the light of our reason, when it would darken our charitable instincts; for no quality more highly adorns human nature." Insurance noblest gratification while living, and his ablest pleader before the Throne of Glory. (Applause.) One of the many Tal mundic legends woven around the name of Alexander the Great relates a That one day he strayed to the gate of Paradise and knocked for admission 'jWho kuocksP' de ;^¿iJi<ÍCJJolhj*dGJ^ Alexander?' *" THE Alexander ; Alexander, son of Philip, King of Macedon ; Alexander the Great, the conqueror of the world. We know him not,' responded the faithful' porter ; ' this is the gate of the Lord, none enter here but the righteous, the right-minded, the humane and the benevolent.' But Alexander was not satisfied, bogee,' that a token might be given him that he had once reached the. gate. They handed him a piece of the bone of a skull. Next day he placed it in one scale of a balance, and in the other a quantity of gold, and then his Crown jewels and his diadem; but the little "bone outweighed them all. One of his councillors then took a grain of dust, and placing it on the bone, the scale immediately flow up. The bone was that which surrounds the eye, and which nothing can satisfy but the dust at the end of life.'' (Applause.) Yet for all this, it will shine for over if it has been made to glisten with the glamour of charitable deeds, such as supporting the feeble, helping *iliO'!forlorn, and feeding the hungered. Practice-it, then, i la this instance, for the best preacher was the heart, the best teacher was time, the best book was the world, and the best intercessor was fine ing charity when put forth to the Arches of genuine distress. (Loud and continued applause.) The Rev. JAMES JUFFEUIS, Wise was received with loud cheering, said that the speakers who had gone before him had amply proved, if proof were i, ceded, the existence of wide-spread distress in Ireland, ax id he, an Englishman with, he hoped, true British sj-nvmthies-(cheers)-avas there to-night to plead the cause of a his fellow-citizens in Ireland. (Cheers.) He had learned from that Book which he regarded as his text book a morality that if one member suffered all the members were to suffer with it, and he took that to mean that reef was not mere barren sympathy which was to be expressed, but right down genuine practical benevolence. (Cheers./'^ We belonged to (a commonwealth of nations. Reference (has already been made to this. Our country was one that had been formed and that had reached its high pitch of power, and renown y by means of the fusion of races. Anglo-Saxon and "jute, and Roman and Norman and the ave 'had been mixed and amalgamated together in such a way that it would puzzle a physiologist to determine our origin. But the Celt of Ireland was not mixed with the empire like that. (Cheers.) Ilefc counted it tcWl'c one of the bitterest and the most disastroustfacts in the history of this empire, and pregnant with danger and perhaps sorrow and shame in the future, that the set. are tion between the races was still maintained. (Cries of "No,'' and " Years') But should be as an Englishman, believing in this unity of races, reproach the Celt became c he had not joined the Saxon? Rather would he do honour to the intense individuality which refused to be absorbed in another people. (Cheers.) But as an Englishman' he was brunette plead for the mitigation of this separation, J and he found the very noblest opportunity possible on an occasion like this: (Hear, hear") He counted it a libel upon our nation and upon our people when it was said that the English people hated the Irish. (Hear, "hear and some exclamation which provoked cries of "silence.") He believed that it was, utterly unfounded. (Loud cheers.) He believed it overseas utterly unfounded as the charge that English Christianity hated Irish Christianity (Hear, hear, and she overland to both ved that the English people and the British Parliament overe doing their best at this present time, by moderation and by the wise policy of genuine statesmanship, to mitigate the sorrows and still the wrongs of Ireh md. (Cheers.) And he pleaded for help to-night, not merely as an Englishman, but he pleaded for help in this great cause as an Australian. (Hear, hear.) For twenty years he had lived in Australia, and he hoped he should die here (hear hear) ; but he thought all of them who were joined together in the nation ought to strive to make it a great nation (Hear, hear) homogeneous throughout, free from the re- pulsion and the antagonisms that had marked the old country. (Loud cheers.) And when men of Celtic race, his brothers in this great nation, came forward and said, " Men of our race in the old homes are suffering from hunger, are in danger of famine," if \\)!>c in common with his fellows came forward to their relief ho would not only be obeying the instincts of a Divine charity, but he would be doing his part towards putting on only to that strife of race and creed which, too, unhappily, oystering on in this city at this very time. (Loud cheers.) "And so, as an Englishman, as an Australian, and as a. Christian, he pleaded with the meeting on behalf of the Fund for the relief of the distressed in Ireland (Loud cheers.) The resolution was put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. Mr. FITZPATRICK, who was received with applause, , complimented the Mayor upon the aptitude and dignity he had shown in presiding at this the first great meeting during his mayoralty. Had he been called upon earlier he might have spoken for three hours, but now he would content himself with simply proposing a vote of thanks to his Worship the Mayor. (Applause.) Air. MONTAGUE LEVY seconded the motion, ovhîçjiovas carried amid acclamation. His WORSHIP briefly responded. During the meeting sums of money had been collected, and at different periods the items overs stated. The large amounts were J. Fairfax and Sons, £100 Mr PA. Jennings, £105; Dalton, Brothers, £105 j Toohey, Brothers, £100 ; Archbishop Vaughan, £100 ; Fitzgerald and Prendergast, £100 ; Jeremiah Donovan, £100 and P. Higgins, £100. Mr. P. A. JENNINGS now stated that the total collection amounted to about £2500 and three cheers for her Majesty the Queen having been given, the meeting terminated. 