GENEBAL NEWS. The Treasurer stated in. the Assembly this morning that he hoped the Governor would be able to prorogue Parliament at half-past 3 o'clook this afternoon. Messrs* Barrold Brothers' liner Outalpa sailed from Kingston on Wednesday, Octobar 27, with a fall cargo, consisting of 3,330 bales of wool. The ate&mtug; Albatross returned to Port Adelaide from theSerata on Wednesday night, October 27, with.26 tons bar and sheet irou, oeiug the last lot of cargo that is to be brought away. One of the holdB of the vessel is now completely planhed over, and the others are l eing proceeded with as fast as possible. It has ■ een found necessary to let the water in again n a great part of the vessel so as to prevent it humping. It has however, to be frequently ■ banged in cohsequenoe of the offensive smell hat arises from it after it has remained for a ew days. The Albatross leaves the Port again hiseveniDg with the fourth and last load of ■ lay to be used for padding, A meeting of Past Grand officers of the Glanville, Alberton, and Jervois Lodges, I.O.O.F. was held in the Loyal Jervois Lodgeroom on Wednesday evening, October 27. D.D.G. Master H. Franhenburg was voted to the chair, and he explained that the object of the meeting was to devise some means of raising fnnds to aid and assist the widow and family of the late. R.W.G. secretary (Brother D.B. Bradbury), who has been left totally un provided for, it was then carried that a coacert oe given at an early date in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the above. The fol lowing gentlemen were then elected a com mittee:— D.D.G.M, H. Frankenberg, P.G.'s 8. M. Richards, W. Field, R. A. Rose, O.R. John ston, C. L. Steel, and Alexander Saunders. It was then resolved that a sub committee, con sisting of Messrs. Frankenberg, Riohards, and Saunders be appointed to carry oat the neces sary arrangements for tbe concert. P.G. Alex. Saunders was elected hen. secretay, and a vote or thanks to tbe chairman closed a very orderly meeting. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph LinePort Darwin, calm, clear, fine; Sonthpert, calm, dear, fine, warm; Tam Greek,N.W., clear, fine; Pine Greek, calm, clear, fine; Biver Katherine, calm, clear, fine; Powell Creek, S.B, dear, fine; Tennant Greek, SB., clear, fine; Barrow Greek, S.B., dear, fine; Alice Springs, S.E., clear fine; Charlotte Waters, S.B., dear, fine; Feake, N.E., dear, fine; Strangways Springs, S.W., dear fine; Farina, N.B.,clear, fine; Beltana, N.E.,clear, fine. The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was field on Wednesday afternoon, October 27, at the office of the chamber. Way month-street. There was a fair attendance. Owing to the fact that there has been no matter before Parliament of late specially interesting the ohamber the busiaess transacted at the meet ing ? was very small, bnt the quarterly re port received from the committee was read and adopted. A short discussion took place on the advisablenefB of securing a uniform railway gauge throughout the colony, hat no action was taken with reference to the matter. The secretary of the Mount G.unoier Agricultural and ..Horticultural Society has (writes the South-Eastern Star) received a letter from Mr. John English intimating that he is in treaty with Mr. W. J. Masson.for the rent of a piece of ground in Koaaville, oh which to erect a bam and vbacon coring establishment;, and states tbat'Bhoald be be,successful in conclud ing arrangements he will.bein a positihntp commence operations aboiitr the end ' of next " month. x He adds, however,"I am not;wealthy enough to enter into competition with a large publiccompanyin so circumsoribed a place as Mount G&mbier; and in face of snoh-a combina tion, if persisted in, I shall bb compelled to withdraw from the enterprise. Yon will favor me. by.laying this matter before the committee and communicate the result per return, hoping :'that you will not by over zeal for afohebsetfao tbry drive me but of the inbrket." "A ~ The city coroner (Mr. ThcrgfWard; J:P.) held an inquest at the Old Queon's Arms] Wright-street, on Wednesday, October 27, on the body of a child named George Joseph Busbridge, who died on Tuesday evening at the houBe of Bobert Holt MoGee. Mr. Marshall Perrers was foreman of the jury. The enquiry was instituted on account of a report whioh was made to the police by a man named Daniel Gardiner, who stated that the boy had died through neglect. A large number of witnesses were examined, and the evidenoe showed that the child had been greatly neglected by its mother. Dr. Singleton stated that he had abj tended deceased at intervals daring the last three months, and in his opinion the ohild had died from bronchitis. The jury returned , a verdict to the effect that the cause of death was bronchitis, accelerated by the neglect and in-; temperate habits of the mother. The coroner, in compliance with the jury's request, censured the mother for neglecting the deoeased. It will be seen by an advertisement tbat Mr. T. Bastard, of the Git; Baths, intends to open the Turkish Baths at night. - • A meeting of tbe Eight Hours Associa tion, adjourned from last week, will be held this evening at the Metropolitan Hotel, Grote street. A bazaar for tbe liquidation of the debt on Stow Memorial Church is to he opened in the Town Hall this afternoon by His Worship the Mayor. ; A meeting of ratepayers of Goodwood Ward is to be held at the Goodwood Park Hotel this evening, to nominate candidates for the vaoanoy in the IJnley Corporation, oanjed by the death of Councillor Roberts. Professor Pepper's Ghost entertainment at Garner's Theatre was moderately well attended on Wednesday night. The programme was a very interesting one, and was received with satisfaction by all present. The annual reunion of tbe Norwood Football Club, in the form of a concert, was held on Wednesday evening, Ootober-27, in the town hall, Norwood. There was a small though enthusiastic audience, and His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.,' occupied the chair. The prinoipal numbers were as followsDuets, " The Elfin Call,"; " To the Woods," by the Misses Yanghan and Rose Vandepeer; ballad, "Sweethearts," Miss Yaughan; club song, "Oheer the Boiinie Red and Blue," by several footballers, which was. vociferously encored; ballad, "Alas, those Chimes," Miss Vandepeer. Several members of the Adelaide Fidelitas Sooiety gave a quartette aud quintette in excellent style, and Mr. A. J. Diamond contributed a solo on the concertina in his usual efficient manner. A lecturette, en titled" Atrip to theSorata," by Mr. T. Ainslie Caterer, B.A., was also well received. A large and fashionable audience was attracted to the Theatre Boyal on Wednesday evening to witness the repetition of " Satanella." The opera was presented in a very successful manner, and on the whole was an improvement on last Friday's representation. Miss Elsa May was in excellent voice, and sang with a power, taste, and expression that surpassed any ; of her previous efforts. In her acting also she, exhibited more abandon than- we have before seen her display. The-other principals were also in good voice, and gave her substantial support. Frequent plaudits from the audience evidenced their approval of the style in which; most of the choice morceanx with which this opera abounds were rendered, and in the third act Miss May and Mr. Templeton were imperatively recalled for their .finished rendering of the duet at the com mencement of the aot. To-night the " Grown Diamonds" will be presented for the' first time in Adelaide with the following oast: —, Henriques, Mr. Armes Beaumont; Sebastian, Mr.H. Yernon; Magnee, Mr. G.A.Johnston; Kebolledo, Mr. C. H. Templeton; Dampo : Mayor,Mr. A. Howell; Barborigo, Mr. B. Levi-, son; Diana, Miss IS. A. Lambert; Gatarina, Madame Bose Hersec. . The first of a aeries of three lectures on; " Elementary astronomy" was delivered by] Professor Pepper at Garner's Theatre on Wed-' nesday gafternoon, October 27, the audience being composed principally of soholars from, publio and private sohobls. The leotard was given with the sanction of {the Hon. T. King, Minister of Education, and two others will be delivered on Friday and Saturday afternoons.! Upwards of 600 young people of both sexes were assembled when the professor com menced his description of '' The earth and the moon," illustrated by views and diagrams. In order to made the subject clear to his listeners ithe professor dealt : only with elementary facts. He described .the systems of Ptolemy, Tycho Brahe, ' Copernicus, and others, and alluded to the " dis coveries . ef Galileo and Sir Isaac Newton. The changes of day and night and of: the seasons; were shown, and the tidal ohanges causedby the moon. Some beantitul views of; the earth's satellite were ^exhibited, and were additionally interesting,from the fact that they were taken at the Melbourne Observatory by Mr. Ellery with the aid of the greatrtelesoope.: Professor Pepper said he had visited the extinct crater at Tower Hill, near Warrnambool, which was one of the wonders of Australia, ana there > were many snch orators, only of much greater' size, on the surface of the moon. A number of very interesting particulars of the planet in which we live, and of. the moon .as a dry oalx, were received with loud applause by the youth ful auditory. The -professorto stimulate their attention announced that he would give three: prizes for the best descriptions of his lectures, furnished by soholars to their teaohers. He concluded with the very amusing ghost comedy of "The spectre and the barber,"and announced that on Friday he would lecture on " The son and the planets." and on Saturday on " The comets, stars, nebula, and meteors." As our readers will doubtless have no ticed by the reports of the meetings of branches of the South Australian Farmers' Association which have been published in these columns recently, a movement is on foot to raise a fuad to remunerate the general secretary, dir. W. J.! Yenning, who has devoted much time and labor to the development of this institution and far thering : its interests. The following extract; from a oiroular sent to all the branches suffi ciently explains the snbject without the neces sity of further comment on oar part:—"The members of the central committee of the asso ciation find that the work'of the general secre- ; tary Is now more than we can fairly expect to get done without remuneration. The present general secretary, Mr. W. J. Yenning, who is well known to yon, has never failed to; respond to any call made by the associa tion upon his time, and we know that he has on several occasions neglected his own work to attend to the various duties of his po sition, and in no case has he ever neglected the correspondence appertaining to the work of the organisation of the association. His services are in such request for the purposes of visiting and establishing branohes in various parts of the eolony, that we cannot expect that he should expend his time and means in the interests of the association without his labors being sufficiently remunerated. It is proposed to raise by means of subscriptions a fond to enable the general secretary to further prosecute the work so ably begun by the committee. On behalf of this object we solicit yonr cordial co-operation. We would further add that several gentlemen have already intimated their willingness to subsoribe to a fund having for its object the promoting and establishing branches of the association." 