THE estimated population of the colony of New South Wales on the 30th of June was 750,700. FOUR hundred tickets for the one-guinea course were taken for Mr. Proctor's lectures at Sydney. THE offices of the staff of the Melbourne Exhibition were, on August 14, transferred from the Custom-house to Carlton- gardens. Mr. F. L. SMYTH has been appointed a temporary judge of County Courts in Victoria. AN ABORIGINAL named Johnny Campbell was executed in Brisbane gaol, on August 16, for rape. A COOPER named John Jolip Collier, aged 54 years, was found drowned in the Saltwater River, near Melbourne, on August 14. THE epidemic of measles is very widespread in Melbourne and suburbs at the present time, and several deaths have occurred. C. F. BORDETT and Joseph Norrie were committed for trial at Sydney on August 13 charged with administering a noxious drug to a woman named Newby. A NUGGET 4½lb. weight has been found by Mr. Thos. Boan while road-making on the line of the Poverty Beef, Tarnagulla, Victoria. AN attempt was made on August 13 to forcibly enter the branch bank of Adelaide, at Morgan, South Australia, but failed. Three men have been arrested on suspicion. A MOVEMENT is on foot for starting an agricultural bank in Adelaide, and the leading agriculturists are interesting themselves in it, A SUGAR-GROWING company at Rockhampton has been floated, and 4,000 shares subscribed. A permanent board of nine directors has been chosen. THE Geelong and Western District Fish Acclimatising Society have made arrangements to receive 12,000 ova this season from the Derwent and Plenty Rivers, Tasmania. A WOMAN named Mrs. Hunter was found drowned in a tank at Lambton. N.S.W., the other day. She was clothed only in a nightdress. His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR returned to town on August 18, after spending two days at the residence of Mr. Molesworth Greene, at Greystanes, Bacchus Marsh. MB. DOUGHARTY was elected to the vacancy in the representation of the Eastern Province in the Legislative Council of Victoria by a majority of 89 over his opponent, Mr. Sharpe. A YOUTH named Walter Nolan, while out opossum shooting at Concord, New South Wales, the other night, was shot by a companion named Dalton, and died shortly afterwards. A YOUTH named William Werry has been committed to take his trial on the charge of committing a capital offence on a woman aced 62 years at Queenscliff. A MEMBER of the South Australian Parliament named Mr. Hugh Fraser recovered a verdict for £25 against Mr. A. B, Murray, as payment for composing an election song. THE South Australian Government have received a telegram from the Northern Territory stating that Wandy Wandy, the native who murdered Mr. Wingfield, on Croker Island, in December last, has been captured. Miss NORTH, a well-known painter of botanical subjects, arrived at Brisbane recently by the Norman by steamer, and will remain in Queensland two or three months painting native trees. She afterwards proceeds to Sydney overland via Tenterfield. THE Great Northern Railway, South Australia, will be laid to Ediowie, 100 miles beyond Port Augusta, before the end of the month. Tenders for a line from Orroroo to Quorn are to be received on September 6. A COMPLIMENTARY address has been presented to Mr. C. H. Nicolson, assistant-commissioner of police, from a number of prominent residents of the Benalla district, in recognition of his exertions towards the capture of the Kelly band of bushrangers. RELIABLE information has been received that gold in large quantities has been discovered at Thougla Creek, Upper Murray. It is reported that one party of men struck gold which has for the past few weeks yielded £10 per week per man. A small rush is rapidly setting in for the place. A large number dissatisfied! with the Temora rush are also making their way there. MR. A. J. SCOTT, who has been hon. secretary of the Richmond School of Design for four years, was presented the other day with a handsome silver inkstand by the teachers and pupils of the school. MR. JULIAN ASHTON has just completed a life-size three-quarter length portrait of His Excellency the Governor, and has succeeded in producing a striking likeness, while the technical qualities of tue picture are also deserving of commendation. AT a meeting at the Masonic-hall, Sydney, on August 10, presided over by the bishop, a committee was appointed to make arrangements for giving religious instruction in public schools. Messrs. A. Gordon, A. Stuart, and the Rev. Canon Goodman, from Victoria, were the principal speakers. AT the Sydney criminal sittings on August 9 David Joseph Newton, a solicitor, pleaded guilty to forging a decree absolute of the Divorce Court, purporting to be signed by Judge Windeyer, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. The prisoner is undergoing two years for a similar offence. THE Tasmanian Consolidated Marine Board have unanimously decided to erect leading lights of the fourth order at the entrance to the Tamar, in consequence of the increase of trade to Launceston. They also recommend the erection of a lighthouse on Table Cape. A FARMER named Denis Fleming, residing at Woononada, near Horsham, aged 20, was killed on August S by a fall from his horse. He was riding home with a few friends, when his horse began bucking, and threw the rider heavily against a tree, smashing his skull. Death was almost instantaneous. THE annual elections for the various municipalities throughout Victoria were held on August 12. In the suburban municipalities the elections passed oft very quietly. Great interest was taken in many of the contests, in which the polling was much heavier than has been known for many years past. THE skeleton of a man was found the other day in the scrub near Cambramatta station, on the Southern line in New South Wales. A revolver, with five chambers loaded and one discharged, was found beside him. The man had been, apparently, dead for years. WE learn that Mr. Matthew Burnett, the temperance reformer, has been very successful in Adelaide and its suburbs, having persuaded some 13,000 persons to become total abstainers. Mr. Burnett intends labouring in South Australia for a few months, after which he will probably visit some of the other colonies. A STATEMENT has appeared that M. A. L. Soudry is still acting in the French court of the Exhibition. M. Soudry has no longer any connexion with the French Government, but he is the private agent for a number of the French exhibitors, and that position he of course retains at his own pleasure. AT the last meeting of the Royal Society of Victoria, Mr. Lilley read some notes on "Curious Effects of Lightning at Gabo Island Lighthouse," mentioning a singular instance in which the lightning passed down the centre column of the lighthouse, shook the structure to its foundations, and left traces in the form of furrows cleanly cut in the sand at the base. A MINER named Harry Tester was accidentally shot dead on August 9 at the Temora rush, New South Wales, while walking home to his tent carrying a bucket of water. Some men were practising with firearms 70 yards away, and one of the bullets entered the chest of deceased, who expired on the spot. Two men were arrested on the charge of manslaughter. SOME excitement is being caused in Kilmore at present by the appearance of " a ghost" that nightly promenades the railway platform, and has already so seriously frightened several persons as to render them very ill. A few nights ago the apparition was fired at several times, but without producing any effect. It is believed that 6ome of the residents are perpetrating a foolish practical joke, and the police have taken the matter in hand. MR. WALTER GREVILLE, a young man about 25 years of age, well and favourably known to the sporting world at Ballarat as a trainer of racehorses, committed suicide on August 17, near the Lakes, by cutting his throat. The unfortunate deceased received a sunstroke some years ago from which he never perfectly recovered, and his condition of late had been such as to require constant watching. MR. WYATT, P.M., held an inquiry at Benalla on August 13 on the body of a man named Alfred Priestman, who was found dead in a waterhole the previous day near the Farmers' Arms Hotel, Benalla. The deceased was of unsteady habits, and last February, whilst suffering from excessive drinking, wounded his arm by cutting it with a knife. The hand had to be amputated. A verdict of accidental drowning was returned. A MAN named Hodges, a resident of Jallukar, about 18 miles from Ararat, committed suicide on August 12 whilst suffering from delirium tremens. Hodges had been ill for some days with typhoid fever, and he got up from his bed, and rushing to a waterhole some little distance from the house, threw himself into it, and was drowned. The deceased was 30 years of age, and was a married man. RICHARD THOMAS BALL, who was committed for trial recently at Sydney for offering a bribe to the Colonial Secretary to procure him a situation, appeared before Mr. Justice Windeyer the other day, and pleaded guilty. The Attorney-General did not pray for judgment, as he believed the prisoner acted in ignorance, and the accused was discharged on his own recognisances to appear when called upon. THE trial of the five young men—William Johnson, Thomas Tyrrell, John Hulme, John Sheehan, and James Gillies—on a charge of criminally assaulting a woman named Emily Blair, at Sandridge, on the 17th July last, was concluded in the Central Criminal Court, Melbourne, on August 19, before His Honour Mr. Justice Barry. The jury, after half an hour's deliberation, found all the prisoners not guilty, and they were discharged. SUNDAY, August 15, being the Feast of the Assumption, was observed with due solemnity in the Catholic churches of the city of Melbourne and suburbs. At St. Patrick's there was a very large congregation, every part of the spacious church being well filled. High mass, coram, archienixcopa, was celebrated at 11 o'clock, the Very Rev. P. O'Meara being celebrant, the Rev. J. P. Aylward deacon, the Rev. J. Heffernan sub-deacon, and the Rev. N. Donaghy master of ceremonies. A MEETING was held on August 10, at Sydney, for the purpose of considering the desirability of opening the School of Arts on Sunday. Mr. Charles Bright moved a resolution in favour of the opening. An amendment was moved expressing an opinion that as the leaders of the movement were those who wished to destroy the Christian Sabbath it was undesirable to take any steps, considering that the books in the library could be taken home for Sunday reading. The amendment was carried by a majority of 138. THE annual report of the department of Mines in New South Wales for last year has reached us. It shows that the yield of gold was 109,649oz., valued at £407,218, showing a decrease of 9,809oz. as compared with the yield in 1878. The number of gold miners, including Chinese, is estimated at 8,102, but it is doubtful if more than 5,000 were constantly engaged in gold-mining throughout the year. The output of coal last year amounted to 1,583,332 tons, valued at £950,878. About two-thirds of the annual output are exported. A FATAL accident occurred to a young man named George Bentley, 19 years old, a resident of Wangoom, near Warrnambool, on August 12. He went out shooting, and as he did not return a search was made, but without success. On the search being resumed next morning, the lad's body was found lying in an open paddock not far from the house occupied by his parents. The left side of his face was blown completely away by a gunshot wound, and there is no doubt that the occurrence was accidental. THE Victorian Furniture Manufacturers' and Employes' Trade Protection Association have written to Sir Henry Parkes thanking him for the earnest endeavours made by him to obtain the unanimous action of the different colonies for preventing the influx of Chinese immigrants to the colonies. The Premier of New South Wales, in acknowledging the letter, expresses his opinion that legislation on this subject, to be effectual, should proceed upon an agreement between all the colonies, as to the principles of the measures to be enacted ; and he was prepared to give his assistance to bring about so desirable a result. THE Kerang Times reports that on the lOt.h August the children of Mr. Morrison, a selector near Kerang, were playing together in the house, the mother having occasion to go outside. After being absent only a few minutes, she heard a faint cry, and immediately ran back to the house to find one of the children all in flames. Mr. Morrison, who was some distance away at the time, was sent, for, and without delay went to Kerang for medical assistance. Dr. Wakefield was soon on the spot, and did all in his power for the child, but it was of no avail, ?.B death ensued 15 minutes after his arrival. THE disturbance at the Margaret rush, Northern Territory, on the 10th August, between Europeans and Chinese, was caused by a miner digging round the Chinese store. After blows had been exchanged between the miner and a Chinese storekeeper, the Chinese attacked the miner with picks and shovels, when other Europeans interfered, and drove the Chinese back. Five of the ringleaders were arrested, and committed for trial. The Chinese have erected their stores on a lead of gold, and there is some difficulty in getting them cleared away. The warden has been instructed to have it done as soon as possible. AT a late meeting of the council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society it was reported to the council that four kangaroos and 12 wallabies, including three paddy melons, had been killed by two dogs that on a previous Thursday night got into, or were put into, the gardens. The loss is very serious, as the collection was very complete, there being specimens of all known varieties in the Australian colonies. It had taken several years to accumulate, and had been got together with much difficulty and expense. It is expected that it will be a considerable time before it can be made as perfect again. IT transpired on August 10 that Mr. Hyman Gross, the secretary of the Melbourne Hebrew congregation, had absconded, taking with him a large amount which he had embezzled from the church funds. Meetings of the congregation were held to consider the matter, and doubtless he will be prosecuted. Some private individuals have also been victimised, and on their account the law has been set in motion against him. It is said that the absentee obtained his position here by fraudulent representations, and that his previous character will not bear investigation. Gross has since been arrested. AN action was brought in the Melbourne County Court on August 19, by Mr. Samuel Fieldhouse, to recover £2,000 from the proprietors of the Aye newspaper, for an alleged libel published against the plaintiff in that newspaper on the 31st January last. The libel complained of consisted of comments on the character of the plaintiff in reference to his dealings with his bank, and also of a statement that there was reason to believe the bank was not the only victim of misplaced confidence in him. The case lasted the whole of the day, and at its close the jury returned a verdict for the defendants. A TERRIBLE gun accident happened on August 14 on the Swanhill road, 18 miles from Sandhurst, by which a little girl named Catherine Burke was accidentally shot through the head by a younger brother, and killed. The boy, in the absence of his father at Sandhurst, was playing with a revolver, when it accidentally went off. It is singular that in the same district, on the same day, two other accidents from carelessness with Iirearms occurred. A young man named Osborne, while out shooting at Marong, was getting through a fence when bis gun went off and injured his left hand. Another young man was shooting at Sailors' Gully, near Eaglehawk, and had his right foot injured. THE prevalence of measles among the children attending state schools in and around Melbourne has become so general that several of the suburban boards of advice have recommended the Education department to allow the schools in their districts to be closed for a time, and the matter has been referred for the consideration and advice of the Central Board of Health. We are informed that in the Emerald-hill district upwards of 40 per cent, of the children and a great number of the teachers cannot attend the schools owing to the prevailing epidemic. In some instances the schools in this and oiher suburbs have been closed as a matter of necessity. THE house of Mr. Abraham Hyman, at the corner of Hoddle street and Domain-road. South Yarra, was broken into on August 18, between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m., and a large amount of jewellery and plate stolen. Entrance was effected by pushing back the catch of a side window, and the articles were taken out of the upstairs bedrooms. Other valuable property in a wardrobe that was locked luckily escaped the notice of the thieves, who must have got into the house and secured their plunder in a very quiet manner, as there were two servants in another part of the house, who heard no noise, and the robbery was not discovered until Mr. Hyman came home. A MEETING of the Australian Natives' Democratic Association was held on August 13 at the Temperance-hall, Russell- street, Mr. F. A. Mandeville occupying the chair, and about 25 members being present. About 10 new members were enrolled, and the meeting then considered and adopted several new rules providing for the creation of district branches in the various electorates of the colony. Under those rules each branch is to be entitled to send the same number of members to the annual meeting of the association as the electorate it represents sends to Parliament, so that there may be a general gathering of the whole association once every year. THE steamer Victoria arrived at Sydney from Queensland ports on August 17 with 7,900oz. of gold. An officer of the City Bank, on taking delivery of a box of gold supposed to contain 126 ounces, found it light. The lid was closed in the usual way, with the seals intact, including the Queensland Custom-house stamp, but on opening the box nothing was found but tightly packed blue and white foolscap. On communicating with the National Bank, Cooktown, an answer was received that the gold was in the box when it left there. It has become definitely known that the robbery of gold from the s.s. Victoria took place on board the vessel on the voyage from Cooktown, and the detectives are actively looking up the evidence. IT seems (states the Kerang Times) the rabbit nuisance is not such an unmixed evil after nil, but will become a source of wealth to many. So great is the demand for skins in Melbourne that we hear 2s. per dozen is given for them, the fur being utilised in hat-making. Some people make it their business to collect the skins, making periodical visits to different places. A collector from St. Arnaud visits the Bael Bael district every fortnight, and gives Is. 3d. per dozen at the selectors' doors. Our informant was at a friend's house at Bael Bael when the collector called. The selector received £2 10s. for skins he had collected during the past two weeks. We also hear a late tradesman of Kerang is devoting the whole of his time to rabbit-catching for the sake of the skins. At Is. 3d. per dozen, when the rabbits are so numerous, something more than a living can be made. AT the Melbourne City Police Court on August 19, John William Thomson was charged with obtaining the sum of £1,000 from Mr. H. Jennings, solicitor, by means of fraudulent representations. The prisoner obtained a loan of the sum named from Mr. Jennings on the deeds of some land at Footscray on the 19th February, 1878, and as he did not pay either principal or interest the land was put up for sale, but not sold. When the land was advertised for sale, Messrs. Moule and Seddon gave Mr. Jennings notice that the Bank of Victoria held a mortgage over the land in question. A search was made, when it was discovered that the land had been brought under the provisions of the Land Transfer Statute, and had been previously mortgaged by the prisoner to the Bank of Victoria. There was no memorandum of registration endorsed on the original title deeds, and in making a search before lending the money Mr. Jennings's clerk, as is the custom, merely searched the register for mortgages under the old statute. The defence was that the affair was a mistake, and that Mr. Jennings had virtually admitted as much in accepting a second mortgage. The Bench committed the prisoner for trial at the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court. Bail was allowed in one surety of £200, and the prisoner in the same amount. GEORGE DOCKER, a German, was tried at. the Central Criminal Court, Melbourne, on August 17, for shooting at a girl named Margaret Kenny, with intent to murder her. The prisoner had been a lodger at Hartung's Hotel, Lonsdale-street, where the prosecutrix was employed as a servant. On the afternoon of the 29th June last, whilst she was in the yard washing clothes, the prisoner fired a pistol at her. The ball struck the fence a few inches above her head. The defence was that there was no evidence that the pistol had been loaded with any destructive substance. It was also urged that the prisoner was insane at the time of the occurrence. The jury found the prisoner guilty of shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm, and he was remanded for sentence. THE ship Melbourne, from London, which arrived on August 18, has had a somewhat eventful passage. On July 10 she was hoarded by a boat from the island of Tristan d'Acunha, and some trading in vegetables and poultry was done. The islanders reported that all was well on the island, and that the population at present comprised 16 families, or 103 persons. Two days afterwards the Melbourne carried away her main topmast while rolling in a heavy sea, and the second officer and one of the crew sustained severe injuries. Several others were also hurt. On the night of this date, July 12, an ordinary seaman fell from aloft while assisting to furl the upper foretopsail, and was drowned. Notwithstanding the crippling which the ship received, she has made a very good passage. THE ova of salmon trout and brown trout which have been obtained from the artificial spawning-beds at Erciidoune are now beginning to hatch out. The young fry are strong and livelv, and the eyes of the fish are visible in most of the eggs which were first collected. The water-rats are found to be very troublesome, and several gravid fish ready for spawning, with large numbers of ova fully developed, have been killed by these pests. The nuisance has been checked to some extent by poisoned fish laid in their haunts This season the spawning-time is unusually prolonged, and many of the fish appear not to have yet deposited their ova. An application for salmon-trout fry for the Hopkins River has been agreed to, and Mr. Palmer has undertaken the transit of the young fish. THE Insurance and Banking Record states that at a meeting of associated bankers of Melbourne, held on August 9, it was resolved that, in order to maintain unity of action amongst all the leading hanks, the following rates of deposit-interest be adopted:—On deposits fixed for three months, at rate of 2 per cent, per annum; for six months, 3 per cent.; for 12 months, 4 per cent. It was anticipated that a reduction to rates somewhat similar would be adopted in Sydney. The Record also reports that the leading building societies' and cognate financial companies' managers have held a meeting to consider whether the example of the banks should be followed in lowering a second time the rate of interest on deposits. After careful consideration and discussion, it was determined to defer action in this direction for the present. WE have received the Australasian Turf Register for the season 1879-80, which contains a full report of the past season's racing in the Australian colonies and New Zealand, the entries for the principal events for the present season, the registered colours of owners of racehorses, the list of jockeys, and the lengths of the principal courses. The volume also contains the rules of the Victoria, Racing Club, the rules of the Victorian Tattersall's, the scale of weights for age, the winners of the principal colonial races, and sales of blank stock The annually increasing size of this volume shows plainly the love of the Australians for the sport of racing. The Register has been produced in excellent style by Messrs. Stillwell and Co. It is full of most valuable information to all who take an interest in the turf, and to racing men it is indispensably necessary. THE action of Paternoster v. Hackett was concluded in the Supreme Court on August 14. The plaintiff, a shareholder in the Provincial and Suburban Bank, sued Messrs. Hackett, Morgan, Scott, and Born, who had been directors in 1877, to recover the loss he had sustained through having purchased 50 shares in the company. He alleged that he was induced to purchase the shares by statements contained in the report and balance-sheet, which were since discovered to be false. Mr. Justice Stephen told the jury that even if the statements were untrue the defendants would not be answerable unless they knew them to be untrue, and fraudulently published them with the intention to deceive some one. The jury gave a verdict for the defendants. There were nine other cases on the list against the same defendants by other shareholders, but they were withdrawn. WE have to record the death of Mr. A. Sutherland, which took place on August 13, at his residence, Barkly-street, St. Kiida. The deceased gentleman had for many years been prominently identified with the mercantile community of Melbourne. He came to Victoria, in 1852. In September, 1861, he was made a member of the Pilot Board, and in June, 1862, a member of the Steam Navigation Board. Both these positions he held up to the time of his death. He was a justice of the peace for the Central Bailiwick. In March, 1879, he went to England for the benefit of his health, returning to this colony about six months ago. For many years he was a director in the City of Melbourne Gas Company, and latterly of the Metropolitan Gas Company, and in the National Bank. Death was the result of heart disease. The deceased gentleman was 61 years of age. MR. J. H. ALLEY held a magisterial inquiry at Wickliffe, Victoria, on August 18, on the body of a man who was found lying dead in a paddock belonging to Mr. Williamson, about seven miles from the township, under circumstances which seem to indicate that a horrible murder had been committed. The body had apparently been lying some weeks before it was found, and was much decomposed. It was that of a man about 5ft. 7in. high, aged about 30 years, and was lying face downwards, with a wound in the skull, apparently inflicted by a dull, heavy instrument. A large portion of the back part of the skull was fractured, a hole corresponding to the wound being found in the hat. There was nothing to lead to the identification of the man, and a verdict was returned that deceased had met his death by a wound in the head, inflicted by some person or persons unknown. A NUMBER of gentlemen met on August 13 at the Clarence Hotel, Melbourne, for the purpose of inspecting a quantity of specimens of copper ore from the new Keelbottom Coppermining Company, Queensland. The specimens were of a very rich description, especially those taken from the footwall of the lode, which were stated to contain 90 per cent, of copper. Other specimens, containing from 25 per cent, of copper, were also inspected, which had been taken from a shaft 16ft. deep, the lode being at that depth some 18in. thick. The reports of several gentlemen who had visited the mine stated that the lode was exceptionally rich, and by expending between £2,000 and £3,000 the mine could be fairly tested, the only difficulty at present being the influx of water. The mine is situated on the property of Mr. E. A. Head, near Dotswood, and about 45 miles from Townsville. Active steps are now being taken to promote the company. THE half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne Woollen Mill Company was held on August 13 at the Temperance-hall, the Hon. James Munro presiding. The half-yearly report and balancesheet were read. In the former the directors expressed regret that the operations of the half-year had not been more satisfactory, there having been a marked decrease in the quantity of manufactured goods, though the sales had been well maintained. The chairman attributed the unsatisfactory position of the company to serious losses incurred through the late manager and to the dearness of money, the directors having had to pay very heavy interest on the mortgage. A number of shareholders questioned the directors somewhat severely with regard to the past and present management of the mill, but the report and balance-sheet were ultimately adopted, and a cordial vote of thanks tendered to the secretary (Mr. W. J. Lornier) for the manner in which he discharged the duties of manager jjro lem. as well as secretary. MB. ARTHUR HOPE, of Yarra-bank south, Melbourne, has just patented an improved portable stone-breaking machine, which waa publicly tried at his works on August 13 in the presence of a number of practical gentlemen. The trial was eminently satisfactory, the machine working well either as a stonebreaker or as a quartz or ore reducer. By a new application three strokes may be imparted to the moving jaw at one revolution of the flywheels. This gives a cleavage to the metal, and brings it nearer to the cubical-shape stone than most other machines. The new machine is compact, powerful, portable, and very steady when at work. It was driven by a four- horse power engine, and is capable of crushing eight yards of metal an hour, this being equal to about 10 tons. Mr. Hope's previous patent stonebreaker has been extensively used by the city and other corporations, and at a number of mines. The new machine will be on view at the Exhibition, but as several patents have yet to be secured, a more detailed description of its construction is not advisable. THE disputed boundary-line between South Australia and Victoria was again discussed in the South Australian Assembly on the 4th August, on a motion for the production of correspondence bearing on the question. The Treasurer (the Hon. C. Mann) remarked that apart from the value of the land—although the surveyor-general estimated that at £800,000—the interests of justice, good order, and good government demanded that the question should be definitely set at rest. As the Victorian Government refused to re-open the question, the South Australian Government proposed to force the matter into one of the Victorian law courts, either by selling dutiable articles, or by granting leases in the disputed country. This course would be adopted as soon as the boundary was properly determined, but some astronomical observations would first have to be made. A jocular amendment, moved by Mr. Rounsevell, to the effect that a certificate of title to the piece of land in dispute in the eastern boundary of South Australia be at once sent to the Victorian Government, with South Australia's compliments, was negatived, and the correspondence ordered to be laid before Parliament. IT is with much satisfaction that we find ourselves in a position to announce that the Austrian band, of which a good deal has been heard during the past few months, is now actually on its way to Melbourne in the Orient steamer Lusitania, and that it may be expected to arrive in good time for the opening of the International Exhibition. The undertaking, which the Exhibition commissioners did not see their way to enter upon, has been taken in hand as a private speculation by two enterprising Sydney gentlemen, who incur the very large outlay of £10,000 in engaging the band. This musical organisation consists of nearly 60 performers, comprising a very large proportion of the musicians forming the celebrated Strauss Band, the conductor and musical director being Herr Kratzl, who has been for a long time associated with llerr Strauss as his second in command. All the members of the band are highly trained artists who have received their musical education at the Conservatories of Vienna and Prague. They will wear a handsome military uniform, and will altogether form a most important and interesting addition to the pleasures of the Exhibition season in Melbourne. THE largest bell yet produced in Australia has been cast by the Langlands Foundry Company (Limited), Little Flinders-street west. It is intended for the clock to be placed in the tower of the new Town-hall, Emerald-hill. Its weight is 1 ton 9cwt., its diameter 4ft. 4¾in. in the mouth, its thickness 4in. 7-16th on the sound bow, and its strike note F sharp. It was designed by Mr. C. W. M'Lean, engineer, Market-street, and the casting was very successfully accomplished. The material used was the best bell metal, composed of copper specially run at the Adelaide refinery and of Tasmanian tin. The bell has both a hammer and a clapper, but the former is to be used, the latter being provided merely for emergencies. The weight of the hammer is 65lb. The clock is being manufactured by Mr. Gaunt, of Bourke-street, and when completed both it and the bell will be exhibited in operation in the machinery court at the Exhibition. The bell has been examined by Mr. Ellery and Mr. M'Lean, and the tone pronouncd to be perfect. The bell bears the coat-of-arms and the motto of the Emerald-hill Council, and with its mountings and erection will cost about £300. AN action to recover £500 damages for libel was brought in the Victorian Supreme Court on August 16 by J. A. Ralph, a splitter, of Bunyip, against Messrs. P. and C. Nind, the proprietors of the Warragul Guardian. The plaintiff was chairman of a public meeting held at Drouin on the 22nd March, at which a resolution was carried condemnatory of an ex-Commissioner of Railways (Mr. Woods) for making promises about Bunyip and not carrying them out, and an anonymous letter was published in the defendants' paper on the 1st April, asking if the Mr. Ralph who was chairman of the meeting, and a Mr. Brown, who proposed the resolution, were identical with the "Ralph and Brown" who had then recently appeared to answer a criminal charge in connexion with the removal of certain timber from a selection. Another person who took part in the meeting was also referred to by the writer of the letter, who asked if the person was a " Pentonvillian," and the letter was signed "Pentonvillian," alias " Point Pure Boy." The defendants pleaded not guilty, but failed to justify the publication of the letter, and the jury of six returned a verdict for the plaintiff, with £30 damages. His Honour Mr. Justice Higinbotham, who heard the case, awarded plaintiff costs on the higher scale. 