MOUNT PERRY. LF303I jLN' OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.] The night of the 22ad of June, 18S0, will long be remembered by the inhabitants of Mount Perry. A few days previous to the above date announcements were made by placards that au entertainment in aid of the School of Arts was to be given, in which the following amateurs were to take part : — Messrs. Boldcu, Coombes, Patterson, Cook, jlorgau. C.imerou, Mitchell, Fuller, and Durkan. The news o£ the enter tainment spread abroad, and with such rapidity were tickets bought u» that the committee of management found it necessary to borrow all the spare chairs available iu the township, and notwithstanding their indefatigable exertions to provide sittiug accommodation for all, several parties were obliged to stand, so densely crowded was the hall throughout. At 8 p.m. the curtain rose to a favorite overture (the Union Jack of Old England) winch evoke I loud and prolonged applause. Then followed a recitation, which was succeeded by two comic eongs. The laughable farce, Slim Jim, next occupied the boards, and excited the risible facaltics of our juvetiiles to an almost incon. trollable degree. After a short intermission, the audience were favorei with a short address from our worthy P.M., who expatrated at con siderable length on the advantages to be derived from such an institution as the School of Arts, in support of which the entertainment was given. The speaker, in choice and felici tious language, closed bis address by referring to the great natural phenomenon which waa coincident with the nights amusement, and resumed his seat amidst thunders oC applause, The Two Druukcn Lords, a piece specially got np for the occasion, followed by the soldiers chorus from Faust, wound up the theatrical programme, aud a dance, which was kept up to the early hours of the morning, brought the entertainment to a close. It would be invidious to single out one or two individuals for special praise, but certainly the acting of Messrs. Bolden and Coombes deserves some thing more tban a passing notice. Iu the farce of Slim Jim, tbe former completely brought the house down, to use a theatrical, phrase, while the latter, as an eccentric old gardener in the Two Drunken Lords, kept the audience in uproarious and side-splitting laughter. The parts of Ghost and Lady Caroline were aJso well sustained. 