MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. Making Liquids into Vikeqah.-The conversion of alcohol into vinegar is accomplished by a little fungus called wqcoderma acetic. This minute vegetable is seen by examination with the microscope, to consist of little cells, which are found sometimes singly and sometimes in chains, like bead necklaces. They form the scum called " flowers of vine- gar," which is observed on the surface of wine when it is turning into vinegar. The fungus takes oxygen from the air and gives it up to the alcohol contained by the wine, and thus the change is produced. The " flowers of wine are also a fungus, but of a different variety, and called mycoderma vine. Pasteur, the eminent French chemist and naturalist, suggested a plan for making wine vinegar by adding this little vegetable to a mixture of vinegar and wine, and the experiment has proved very t successful. The old plan of making vinegar consisted in placing wine in vinegar vats. This process of acetic fermen- tation of course refers only to the production of vinegar from wine, but this is an extensive branch of industry. Supposed Suicide At the Infirmary, on Saturday afternoon, Mr. W. T. Pinhey, J.P., held a magisterial enquiry into the cause of the death of Edward Donoghue. Deceased was about fifty-four years of age, a native of Cork, Ireland, and had been in the colony about forty years. He was occasionally intemperate in drink, and had been drinking during last week ; but his wife saw nothing in his manner to lead her to think he intended to commit suicide. He left his home at Kingston about half-past six o'clock on Thursday morning, and half-an-hour later was seen by a man named Isaac Smith standing on the bridge near the junction of the Parramatta road and the Pyrmont Bridge road. Deceased was near the centre, looking over, and when Smith got about ten yards of the bridge, he saw him get through the bridge and apparently fall off. Smith and another man went to his assistance, and found that he was in the water of the creek. They pulled him out of the water. He was then insensible, and both his legs were broken. He was immediately removed to the Infirmary, where he was admitted and attended to. He never rallied, however, but died on Friday night, and the medical evidence showed that death had resulted from shock to the system. Mr. Pinhey found accordingly Herald. The Rev. James Jefpehis.-The Congregational Church, Pitt-street, was densely crowded on Sunday evening (reports the S. M. Herald) on the occasion of the farewell sermon of the Rev. James Jefferis, LLB., who has decided to relinquish preaching for a year in consequence of an affection of the lungs. The rev. gentleman chose as the text of his discourse the words, " For God so loved the world that He gave His only be- gotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." He said that he had been considering during the past week what he should say in his fare- well sermon, and had come to the conclusion that he should avoid sentimentality, and seek to deliver with more earnestness, if possible, than ever the wondrous message of love from the Master whom he professed to serve. After four years of happy work, in which he had been as happy, perhaps, as any man in the world could be, he had been compelled to stand aside by the intimations of Divine providence. To most ministers, and certainly to him, a period of silence was gladly welcome. " "Wisdom cometh more by silence than by speech, and he hoped that, after his projected period of silence, he would come back to his congregation more fitted than he was at present to declare the truths of the Gospel. The sermon was an eloquent and earnest one, and was listened to by the congregation with close attention. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis leaves Sydney for Europe by the P. and O. steam- ship Bokhara on Saturday next, and it was announced last evening that the steamer Commodore had been engaged to follow the mail steamer to the Heads. Keeping Sheep on Selections. One advantage of keeping sheep upon farms of the size of ordinary selections is cited by a correspondent of the M'lvor Times (Victoria), who writes :-" Not only by labour-saving machinery and attention must the farmer study to promote his interests, but by raising sheep as well. The farmer with a few hundred sheep has considerably the advantage of those who have only the cultivation to depend on. I know of an instance where a farmer holding 320 acres this year has 60 acres under cultivation, who has also 300 sheep. His wool and the lambs he sold realised £60, leaving his sheep and bulk of lambs with £55 cash as profit; yet his cultivation will not, under present appearance, pay for the cutting and threshing of it. Thus, with sheep and cultivation, and labour-saving machinery, the farmer may do well, even should low prices still rule." TebSíble Outease by the Blacks. We take the following from the Queensland Times of December 9 Mr Edward Wallace has shown us a letter which he received a few days ago containing an account of a terrible tragedy which happened at Jundah, a township on the Wilson River, and, if we remember aright, in the neighbourhood of the Lower Thompson. The blacks attacked the store of Mr. Lonergan during his absence, and killed his wife and servant-girl, cutting them literally to pieces. An infant, however, was left unharmed. The attack was a most daring one, as the police camp was only about a quarter of a mile distant. Mrs. Lonergan was quite a young woman, only about 20 years of age, and had lived at Condamine for many years with Mr. Wallace's family, of whom she was an intimate and particular friend. She was then a Miss Margaret Coleman ; but after marrying Lonergan, who was also a well-known resident of Condamine, she left with him about two years ago for Rockhampton, and thence they made their way to Jundah, where Lonergan opened a store, and where, as we have said, the cruel murders were committed. Advantage or Using Sulfhuh.-At meeting of the Geelong Farmers' Union last Saturday an interesting paper was read by one of the members on the " Culture of Maize as a Fodder for Working Horses." Mr. Craike gave an instance of the beneficial effect of the use of sulphur in dispersing caterpillars from paddocks attacked by those insects, and he might have added that the persistent use of sulphur on vines in the early stage of growth also preserves them from attacks of caterpillars, while it at the same time prevents the development of oidium. Australasian. Death from Disease of the Heads. At the Railway Pier Hotel, Darling Harbour, on Monday, Mr. W. T. Pinhey, J.P., held a magisterial inquiry on the body of a married woman named Margaret Smith, who expired suddenly on the previous day. Thomas Smith deposed that deceased was about 48 years of age, and a native of Ireland ; she has left a family of 10 children on Saturday, up till 11 o'clock at night, she was in her usual good health ; she then had some fried fish and lobster for supper, and ate more heartily than usual j about 3 o'clock next morning she complained of great pains in her chest and stomach, and witness went out and got some gin and gave her some, and she seemed better afterwards; she did not complain again before witness went away, between 7 and 8 o'clock ; when he came back again deceased was alive, but unconscious, and died in about 10 minutes afterwards. Annie Smith, daughter of the previous witness, corroborated his evidence; after her father left, she remained with her mother, who continued to get worse and complained all the time until she died at about 10 o'clock on Sunday. Dr. Day deposed to having made a post mortem examination of the body. He was of opinion that death had resulted from aneurism of the aorta. Mr. Pinhey found accordingly Herald. A Kepeehensible Fbeak.-A,.good deal of excitement has lately been caused in Hobart Town by a mysterious and ghostly form that kept appearing from time to time in lonely places, frightening women out of their senses. On one occasion it attempted to throw a handkerchief over the face of a young girl, who was walking out alone in the even- rings A Hobart telegram in the Launceston Examiner says : " The ghost mystery has been the excitement of to-day (3rd Decem- ber). It appears that between one and two o'clock this morning three constables, who were in Salamanca place, near the old St. David's Cemetery, noticed a man standing in <-!," ."¡¿MU at the -rear and a white sugar one IIUUUIU UJ. WO XUUU, UUU U Wells figure similar to that which others have seen, and which has been called the ghost,' on the footpath. The man, who turned out to be Thomas Nevin, the Town Hall keeper, was arrested, and two of the constables chased the ghost, who was fleet-footed, but would have been captured only one of the constables fell. This afternoon the police committee held an inquiry into the matter Their proceedings lasted five hours, and a number of witnesses were examined with a view of elucidating the mystery. The result of their deliberations was that Nevin was held to be to blame, but the facts adduced were not sufficiently strong to warrant his being prosecuted. It has not been ascertained I who the individual is who has been acting the part of the ghost, but there is reason to j hope that he will soon be detected. The Great Jewel Robbery in Tasmania. -On the night of the 22nd May, 1879, (says j the Argus'), an extensive robbery of jewellery took place from the premises of Mr. George Golding, jeweller, of Brisbane- street, Launceston, Tasmania. It seems from the information received by the Victorian detectives that the premises were broken into during the night, and on the following morning it was discovered that a large quantity of goods, consisting of gold and silver watches, diamond ] rings, 'pins, brooches, lockets, and two boxes of gold, valued in all at £1500, had been stolen. The thieves would appear to have carried out their plans so successfully as to enable them to leave the colony with the stolen property. Since the robbery no word has been received here of any arrest having been made in connection with the case, or of any of the property having been recovered. However, some light was thrown on the crime at Fitzroy yesterday afternoon, when a man giving the name of John Normylo was was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery. During the day the prisoner went to the shop of Mr. Woods, pawnbroker, of Brunswick street, and wanted to pawn a gold watch. Mr. Woods, from some reason, became suspicious that all was not right, and after examining the article referred to his printed list of stolen property, and found that the watch answered the description and number of one stolen from Mr. Golding. Woods refused the pledge, and communicated with the police, when a search was made for Normoyle, who was subsequently arrested. On being searched at the watch-house, three gold watches and one silver watch were found in his possession, also a number of gold rings and lockets. The prisoner, who said that he had only recently arrived in the colony, would give no account of how he came in possession of the property, and from the appearance of some of the articles they would seem to have been buried for some time past. The Albury Railway Celebration. There was some reason to fear (observes the Banner of December 11 that the very un- equivocal statement of Sir Henry Parkes, to the effect that no pecuniary aid need be looked for from Government, would have had the effect of throwing cold water on the railway demonstration movement. It had been a pretty confidently anticipated that the lion's share of the expense would have been under- taken by the Ministry, and we may confess our inability to see the grave impropriety which, according to the Premier, woujkLhave been involved in the realization of this hope. We question very much whether an expenditure of the kind is even unprecedented. If we mistake not a very much greater outlay than is likely to be involved in the whole celebration was incurred not very long ago over the laying of the foundation-stone of a certain lighthouse, in which Sir Henry Parkes took a very prominent part. But, whether with precedent or without it, the occasion is one of such great significance in the history of Australia as clearly to warrant a little appropriate festivity at the cost of the colony most immediately concerned. As, however, the head of the Government has set his face against any direct expenditure, we must be content to make the best of affairs by carrying out the undertaking as well as we can ourselves. Gold at Wood's Flat The Carcoar Chronicle states that Thomas Taylor lodged in the City Bank 30 oz. of splendid coarse gold. The precious metal came from Wood's Flat, and was taken from 30 loads of dirt. Taylor who discovered the first gold at Parkes, is of opinion that the country surrounding Wood's Flat only wants prospecting, in order to ensure a successful and payable gold- field. The same journal also says : " We have heard on reliable authority that another gold-bear- ing reef has been discovered at Milburn Creek, situated on the falls to Spencer's Flat. Determined Eobbeby in the Streets on BRISBANE An exceptionally violent case of assault and robbery occurred on Wednesday night (says the Courier), the victim being Mr. John Governor, a shopman in the employ of Messrs. Gaujard and Elson. It appears that Mr. Governor locked up the shop at about 10 o'clock, as usual, and proceeded up Queen street with Mr. Elson. On reaching George street they parted company, and Governor, who resides in Turbot-street, went along George-street towards home. As he was crossing the green at the corner of George and Turbot streets he received a violent blow on the head from behind, which knocked him down and stunned him. As far as he can judge he regained consciousness about two hours afterwards, and then found himself lying in a pool of water, and bleeding from the head, where he had received a nasty scalp wound. He then discovered that his pockets had been rifled, some 4s in silver having been taken from him, and that his overcoat and hat were also gone. It is surmised that the culprit had observed Governor shutting up the shop, and had perpetrated the outrage as a means of getting the key of the shop, which luckily had been transferred to other care after the shop was shut. A Thrilling Snake Steer. The following case of snake-bite is recorded by the Benalla Standard:-" On Saturday morning, December 4, a young woman Miss Yeomans staying at Mr. Roger's Boweya, was bitten by a snake. Mr. and Miss Rogers had just started for Benalla, to see the cricket match when the young woman named had her attention directed to the stable, where the dog and poultry were making a somewhat unusual noise. On proceeding thither she discovered the cause of the disturbance, in the shape of a snake one of the black species above five feet in length. The dog (a fact animal, having been brought from home with the family) was barking furiously at the reptile, and endeavouring to seize it but Miss Yeomans, fearing the result, courageously attempted to draw the canine pet away, and in doing so, was herself set upon by the snake, who instantly coiled around her arm and waist, and bit her on the left arm. Even then the young person did not lose her presence of mind ; she clutched the snake, disengaged it from her person, and threw it some distance away from her. She tied a ligature above the infected part, and then, there being nobody else at home but herself, walked to a neighbour's, about half a mile distant, for assistance. At this place there were three or four men, each of whom was unable or unwilling to cut the punctured flesh out; so the poor woman had to do it in her own way. She succeeded in backing ' her arm about to some extent, and then applied ammonia to the part. She sails swallowed some brandy, which by good luck was at hand. Mr. Rogers was overtaken, and returned to his friend's assistance ; horses were provided, and the two hastened into Benalla for medical assistance. They arrived in town, after riding about 17 miles, which distance was travelled in about an hour and a-half. The sufferer dismounted at the door of Mr. M'Burney's shop in a half fainting condition, but was soon revived. Dr. Nicholson was immediately sent for, and the young woman was properly attended to so that she was enabled to proceed homeward in a healthy condition on Sunday." Oranges Shipped to England.- The South Australian Register gives the following particulars respecting the result of a consign- ment of oranges recently shipped to England : " The oranges were gathered with a part of the stem attached, just as they had turned colour, but were not ripe enough to eat, and packed on the 12th August last at the Eagle's Nest Orangery, on the Mount Barker Road. They were packed pretty tightly, but not sufficient to bruise, in the ordinary wooden market orange cases, with a lining of newspaper on the inside, i Opinions differed as to the advisableness of this lining, but several persons even laughed at the idea of sending such delicate fruit packed in such a simple manner. However, the shipment has answered admirably, having arrived in England per Orient ss. Garonne on September 21 (Adelaide date August 14 and the following is the result of five cases, or about one-half the shipment No. 1, 130 good, 13 bad ; No. 2, 103 good, 14 bad ; No. 3, 98 good; 22 had No. 4, 124 good, 4 bad and No. 5, 125 good, 10 bad. So that out of 643 oranges shipped in the five cases 580 were, on arrival in England, in excellent condition, and GO damaged in some way or other. The report is-' They, (the 580) are all delicious, and have a splendid taste.' Three of the remaining cases were forwarded to her Majesty at Balmoral, from whose private secretary a letter of thanks has been received by the consignor, a gentleman in this colony. The report on the other two cases has not yet been received ; but a well-known private gentleman and a grower of oranges in England pronounced them ' most delicious' and such was the general opinion of those who participated in the experiment. The expenses of shipment were 10 cases of fruit at 8s each, £4; wharfage, lighterage, &c; at Port Adelaide, 12s 4d ; freight to London, £1 6s 3d. agents' charges in London for! wharf oge, Ac, 19s 10d ; total, £6 18s 3d ; so that, supposing 1280 oranges formed the shipment they were delivered in London at a cost of 12d each. It must be recollected that at the time of their arrival in England such fruit was practically unobtainable in the English markets. 