CORRESPONDENCE. Poi.mcAT. True— Log-rolling In political assemblies is a term introduced by the backwoodsmen of America. When the pcoplo clear the aboriginal forests thoy unite their labor in removing each others! heavy logs, and henca the application of tho term to the united efforts of sorcral nirabera of Parliament to accomplish a political job. A Loyal Liberaii, Mirboo.— Wo havo Inserted stvc ral letters this wcck on tnc ciccuous, aitnougu some* what doubtful of their utility, but wo havobeenobligcd t-- witlihold yours an'! some others for want of room. ' Tub Ghost Of R. Homes.— We have done our best to find room for your letter on tho Maldou election, but this week there is no room for it, and next week ' it will bo useless. ? '. W. S.,.Narraport.— We regret to say that we have no room this week. . TUMI'S.— The lines entitled 'Charge of tlio Right Brigade' not tniito up to tho mark. J. G.,Elrahur3t.— By Section 72 of tho Electoral Act,, overy returning oniccr shall, before ho shall enter upon any of tho duties assigned to him. make and sigu, before some justice, a declaration, of which tho form is prescribed. By section 94 the samo thing i3 required to be done by every substitute of a return ing otflccr, and every doputy-retuming officer and poll clerk. To suppose that because any person appontod happens to be n J.P. bo con make the declaratiuu be foro himself issiinply ridiculous. A Co.istast Rkadbii, Benazea.— It is tho property that is rated and not yourself. It follows, there fore, that if you are now the occupier of a property that was rated in tho name of some onu else, you are liable for the payment of whatever rotes aro duo upon that property, although your namo may not be oil the ratepayers' roll. If the money bad been wrongly paid, tho fact that it h:ul been passed on t- a third person would not bar your right to recover it back. SunscisliiKit, Worc'ek, 13 anxious to know tho namo of the doctor who attended tho 75th regiment at the siego of Delhi. Can any of our readers inform him V ?'. J. It., Chiltcrn.— Your namo should be on the gene ral roll; but it is too lato to rectify tho omission now. . ' Apply, at once to tho electoral rejristrar to pluco it on the next forthcoming list, and when that is published look through it until you find your name. See also , that it appears on thu noxt electoral roll, which will ' ho issued after the list has boon corrected and signed 'by the revision court. . ' ; Nkmo, Sloira.— It is not usual for an electoral rejis 1 trar or deputy electoral' registrar to fill tho ofiiee of deptity reluming officer at an election. We are not aware,, however, that them is anything to prevent thu : appointment*. ,-.- ; ; OVKssi— No. 1. Tour present elector's right will stand good till 18BL 2. If his name, is still on the electoral roll your friend may claim the right to voto, but under tho circumstances it would be very dlahouor able for' him to do so. 3. By clause 109 of thu Electoral Act, tho rcturniujr otliccr is required- to writo upon the back of tho btdlot paper, near the lower edgo thereof, tho number corresponding to tlio number opposite to the voter's namo on the electoral roll. To preserve secrecy, however, when tho ballot ? box is opened clauso lit) prescribes that the returning officer, or deputy, shall both abstain humeli from looking at tbo writing on the hack aud take care that it is not seen by any other person. Old SunscninEn.— It will ho necessary to affix a ro colptstamp to a document that acknowledges the re ceipt of a sum of money that has bacu forvarded bv post office order. . ? A South Australian writes thus :— ' I bog to in form parties travelling in Victoria not to placo too much confidence in tho Telegraph department, as tho telejrrams sent do not always reach their destination. For instance, I Bent one from Inglcwxiod station on the 12th lust, to a friend at Richmond, asking him to meat mo that oveniug at tho Melbourne station ; but the samo tiov&r; camo to hand at all, and on making in quiries I find it ivaa ' Accidentally forgotten.' llusl DPS3 on tho South Australian Bide is far hotter con ducted thin this, and I consider that this matter £U40li£ La 1m *Ji£i*aiu/blir uwestipatcd.' 