[?] A telegbam from the Acting Agent-General, and dated 29th April, advises the Colonial Secretary that the Samuel Plimsoll sailed on that day, with 311 emigrants, for Sydney. By proclamation in the Government Gazette the dis trict of Coonamble has been constituted a municipality. The area comprised within the prescribed boundaries is ? about 23| square miles. A boy, eight years of age, son of Mr. Cannon, of Gum Flat, in the Inverell districtj,was lost on the 26th At»tH ? nnci- tJirmrii relavs of 60 men each have since been engaged searching for the missing child, their efforts, up to the 30th ultimo, had been unavailing. The Age states that the conditions laid down by the Exhibition Commission when calling for tenders for the supply of 500 dozen chairs require that they shall be made in Victoria, and that neither Chinese here nor foreigners elsewhere shall be concerned in their manu facture. At a meeting of the Executive Council, held on Tuesday morning, the case of Albert, an aboriginal, sentenced to death at the late Dubbo Assizes, by his Honor Sir William Manning, for the murder of another aboriginal named Noble Jack, was taken into consideration. It was resolved that the capital sentence should be carried into effect. The following are the details of the votes for auditor of the Australian Mutual Provident Society : Paige, 3387 personal, 4619 proxy ; total, 8006. Robey, 1420 personal, 4523 proxy; total, 5943. Cameron, 508 personal, 1860 proxy; total, 2368. There were 24 personal and 388 proxy votes rejected as in formal. The Wagga Advertiser of May 1 says: — 'Nearly all the sawmills about Echuca have discharged all hands, there being no orders for timber ; and news is to hand that one of the Lower Murray mills has also paid off nearly 100 men, in which case it is anticipated that before the end of the present week there will be upwards of 300 men out of work in Echuca.' The Pastoral Times of May 1 reports that on Thurs day, April 29, at Yathong station, near Jerilderie, an outrage of a serious character was perpetrated. A station-hand named Andrew Miles was shot in the neck with a revolver bullet by a man named William Smith, who then robbed Miles of his watch and made off. A supplement to the New South Wales Government Gazette, published on Saturday, announces that his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Execu tive Council, has been pleased to appoint the Honorable Sir John Robertson, K.C.M.G., to be Minister of Public Instruction; Mr. William Edmond Plunkett to be Under-Secretary of Justice ; and Mr. William Wilkins to be Undersecretary of Public Instruction. The annual Licensing Sittings, at the City Police Courts, were closed on Wednesday. The following houses, in addition to those stated in our last issue, were refused licenses : — Columbia Hotel, Castlereagh strcet ; Theatre Royal Cafe ; Star Hotel, Crown street ; Smiling Morn Hotel, King-street ; Mill Hotel, King and Kent streets ; Prince Imperial Hotel* King-street. It may not be generally known that the business of the new Government Department of Public Instruction iB at present carried on in the- building formerly occupied by the Council of Education. Sir John. Robertson, as the head of the department, attends there every day, and is very busily engaged in organ ising the new state of things. The regulations required by the Act are in a forward state of preparation, and will be brought into operation without any delay. The Fiji Times has received a sample of a product called Kapok, for which it appears there is a remunera tive market open in the colonies. The substance is of the texture of silk, but very short and weak in the staple. It is the product of a weed which grows abundantly in many parts of Fiji, and the fact that the substance has a recognized commercial value may serve to make the obnoxious presence of the parent stem the more readily tolerated. We learn from the Fiji Argus, of April 16, that the cutter Rose, which had been away cruising amongst the Line Islands for three months, has returned to Levuka. She reports that the copra trade at the islands is being greatly overdone, chiefly by American vessels ; and that the prices asked for copra by the natives of the different groups of islands round the Line is within £2 a ton of the prices realized in Fiji, after all the trouble and ex pense of procuring it and fetching it to Levuka. Samoa (says the Fiji Times') is determined not to be behindhand with respect to the increase of her market able commodities. There is on view at the office of Mr. William Hennings a first-class sample of coffee from Messrs. Godeffroy's plantation in that part of the world, which, if it be forthcoming in any quantity, will secure for that group an enviable position as a coffee producing country. The beans are large, heavy, and of an excellent colour. We understand that regulations have been frame I under the 37th section of the Public Instruction Act of 1880, with a view of their being laid before Par liament, as the Act requires. These regulations, how ever, will be superseded as soon as others more exactly adapted to the provisions of the Act can be framed. It was considered necessary, both for the officers and teachers, that there should be some regulations brought into force with the least possible delay, and those now framed are intended to meet that emergency. In the Supreme Court, on Wednesday, in the caes Mooney v. Tayler, for damages for an illegal seizure of goods under a bill of sale, a verdict was given for defen dant by a majority. In Alee v. Starkey, for damages for trespass to a block of land on the banks of the Hawkesbury, to which the defendant claimed title, a verdict was given for the plaintiff with damages £100. In the Equity Court, his Honor the Primary Judge, without calling on the defendant's counsel, in Palmer v. Forlonge, dismissed the bill with costs. The Town Clerk has issued a notice calling the attention of ratepayers desirous of being placed upon the citizens' roll to the clause of the Sydney Corpora tion Act of 1879, which requires them to have their names registered at the Town Clerk's office before the 30th day of June next. The name registered will be that which appears upon the receipt given by the City Treasurer for rates paid. Citizens are advised to have their qualification duly enrolled immediately upon the payment of rates. With the view of improving to some extent the psalmody of the Presbyterian Church, the Committee on Psalmody in connection with the General Assembly, having secured the services of a professional teacher of 6inging, announce a series of elementary classes to be held at stated intervals in the various Presbyterian Churches of the city and suburbs. By this means, if employed during a few months of the year, the psalmody of the Church will doubtless be considerably improved, and it is to be hoped therefore that the classes will be well attended. A distressing suicide occurred at Quirindi, on the 29th ultimo. A married woman named Smart took poison in the presence of her daughter, and shortly after, putting her arms round the girl's neck, exclaimed, ' I am dying. I've taken poison.' According to the evidence of the husband of deceased, they had not been on amicable terms for a few days previously. At the inquest the coroner informed the jury that verdicts of felo-de-se had been abolished, and the latter simply returned an open verdict, that the deceased had poisoned herself. There was a somewhat limited attendance at the complimentary tea and public meeting, held on Monday evening, in honour of the Rev. Dr. Roseby, G.W.C.T., P.G.W.P., of New Zealand, who is at present on a visit to Sydney ; but, notwithstanding this drawback, a pleasant evening was spent by those who were there. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. L. E. Harcus, Rev. J. C. Kirby, A. Allen, and J. Roseby; and an address from the various Temperance Societies was presented by Mr. P. R. Holdsworth. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Davies, M.L.A. Respecting the extension of the railway to Wel lington, the Dubbo Dispatch says: — 'Mr. John Whitton, Engineer-in-chief of Railways, and Mr. Wade, engineer in charge of lines in course of con struction, visited Dubbo last week. It is understood that the principal reason for their coming westward was to arrange for the opening oil the line to Welling ton. No positive date has been fixed, but we are in formed on the best authority that the line cannot possibly be opened till the end of May or beginning of June. The late rains have done considerable damage, which has to be made good before the line can be handed over.' At a meeting of the committee of the Irish DietresB Relief Fund, held on Tuesday in the Town Hall, it was unanimously resolved that the committee, in order to mark their appreciation of the zeal, energy, and great services rendered by the treasurers and secretaries, should invite his Worship the Mayor (Mr. R. Fowler), Mr. P. A. Jennings, C.M.G., Mr. John T. Toohey, and Mr. Daniel O'Connor, M.L.A., to a picnic down the harbour on Wednesday, 12th instant. Messrs. John Hourigan and J. P. Garvan were appointed secretaries to carry out the arrangements, from whom tickets may be had, as also from Mr. Mackay, at the office of the Relief Fund, Town Hall. The circumstances connected with the murder for which the aboriginal now under sentence is to be executed are of a somewhat remarkable character. The prisoner and another male aboriginal were fellow servants of an aboriginal woman on a station. They paid her some attention. Ultimately she went away with one of her lovers. The prisoner, in a fit of jealousy, loaded a gun with a bullet, proceeded to a hut where they were lying asleep, and fired at the woman's back. The bullet struck her ribs, passed round them, and entered the abdomen of the man. The woman survived, but the man. died. The prisoner was tried before Sir William Manning, found guilty, and sen tenced to death, and the Executive have determined that the law shall take its course. The sale of an immense pastoral property is recorded is the Central Australian, Bourke. It is situated in Northern Riverina. That paper says : — ' Sir Samuel Wilson is no longer owner of the Toorale and Dunlop stations. Messrs. M'Caughey, Brothers, and D. Wilson have purchased Toorale, with 120,000 sheep, and the North Darling Back Blocks, the former com prising 1,400,000 acres and the latter 500,000 acres, for a lump sum of £143,000. Messrs. M'Caughey, Brothers, and Wilson are also the purchasers of Dunlop. 800,000 acres, with the sheep thereon, for £145,000. A sale aggregating nearly 3,000,000 acres, over a quarter of a million of eheep, and purchase-money totting up to near £300,000, is not to be chronicled everyday.' A Fijian paper relates the following: — The right hand has not lost its cunning to old Cakobau yet. A few dayB ago he walked into a well-known hostelry on Levuka beach to get a drink, and, while standing at the bar, a white man, said to be rather the worse for liquor, came up and began bothering the old man in the way that semi-drunken men do, and would not let him alone. Old Cakobau, without more ado, caught the white man a swinging backhander on the mouth, which knocked him over ; and then the old king stood quite still, and didn't speak a word till the prostrate votary of Bacchus had got up and walked away, which he did without a murmur, even of delight, at the honour of having been smitten by the ex-king of the Cannibal Islands. The Guildford correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail relates the following singular instance of som nambulism which occurred recently at Tarilta: — Mre. Edwards, who has two sons, aged 15 and 9, allowed thorn to go on a fishing excursion up the river Loddon, with the intent to stop all night. The younger, who had previously walked in Ids sleep, was cautioned, and the elder enjoined, if they slept, to carefully watch his brother. The night — or, rather, the early morning — became pitch dark, and the boys, who in tended to keep awake, decided to lie down; and in a few minutes the clever lads im provised a mia-mia, and slept. During the pitch dark morning the younger one got up, and with his eyes closed started for home in a bee or direct line, and when reaching it took off his boots, opened the window abutting on his bedroom, crawled in, and slept. In the morning the mother was astonished to find her child in bed. Inquiries and examination proved that the little one had not the slightest idea how he got home. The boys were four miles from their residence, and the ascertained track of the somnambulist boy showed that he had come in a direct line, but in a direction never previously traversed by him, and over country that a man would in daylight hesitate to cross. The committee appointed at the recent anti- Chinese meeting met on Monday, at the Hyde Park Hotel, Bathuret-street, Mr. Stephen Gee in the chair. It was resolved to form an association, and that it shall be called 'The Anti-Chinese Association of New South Wales ;' Mr. Stephen Gee was elected to fill the office of president, Mr. James Dooley to be vice-president, Mr. William Roylance to be secretary pro tern., and Mr. William B. Cole to be treasurer of the associa tion. On the motion of Mr. Roylance, seconded by Mr. M'Neill, the officers elected were also appointed to be an Executive Committee, for the purpose of pre paring a constitution for the association. The Execu tive Committee were authorised to attend as a depu tation to the meeting convened to be held at the Guild Hall, in reference to the Chinese question. The official declaration of the poll in connection with the election of an auditor for the Australian Mutual Provident Society took place on Tuesday, in the boardroom of the institution. Mr. J. H. Goodlet, who was in the chair, read the report from the scrutineers, which showed that the result of the ballot was as follows : — For Mr. J. F, Paige : Personal votes, 3387 ; 747 proxies, with votes 4619 : total, 8006. For Mr. W. G. Robey: Personal votes, 1420 ; 891 proxies, with votes 4523 : total, 5943\. For Mr. John Cameron : Personal votes, 508; 513 proxies, with votes I860.: total, 2368. There were 24 informal personal voting papers and 388 informal proxy papers. The scrutineers were Messrs. P. B. Whitfield, Robert W. Gilfillan, and S. Kendall. The chairman thereupon declared Mr. Paige to be duly elected an auditor of the society, and added that that concluded the business of the annual meeting. The monthly meeting of the Board of Directors of, the Randwick Destitute Children's Asylum was held on Wednesday in the Board-room 'of the institu tion. The Rev. Canon Stephen, president, occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of directors. The principal business was in reference to the case of a girl named Mary Reid, who was transferred by the House Committee from the Roman Catholic side of the House to the Protestant without consulting the Roman Catholic chaplain. Though the action of the committee was approved, it was considered that inti mation should have been given to the Rev. Father Hanrahan, the chaplain. The report of the subcom mittee, on the use of porter, left the matter where it was at the last Board meeting, though a strong expression of opinion was made against the children being allowed porter, or any such beverage. It was announced that the consumption had been reduced from eleven dozen to five dozen weekly. With reference to previous notices of administrative arrangements, his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to direct that, pending further changes in the arrangements for the conduct of the business of Government, the undermentioned public departments, institutions, and offices have been placed under the Ministerial control and direction of the Minister of Public Instruction, viz. : — The Administration of the Act 43 Vic No. 23 ; the University and Affiliated Colleges ; the Grammas schools and other scholastic institutions aided from tha consolidated revenue ; the Free Public Library and free libraries under the Act 31 Vic. No. 12; the Observatory and Museum ; the literary and scientific institutions aided from the consolidated revenue ; public scholar ships ; industrial schools and charitable schools aided from the consolidated revenue ; orphan schools aided from the consolidated revenue ; all lands dedicated foe the purposes of public instruction by Act of Parliament or otherwise. An accident occurred at the Redfern Railway Terminus on Saturday afternoon, about 1.30, through, which a young man, whose name is at present un known, met with fatal injuries. He was wandering about the railway-yard, and a shunting engine, which happened to be passing, knocked him down and ran over him, inflicting injuries of so serious a cha racter that he almost immediately afterwards expired. He is described as about 20 years of age, 5 feet 8 or 9 inches in height, with dark brown hair, and clean-shaved; he was wearing a dark tweed frock coat, grey tweed trousers and vest, white shirt, broad round-crowned black felt hat, white cotton socks, and elastic-side boots. In his pockets were found a pawn-ticket in the name of Mr. O'Brien, Bathurst-street, and a railway return ticket from Sydney to Windsor, together with 13s. 8|d. in money. Constable Donnelly conveyed the body to the dead house, Circular Quay, where it now lies awaiting identification and an inquest. Thebe has been much speculation (says the Herald's Melbourne correspondent), as to who was to be the Agent-General, but it is now at an end, by a semi-official declaration that, for the present, the duties' will be performed by Sir Andrew Clarke. That it haa been offered to several of our leading politicians here is generally understood; but the truth is, it is not, for many reasons, a desirable office. To some men, of course, it would be a rare godsend, but the advantage to the colony would not be in proportion to the benefit to them. If it were a permanent office, to bs held during good behaviour, it would be worth the while of a good man taking it, but as it necessarily involves the break-up of his home here, and as the tenure is only for twe or three years, the holder finda himself at the end of that term under the obligation of making a fresh start, A wealthy man, as a matter of course, does not want it, and a man who is capable and yet not wealthy does not care to waste two or three years in the performance of official duties, which involve many sacrifices, and yet lead to no advantage beyond the sometimes questionable) honourtat knighthood. The Tass Courier states that on last Friday a com munication from William T. Coulthard, who is now confined in Yass gaol, was received by Mr. Leopold Yates, P.M., in which Coulthard withdraws his con fession of having, in January Ia6t year, murdered his wife in England, and states his reasons for having made the same. After the receipt of the document the police magistrate had Coulthard brought before him in his private room, when he stated that he had no desire ' to leave the gaol before a communication in reply to inquiries supposed to have been forwarded to England ?was received, and asserted that he would have made the statement contained in his letter earlier only that a reply from England was daily expected ; and it was his wish to remain in gaol until the authorities were satisfied that this, his last statement, was truthful, Coulthard says: — 'The statement I made to your Worship in January last respecting the poisoning of and after-disposal of my wife is entirely without foun dation, she being, to the best of my belief, in good health, and residing with her father, J. Coulthard, in 12, Brunswick- square, St. Paul's, Bristol, England, upon my departure for Australia on the 13th May, 1879, last.' On 30th ultimo a deputation from the Agricul tural Society waited upon the Colonial Treasurer, to request the Government to agree to lease to a pro spective company land upon Glebe Island, near deep water, for the purpose of erecting a building for freezing and storing meat, preparatory to its being shipped for export It was stated that a Melbourne company would co-operate with Sydney in this matter by subscribing £50,000, and that they were agreeable that Sydney should be the centre of the meat export trade. It was also explained that there were strong evidences of the Orient Steam ship Company co-operating with Sydney and Mel bourne in the matter; and it was held that everything possible should be accomplished here to meet them, and to initiate this new industry, which it was con sidered would develop of importance equal to that of the wool trade of the colonies. Mr. Watson, in reply, said that the movement had his most cordial sympathy. The application for the lease, however, he could not grant at once, but he would lay it before his colleagues, and forward their decision — which he hoped be a favourable one — to the committee before they next met. Speaking of pastoral reserves the Deniliquin Chronicle of the 29th ultimo says : — As Gazettes come to hand the necessity of watching the way in which these are likely to bo disposed of becomes more evident. Last week we had occasion to draw attention to several revocations, to take effect after 30 days from their respective dates. Subsequent Gazettes proceed with this work, which ultimately will, if the public do not bestir themselves, eventuate in every acre being sold without the slightest increase to our district population. Under date of the 19th April the Minister for Lands, among other notices filling some three pages, notifies that portions of Reserve No. 211, parish of Dahwilly, connty Townscnd, comprising about 2380 acres, and 120 acres in Reserve 1032, same parish and county, are revoked. Again we draw attention to the matter, the gravity of which, for all true town and country interests, cannot be overestimated. It will be idle to complain of the absorption of country lands into large estates when that has been . effected ; and efforts should at once be made to discover the policy which is in tended to be pursued by the Government in relation to them ; and if that should be shown to be inimical to the prosperity and progress of the general community, every possible means should be taken to prevent such'a suicidal course. A coBHEsroNDENT of the Geelong Advertiser is respon sible for the following 'ghost' story : — 'As I know you feel interested in such circumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very remarkable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon Innes. The archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and though perfectly sensible to the last was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay-reader by a young man recently arrived from home named Lisserman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon . Just before his death the archdeacon, who, as I have told you, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was compos mentis to the last, wrote that, going into his study one evening, after Lisserman's death, he saw him standing at the study table, and in voluntarily exclaimed, ' Holloa ! are you here ! ' ' Yes,' replied the apparition, ' and where I now am there will you soon be ! ' Mr. Innes was not sx man of fancies, or of impaired physique ; and when he saw the appari tion was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for.' The report of the Council of Education upon the condition of the Public schools for 1879 has been laid before Parliament. The total amount expended by the Council during the year waB £358,920. The balance remaining at the close of the year was £18,307. In addition to this amount, the sum of £73,227 13e. 8d. was paid by children as school fees, and received by the teachers of the different schools. During 1879, 1268 schools were in operation, attended in the aggregate by 134,624 children, and the sum of £73,227 13s. 8d. was paid as school fees. The increase upon the previous year's report was 81 schools, 6499 pupils, and £4199 4s. lid. in fees. The schools num bered as follows : — In 1878 : Public, 620 ; Provisional, 285; Half-time, 115; Denominational, 167: total, 1187\. In 1879 : Public, 684 ; Provisional, 317 ; Half-time, 107 ; Denominational, 160 : total, 1268. In the case of Public and Provisional schools, there were increases of 64 and 37, wliile Half-time and Denominational schools were diminished by eight and seven respectively. The net increase, 81 schools, was larger than in any previous year since 18C8, when 134 new schools were instituted. The pupils nmnbered as follows :— In 1878— Public, 81,229; Provisional, 9531; Half-time, 2327; Denomi national, 35,028 : total, 128,125. In 1879— Public, 88,488; Provisional, 10,046 ; Half-time, 5158; De nominational, 33,932 : total, 134,624. In Public schools the enrolment was augmented to the extent of tt i# « m Provisional schools of 515, while in JwT* *}* ?ere wa8sa falling-off of 179, and in ?Uenomonntional schools 1096. AfSSfTS B-e?tiDg Of th'e Counca °ftheN.S.W. rnn™ p °lety Washeld on Tuesday mornmg,atthe rooms, George-sfeeet, under the presidency of tto Hon. Booth Vwa?,?*™ Present-Messrs. Chanuell, A?n S' ?Jdge- MMtt- Powell, Bell, Paling, Ellis, AmsW0rth- Harnettj and Hawkin'_ Ifc' was g^ operatLT?^ f0Uld be issned, requesting the co vE *?£ ^ekowners in the publication of a new Tolumeof the stud-book. A letter from Mr. J.C.Irving JXL «' complaining of the resolution fixing a cjarge for entries in the herd-book, on the ground iflat many breeders had sent in their entries on the underetanaing that no charge was to be made. After £Maediecussion it was resolved to make no alteration in the decision already arrived at. The German Consul-General wrote, presenting the society with a number of specimens of Silesian wool. The secretary stated that he had consented to give this gentleman in return a number of samples of wool from colonial sheep bred from Silesian stock, in order to show the alterations under gone by these animals in this country. The president and secretary were appointed to collect samples. In reference to the question of the land required for the use of the society, Messrs. Paling and Aldritt were appointed to look for a suitable piece of ground, and report at next meeting. It was resolved that a special general meeting of the members should be held on Wednesday, 19th instant, for the purpose of con sidering the desirableness or otherwise of holding a show in September or October next. The meeting then adjourned. We are a good deal exercised just now on the subject of chairs (writes the Herald's Melbourne corre spondent), the Exhibition Commissioners, having advertised for five hundred dozen of these articles of furniture, have imposed the condition that they shall not be made by Chinamen, against which restriction there is much complaint by free traders, and for which restriction there is much gratulation by protectionists. The condition so imposed is an outcome of the cry lately raised against Chinese cabinet makers, who are complained against for bringing down the price of furniture, by working for small wages. As the bulk of the Exhibition Commis sioners are protectionists, being all appointed by the late Government, it was quite to be expected that they should take the opportunity of carrying out in practice their peculiar views. Such a restriction, of course, means that, as is the case with all protectionist enact ments, a certain class is to be subsidised at the expense of the taxpayers; but it is exactly in this light that protectionists cannot see the justice of it. Considering, however, that the Government is just now economising in every direction, and is, in fact, in a difficulty not only how to make up the deficit in the revenue of £300,000, but of how to make both ends meet, and that it is this very Exhibition whose cost represents the deficit, it is a little irritating to see the managers flinging the money away so recklessly ; for, of course, such a restriction as the Commissioners have imposed will make a difference of probably £1500 in the price of the chairs, not to speak of the quality being worse than it would be if the competition were unfettered. The Fiji Times of April 10, gives the following particulars of the loss of the cutter Chance: — The cutter waB on her way up to Levuka, from Raki Raki, under the charge of a young man named Gordon and a crew of two Fijimen; Mr. Kingsman, the owner of the vessel, being the fourth person on board. The vessel was overtaken by a squall about 9 o'clock in the morning of Saturday, April 3, when about three miles to the west of Naganea, by which she was capsized, and immediately sank. Gordon and Kingsman secured themselves on some floating timber, while the two Fijimen managed to obtain the dingy, with which they made off. The two white men continued floating with the timber all day, but became divided during the night, and in the morning Gordon found himself alone. About 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon a large shark tackled Gordon and kept company with him for about three hours, every now and again darting at the plank upon which Gordon had secured himself, He was eventually thrown on the outer reef of Nananu Island, where the shark could not follow his would-be prey. Gordon, in order to rest himself, remained on the reef for about an hour, when he relaunched his small raft on the other side of the reef, and eventually made the island of Nananu about 2 o'clock on Monday morning, after being in the water for 41 hours. On landing he was perfectly exhausted, and laid down on the grass till about sunrise on the 5th. The two Fijimen made the shore at Maria Bay, but nothing has been seen of Kingsman. He was a carpenter, about 23 years of age, and came to Fiji about 12 or 18 months since. Gordon is about 20 years of age, and arrived here in the barque Duke of Edinburgh. Neither of the two could swim. A farmer, named Frederick Lecke, sued James Gate house (a resident and ex-Mayor of Melbourne) at the Geelong County Court on the 27th April, for £250, damages for an assault committed at Queenscliff on the 10th January last. The statement of the plaintiff was to the following effect : — He resided at Swan Bay, five miles from Queenscliff. He was 50 years of age, and had a family to support. When at Queenscliff on the evening of the 10th January, he saw the defendant at Adman's Hotel, and, in a conversation with him, he stated that he intended voting for the Hon. Graham Berry's political party, a statement which apparently caused Mr. Gatehouse some annoyance, for he (the defendant) called upon a couple of his young friends to ' nail him.' Witness ran away to his cart, and was followed by the defendant and his friends. Defendant got into witness's dray, and, with the assistance of his companions, hauled him into the vehicle, and made him lie down; at the same time they ill-used him, and drove him to the Palace Hotel. When witness attempted to get away from his tormentors Gatehouse strapped a door-mat on his back and marched him to the jetty just as the steamer Golden Crown was arriving there. Witness's left ankle was sprained and he was 6ick for a fortnight after the occurrence, and he had not been able to do a good day's work since the affair. He was grossly abused by Gatehouse, and he was quite positive that the defendant sat on him when he was forcibly laid prostrate in the dray. He was tied down in the cart. When he was taken to the pier the defendant and his companions threw him on to the sand. Mr. Frederick Lowle, medical practitioner, deposed that on the 30th January he examined the plaintiff, and found that he was suffering from incipient inflammation of the abdomen, the peritoneum, and the liver, the injuries being of a dangerous character. He treated him accordingly, and was of opinion that the plaintiff would not be able to get thoroughly -well under six months' time. The defendant denied that he had assaulted the plaintiff, but had merely introduced him to a number of friends as the coming man who was to take Mr. Berry's place. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £50. From an interesting letter in the Argus, written by Mr. T.C.Brooke, of Tapis, Darling River, we make the following interesting selections. Of the river he says : — ' The Darling, on its way to the ocean, passes the townships of Brewarrina, Bourke, Louth, Wilcannia, Menindie, Pooncarrie, and empties itself into the Lower Murray at Wentworth It may be here stated that Wentworth is by the River Murray 549 miles west of Echuca, and also by that river 388 miles east of the South Australian railway station at Morgan or North-weBt Bend, [from whence there is a line to Adelaide of 105 miles. Wentworth is 617 miles by water from the Goolwa, a shipping port on Lake Alexandrina; from thence a tramway of four miles connects it with Port Victor, the port of shipment for the Darling district. The whole of the Darling country and the territory immediately adjoining is, with the exception of a few copper mines, a purely pastoral one, its climate being remarkably dry and arid, and the rainfall very limited. Consequently, the whole of its hay, corn, flour, butter, potatoes, &c;, have to be imported, while its exports consist of fat stock, wool, tallow, hides, skins, and some copper ore. Some years, notably 1871-72 and 1873, the river was navigable all the year, but in other years the navigation opens about March and closes about December. The climate, though dry, is remarkably healthy, disease among stock being almost unknown. Fat stock is produced on its pastures second to no part of the colony, while its wool, owing to the care and judgment displayed by the introduction of new blood and attention to the principles of breeding, is fast becoming equal to any in point of profit — that is, though the climate is not suitable for the produc tion of the finer qualities of the western district, yet the fleeces, though somewhat coarser, make up in weight for the less price obtained per pound for the wool. The same remarks in reference to the navigation of the Darling apply to the Murray, both above and below Wentworth — that is, it is only navigable for seven or eight months of the year. Consequently, when this is the case, Wentworth is entirely shut off from all communication, except by the mail from either Mel bourne or Adelaide, and when the Darling has risen at Wentworth sufficiently high to allow steamers to go from there up to Walgett ; yet the Murray from Went worth down to Morgan being so much wider, and hav ing so little fall, it is often two or three weeks before boats can leave Morgan for Wentworth after the navigation of the Darling has been opened, and frequently no boat from Echuca can put in an appear ance at Wentworth until the end of May and some times June. These circumstances point to the advisableness of opening communication between Mel bourne and Wentworth by rail, which can be done by the construction of a line from near Donald of 143 miles in addition to the portion already made, and a 6hort length which the late Government contemplated making, to 17 miles beyond Donald.' A large number of leading citizens met on board the A.S.N. Co.'s steamship Katoomba, on the 30th ultimo, for the purpose of attending a luncheon given by the directors of the company mentioned, to the Hon. J. B. Thurston, Colonial Secretary of Fiji, who is on a visit to Sydney. Among those present were the following: — Sir Henry Parkes, Sir John Robertson, Hon. R. Wisdom, Hon. S. Samuel, Hon. J. Lackey, Hon. John Frazer, M.L.G., MeeBrs. W. M. Jackson, Hinch, E. Dawson, Henry Moses, M.L.A., J. H. Neale, E. Webb, M.L.A., E. Vickery, L. W. Levy.E. Knox, James R. Fairfax, D. Finlayson, G. Evans, S. Zollner, W. J. Green, E. Waterhouse, A. W. Brodziack, George Ferguson, H. L. Beyers, M.L.A., Murrav, James Ewan, O. Sahl, J. C. Smith, F. B. Holt, Thomas CadeU, V. Giblin, John Keep, R. T. AUt, Rev. R. Jolly, Captains Trouton and Knight. The party assem bled on board the Katoomba, at the A. S. N. Co.'s Wharf, at 1 o'clock ; and while the luncheon was taking place in the saloon, the steamer made a trip to the Heads and back again to the wharf. Mr. Ewan occupied the chair at the luncheon, and Mr. Levy the vice- chair. 