BRISBANE. [from our own correspondent.] The Pacific Islanders Bill bas at length passed its sccond reading iu the Hoose, and may there fore be considered lo have undergone the bulk of the alterations nccessary to adapt it to tbe vL'ws of members. After mnrli » isoossion as to tbo most practicable way of limiting thy introductit n of thvse islanders, from a poll lax lo a line for tbe harboring' of thi-m without an authority fiom the Immigration Department, the Assembly has inserted au amendment with nn aim to discourage their employment other iban on cane ili'Ks, which, for sheer iiubccili'y, cannot be surpa^ed. It is that Co person ran engage a Polynesian lo£ a longer period than seven days. What can be more easy than to pay your man at the end of the week, let him walk outside your gate, aud then re-engage Uitn for another seveu days, and so go on ad ?infinitum. However, no Act of Parliament can be worthy of Ibe name unless the uieta phoiical couch and four c.-n be driven through it. A rather inane speciality appeared in the QuepnBlandeVy the subject of which was 'Mr. W. H. Walsh's vagaries iu the Legislative Council since his appointment thereto.- The article iu question was merely a joki, rig refer ence to the hou. gentleman's fondness for making a fuss aboat nothing, but it; neverthe less wounded his already too , susceptible fecliues. At any rate, he moved -the adjourn ment of the Chamber 011 Wednesday afternoon, and had a hearty go iii at Mr. Xukin, on the subject of that gentleman's recent insolvency, and was weak enough toxlion* how muc- a little harmless chaff couldirriiate him. The 'mercurial portions of the^-Assembly, incdudiug of com sc Messrs. Moreb^ad and Lumlcy Hill, had cvideutly got wind/of. the coming fatorm, and were promptly at tlieir places outside the Council bar in time to enjoy the fun of hearing tbe newspaper man efct awaiting iuto The affair did not confer much credit on the speaker or his visitor]?. The plans and Sjyecific&tioDS; of the Sandgate and Sooth Bri6)?wfeiftfJways were laid on ihe table of the HouXo otiiWcdncsday. Those fot the latter liue attpefjx to be fiee of material lor objection, but tee proposed route for that to Sandgate woui&M;&em; to be ill chosen. The line runs throogh the Exhibition grounds at Bowen Park, pfcstthe sports grounds near the Albion, and ^om thence to Sandgate via Nudgee, leaving- the racecourse entirely out ip tbe cold. WbyJthe pport6 ground, which exists but in name &rijly;,ibould receive attention to the esclnsiou-»f the H«njiJlon and Breakfast Creek districts Onil. the racecourse, Feems inex plicable, when^ faking the yearly events at tue latter place, the Veceipte from thatsource alone would be alrao'sfc';if;4iot quite as much as the incomc derived ^Exom ^be rest of the liue. Tue trains will hp Jfijtlerlj .valueless to the Bicak ffiBt Creek' residems^ they get no nearer to the i-usiness part ofytbe Hown than the station in Uoma-etreetjand paoreover, do not approach to the populous . portion of Breakfast Creek ThuB,if a,inan 'wished to go to town by *«il he bas towalk balf^-inile or more to tbeltailway Station at ibe jAlbion, and islanded at Uoma /street, .a quarter of a mile at least from bis office ;. wMJlc if he takes a bus which passes his door hp can arrive in towu almost as soon, .and beeetJjfowD within a few yards of the desired * ? . jOn^recent night the House bad a visitation jjifTtM pere°n of the gifted Billy Kea, ihe teiio^s i.mserv rhymist. ,Iie stalked in quite ?^fPjTcr aiskus li*e' after tbetnannerof -the ghost arolet,' and got a warm reception in the St&pE; of cheerfi, itnneical^rid otherwise, and i jblapf ngof ?hands. Se made quite a sensation, j SKnd 3Sauiiwlcagca the honor .by presenting tbe-] 1 baldi toatch on the top Of his blghly-'polished , cfeniitin £0 the vicwof^U.his iifotjier -senators. ?} ^e'frtiyioon^ssumed'bisold^fopf^amaUBl^ during tbe evening ^nezia ^nce88antJ.F r' j^pnatbstfeet^f Jus bdovea^jgammy. Last Saturday's Government Gazette con tained I-r. ttobli's resignation of his scat in the I Legislative Council, and the nppointiuent thereto of Mr Aplin, of Townsville. Pressure has been brought to hear on the doctor with the view of inducing him to lake this Rtep, on the grounds tbat bf is in receipt of a salary from the Government as Medical Inspector, and is also preferring a large claim against the Government for destruction of his property. There is still another celebrated opposi- 1 tionist absent from his legislalo ial duties — Mr. Hendren — whose friends are not quite certain as to his present place of abode. Things do not appear to have gone well with the member for Bundamba, as one of his creditors has applied to the Supreme Court for the declaration of his insolvency. A fatal accident occurred on Monday at the old fSnpremc Court buildings, which are now in progress of demolition. ' A tuan named Edward Kilcullen was up on the walls assisting to remove the rafters, when he slipped and fell on the pavement in ^Queen-street, striking tbo ground violently with his head and fracturing bis skull. Medical aid was at once summoned, and the sufferer removed to the Hospital. The upper part of Queen-street is beginning to look very bare now that the roof of the old court bas been removed. The following instance of eccentricity on the part of one of our Brisbane merchants deserves to be recorded. Two gentlemen who have been in business together for some time leased a lnron n chnrf. wliilo n-*n. mid np.ruiiii»d it I 'up to a few weeks 6ince, when they resolved to dissolve partnership. Everything proceeded amicably enough until the question of the occupancy of the store until the lease expired was raided. Each wanted it and neither would give way. To settle the matter they agreed to 6ubmit it lo arbitration; the arbitrators — one appoiuted by each contestant — to have tbe usual privilege, if they could not agre*, of referring to an umpire (also agreed upon), whose deeifeiou should be Until. The arbitra tors did not agree and had recourse to the higher court for a judgmeut, which was duly given, aud now the partner who lost his case ru-.ir.t I.Unl. i.ar..o„c, 1 -1 nl.i.ln Uxt -1,o n iy. . ti .-/vc decision, although he previously signed a docu ment binding himself to Ho so Tbe conse quence will, iu all probability, be a law suit. Another diorama hath visited us, this time a ?'faithful representation'' of the Zulu War. The pictur. s are goo-1, but their attractions are spoiled by the usual amount of ' mechanical clfeets ' in tho shape of tiu thunder, streaks of lightning that incessantly appear in the same shape and place, and the roar of cannou pro duced by an able-bodie. 1 man behind tbe sccne, ar/ued with a powerful drumstick. At tbe Bijou Theatre the prodieal' son of a well-known Hebrew merchant iu this city, under the nom an jMtmoot ur. Jjynn, is uignuy cxuiuiting a string of rather threadbare conjuring tricks. Tin1 old Quertiislan Tho itre is now levelled with the ground, and a more cotnmolious building is ac-lu:iJ)y heirr* erected. Herr Band man, a first rate tragedian, is shortly 10 vi^it 22 October. 