^ 'CHE MONTH. : -' v-.- ? . ' '» ..''-'?' - - ' - ?'? ?? Parliament reassembled after tlio Ministerial elections on the 1st September. A section of the Go vornmeht supporters feeling disappointed . at being passed over In the distribution of port folios, wero resolved to air their grievances and thereby feel tho pulse of the Assombly. It was hinted that if this incipient disaffection were shared' in by a sufficient number, pressure 'would be brought to bear upon Mr. Berry to compel him to modify the personnel of 'his Ministry. This interesting little 'ar- rangement resulted in a fizzle. Mr. Bowman, the member for Maryborough, led the attack. His contention was that in giving Mr. Williams, the position of Minister of Mines, the Premier , had simply rewarded the trimming, if not the treachery, of the hon. member. Mr. Williams had been originally returned as a Liberal. He had, upon the decline of the Liberal power, gone over to Mr. Service. When the latter found himself with a bare majority, Mr. Wil liams coquetted between the parties and finally threw in his lot with Mr. Berry in anticipa tion of hia services becoming recognised should there be a new Government. Mr. L. L. Smith followed in a similar strain, but the cause of the Minister of Mines was taken up by several Ministerialists, who defended the member for Mandurang f rom the aspersions cast upon his political honor and consistency, pointing out cogent and legitimate reasons for all his acts of apparent tergiversation. The. members of the Government took no part in the debate, which collapsed without even a definite opinion upon the question raised being elicited. The next matter to be settled of a party character was the appointment of Chairman . of Committees. There were three candidates for the^position, Mr. Gaunson, Mr. Mason and' Mr. Mirams. ; Their respective claims had supporters, and it wa3 necessary that the weight of the Government should be thrown in in favor of one or the other. This'involved to some extent a predicament,1 as they were all members of , the Liberal party. The diffionlty was adroitly overcome. A caucus was called, and .Mr. Berry submitted the question of choice to the 'meeting. , The reBult was the selection -of Mr. Gaunson. ' This; .gave great umbrage: to : the rejected candidates.'' MrS Mirams's claims were i.said- to bo-of, 'a Hpociar, nature He had been for three years the se cretary of the National Reform League, and had done yeoman service in 'organising' tlPe'' party in 1S77, when the Liberals carried the general elections. No oho disputed his claims, but personally hon. members were not disposed to favor his candidature. Mr, : Mason had long and/consistently supported the party, and doubtless had neither. Mr. Gaunson nor Mr. Mirams stood, his chances .'of election', were' excellent, but with those two in:,the field he was nowhere. Mr. Gaunson, had. made him self more feared than beloved in the House by successive Governments,' and, apart from individual predilections, members and the . Government felt it was better' to muzzle the hon. gentleman, by putting him in the chair. The Opposition took up the cause of Mr. Mirams, and a few Liberals gave liim their vote, but to no! purpose. Mr. Gaunson, by a triumphant ' majority, obtained the coveted position. Mrl Mirams was naturally wrath at being .-passed over. &. prize of some sort he considered . himself entitled to, and so did everyone else who expressed an opinion on the subject. He^in fact, had plenty of sympathy — nothing more. ;' The hon. member seemed to understand the situation, and in tho first instance shifted his 'seat in the House from immediately behind Mr. Berry to the corner, at the same time intimating his intention to resign the position of secretary of the League. He,' however,- subsequently relented. He continued ? to 'hold 'his office) and so ' tho Government escaped their second difficulty. The public, no less than the Parliament, expected that the Premier would have taken the earliest opportunity of delivering himself of a speech in which he would declare the policy which the Government intended to pursue. Mr. Berry, however, maintained a discreet silence on the- point. Several nights were devoted to the merest routine work. but ??? notice of '?;'' intention to introduce the following bills was given without comment :— The Constitutional Reform Bill, Payment of Members Bill, a bill for the re duction of Ministerial salaries and the salary of. the Governor of Victoria, to come into force at. the conclusion of Lord Normanby's term of office, the Abolition of Plural Voting, and the Construction of the ' Lancefield railway. It was announced that the Reform Bill would only be. formally submitted this session, and would stand qver. for discussion until next year., , The measure, it was also understood, would be drawn up in accordance with, the platform submitted by Mr. Berry at the.last general elections. The reduction of the Goyer-' nor's salary and the amounts paid to Ministers necessitated an act of Parliament, the money, being paid under schedule D of: the Constitu tion Act, which fixed the Governor's salary at £10,000 per annum, and appropriated £14,000 for the remuneration of nine Ministers of the' Crown. The following' are the changes pro posed to be made in this respect :— The Governor, £8000 ; Premier, £1800 ; Attorney General, £1400 ; and the seven other respon sible Ministers £1200 each. As regards the measure ? to tabolish plural voting, it was 'found ^ in February last that the system acted very,, unfairly, towards the Liberals. Plural voting'on that occasion was worked to such an extent 'that .it very materially in fluenced ;the issue 'of -'the elections. It has Viaon oltvn.ira v»fyn.ri^Arl . ri.« f an jinnmalv-^inv^iELr democratic community, and|beypn-J '^UfdOTib^ the desire of the people is foruts' afcoutio^ The -object of introducing' the L'ancefi-0la.| Railway Bill: was to give immediate employr:: ment to the large amount of unskilled labor that has been attracted to Victoria for some , time post. The- measure evoked,. somo little, opposition, bufr the; Government succeeded in pushing it through. the :House. The Payment of Members Bill met with only a mere show;, of resistance. Its acceptance by the popular chamber was a foregone; conclusion. -It was, sought to . be amended when in committee: in ? various directions. Mr. R; M. Smith was anxious to confine payment to members of the Lower. House, and Mr. Carter sought to re duce the.rate to £200 a year. The majority were not found in a self-denying mood, nor did they wish to give rise to odious compari sons by a monopoly of the system of remune ration. The proposed amendments were re iected. and the bill as submitted was adopted by 40 to 21 votes. ','; . . Not the least important step taken by the Treasurer was the introduction of' a bill authorising the Government' to issue Trea sury .or; Exchequer bills to the amount of £500,000, VbearingJriterest at the' rate of 5 per cent.V.M'This Tmeasure had bjen: rendered » indispensable ? in 'consequence of the condi tion ;bf ^; the^finandos^; For the lost two years a ? deficit' :ioocu^ failing to' yield .; the amounts' OHtiirinted by tho Tfeasufef. The 'banks Hml libeii called upon in the eta6rgehoy,'aud had allowed large over drafts ; interest upon loans wan accruing, tho local bodies required their annual subsidies, and without resorting to some such means as pro posed it would be impossible for/the Govern ment Jbojneet the obligations of the .Treasury. Mr, Berry detailed the history of the difficulties experienced by Treasurers, ''and showed that 'they began at the time when the trust funds were invested in inscribed stock, a course that' had-the'effeot of locking up a large fund that had. hitherto been available for emergencies. They now only had a floating balance of £320,000, but as tho revenue was declining every month he had obtained permission from the House to tranfer the inscribed stock into debentures, and placed the debentures in.' tho bank ns security against- an overdraft. It was now his wish to issue Treasury bills for twelve months for £500,000. This would enable the Government to do 'away, to a large extent, with the necessity for an overdraft. The. second, reading of the bill was agreed to, but the Opposition refused to allow it to advance a stage further until time had been allowed to hon. members to. digest the facts and figures submitted by the Treasurer. The work of retrenchment in connection .with the- civil service is being proceeded with steadily and systematically. A more difficult task for any Government could hardly be undertaken. Positions in tho Government service have hitherto been obtained, as a rule as a reward for -political services.- A mem ber of Parliament who has served the country, or* proved himself useful to his party, is sup posed to have a claim upon 'the loaves and fishes of the State, and if he declined .to accept anything for himself, or his sisters, his cousins and his aunts, or any other poor relations, he was bound to have a host of clamorous con-' Btituents. ivhose importunities were not ' to be . evaded without some substantial recognition for services rendered. An appointment to some snug billet in one of the: departments -was easily obtained, and in this way matters were amicably' arranged. There have been, of course, many honorable exceptions to this mode of political barter, but in almost every instance members of the civil service, from the lad who drew his 10s. a week to the gentleman who condescended to accept £1000 per annum, and figured prominently at . the Melbourne Club, had friends at court who looked after their welfare and resented any inter ference with the same as a personal , injury. To disturb the gentle sinecurists was.' to raise a nest of hornets. Petitions and deputations,. appeals in Parliament, state ments in the press, the whole political machi nery of the country was put in motion when the hand of the Treasurer was stretched forth with the object of pruning the superabundant branches of the tree under which, thousands sought shelter,- and enjoyed a listless existence, instead of becoming wealth -producing useful working . members ? of the' community. Sir James M'Culloch tried, the experiment in 1871; 4His idea was to lop off all the small shoots, those who - received insignificant salaries, and to reduce' up-country officials in minor positions. The result .was an outcry that threatened disorganisation to the whole social fabric; Some of the' unfortunate victims ►dfeproposed economy committed suicide, .some.. '.went 'mad, others-: dragged out. a . miserable1 ^existence, and, like . Banquo's ghost,, presented; ^themselves ; to the. author of. their-. ruin .at^th'e-. most inconvenient times ; so much so indeqd that Sir James M'Cullooh declared that while he lived he would never .again undertake the itask'i of reductions in 'the civil -service. A state ': of things somewhat similar ?? occurred when in 1878 Mr. Berry, driven to bay by the action of the Council, dismissed a large num ber of civil servants, principally the: heads of .departments and those drawing : very high salaries, for services neither very onerous nor responsible. .The system at present pursued is different. Instead of the indiscri minate selection of victims, the Go vernment fall back upon the rules of ;' the . sorvice, and by calling on those over 60 years of age to send in their' resigna- tion, officos are amalgamated, and large salaries saved. Upon this principle Mr. Berry has leisurely proceeded. A.mongst those who have already severed their connection with the public service in this way are. the following: — Capta'n Standish, Chief Commissioner of Police; Mr. Duncan, Inspector-General of Penal Establishments ; Mr. Ferres, Govern ment printer, and his next subordinate, Mr. Skinner; Mr. Noal, inspector-General of Indus trial Schools ; Mr.'Gurner,, Cr/ftvn Solicitor, and Mr. L'Estrango havo received notice that their services will not bo required after No vember next. ' V An important question/ pf . . constitutional practicoarosoupon thoosBoixibling of tho present Parliament, involving the right of tho lower branch of 'the legislature to proceed to the transaction of any business, except that of tho election of Speaker, until the speech from the throne had been delivered. The matter arose out of the persistence with which Mr. '. Service and his colleagues stuck to office. The Opposition, not relishing this backwardness on the part of the Government, proceeded, immediately upon the Speaker being elected, to pass a resolution tantamount. to a voto of want of confidence in tho Ministry. This was resented as unconstitutional by Mr.' Service, and thoso of his way of thinking. , The point was referred to the- Speaker for his decision, and Mr. Lalor declared that in his opinion the Assembly possessed an inherent right to pro ceed to the despatch of business as soon as they had been legally constituted as a branch of the legislature by being duly sworn in and electing their Speaker. Lord Normanby, when presented with the address in reply to .the speech, expressed himself as dissenting altogether from this doctrine, and regretted the action taken by the Assembly. Upon the re-assembling of the ; House after the recess required for tho Ministerial elections, Mr. Lalor took- an- early opportunity of. defending tho position he had taken up, and replying, to the strictures of his Excellency the Governor. During the recess Mr. Lalor, the Speaker, as sisted by the clerk and assistant clerk, searched the authorities, and found that there are in stances, both aucient and modern, where the usual course of not transacting business until after the delivery of the royal speech has been departed. ' from. Some eminent authorities state that no business whatever is transacted by the House of Commons until after the royal speech has been delivered ; others think it only essential that the Speaker should be ap proved of, whilst others again state that either course can be pursued. The Speaker reduced his opinion to writing, and it is .proposed by the Government: that' the document shall ap, pe'ar upon' the records of the House. The Op position disapprove of this proceeding, and are determined that before the Assembly is com mitted to it the question shall be thoroughly ventilated. .? - . ?:'':. . Much ado about nothing was made by tho Service Government in connection with certain transactions with 'Messrs. Bain' and Son for the execution. ' of - iron work necessary for the purposes of the Railway department, and for which Mr. Ford; tho ? superintendent of the construction, branch, was hold respon sible. The business was regarded as a flagrant job by Mr. Service, who'- appointed a board to formally investigate the charges. made against the contractors. Upon the prcsont Ministry taking office the board was dissolved and another, composed of practical experts, ap pointed. The result was the exoneration of all parties concerned and the re- appointment of Mr.: Ford, who had been dismissed from his position by 'the late Government. ' ?'? The Melbourne International [Exhibition will be opened on the 1st. October next. The greatest activity prevails in the building,' making .. the, requisite 'preparations for the ceremony ; and although the entire arrange-] ments cannot possibly be completed' by that Jda^jVyetsniatters^will have so'far progressed :tfi^pa^yjr^'i4j35ectable show may be antici-' 'patS3;(^jrhe:i'l|aHan ; and Austrian exhibits haye'^amyedfst^felyj'and the pictures lent by? her'Majesty the. Queen, and those selected by Sir Frederick Leighton, are expected shortly to come to hand; Over 800 invitations have been issued for 'the opening ceremony, which will: be conducted upon a scale of unusual splendor..' The Duke of Manchester and Sir Herbert; Sand ford, the representatives of the Royal! Commission appointed in London ? in con-' nection with the Melbourne International Exhibition; have arrived shere after expori- ? encing the inconvenience and hardship of ship-' wreck. They were passengers by. the Orient' Company's s;s. Sorata, which ran ashore dttr- ' ing . her trip 'round -from: 'Adelaide to Melbourne, His Grace has been the guest of Lord Norinariby,' and has been accorded a very hearty reception wherever. he has visited. The- ' Duke evidently intends making'^the most of; his visit in order to glean the fullest informa- ' tion respecting the colony, and at tho same: timeto suitably represent the British exhibitors, ; whose interest here he is more immediately: concerned about. He visited Ballarat on the; occasion of a late sheep show, and attended at; the banquet subsequently given. It was hia; first opportunity of giving expression to, his' opinions upon tlio colony, and he spoke in ' terms l^ighly complimentary. Ho thought that _ if, as Mr. Trollopo alloged, Australians wero given to ' blowing,' it was no more than tlioy wore entitled to do. England should bo proud of Victoria: and its people,' who by their energy and enterprise had accomplished so mucli in so brief a time in the,: direction of becoming a wealtliy and prosperous colony.!, On Saturday, the' 18l;h' ? inst., ;an, address . of welcome and congratulation was presented to,; the .Duke of Manchester at Government House by a num ber of .Fellows of the, Colonial Institute resi dent in the colony, .and of which hia ' Grace is the president. -; The Duke replied in felicitous terms, and- expressed the great satisfaction which auoh a inark of respect afforded him. ?': Sir- Hercules Robinson, late . Governor of Now ; Zealand, visited. Sydney and Melbourne en route for the Cape, 'to . the administration of the affairs of which colony he has been appointed. He was: accompanied by Lady Robinson and the members .of his family. . While in Mel bourne .he remained the guest of Lord Nor manby. It was intended, out . of com pliment ???. to Sir; Hercules,1 to ' have held a complimentary race meeting under the' auspioe3 of the V.R.C., } but the inten tion was thwarted owing to the course at Flemington being ? rendered ;'?: unavailable through, the late heavy rains. His Excel lency 'and} family took their 'departure, by the John Elder, which sailed on Tuesday, the 21st inst. Sir William Robinson, the brother of Sir; Hercules, had arrived from : Western' Australia to be present at the opening of the Exhibition, a few days before, his brother left the colony. The magnificent steamship Sorata, belonging to the Orient line, was wrecked off Cape Jervis, near Adelaide, on the evening : of 3rd Septem ber. - She had reached Adelaide that day after a very . successful voyage from London with a valuable cargo and a large number' of pas sengers, .including the . Duke of . Man chester : and ; Sir , Herbert B. Sandford, the ! British : Commissioner to the In ternational ':-.''! Exhibition. The full particu lars ' of the catastrophe are given else where, but it may be briefly stated here that when starting for Melbourne the weather was fair, and the sea smooth. Unfortunately, though perhaps:, not blamably, Capt. Fowler determined to go .through the Backstairs : Pas sage.1 The vessel} reached Cape Jervis safely, but about *Lthat point a haze hung over the water. ,; The captain and third mate wereon ? the deck' taking bearings about half-past eight. To all appearance the Sorata was three miles off the land, and orders were given to starboard the helm,' to avoid: a shoal indicated , on the chart; At that moment the second officer noticed, a point c ahead, and the captain in Btantly -ordered the helm hard-a-port. The ship did not answer immediately, owing to the pecuii&rity; of the tide, and the consequence was , thatTshe ran quietly on to a bank of . soft sand; and remained ; stationary, despite all. the efforts made to work her off by means of her 'powerful engines. „ The ? captain at 'once had j-the passengers removed, . some to the steamer Woonona, which/ in answer to the signals had- com&' to. her relief,' arid mothers to the lighthouse not far ? distant. . The Sorata gradually} became fixed in a bed, and the strain ' upon ? her plates ? produced leakage ;'; the;. water soon? filled the forepart of the ship, from thence penetrating- to the engine}; room,' putting out the fires: and forcing , its way . into the hold. The; .cargo was to a great extent saved, but;up to the pre sent the ship remains firmly, fixed on the. spot} where she.^Btruck, with little' prospect of her ' beingfloated.' ';.''?? ,. On ;\the 4th September the American ship EriojtheRedi Captain Allen, from New York to Melbourne .with exhibits, was lost off .Cape}} Otway. The Bhip;Was running at the rate of, about 12 knots', and according to' the captain's : estimate tie was off the. Cape Otway lighthouse Bix miles '.at half-past one in, the Dooming. He then -went down to' consult his chart, and found that 1} as v he} -believed 'the -ship was five ? miles off 0;^e5;reeRf}i;^VVMe ?} on his way back; to tlio; dedkithe; }ship ran };upon a reef. : Aftor,BtnH^ing;the ship, rose and went forward,' when a'huge;:Wayevmade_a clean breach over' her, ',?'. carry inj^liway^tlra. /wheel-ropea. '? An ' attempt '1*^M:/,inft^eXte:;lMh'}i'ttie.-tillor upi.but. the rudder -was,' parried } away and 'the . ship commenced; to. bump violently on the rooks, where she soon went to'; pieces.' In about ten minutes .'.she ? was . a ': total J wreck. .' The men, had '? no -time to } unship, the boats, and a passenger -named Vaughan-^- there were only two -i on} board-r^was seen ' to , go ;: overboard when: the mizzen maafc fell, and was drowned. Three other men Bhared the same fate; , The re mainder, 'after floating about on spars and the debris of the wreck, were piokediup by' the coasting, steamer Dawn, and brought on to Warrnambbol. The cargo ? for tho greater part was lost. 'Mr.Thoa. Higinbotham, engineer-in-chief of the Victorian railways, died suddenly at his residence, Brighton, on the night of Sunday, the 5th inBt. . He had. retired .to bed in ? his usual health, except that he experienced a chilling sensation. In ' the morning he was found dead 'in his bed. At the inquest held upon the body, the medical evidence denoted that the cause of death was serous ? apoplexy. An attempt has been made most unwarrantably ?to connect the melancholy event with certain matters in dispute in his department regarding the dismissal of one of his subordinates. There is no reason to suppose that' the deceased gentleman attached more significance to the circumstance than he would to any other ques tion of purely departmental interest. ? Mr. Elsdon, who for many years had been engineer of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay railway, has been appointed engineer-in-chief of the Victorian railways, in the place of Mr. Tho3. Higinbotham. It is expected that the post vacated by Mr. Duncan, inspector general of penal establishments, will be conferred upon Mr. Castieau, the governor of the Melbourne Gaol, an experienced and . highly capable officer. . Mrs. Greer, one of the victims of the Opera House tragedy, has recovered from the effects of her injuries, and has been seat home' by her husband's friends. She sailed in the Bangalore last mail. She had been refused a berth on board a passenger ship previously.. M. Sou dry, the second victim, remains; connected with the Exhibition, as representative of certain private firms* in Paris, and is: regarded with some curiosity. A good deal of discussion has been evoked in the public press respecting'the action of Dr. Jame3, one of the honorary me dical staff of the Melbourne Hospital, who, contrary to the rules, performed an operation upon Greer without having a consultation pre viously. He was called upon by tho committee for an explanation, and a good deal of corres pondence ensued before- Dr. James could be considered as exonerated from blame in the transaction. -'.''?'. . Serious floods occurred throughout the country on Sunday, the 12 th inst. Rain fell, with only slight intermissions, during the after noon of the 11th inst., the following night and Sundav. filthier the creeks, and rendering the rivers so swollen that many of them overflowed their banks, causing' the submergence of the low-lying lands in their vicinity. The effects were felt more particularly in Melbourne, Geelong and the Seymour district. In Mel bourne the Yarra for a time was completely dammed by Prince's bridge, and the water spread over the adjoining grounds, covering the flats, isolating habitations, penetrating into cellars and flooding out all goods, and chattels of a buoyant nature. The tract extending between the river and Flinders-street east on the one side, and that between Emerald-hill and Melbourne on the other, were covered, and traffic stopped.; Lower down the floods extended ^aqrpss^^h^guays' up. to the houses, the}ve^fe^w^r^a|jini!tjte . direction } of ' the Melb'pume^G^.Worifcs; presenting the appear-' ance ^'?;o£*i^.Beries :vpf * ivast ? lakes . dotted -' with small-! islands!' At G-eelong ?_ the iBarwori. river overflowed and caused much- damage. At Bacchus Marsh ? several bridges . were demolished, and portions of the railway lines near Sale, Colac and Queenscliff suffered so seriously that traffic was suspended for some time. It was some days before the flood waters subsided. ;; Competition may be the life of trade, but it seems to be the ruin of the drama. ' It may be safely averred that since ; the multiplication of places of amusement in Melbourne 'the charac ter of the- entertainments has' seriously deteriorated. The veriest -balderdash- at the present time is- forced ;upon the public, and when anything really- superior is produced it is bo run to death that ; playgoers begin to -. think 7} dramatio affairs have not been} for ; many -years .at so low. anebb in the colonies. Mr. Fairolough, a ^tragedian of some repute arid ; fair capacity, had a short season at the Royal, during which: lie gave a round of Shakspearian characters. He was so wretchedly supported .. that the performances were unworthy so. fine a theatre. ? Shakspeore, under such circumstances, havingfailed to draw, the 'services of anaotor named Browne, from America, of whom few had heard previously, were engaged for a week with the object of producing' a sensational drama entitled .Good as Gold. The piece is an extravagant pioture of diggers' life in California in 1849, and some idea of the truthfulness of tho portraiture may be gleaned frond the fact that no loss than fivo murders and any amount of villanies of a less pronounced type are supposed to be perpetrated ii' the course of tho four or fivo acts which: constitute the play. Mr. Browne is a yourig actor of promise, and, everything considered, acquitted himself very creditably. On Satur day night Struck Oil was resuscitated by the Williamsons at this theatre prior to their return to America. At the Bijou Mr. Wybert Reeve has being doing steady, if not excessively lucrative business, by the production of light comedies, which are placed on the stage with much taste and completeness. Unfortunately, however, he lost the services about a fortnight ago of his leading lady, Miss Ada Lester, who was rapidly becoming a great favorite with the public. Her place was taken by Miss Alice Deorwyn, who has proved simply disappoint ing. Her Sydney experience has not benefited her, as she has lost, bo far as can be judged by her performances since her return to Mel bourne, the freshness and ingenuousness of manner which was her chief charm and charac teristic when formerly connected with the Melbourne stage. We have had the Turn of the Tide for three weeks, and this was succeeded on Saturday last by the Woman in White, Mr. Reeve and Miss Deorwyn taking the lead ing parts. The company at the Peoples' Theatre have been dragging out an existence with a sort of Mark Tapleyan indifference to the want of proper appreciation on the part of the public. The latest production has been an adaptation of Mark Twain's Gilded Age. Mr. John Hall as Colonel Sellers is the life and soul of the company. He has lost nothing of his quizzical comicality, and seems just as contented and happy as Mr. Costigan himself at the most glorious period of his career. The Opera House, after a so-so run of Pinafore, was delivered over to jugglery and the art of legerdermain, very neatly represented by the celebrated Haselmayer and his good lady. The house is not. well suited for such 'entertainments. This clover prestidigitateur was followed by a veryv accomplished pianiste named Kowalski from Paris, who commenced a series of recitals on Monday, the 20th. Ar rangements have been made for a new ope -a season, which commences shortly, and will open with the; Royal Middy, an opera bouffe. A new prima donna and a new tenor are announced, and public expectation is on tiptoe, something of unusual interest being promised. Another company has been organised , for a trio to the neiarhborincr colonies, including Madame Rose Hersee as prima donna, with Miss Elsee May, Miss Lambert,' Mrs Fox, Messrs Beaumont, Verdi, Templeton, and Ver non. They purpose visiting Adelaide in the first instance, and from thence proceeding to . Tasmania. The principal musical event of the month has been the rehearsal of the prize can tata to be eurig at the opening ceremony of the Exhibition by M. Leon Caron. The band and chorus numbers nearly 800, and great in terest is '.manifested in its production. A complimentary concert to Madame Tosca, and several musical reunions on the part of har monic associations satisfied the public craving for entertainments' of this '? nature , during the month. . ? ?'.?'?' ,;;; ' Among the subjects discussed . at '? the prdifi; jiary [meeting, of the' committee of the Chamber.: of 'Commerce:6n\ 6th September, was that of the desirability of these : colonies entering the general 'postal r. union...'; Looking' 'at the ad vantages to the colonial public of a more inti mate connection'SyithTpiher- countries in. the union, which' embraces'; nearly -all civilised nations, a moderate and uniform rate of post age, . extension of the money/ ''order system, ? greater certainty of :delivery,~:;&o;, ;the '.-.? com- . mittee determined to communicate} :mth}the/ Chambers of1 Commerce; inj.the'Kadjaceht colonies, -with a yiew. to their assistingtabring- about an intercolonial conference ^onj^the:' subject during the' coming ^xhibiUbrii^lJ^)^ The new railway-'poiioy-.pf Xthe ..^veniment, will be ;! far-reaching ^and^cbmprehensiy'e^vlt; will, in all probability, tocludeVthe foiliowiri^:' lines :— From Caulfield: to -FfankBtQrii^Haw-'! thorn to Lillydale, :. Eaglehawki tb^Kerang, St.* Arnaud to Donald, Sheppa'rton'toNewniarl£et,'i; Colao to . Camperdown, :-Benalla'toLak6\Ro-,( wan, Inglewood to East Oharltoni'Riohinoiid-. to Heidelberg, Konsington } to; Coburg^.Jthe,' Daylesford extension, the Wodonga connqc--; tion to Albury, the Ballarat RacecoursejHprf sham toDimbooIa.and Tullarook to Yea.' TIjq branch line's from the main G-ippsland line will partake more of the nature of tramway b. than railways. The making of these lines will largely depend on the owners of land through which the proposed railways are to run; The Government depend on getting the land at ,ita_ intrinsic value, and not at the fancy 'prices' generally, put upon ground required by theGb-' vernment. Forms ore in course of preparation iy which landowners will formally set out at what price they will sell land required by the State in the event or «.„ Government deciding to run any required line trough their pro- . ... perty. The document in question *v{]i take the form of a guarantee to sell what land^may be required at a given rute. ??';-' The following return, specifying the amount expended up to the 31st August. 1880, out of the loan of £3,000,000 raised in 1879, and the purposes for which that expenditure has been incurred, was laid upon the table of the House on Sept. 2 : — Towards purchase of ITobson's Bay line, £1,043,520 ; construction of railways already authorised by Parliament. £129,496 ; rolling stock, £179.756; railway station at Melbourne and other works connected with railway extension as Parliament may direct, £132,938; repaying to consolidated revenue certain Bums expended and to bo expended in railways and other public works, £229,480 ; for the construction of railways as Parliament may direct, £107,668 ; repaying deficiency on the sale, of Victorian Government stock oonverted into debentures, £30,252 17s. 6d. Towards construction of Houses of Par liament, Law Courts and Public : Offices, £65,104 ; towards works in connection with the Yan Yean water supply, £44,645 ; loans to municipal or other corporations for water supply in country districts in such sums as may be directed by Parliament, £39,253 ; ] for tho erection of State school buildings' throughout the colony, £114,259; total, £2,116,871 17s. 6d. Advanced to the railway loan liquidation and construction uccount in accordance with section 11 of act No. 608, £355,822 ; total, £2,472,193 17b. 6d. Net proceeds of sale of debentures, £2,908,807 16s. ld.j balance, £436,613 18b. 7d. ' We are informed that the directors of tho Australian Frozen Meat Export Company have been unable to obtain any definite in formation from the Orient Steam Navigation Company as to when their steamers would bo fitted up and ready for the conveyance, of meat to London; and the directors, being: anxious that there should be no. delay in having this important enterprise 'put into operation, have chartered the steamer Protos to proceed from Melbourne with their first shipment of fresh meat to London. The refrigerating machine is being fitted up by Messrs. ltobison Brothers, and it is expected that the vessel will sail about the end of October. : It would appear that the Royal Mint in Melbourne is likely to become less of; a white elephant in the future than it has been in the past. Mr. Mason asked on Sept. 2 if it was to be abolished, and Mr. . Berry, by. way of reply, said that the loss on the Mint was diminishing year by. year. ; In 1877-8 tho loss entailed was over £12,000, in 1878^9 it was £5500, and last year it was only £3500. In the face of these facts, and remembering that the Mint had a tendency to keep up the price of gold, it was not intended to close the es tablishment. . ? ? ' The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Art Union of Victoria was held on Sept. 10 ; Mr. R. Wallen in the chair. The.; annual report stated that a serious diminution in the roll of subscribers had taken place, the number for , this year being 889, while lost year they w«re 1211. . But for the liberality of Mr. D. M'Dougall, of the firm of Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall, who, in the most generous spirit, presented £100 ^towards the ' prize fund, the society ..would hayo been ?unable .to distribute so many prizes as jifeU^!i^^^^iliB^A'-lot.s;:f;of ?.????;.. the subscribers. ij!^ilTO;j:|!||K^?-;objeot'i:'V6JE;1''':'giviiig:- variety to !tneifi'prM%tation. work of art, the council, ?iafte'r y^veryvcbnaiderable thought and at t'entipny';has' determined to issue, in book form,' to each subscriber Mr. Henry Kendall's poem-' Or!ara,- which is an imaginative and able production, and shows him to be a poet of high order. It is . thoroughly Australian in subject arid treatment. The society has pur chased the copyright. Commissions to illus trate passag&s; in the poem were offered to some of the leading artists in these colonies. The other drawings were thrown into open competi tion by public advertisement, . and ?' all the known artists were communicated with by post and invited to compete. Thirteen ' jeautiful drawings on wood, nine' inches by six and a-half inches, have been selected, and are now in the engraver's hands. .They will be executed in the best style, and qyery exertion will be made to produce such a .book of artistic illustrations as has never been /attempted south of the line. If sufficient in 'ducement offers, an edition de luxe ' will be prepared as additional prizes. The batnnce iBhcet showed that the expenses were £2S3 12s. ;5d.',' as against £332 15s. (3d. last year, and tho 'jyajue of .prizes and chromos, £692 13s., -as against £1011 16s. for last year. The copy ;'r5glit .of .the poem, to be presented w th illus trations, in 1881, has been paid, for, and a 'balance.: of .£66 lls. has been carried ito, noxt season.; }-'-.V' The^tcttBtees of the Melbourne Savings Bank ;haye'; issued their report for the year eadirig't30th June, 1880.' They refer with pleasure to the great progress made in the : msinoss during tho twelve months. The large increase) in the number of depositors, and the 'remarkable increase in the transactions, prove that^the facilities given are every year becom ing moro and more appreciated by ? the classes of the v community for. whom-. the. bank is specially ; intended. During the year 0857 accounts have been opened and 3911 closed, lowing 'an ' increase 'of 2946 depositors. Compared with last year, ' 1997 more ac counts were opened, and 954 more closed. The number of transactions was 88,840— viz., 53,071 deposits and 35,769 payments showing an increase of 21,085 on the previous year. At 1st July, 1880, there were 18,369 accounts open, with £524,039 4s. at credit ; or an average of £28 10s. 6d. per depositor, being £3 13s. 5d. less than last year. The amount re ceived from depositors forthe year was £354,694 14s. Cd., and the amount paid £344,769 19s. The deposits exceeded the previous year by' £56,579 Is. 6d., and the payments by £20,879 12s. lOd. The interest credited to de positors for the twelve months amounted to £17,541 6b. 6d. The opening of branch offices in the suburbs has been marked with much success. - ? ' A fish believed to be a salmon, which had been stranded by the floods, was found on Sept. 13 in a paddock at the Saltwater River, near Bray brook, and was brought into Footscray. The fish was found by a farmer, and was pre sented by him to Mr.W. M. Clark. It weighed about 4 lb., and was pronounced by expe rienced ? judges to be a true salmon. When cooked the meat had that rich flesh color pecu liar to the tribe, and a flavor that the king of fish alone possesses. At the oflSce of Mr. P. Wallace, in Bourke strcet, some samples of preserved mutton, which had been sent to England for the purpose of testing the efliciVn-v-^ i*r. ?&. Lee's process of preservation, were exhibited on the. 18th July last. Half-a-dozen tins of pf~.urv8U mutton and beef, cooked in joints, were placed on board the Assam, and carried to England and back. These tins were opened on Sept. 14, and both the beef and the mutton were found to be in an excellent state. The mutton especi ally has stood the test well, and was found to be tender, juicy and sweet. It is the intention of the Chief Secretary to so re organise the Naval Reserve that that body will be under the command of the 'chief naval officer. This change will do away with the present division of authority, and as the men will be drilled on board the Cerberus they will be available in. the event of war at the point where their services will be most rer quired and where they will bo of the utmost value. This change will involve the removal of Captain Fullarton as the head of the re serve. -'.????? . ? ; The health of Superintendent Hare, who, was wounded at the capture of the Kelly gang, ' has caused considerable anxiety to his friends recently. He has suffered very much from the - wound received in his: arm. Although under the constant attendance of Drs. Ryan and Fitzgerald, lately the symptoms were very: unfavorable, the splinte and shattered bones not all having come away. Fears were enter tained that the hand would have to be ampu tated. On Sept. 12 a consultation was held by Drs. Youl,' Ryan and Fitzgerald.-who deter \- mined to perform, an operation. The arm was cut open, numerous pieces of bones and splints, were removed, the shattered bones chiselled smoothly, and any decayed bones also removed. It may be mentioned that all the bones of .the arm had been shattered by the rifle ball, which entered on the outside and passed slanting right through the bones and flesh. On Monday evening favorable symptoms were visible, and hopes are now entertained that the hand will not have to be amputated, though the free use of the arm will never be regained. Arrangements for the holding of an Inter national Exhibition rifle contest have been comoleted, and the match will be fired off at the 'Victorian ranges, Williamstown, during the week ending 27th November next. Some time ago circulars were sent from -the Vio toriari Rifle Association to the various nations, acquainting them with the project, and inviting them to send representative teams. Answers to some of these circulars have been received, and from their tenor it may be concluded that a fairly representative gathering will take place. ' The conditions of the match have been made as equitable for all competitors as possible. Government Martini- Henry rifles are to be used by the Victorian representatives, whilst other nation alities or colonies are to fire at their discretion either with any rifle issued by their central government to the military forces of their State, or with the Victorian Martini-Henry, which will be placed in the liands of the re spective competitors immediately upon their arrival in Victoria. The respective teams competing in the match will, if a team should arrive from Great Britain or America, consist of ten men aside; but should the contest be restricted to the Australian colonies and New Zealand, the teams will number fifteen aside. The arrival of long-distanced visitors is, how ever, still a matter of. uncertainty. It is pro posed that the match shall be shot for a trophy worth not less than £50, or its equiva lent value in cash, which may be taken at the discretion of the winning team. 