j OUR LAUNCESTON LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Monday, We are in the height of the festive Christmas season, and I do not suppose your readers will expect a long letter from me in fact I have not recovered from the effects of the pudding yet, and I can't get a pen in Launceston that will write decently. It is astonishing what a lot of bad peas got about at Christmas time. Things are pretty quiet in Launceston to-day, in fact everybody has gone out somewhere. It is blowing half a gale of wind, and is dusty and unpleasant, so that I fear the numerous pleasure excursions by land and river will be somewhat marred. There is plenty on the programme Carrick Races is the chief attraction. Then there is the regatta at Perth, and the steamers Flinders and Tamar (tug) have gone off to George Town and the Heads crowded with excursionists, each boat gay with bunting, and carrying a brass hand. For the evening, great variety of amusement is offered, of which more anon. Festivities commenced on Friday, when the country people began to muster in force, and soon filled the hotels. In the evening the streets were very crowded, and the shopkeepers must have done a satisfactory business. The arrival of the ss. Flinders, from Melbourne, early in the day, made things particularly lively, especially at the Main Line Railway station. The vessel was crowded with visitors and homeward-bound Tasmanians, the bulk of whom were anxious to reach the capital. Mr. W. C. Smith, the station-master, and his assistants did their best to meet the pressure, and despatched a very heavy express train, with two engines, at a few minutes after the usual time. Christmas Day passed very quietly. The weather was fine, but rather hot. The services at the various churches were well attended. The excursions announced by steamer and train were well patronised, while all favourite places of resort were availed of for picnicing and other al fresco recreations. A few of joyful individuals, who had been seeing their friends the night before, made it a little " hot" for their neighbours in some parts of the town ; but on the whole the season is passing quietly, and so far as I know there is not even a charge of drunkenness on the watchhouse sheet. Two young fellows were conveyed by express train on Saturday from Hobart Town, under remand on a charge of horse-stealing. They were the only inmates of the watchhouse cells, and as they would otherwise have had to remain in those uncomfort- able quarters until Tuesday, Mr. Just attended at the Police Court in the afternoon and remanded them to gaol. Thursday evening's City Band concert, in the grounds of the Invalid Depot, was an enjoyable affair. There was a very numerous attendance, and an excellent programme was gone through. A display of fireworks during the evening greatly increased the interest. The great cricket contest is over, and the Australian Eleven have beaten the Tasmanian Eighteen by one innings and 222 runs. The Australians showed some splendid play, and the match must be regarded as a valuable one, if only for the practical lessons it must have taught our cricketers. If Tasmanians ever want to make even a decent show against such a team as the Australians they have only to apply the same rules, unity and practice. Those are the only sure guides to success in all manly sports. I regret that the attendance on the cricket ground was so small, and fear the speculative individual through whose agency the Australians visited the colony has not made much out of the gate money. There is to he a private assembly at the Town Hall to-night, in honour of the cricketers. I suppose ere this the two members of the Melbourne Bicycle Club, who arrived here, per Flinders, have reached the capital on their spiral vehicles. The way in which they are and work the spectral looking machines is something wonderful, and the speed is about twice as fast as greased lightning. It is reported here that Superintendent Pedder has engaged these bicyclists to come over and catch the Hobart Town ghost, which is too fleet of foot for the " Bobbies " of the capital. I shall watch with interest the result of the experiment. We have lots of very skilful bicyclists in Launceston, and it is said this visit will induce them to form a club. A good thing too ! As I said in regard to cricket, apply unity of purpose and practice, and you will succeed, and need not send to Melbourne for your ghost catchers. The s.s. Flinders made her last trip, the quickest on record, from Heads to Heads, the time being 14h. 34min. Testimonials are the order of the day, and several have been lately presented in connection with the Christmas holidays. No more deserved testimonial was ever given than that presented to Mr. L. Bain by His Worship the Mayor on Friday evening. On Easter Monday last, on the return of the steamers from George Town Regatta, a young man named Frederick Leonard who was in a boat towing behind the S.B. Corio, was seized with a fit, and fell into the water at a most dangerous part of the river. It was quite dark, but Mr. L. Bain bravely jumped in and saved the lad. Unfortunately the fits returned, and young Leonard died on the following day. His father, Mr. William Leonard, formerly of the Iron Mines, at Port Lempriere, who is now in Scotland, forwarded a souvenir, to be presented to Mr. Bain, as A recognition of his bravery, and His Worship presented it at the Town Hall in very feeling terms. The Messiah was produced at the Mechanics' Institute on Christmas night, by the members of the Musical Union, when there was a large and appreciative audience. The grand oratorio was fairly gone through. The hall was tastefully decorated for the occasion. The concert given by the amateurs of Launceston in aid of the fund for supplying Christmas cheer to the inmates of our charitable institutions was, from a pecuniary point of view, a great success. The hall was crowded by a truly indulgent audience, who seemed to fully appreciate the pleasure of join- ing in a kindly act, if not much gratified by the programme provided. The result was a sum of £60 going the gross proceeds of the entertainment, and this was equally divided between the inmates of the hospital and Invalid Depot and the Benevolent Society. In addition to this sum, kind friends sent money to Mr Jones, on behalf of the invalids, so that there was ample for Christmas festivities, and a good surplus over. After mature consideration, those in charge decided to distribute the surplus pro rata amongst the inmates of the hospital and depot, the result being that each received a dividend of 3s. It is not stated whether the distribution was free of dividend tax, but no doubt the Colonial Treasurer, who is so expert in looking after the stamps, will have something to Bay on the subject. Talk about Christmas cakes ! The finest display of the sort I have seen for many a day was made on Friday in the windows of a linen draper rather a queer place to show "cakes" some fair readers may remark, but these were rather more solid than usual, being of pure Tasmanian gold. Mr. T. W. Thomas has about one of the beat plate-glass windows in Brisbane-street, and here the tempting produce of the Nine-Mile Springs retorts were displayed upon velvet, being carefully guarded by a constable during the day. Many hundreds of people visited that window, and many a sceptic about our mineral resources became converted, and retired with the firm determination to possess shares in a gold mine forthwith. It certainly was rather a fine Bight. The Nine-Mile Springs gold is of exceptionally pure quality, and retorts well. The New Chum cake, which weighed l,G25oz., was a round deep orange lump. The West Chum gold was in several portions, part being roughly retorted, the balance in bright ingots, stamped with the company's initials. The weight was l,20 2oz. 15dwt. The lot exhibited weighed roughly 235 lb. 7 oz., and was worth about £11,308. Not a bad Christmas-box for Launceston, and not a bad Christmas-box for the Treasury either, as the dividend tax will amount to about £400. The legal manager of the West Chum, Mr. Alexander Corrie, did a business-like and considerate thing in connection with the distribution. He did not arrive in town with the gold until late on Thursday night, but having lodged it in the bank, a meeting of directors was held, and a dividend of 6s. per share declared. Mr. Corrie at once prepared the cheques, had them signed and posted, and by Friday morning's first delivery every shareholder received his cheque, almost before he had heard the result of the crushing. This unlooked-for promptitude made money circulate a little more freely than usual on Christmas eve. The New Chum directors have declared a dividend of 11s per share, which is payable on Wednesday. Good intentions are at least the seed of good actions and every man ought to sow them, and leave it to the soil and seasons whether they come up or not, or whether he or any other gathers the fruit. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HATCH-In TOUT hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use " The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it will positively restore in every eau Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most "Re- ft makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for " THE MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER." Sold by chemists and perfumers everywhere at 3s. 6d. per bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33, Farringdon Road, London. FLORILINE 1 - KOB TUdl'lCKTH ADD BBJCATH.-A few drops of the liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth- brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites! or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greater ? toilet discovery of the age Price 2s, 6d., of all chemists and perfumers. [Wholesale depot removed to 33, Far »i»gà«»Bc«a,iondoD.i ^ it Wash oiU of,;.'. 2 2 