OUR BIBLE UNION. AN ADDRESS BY REV. H. B. MACARTNEY, JUN., OF ST. MARY'S, CAUIFIELD, VICTORIA, JANUARY, 1880, Psalm cxix. 97.—" O, how I love Thy law ! it is my meditation all the day." The words of this psalm are the words of the Lord Jesus. The 176 verses which it contains embody 176 of the Saviour's thoughts upon His Father's written Testimony. He feasted upon God's sayings. " The volume of God's Book " was His joy, His refuge, and His defence* He did not read it all the day, but He meditated on it aU the day. He read it early every morning (Is. 1. 4)—it became, like food, a part of His very being—it became matter for glorious re flection until He was able, at His first leisure, tore' turn to it again. Jeiua " increased in wisdom" (Luke ii. 52) because his apetite for the Word of God never failed Him. And he is our pattern, so that, "as new-born babes, we may desire the sincere milk of the Word, that we may grow thereby." (1 Pet. ii. 2.) I am about to make a proposal to you, my beloved friends, by which we may all be associated together in what is called a "Bible Union;" but befere giving a reason for the union, or indicating how it may bo accomplished, I will ask and answer two questions. First—Why should we read the Bible at all? Secondly—How is it best read ? First, then—Why should we read the Bible at all? May God give me grace so to answer the question, that the precious volume may become in your eyes a thousand times more precious. We should read the Bible because it is so old. It is grey with years—it has no rival in its antiquity—it is the father of all books. It discloses secrets of the past which could not otherwise be known, and gives tlie names of her mighty dead. By it we behold tho world's birthday—by it we mourn outside the gate of Eden—by it we walk with holy Enoch—by it we tread with Noah on the waters of the flood. We should read it, I say, because it is so old. ' We should read the Bible because it is so new. Old as it is, it has still the dew of its youth. It was written for us of the nineteenth century. It speaks the language of to-day. It gives us just what we want at the time we want it. It has an untiring flash, like the diamond — unchanging worth, like the worth of gold—undying fire, like Vesuvius. It has the freshness of the living Lord about it. To-day its glance searches. To-day its blade divides the soul asunder. To-day its hands uphold. To-day its voice commands. To-day its blood cleanses. To-day its power abides. Though its early chapters are 3,600 years old, it has the zoht, and freshness of a divine oration- -daliverad only yesterday. We should read it, I say, because it is so new. We should read it because it will be as new tomorrow as it is to-day. It knows far more about to-day than the daily papers know. It knows more than any other book about the past and the present. Much more does it know about the future. It is the only book of the remote past: it is the only book of the life to come. It is a lamp going before us—a light shining in a dark place till the day dawn and the day-star arise in our hearts. It shows us what we are and where we are. It shows us; where and what we shall be. It knows everything, and knows everytliiug for all time. It is the traveller's guide. It needs not to be republished from year to year. It cannot be revised to suit the modern taste. V»'e possess the first, the last, the only edition. It is life 's directory as life rolls on. Like tho Tree of Life, it yields its fruit every month. Its fruit is as delicious to us as it was delicious to David. It will be as delicious to unborn generations as it has been to us. It is never changing, yet ever new. " For ever, O Lord, Thy word is settled in heaven." (Ps. cxix, 39.) "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but My words shall not pass away," (Matt. xxiv. 35.) We should read it, I say, because it will be new to-morrow. We should read it, not only because of its age, or because of its unveiling of the future, but because of its Author. God wrote it. It is the only boob God ever wrote. There is nothing else in His handwriting. We have here not His thoughts alone, but His very sentences. We have more than His sentences—we have His very syllables. Yea, more, God careth for the letters of the alphabet used to convey His truth. "He saith not, ' And to seeds,' as of many, but ' To Thy seed,' which is Christ" (Gal. iii. 16.) " The words of the Lord are pure words—as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times" (Ps. xii. 6). It is God's one volume. He has commanded us, He lias entreated us concerning no other. Men often sin in reading other books. They surely sin in neglecting this. It is not a question of the manner of writing it, or of the agents by whom it was written. God was the source of it all. " All Scripture is given by inspiration of God" (2 Tim. iii. 11). Even Jesus had no language of His own. " The words that I speak unto you I speak not from (Gk.) Myself" (John xiv. 10). "The Father which sent Me, He gave Me a commandment what I should say and what I should speak" (John xii. 49, 50). do it was also with the Holy Ghost. "He shall not speak from (Gk.) Himself; but whatsoever He shall hear, that shall He speak" (John xvi, 13). If the Lord Jesus and the Eternal Spirit first heard a voice from God before they uttered a single sentence, how does this fact enhance the value of the Bible ? Inspired men did not suffer their tongues to speak, or their pens to run along the page in the random of their owa intelligence. They " spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost" (1 Pet. i. 21). Every Hebrew word, every Greek word attributed to God in the original of the sacred volume, has had its beginning with God Himself; has been communicated by Him to the Holy Spirit, and by Him again, infallibly, to holy men of old. The law of the leper, or the plan of the temple that is soon (Ez. xl.) to be built again in Canaan, is as much from God as the Gospel or the Revelation of St. John. There is a cause for the statement of every truth—a cause which God Himself has deemed sufficient. There is much in the Bible that a man may not know, and fyet be both saved and sanctified. There is much in Scripture that God's sanctified people know, but do not understand ; yet God has given it all a place in His blessed revelation ; and because it is there—because it is His own blessed handwriting—therefore we hold it above price. Some day we shall know all its value. The solar light becomes stronger as wo read on from week to week, and from year to year. Even now, socond and third readings bring deeper convictions and holier joys. We prize the written Word more and more. Every part of it is dear to us—dearer to us than would be a hair of that Sacred Head that once was crowned with thorns. We read the Bible, I say, because God is the author of it all; and, since He is tho author, because of its intrinsic worth. " The law of Thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver." (Ps. cxix. 73.) And what shall I more say ? Reasons why we should road the Bible come thronging into tho memory. It portrays, as no other book can, tli; character of God—that God with whom we have to do. It is a gallery where hang a thousand likenesses of the Lord Jesus—likenesses of Him in repose. in servicc, in suffering, in glory. It has in it the fiery law, with the sword to slay the transgressor ; and yet it has in it the blessed gospel of the Holy Life and of the purple blood. It has in it deep-lined passages concerning human sin, burning passages concerning wrath to come, and pages craped with mourning for the lost; and yet it teems with stories of forgiven sinners, and with welcomes to the unforgiven. Who will not read these chapters concerning God ? Who will not read these records of His love ? Who will not read this book of wonder, this book of praise, this book of peace, this book of victory ? Who will not study this handbook of salvation, this guide to heaven, this chart across a stormy sea P , Who will not get its counsel and its cleansing, — its wisdom and its liberty from sin ? Who wants to be a conqueror like Joshua, a man after God's own heart, like tho son of Jesse ? Who wants to be a mother like Lois, a grandmother like Eunice ? Who wants to be a minister like Timothy, or to imitate Jesus to the life ? Who wants to be fruitful, quickened, purified, perfected? Then let his delight be in the law of the Lord. In His law let Him meditate day and night, " And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that bringeth forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither, and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper.(Psalm i. 2, 3.) Secondly. Let us now ask—How is the Bible best read ? To this question I have only one brief answer—Straight through. Old Testament and New Testament, straight through, reading both progressively at the same time, that light may bo flashed into your understanding upon every side. Heavy losses frequently befall the soul in the exercise of self-will concerning the portion of Scripture which is pprused from time to time, to the neglect of the record as a whole. " All Scripture is given by inspiration of God;" and "all is profitable." Just as precious stones, ju ;t as most rare and fragrant flowersare found in desert places, BO Scriptures, that may at first seem to you like a wilderness, will afterwards yield you treasures beyond price. The plan proposed is this:—That we should agree to read one and the same chapter of God's Word every day, in private, at our own homes ; as much more as we have time for and desire for, but not less than one chapter. To accomplish this we have only to join a Bible Union, established just four years ago in London, and which now numbers upwards of 80,000 members, scattered all over the world. A card, indicating the chapters for 1880, has been reprinted in Australia, and costs only twopence. Anyone may become a member on application. The advantages of our Bible Union are manifest —First, Scripture is read consecutively. It is read as you would read a letter or a telegram that deeply concerned you—from beginning to end, It is God's message to you, as a whole, intended to illuminate your mind, to kindle your affections, to mould your character, to fashion you into the image of Christ. Secondly, It is an aid to Christian intercourse. For when the members meet each other from timo to time they know that they have been reading tho same portion, have been listening to the same voice. They are led to converse upon tho same heavenly theme, to make practical suggestions, or to give out what God has given them, or to drink in what God has revealed to another. They become leBS and less aBhamed of Jesus and of His Word, talking of Him when they sit in the house and when they walk in the way, when they lie down and when they rise up. Sermons, readings, and expositions, moreover, are better understood when reference is made to passages which have thus become familiar. Lastly, and not least. We shall participate in the prayers of a great multitude of God's people, who pray every day for a blessing on the chapter read, and who specially pray on every Sunday morning for all the members of the Union. Our petitions will ascend for them, and their petitions will ascend for us ; and who can tell what floods of light may come upon the soul, what comforts, what deliverances in answer to their intercession. The Union binds together husband and wife, mother and son, master and servant, pastor and people, in study and in prayer. Let us band ourselves together into one godly company. Let us give ourselves more fervently to prayer and to the ministry of the Word. Let our experience be " Oh, how I love Thy law ! It is my meditation all the day." " Thy hands have made me and fashioned me. Give me understanding, that I may learn Thy Commandments" (Psalm cxix. 73). " The entrance of Thy Word giveth light" (cxix. 130). "Order my steps in Thy Word, and let not any iniquity have dominion over me" (cxix. 133). Liberty front sin, light, wisdom, love, power, all follow Faith in glorious train, and " Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God." 