IN THE ABBOT'S SEAT. By The Author of " Ode Lady of Tears." Looking the veiy impersonation of contented idleness, Frank Carew lay on the hill-side ahove the rained Abbey of Fnrness, and pondered tho embodiment in canvas and-pigments of the fancies !»i. Ll.L aL . T.«na mtnoaf liail inonirnd Wliu WOIVU UIO tiuuc QIUW ",rvw him. For three of the brightest of summer weekB the yoong A.R. A. had occupied himself in multiplying sketches of the Abbey Tains, until scarcely a feature of their beautiful decay but was lodged in his portfolio. Hie chapel was there, roofless, windowless, its altar gone, grass clasping closely the few gravestones that remained ; but as majestic in its desolation as ever it had looked in those days of Catholic prosperity when the Cistercian monks of Fnrness chanted prayers for the sonls parted from that dnst over which their feet were treading. Carew lay dreamingly under his . favorite tree, looking down on the grey stillness of the Abbey, and trying to give substance to the shadowy fancies that connected themselves in his mind with the cawing of the black choristers oppo site. At length he started up with an exclamation. I faave it — I have ib Time, mid night ; the moon at its "brightest ; the ghost of old King Harry just stealing into the chapel ; . and a .crowd of rooks perched on the sedilia, and cawing cor ses on the robber who left the central niche of the three seats empty of an Abbot. il Hing - Hairy the Eighth visiting the Abbey of Fnrness." - If toy right hand remembers its canning, I'll hold my own In thq 1 Academy next May." — A downward scramble among trees, hushes, and bits of crumbling masonry, ana \jarew crusseu cuts una auw .u. ruins. A light laugh strnck upon his ear. He sprang up the wall,- and looked towards the sidilia. Apparently the scene actually revealed was more, satis factory than that for, which the ' langh had prepared him, for he at once leaped down into the chapel and walked towards the stone Beats to his left. A figure in no way ghostly had already risen from the central niche of the three worn recesses that still adorn the rained chapel of Fnrness ; and, with great brown eyes bent shyly on the intruder, -seemed doubtful whether to remain or not. ' This 8ncoe8sor to the Abbots "of olddayp wore, as anpretendingly taste-, fijl a dress as an English gul of eighteen summers could figure in, and had a face of thp order that one hesitates whether fi .jcaU 'plain er handsome, ' 'and ends by prononncmg agnany wwracava - a. :'.MBdOTha.aenB„.ln marble might have \- had:tfi'jgf!;talB»ia that lopk of seriousnees. " - v-VBWhKiip- ?"? Maigaret. Jtesw- waste such ssmet eonnds on the" Abbey ghfets. JT'i««Bst TU paint ypn as rMednBa,Tf'5'onigffpn''kep|nng teysriana_ magewith the Furnto gbosfe while every-day mortals ifo PkfeJt Carew can't" get bo much as a surile Trbm' " I've known Fornes Mid jittoTO, niwf Ite itgapilai. f!®8 enough to walk from onr cottage to the- rninB," smdthe girl somewhat »d«yr " Mr'parew phd I .have only been acquaintances for a matter, weeks' jfett?' r ' C. " nlffliteSPifeekB in Mr.a3atewfc;- T3e i - I WB. ttnnriogi»ltBTOj gd pered to me just before I intended or. vou incliues me to make the three weeks three mouths, Will yon he as hospitable as your friends the ghosts I" " How hospitable ?" " Will you join with them in inviting me to remain ?" " Oh no." The negative was so disdainful, and the girl turned away with so abrupt a haughtiness that she waB at the farther end of the chapel before Carew had sufficiently recovered -from his astonish ment to star tongue or foot. In the twilight glowed for a single instant the apparition of a dark-blue dress, a pale cheek, and certain dark curls falling with gracefiil decorum ou the whitest of necks ; then snnlight and the shadow in question faded away together, and within and without the rains all was blauk and grey. Carew walked towards the sedilia, and sat down where the departed apparition, had, ten minutes earlier, been medita ting. He sat for a few minutes thinking silently ; a queer expression of mischief and perplexity working in eye and lip. That barbed little arrow of a ATo evidently rankled in hiB mind. « Doesn't care for the - society of T annnruia The rnH Viaa ISnaJ IUUIWO, AUU gox use with ruins and legends till she is asortof embodied dream herself If I were Rip Van Winkle, or one of the seven sleepers, I might win a gracious word from her; but being an every day piece of human ity her goddess- sbip scorns me. Such a ATo from a mouth of eighteen summers ! Fll paint that face — I'll " " Mrs. Wolfe," said Carew to his landlady, when the pair met next morn ing in the spacious garden attached to the cottage where he was staying, " I think your daughter has the strangest look J ever saw on any girl's face. Where on earth did she pick it up 1" " In Fnrness here, Mr. Carew. The lass has lived all her life but the first four years in this very bouse ; and the old ruin is almost all the playmates she ever had. When Maggie was scarce high enough to climb into the Abbot's Seat she woidd aitjy the hour under the filanA SiaannR in the chanel : and now that she's three inches taller than her mother, she goes there stilL In the day time, when we're both busy about the house, she's contented with now and then taking a peep at the Abbey from the window ; but her first hour after rising and another before it's dark she spends at the altar-end of the chapel — dream — dreamiug of the jewels that are hidden there." " Oh, it isn't the dead old abbots she- dreams of, then What ! may /these jewelB be, Mrs. Wolfe ?" " A king's rauaom in pearls and rabies, Mr. Carew. The story my grandmother used to tell me forty years ago, and that I often told Maggie when she was a bairn just able to understand me, says that in the Wars of the Roses an Abbot of Fnrness had a — But Fll leave thej legend for Maggie to telL It suits her tongue far better, than mine, and she runs through it much more prettily." " Td rather hear it from : you," rsaid Mr. Carew. " And Fd rather my daughter told it. The child's so jealons already of the tduie yon spend in the rains that Fm sore, if she thought Fd been saying anything to yon about the legend, she'd come to me, crying, ' Mather, get a new lodger. If jiu« v/ucu ovajo vrivu udj wdu wo vijiug to find the treWre.' " " These are all the treasures I'm likely tofind-in the abbey," : said Carew. opening his portfolio of sketches. "When his companion bad passed a couple of minutes in inspection and admiration, he added, : Of course Miss Wolfe does not put any real faith in this nonsense about abbots and rabies." - ' - " Sometimes she does — sometimes not. Fve known her sit for an hour at a time in the Abbofs Seat there, trying to think where the casket could be hidden, and then start up with a - little langh at herself and hurry away. It's thinking of her father and me that . makes her take these wild fancies,. Mr. Carew. . Poor as you see my husband to day, he kept a better stable ten years ago than Rennet does at his big house- on the hill there ; and if James Wolfe is n»w a ruined man, James Wblfe 'has himself to thank for it, I'm free io' talking to yon, sir ; for there's little to hide from you after that scene the -Other, evening. 0, but Maggie's miserable about her father and me ! I think ehe fears Sometimes" that he'll bring us ou the... parish -before heg.dpne ; and the thought's like a continual burning to her. She wants to go and help in Miss Postle- thwayte's school .at Ulverstone ; and" glad Miss Fostlethwayte would be to have her for little as the child was when we took her from boarding there, she' had learned almost ail that the old ladlr crinld teach her- Tlrit. T with her— she's the only being on earth that can do anything with my. husbrmd — the only thing left me to care for, or that ches for me. . And nowMr. Ctuew, Fmiifet ran in ' —there's' eight o'clock Striking, -and Maggie will be: wondering, why I don't come-to help her in getting breakfast ready." ........ "T wonder what the girl thinks of me," was Carew'e eelf-reproachful- ejacu lation, nttered .within hearing of no- creature but the rooks, as,- after break-, fast, the speaker walked. ddwn towards- the Abbey. - — I - a " What shonlda girl like itids- MrwgsteP'1Wplfe, .dividing her strange life between - dreams .of the pastT "Sandi the miseries bf the present, know of .the . meapiuglcss telk.meniiilge in towards' girls wlitJse society theyTfihd pleasaht for >U6 UUUfj' UUi flUIi ti SBMHU fWl life f III talk no more nonsense to ibis Diana of elgjhteeb'. After all, ".Carew halted, and looked back through '' the trees at the cottage he had left. p&PtterpAJft-;, | » "iOai a wife away with f me'jifoMH-: Eomess.! j : A picture'sall I wanti'V--'" i 'Enter the cbap"gl— when lie ffiight,/ Carew foiled td find its ahadowy desoia- aiaii'Afalfghtentilr by the/ipreaqupeflf Margaret Wdlfe ; ' and hie . had- irecisvOd' from London the .canvas and jOtWr- materials that he vraotefor, ahl jlnia! spent a riay or two in invitation over, his prqjected pictnre before he ainjraiv her fo' the AWiey rains.' ' . " '.> 'One«ftern<»n; towaii;)tbe ilwrd-. of' ''.CarewbSd , Walked acfoffi'i'" ths! fieljs. fo fife jmdnehfe tdwnj of Dalton.. feo it rsu m .& = Lwcr garet that he contemplated placing in the Abbot's Seat. He had already sketched, rapidly yet carefully, the sight on which his eyes had rested when, on that never to be-forgotten evening of early June, he climbed to the window- gap of the ancient chapei and looked towards the sedilia Contrasted alike vividly with the shadows that crept along broken tombstones an waving grass, and the sunset that touched with flame all the sky above the ruins, the still figure of Margaret Wolfe leaned slightly forward from the niche it occnpied ; her serious face and deep, dark eyes giving her the aspect of some eusaiuted phantom. Willi . t.liflh fa/A nnri thnDA ofMnonlD. beautiful eyeB, as they appeared in the sketch that he bad executed, Carew, however, remained dissatisfied. Labour as he might, his brush had failed to ' catch the expression that be had noted upon the girl's face — a something neither of earth nor heaven. As in the sweet Jane twilight the painter walked back from Dalton towards the Abbey ruins, his own face wore au expression curiously serious for one who was ordinarily among the lightest- hearted of living knights of the brush. There was a presence in the little Furness town that loaded the midsummer Mr nntli . noarilonoo anii t.nrnA/? mpli a thoughts from business and pleasure to the terror and mystery of death. As quietly as the darkness that was entering with him, did Carew pass forward iuto the mined chapei and towards the familiar niche. The face and form of Margaret Wolfe, absent from the place for a dozen evenings past, looked out once more on him from the sidilia, thoughtful and maidenly as ever. While Carew still stood hesitating whether to go forward or withdraw, she. ended his difficulty by rising and approaching him. " Good evening, Mr. Carew," was. her salutation — offered coldly, bnt without any trace of the constraint that, since their former dia logue in the . rains, had made few and awkward the words exchanged by the embarrassed pair. " Vou have been to Dalton — have you not ?" " I have been there all the afternoon," he replied. " And yon had better n->t come near me. " For fear of the fever, yon mean ! We have it in our house already. My father has been two or three times at Dalton lately ; and today he finds himself too ill to rise. If you think there is risk of infection in coining Up to onr house to fetch your things, I will put them together aud seud them to whatever address you may give me." " If I think there is risk of- infectiou !" returned Carew. " Vou had reason the other evening, Miss Margaret, for think ing me impertinent ; but I don't know what cause I have given you to fancy me cowardly." Neither moon nor star had as yet glimmered out on this Jane twilight. Through the half-darkness of the rained chapel, Carew perceived the girl's eyes bent on him with a look — he knew not whether of anger, wonder, or pleasure — that made them shine, starlike. u Shall I be much in your way if I still stay here 1" he asked. " 1 shall need very little attendance — most matters I can - manage for myself ; aud for dinner I cab. walk -over, when necessary to Dalton. Not much danger of. my carrying the fever with me — it's all over the town already." " Are vod not afraid of taking it yourself, Mr. Carew ? If you come back to our house to-night, how do you know : bnt it may be never to leave it again alive." " You evidently look upon me as a very nervous and fanciful kind of person," said Carew. . " If you were not fanciful, would you i rfce an artist ; I don't - think you are nervous, though; no one who was ner vous would seek the company of that terrible fever. But really, Mr. Carew, what good can you do by staying f It is very friendly aud generous of yon to wish it ; bat' what use will it be 1" " Who will nurse your father through hiaiUnesa," " My mother and. myself certainly." : " And do you imagine that you two women will -be sufficient ; Have you any idea what, in a case like ypur father's, the delirium wHl bff t" . " We can get help from Dalton." The fever will prevent you. In such weather as this, -and- in a town -like' Dalton, there is certain to be an outburst of the disease that will drive everything into fright and confusion. Don't throw away a volunteer helper, Miss Wolfe ; you may find it a difficult matter lo replace me." The girl hesitated. " And your sketch ing f ' she said, at last. « My sketching is finished, aud the picture I am setting about can wait I assure yon, Fm as little afraid of . being inconvenienced aB of dvinsr of the fever." What a marvellous amount may at times be clearly expressed, yet left un spoken i As if the eye had been a mir ror into which each looked and perceived the secret of the other's-mind, Margaret knew .that Carew, in saying "I will stay," 'added' mentally, " In order to be near you;"- Carew discerned. that Mar garet, had not Jier heart somehow been at ' conflict with her judgment would, gratefully . but.: decisively, bave declined hid offer and entreated him to; leave. . . . \- ' "Let us see what my mother will, think of your wish to remain," she said, presently, /whenishe/'-had given her hand to liim in token of thanks, and he had ;Pfeps«i, lhB ;-;prpff0red' fingera warmly. They went . slowly forth. from the tuins, and tip thepath that led to the cottage,, both as Bilept 'as the twilight If either' frhnnirhfc nf the riisdoinfiillv- ended -inter- view of a fortnight back, it was to won der'; that such a scene .'had: been. If either reflected that Margaret Wolfe and , <FiabciuCaiiew had known each other,in .ail, .five weeks, it was with,en' undefined &fiise; raaV fte titt jitefc' MidM jluid-augfc fcally changed, those weeks to years. ' :.c>: 'Mrs.' WoRe behaved as her daughter /had / known; i/amUCarew had more. than snspeedj she;Wonld behave, j Tn times fo -whatever atronger natura liappened to She was.eo ready to awfl- together forgdt.to thitntdiim: ; ' ' ii'VW .TSydayB grewLhotter and hot- :.j i the cepbrte from Daltbn became more ehd indre gloomy, Carewi althongh 'jgei'aaaiSa; light «ma: UB.«OPM; cheerful, begto to admw. in .the Fnrness St Jbhokfed him. Outlati frequent W SHT 0 HV/9K VdaaaTT | oO A «01> toll both the sick aud those who watched by them : but the ravings of the sufferet were even more oppressive to a lis tener than encb a beil would have been. Wolfe had lived for years past the Life of the habitual drunkard ; and he uas now dying tbe death of ODe. Three days of acate delirium, dariDg which the patient talked to the utmost the young artist's strength and endurance, gave place to stupor with intervals of low inutte rings, in which, like Falstaff the sick man " babbled of green fields" — those green Fnrness fields across which he was not again to stagger home from an evening's carousing. Then followed M/vma.wr/til and the rrl a aair mMninfflflSS eyes that stared, unchangingly from the pillow told those gathered ronnd the bed that he who lay there was marked for death. Wolfe died in the night ; Margaret . and the doctor only being with him. When Carew arose next morning, to take, if necessaty, his torn of watching, he met tbe widow at the door of the death- chamber. "Oh, Mr. Carew," she said wildly, " Maggie has the fever. My hus band's dead, and she will die too ! " The anticipated news of Wolfe's death was forgotten in the sudden danger for the living. For a moment Carew stared klanlrlv ot. tho rrn'pfjlf.riplr0n fare hoFnro him, unable to realise that such words had indeed been nttered. "Does Dr. Edmonson think it will be a severe attack ? " he said, presently. " He does — he does. He won't say so ; bnt he does. Oh, she'll die, Mr. Carew — she'll die ; as her father died last night, and as her mother will die after her. There won't be time to put a stone over James's grave, before Maggie and I aire lying beside him in the new cemetery at Dalton." She laid her face to the wail, and buret into an agony of tears. " Leave as, Mr. Carew, leave us, before the fever takes you, and you die too." To Carew'e vigorous nature this par oxysm of helpless grief came as a call to action that made him instantly the mas ter of his own. " Leave you, Mrs. Wolfe ! Why, when could I be of better UBe ? Where's Dr. Edmonson t " " Gone back to Dalton. He says he'll send us a nurse, if he can find one." " I must see him. Sit by your daugh ter, please, till I return. You don't mind being left alone in the hoose with her and — and " It was now broad daylight. Mrs. Wolfe. well understanding Carew's half- spoken meaning, could, therefore, with sufficient confidence, answer, ' " No." The artist added a few words of en couragement and consolation ; and hast- tened off. The doctor, a will-o'-the-wisp flitting from patient to patient, had secured no nnree, and had little hope of obtaining one. " Tbe few women in Dalton fit to be trusted with the care of a fever-patient, have their hands mors than foil already. If you could go over to Ulverstone, though, for me, Mr. Carew " " To Lancaster, if yon like, doctor." Dr. Edmonson scribbled a few words, addressed ' them aud gave Carew the necessary directions. The July days crept slowly past, a succession of blazing noons and sultry evenings, that parched and cracked the Fnrness fields into a ghastly similitude to those cheekB and lips on which rested a still fiercer breath than that of the sun — the burning kiss of fever. Day by day the furnace-like atmosphere aided doubtful reoorta from the sick-room to oppress Carew with more cruel fears con cerning Margaret Now that he no longer saw her, and could not in delicacy venture farther than to the threshold of the chamber where she hovered between life aiid death, the full extent of the im pression this singular girl had made on him was gradually revealed. He wrought feverishly and assiduously at his picture, that by painting her pnre, serious face as it appeared in health, he might distract his mind from the thought of it when flushed with the delirium of fever. The pear-tree that, when the artist .opened his window, nodded before him branches '.-laden with ripening fruit, stretched other branches towards the chamber-window of the sick girL When both -casements stood open for the heavy summer air to enter, words spoken in the one room struck od the tors of a listener in the other. Leaning out towards the pear-tree, Carew had already caught on several -occasions the voice of Margaret Wolfe, weak from illness, and too indis tinct for. his .ear .to separate its feint accents into words/ He . was leaning thus In the oarly . mbiflingbf'the firet of August, drinking in deep draughts of a fresher air than had fanned his cheek for weeks past, and, rejoicing in' the cool breeze that sangJ softly among the leaves of the patch of woodland opposite. Rain had fallen in the night—' the first shower for nearly a month': and all nature lav ereen. dewv. and. healthful, in the Bmiling August dawn. Carew, his artist's Imagination quickened by the beauty : of the scene before him, half-believed that the goddess of, the mornings sweet Aurora, was herself in presence. " She is come to cool your parched lips with her kisses, my poor Margaret" A langh, . dissonant and mirthless, jarred on the ears of the young painter, as he : murmured his f aucy to himself . It was difficult to realise -that it came from the tips he apostrophised. -See, -mother, nee, the Abbot is tryiog to take tiie caaket from me ! 0, mother, wfaat hundredsofpearlsand rubies there are" in iti-We'lIsell them in London; and buy the qld houaa again ; and., have as-mock land as we .had before 'father began to 'drink. Lady Dorothy doesn't . tike the ' Dlan. /she save. . There's' her ghost behind the others. .Oh, how pretty she is jwhat lovely blue eyes : and whA, ah innocent face for a . woman thatwsssovrickediHeraisjastthefourtp .timt fctringe'qf pearis ' Tit tTqke,, ,the rcuket" Intake it for fear . ...die -ghosts 'should be.tpo etrong for raui There's' fo;pI jm'LA$ifo3riSds , . of them rthe.room'efnil uf thkir ;focps." ' " Oh -wbatfaomble creatures .! ,Keeip them, off mothsr ; don't let them cofoe near the bed. - -Where's Mr. Carew — -he would jlrive Ihem away. ' ' :Oh, mother; ; their told hands -are touching me 1'. ; O, help, help'' 4"-' ' With the girl's scream tinging in hfe ears, <3arew hurried out of the room "arid bouBe-y: jHs printed rpotfajng that day ; die exqniBite j -paentel pai n ; jpccasfousd ' by Margaret's . delirium had unfitted "bim to' 'handWhisfornih. >' Af jveary time . Bpeht Amoug thb Abbey -raiua gave, place to tfypfeaii -nighty and when I Si ' ifce1 JLUB ,YA3tsuM .sijuoisvfe .imsU JAaatilft following morniog he attempted, by way -nl breaking the paiuful monotony of his thoughts, to resume his picture, the result was so unsatisfactory that he caBt the bras,-: from him in despair. The tbne succeeding daya were among tbe most painful that Carew had ever spent. Ou the fourth, an hour or two after he had risen, there came a light tap at bis room door. Opening it, he found himself confronted by Mrs. Wolfe's frightened face, aud despairing eyes. . " Oh, Mr. Carew," ehe wailed, " my child's dying i The doctor.says she may - ruiAR AWflir wilhniif. frntino frnm the stU|K>r she's in. Come, and see her once again before she dies." ' Carew had never more than a confased and misty recollection of. the minutes that followed. He remembered dimly' a somewhat large, room; airy, and fresh, and cool, as befits the chamber iq which > science and affection contend with the demon of fever. The exhausted nurse bad retired to her own room to rest ; bnt from the pillows of the bed there looked forth a .wasted, strangely-solemn face, more beantifol in its strange still ness than it had been in the serene seriousness bf health. 'Die v eyes were if AMmfiri fViA Aim nf fine flood. The great grief that already wrapt her with its shadow had imparted to the mother a self-restraint and dignity 'that in ordinary seasons were foreign to her oatnre. She bnrst into no fond paroxysm of weeping ; nor did the anguish stamped upon her features find expression in multiplied complaints. For the first few minutes, that the pair stood there, all Mrs. Wolfe said was, There's death in her face, you see, Mr. Carew. God's taking from me my daughter." " I want you to paint her for me," she went on presently. There never was snch a face as hers in Fnrness ; and now she's dying she's more beauti ful than ever. Paint her, Mr. Carew ; give me a picture of her sweet face, that when she's gone from me I may have something to look on that will remind . me of her, and keep me from going mad." silently signed assent. He fetched his sketching materials, and felt quietly to work. Mrs. Wolfe, after watching him for a while in silence, felt her grief rising chokingly in her throat and went away to her own room to sob and pray. The Ahgnst day stole, on, still ' and breathless, as if the wind, and .the birds in -the woods, and tbe very leaves and waters had all hushed themselves in. recognition of the presence of death. About the time when -the western . sky. was flashed with a fever of siinset, and shadows like coffin palls were trriling across grass and woodland, Carew laid down his brush, and looked; from the imagined face that had grown beneath his skilful fingers to that other face shronded by curtain and pillow. Hehad finished his task. Mrs. Wolfe had returned to the bed side of her insensible daughter, and sat sow in a chair by' one of tbe windows, lost insorrowful thoughts, and motionless as the twilight. Carew stepped tightly past her, and bent over the foce on the -pillow. Woold those sealed lids never unclose again ? Must this stupor, as the physician had: feared, glide insensibly into an enduring sleep i" "It looks iikfl sleeh." he thnnvht He touched the widow gently on: the arm. " See, Mrs. Wolfe/bow happy her face is. . That is sleep that God is giving her. It can't be death." - His companion rose ; and the two stood ride by -ride, looking earnestly on wasted cheek and drooping eyelash. " Oh, if she would bnt open her eyes again," said the mother, sorrowfully. As if the -wish had been a summons, the eyes of the sleeper unclosed them selves, and Margaret looked at the two before her. tt Mother," she said, in that most delightfal of voices — the voice of the rescued -one who has passed safely the crisis of fever and shaken of its delirinm — " Mr. Carew I" In the Academy Exhibition of the following year, few pictures were more noticed than the single canvas contributed by Francis Leigh Carew, A.RA. The scene of this painting was laid in the chapel of the rained Abbey of Fnrness ; the hoar was that of midsummer twilight. From -the central niche of the three seats of carven stone ' that still adorn the chapel, a - girlish face looked forth, wondering but undismayed,; upon .the appuition that confronted jher. This was the ghostly figure of an Abbot, -unsubstantial yet distinct ; ami frowning malignly upon the fair creature before him. . The girl held; in her hand an antique jewel-casket, from which a wealth of pearl and ruby had Bbowered out into Lam Iarr 'l ' k. a il. . J!ar I. J uct laji. LUIB itetusuve me uiu u&ua; \>i -the phantom was extended to reclaim. Three or four days after the opening- of the Exhibition, there halted before' the already-purchased picture a young couple for whom it evidently: possessed no common interest The hour was unfashionable, and the room almost empty ; and to these facts, rather than to her thin veil, and eyes aglow with radiant happiness, Margaret Carew owed it that no inquisitive stare and whisper proclaimed her ' revealed to others than her hoeband as, the original of the ghost- confronted maiden of the picture. "I found something better in the Abbey than pearls and rabies, Frank," she said, at last. Then, as Carew, dis turbed'- from his vision of midsummer twilights, and rooks ' sriting in the glow of snnset -above an androt niin, looked rouna at mer, vnBr eloquent eye. ana, mobile tip whispered fo him : " My husband." ,V ' . t Cerew made ' no stow, until they hafi iracbed home ; nor, indred, for fa, day'or -two afterwards. One' morning at breakfast, wevqr, hisuddenly aet before his 'wife a vividly -tinted sketch of Jher.; face in its bridal aspect of blushibg' hiappiness.1 ' « musx-j ' « Fear and rally/ Margaret," hs jnifl,, printing to the scarlet lips, and white, email . teeth revealed : by the eniilethai parted -them. "I found them in ,the Abbey of-' Forneaa." < " Wby, Bridgot," and bpr mistre, wished., to \ frilly her a poo the otQMDfotiog-.ofs hage.pip J why, Bridget, j d-d ybo.do this? Ton mre baite mn rtii«t.'' -H»w did :yoa do :it ?V/fAodaaet I1ttJ1'jjfii/ mBeeelf that did it," replied -Bridget ' lao't ; ® 4 1 i f.-jUrl S-rn'ty jA. i T .7/ /! .-lUL .noJiimilJ tot ' ,VAtal 