QUE CITY LETTER. [From our own correapondent.3 Adelaide, September 24,1880. After a very rough passage from Melbourne the. Orient liner John Elder, having Sir Her cules Robinson on board, arrived off the Semaphore yesterday. The day was gazetted as a holiday, bat excepting that the Banks and the Government Offices dosed at noon, bosiness weut on es much as usual, a few- of ■the wholesale houses only closing their doors. In fact, except to give an opportunity to the Government clerks and the clerks in Banks to attend the races, I cannot see what end the holiday served, or how it was in any way an honor to Sir Hercules Robinson ; or even if it were intended to be so considered, why, because the Governor of another colony pays a friendly visit to the Governor of South Aus tralia, should the opportunity be taken for proclaiming a holiday ? Sir Hercules Eobin son with bis family and suite made an early start from the Semaphore and reached the Government House about breakfast time. They looked very uncomfortable and jaded, and no wonder, considering the rough weather they had encountered. No doubt both Sir Hercules and the members of his family after the tossing about they; had. experienced and the sea sickness they had undergone would have been glad to go- to bed. as ! ordinary mor tals would have done, but greatness has its troubles, and by noon the; party from the Government House and their visitors were on the race course. The Military Band weeeon the-ground, and played at intervals during the afternoon. Lady Robinson was so pleased with their performance that she sent a special message to Lieutenant Oughton,' through) the aivle-de-camp, congratulating him on the effi ciency of the men, and saying ehe had:.never heard a better milii^ryjaaai .in During the eteepleo^^:Sv;.HeRm^,J^hin sori, who is a keen racing .man ^and^a^gieat admirer of horse flash, visited Si* Thomas Elder's stables, where he inspected with the evi dent delight of a con noisse ur that gentleman's splendid stock. In the evening there wis no rest for the weary, for after dinner Lady Jervois gave an '' At Home," at which there was an immense throng of all the would-be big people and all the little people who would appear big in the city. I am told Lady Robinson and her daughters seemed terribly tired, but did their best to look pleasant. This morning the party were driven out to Marble Tfill with which they expressed themselves much delighted. They intended visiting the Hunt Club, in the jafternoon, but as the John Eider wasannouncedto sailparlythey started bff and went on board in theafteiiioon only to find < o their great dispppointment that she would hot leave before midnight. ,^The day was showery and unpleasant, however, and as the racing was not first-class they did not miss much. As to the racing Mr. Pile, the popular book maker, won the S.A. Derby with his horse Rothschild; and the Sir Hercules Handicap, which was the best contest of the day, was carried off by Mr. Jordan's Don CarloB. Sir Thomas Elder was again unlucky, not one of his horses even gaining a place. A good deal of work was got through in the Assembly on Thursday. The Bill for amend ing the Insolvency Law was introduced,, which will make, I believe, fraudulent bank Tuptcy a criminal offence, as in England, was introduced. The estimates were pone into, and the House were in an economical fit, in. which they were very properly backed up by the Government. Mr. Bray wants to increase the pay of certain Government official*. I believe it to be bad economy to uudeipiy first rate men in service of the Btate, who are really doing good work. But it seems to ine that the pay of most of our officials is already ample. Mr. Bray's motion also was mani festly unjust, as it crfy affected officers in the first^ class. ^ As it happens in the general opinion while there are one or two officials who ought to receive increased pay in that class, there are some who do not earn what they get, whereas in other classes there are officers who do not get the pay they merit. It is therefore much .better, as the Govern ment suggest, if there are to be any tnmtqipp8 in salary at all, that each case should be decided on its merits, and not on the parti I cular grade which the official holds in the I service. Mr. Bray's motion was lost by a I majority of three. Among the lines of the I estimates passed was one for an additional j Inspector of Schools. One is certainly needed, I as the existing staff is overworked, and the I rber BC^100^8 is ^annually increasing. I The announcement made by Mi*. Hare in the I Assembly on the sHme day, that the present I session would be bis last of legislative work took no one by surprise. His health has of late been visibly failing, and it may be safely : I said he will not be much missed. He has no doubt done good work in his day, but he * I would have done well to retire before. There I Yl no °f food, for laughter in the J debates, for we shall still have " Paddy" left. J way that gentlemau got into a mess yesterday during a short debate on the Board J or Health. Mr. Coglingrew warm in defend I. i?® that institution, when Mr. Fowler rose r Hansard in hand and point-d out, that last | session-Mr. Coglin had.expressed an opipion I that the-Board-of Health should be.swept I'8**?- Mr. Coglin explained amid Mmoai uh j erangmshable laughter that "circumstances j:had changed." < . I Market looked quite festive on I Thursday afternoon, which is not a common I for-of -all dreary places in I the city except on a Saturday night, it is assuredly the most dreary. The Mayor and I Corporation paid the locality a visit and ex amined the various buildings, with which I I trust they were satisfied. What was still | more important, however,, they visited the newly completed City Market Hotel, which has been erected by Messrs. Bucknall and 1 Botting, the landlord of which is-Mr. Potter, well experienced in hotel keeping in Victoria. I capital luncheon had been provided and I general admiratton was expressed at the arrangements of the hotel. While on the J subject of city improvements, I may mention I 5^1'J10 new -Assembly Boom at the German j Club is nearly completed and will shortly -be J *"anSurated ^ a dinner and a ball; also, that j Messrs. Levi's new stores in Pirie-street are completed and form a most handsome addition I to it. The building is not overladen with ornament, and looks both comely and sub I etantial. J As I prophesied sometime ago, Mr. Sbeppard I who has for several years helditKe; office of I ?n^er"^1fa8nrer» J3®8 been appointed Aiiditor General in the room of Mr. Hifohin, -who takes Mr.'Sheppard's place. Mr. Borrow has been appointed Inspector of Credit Selections I idee Mr. Bonney, who goes into well-earned retirement. The fears as to the stability of the water I tower at the Semaphore have happily proved groundless. No sooner were the rumors re ferred to in my previous letter circulated than the authorities took prompt steps to prove their truth or otherwise. The building has been tested by competent authorities and the tower lias been found to be perfectly straight and quite stable, the leaning apearance being caused by the poles of the scaffolding. Amusements are growing more and mora . frequent. Mr. Sbetchley ftext week will give us a taste of his humorous qualities by intro ducing to us the redoubtable Mrs. Brown, *rho is warranted not to offend the most fas tidious taste, if occasionally she be somewhat vulgar and forgetful of the rules of Lindley Murray. An Opera Company is announced to open on October 9 at the Theatre Rojal, and Pepper's ghost will' soon be walking at Garner's Theatre. Hie 'last named "place of amusement will also soon be opened again for a dramatic entertainment. Mr. Garner is in Adelaide, and the on d£t is that he has mnda arrangements for3 the coming of an Opera Company under the direction of Mr. Simonsen. September 27. It Is stated that the "Victorian Government has issued invitations for a conference to be held during the opening of the Exhibition in Melbourne on the Chinese question. The South Australian Government will send dele gates, and it is to be hoped all the other Go vernments will join.- Concerted action is the only means for deHaing' a Workable scheme for managing Chinese Immigration. If one colony had one law, and anotfrer another law, it would only make confusion worse con founded. , The new overland line of telegraph from Adelaide to Melbourne ought soon to be com pleted. The Victorian Goveriisisnfc are making preparations to extend their liues to the . border, and it will only remain for the South Australian Government to put top nine miles of wire and the thing is done. Surely the sooner the better. ■ The London telegrams this morhfing an nounce the closing of the wool sales on Satur day. -Prices somewhat improved towards the end,- and Mennoes and crossbreds closed at the same figure as at the previous series. This is satisfactory considering the dullness that pre vailed at the sales some timo ago. The num ber'of bales sold was 260,000 arid 35,000 were held over. . "lefewe'goingto hare war in Europe?" everybody is asking this morning. Well, it looks-uncommonly like it. The telegrams tell us the Sultan is obstinate, and the fleet have received instructions to bombard Dul cigno, about the sorrender ©f which place to Montenegro all the present fuss is. I would venture a heavy wager, however, that by to i-morrow'fr ntfwe we, shall hear the Sultan won't fight. He is rerj/Jf^osdjo^ bringing matters to a climax and then giving way. § he does, -however, the affair cannot last long. Russia ■will pot assist him nor- will Fiance, and the combined squadrons are quite strong.enough to bring him to his senses. It will, however, be the deathblow of the Turkish power in Europe. It has troubled the peace too long. 