DOCTORS-PAST AND PRESENT- Medical -science has made great advance oven within living memory- Remedies are now discovered, palllativos applied, and oures effected in a manner unknown forty or fifty years ago. . But to fully appreciate tbe im- provements, introduced into the practice of the healing art we should look back for acsntury or so. .Medimval physicians were people to be dreaded. It says much for the constitutions of thoir patients that any of thorn sur vived their treatment. Medical science In the Middle Ages was a curious compound of magic, superstition, and little (very little) actual medical skill. Savages treat small-pox by dancing and yolling around the sufferer, thinking thus to scare away the disease ; and many nucient methods are hardly more sensible, although laid dawn with all the dignity of a. learned physician, In reading history tone is often startled by the oasunl allusions to favorite remedies, Theao were generally selected on the most fantastic grounds. Seod fruits were given to patients suffering from small-pox, because tho uiimuui SUV Bccuo nsiu UUUUUli bU i'OBUIIlUltJ the soarB left by the malady. In case of scarlet fever the patient was wrapped in red cloth and placed in a bed with hangings of the same hue, To keep the patient near a large fire and care fully exclude every breath .of air appears to have been a favorite way of treating most fevers, and indeed many other complaints. De Comines relates that when Louie XI. was seized with an apoplectic fit at table, ho endeavored, ns soon as his consciousness re turned, (to get to the window for air, " but those about him, acting for the beet, shut up the windows, held him up .to the fire, and would not lot him stir," No wonder he died shortly afterwards, The reluctance of Queen Elizabeth to follow tbe advice of her physi cians is often mentioned by contemporary writers ; and perhaps this was one reason why she attained thojogo of 70. In her day there' waB a mania for swallowing hard substances, which ono would bava expected to prove fatal to any digestion, save that of an os trich. Founded gold, silver, and pearls were given by doctors of tho six teenth century to patients rich enough to in dulge iu such costly medicines. Even iu tbe works of the enlightened Sir Thomas Browne we find allusions to remedies that make us thankful we live in the 19tb instead of the 17th century, The swallowing of nameless insects alive, ob a remedy for ague, was a popular practice known to, if not prescribed ' by, ancient physicians. The cannibal habit of takiDg powdered mummies received the approval of the medical faculty of the 17th century. So brisk was tho demand for this revoltingremedy tbat tbe supply of genuine mummies ran short, and the vendors were accused of embalming any| corpse they could lay bands upon, and selling it aB that of au ancient Egyptian. Against this " vampire diet" Sir Thomas Browns lifts his voico. " Shall Cheops be weighed out to us for drugs, and shall we eat of Cbamnes in electuaries ana pills? Such diet exceeds in horror the Arabian feasts, wherein ghouls feed horribly." Tho fabulous mingles with the costljr nnd (he revolting in old prescriptions. Where, for example, did the old physicians nhffiln 4| nfrfinirirm nf f.hft hnrn nf a unicorn." once hold a sovereign remedy for poison ? Whatever substance was administered internally under this name, tho remedy woe at least preferable to some method of treating suppoued cases of poisoning, Whon gunpowder was first introduced the doctors conceived that its ingredients were poisonous, and dressed gun- shot wounds by pouring in hot oil. Happily for soldierB, a young surgeon in tho time of Francis I, ran short of oil after a battle, and was obliged to drees many wounds with out it. Finding to his surprise that the per sons thuB treated recovered for more rapidly than those attended ta after tbe orthodox fashion, he resolved novor to uso oil again, aud the practice gradually died out. In those days there might have been reason fo» the doctor being pointed out us "the man who had killed more men single-banded than any other persou in the regiment." Doctors, in all eras, might on their side complain of the ingratitude of their patients, Frobably no profaijlon ban ovsr' had so much ridicule lavished unon it, from the time of Mar tial to our own, YeS when alokness comes few people are so strong-minded as the old Duohess of Marlborough, who, when told that she would die unless she took medical advice, returned, " I won't see a dootorand I won't die," and, in faot, recovered. Serious lllnees haB generally the effect of converting the moat unblieving pationtto faith in the doctor, even if he ungracefully return to his scepticism after re covery, There is a legendtbat an unfortunate man once possessed a very unpleasant kind of clairvoyance. Whenever be went to consult a physician he beheld around him theghosts of all the patients the doctor had lost, and tho eight was not encouraging. Being fairly scared from the consulting rooms of many an eminent practitioner by tbe crowd of invisible attendants around hie chair, the too- keen-aigbtcd' patient betook himself to a younger and lbss-known doctor. At bis side only two pallid ghosts appeared, and the in valid took courage to consaU' him. The doctor prescribed, and, afterwards falling into conversation, remarked that he had not long oommoncod to practise, and, in faot, had bad but two patients previously, "And they aro both there," cried the horrifiod third patient, rushing abruptly from the room. Wa may smile at tbe dawn of medloal science, but the much ridiculed profession has a Btrong oiaim on our gratitude. Frobably no man so constrntly risks his own life for the benefitof his fellowB as does the physician.' We have cometolook upon it.as a matter of course that tho doctor Bhould appear at our sidoin overy Infectious disease, although he possesses no talisman to secure himself against the con tagion. Equally ia it a matter of course that the reguuuubui ourguuu huuuiu ua wiuiug so unsou the wounded under the hotteet fire, although stray bullets have no respect for the rod crosB. How many men hav fallen martyrs in their noble attempts to relieve human suffering. Many a valuable medical discovery has been bought at the price of a life. Guyon, of Marseilles, is not the only physician who enoountered certain doath in the attempt to fathom some dark Becret of disease. Like many other paths of discovery, the advance of medical knowledge is tracked bv the craves of manv brave and noble men.- -Globc. 