Mr. Bowen's House-Warming. [From Chambers's Journal. ] CONTINUED. " To study the character of Hamlet •with any chance of success," continues the manager, a little more warmly, " requires a mind free from care and annoyance. As some persons"—with a severe look at Jones and the unhappy prompter—" have apparently determined that I shall not enjoy that freedom, I shall give up the part. I feel that I cain'fc do it justice." " W<5 have long shared your feelings," rejoins Jones, in a tone of mock sympathy. "Qenfonnd it, sir J" shonts BowenergeSj losing all patience. Boys,' boys,"exclaims a voice from behind the scenes, "stop quarrelling, and go on with the rehearsal—-do."' This voice belongs to Laertes, who is in France, or rather in the green-room, correcting the proof-sheet of the playbill. . His - timely interference, and the united entreaties of the rest of the company, with some difficulty effect a reconciliation between the contending parties, and the rehearsal is resumed. So things went on, till the important' day arrived, which was from morning to night a day of rehearsals and wretchedness. No one seemed to know hie part- the byplay was all wrong; Bowenerges stormed ; Jones sneered ; Mr. Bowen made peace, and Mrs. Bnwen pastry; and everything seemed upside down, aside, oat, and all in a tangle. The company was called by the manager for -a rehearsal at 10, for an early dinner at Tialf-past 1, and for a rehearsal again at'3. The morning rehearsal was troublesome and tiring enougli; bat the afternoon rehearsal, when the actors wanted to digest in comfort,. w&s; a most melancholy and sulky affair indeed. Jones confided to each one of the company separately— the. manager excepted—that if any Usgentleman or lady then present ever canglit him (Jones) acting in private ~ again, they might consider themselves aJf^iberty to skin htm and eafclHim on the spot. To do the company justice, nqpe of them betrayed any eagerness to a^ail themselves of the -permission, should the opportunity ever occur; and when the communication was made to Mr. Bowen, senior, he rather resented it than otherwise, advis- • ing Jones, in a gruff voice, to learn his .part Jonesj • ,?«th great politeness, -offered at once say his part, if Mr. Bowen. could ^conveniently find time to bear him. As MK Bowen rejected this profMsal with Eome-^disdain, Jones re- Trtirftd t jwfrrr tbp and-wenilo . sleep upon the sofa. The lighting up of the Stage, however, roused die com pany,...and'restored their cheerfulness. The.afternoon lethargy passed off; the excitement of tb^coming event cast its shadow before; and as scene after scene was. finally passed in review, the effects were so striking, that, the actors were, enthusiastie in their praises, and even Jones forgot to sneer. "It seems to me, Jones," said the manager, in a satisfied voice, " that that first scene ought to be effective." " Dfs sure to be," replied Jones. . "Texpecttohear the audience shudder \- when yon come on, Jones," continued the manager. J < M make them shudder," said Jones confidently. " I «hall come on with a rush, and startle them." This remark was received in silence. " I shall operate on them- like & shower-bath," added Jones, lost in his own pleasing reflections, Hie manager tried to look at this in the light of a joke, and laughed faintly. M A. sadden dap of thunder in the dead of night will be nothing to me," continued Jones, working his body about, as if to ascertain that his muscles were in good order. " Dignity, Jones—dignify," said the n manager, in a serious voice. il Dignity's all: very well in its way," returned Jones; "bet the thing in acting a ghost i,s to produce a teribble . impression, at once. Now, suddenness " You don't mean to. say seriously that you intend to come bounding on to the stage like the down in a pantomime, do you?" " No, I don't," replied Jones, in an icy tone. '(May I ask what induced you to put such an absurd question to me?" "What <lo you mean by saying you shall come on with a rash, then ? Mo, my dear fellow," continued the manager, employing that friendly term in the hope of preserving peace, "to make them shndder, you must——" " Imitate your Hamlet," said the irascible Jones, rejecting the olive. " It's my belief that the audience will be in fits of laughter at your folly, before I ever show my face/' cried Bowenerges, laying himself open in his eagerness to get a Jut at his adversaiy. " Your face will do it, certainly, if I don't," retorted Jones, promptly availing himself of the opening. "There's the first carriage," said .Tom Bowen, and a precipitate retreat was made to the green-room. Yes, the company were beginning to arrive, sure enough. Carriage after carriage set down its freight; and amongst the earliest arrivals—spite of Aunt Tapper's forebodings, spite of Mrs. Flitfc's warn ings, and spite of Mrs. General Gore's affectionate entreaties—came Miss Kitty. " So you are going to this—this playacting, Kitty ?"' said Aunt Tapper. " Yes, aunt," replied Kitty, looking —bless her 1—in her innocent pink and white, as if she were not going upon any very wicked expedition —" yes, aunt, I am going." " .Very good," said Miss Tapper. Then all I have to say is this: if the floor gives way, or if the roof comes down, or the carriage is overset, don't say it is my fault." Now, as it was not in the least likely that Kitty would charge any accident of this kind on her aunt, the probability is, that Miss Tapper meant, " If any of these tilings happen, mind it's your fault." However, Kitty only answered meekly: " No, aunt," and went rejoicing to the party, where she passed the time till the play began in observing, with the greatest interest, the footlights and the curtain, and in thinking how very nervous Amy must be on the other side of it. At 8 o'clock the curtain drew up, and Kitty's delighted eyes beheld Francisco leaning on a spear, and looking nervously towards the front door. To him Bernado entered, and after a word or two Francisco, either through nervousness or cold—for it was a cold night, you remember—dropped "his spear, which was within a quarter of an inch of taking Bernado's eyeball with it in its fall. Bernado, wiih < xtraor^ dinary agility, avoided the spear, aud with, Kitty thought, still greater courtesy restored the weapon to Fran- cisco. An apology (not in the part) was hurriedly made, and Horatio and Marcellus entered; and after Horatio had said that he did not believe in the Ghost a bit, the Ghost appeared, and dispelled Horatio's incredulity instantly. Jones was perfect. His attitudes were the most weird and horrible that could be imagined. Such an effect did he produce, that, on his second entrance, he was loudly applauded, and though, perhaps, it was a little mistake to bow his acknowledgments, yet he instantly dissipated any feelings of levity that this bow might have occasioned, by a motion or two so ghastly, that if purgatory can be expressed by two stamps and a twist of a truncheon, Jones certainly expressed it. As the play continued, Kitty's delight increased. Though she had never seen " Hamlet" acted before, yet she had read it, of course, and here it all was before her. There was Polonius; and there was that wicked king that she detested so; and there was the Queen; and there Laertes—rather too stout, perhaps, for so elegant a cavelier, but evidently painfully anxious to look as thin as possible, and as far as acting was concerned,, all, nay, even more than could be desired—and oh ! here was Hamlet Mr. Bowen's Laertes was characterised by an overpowering melancholy, to which, when his speech was over, he drew attention by groaning at intervals, and by periodically putting a handkerchief to the whites of his eyes. The reason for this he had imparted to Jones. He felt certain that, however much Laertes wished to go to France, he could not leave his friends and his native country without regret, "though," added Mr. Bowen, " this feeling would doubtless work off in a day or two." Of Mr. Stanley Bowen's Hamlet I need say no more than that it was decidedly pre-Fechterifce, and that his leading idea in representing the Prince appeared to be to shut his eyes and 6hout. loud. And so the play proceeded, the audience applauding heartily, the actors warming to their parts, and the whole thing going on gloriously, when, in the second act, an unforeseen accident occurred, that ruined eveiything. Imagine the feelings of the traveller who, biting the desert apple, sends his teeth into a mass of sand ; of the sonambulist who, after dreaming he is walking in the land of Beulab, awakes upon the area railings; of the actor who, turning to greet Eosencranz and Guildenstern, grasps the hands of—two firemen. (To be continued in our next.) 