IilTEBATUBE._ .Review, Tins PUBOEXÍ, VAVEU3, by JAMES LBJTANÜ. London, 1880. A good short tale would seem to be ono of tl: most difficult achievements of the novelist's ar For a single successful effort in that way thoi are hundreds of tho orthodox threo-volumo lengtl BLACKWOOD'S MAGAZINE, from its commenceuierj to the present day, has, among its many exceller cies, been remarkable for tho rare merit of its nc voilettes. Tho reader who has grown weary c storytellers who aro nothing if nob long winded can generally find relief by turning to the page of " Old Ebony." At least two or three tiunos ii tho course of a twelvemonth it is sure to furnisl Borne delightful narrativo, which can be comfort ably got through in an hour at furthest. Eu BLACKWOOD did not always enjoy n monopoly o this description of literature. The DUBLIN UNI VERSITY MAGAZINE, at one period, might havi fairly disputad tho claims of its great Scottisl rival. Tho priory of tho former lias, however long departed, and it is now numbered with th dullest sorialB that aro monthly inflicted on ¡ suffering public. James Sheridan Lefanu was one of that bril ' liant band of writers that,; moro than forty year ago, ^established the reputation of tho DUBLII UNIVERSITY MAGAZINE. It included men lilo Carleton, Lever, and Clarenco Mangan, perhap the greatest of Irish poets, not excepting Ton Mooro. The " Purcell Papers," which aro nov for tho first timo issuedin a separate form, belong to the palmy days of tho periodical in question As his first essays in that field, in which ho after wards won so distinguished a place, they will apart from their intrinsic value, bo acceptable ti all admirers of their gifted author. It is chiefly as a master of the weird and imagination in pros( fiction that Lefanu is known to ino present geno ration. Hovering on the limits of the superna tural world, in tho enthralhnglincidents'.which he wove together, ho seldom outraged the true prin> ciples of art, or rushed into those extravagancies which mar tho effect of the fantastic creations ol one who was in some respects a kindred genius, the American, Edgar Allan Poe. Lefanu has frequently been compared to Wilkie Collins, n comparison mainly suggested by tho extraordinary Bkill with which both writers constructed theil plots, otherwise there is little likeness between thom. The best of Mr. Collins's novels as con trasted with tho masterpiece of Lefanu, stand in the same rolation that a merely ingenious melo drama does to a poetically conceived tragedy. Whoever doubts this assertion, let him take up "Tho Woman in White," and then surrender himself to tho spell of "Unelo Silas." That powerfully wrought out story, the most perfect of Lofann's, appears to havo been rovolvhig in his mind for many years before it assumed its present Bhape. Tho " Purcell Papers" contain tho first rough draft of it, under tho title of "A Passage in the Secret History .of au Irish Countess." But the "Purcell Papers" also exhibit Lefanu in another aspect, that of a high-class humourist. No droller Irish tales have ever been written than some of those in tho volumes before us. For downright rollicking fun thero is nothing in Lover to surpass "Jim Sullivan's Adventures in tho Snow," "Tho Ghost and tho Bone-setter," or " Bill Malotvney's Taste of Love and Glory." In fact, Lefanu is far moro correct than Lover in re producing the idiomatic exjiressions of tho Irish peasant, and displays much moro of the dramatic instinct than tho author of "Harry Lorequer." Hero is a characteristic passage from tho last mentioned of these tales, to which a fow words of introduction will suffice. Hilly Malowney's is tho old old story. Ho falls in lovo, quarrels with hi3 sweetheart, and enlists for spite. Billy went away " to furrin parts to fight for Kine Georgo against Boney, that was great in thiin times. Well, it was soon in everybody's mouth how Billy Malownoy was batin' all before bim, astonishin' the ginerals, and frightenin* tho inimy to that degree, thero was not a Fnnchman daro say parlay voo outside of tho rounds iv his camp." "At last tho nows kern homo that Billy Malowney was surrounded an' murdered by tho Frinch army under Napoleon Bonyparty himself. The news was brought by Jack Bryan Dhas, the peddlar, that said he met tho corporal iv tho regiment on tho quay of Limerick, an' how ho brought him iuto a publie house and thrated him to a noggin, and got all the nows about poor Billy Malowney out iv him while they war dhrinking, and a sorrowful story it was. Tho way it ^happened, according as tho corporal told him, was jisfc how tho Jook of Wel lington detarmiiicd to fight a rale tarin battle wid tho Frinch, and Bonyparty at tho same timo was aiqually detarmined to fight the devil's own scrimmage wid the British foorces. Well, as soon as tho business was pretty near ready on both sides, Bonyparty and tho ', gineral next under himself, gets up behind "a bush to look at their miañes through spy glasses and th ry would they know any iv them at a distanco. ' Bedad ! ' says tho gineral, after a devil iv a long spy, ' I'd bot a pint,' says ho, ' that's Bill Malowney himself,' says ho, ' down there,' says ho. ' Och !' says Bo nyparty, ' do you tell mo so,' says he. ' I'm fairly heart-ecalded with that [same Billy Malowney',' says ho, ' an' I think if I was wanst shut iv him, I'd beat tho reBfc iv thom aisy onough,' says ho. .I'm thinkingpo myself,'says tho gineral, says he, ' but ho's a tough ono,' says he. ' Tough !' says Bonyparty, 'IIG'B tho devil,' says ho. « Begorra.I'd bo bettor pliised,' sayo the gineral, ' to tako him self than the Duko iv Wellington,' says he, 'and Sir Edward Blakeny, into the bargain,' says ho. 'The Duko of Wellington and Sir Edward Blakeny is groat for plannin' no doubt,' says he, 'but Bi|ly Malowney's tho boy for action/ nays he-'au'action's everything just now/ says he. I So wid that Bonyparty pushes up his cocked hat ' and begins scratching his head, und thinking nnd considtMn' for the bare lifo, and at last says ho to tho ginoral : ' Gineral Commandher iv all tho forces,' says ho, < I've hot it,' says ho, ' ordhor out tho forlorn hopo/ says ho, ' and give thom as muohpowdhor,jboth glazed and blasting,' says ho ' and aa muoh bullets do yo mind, an' swan dhropc an' ohain shote,' says ho, 'and all sorts iv wea pons an' combustibles ns they can carry ; and let them surround Bill Malowney,' says he/ an'if they can got auy soort iv an advantage let them knock him to smitlK-reenB,' says he, ' and then take him presner/ says ho, ' an' tell all thobandmcn iv tho Frinchariny/says ho, 'to play up Garryowen, to keep up their operits/ says he, 'alltho time they aro advancing. An' you may promise thom any thing you liku in my name,' says he, * for by my sowl I don't think it's mauy iv them 'ill come back tothroublo us/ says ho, winlrin' at him. So away whit tho Gineral, an' he ordhers out tho forlorn hope and tells tho baud to play, an' every thing else, just as Bonyparty desoired ¡him. An' sure enough, when Billy Malowney hoard the muBic whore ho was standin', takin'a blast of tho dhu dheen to compose]his mind,for murdherin' tho Frinchmen as usual, being' mighty partial to that tnno entirely, ho cocks his cara ono side, an' down he stoops to listen to tho music ; but begorra who should bo in his rare all the time but alTrinch grazmideer behind a bush, and seoincr him, stooped in a convay nient formjbedad he let flies at him and faxed him rignt between the legs an' the small iv the back, glory boto God ! with what they call (savin' your presence) a bunishell. Well, Bill Malowney let one roar out iv him, and away ho rouled over tho field iv battle like a slithor (as Bonaparty and tho Duke iv Wellington, that was watching the manouvres from a distance, both consayved) into glory. An' sure enough tho Frinch was overjoyed beyant all bounds, an' small blame to them ; an' tho Duke iv Wellington I'm tould was never all out tho same man sinco." Lefauu was the graud-nophew of tho illustrious Irish orator, Sheridan. In politics, he was all through life a staunch Conservative, which fact is worth while remarking, because he wroto a bal lad which is more fervidly national in sentiment than anything which the poets of tho Young Ire land ¡school produced. "Shamus O'Brian," the ballad to which we^allude, was, according to some accounts, the result of a wager, niado by Lefanu, that he would outdo the fiery spirits of the " Na tion" in tho manufacture of seditious verse. But it is only fair to stato that " Shamus O'Brien" appeared previous to tho movement of '48. It became immensely popular in America, where it was (first recited by Samuel Lover, and its popu larity as wo know has extended to Australia ns well. "Patrick Crohone" is another vigorous ballad of the same typo as " Shamus O'Brien." It relates the adventures of an Irish Lochinvar, and was, indeed, intended as an imitation of tho fa mous ballad of Sir Walter Scott. Notwithstand ing the favour with which his maiden efforts in tho DUBLIN UNIVERSITY MAGAZINE had been re ceived, Lefanu's debut as a regular novelist was a failure. "Turlock O'Brien," a semi-historical novel of the Wars of King James, attracted very little notice. Discouraged by thiB, Lefanu dovctcd himself for somo years after almost exclusively co Press work. He had nearly reached tho maturo age of forty when tho " House by the Churchyard" challenged tho attention of the critics, and was pronounced " a parable hit." This striking novel instantly took hold of tho public, and was quickly followed by that which wo havo already described aa his masterpiece, " Uncle Silas." To persons who aro acquainted with either of tho above-mentioned works, a volume bearing tho name of Lefanu, must be always welcome, and, as illustrative of some of tho finest qualities of his peculiar genius, they will certainly not bo disap pointed in tho "Purcell Papers." It may bo worth while to add that latterly Lefanu becamo proprietor of the DUBLIN UNIVERSITY MAGAZINE, but dis posed of his interest in it a few years beforo his death, which occurred in 1S74J. 