Insured for a Thousand. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) CHAPTER 1. RIDING HOME. BY W. BENIOR. Two horsemen were pausing on the top of Honey wood Hill. They had walked their horses briskly up that long tiresome ascent so well known to all the coachmen and carters of those parta, and now drew rein, partly to breathe their beasts, partly to admire the prospect, and perhaps quite as much for the purpose of afford* ing the younger man an opportunity of filling and lighting his meerschaum. The protect was wide and beautiful; it represented one of those highly cultirated stretches of rural Eng land upon which the eyes of artist and poet lore to rore, and, roring, linger until they inspire thoughts that are perpetuated on canvas or in type for ever, A rioh, mellow autumn sun, now makiug its last stage to the west, warmed corn field and coppice, and flashed gloriously on farm-house roofs and rick tops. A little stream threaded its silver way, spanned by many a rustic bridge, through spangled meadows, past the drowsy yew-shadowed churchyard, and through the village of Bellford, whose houses seemed to rally around the old square-towered church to defend it from any danger that might approach, and at the same time to receire from its vener* able pretence character and protection. Beyond and around the Tillage the uplands stretched— hedges, belts of trees, grazing lands | cornfields, yellow enough now, and busy with harvesters | a homestead or two; in short a picture of sweet peace and ripe plenty. 1 Yes,' slid one of the horsemen in answer to his companion ; 4 the prospect is fair enough I grant, but a sad heart does not help to make a Tery appreciative eje.' This remark was uttered in a gloomy tone of roiee, and the speaker concluded with a deep drawn sigh. He was a spare, small, middle- aged man, with bright chestnut hair, eyes so darkly brown that it required little ts make them black ; and there was about him an intelligent, if melancholy, expression of countenance which always secured attention. His name was An* draw Martock. Ho wai a brewer by oooapition, and the brick building near the church in tha Tillage at the foot of Honey wood Hill, being larger than the reit of the houiiea, wm a very oonspiouous object. And thia was hia brewery. Martock'• Entire waa rather a good •ample of wholesome malt liquor, and well known. The other honeman was a young good-look* ing fellow, of three or four and twenty, and as he sat upon hia sleek iron-grey haok, kindling his pipe, and enjoying the first dozen whiffs as only a healthy smoker, proud of his pipe, and believing in hia mixture of tobacoo, can do, be was precisely the deioription of human being a small, middle-aged, melanoholy man, who talked of a sad heart, would envy. For a moment Andrew Martook undoubtedly did envy young Harold Campion, the lawyer's son and heir { envied him his youth, strength, hope, and freedom from oare. ' Ah,' replied the younger man, in response to the gloomy speech of his companion, m already reported}' in other words you mean that things are not what they seem. To me this is a sight to oharm anyone. Look at ——* 'I know,' said Mr. Martook impatiently, 'I know | don't trouble yourself. You are looking at the oolor, and the sunshine, and the shadows flying o?er the wheat; and the brook, and all the rest of it; I can see nothing but the brewery and the OTerdue mortgage upon it.' ' Come, come, oheer up old fellow j 'tis a long lane that has no turning,' said Oampion. 'In my case 'tis deucedly long,' was the answer, giren with a saroastio smile. 'But come away. The soene is fair enough, Mr. Oampion, but it was fairer to me twenty years ago, when I could call some of yonder land my own j fairer than it is now, when I can reoall aore after acre slipping away from me, and leav ing me to-day about as high and dry as an unfortu nate man can well be. But come away. The scene is passing fair, only you and I surrey it through differently colored glasses. Your* are rose-tinted j mine are rery much emoke*hued.' The horsemen lingered yet a few moments, and then proceeded on their road, still pursuing their conversation. ' You are not the only man in the world, Mar tock, who finds himself on bad terms with Dame Fortune. There's Tucker, of Dean's Farm, for instance. I am not going to tell offloe mysteries, you know i but it is no seoret that he is, as the saying goes, as high up a tree as any man in Folkshire.' 'Aye; so muoh the worse for him.' ' Look at this,' continued the younger man, selecting from a paoket in his breast pocket a pieoe of blue paper. ' Luoky man,' answered Martook. ' Thia ia a reoeipt in full for £864 odd shillings and pence from Sir Henry's agent, in the suit of Bulstrode, baronet, against Alexander Tucker, of Dean's Farm; verdict and costs all complete.' 'Yes | I have ridden over this morning to Wyndhurst, hare paid old Harris, or rather Tom Harris, on his father's aooount, a paoket of crisp bank-notes for the whole amount, and now Farmer Tuoker can breathe again until his next difficulty.' ' A rery pretty document.' mused Mr. Mar tock. ' A roost lovely bit of paper. It is free* dom to the prisoner j it is the magio maohinery which takes a mountain off your back. It is release from what, God forgive me, I shall never be released from.' 'My dear Martook,' said young Campion sympathetically. ' You really ought not to take these things so much to heart. You never know what will turn up, and so long as a fellow keeps his pluck high he is superior to rereries.' Martock, riding along olcse to the hazels of the hedgerow, had been pondering orer the re ceipted bill, though evidently not reading ir, and he now returned it with the question: 'How did Tuoker manage this ?' ' Well, as to that, I am not free to tell you exactly. But, if I hint that the modern system of life insurance has something to do with it, you may form your own conclusions.' ' The deuos—you don't say so ?' ' Yes, I say so. By the way, Martook, why don't you follow suit P You are insured for m thousand, you know. Insure for fire thousand.' ' Don't mention it,' said Martock decisirely. ' That shall remain, let what will come. The least 1 can do for them,' pointing with his whip to the house behind the walnut trees in the brewery yard, 'is to keep that thousand safe. I would not stick at a trifle short of robbery, I do believe, to clear away the debts which harass me just now, but I've wronged my family quite enough already. When lam gone I don't want them to abuse me more than is absolutely necessary.' ' You wrong your daughter anyhow to talk in that strain, »>nd you bare no right to cast a doubt upon her affection.' * Susie ? Dear child; no, I cast no doubt there. She will not speak abuse, nor think it whatever happens. But let it all paai. As you say, it is a long lone without a turning,' said Martook, owitohing the leaves of the hedgo, whioh had now ohanged from broad-leaved hazel to small-leaved blackthorn. Soaroely another word was spoken. The men rode down the winding hill; by the low heavy browed almshouies, built as if speoially de signed to remind the broken-down inmates that they must not be too' joyous; and so, until they reaobed the green, where tho roads diverged. The brewery lay to the left, and Lawyer Campion's offioes to the right. 1 Why, how is this ?' exclaimed Campion, at he shook hands at parting with Martook. 'There is Tom Harris outside the Bulstrode Arms. He must have ridden at a rare pelt to get here first. Strange he didn't lay he wai coming this way.' ' Not muoh strange about the speed anyhow,' the other said. 'He has evidently ridden round by the marlpits, and gained a oouple of miles in distance. Then his mare is reeking with sweat, and pumped completely. He is a break* neok rider at all times, and to-day is no excep tion to the rule. Besides, you rode slowly. You were walking when I orertook you. <3ood« bye.' The lawyer's son trotted forward to the Bul strode Arms, and stopped to parley with Tom Harris, standing in the porch of the Bulstrode Arms until he came up. < How did you got here, Tom ?' asked Cam pion. ' Why didn't you tell me you were com ing to Bellford P ~We might hare ridden to gether. 'How did I get hereP' Harris repeated laughingly. ' Simplest thing in life. I ought to hare ridden Caroester way after you left, but ought doesn't always take its proper place. I thought one thing : Kitty here thought the re* rerse. She, just bolted before my right foot was in the stirrup, and went off like mad to the marlpits. Then she pulled up { but I determined to punish her, and kept the spurs going till here we are. Have a drink P' At first young Campion refused. Then he hesitated. Then he dismounted, and in a few moments the billiard balls were merrily clicking, und the horses were led round to the stables. Meanwhile, Mr. Andrew Martook, with slack reins and laok-luitre eye, allowed his oob to take his own paoe into the brewery yard, and stop of his own aooord at the oounting-house door. Ohaptib 11. MBS. MABTOCX'B VIIWO. When Harold Campion, during the dialogue on horseback described in the provious chapter, with all the confidence of untroubled jouth, laid down the dootrine that the man who kept a good heart within his breast was superior to reverses, Mr. Martook was oonsoioua of a pang of which he gave no outward and risible sign. He fel' that if the wife who had shared his home for a score of years were just a trifle more womanly in her sympathies he might rue above misfortune, or at least not be cast down by it i but he groaned in spirit to thick that for such sympathy be yearned, and must yearn, in Tain. On the afternoon of the ride down Honey wood Hill the Bellford brewer was more than usually a prey to despair. He had been OTer" taken by Campion at a moment when, looking mentally on every side, he oould see no possible escape from the sea of trouble* which computed him about. The companionship of a young man with whom he was on friendly terms (for Cam* pion's attachment to his daughter Susie was no secret between them) had broken in for a time upon his dark forebodings in the manner we have seen; but no soonor had Harold ridden on and rejoined Tom Harris in the bar parlor and billiard-room of the Bulstrode Arm* than the old sorrow awoke and cried again. This was why the cob was left to hit own de« vices | this accounted for the absenoe of mind whioh kept its rider in the saddle at the oount* ing>house door, to the astonishment of the stable-boy waiting at the horse's head for the master to dismount. It is given to some few favored members of the great human family to know nothing of depression of spirit. To the majority of us, however, must come moments when the soul hungers and thirsts for the sympathy of our fellows. Be it great or be it small, offered at the proper time, such sympathy is far above rubies in its priceless value. Many a life has been saved from wreck and ruin by a kindly word dropped in season ; and when it has pro* ceeded from the treasure house of home, how much more potent has it been! It did not seem, if heavy footstep and clouded brow may be held proof of what is passing within, that Andrew Martock, as he walked through the wioket gate, and along the garden where the dahlias were in grand array, expected to find balm in hit Gilead. He hung his hat and whip upon the stand in the hall, and heaved a sigh ss he turned the handle of the silting room door. His wifo and daughter were silently working there. Tho latter came forward, a fresh-looking modoit maiden, uncontaminated by contact with anymore worldly world than that which was bounded by the market town of Wyndhurst to the north, and elsewhere by the scattered tillages which lay around the other points of the compass. Susie Martook was no tttra avist no novelist's heroine, it may be. She was only dne df those ewoet, lovable, Rood, comely girls which rural England, tbstik Heaven, still produces for tho benefit of man kiod. Bblt upright in a high-backed ohairj firm and severe of aspect, s*t Mrs. Martock, the mother 6r this young lady, and the wife of our friflnd of the rueful counteuanco. Her character may quiokly be summed up. Unhappily for mankind there are too many Mrs. Martocks in the world. She could lay her hand upon her heart, no doubt, and piously aver that the ten com* mandments she bad kept from her youth up wards. Family prayers, graoo before and after meat, were said with a regularity that had never been invaded sinoe Mrs. Martook had ruled a home of her own. She was regular in her attendance at the Ohuroh services, minor a* well as major. Even now, as she sat prim in her prim chair, there was a Bible upon the little table at her elbow, and another volume whioh bore a olose resemblance to Baxter's Saints' Best, as published by the B.P.C.K. Yet this model lady lacked one thing ; she was unable to carry out the beautiful golden rule. She had never loved her neighbor as herself; nay, even though that neighbor wero very olose at hand. Into this company Andrew Martook entered, greeted his daughter, and walked to the win dow. He looked out, musing still, and drum, ming upon the pane. By and bye he half turned to his wife. 1 Jarrett I —Jarrett was the brewery elerk-«~ 1 tens me there were two letters,' he said. 1 There were,' snorted, rather than said, she, at the same time produoing from under the Saints' Beit tho letter*, and observing with a toss of the head and » sniff whioh meaat vast moral altitude—' More trouble.' • Yes,' he said, ' more infernal trouble.' ' Susie, this language is not fit for your ears. Leave the room,' commanded Mrs. Martook. To the damael, this occurrence was familiar, and of late it had been somewhat frequent. Her father opened the door, patted her on the head, and returned to his post at the window, with an unpleasant saroaatio smile upon his face, and a set expression about the mouth that was seldom seen. ' Perhaps I nray be permitted to enquire, Mr. Martock, when these disgraceful difficulties are to endP' asked the lady, more upright than ever, and with hands crossed. ' You may be pormitted, my dear. You may enquire as often as you like, but you must go elsewhere for an answer.' This coolly. 'Of course I expoot to be insulted. But thiß life cannot last much longer.' ' I am inclined to agree with you. I have been thinking the whole matter over this after noon, and have come to the conclusion that the thing must have an end. These letters clinch the rivets hard upon me. We are going to the deuce as fast al we can, and for my part the ■ooner I get there the better for you all.' 1 That ever it should be my fate to be com pelled to bear this blasphemy, this vile language!' said Mrs. Martock, wringing her hands and swaying to and fro. ' That it should be my lot to dwell in a godless house, and be dragged down in this manner 1' •Take my advioe, Mary. Don'fc whine, and don't snivel,' quietly suid Martock. 4 That I should be spoken to in such brutish language!' sobbed the wife. 'Take my advice, Mary,' answered the hut* band, with an incisive sort of calm that any tensible woman would hare taken as a warning llt is no use crying over spilt milk. Heaven knows I have done my best for yon and Susie, but everything has slipped away from me, as if the brand of misfortune were upon me, never to be removed.' ' Whose fault is it ?' cried the woman, shrill and sharp. 'It is your godlessness, your weakness in business, your gadding about at Wyndhurst all days of the week, your pottering after the hounds, your billiards at the Bulstrode Arms, and many a thing I know nothing about I dare say. Whose fault is it ?' Drumming still on the pane, Mr. Martock turned white with wrath. He had not been what is termed a fast-living man; was in reality a good husband and father, a good citizen, tad not a bad brewer. But there was juit enough color for the lady's accusations to give them point. Andrew Martock was not a churchgoer, and was apt to draw cynical comparisons between hi* wife's saintlike profession and vixenish prac tice; he had marie rash bargains and been tempted to part with property that he had etter have kept, and bad thrown away money ia nostrum* and so-oalled improvements for the brewery- He was fond of a ride to Wyndhurst, and a game of billiards very occasionally with Harold Campion; and a run after the hounds for a couple of hours eaoh fortnight was a morsel of reorea tion be did not despise. The man's wife mag* nifled these harmless items into sins of the first magnitude, and mourned, oftener and louder than neoossity rendered imperative, that her husband was given over to the Evil One. All this Martock had heard. Drumming there at the window he took no notice of the more familiar reproaches, bat tried ia his heart to answer the question s— •Whose fault is it r" ♦God knows! I don't think it is mine,' he murmured at fast. 'Take not the name of God In tain,' said Mrs. Martock, terribly soandalised. ' He has had nothing to do with your affairs for many a long year. It is your own recklessness that is to blame. You have squandered my property, you have beggared me and my ohild. Oh! that I should have lived to see the day!' 'You'll drive me to something desperate, by the Lord,' shouted Martook. 'I'll bsar your reviling, your devilish temper, no long er. Mark that—no longer. It isn't enough, I suppose, that I get seamed and hacked outside, but you must needs mb in your precious salt directly I come inside doors. Ourse your professions of religionj if they have taken all affection or sjnv pathy out of you!' And in a whirlwind of rage Martook left the room, and haunted the empty brewery till bed time. Susie was called to administer restora tive salts, and to hear for the hundredth time her father desoribed as a godless atheist, who was drawing down perdition upon the entire establishment. In the dreary brewery, where the rats scam pered aoross his path, and the galleries and stages oreakingly eohoed his monotonous footsteps, Andrew Martook turned over In hia perturbed mind the references made in the afternoon to Farmer Tuoker's affairs. Campion's suggestion anent raising money on insurance polioies always obtruded itself. However far away thought roamed, it sooner of later returned to that central idea, which at length assumed tho pro portions of a temptation. Martook beoame fully alive to this fact, and went down to the counting house. Here he unlocked bis safe and fished out from a bundle of other parchments an in surance policy. The contents, even to the phraseology of the legal jargon, be knew quite well, but the whim seiied him to read it through word by word. ' Insured for a thousand,' he said to himself. ' That is a faot at least; and, so help me God, this policy shall remain intact, for equal division between wife and ohild. Yes, it is come to this. If anything happened to me to-morrow or to day this is my sole legacy. Well, well, life is short. I'll settle this once for all. 1 Whereupon he sat down, got papers, pen, and ink around him, and worked as a man works who sets his affairs in order. He appeared at the breakfast table next morning with a plaoid oountenauoe, and Susie thought she had never seen so much wistful fondness in the gate that she encountered during that silent meal. Mrs. Martook had nothing to complain of. She was amwered courteously when she asked a question or hazarded an observation, but somehow it seemed as if, since yesterday, the gulf whioh separated them had widened, and that it was a cold deep gulf that would never be bridged. The first thing Jarrett had to do on arrival at the office was to sign a document—his master's new will. Ohaptbb 111. IOHO AVBWIM, WHBBB ? A week patted, as week* very generally do in a country Tillage that it something bigger than a hamlet but a little leas than a market town. There waa a fair quantity of business transacted at Bellford, whioh happened to be the oentre of a fairlj populated distriot, and whioh bad ita hotel and three or fonr ale-houses, ita lawyer and iti brewer; but the ordinary run of wecka waa of an uneventful character. An even-sided routine marked the revolving year. Sonetimea the rule waa proved by aome startling exception, aa Mr. Harold Campion discovered one fore* noon. ' Tom, tell Mr. Harold I wiah to apeak to him,' aaid Lawyer Campion to the pound-a week clerk who anawered the bell. Harold waa found at hia desk peeling a ripe pear with hia ivory paper knife, and he laiily looked up at the summons. ' What ia the matter V he enquired. ' Don't know,' waa the anawer. ' Old Tucker'a there, red as beetroot and mopping hia forehead with a bandana that would cover a barleymow.' * All right' said Harold, wiping hia banda on • check duater and moving towarda his father'a room—the sanctum aanctorum of the establish ment. There, too excited to ait in the chair which bad been placed to receive hit burly form, and evidently laboring under great mental die* quietude, was Mr. luoker, of Dean's Farm j there, half amused and half anxious, behind his table, and leaning back open-eyed in his chair, Mr. Campion the elder awaited his son. ' Harold,' he said, < here is our friend Tuoker, perfeotly frantic He has received a peremptory letter from Harris, of Wyndhurst, threatening immediate exeoution if that little aooount is not paid by to-morrow noon. How much did you sayP' *It is eight hundred and sixty-four odd, as you know very well,' gasped the farmer. 'I paid it to you a week this blessed day, all bank-notes, tied up with a pieoe of red tape in a sample bag. You know it.' ' Certainly, Mr. Tuoker, we know it well enough. Ton paid in the money, as you say, to me,' said Lawyer Campion, ' this day week, at 10 o'clock in the morning. Harold there paid it to Harris the same day, at Wyndhurst, by 1 o'clock. And you shall hare the reoeipt. Get it, Harold.' 'To be sure. There is a mistake somewhere, whioh we can soon settle,' said Harold, disap* pearing in the outer offioe. 'Take it easy, Tucker,' said Mr. Campion. 'Sit down. We all know the money was paid.' 'Stick to that; and darn the rest,' ejaculated the farmer, sinking into a ohair. By-and-bye, longer both lawyer and client thought than was necessary, returned Harold Campion, white as a sheet, and very nerrouf. •Well,' shouted Tucker. 'Where's the receipt?' asked the other quickly. • It's not there, father,' said Harold. 'But you paid th* money?' anxiously en quired the father. 'Of course, paid it to Tom Harris. And, as I fancied, I had the receipt in this pocket-book, whioh I put in my cash-box, and aever thought of looking at it till now.' ' Goodness! And this was a week ago. Yob told me you had put the reoeipt with the other papers in their place in the strong box,' said the lawyer. 'That is where the fault comes in, father. You know I went out rabbit shooting next day, and I forgot all about it afterwards.' 1 Do you handle £800 odd every day, you lazy young scampP' yelled Tuoker, dancing round the office. ' Where's the reoeipt ? Dang it, I'll shake it out of you.' And the farmer advanced a step, as if to oarry bis threat into exeoution, but thought better of it, and, floundering into a ohair, flourished the bandana vigorously. Mr. Campion, a true gentleman of the old school, who hated scenes, turned to Tuoker and politely told him he need not concern him self. The money had been paid, and if anyone suffered it would not be Tucker, of Dean's Farm. ' Will you have this looked to P' the latter asked, holding the threatening notice from Harris in his trembling fingers. ' Yes,' answered Mr. Campion, ' I will take the responsibility of that. Let me give you a reoeipt to satisfy you.' This was done as soon as the document could be written, and Farmer Tuoker departed, mutter* ing something whioh sounded like a fierce opinion as to what must happen when puppies who thought more about rabbit shooting than business were entrusted with the handling of a pot of money. ' This is a serious matter, Harold,' said Mr. Campion, when the coast was dear. ' Yei, sir, serious enough, as regards my care lessness. It will teaoh me a lesson though, and I'll just pot the mare in the dogcart and drive over to Harris at once,' answered Harold. 'Do so, my boy t of course it is all right. Lose no time.' The old gentleman sat thinking for a few minutes when bis son had left the room, and re* sumed bis work with the comment: 'No j Harold it a good lad, but too flighty yet for business. I hope indeed this will teaoh him a lesson.' And, to show how little he thought of the whole business, tho lawyer was soon lost in his conveyances. Meanwhile the dogcart conveyed Harold Campion along the* Wyndhurst-road at a speed which would have brought him under the bye law against furious driving, had the mare been so pushed within the boundaries of a muni* oipality. He did not dream of failure ; yet an undefined feeling of apprehension dung to him like a garment. He pish'd and pshaw'd, and touched up the mare; but still the unpleasant, unbidden feeling refused to be shsken off. It was three in the afternoon before he pulled up at Mr. Harris's office. Without standing upon ceremony, having sta tioned a lad at his panting mare's head, be rushed to the lawyer's private room, with which he was well acquainted. Mr. Harris paused, wax in band, in the operation of sealing a letter, end looked aatonished at this boisterous invasion of bia privacy. 'Where's Tom, Mr. Harris V bo asked ex* oitedly. • Where's Tom P Where's your sanity, Harold Campion P Where are your manners P' aaked the old gentleman severely. 1 Fray pardon me; but Fro come about the money I paid Tom last week. The £864 odd on Tucker's account,' said Harold, talking fast and thick. 'Mad or drunk assuredly,' murmured Mr. Harris, rising and keeping a wary eye on his visitor, and his hand on a big black rnler. ' You remember my banging over the money in notes. Old Tuoker bad a fancy to get it in that way. Tom gave me a reoeipt. It was this day wetk. Of course you remember it.' 'I remember nothing of the kind, Harold Campion. If the money was paid I should hare known it and remembered it.' 'Then I must be mad, Mr. Harris. Not paid!' said Harold in tones so woebegone that the lawyer, albeit puuled, bade him be oalm, be seated, and be careful and clear in his statements. Thus enoouraged, Harold told his story dearly; how on the day in question he had ridden over on his iron*gray; found Tom Harris and the office boy in sole charge, the head of the firm and the clerks being, as was then explained at a meeting of petty sessions ; paid him tbo full amount of the verdict and costs, reoei?ing in return a properly stamped reoeipt; and how, refusing to put up his horse, which had been held outside by the boy, he had ridden back to Bellford. Haying made his statement, he en* quired again where Tom Harris was. ' That is more than I can say,' answered Mr. Harris, thoughtfully. ' Three days ago he weut to London intending to run down to Donoaster and see the St. Leger run. I expect him homo the day after to-morrow.' ' But is thero no reoord in the ledger of the money being paid in P' * Nose whate?er, Harold. Where, I ask, is the reoeipt P' The young man groaned again as he told the remainder of his story, his forgetfulness of the payment, and the manner in whioh he had gone rabbit shooting instead of looking after office business. 'But,' persisted bis interrogator, 'that does not explain what has become of the receipt.' ' True, it doea not. It cannot be found. But, now that I recall the oiroumatance, there is one man in Bellford who saw the receipt, duly signed by Tom Harris.' 'Aye! Who is that P' And then Harold Campion told how a week since he had been overtaken by Martock, the brewer, on the Wyndhurst»road, and how, in oourse of conversation about Martook'a involved affairs, Tuoker'a payment had been referred to, and corroborated by the produotion of the receipt. ' And you have not seen Tom since P' ' Why, yes, I saw him again that same day.' Much amazed, and apparently inoredulous, was Mr. Harris when he heard of the rencontre at the Bulstrode Arms. He oould not make out why his son should have gone there, and what displeased him most of all was his evident ignorance of his son's movements. Moreover, he divined that there was something eeriously wrong, and that the young men—one or both of them—were in a fix. ' Yon say Martock taw Tom's receipt P' he asked. 1 Yes, Mr. Harris.' ' That Tom and you played billiards at the Bulstrode Arms P' 'Yes.' ' And that your father has guaranteed to see Tuoker safe P' ' Certainly j and to satisfy him gave him a receipt to-day.' 'Then I'll come over to Bellford the first thing in the morning, and see Mar took and your father. By then, perhaps, you will have found the receipt.' The interview ended here, unsatisfactorily to both. Harold began to be alarmed at the pre dicament in which he found himself. The old gentleman had, alas, too many painfully stroog reasons to guide him to a conclusion—the heart-saddening conclusion for any father to gulp down—that if there were anyone guilty in the transaction it was his son, and not the son of Lawyer Campion, who would be responsible. He bowed his head in sorrow under the re flection that he had no faith in his own son's honor, and went through the office books again, if haply he had missed the entry—which he had not. ' There is something mysterious in the whole transaction,' he argued to himself. ' According to young Campion, nearly £900 was paid into this office in bank- notes. Curious thing that. Tom takes it, and I hear nothing of it. That, too, is queer. Campion takes receipt, and keeps it bottled up in his caahbox until accidentally calltd upon to produce it, and then it is not there. That is very curious too. It is all curious, but my fears are very strong. That journey of Tom's to Bellford looks bad. Dis grace! Disgrace!' he muttered, walking away to the telegraph office to set the wires in motion to find the whereabouts of his son. Harold Campion, driving baok to Bellford, had, mile by mile, ringing in his ears the one re* frain, "Where is the reoeipt P' The horse hoofs said it; the wheels rumbled it out in slower measure. It was nothing but that one query, ' Where is the reoeipt P' Chaptkb IT. kabtook's oobbobobatiok. Harris, the elder, and Campion, the younger, could see plainly that everything turned upon the evidence of Martook. If he had seen the receipt on the road from Wyndhurst, the ques tion would be one for the sole oonsideration of the Harrises. That also was evident. The first thing Harold had to do was to see hie father, who had left the office, and had not yet reached home. Some little time was lost in this way, and night drew on apaoe. At length the Campions met. ' All right, Harold P' anxiously enquired the father. * All wrong, father,' replied the despondent son,who in the same breath enquired, 'Have you seen Martook ?' ' No/ the other answered. ' I called at the brewery, and they told me Martock went away Bomewhere in the four-wheel dogcart, bat no body knows where he ie gone or when he will return. There is a brewing going on, however, and he will be baok to-night. What has he to do with thie business ?' ' Everything father. I forgot to tell you this morning that I showed Martook Tom Harris's receipt as we were riding down Honeywood Hill. But Tom'e father knows nothing. Ho says the office hooks show no reoord of the money being paid in, and that Tom is gone to Donoaster.' Father and son talked the matter over more fully than they had done before, and the former was particularly struck with the meet ing of the young men on the day of the pay ment at the Bulstrode Arms. A theory began to develop in hie brain. It was based on the bolief that Harold Campion had been fool rather than knave, and that Tom Harria had been knave rather than fool. With the caution of hie oraft he kept his theory to himself, and requested his son to go-home, keep himself calm, get some tea, and then set forth in queet of Martock. For himself he walked on to the.Bulstrode Arms, where by a judicious cross-questioning of the landlady he made a discovery very much confirming hie theory. The following sentence from the landlady's cross-examination will speak for itself:— •I was that sorry for Master Harold that I didn't know what to do with myself. It wae a good joke for Tom Harris—the ne'er-do-well!— and the wenohes, but not for Harold. You see, Mr. Campion, Tom Harris came out of the billiard-room and perauaded the girle that he had made a wager, and that if they would kiss Hsrold in the passage he would win it, and they were to have half-a-orown each aa their share. The stupid wenches were willing enough. Cicely told Mr. Harold he was wanted, and called him out of the billiard-room, and then there was a grand to-do in the passage, Tom Harria coming to the billiard-room door and laughing fit to burst.' This then wae the discovery- on the day with whioh we are all concerned Tom Harris in duced Harold Campion to dismount, and play billiards at the Bulstrode Arms; by a trick, a lie as to a wager, got him out in the passage, he being in his shirt sleeves, and his coat with his pocket-book being in the room. No marker present) coast quite dear. Still, underlying all hie surmises and suspioions, was a belief that all must come right, that Tom Harris would be able to explain his part of the affair, and that Harold would find the mining dooument. The one thing needful now was to hear Mar took's version of the ride down Honeywood Hill. Thst waa the hinge upon whioh Harold's vindi cation turned. So to the brewery Mr. Campion went atraightway, before returning to hie own home. Mr. Martock was not there ; had not yet appeared; had been absent with the four-wheel nil day; was expected aeon to auperintend the boiling, for which the furnace was now being made ready. ' On the whole,' thought Mr. Campion, walk ing leisurely home in the dusk, 'the matter seems plain aa regards Harold, but ngly as re gards Master Tom Harria. Unless he can give a prompt explanation to the contrary, he has kept the bank- notes, and abstracted the receipt from silly Harold's pocket-book.' By-and-by tea was over at Mr. Campion's house, and Mr. Campion, according to hie cus tom, had Bought the elippered ease of his study, where the soft light of his reading lamp, ilium- inating the type of the newly-arrived county paper, soon tempted him into forgetfulnesa of aught save the new system of local government then being propounded. Harold, worn out by excitement, had fallen into a troubled sleop on the sofa, and there his mother allowed him to remain undisturbed, watching with affectionate oare lest unnecessary noise should disturb him. There Mr. Campion at 10 o'olook found them. His entrance awoke liarold, who jumped up, saying :— 'Dear me! I've been asleep. I'll just run over to the brewery at once.' He suited the aotion to the word; that is to say he walked as fast as some would run. There was a flitting light about the brewery yard, and Harold found from the one man in the place that the brewer had returned soon after dark, and had taken out the horse himself, sending all th© men away, because he wanted them to come to work at 4 in the morning. ' I b'lieve, Mr. Harold,' the man continued* 'you'll find the master up by the copper. I can't light you up myself, for I've got orders not to leave the furnace till half past 11, and then I have to be off home, so as to be here early in the morning.' ' Thanks,' said Harold, taking a hntern. * I haven't run up and down this brewery aver since I can remember without knowing my way about. I'll find him.' A brewery after dark is a somewhat uncanny place. It abounds in stairs, stages, vessels round and vessels square, pipes, wooden gutters, open roofs, and blaok rafters, aad is consequently full of shadows. This night Bellford Brewery seemed particularly silent and shadowy. The stairs and planks and floors seemed to creak more than ever Harold remembered, and he shivered as he gained the landing upon whioh the big copper was fixed. A single jet of gas burned small, and a voioe—a startled voice— demanded: ' What do you want here P' ' It is Harold Campion,' was the reply. Then from the gloom beyond the copper came Mr. Murtock, looking soared, and, by way of ex planation, saying,' Why, Harold, jou frightened me. I thought it wus Bob deserting bis post at the furnaoe.' Then they both laughed, and Mr. Martock, standiog firm at the end of the staging, with Harold at the bottom of the short flight of steps, waited to hear the latter's errand. ' I won't keep you, Mr. Martook,' be said, 'from your brewing} but there it something wrong at the office about that receipt I showed you last week for £864 odd. Do you remember my handing it to you on Honey wood Hill P' • Most deoidedly. I remember it well. Light blue paper, properly stamped, and signed " Tom B arris, pro J. B. Harris," in bold letters, written, as I thought a$ the time, with a broad* nibbed quill. Oh! yes; I remember it very well.' 'Thanks,' replied Harold. * That's what I want. That is what I want you to tell Mr. Harris to-morrow.' ' Certainly, certainly,' Martook said, with hie eyes to the floor. It now struok Harold Campion that Martook look-d pale, worn, abstracted, and this he put down to the man's own troubles. The thought prompted him to enquire in a kindly manner— ' Any good news for yourself, Mr. Martook P Any daylight ahead V Casting a searching burried glance upon the young man, the brewer said, *£hP Daylight ahead! Well, perhaps; perhaps not. You see I've always this consolation—l'm insured for a thousand.' Then he began to whistle softly, and Campion said, ' Good-bye till to-morrow, then.' ' Certainly,' Martock replied, vaguely. Harold Campion descended to the ground floor, deposited his lantern on the upturned cask where it was generally placed, and went home, thinking that Martock's manner was at least strange, indeed almost discourteous. But the receipt business was now settled, as Mr. Harris, of Wyndhurst, would discover before he was many hours older. ' Have you seen him P* asked his father, who was waiting up for him. 1 Yes, father. He distinctly remembers seeing and handling the receipt, and will verify as much to-morrow morning to Mr. Harris.' 'So far so good, but it looks a very ugly business to me, and though I know you have done nothing worse than neglect your and my basinets, my boy, I am afraid the same can't be laid of young Harris. We must wait tfll to-morrow anyhow.' 'I am very sorry, father; it shall teach me a lesson,' said Harold, in deep dejection, lighting his bedroom candle, and saying a humble ' good-night.' Chaptib V. A PECK 07 THOUBLW. A country lawyer who eDjoys the confidence of a dozen county families, and who hat the respect of all olaaaes of the community, must be a reepeotable man, and both Mr. Harris and Mr. Campion were eminently reapeotable. The former, having headquarters in Wjndhurst, was in more extensive praotice than the latter, who kept but one olerk and a emaller establishment, but who, nevertheless, waa not a whit less esteemed and trusted than his market-town brother. Both gentlemen oultivated what are known as regular habits, and amongst them waa the habit of early rising. It was not surprising, therefore, to the Cam pion family, as they sat at breakfast, overlook ing the main thoroughfare of Bellford, to see Mr. Harris trot by on his pony. That gentle man waa known to take his * constitutional' in the shape of a ride before breakfast, and on this particular morning he had determined to corn* bine business with pleasure. The truth was, he had spent a very anxious night. His heart mis gave him as to his son with respeot to the bank note affair. A third time he had gone through the office books, and had even broken open Tom's desk, in his endeavor to discover aome entry or memorandum that would throw light upon the difficulty. It was this anxious fear, thia alter nation of hoping and dreading, whioh had brought him to Bellford. The two lawyers had a private conversation, and then walked aoross to the brewery to put the all-important question to Mr. Martook. Harold had preceded them by a few minutes. Him thoy met between the brewhouse and counting-house, about to diverge upon the path that led through the garden to the dwelling house. ' Where is Mr. Martook P' asked Mr. Harris. ' Nobody knows/ answered Harold. 'He has not been seen this morning, and all the estab lishment seems turned upside down. But lam going over to see Mre. Martook/ «What ie wrong P' asked Mr. Campion of one of the men. The men, it was now observed, were moving or standing in a parposeleea manner, and the drayman to whom the question had boon ad dressed shook his head. •What is wrong P' asked Mr. Harris of another man, who happened to be Bob, the furnaoe tender.. It transpired that there waa, for a brewery, a good deal wrong. A brewing of beer, which ehould have been in the ooolere when the men came to their work, had never been drawn off. The furnace fires had gone out, and the liquor was still in the copper. The general reader should perhaps be here in formed that the particular process of brewing with whioh we are immediately concerned is as follows :—The sweet liquor extracted from the malt, technically called wort, waa at Bellford brewery pumped up from a huge vat on the ground floor into the copper, a vessel Bft. drep and 16ft. in diameter. The more modern ap pliances of steam and coil pipea had not been introduced, but the old- fashioned furnace be neath was used. Tho fire must be kept raging for an hour and a-half or two hours, while the eontente of the copper, to whioh hopa had been added, would be kapt furiously boiling for that space of time. Then, tho boiling done, the whole prooese being carefully watched through out by a man onasiago overlooking the copptr, the liquor after a short interval should be drawn off into the shallow tanks known in the language of the brewery as coolere. What had upset the brewery men was to find that the latter essential part of the performance had been omitted; and they had been idling around for a oouple of hours, resolved to do nothing till the master arrived. This waa the condition of affairs when tho visitors appeared upon the scene. • When did you see Mr. Martook last P* Mr. Harris enquired of the head man. • Well, air, it would be about 8 o'clock. He came into the brewery and told me I might go home and send all the rest home but Tom, who was to stop to look after the furnaoe/ ' Is that uausl P* 'No, sir} contrariwise, I should say. We was to come at 4 o'olook this morning, and so we did, but the gates were looked, and we couldn't get in till the blacksmith in the village opened the forge.' •Is that usual P* • Never knew such a thing happen before.' 'Then, who did see Mr. MartookP Some body, I suppose/ said Mr. Campion. • I 'xpect Mr. Harold war the last that see him/ pat in Bob. One at least of the auditors here betrayed an extraordinary interest—namely, Mr. Harris, who glanced at Harold, and never took his eyea off him while he explained what Bob meant. ' Now then, let ns understand/ he said, • Mr. Martook goes up to watob the boiling about 10 o'olook. Yea, Bob, see him, and he tells you to keep the fire going till half- past 11. Then you are to leave without bothering him. You do leave without bothering him. But at half-past 10 Mr. Harold Campion pays him a visit. You hear them talking, but the rattle of the fire ■hovel and furnace door prevent! you hearing; when Mr. Campion leaves. Js this light P 1 ' C'reot, Mr. Harris,' said Bob. 'You, Mr. Harold, found Martock by the oopper, which you think was beginning to boil. You get from him an admission that he saw the receipt we all want so muoh to see, and a pro* mise to repeat it to mo tkis morning. You say he seemed absent-minded, and answered vaguely; and you repeat so much as you remember of the conversation | for example, that reference to his insurance.' • That it so, Mr. Harris,' said Harold. The elderly gentlemen, Harold, and Bob were by this time le(t together. The foreman, re marking that it was no u«e waiting any longer* despatched the men to their avocations. • Let us go and see Mrs. Martook,' suggested Mr. Campion. Whatever faults this lady bad, and they were grave, she was presentable at any hour of the day, and would as lief receive a caller in the morning as afternoon. Her house was alwuys neat. The gentlemen experienced no difficulty, therefore, in procuring an interview. Mrs. Martook was frostily rigid. She knew little of Mr. Martook's movements. Ho had beon muoh oooapied in the brewery for a week past, and * as he occasionally tlept on the counting-house sofa, when brewing was going forward, hi* absence oooasioned her no surprise. GidJing about at Wyndhurst most likely. The family jars of the Martooks wore, unfor tnnately, public property now, and Messrs. Harris and Campion expretsed no surprise ut the unconcern of the lady. They shrugged their shoulders in the passage, and begun to oou verse in the garden walk. • Frankly, Campion, what do you tbiuk of all thisP* asked Harris. •Oh! he will turnup byaud-by,' answered Campion. ' You mean it will turn up ?' suggested tie other. •It 1' exolaimed Campion, pausing aghuit on the gravel. 'It ? You dou\ think he bus some to harm, I hope.' 41 am talking of the receipt,' Mr. Harris ex plained. 'I fanoied you wore referring to Martock,' said Campion, with visible relief. 'As to the receipt, I don't know what to think. More to tbe purpose is—What of the bank-notes P' • Let it all rest till I hear from Tom/ said Harris, anxious to avoid the subject. Ahead of them, standing in the wioket gate way, with tbe dark green foliage of the walnut tree behind him, was Harold Campion, so white, so horror striokon, that the lawyers in* ■tinotively quickened their pace, and simul taneously enquired what had happened. Harold, without answering, but bockoniog like a dis turbed ghost, bad rushed on to the brewery. The others hurried after him across the lower floor, up the creaking stairs, towards the oopper, into which the men were peering, gesticulating, and shouting. Preiiitjg forwa d, Mr. Harris, who seemed the cooler of tho two lawyers, looked betweon the shoulders of a oouple of tkte men. The browu liquor in the oopper had been drawa off nearly to tbo dregs, but in the centre, iv a depth of three or four inches, there was visible a hoop of clothing. Bob, the fireman, on the other side of the oopper, held a fire rako in his hand, nnd to the hooked end there hung a bunch of grizzled hair, dank and dripping. 'It's Martook,' whispered Harris, drawing back to Campion's tide. • That was the general conclusion. Mr. Harris bade the men keep order, told Bob to plaoe hit rako upright in the oopper as it was; and, doing the right thing at the right moment, tent for a policeman. How does intelligence of this description fly abroad on tho wings of the wind ? The messenger met a policeman half* way from the station-house, already informed that he was wanted at the brewery. He knew no more than that. ' Wot is it?" he enquired of tbe drayman. ' Bobbery, murder, or wot P' ' Master's been and got biled to rags in the copper,' was the answer. ' Whew!' went the constable. ' That'll be a inqaest. Long time since we bad one now.' The drayman's coarsely horrible answer to the policeman was after all, roughly speaking, the fact. Two hours' immersion in a seething cauldron, kept op by the fireman beneath, all unconscious of what he was doing, to 212° Fah., had severed the poor man's flesh from hit bones. Indeed the most sickening part of the tragedy, of which every detail was too horrible to think of, was the clumsy action of Bob the fireman, who, with the same implement with which on the previous night he had kept the liquor up to dc&troyiug; point, had in the first excitement iuado uu ill-considered dive at what was teen at the bottom of the copper, and by bis violence dis mombered it into a shapeless mass. Aa the police officer had surmised, there was an inquest, with coronor, jury, witnesses, and reporton, and there was much tramping over the brewery promises to view the scene of the accident. The routine of 'orowner's quest law'— an ancient bat excellent piece of custom—was gone through. The evidonce of identification was necessarily somewhat oiroumstantial. The clothes, watch, chain, signet ring, pencil oases, buttons, pocket-knife, bunoh of keys, were sworn to positively; the medical evidence, that of the deceased's own doctor, left no doubt. An important piece of evidence waa given by Mrs. Martock, who was the calmest person in tho room, and by Suiie, whose grief was dis tressing to bohold. They swore that for three or four days Mr. Mirtook had complained of attacks of giddiness. The doctor dnposed that when he last saw the deceased he desoribed a swimming sensation in the head, accompanied by singing in the ears and olouding of the eyes. Upon this the coroner pointed out how dear the oase was; but how, upon the whole, it would be best to return an open verdict. And the verdiot was returned accordingly— Mr. Martonk was found dead in the copper: how he got there was not proved. Chaptbb VI. A BSTTTBM AND A TBIAX. That miserable village tragedy made consider able noise. It was discussed far and wide, and it was notioed that Mr. Campion and his son were little seep abroad. The loss of the receipt had not yot become publio property. The two lawyers had agreed to keep their own counsel pending the re-appearance of Mr. Tom Harris, and the manner in whioh Harold referred to his last conversation with the deceased left merely the impression that it was an ordinary profes sional question which Harold had gone to the brewery at night to ask. But Mr. Harris had his thoughts ; and Mr. Oampion had his. In the one they were hopeful that the son whom ho had feared was guilty was innocent j in the other they were alarming. Not that Mr. Cam* pion believed eril of his boy} but the astute lawyer side of his mind taught the paternal corner of his heart that a ruinous meih might at any moment be thrown over him. Threo days had passed, when Tom Harris re tamed, bearing marks of dissipation in his faoe, in his trembling hands, in his bloodshot eyes. He laughed boisterously, and swore loudly, in reply to his father, who lost no time in repeating Campion's statements as to the payment of the money. *Is that hit game ?' he roared. *Heis a liar. He never paid me a farthing. He came here cer tainly, but 'twas only to borrow a fiver from me. Here, Jerry.' To this call there entered the boy who had held Harold's horse on the day of alleged pay roent. •Do you remomber young Campion coming here just before I went to London P' he asked tho boy. •Yes, sir.' • What did he say to me as he got off tho horse P' 'He laughed and said "Ow air you orf for fivers, ole man P" ' ' Just wnat ho did say,' lightly observed Tom to his father. What in bis heart bo felt Mr. Harris did not reveal. What he hastened to convey to Mr. Oampion was that Tom swore he had never seen the bank-notes, and that Harold alone must be held aooountable. 'Do yon mean to insinuate' that my son is a thief P' angrily retorted Mr. Campion. 'My dear sir, I insinuate nothing. Let ns talk as lawyers, not as parents. Either Tom Harris pocketed that money or Harold Campion. I prefer to believe that Tom Harris did not, and the evidence is on my side.' The first shot was fired in that wsy. Harold Oampion, mad with rage, confronted Tom Harris in his father's office, accuied him of theft, first of the notes, next of the receipt. Tom Harris was insolent in his defiance; Harold lost control, and there was a scene of personal violence, out of which young Harris came mauled, and vicious. 1 You shall answer for your villany,' Harold shouted. ' Take care you htiven't to answer for murder* ing your friend the brewer,' sneered the other. Here was another shot, and the elders, who had witnessed the altercation and prevented its continuance, read in each other's eye* that a similar thought had stolen into their minds. 'At anyrate, Mr. Harris, he shall not be charged with theft. If you will oblige me with a receipt, I will give you a cheque for the amount in question. If Harold has caused me this loss, it was through accident, not crime.' For the present this disposed of the bank-notes and receipt question. Mr. Harris was the first to suggest that the thing should be hushed up. Mr. Campion said be would never rest until it was cleared up. 'Is it possible, father, that I can be suspected of—of what that eooundrel said P* asked Harold, on their return home. ' Possible, my boy; not probable I hope,' answered the father, too dejected to aay even another word during the drive. Hushing up is less easy in practice than in theory in any but the smallest households or the largest communities. Soon, too soon indeed, the story of the bank-notes and reoeipt was in every month. The oharaoter of Tom Harris fitted best with a charge of fraud, for the young man's loose life and vioious habits were notorious; as notorious as Harold Campion's integrity and steadiness. Many absolutely re fused to believe that the latter bad done wrong; they had faith as strong as his father, or his sad sweetheart, Susie Martook. Some believed in a myßtery—in a missing link yet to come. But undoubtedly the majority were ot opinion that Harold Campion had yielded to temptation and got into a precious mess. The Campions were aware of the cloud under which they lived. It was a sorrowful house hold. Harold's gaunt appearance, born of despair because he was unable to prove himself a true man, proved how much he suffered. The trouble told upon his father too, and his mother, but they loyally believed in the youth's inno cence } perhaps believed in it all the more be* oause oiroumstanoes were so cruelly against him. The winter was now coming on apaoe 5 har vest was over, and men had leisure to gossip with a thoroughness compatible only with com fortable chimney corners. The outcome of the gathering rumor and gossip was built up in these November days, and it was a suggestive para, graph in the Wyndhurtt Chronicle, setting forth that strange rumors were afloat respecting the Bellford tragedy, and that the suspicions of fonl play against a certain young gentleman were so strong that the authorities ought to in* vestigate them. Mnoh of what followed may be read in the newspapers of the day. A very similar course is pursued, with here and there a variation to suit special circumstances, whenever the wheels of justioe are set in motion. The local sergeant of police shared the general liking of the Bellfordians for the Campions, and he went through the ugly preliminaries with kindly resolve to spare as much bitterness as possible. Father and son had foreseen that this cup of sorrow must be presented, and drained 1 and when at last the sergeant walked into the office, though the old man's heart stood still for a moment, he knew what was wanted. Harold knew also. He kissed both father and mother, and gave himself up. Tho prisoner's demeanor in court, his pre vious oharaoter, the extreme improbability of his committing ao foul a crime for so small a motive, and the complications of the ease told in his favor, but the magistrates, at they said, had no alternative but to send the oase for trial. At the assiies the oounsel for the defence, though strongly against Mr. Campion's advice, ingeniously worked out the theory that Andrew Martock had committed suicide. To this the jury lent an attentive ear. Had the prisoner been charged with stealing the bank-notes they would perhaps have been against him j bat it was a charge of wilful murder they had to try, and upon that, after a long sensational trial, he was acquitted. The verdiot in Scotland would have been 'Not Proven,' but 'Not Guilty' equally well gave Harold Campion his freedom, and be was warmly congratulated by a sympathising seotion of the public In the private room of the hotel at which the Campions stayed that night, Harold Campion thus delivered himself:— 'It was God's meroy that acquitted me. If I had been a juryman I should have found myself guilty. When the prosecuting oounsel laid the case before the jury it seemed to me simply un answerable. I almost believed that I had stolen the money and pushed poor Martock into the copper that he might not prove I had never shown him the receipt. Tom Harris's lies were told more plausibly, and seemed more unanswer able, than your trutha. God forgive him. I'll—' He did not finish the sentence, for a mother's band was put over the quivering lips to prevent the threat that would have been vowed. The. majority of the folks in the district where the Campions were known rejoiced in tbe righteousness of the verdiot. Mrs. Martook and Susie were amongst the first to assure Harold that they had never even in their inner most hearts suspected him. But he chose to regard himself as a suspected man, with a mis sion to perform ; and in pursuance of that mis sion be never lost sight of Tom Harris. He would often ride over to Wyndhurst in order to slowly pass the office windows and satisfy him self that his traducer was t*»;re; would put himtelf in his way that he might get the better of an insatiable longing to throttle the truth out of him. The memory of tho ride down Honey wood Hill always kept his purpoßehigh, and his fathor viewed with apprehension the unhealthy idea which had taken possession of him to the exclusion of all else. And so time passed ; one year, and then another. Harold Campion kept to his inflexible purpose, and, if he had himself permitted it, would hare lived down tho suspicion under which he had labored. He had pledged his word never to address another word of affeotion to Susie until he could proclaim his innocence, and Susie was content to wait. The brewery was still known as Martook's, for Mrs. Martook heraelf took the business in hand, and by the assistance of a shrewd brother did what her huaband had never done ; ahe mado it pay. Once only waa ahe heard to expreaa regret at ber husband's un* timely and swift death, and that was in con* sequence of the insurance company declining to pay the 'thousand pounds on the deceased's policy. They took advantage of tbe suioide theory launched at the assizes, and approved of in the papers afterwards, and Mrs. Martook did not contest the point. * ' Poor Andrew,'she said, with more tender* ness of tone than any of ber friends had ever before heard; 'he thought to leave us that thousand pounds, and now he has sacrificed himself for nothing. Heaven rest him! There were many worse men than Andrew Mar took.' 'He's slipped me; I feared it all along,' . Harold shouted, bursting into the dining-room one day. He had been out riding, and had kept dinner waiting. •WhoP What P'.asked the old gentleman, glad to see tbe young man exoited onoe more, ii even in a questionable cause. 1 The perjurer—the thief Harris—gone! Left the country,' continued Harold, pacing the Brussels oarpet. He had learned tbe news at Wyndhurst. Tom Harris had run a downward race, scrape sue* oeeding s?rape, and at last, having plundered his father, he had fled the country. Harold's anger was because he had lost traoe of the fugi tive. The man had left no cluej absolutely none. Nor was a cine immediately forthcoming to friend or foe. Harold Campion seemed more oonoerned at this escape than at his own troubles of the past, and became unfitted for sooiety, business, or pleasure. But listlessly wandering through Wyndhurst he was, at dusk, about a month after the flight, accosted by a showily* dressed young woman :— ' Are you the man that hates Tom Harris P' 'lam. What of it V •Would you like to know where be is P' 'Ah 1 You will earn my everlasting gratitude If you kll me.' • Pah! It is a question of revenge and hatred, not gratitude.' 'Anything you like j only tell me how to reach him.' 'He sailed for Melbourne a fortnight since on board the Durham, under the name of Barnes —Wyndham Barnes.' The woman was only | one of Tom Harris's victims, Sho was to have been honored by partnership in his flight. Her luggage was ready, inoluding some odds and ends of portable property, fllohed at his request from a confiding aunt with whom she lived, but at the eleventh hour the traitor, traitor to the last, gave her the slip, and made off on board another ship. Woman's wit inflated with hatred, however, learned the how and the when, and she made Harold a present of her information. • Father,' that excitable young gentleman said that same night, ' if you died what sbonld I haveP' The old gentleman, shaking his head Terr sadly as if to humor htm, answered, .« You should have all I have now, dear lad, if we could see you as you onoe were.' 'Bless you, yes, good father. But we'll manage better. Give me £600, and bid me God's speed P 1 he asked. 'Not to take an enemy's life P' • No j to ask him—where's the receipt P' Ten days later Harold Campion was very sea* sick in the Bay of Biscay, but he was on tbe track of Wyndham Barnes, to meet with whom he would have been content to be seasick the whole Toyage. Ohaptib VII. THI CHAM AITD ITS tVOIL. At Melboorne Harold Campion found plenty of traces of his quarry—was, as the saying goes, on his scent erery day. Mr. Barnes had scattered his money in erery haunt of dissipa tion, had won and lost with the loathsome book* makers who taint the great City of the Sooth. The popular son of Sir Wy ndham Barnes—he was modest enough to make himself only a baronet's son—had been freely receired into society. Bat he bad gone on to Sydney, leariog debts behind him. Next Harold alighted upon his footprints on board tie City of Adelaide to Sydney, and in that city was at fault for a month, champing the bit of impationco as eaoh suocoeding day found him unsuccessful. 'Jhen by accident, at his hotel, he chanced to converse with a Melbourne gentleman who had known the gifted genius of Wyndhurat, and who afforded material assistance. Botwcen them they discovered how Mr. Wjndhain Barnes had arrived at the end of his tether, und being obeated over much, and being unable to cheat longer, had skulked into the steerage of the Elamang, and sailed for Briabano, leaving the head waiter of the Royal lamenting on the wharf. Brisbane is not a good city of refuge for a scoundrel who is too thoroughpaoed. A sharper passing as a count or a prince might fall into clover if he managed his affairs disoreotly, as did that famous valet who played the count to such profitable tune; but Tom Harris was not equal to the finer touches. He arrived in Brisbane as a vagabond, vegetated aa such in the back streets, and, with two other devils worse (if possible) than himself, tramped to Gympie. Unallured by the seductions of Brisbane, Harold took ooaoh in pursuit, bewailing that the time lost here and there amounted to a big total. He was now looking for ono Tatty Robin* ■on, and at Gympie he enlisted the tervioes, out of sheer goodwill, of a popular publio man who had somehow come into collision with the truant, and thrashed him within an inch of his life for striking a woman. This good Samaritan's name was G-ail, and Mr. Gail knew the heads of polioe, and how to secure their co-operation. Mr. Tatty Robinson had apparently entered into the profession of strolling digger, proving himself aa adept at the sponging branch of that calling. Harold and his new friend followed him up by weary marches, until at the end of a hot dusty day they arrived at the Blutherago goldfields—a riohly payable region which had been just disoovered, and was consequently popu* lated by the heterogeneous samples of the human species to be found nowhere else in the wide world to suoh perfection as on a ' rush.' * Good day t'ye, Mr. Gail. How d'ye do. You stuok up for us nobly over that blooming bill. What's your pison f said a digger sitting on a gin case outside his tent. * Good day, Bandy. You know I don't drink. Making your pile P' 'No i but there's a bloomin' old fossiokerhere as is. Quiet feller > but he's got your disease, Mr. Gail—be don't drink.' • What name P' asked Gail. • Come and ask for yourself,' the man replied, throwing his pannikin aloft into his oomrade'a bunk. ' Come along, and if I don't see you again—hilloa I' With which bit of 'patter' he led the way to the outskirts of the oanvaa settlement. In a tiny hut there sat a bent feeble-looking old man, scarred on one cheek, probably by a gun powder explosion. He was tho fosgickor alluded to, and on the pallet by which ho sat there lay a big fellow in a drunken stupor, his face down* wards. ' Is your mate better ?' asked the guide. 'Got over them D. T.s by this time, 1 suppose t* IHe is better' said the old man gruffly. Here he stopped short, for he had caught sight of Harold Oampion, and was staring at him, who on his part had caught sight of tho stertorous breather on the bed, and looked at nothing else. Oampion pushed by Mr. Gail, thrust the digger aside, dashed at the bunk, and gripped its inmate. ' This is my man,' he shouted. Stand back. Get up, Tom Harris— Where'» the receipt V 'Here's the receipt, Harold,' said the old fossioker, taking the very much wanted docu ment out of his pocket. 'It's Andrew Martook 1' Harold shrieked, fainting off into Gail's arms, as neatly as any tight-lacing young lady could do. Of course the murder is out at last. Andrew Martock had not been boiled to rags in his own copper ihe had not oommitted suioid*. He bad merely adopted a rather original method of cutting the gordian knot of bis difficulties, and of, as he hoped, leaving his family the richer by £1000. As soon as Harold came to, under the skilled treatment of Mr. Gail, who thought, until he understood the whole case, that he had come amongst a paok of lunatics, he was feverish to hear the story, though it was observed that he did not part with the receipt. Martock noticed some new expression on Harold's face when he referred to the £1000, and broke off to remark :— ' You remember I was insured for a thousand, Harold V ' I remember it well, but the office wouldn't pay it. You committed suicide, you know, friend Martock,' ' No, no! I saw a paper on this very gold field with the report of a charge against some* body for mmrdering me. It was murder, not suicide.' Explanations and re-explsnttions followed thick and fast. Martock had not reckoned upon the theory of suioide. All other chances —the affected giddiness in the head, the sending away the men, the dressed-up skeleton—he had managed to a nicety. He bad quite forgotten, however—if, indeed, in his self-absorption he had heard—Harold's request on the memorable night that he would see Mr. Harris in the morning about the receipt. Indeed, for several weeks about that poriod he thought he was just a trifle deranged, for he remembered after a term of prostration at sea waking with a weight removed from his understanding and a film from his eyes. Did he never intend to go home P No ; but he had it few bags of dust, and intended to send for his wiie and Susie, and was contem plating that course when drunken roaring Tom Harris appeared. Martock had read the case in the English newspapers, and, had not 'Harold been set free, would have started baok at onoe at all costs, and confessed all. Harold, Martook, and Gail spent a long merry night, Harris snoring, and occasionally ■hrieking. The fellow had been reoognised by Martook at onoe, and kept under surveillance until he found the missing receipt, and tome other documents abstracted from his father's office were brought to light. He had found them two hours before Harold arrived, and, though he had no reason for supposing that the young man was in the country, had instinctively felt that he would some day have the oppor tunity of restoring the receipt. Tom Harris never explained why he kept the receipt. It was probably one of those half superstitions, half-involuntary aots which are intended after all to lead to important reaults. Nothing would induce Andrew Martook to return to Bellford. He sent Harold home with ample instructions bow to act. Old Harris acknowledged the receipt} Harold's innocence was advortised in tho prinoipal metropolitan and county papers; Matter Jerry came for ward and admitted he had heard Tom Harris on that autumn day with which the story began shout, ' I never saw so many £10 notes in a heap in my life before } and in a sample bag, toot' Also, that he was threatened, cajoled, and bribed into silenoe, and was afraid after* wards to tell the truth. Bellford remains mystified to this day. "Why Mrs. Martoek should have sold the brewery has never beec explained to, it. They could under stand the marriage of Harold Campion and Susie Martook in Bellford Church on merry frosty Christmas morning, and alto why Mrs. Martook went away with her daughter and son* in- law. But how much more would they have been mystified had they been told that Andrew Martoek was still alive, somewhat damaged in appearance by the misadventure in the first blasting at which he asiisted, more aged and worn, bat still alive and well. And they are a happy united family at this mo* ment not a hundred miles from Dunedin. Mrs. Martook has oast off the vinegar of the old days, and tinged herOhristianity with aglow of humility and peace. Martock says he was insured for a thousand after all—a thousand compensations for past troubles and errors. THI BUD. 