COUNTRY NEWS. MESSRS. Ramsay, Gillies, and Bent, were entertained at a banquet in Hamilton on Friday night, 7th inst. SOME very heavy weather was experienced in the Western District on Saturday. A heavy thunderstorm passed over Hamilton about noon, and the lightning struck three of the telegraph poles between there and Dunkeld, and split the wires. Shortly afterwards a severe hailstorm came up from the south-west, and changed the whole appearance of the ground, leaving it as white as though snow had fallen for a considerable length of time. IT is stated that on the 6th inst., at Belfast, a bottle was picked up on the beach near Armstrong's Bay, which contained a short narrative about the missing ship, Knowlsey Hall. The statement inclosed in the bottle is written in pencil, and narrates that the Knowsley Hall had been lost on the Crozet Islands, all hands perishing excepting three. The survivors of the wreck were on the Islands, where they had been suffering great distress, having to exist on shellfish. This document bears the date of the 23rd February, 1880, and purports to be signed John Webster, passenger. It is most likely that the affair is a cruel and stupid hoax. Captain Payne has calculated the distance from the Crozet Islands, and finds that it is about 4090 miles, in order to accomplish that distance, the bottle would have had to travel fifty-five miles a day. The writing on the paper was evidently fresh, as the gloss of the lead can be distinctly seen. Captain Payne is of opinion that the message is a fraud, but the Premier, in order to set all doubts at rest, decided to telegraph to Hong Kong, where H.M.S. Counts is stationed, and ascertain whether anything was seen of a wreck, or of any persons on the Crozet Islands, when the Comus was cruising round. The Admiralty was also to be communicated with to ascertain whether any seaman or other person named "John Webster" was on the articles or among the passengers of the Knowsley Hall when she sailed from London. MR. RICHARDSON, draper, of Talbot, by some accident, got carried away from the Maryborough station on the steps of one of the carriages of the train arriving at Mary borough at 1 a.m. on Sunday morning. The guard reported to the stationmaster that he felt the train go over something. The station master proceeded to the spot in the train, and found the body of Mr. Richardson about a mile and a half from Talbot, much disfigured. THE Hamilton Spectator learns with regret that the Rev. J. J. Herbert, who has for some time past been officiating with the Rev. J. Hoyne in that district, is about to be removed to the pastoral charge of Mortlake. THE Guildford correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail writes that the slugs have, by their numbers, fairly overcome the gardener, and as they team by the million, all of the usual and even unusual remedies have been applied to the extermination of the pest, but without success. A DARING attempt to garrote Mr. Richard Clark, civil engineer, Campbellfield, was made on Friday night, 7th inst., between eleven and twelve o'clock. He was proceeding to his home through Mr. Gibbs's paddock when he was attacked by a man. His chain was snatched off his watch, but he managed to escape after a severe tussle. SAYS the Warrnambool Standard of the 6th inst., the low price of potatoes at Mount Gambier, where they are quoted, at £1 10s. a ton, has led farmers and others there to con- template the manufacture of farina. Before taking any decided step, however, they took the wise precaution of despatching Mr. Umpherston to Warrnambool for information. Mr. Umpherston, who visited Warrnambool last week, telegraphed to Mount Gambier that after careful inquiry he had come to the conclusion that the attempt to manufacture farina from potatoes at Mount Gambier would be useless. THE sale of an immense pastoral property is recorded in the Central Australian, Bourke. It is situated in Northern Riverina. That paper says:—"Sir Samuel Wilson is no longer owner of the Toorale, and Dunlop stations. Messrs. M'Caughey Bros. and D. Wilson have purchased Toorale, with 120,000 sheep, and the North Darling Back Blocks, the former comprising 1,400,000, acres and the latter 500,000 acres, for a lump sum of £143,000. Messrs. M'Caughey Bros. and Wilson are also the purchasers of Dunlop, 800,000 acres, with the sheep thereon, for £145,000. A sale aggregating nearly 3,000,000 acres, over a quarter of a million of sheep, and purchase money totting up to near £300,000, is not to be chronicled every day." WIND and sea were so high at Queenscliff on Sunday that it was with great difficulty the health officer and his crew got over to the Quarantine Station next day. Dr. Williams was submerged to the waist by a sea that swept the jetty at the moment he was endeavouring to get to his boat. When about half way across, a heavy sea struck the boat, throwing her on her beam-ends, and jerking the coxswain overboard. He luckily got hold of the gunwale with one hand when the boat was righting, and the crew instantly lowering the sails, pulled him on board again. On the return trip from the quarantine station, the boat did the distance across from jetty to jetty in less than 18min. THE receipts of the Malmsbury railway station, says the Mount Alexander Mail, have diminished by 75 to 80 per cent. since the opening of the Daylesford railway, and the station is about to be worked with one porter and an assistant. AN accident of a peculiar nature happened one day last week to Mounted-constable O'Meagher, of Corop. Whilst on his return from the Rochester Court, as he was riding through the bush, a flock of birds, commonly known as minahs, flew from a tree, and one struck him in the face with its bill and caused such injury to his left eye that he fears he has lost the sight of it. He is at present under medical treatment at the Mel bourne depot. THE warden (Mr. J. G. Taylor) of the Tarrengower mining division reports to the Mining department that the yields from the quartz mines in that district show a considerable improvement. ON Saturday afternoon the Minister of Mines, Mr. R. Clark, was presented at the Sandhurst Town Hall with a silver tea service, a piece of plate and an illuminated address, couched in most congratulatory terms regarding his past career. " A GOLDEN wedding," says the Geelong Advertiser, " was celebrated at Clarke-street, Chilwell, Geelong, on Friday, 7th inst, the happy couple being Mr. Samuel Mead and his wife, who were married at Tiverton, Devon, England, on 7th May, 1830, and who arrived in Geelong at the end of the year 1852, and brought with them four daughters and three sons, three daughters and three sons being still alive and all married, their progeny making the old couple grandfather and grandmother of twenty- eight grandchildren, all at present living, together with seven great grandchildren, all living. The aged pair are as lively and sprightly as many a couple just united in the bonds of wedlock. Mrs. Mead is over 70 years of age, and Mr. Mead is in his 70th year. Since their arrival in Victoria they have only had occasion to pay one guinea for medical advice, which speaks well for the health and climate of our happy land." IN the Kilmore Free Press of 6thMay, wefifid the following:—"We have been informed, and that upon reliable authority, that Ned Kelly, the leader of the gang of outlaws, has been seen very recently in the Benalla district. We have heard it stated that tlje proceeds of the Euroa and Jerilderie robberies are nearly exhausted, and the gangi }to still secure the allegiance of their allies, ypll be bound to make a further movement, to augment their ill-gotten funds." , IN this matter-of-fact style the Portland Guardian explodes a ghost story:—A story has been going the rounds to the effect that some time before his death there appearedTto the late Archdeacon Innes the ghost ofc e former scripture reader, which warned the rev. gentleman of his approaching demise, and in reference thereto the Hamilton Spectator gives what it states to be the true version of the strange affair, as follows:—"Mr. Lissiman did not die at the parsonage; aid the archdeaton never 1 wrote that he «aw-Mr. Lissiman ' standing at the study table' 1 trior anywhere else after death. What the archdeacon really wrote was shown to us with a request that we would not publish it, afit it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his relatives. As some other frfend of the family has, however, with questionable taste, thought proper to' furnish a TBrysdiBtorted version of iJie affair to the public, are have been asked to, state toiat, the morning before his death, the Vcn. ' Archdeacon Trifles wrote and gave the Rev. J. W. Artbld a memo., of which the following is a copy, viz.: 'A few nights after poor Litwiman's death, !' waSinhiahouw hlone^'-and his room rattled so that Lxan up to see what it was! £ looked into the dark loom am sate nothing, so I siid, with a la- 'It most be old LtsmmanwantF* Thenlhiul an answer,'o but. such as pouiily a spirit o» '6onv§y, : Never mind, you'll 1 follow. ~ me fc/wniyj,"It was gingular, I never italics are our "dim.)' month before tha'arob expired less tfinxL twaiJty-four hours, after writing ihe aitignlnr mnmo. wt havBib$em aliedupontopublish. • • >j' 