ORIGINAL POETRY. 'BUT ONE AMONGST THE MANY!' ' But one amongst the many !' 6ft I hear These few snort words expressed in dif ferent senses ; , ? And oft I think to the reflective ear They must convey profound significances. I have ajshild most dear, a pleasant lisper, In my fond eyes superior to any ; But still these words come in a spiteful whisper ' Dote as you may, but one amongst the many P And as the artless graces do appear, And my paternal breast with joy is surg ing; *' Bat one amongst the many .!' in my ear From some' low. voice in undertone keeps dirging. I look into the voice of her I love, And feel exultant o'er my precious trea sure, ¥ But -me i amongst the many P from above : JEalls like a frost, and modifies my plea -...- sure. Surely I think I am of great importance, 'There are few like me in the world, if any; And still' the echo comes in fiendish eportance, ' Vain mortal down, but one amongst the many V When heavy sickness presses sorely on me, When sorrow's sky descends both cold and rainy, And even when fortune's joy-beams play '_. Around me T hear the chime, *? But one amongst the many !' And when death calms and the grave doth receive me, And friends with solemn faces gather near it, 'But one amongst the many!' will not leave me, ' Even o'er my grave 'twill sound and they will hear it. Xike an ominous ghost in every by-way, On every summit, and in shady hollows, In crowded cities, and on every highway, .:Where'erIgo this dread detractor follows. And let it follow ; if it draws me closer Unto my fellow- creatures and relieves me jFrom overweening pride, 111 be no loser, Though oftentimes its Btern monitions grieves me. Some consolation I can also gather When walking 'monget my sisters and my ~ brothers, From this perceptor (stern itmay be rather) ; If X am such then bo are all the others. For when I look upon earth's surface, teem ing With population from the warm equator To either Pole; poor foolish dreamers, dreaming About themselves and their concernments greater. The rich man, and the poor man, and the vain man, The high aristocrat with manner thaney, The statesman proud, who thinks himself the main man, They're after all ' But one amongst the many. Fair scornful ladies, and imperious madams, Sweet smiling fops, dear little consequen tial, And dashing, downy belles, unlike to Adam's Pure perfect beauty with love's plain cre dentials. To each and all the estimate may be, Spoken or whispered, but, alas, how vainly ; My friend, the words are just to you and me, ' But one amongst the many !' take it plainly. It. Caldwkix. January, 1880. 