[?] JUST AS I AM. BY MISS BRADDOF, Author 'fif Si Lady Audley's Secret? '** Taken at the Flood? 'A: Strange World? ' Dead, Men? s Shoes? *' Weavers arid Weft? $c.t$c. ''-- [Fublisied by special arrangement with the Asthox. Ail rights reserved.] Chaper IX. — Guilty. The next witness was a man who had known Humphrey Vargas when he lived at Austhorpe, and who. identified him as an . agricultural laborer who had worked at one iime for Mr. Blake, and and had opcupied a cottageon Ms estate; This mail described 1 low Vargas had offended Mr.' Blake by poaching' on the Tarigeley preserves, and how he and his wife had been turned out of their home, neck and crop, a day or two before the birth of his last child. The 'wife died Within a weak of her confine ment, and Vargas had attributed her death to the agitation and discomfort caused by their sudden shift of quarters from a decent, weather-tight cottage, to a wretched hovel in one of the lanes near Austhorpe. He had expressed himself strongly about Mr. Blake's conduct, and shown himself vindictive. .Soon after his 'wife's death he left Austhorpe, abandoning his young ~ family to the care of the parish. The wife Lad been a steady, ' h^rdwbrMng woman, but Vargas had been scampishly disposed at his best, not an habitual drunkard, but1 going on the drink at odd times and in clined to be: idle. Of this witness Mr. Tomplin^leclmed to ask any questions. Then came 1h© evidence of the Great Barfbid^pawnbroker, at whose shop 'Vargas had pleflged Mr. Blake's watch and chain, and who had been able to pick him ; out from among six men and identify him with- ; out a minute's hesitation. This witness was eeaichpgly Interrogated by -Mr. Tptnplin, who did all he could to shake his testimony/ and to make him appear a twaddling old fool, but without success. After this followed the evidence of the late police-constable of Austhorpe, a tooth less old man who had been: superannuated twelve years ago, but whose memory seemed unimpaired by time. He described how he had assisted at the tracing of foot prints in the muddy road, hardened by a mght'sfrost, which footprints had been since found to correspond with the form and size of the prisoner'sifeet with singular distinct ness. Here, again, the counsel for the defence tried the forensic art of ridicule, but with no more effect than in the case of the pawnbroker, save so far as the eliciting of some idle laughter from the groundlings. The next and last witness was. the tramp, 'William Seaffers, otherwise Carotty Bill, who deposed to being in Vargas's company in the hopfields^ near Oobham, in Kent, and parting with ism on the road to Daleshire. Be described how they had afterwards met \- ? fcy accident at Blackford, and how1 Vargas ?had then been flush of coin. ? 'He?d done a -'job somewheres in the country as had put a few- pounds in his pockets, he ses,' pursued Mir. Seaffers, who discoursed as freely and as pleasantly in the ?witness-box as if he had been sitting by a taproom fire. His degagt attitude; as he lolled with iolded arms, upon theVfronfc ol the box, was calculated to assure the jury : of his perfect candor and friendliness. He; kept a bit of istraw -at one corner of his; mouth, which he chewed occasionally, as if L for refreshment, and he occasionally spat in u. gentlemanly manner upon the floor of the box. 'He stood sam for a pot o* pongeld,' continued Mr. Scafiers, '? and narchurly we gottalkin'. He told me he meant -to go across the 'erring, pond and try his- luck ;iri Meriky as, soon as tihe winter was over;* 1 aret him if he'd got enough money to pay his passage, and he ses he/ has;, and I ses that must ha' been a profitable job ,as. he'd done in Daleshire, and he ses it; were a bit o!luck- and no mistake, and he only wished he could bej as lucky every month in the year, and then he ; wouldn't quarrel with , fortune nor trith nobody.' ?_. . y (Mr. Templing in .cross-examination^ bore v rather hardly upon the witness,, but was t ablenejther to shake Mr.Scaffer'^itestimony '; nprto disturb his equanimity, v He was quite agreeable to answer any number of questions that might be put to him, and seemed to look upon the whole business as a pleasant chat, which gave free scope to his conversational powers. He explained the meaning of various slang words, which liad given color and vividness to his phraseology. He told the jury that pongelo was a familiar name for half-and- half,; and futher explained that half-and-half was a mixture of ale and porter. Nothing could be more affable than his manner to the counsel, save perhaps those nods and winks with which he sought to establish an un derstanding betweenhimself and the, jury. 'May I enquire how much of your life has been spent out of gaol during the last twenty years?'' asks Mr. Tomplin.: : ' That's a pint of hetiquette for his honor to decide,' answered the imperturbable Seaffers. ' I should call it a*hunwarrant able invasion of a gentleman's private life.' 'That will do, sir ; I think you have wasted the time of this court quite, long enough,' said Mri Tomplin, shortly. 4-1 leave it to the fury's own powers to diskiver which of us two has been a f rit- terin' away their valuable time since eleven o'clock this morning,' answered Seaffers. This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. Tomplin then began his defence. He started by admitting that he had a difficult task before him. Here was a man who stood before them self-accused of a terrible crime, whose own lips had given the chief evidence against him; a man who had of his own free will surrendered his liberty, and invited the last punishment which the law could inflict. Yet in the face of this confession he should ask the jury to consider the case before them with minds unprejudiced by the prisoner's own statement, and to examine that statement as if it had been the evidence of an inde pendent witness. He asked them to con sider that there was actually nothing in all - they had heard to-day to connect met pri soner with the murder of 'Walter Blake, though there was certainly some ground for Relieving that he had become possessed ' of the murdered man's watch and chain, and had converted, them for .his own benefit. 'You have been told by Dr: Brudenel,' pursued Mr. Tomplin, u that in his opinion, both at the time of tile inquest and at the present time, the wounds from which Mr. i3lake died, were inflicted by a sharp-edged, jagged piece of weed, such as a hedge stake, and- not by the smooth knob of a cudgel. I ask you, gentlemen, to consider this point in the evidence, and I ask you still more closely to consider the palpable improbabilities in the tale told ,by the prisoner. You are asked to believe that he, a half-starved tramp, footsore and weary, was able to stop Mr. Blake, a powerful man, mounted on ,a powerful horse, that he was able to drag him oS his horse and so belabor him with a cudgel that he died. .Does it not seem more rea sonable to suppose,; ?gentlemen, that the murderer of Mr. Blake was a man of his own age, of powerful frame, like his own, mounted as well as he was mounted, able to attack hitn forn upon equal terms'; not a poor, crawling hound whom . the Squire of Tangley could have swept oiit of his path as he would liave spurned any four-footed cur that yelped and 'snapped at his. horse's legs. Gentlemen, you have to look, deeper than this starving wayfarer's hunger for . the motive of this crime. You have to look for it great wrong: and a desperate re venge. You have to look for one of those terrible domestic mysteries which underlie the smooth surface of society. You have to scrutinise the garbled page before you, and to read between the lines. ??' And new, gentlemen, as for the motive of this confession — the motive which' can impel a man at large, unsuspected, free to breathe air of heaven, to give/jup his liberty and imperil his life — I think you will find it easier to discover a motive, or motives, strong enough to induce an innocent man to accuse nimself of a crime which he has not committed than to reconcile the' im probabilities in the prisoner's account of a supposed murder; We all know of that thirst for notoiiety which exists in some uneducated minds — a inorbid desire to astonish— to be talked about and pointed at and thought famous, were it after the vilest fashion. Such a desire may have influenced the prisoner when he leapt in a~ J moment from the dull .bbscurity'of: want and houselessness to the distinction of h ^ujpppsed murjJerer, atnan to be interviewed by newspaper correspondents, and to have his portrait m the penny dreadfuls. Grentle men, we make too much of our criminals. There is a Victoria Cross for crime as there is for valor, A man springs into fame as surely by the commisEion of a monstrous crime as a general by winning a great battle. we nave maae a step xowaras \ civuizauon by doing away with public hangings,' but we ehall make a longer ' step into the light' when we cease togloat over the details of crime, and to award the glory of a waxwork apotheosis to the thief and the assassin. The thirst for notoriety* gentle men, is one obvious motive for such a : con fession-; add to- this' the desperation of a wretch whose only freedom was the liberty to starve by the way side or rot in a -iitch. Perhaps, had the- workhouse been more accessible, Humphrey - Vargas would' not have thrown himself -into gaol, but who would hesitate, as a mere question of per sonal cpmfor^ between the casual ward and the- county, prison. Homeless, in rags, starving^ Vargas saw but one certain refuge -open to him, and that refuge was a gaol. He had tasted its comforts before, as a common felon; he pined for the more indulgent treatment of a murderer. He reckoned on the chances against the extreme penalty of the law. He argued with himself that a man moved by remorse, pentitent, abjectj confessing to a crime committed-twenty years ago, would be sure of lenient treatment. Mercy would inter vene to modify the severity of the sentence. He risked the hazard of the die, and stands before you to-day, bearing on his coun tenance the stamp of his character, a pro duct of our nineteenth century civilization,' untaught, unfed, unclothed, uncared ? for, a creature whose final hope on earth is the decent shelter of a gaol/' - .Mr; Canning Russell replied with sober brevity to the arguments for the- defence* -: He^said that a man who accused himself of a murder was, unless mad or drunk at the ; time of ;his- confession, supposed to; know his own mind. This man had been: neither drunk nor mad. , He had. given a\conscien tious narrative, a narrative sustained by the evidence, medical and otherwise., t Mr. Bussell alluded with some; contempt to the nice distinction between a wound Jfioma. stake and one caused by a bludgeon ot cudgel. . ,a ; l , ?' Gentlemen,' -he exclaimed, /'I do not believe the whole College of; Surgeons would be able to tell one from the other.' He dwelt on the identification of the prisoner by the pawnbroker to. whom he had pledged Mr. Blake's s watch and chain. This was conclusive evidence as to the rob bery, and was it not too much for any rea- ? sonable mind to suppose that the robbery and the murder were too distinct crimes committed by two distinct criminals,. each acting independently, of the other. -Surely the man who disposed of , Mr. Blake's, pro perty must be the man; who murdered him for the sake of that property, ,. He had to remind the jury what very. small gains had been the motive of murder in many cases that must have come within their view. As to the argument that a tramp on .foot was no. match for Mr. Blake on horseback, it had to be considered that the tramp, was a man who had led a rough out-of-door life, and belonged already, in a measure, to the criminal classes, a, man, whose thews and sinews were practised pn ^ deeo^s of violence ; and further, that the gentleman, walking his horse home from the hunt, after a long day's ride, could hardly be in the full pos session of his normal strength, but was in all likelihood exhausted and weary. , Mr, Russell concluded after briefly glanc ing at some further points in the defence, and then the, judge summed up, briefly, severely, taking care to remind the jury that the fact of a crime having been com mitted twenty years ago was np extenuat ing circumstance, that the prisoner's re morse could in nowise lessen the enormity of his guilt; that if it seemed to them that he had done this deed of which he stood ? accused out of his own mouth, he must pay the penalty of his crime. His case had been carefully heard.. He iiad been ably and exhaustively defended. .They were not to be carried away by oratory. f They were not even to be influenced by natural pity for a wretch so abject. Their duty was to arrive at their verdict upon the. evidence they had heard, looking at plain facts in tjj sober light of common sense. ~; The jury retired; and.in less than twenty' minutes returned to the box,. and after the usual formalities the jury returned the ver dict ' Guilty.' ./ '/:'.: ? '.. Thei; came:jthe solemn ^closing act of the day; The judge put on the black cap and addressed the prisoner. Coldly, gravely, he reminded ; the shivering -wretch of the magnitude of his crime, and told him what his fate was to be. There had been no re commendation to mercy from the jury. There was no hint of a possible commuta tion of the sentence from the; judge. The short winter day had worn to its close before this climax was xeached; .wax candles. had been flighted here and there, and the yellow ;flames were reflected on the black oak panelling as in turbid water. ; The faces in the, crowded court :had all. the same wan. strained look in, the dim and, unequal ?fight, i There were Btrange effects of light and shade3 as in a picture of Rembrandt. The figures of the officials moving to and fro in th-e dusk had a . goblin look. The judge projected a monstrous shadow of his wig and gown upon the ceiling. The dark crimson draperies looked black, as if the . court had been draped for a funeral. ~ Mrs. Aspihall shook out the sable tales of her mantle' and gave a shuddering sigh. '.* I had no idea the trial of a poor com mon creature could be made so interesting,' she said to Sir Everard Courtenay, who sat near her, ' Ho.w wonderfully clever those counsel are, and how warmly they -enter into it, just as if they really cared what became of the; poor creature, don't you .know.: But Vm rather glad it's all over, as I ordered my carriage for four 6'clockj and those poor chesnutsof mine must have been ; shivering for the last three-quarters of an hour. Would it be too much for me to ask you to see me through the crowd ?' ' I shall be delighted,' eaid Sir Everard. tf Your pretty little daughter ought to have been here to-day,' observed the frivo lous-matron. u She has lost a treat.' ; . . il t should be very sorry f «r my daughter to see-such a terrible scene.' \--Biit really, now, it was all so quietly done, and those counsel are such gentle manly creatures. There was nothing to off end the most sensitive mind.'1 : 'f Perhaps not, but 1 am glad Dulcie- was «ut of it,' replied Sir Everard, gravely. ^ May I offer you my arm ?' - He led the lady to her carriage, which was waiting in front of the assize court. '** Shall I drive you home ?' asked Mrs. Aepinall, when she was seated- in her snug brougham. ' It won't be far out of my way to go through Austhorpe.' ' You are very good, but I have my horse nere, ana l must ride nome as last as I can to dress for the Sheriff's dinner.' ?*? You are going to dine with Sir Nathaniel ?' ?* Yes, I am to meet the judge and the leading counsel.' ?* And you will have a delightful opportu nity of talking over the trial. I quite envy you. Shall you nde home by Austhorpe-lane, past the scene of the murder?' ' Naturally, since that is the shortest way and the best road.' ** Have you not a vague fear of seeing Walter Blake's ghost as you pass the spot to-night?' ♦' I have passed the spot any time for the last twenty vears, and have seen no ghost.' ' But this evening, when your mind ie full of the poor man, might not imagination conjure up his image ?' ' I leave the enjoyment of a vivid imagi nation to your more impressionable sex,' Mrs Aspinall. Mine is not lively enough to shape poor Blake's ghost out of the mists of evening.' ' Shadows to-night have struck more terror to the soul of Richard than can the substance of ten thousand soldiers,' quoted Mrs. Aspinall, laughingly. 'Are you made of sterner stuff than crook-backed Dick ? But you have not his guilty conscience, and that makes all the difference. When are vou going to bring Dulcie to dine with me?' u Whenever you like to ask us.' 'But that is! always. You haye a stand ing invitation to drive over and dine at the Towers in a friendly impromptu way, and you never come. You are asked to formal dinners, and' you have alwavs some; excuse for refusing. You are a positive hermit.' 'I own to a lbve' of my own ^fireside, but I like pleasant society alsoi May I bring Dulcie to-jaaorfow, if you are going tobeTathpme?' 'T shall be charmed.' 'The usual quarter to eight, I sup-' pGse?'. ;?? ???????? ;- - \^ ? , -?? \ 'Yes, good night. I am so glad* ' ; They snook hands, and the brougham drove off, leaving SW Everard standing in - front of the assize court, the observed; of* tbe little crowd waiting to see the nota bilities come out. He walked briskly off to the Peacock to get his horse, and found Morton Blake in the stable yard on the same errand. ' Well, Morton, are you satisfied now ?' he asked. '? YeB, I suppose I am satisfied, and yet I have a cufieus feeling of incompleteness in the whole thing, as if there was some thing yet wanting— as if we had reached only a preliminary stage in the discovery of the truth. Can there be anything be hind, do1 you think, Sir Everard ? Had this man any accomplice ? Was he the tool of a greater villain ?' ' My dear Morton, the whole story seems very /obvious and commonplace to the last degree—a starving wretch by the wayside — brutalised by ignorance and want— ready to commit any crime in order to prolong his worthlessiife. '';' My mind has been troubled by \ the counsel's suggestions of a deeper .motive— a/ mystery underlying the apparently commonplace story.' ' My dear -fellow, the counsel was paid to talk. He had to set up some, kind of a defence to suggest a doubt where there was no room for ddubt. Having no base, and being a man of small experience, he indulged his /oratorical powers at the expense of common sense. Shall we ride home ten gether?' . . f ' If you please.' .Their hordes had been brought out by this time. They mounted and rode under the old archway, beneath which so many a stage coach had rattled and rumbled in the days before railways. They rode slowly through the narrow town to the wide high road, bordered on each side by grassy strips of waste land, from which Austhorpe-lane diverged. 'They rode at a sharp trot after they left the town, and only pulled up their horses as they approached Blatchmardean copse, near the scene of the murder. ' . *VMy dear Mprton,it grieves Tme. to see you so pressed,' said Sir Ey^rar^j as they walked gently past the little wood. 'All has been done that can be done. Justice is satisfied. Why should the loss and sorrow of tw/e'nty 'years ago, the grief of your child hood, be suffered, to cloud your manhood with gloom. It. is hardly fair to my poor little Dulcie th^t you should so abandon your mind to one all-absorbing idea. She has had very little happiness from your society since her last sad; birthday.' ** Yes, I know I am wrong,' answered the younger man,: ' I have brooded too much upon th-? past. : 'But now, as yoirsay, justice will.be 'done. I ought toj)e^atisfied. i' fancy thatnp pop^ whose ^her^-ailoving and beloved iather-- died as inine died, cpuld ever completely, put aside: his grief for that loss. But 'I will not yield in ;an unmanly way to that morbid feeling.' My father is avenged. That ought to be enough for me. I hope you understand that through all the trouble and excitement of the last six weeks my^oye for Dulcie has not been a jot the less real and true because I have kept myself .aloof from her. I would not cloud her fair young life with my sorrow,/ and I could not take life lightly or pleasantly during that period of suspense. To-night I will put all trouble out of my mind, and will make myself happy in my darling's society.' This was said with a manly frankness, of which Sir Everard could but approve. They had passed the scene of the murder while Morton wa& speaking, and his companion saw the young man's shrinking glance at the weedy ditch, the steep bank, and the pollard oak above it, whose bare branches stood sharply out against the grey evening jsky — a perpetual sign to mark the fatal spot. What a happy evening that iwas for gentle Dulcie. She was near the. gate waiting; for her father's coming as the two men .rode into the avenue^r-a graceful little jfigure in a furred jacket, with the pale gold of her hair just visible under a coquettish little fur hat. Morton alighted quickly, and was by her side before she had recovered from her sur prise at seeing mm« ' 1 thought you were never coming here any more,' she said, it being something less than a week since his last visit. ' I did not cafe to come often while I had trouble on my mind, Dulcie. But now it is all over, I am your slave again.' 'Is the poor man going to be hanged?' asked Dulcie. 'Yes.' ' I am ? ' she was going to say sorry, but checked herself, ; warned by Morton'sJ angry glance, and slipped her hand lightly under his arm as they walked side by side to the house. 'I am glad your suspense and trouble are over,' she concluded. « We have only half-an-hour , to spend with you, Dialcie,' said Sir Everard. ' I have to dress for the sheriffs dinner, and I daresay Morton is anxious to get home and tell his people the result of the trial.' ' I am never; anxious to leave Dulcie,' answered Mprton, 'but. I have no doubt my womenkind are impatient for tidings.' ' I shall just have time to give you some tea,' said Dulcie. ' Poor things, how tired and worn out you must be. Did you get any luncheon ?' *? There was an interval for luncheon, but neither Morton nor I ate any.' ' Then you shall have some sandwiches. Our cook has a particular talent for sand wiches. She is almost as good as a Ger man. I suppose you know that, the Ger mans have a hundred and fifty different kinds of sandwiches, 'Morton ?' 'I blush to eay that I was unaware of their profound art in that line.' ' Oh, they are a great people. The greatest Egyptologists, fiddle-players, and cooks in the world.' ' Provided always that you like German cookery,' eaid Morton. Dulcie was in high spirits, delighted at getting her lover back again, forgetting for once in her life to be sorry for a woe that came within her ken. She gave Scroope her orders about the tea. It was to be something sumptuous in the way of after- ; noon teas. There were to be sandwiches and cake, and some of those grapes which were just now in their highest beauty. There was a noble fire of logs in Dulcie's room, a blaze that lit up the pots and pans and dark oak walls, and Japanese cabinets andhigh- artpiano, Thedoubleodtagonta^ble was drawn near the hearth, the' tea tray was there already, an old silver circular tray, on -a fringed crimson and: ; white damask cloth. Everything that wasrft Japanese was early English, or at least as early as Queen Anne's time. Never did a room look prettier or more comfortable on a cold winter evening. ' ? ? \ Morton went to his favorite chair in the shadowy corner screened by the angle of the pillared chimneypiece, and seated him self with an air of unqualified enjoyment; He forgot everything except thathewas with Dulcie. «H9I Sir Everard sank into his deep armchair without a word. He left the young people to be happy after their own manner. But with Dulcie her father was always fore most. ' How tired you look, dearest,' she said, leaning over him and taking his hand, ' and bow feverish your hand is. Such a long day, and the ride heme in the cold, have been too much for you.' 'Yes, dear, I am rather tired. The atmosphere of thecourt washorrible,enoiigh to cloud any man's brain. No wonder there is a good deal .of nonsense talked in law courts occasionally./' The counsel are half asphyxiated. Don't look so anxious, Dulcie. I am only tired. There is nothing else amiss with me. ' You had better not go to the dinner, father.'- ' My love, the dinner will do me good. I want the reaction of lively society after the' gloom of to-day.' \- 'Do you mean that the judge and the counsel will be lively, papa — the judge, after having condemned a man to be hanged ?' 'Do you think they ought to be in mourning for him, Duleie, or that the judge should wear the black cap at dinner ?' 'No, papa, but I cannot imagine any judge with proper ( feeling going into society and making merry after having doomed a man to death.' ' Poor Dulcie. The judges are made of harder stuff than little girls like you. They go into society, and eat and drink, and talk wisely or wittily^ as the case may be ; and I believe the hanging judges always eat the ^best dinners.' ' Dulcie sighed, and began to pour out the tea. Mortpri, who in her smiles iad for gotten all his troubles, -tid ample justice to the German sandwiches and hothouse grapes, and drank numerous cups of tea — or perhaps, as the pretty Japanese cups were very small and shallow, it may be said that he drank one dish of tea in several instalments. Sir Everard would eat nothing. He lay back in his chair, silent, prostiate, after the excitement of the day. {To he continued.) 