~ i LITEBATUE/E. Review. HISTORY AND MYSTERY OF PRECIOUS STONES. By WILLIAM: JONES, F.S.A. London, 18S0. ? -. ... 1 , l_J- X--«. 4-Un4 . lb might, perhaps, be extravagant tosayiaf Mr. Jones's style is as brilliant as his subject, bv bis volume is certainly a very fascinating om and wo are rapidly and lightly borne from " th dim arid distant ages" of legend and romance t our own more prosaic times, in its dissertation on the history and mystery of precious stonei Mr. Jones, in a shore preface, prepares us fo 'what we have to expect, and disclaims any inten tion of trenching on the province of mineralogy He has no pretensions to ada anything in th way of scientific information to tho many es eellent manuals which have been publishe by men who have made that departmeu a special study. Mr. Jones's introduc tory chapter treats of the superstitions which pre vailed in tho ancient world with respect to th occult properties of pearls and jewels, and th ?talismanic virtues attributed to them by tho vivii \- imaginations of Oriental writers. They playei an important part in the system of the Magii o i'ersia and Babylon. They were regarded witl peculiar reverence by tho Jews, and figured con ?spicuously in their religious ceremonies, as i attested by numerous passages in th< scriptures, and also in the writings of th learned Jew, Josephus. According to i rabbinical legend the names of the 12 tribes were engraved by the hand of Moses, on the precious stones which were worn on tin breast-plate of the high priest, by means of the blood of the worm sainir, a liquid so potent that it could dissolve the hardest substances. Josephus informs us that the right shoulder of the higl priest was adorned with a sardonyx in the shape of a button, which, when Jehovah was present at the sacrifice, blazed with dazzling lustre, and in like manner, when the high priests breast-plate became supernaturally resplen dent on the eve of a battle, it invariably presaged victory for the host of Israel. But thc breast-plate and the sardonyx had ceased to shine for 200 years before Josephus wrote his book ; " God having been displeased with the trans gression of His laws." The Arabs, like theil neighbours the Jews, ascribed mysterious powers to precious stones; a superstition which Mahomet sagaciously incorporated in the Koran. .One of the oldest of their traditions was that of the Kaaba stone at Mecca. It was said to have fallen from Heaven, and to have been placed in the temple by Ishmael and hie father Abraham. The stone, it seems, was ori ginally the angel who was appointed to watch over Adam in Paradise, and who, as punishment for his negligence, was changed into that substance. Wheu first inserted in the wall of tho Kaaba it was of a pure white colour, but has since become blackened by the kisses of sinful mortals. At the last day, however, it will resume its original form, and bear witness before Allah in favour of all true believers who have duly per formed the pilgrimage to the holy oity. " The superstitions of the Jews," says Mr. Jones, " with regard to precious stones, became engrafted on tho Arabian philosophy, from which they were propagated over Europe, and continued so late as the visionary experiments of the famous Drs. Dee and Kelly in the last quarterof the 16th century." Some of the medioeval European travellers, who had journeyed to "the gorgeous east," returned with extraordinary stories of tho riches they had seen, of the pearl embroidered robes, and -"tho starry gems That shone on Indian kings." Sir John Mandeville, Knight, who was born in England, in the town of St. Albans, and who crossed the sea, as|he tolls us, in " the year 1232, on'the day of St. Michael, and traversed many divers lands, and many provinces and kingdoms and isles," "that ¿re about India, where dwell many divers folks, and of divers manners, and laws and shapes of men," gravely relates how he " visited the palaco of the great Khan at Caydo:2, and saw his ' inountour ' in the middle of it, all wrought of gold and of precious stones, and great pearls, arid at the four corners are four serpents pf ' gold ; and all about there aro made large nets of silk and gold, and great pearls hanging all about it." Another Asiatic potentate, "the Emperor of Ceylon," to whose dominions our veracious voyager had penetrated, " hath in his chamber a pillar of gold in which is a ruby and carbuncle a foot long, which lighted up all his chamber by night." Thero were certain regions in Inde,' it was said, where serpents were to bo encountered " with collars of huge emeralds glowing on their backs"; hyenas with precious stones in their eyes, tho fortunate finder of which would be enabled to foretell future 'events; wild asses from which a stono was extracted that was a sovereign cure for epilepsy and the quartean ague, and which rendered the possessor invincible in battle. With respect to the belief, almost uni versal in Europe as well as Asia some centurios ago, as to the efficacy of diamonds and their subtle influence over human beings, Leouardus Camillus, in his " Mirror of Precious Stones," furnishes some curious particulars. Many of the stones which ho mentions are, of course, as fabulous as the collars worn by the serpents. "Tho Dariatidcs *waB a black- coloured stone found in the hoad of a cat suddenly out off, which conferred the gratifi cation of every wish of ita possessor." The Lyncurium, generated by tho Lynx, cured tho king's evil. A stone called tho Quirinus, or Quints, found in the nest of the hoopoe, if laid on the breast of a sleeper, compelled him to reveal his secrets. Tho Epistides, " a, red glittering stone," when bound round the heart with magical bands, kept the wearer from every misfortune. Fila tcrius, a stone the colour of tho chrysolite, cured melancholy. The Granaii, of a reddish violet hue, waB a protection against distompers. The Galac tidos was in much request by magicians, as by its aid magical writing could bo deciphered and ghosts called up to answer questions. The Demo nicus rendered the owner invisible, The Heliotrope, or sun-turner, also known as the Babylonian ger had, a similar property, and likewise endowed i owner with the gif t of prophecy. The red spo in the Heliotrope caused it to be highly prized i the middle ages, as it was believed they wei drops of the blood of Christ. These absurd tait appear to haye obtained partial credence arnon learned mon as lato as the close of the l7t century. Dr. John Hargrave, Dean of Canterbur in 1676, bequeathed his museum to tho city, and among other things which it containe especial mention is made by the reverend testate of the Actites, lapis aquilaris, or the eagle ston< " which I bought of an Armenian at Rome. It i raro, and of good value because ot' its exceller qualifies and uso, which is by applying it to child bearing women, and to keep them from miscai riages." "It were fit," continues Dr. Bargrave " that tho dean's, or vice-dean's, wif (if they were marrying men) should hav this stone in their custody for the public good as to neighbourhood ; bub still, that they hav great care into whose hands it bo committed, am that tho mediums have a care of it, so that i still bo the Cathedral Church's stone." Diamond were considered an antidoto against poison though in themselves a most dangerous poison The old English chronicler Holinshed relate how, afc tho death of Kins John, the preciou stones which His Majesty " had about him, eas forth a certain sweat as bewraying the presenc of poison." Tho inventory of the jewels o Mary Queen of Scots, at Fotheringay, describe "one precious stone medicinable and agains poison." One of the most beautiful of tho mediaova legends, that of tho San Gral, made familiar ti modern English readers by the genius of 'Tenny son, is supposed to bo of eastern origin. It wa said to be a chalice, formed of a single preciou stone, from which Christ drank afc His Last Sup per, and was brought down from Heaven by ai angel. It was guarded after tho crucifixion in ¡ temple on an inaccessible mountain by a^body o devout and virtuous knights. King Arthur and his companions of tin Round Table, it will be remembered, were in ques' of tho miraculous vessel. " But the Bibliothèque TJniversille do Geneve," for September, 1S30, has r very different account of the origin of the San Gral which it describes as " a precious stone that fei from the crown of .Lucifer, when ho was hurled from Heaven." Mr. Jones's, fiftl chapter, tinder the title of " Ecclesiastical," gives s description of the magnificent treasures of golc and jewels which adorned the statues of the godE iu the pagan temples of antiquity, and tho nol less splendid ornaments that blazed in the greal cathedrals of Christendom. In the Temple ol Astarte, at Hierapolis, were diamonds of all colours-" Sardonyx, hyacinth, and emeraldsj brought from Egypt, Ethiopia, India, Media, Armenia, and Babylon. On the brow of the goddess shone a magnificent carbuncle." Many other ancient temples were equally on riched by the votive offerings of devout worship pers. Previous to the Reformation, the shrines ol England rivalled those of Spain or Italy in th« splendour of their adornments, and we maj readily believe that the commissioners of hit Majesty King Henry VIII, had choice pickingE when they pillaged them. At the shrine of Thomas a'Becket was a ruby OE large as a bird's egg " or a thumb nail," said to have . been presented by a king of France who came on a pilgrimage there in the 12th century. Bluff Hal had it set and wore it as a thumb ring. The greater portion of the riches for which the Cathedrals of Spain were once famous, has disappeared in the course of the various wars and revolutions which have desolated that country, particularly during the early part of the present century. But they still contain a few ' priceless treasures. Crosses, made of gold, brought by Columbus, from America, ostensorios inlaid with pearls, reliquaries, earrings, bracelets, «tc, fine specimens of the jeweller's art in the palmy days of the Spanish monarchy, are to be found in the "cathe drals of Seville, Toledo, and Zaragoza. A history of gems would be very incomplete which should omit to mention the vicissitudes that some of the historic jewels in the regalias of reign ing European sovereigns have undergone ; and, accordingly, Mr. Jones has not neglected that important part of his task. The st ry of the Koh-i-noor diamond is well known to most persons. It can be traced back from Queen Victoria to 56' years B.c. An Indian tradition, indeed, identifies it with a diamond found near Masulipatam 5000 years aao. The story of the Sanci diamond, long regarded as ono of the most beautiful in tho French crown, is full of romane. One version says that it was brought from Constantinople by an ambassador named Sanci. Another that it belonged to Charles tho Bold, Duke of Burgundy, and was found on his dead body on the fatal field of Morat, and afterwards came into the posses sion of Henri III. of France. Queen Heniietta carried it to England on her marriage with Charles I., and it returned with his son, James II., when he fled to France. Louis XIV. purchased it from James for 620,000 francs (¿£25,000), and, on the coronation of Louis XV.,it was set in his crown. It disappeared at tho time of the revolution in 1792, and was not heard of again for nigh half a century, when it turned up in Paris, and was tho occasion of a lawsuit between a French banker and a Russian gentleman named Demidoff. Tho latest infor mation respecting ifc saya that it was sold by tho Demidoff family, in 1867, to Sir Samsetjee Jeejeebhoy, of Bombay. The history of tho Orloff diamond in tho Russian Imperial Trea sury, is a romantic and sanguinary one. It was taken by Nadir Shah when he pillaged Dolhi. After Nadir Shah's assassination it was stolen by ono of his murderers, who disposed of it to a Jew merchant. Three Armenians mur dered the Jew for the sake of the diamond. Two of the brothers wore murdered by tho third, who fled to Europe with his family and his treasure. Ho sold the diamond in St. Petersburg for a third o£ its value, being in groat distress. Not daring to go back to IIÍB own country the ' Armenian settled at Astracán. His ill-got gains did not thrive with bimi and to a certain extent poetical justice was done, for he was assassinated by-his daughter's husband. But we must take leave of Mr. Jones, meanwhile recommending as an agreeable, and not unin structive, companion in a leisure hour, his his tory and mystery of precious stones. 