Quiritifll cortitiwroKDCtfT..] DRk DAVIEHV NKW ItKSIDtiNCK.. Our otherwise unpretending town will shortly bo adoaiod with what promisc.'j. to bo a handsome and extensivebuild-- ing. ." Tho (site for- tlio; building is oiv thc'-higli" ! ci'oilnd; behind'/whero the Teirmintis- JElotel, 1 stands-'ftiid oh the, su'm'ihft of nitty.be stip^; cquut'ry : ,.arouml,.,/, Extensive; stables' arid carriagcrhou'so ;whioli ,arq- already completed,- stand;about 150yardsfrom^ ?tho ul welling ; itaelf„.and 'are built of some of the : finest pino slabs I Over saw.* 7 '?'.Tlio honse is/'to/cpntain six rooiri'sj ''fill large; and will; be, built.of sawn, pih'o-slali?„.with kitchen and'Outliouses.hiiiltjof;,tbp,same xna teriali -The grounds, about, six acres, and' which offer-co'iisiderahle advan tages for thcrpirrposo,arc to bo partially plauted wiUi;graifS".vines, and.will.lend ' a plcnsing sight to-the oyo and will bo a relief tor tlio ; nhmerpris eyesores that havb bepri erected; jtij tho;heighbour-- , hQod.of;tlie railwiiys'tat.ion~pnt up no , doubt with ? view'ito/bo. removed.at any time -.induce'- -. mpnts shpu'uVo/ffqi- /.to'^ttie'i : ;owners-.to erect them .el?ew)iere.,'t-!Che. building will bo completed inabonttwo months' timei atid is;wcll' worth a visit from; ; thoso who take;an/interest, ju the on* . hancem'eut ofiiiptpwa of Qnirindi,..;;, A Tnil'TO'THE OLD COUHTUV. ; ItriB, ; l;beliPVci tlio 1 intention of onr ' highly-cstcpinedipwnshiah, ,Mr. T._ S. iGrehan,!; merchant, ;? to pay a flying visit to: Europe about tho ?beginning of 16181, for: thepurpose ;bf recruiting his health, whicli li'as/siiffcrod somewhat, from the attention.he has necessarily boen compelled to bestow upon his.ox ' tensive business as : n; merchant for a number of yc'ors.Mr; Grohan will not remain moro than two months in England and.lreland, believing that the sea voyage will suffice to give him that rest which his; health requires, while business, mattors will not allow him to remain away for any length of timb. Somo months ago Mr. Orphan was raised to the dignity of a magis trate, and from the first 'day ho .took his seat on tho Bench -has displayed groat insight and skill in dealing with matters before him, and'has been' regular in, his attendance' on Court days—a greiitadvantage; to litigants in. cases where a sewind-magistrate is re quired. With expoHeneo he will bo como an abb and valuablomagistrate. His uniform courtesy, on and. off the Bench, his well- known love of charity, gontlemiiuly bearing, and affnbla do imcanoiir, iu-cto6 woll-knpwn torcqiiiro further mention. Wo'hope Mr. Grolmu will thoroughly enjoy' his visit to; tho old folks at homo, and,that ho may attain tho object'of liis voyago in other respects. ?'?' '- /" -' ?''- - ' [ '? ' ' ? ?A.' , (juinrNni,piiosT.- Considerable amuseinciit among tin ; boh/overs i'lr ghosts, ami /Homo amount, of consternation in. the produlons, was created a few nights,ago by a figure in white having been seen promenading in the noighbonrhood of tho railway station in manner ghosts lire said to adopt when' they leave their sepulchres at midnight.for a stroll on earth again. This gentleman (or lady) was, I believe, or rather it is said, attired in its shroud, and was a fine .specimenof a goblin, though certainly a bashful one, but probably his ghost ship had.lmsino?sof a private nature to transact, and ho time tp'sparo evi dently, as after a couple of. turns round tho visitor vanished, but it is not known, what.courso ! ho took, whether ho (I must conoludo it was a male ghost; as a lady 'would???'scarcely bo so immodest as to; turn/out in such scanty clothing), 'wont.." home," or whether ho cleared but merely to avoid tho vulgar gaze of inquisitive lookers on. Tho goutloman who told mc the story did not say if thoso who saw the visitor had be6n imbibing somo of that physic, Wliich had such an unfortnnato effect upon, the mind of 'Tain O'Sliauter' on that stormy night when .ho'only sav'od his life at tho expense of his horse's tail, ,\vb have no wonit to no.?'.. _ Our Quirindi magistrates , .'might safely lay their books on the shelf mill closo the Court House, as tho litigious portion of. our commu nity havo evidently left us, and thoro is'generally now-nothing but a olmui shoot to lay beforo tho l>ench". Wallabadah too, where it was always a plvasuro to attend on Court days, 'seldom now troubles its magistrates, though ono or two important oases are sot down' for hearing on tho 13th instant. Another disappointment now awaits you there, Host, llogau is seldom at homo, having nccoptod au oft'or from tho proprietors of the Gmuiedah brewery to travel for the ; firm. If ho is as well np to this business as ho is in wit and humour and drollery (and I-havo no doubt of it), lio must prov'o a valuable assistant to Ins principals. '. ; A COMMON OniIiVANUB Iβ A COMMON CONSOLATION. If there is any truth in tliis saying (I could never discover it) it must ho consoling to those afflicted[with colds unci, sora throats at tho present tiiuo; Jinny people are laid' up witli dia tressiug colds aud attendant coughs in and about tho town, and Murru rundi docfi not appear to havo escaped tho epidemic. " It's an ill wind that blows nobody good," said somebody, aud the doctors will make nroiit out of the business. ? " ? A SUOORSTION. From tho Mn'rriirundi Tiints I leiwn that a pigeon match is to ttiko plaoo at Mumuumili on Queen's Hirtliihiy, tho ikyon-which-tho rncos will bo holil?nt'(Juiriuili. A pigoon mutch in being avmngoil by 11. O'Noilo, of tho Gbnimovcial ilotol, for tho 22ucl, for which ho has puiobuseiV 900 iiuo birds,-nml which matoh will bo mlvor tisotl -'at-' length in youi' issuo of tho Bth instant. 1 h*vo boon requested to suggest ns a uwltor pC it WuuUl h?J uilvisivblg if.the coiuuittluu: ul* theMurrnrtindi mutch could sc-o their way to poHtpoue it to allow gentlemen from your town to attend the racen, and they might attend our pigeon niiitclt also.. If --tliis- courso woro adopted, our crack shots would, I nm .ttiio, enter for tho match on tho 2ith, but othi-i'wiso they will patronise tho r.-icos, where thero will be some good racing aud where some large prizes are offered. 