ROME. Whitsuntide at Monte Cassino. Monte Cassino, Pentecost, 1880. Under the above date a correspondent to the Tablet writes :— In one feature at least, and it is to be hoped in others also, the great Day of Pentecost is repeating itself in the glorious gathering which is now being realised at the venerable Abbey of Monte Cassino. On that first day when the Church was crowned with the gifts of the Holy Ghost, there were religious men —viri religiosi St. Luke calls them—'assem bled in Jerusalem from every nation under the sun. Such is the case now in the parent house of the grand Order of St. Benedict. Italy, France, England, Germany, Belgium, Spain, Switzerland, Austria, America, Austra lia, and even India, have their representatives in this august assembly ; riri relighisi, men devoted to the religions state, all looking up to the same Father, invoking the same patron age, and hoping that their Pentecostal gift may be an increase of the spirit which ani mated their holy Founder, around whose tomb they are clustered in a fellowship of love. Circa ill inn coronajrairinn. On Friday after noon a train arrived from home at the station of San German:', which is at. the foot of the mountain on which the Abbe;,7 stands, it brought (Ordinal Ihtra, O.S. B. (the well known librarian of the \ ate as special dMegaie of the Id Abbots, and oiin-r ceclesiasi.' hers. The- w 'alder was m« it seenr d as if the whole t< mano had fnrnod out to do 1 tors. The Chun-li bells were ringing merrily, and there was a holiday appearance about the whole place. There was a whole cavalcade of. mules and donkey-; ready to bear the visi tors to the Ahbe\, lor the road is imwecssible to carriages, and the ascent on loot is very fatiguing. Soon after arriving ;d toe Abbey the Cardinal was received as Papal Legate, with due Pontilmm wmunbs. and thus the meeting was h again, as ai, tli out in all its i it that A ugusi does not hesitate t most extroni" ms Peter’s, and rivals t! richness and variety are now [.resent, hr my u "lit! 1' ive 1) Li arc an, wno airends >o,)and Bishops, s', in great, nuni J beautiful, and \vn of San (b-.r HHKir to (he visi ■ ringing n ■aranee ad; uk u< Du of it : beautiful is near J’cii/r it is of till1 ni licence, exceeds fit. Cerlosa of Pavia, in tin.' of its marbles.” There ides Cardinal Pilra, four Archbishops, nanu !y, of hlieims, Maples, Cata nia, and Palermo; the Bishops of Ciiflon, Nyssa, Adelaide, Pliiiadelpiiia it), part Unix in fid eliu in. Coadajufor to the Archbishop of 'Palermo, the Bishop of Monte Pulciano die. ; about forty Abbots, amongst whom are those of St. Paul’s of Borne, Cava, Perugia, Subiueo, Vallombrosa, St. A1 pan’s, St. Bernard’:-- in Leicestershire, St. Vincent's PeimsvK ania, two from Ceylon, Engeiberg. Beuron. Min nesota, Gottingen, St. Boniface’s of Munich, San Severino, Ac., &c.; There arc also the Dean of Kinsiedein, the Very Ilev. Idr. Smith of San Calisto, Prior Vaughan of Fort Augus tus, some of the Community of Solesinos, the the Prior of Molten, an Abbot and several Cistercians from Belgium. On Saturday afternoon at four o’clock were sung the First Vespers of the Solemnity of Pentecost, Car dinal Pitra presiding at the throne, the Pre lutes, to the number of fifty or more, assisting in cope and mitre. The great number of voices gave to the beautiful' Psalms of David an effect and reality seldom alloted to them, for there were about a hundred and twenty voices on each side, and sometimes all joined toge ther, as in the Giloria Patria at the end of each Psalm. Whitsunday was just such a day as could be desired for so grand a solemnity ; a charm ing, almost cloudless, day. Streams of pil grims came up, bravely scaling the difficult mountain, adding greatly to the beauty of the scone by their quaint, picturesque, and varied costumes, singing their hymns in pro cession as they mounted up, and in the church too in the intervals between the nublic ser vices. What a contrast between the peace and harmony that reign up here, and the con fused agitation going on to-day throughout Italy ! lor the miserable Government now in authority has not hesitated to fix this magni ficent solemnity for the day of the general election. All were up betimes, for the call to Matins was at half-past three ; these with Lands lasted till six o’clock. At the Bene dietns of Lauds, the Abbot in cope, attended by Deacon and Sub-Deacon, incensed the altar as is done at the Magnificat in Solemn Vespers. At nine o’clock followed Solemn Pontihod Mass, sung by Cardinal Pitra. It is not easy to describe how v ry grand a. ceremonial it was : for, as wo eannoi transfer our consciousness to another, so neither cun any do scrip! ion make those who read exuori ctiee w'hur was felt by those who saw. Tim Cardinal, Prelates, and all who • in ti arc T ,_t tin hugs whil nclos ciigag Chapin m of tii 4 :l oi-m Commuiiit1. After ih d all th don '■Til, ie; Lai A C >r tv UlnU: yL.ooA, ill of these tii on tin.' thi'nina and Tied. The ip, several Lrnugliout. church, flic caicd forth Is joined the prut c dense . 111 m cssion i all c ■ai Council. sj.ac. for the sacred Tim chance! was led, for it is very (■re in their plaices Town in repre Dom Jerome augl'T-:, jTior lo Port Augustus, was Deacon 4 hi ■ A la..-. . and sang !iie beautiful Cassim-se ih'iie.iirlin..' 'dispel wilii great elf cut, his clear loud voice ringing throughout the whole Bus iliea. The Abbot Zelli, of St. Paul’s, in Jlome, Piv:,id.'!it-( L'liera! of the Cassinese Congregn tion, jus aid., u a very eloquent and stirring ser mon upon t.ln spirit whichanimated St. Bene dict si lowing j iow that holy Patriarch perfected everything that he touched, in spiritual mat ters, in ceremonial, in labour, in literature, in art, &e.; Nothing seemed wanting to make the solemnity complete. The weather was most glorious, and the Apostolic blessing was again given out of door;-!, as at the centenary festival, to the immense assembly. Grand Pontifical Vespers were at five o’clock, and, whilst the vesting in preparation was being proceeded with in the Chapter-room, a very interesting incident occurred. The Abbot received two telegrams from Rome ; one sent by the Pope, propria mnfu, through Cardinal Nina, Secretary of State, in which the Holy Father declared that he was with us in spirit, and again sending his blessing to all. The other bore the congratulations of the good Cardinal Bartolini, who had presided at the centenary festival. Monday, the second day of the Pentecost Triduum, was again a bright, cheerful, almost cloudless day. In the church, too, the solem nities won; of the utmost giandeur. The Archbishop of Palermo, O.S.B., pontificated coram Cardinal;, all tin* prelates being again in attendance. Mgr. Schiallino, O.S.B., Bishop of Nyssa, Abbot-General of the Congrega tion of Olive tans, preached a most effective sermon. In the afiernonn were laid out for visitors the various presents made to tins Abbey in com ihe Centenary festivals : all :;ry valuable, from princely i and religious houses, most altar, copes, vestments, &e.; ■ Monastery and others also of works which had been ir of this same happy event, were at live o’clock, the Reims pontificating. After ce a long but interesting (ration for the consecration mrcli and its seven altars, groat event of to-morrow); imilk of lie inspection of tit which heal been memoration ol: beautiful, some and noble 1 for the use The Abbot presented - publish.!. Soie.mil Arc I ibis it Vespers V (wl til is igmitg and sealing the seven eases of .vi.,-.- i- i he n.-w a Pars. Each con secra in nr ;.- was summoned in his turn to sign 'w own c.-v, beginning with. <he Car In a!'(■ ;• whom .foilowed in order dm Jt-i-v-e- ei' Palnii-ro, Catania, Naples, tile Coa b ;: i p , r el RaRnW', the Bishop of Nyssa. si! I ten. -I: it't jTies. and the Abbot of Cas-ino. ! .airie , -w,-lining these relics wan tlu-ii of b o’-ej- the high altar, and pr.iy.-r w ohm;.; befmv them continued timiiighriipi, pee •■Iglu. je m-escribcd in the Poiii i i! - -a h iii.-N-i a. ,-;s U;e 'u’.ird a nd crown ing d ay ol: the yr, Iwnniprs, ilie day set apart for the o-itte- era?ion of tic 'J’ower-church and iff se\\--.Pie',. Th:which is the ohlest part of the v w sabie Abbey, lias been re stored at ppv-si i] k. use, and is now to be used for ii.e wi-.-i. sacred purposes. Here H. if n hh b-.-eil. wrote his Rule, had many of his - i, i.-w o! N- ions, and died. Not withsom- iin;.:' ike fatigue incident upon the functions of 1 lie two previous days, an early hour wan tin- rule for all ; for there was a great deal to Redone, and not a moment to bet ins and L.mds wore at 4 o’clock am early hour private masses succee 'ther without intermission, as many nrpvd masses having been said in e of this one morning- Seven as lived for the ceremony of the i-n, and at that hour the seven con }aviates were ready for their hon t-k. A glad and fitting adjunct to this day’s proceedings by the if a beautiful military band, which came marching up the hill, reaching the Ab bey at half-past live o’clock playing triumph ant music. They paraded the cloisters, the Church and the corridors of the Abbey. It is not necessary to dwell in detail upon the be In. and 1 ded 0 as two h: the i ours, o’clock v const-. Tai i> ouriiiiic {; was made presence < rich ritual of the consecration of a church ; but it seems as if the most striking and touching- part is the procession of the relics from the place where they had reposed dur ing the night to the new home assigned for them. The mind of the Church is expressed in one of the antiphons appointed to be chanted when the procession moves forward. “ Coine in, ye Saints of God, for your home is prepared for you by our Lord : and the faithful people with joy follow you on your way, that you may pray for us to the Majesty of our Lord, Alleluia.” Perhaps it is not often that this part of the ceremony has been as effective as on the present occasion. The shrine with its contents was borne on the shoulders of four priors, and the four corner cords were held by four mitred Abbots. Then followed the other Abbots, next the consecrating prelates in gold mitres, and the Cardinal in a precious jewelled mitre. The procession moved through the cloisters, and directly the Cardinal left the Basilica the military band burst out into an appropriate triumphant march and escorted the proces sion as far as the door of the new church. The effect was very grand, and all seemed filled with joy. Seven Abbots were set apart to say the seven Masses (Missie Novell ut) on the nowly-consecrated altars, and Abbot Wimmer, President of the American Congregation, pon tificated in the Basilica. The principle that is acted upon by the Master of Cere monies and the community is, that what deserves doing at all, deserves to be done well. And all was done well and thoroughly, an must have been the case when the Pope’s own Prefect of Cere monies. Mgr. Cataldi, with the aid of his col league the Bub-Prefect, Mgr. Baecinetti, superintended this department. The conse cration, with the Masses that followed, occu pied more than five hours and a half, begin ning at seven o’clock and ending at a quarter before one. At five o’clock Vespers and Compline, were said in the newly-consecrated church, and these were followed by a grand procession of a large relic of St. Benedict, all the prelates being in white copes and mitres, and the military band again lending its aid to the effect. Upon entering the Basilica at the end of the procession there was Exposition of the Blessed Sacrament, a magnificent Te Deuni sung by a choir of a hundred and fifty voices on each side, and Benediction ; so ended tire third and crowning day of this most successful and splendid solemnity. At the end of the service all assembled in the Chapter-room to sign an address of thanks giving and loyalty to the Holy Father, who had added so much joy to the celebration by his paternal and affectionate message and bles sing. The Archbishop of liheims left in the course of the afternoon, but before leaving made a very feeling address to the assembled fathers, in which he spoke most touchingly of the severe trials to which the Religious Orders, and in them the Church, were being subjected in poor unhappy France, under its present Government., 'file cause of the Reli gious orders was the cause of the Church, and the cause of the Church in France, he so truly said, was indeed the cause of God. There still remained for Wednesday morning a duty of brotherly love to be performed in behalf of the deceased members of the Order, for the blessed dead are never forgotten in the divine office. At nine o’clock, therefore, on Wednesday morning was sung a solemn Re quiem for the deceased brethren, relations and benefactors of the Order, the Archbishop of Naples singing the Mass, the Cardinal, as usual, presiding at the throne, and all being in attendance. A lofty and imposing cata falque was erected in the middle of the church, surmounted and surrounded by nu merous candles. The church was fully lighted throughout, as it was at the Te Beam on tin; previous evening, as if expressing the thought that those who had gone before us with the. sign of faith, and were resting in the sleep of peace, should have their share in our festival i of joy. Four abbots, at the end, gave the Absolutions first, the fifth and last being ! given by the Archbishop of Naples. Then all departed in peace, with the prayer that peace j might also attend those who still remained ! linked with the living, as children of tin- ; same Father. Jiequiescat in pace ! j The number of lay visitors was necessarily very limited, for the Abbot had been ob liged to adveitise a request that all would make room for the great influx of Benedictines expected ; but we noticed amongst others Mr. Baker- Gabb, a generous benefactor to the Order in the diocese of Newport, a collateral descendant of Father Augustine Baker ; and in the hospice of St. Agatha, at a little dis tance from the Abbey, where accommodation is provided for lady visitors, were received the Duchess Teresa Ruveschini, daughter of the celebrated General Filangeri, well known for her intellectual gifts and her deeds of charity ; the young Princess Spud a, and Miss Hutchinson, who followed devoutly all the ceremonies. Amongst the abbots, besides those from Italy, there were six from Austria six from Germany, three from America, two from Ceylon, two from England (viz., Dr. Sweeney. Abbot of St. Alban’s ; and the Abbot Anderson of the Cistercians of Mount St. Bernard, in Leicestershire), three or four from France, two from Switzerland, two from Belgium, one from Portugal. All were drawn together, not by any authoritative com mand. but simply by an invitation to do hon our to their common Father, and to renew their spirit at the birth-place of their Order. But, it may occur to some to ask, what is to be the result of this striking demonstra tion ? One result must be that the bond of union between Benedictines of various na tions and various approved Congregations, will be strengthened ; and, if V-union fait la force, their capacity so” good will be greatly increased. It could not help being noticed how naturally and sympathetically all frater nised together, as if old friends were meet ing again after a long separation. Unity of spirit and liberty of spirit were everywhere manifested. Whatever was the colour of their habit, (for it is not the colour any more than the habit itself which makes the monk) all were one. Cistercians, in their white tunics with black scapulars ; Olivetans, all in white ; Silvestrines. in blue ; the majority in the primitive black—these were only differ ent uniforms in the same army. And the highest prelate’s present, by their colour, showed their loyalty and their love for their Order. Cardinal Pitra, in his long cajijia magma not scarlet because he is a Cardinal, hut black because he is a Benedictine, niger red formosus ; the Archbishops of Catania, Pahnero, and Naples, and the other Bishops O.S.B., showing how their hearts were still where they were on the day of their Profes sion, and that they acted up to the admonition of their founder, ne occ.asione Sacerdotii ohliv inamtnr Rcgulam ; these were proving how they were living up to the vow of poverty by which they had bound themselves in the days of their youth. Religious Orders are now undergoing severe trials from various sour ces, and they re< pin-especial grace and strength in these days of battle. Most fitting was it, tin'ref ore, that the oldest Order in the Wes tern Church should brace itself to the contest I Lerodotus tells us that the old Scythians, when sustaining defeat from powerful foes, used to cluster together around the tombs of their an cestors, and there bid defiance to any enemy. So the children of St Benedict have gathered around their Father’s tomb, they have lifted up their eyes to the mountain from which help is to come to them, they have recruited their strength, and have renewed their youth like the eagle ; and as on the day of Pentecost the riri rcligiosi went home from Jerusalem, filled with wisdom and strength, to prepare the way each in his own country for apostles that were soon to follow, so will the monastic Pilgrims to Monte Oassino return to their places of labour with fresh spirit to do the work which is assigned to them ; ut in omnibus (jlarific.ctur Deus. Fiat ! Fiat! 