CHAPTER IX. WE muât now proceed to explain matters to the reader, whom we otin no longer lesivo in the dark, When Annie quitted her home, itwOB for tho purpoue of meeting Sir George Staunens, as she hud often done before, in the plantation. Baton this occasion it was to elope with him, aooording to a promise he hud wruog from her the previous day. She was to leave with him to be married imme diately in London. Pretendinghe had some important business calling him away, tho baronet took leave of Noel Elrington and his wife this morning, allowing himself to be driven to the railway station in one of his host's carriages, where, alighting, and Boeiug it drive away, he im mediately entered ally and drove back in the dirèotion of Elrington plantation. He leant baok in the vehiole with his travelling oap drawn far over his eyes, and with a pocket handkerchief hold otase to his face, in order that he might not bo recognised should he be met by any one of the servants belouging to ¿verarde. . Jl&«> But there had benn a oertaiu BomethbjMh; the manner of Sir George Stunners whftfihe parted, from her hnnband and lJ<\--rseUP»J|*;' had aroused a suspicion in tho JaSÉâ^t Celandine that he was bent on Kuu»,iWW{i<K dishonourable onterpriae likbiy the-domestio peace ot her hedíanlo. «HI of tho family circle at ElriiigfcaÄi SfoiarfL.. She a aid not a word to any one. bnt, ^hastily equipping herself in walking coatrinfe, «eerutly Btole out of tho house, aridiUBWexllyJjiouglit the nearest road to ElringMÉ^Sfeer under stood nothing at all of wlA»ÉjilsSraV*about to do; she only believed UilMHfaviRs'uboat to avert some wicked mieohiei?~aPd, BO im pressed, she hurried onWIllul lIBtfl she nearly reached a stile, ovor¿5&4álBÁ&t;'hcld a nun spring with eluajieîîy. Tipt.muu was Öir George Siunners/*nr-!si*u^ot observed her. He disappeavoaT WWb|töltliii trues ; but Oelandiue wii*>'*é*iMchim, on his traok, sileutly presea^lWa(TyfAt length a fuminino voice was WMíwí Celandine saw Annie burst UouiJilttifimfßiit, dash forward, and rush intO0¡jl)|uaMaf arma of the baronet, whilst <^iE}§fcp/,0eruucL>ed bohind some bushes UMftnMlw* tu Hee aa^ hear all that " My'jffTOKljrl, I was almost aliaid you would tvBStklKnud so disappoint me I" the baroieVttieSJenfolding Annie close to his bre.»A.'^»«T^ *^*»V#ilI; not deoeive me, George ; to mblf^MSf'wiU take me to oburoh and put ^>(Mt>| ring upon my finger ?" '.ftrliiifriat, Annie dour; X swear to you I ilÍMiíilNa*«'urned, with earnestness. ? .? LYTSÍITWI I will truat you, George ; though aMfV98n could not have confided in Noel, er sought my two elder sisters, and so .pared rn» the commission of an act of deooit jnuh as X blush to think of even, I cannot Ifiágine-" T*f" My darling girl, have X not told you over 'Md over again that your brother, his StZ¿ UKsjudioed by his wile, has taken a great p^eraion to me ? Then, pardon me for what (îbam about to add. Your two Bisters are, as -you tell mo, already against me. I am beset ?flu all sided by opposition, BO I deem it best fjjo carry you off UB I have arranged, und In ar ry you.to-morrow morning up in London. 3TOU must not trouble me any further ou thia 3>oint ; you really must not, dear. I do not -like to uot deoeitfully any.more than you do, [but there aro times in one's life when one 'curint altogether act oxaotly as ono could .wish to do. You understand me, love?" " Nu, not quite," she answered,' frankly. "I wish I could do so. I should feel BO tnuoli happier if we were-"? " Hush, little Harmoniser !" hu interrupted, playfully. " Now, you really must be good, and trust me without' further questioning. Now, promise that you will tease me no more on tili« eubjeot.' " I promise-'. oiomiso you," she replied. Ho ghiuoid i l iiia watoh before he spoke again. "Wt luve no time to lose," he observed, hastily. " I have a fly waiting for us at the oorner of the road. We ought to be at the station iu lesa than a quarter of an hour hence." "I am ready, George," Annie said, tear fully, and looking confidingly into the oyos ot her companion as she spoke. " Then let ns away at onoo," the baronet eaid, drawing Annie's arm through his, and making au ndvunciug step. Bat only ono mada ho boloro ho uttered an exclamation, and stood like ono suddenly paralysed with terror. Mre. Elrington wno (.landing in front of tho puir, her fiuo ligure* drawn treot, ber bandeomo features wearing an expression of derision. Annie clung to thc baronet's urm in alarm and shame, and hid her f«oo upon hi ? shoulder. (To be continued. A DEADLY FEUD. A SALZ FROM rEANCE. At 65 M. Isidore Tiea n. Professor of History at the University of Montre'Her, had st'll one great passion and one dear friend. He wae a collector of rare books, and loved to be oalled a bibliophile. H's friend's name was Colonel CaBimir Coote. M. TisRon had been a widower thirty y6ars. His two, daughters-who, after their mother's death, had been educated by sn old aunt of a very religious turn of mind-were both married. Ono of them was settled at Nimoe, the other at LED tl. They were highly proper »nd highly respected ladies, who punctually per formed all their duties without a murmur and without any pleasure. Tbey paid their father frequent but short and formal visitB, and never stopped a night in Montpellier, so that they in no way interfered with the quiet routine of the Professor's life. Colonel Costa was a bachelor. Isidore Tisson and Casimir Coste, whose parents had been next-door neighbours, had begun to play together when they were only five years old. They bad been to the same school, and had parted for the first time when they were seventeen. Tisson then went to the University of Toulouse, while Coste was sent to the Military College of I St. Cyr. They did not meet again for forty 'years, and by that time they had com pletely forgotten each other. Durinpr this long interval M. Tisson had - published several learned works, and had obtained the chair of Professor of History in his native town. CoBte had fought/' the Bedouins in Algeria, and the Russians at Sebastopol, and had been obliged to retire from aotive service in consequence of a severe wound received at the storming of Fort Malakoff. He was a Lieutenant-Oolonel and an offloer bf the Legion of Honour. On leaving the hospital, the lonely, weary man returned to his native town, which he had not visited since the days nf his youth. But he had often felt a strange longing to spend there in quiet the evening'of his restless life, and now he hoped to do so. Hu found Montpellier bot little altered during the loni? years oE his absence, and soon recognised in one of its narrow streets the very house in which his parents had lived, and where ho was born. lb so chanced that a small apartment was to let there. He hired it, furnished it simply, and established himself there at once. Behind the homo was a large garden ; and the Colonel, as a favoured tenant, obtained permission ot the landlord to walk in it wh'n be chose. One evouing in September, as Coste was passing ap and .down the gravel walk in the garden, smoking his short pipe and thinking of Africa, the Crimea, and friends that were dead or lost, he heard himself called in a fashion that startled him "Casimir! Casimir 1" - For nearly forty years no one had called him by that name. His superiors and his soldiers during that time had addressed him successively ss Lieutenant, Captain,. Major, and Colonel; his brother officers as Caste. He bad lost his father and mother many years ago, and' bad never had any brothers br sisters.. Ho might well nigh havo forgotten that he had a Christian name, and now someone was calling him by it ! " " Carimir 1 Casimir 1" Ha turned round aud saw at a window of the firBt floor of the houso next to hts own a middle-aged gentleman, who was Broiling and nodding to him in the most friendly manner. For a momunt tho Oolouel re mained motionless. Then with sn oath, which was his habit to utter whenever ho wanted to express joy, anger, astonishment, or, in short, any Budden, emotion, be oalled oat in return : " Isidore ! Is it possible ?" A few minutes later the Professor was in filie garden with his friend. Ho told him he ?hitit" returned that very morning from a trip «¡rbiuh he had taken during the vacation, at ucl hud only just learned that a Colonel <Costc, rt native of Montpellier, had come to live next door. "I at ouce thought it'must ba you, and would huve called upon you to ascertain if my oonjtoturo wu« correct, but I saw yon in the. garúen and recognised you at onoe. Yon are not a bit altered." Tho Colonel upon this laughed so loudly that the sparrows in tho trees new away in affright. .' Well," he said, " I think that's just a little exaggeration. When I accom panied yon to th» diligence that took yon to Toulouse you were a bandeóme, elender lad, with a soft down on your npper lip anda profusion of dark curly looliB. Now yon can boast of a very respectable circumference,' and.your dark hair has turned grey. I was' then a mere boy, with bright eyes, sound ?teeth, aotive legs, and a magnificent head of hair which J used to part sometimes on the right, sometimes on the loft side, not being sure whioh way was most becoming. Now 1 require speetaoles to read, I munoh like a rabbit, because I have lost my baok teeth; I walk lame, because the' Russians Bent a ballet into my right leg.'and I have BO little hair left that the natural parting of it reaohes' nearly from one ear to another. Frankly, I' aannot think I nm very maab. g like the UaBimir yon knew." " Still I recognised yon at once. I would have known you among thousands, and would have said: 1 That's my old friend and school fellow, Casimir Coate.'" " Well 1 and did I, I shonld like to know,; hesitate as to your name ?" ' Then the two old gentlemen shook hands for the twentieth time, and laughed, while their eyes grew moist. ... Both talked at the 'same time, BO that neither understood what tts ctlîsr VfÍ? î^ytnjj, nnlü at Inst they came to regular questioning. ' - ?-' .--- -- .' Are you married ?" " No ; and yon ?" . I have been a widower many years."' " Children ?" '« Two married daughters." " Here, in Monlpollier Ï" , ! "No; one at Lunel and ono at Nimes. "Aro you going to liva in Montpellier ?" ' " Ol oonrse ; andjyon ?" "lam Professnr at tba University. But come ; it is getting cold. Pascal,' my old housekeeper, shall give us some supper. We will drink a bottle of rare wine and have a good ohat together." Tho Colonel made no objection, anil the two friends eat together till a late hour in the Frofesser's snug drawing-room, telling each " other tho simple stories of their lives. They met again next day, and the Colonel dined ot the Professor's. On taking leave, he invited hiB old friend to be his guoBt the next day nt the table d'hote, where be waa in the regular habit of taking bis meals. " I have nevor kept house," the Colonel paid, "and I am too old to begin now. Wherover I have been stationed the table d'hote has been my table. I hope yon will dine with ma there to-morrow." But M. Tieeon objected. " We dino together,'' he said, " because we like one another's company, and not because we want to do a polito thing. I have no fancy for restaurants and hotels. Thoro aro always étrangers there, and one cannot talk comfortably and freely. Besides, to tell you tho truth, Pascal bas spoiled mo I am accustomed to hor cooking, and hotel, fare does not agrco with me. FleaBo with draw your invitation. Wo do not stand on ceremony. Dino bera again to-morrow and tho day aftor-ovory day ¡.you cannot do me a greater favour." i Tbe Colonel consented to dine with bia friend the next diy. Two weeks went by. The friends spent several hours together every day, and the' bachelor had dined, maybe, a dejen time* at the widower's house, when ono day after dinner-old Pascal having left the room after Berving coffee-Coste lit hil) pipe, cleared his throat, and made the following epeech, for which ho had been preparing himself for the last week : " This is all very fine, Isidore, but things cannot go on in thia way." '. What do you mean ?" "I have never lived better in my life than I do now with you, yet I do not like my board." " "Why not f " " When I was a Lieutenant I used to pay sixty-francs a month for my dinner ; when I became Captain, it cost me eighty francs ; since I have been a Major, I have always reserved a hundred and fifty francs for that purpose. I must stick to these old habita to be comfortable ; and if yon cannot think of some way in which I can spend my money and have year company, £ must gi vo up dining with you." " Excuse me. Coste, but really you ore not speaking like a sensible man." " But I have been thinking that I would be very sorry not to Bee your familiar face opposite me at dinner j and, somehow, I fanoy that you too would miss me." ? <« You o»n take your oath of that." " And therefore I want to make arational proposal to you." There was a long pause. The Colonel cleared his throat again. "Well, go on," said the Professor, gently. " I see what you are driving at in that olever way; but let me tell you I consider your proposal childish. Ye«-be angry if you like-positively childish." " Childish or not, I Btiok to it. And if yon oare as much for me as I do for yon, if you are not afraid of having too muoh of me, you will acoept it." The Professor resisted for some time. He tried hard to persuade the Colonel to continue to be bis guest; bnt the old soldier would not yield, BO the Professor had to eive up. "Yon were very obstinate and self-willed," he. said, " whereas I was always the good natured and senBibls one of U'B two. Lat it be aa yon wish ; henceforward yon shall pay for your board." But this did not settle tho question, Corte proposed to pay too much-Tieeon asked for too little. At last they agreed that PaBcal, who for thirty years had been the Prof essor's housekeeper, should nat ns arbitrator. She was what is-called in Prance a maîtresse femme, and had a alear, sensible answer ready for «ny question that might be put to her; co, after a short conference with her it was settled that M. TiBBon would not be a loser if the Oolouel contributed 120 francs a month. Thus, this long disoueaion came at laßt lo an end. Prom that day a new and brighter day began for the two lonely old men, whick made them forget their age, and whioh con tinued without interruption for many years. The Professor had; little todo; tho Colonel nothing at all. They spent many hours together every day ; they walked «rm in arm np and down the "Peron" and tba "Es planade"-tho two principal promonades of .Montpellier; they sat together in tho Pro fessor's library; or they went out together on the " Linke," being passionately inter ested in an interminable game ot " golf," a pastime which is almoBt BB muoh in honour at Montpellier, and at Montpellier alone of all Eienob towna, as at St. Andrews in. Scot laud. Their evenings were Bpent at 'the olub, where they found their regular whiBt party. They became daily mora and more dependent on each - other, as ' happens with old people from whom the rest of the world is gradually withdrawing, .who love few people, and are loved by few, and whose interests centres in ai narrow oir ole. Very Boon they became indispensible to each other. Tisson beoame uneasy if Coate was five ininnteB late for dinner, and the Colonel bad every morning a confidential talk with Pasoaline to inquire if the "master" had pnsBod a good night, if bia cough had been troublesome, and if he bad enjoyad his breakfast. He WSB a regalar attendant at the Professor's leotures. His venerable head, his attentive, earnest, mild couotenanco, soon beoame known to tba whole university., The young students took a liking to the quiet old gentleman, and made room for him ros péatfally when he entered the leoture-room. And he geeeted them kindly : " Good morn ing, gentlemen. " When the lecture waa over, the Colonel liked to have a talk with the Professor-often asking for explanation of some obsouro point. The Professor wonld offer it with a pleasant smile, aad with an air of ionooent, gentle pride. Now and then the Colonel would quote some Latin gentonoe, in order to show that be, too, was not défiaient in classical knowledge : " Alea jacta est," '.Dulce est pro patria morl," "Iv vino veritas," aud other sayings of that sort.' On suoh oooaslons - the learned Professor waa wont to look a little embarrassed, though he smiled approvingly, and he wonld nhange the conversation. But when the old soldier spoke of bis campaigns, tba Professor, in bis tarn, would listen for boure, and put encouraging questions, so as to indnoe tho narrator to continue his story. The friendship of these two old genüé-' men bad 1 become proverbial. , The Pro fessor's daughters wore perhaps the only beings who did not look upon it favourably. They complained of tbe fearful profanity of-tba, Colonel's speeoh, and of bis poisoning the whole house with', that horrible short pipe of his, which he smoked indiscriminately in avery room in the .house. : ' ' " But papa npprov^CÍ-er^tbing jbe ColonoTdoes,"-they said; . "Lat us hope that he will have no causé tó'-oroent some day." '' '"'..' ' "'" " " This remark was not quite correct, how-! over. Their father was far from approving entirely the viows and the mode of lifo . of his friend. The Professor was an earnest Catholio, and, like most members of tho tipper claBsesin the South, a staunch Legitimist. Coste, on tho other band, possessed an inexhaustible stock of rather scandalous stories, in which priests, monks, and nuns, were not always mentioned with tho respect that Tisson thought due to thom. In politics ho was a liberal, inclining toward Republicanism. Tisson wonld eomotimos call CoBte '* Charras," and tho Colonel would retort by "Polignao." Their discussions, which were long and frequent, wore generally brought to a olose by one of thom reminding tho other that tho tim o for a rubber or a game of - golf was como. Then tho excited coun tenances of bis opponent "would at once assume a calm expression ; both would take their hats and etickB, and walk to the club or to tho " Links," Chatting cheerfully by tho way, as if nothing had ever disturbed the perfect harmony ot their intercourse , Tho torriblo yoar-Vannie terrible- of 1S70-71 pnt on end to theso discussions botween tho two friends. Both were truo patriots, and in their grief for Prance tuoy forgot all differonoes of opiniou. Both blamed tho Emperor and tho EmpresB, the Ministers Bud tho Generals with the same impliait confidence all the stories whioh were told of tho heroism of tho Frenoh soldiers and tho barbarity of tho Gormans. They felt the Mme Indignation towards Bosnia, whioh did not bide its sympathy for the enemy; the same disdain of the English, " that nation oí shopkeeper?," who had forgotten Sebastopol ; the fame contempt for those " ungrateful" Indians, who abandoned tb6ir old olly in her distress, and thay shed tears together when the news of Sedan reaohed Montpellier. | About thia time apeoaliar kind of feverish, nervous excitement had taken possession of the whole Frenoh nation. Oar two friends did not esoape tho contemn. The oheerful equanimity oí former years WOB gone. They never touched a o»rd, and dust gathered on thtir golf dubs and balls lying unboeded in tho hall. They read the papers with passion ate eagerness ; they made strategical plans, and discussed them as earnestly as if armies had been at their command ; they boped against hope ; they believed that the fortcinu of war would take another turn ; they never despaired, for it seemed to them simply impossible tkat'Tranoe, their proud, mighty, beamitnl country, oould Buoeumb in a war with any oth-r nation-and they felt almost crushed when the dreadful truth at last dawned upon them, when they knaw that the power of Franca was broken, and they saw her bumbled to the dust st tho mercy of the conqueror. Ooste and Tisson spent day after day together, silent and mournful, feeling that their common sorrow had drawn them even more closely together than the peaaeful happiness of former years. But as, in spite of their advanoed age, they had preserved a good dual of that liveliness and elasticity of mind whioh characterises the inhabitants of Southern France, they shook off, after a time, that dull, oppressive sonsa of gloom. Nervous irritability and great ' bitterness of feeling remained, however, and showed themselves in frequent and violent explosions of anger against the «apposed authors of the great national misfortune. Then the papers brought tba uews that a revolution had broken out ia Paris, and that the Communists had seized the reins of government. At first the two friends heard these reporta.almoat with indifference. - The wounds inflicted by the foreign foe were still so fresh that they were unable, so to speak, to feel any new pain. But soon the civil war compelled their attention. " It became the principal thorne of conversation. Tho inter ests in the struggle for the possession of Paris, where Frenahmeu fought Frenchmen, soon absorbed every feeling. It was on the 8rd of June, 1871. The day had been hot and sultry. Dark thunder clouds had gathered, and threatened a etorm at every moment. The air was heavy. The Professor waa pacing np and down the dining-room in an agitated manner, waiting for the Colonel to sit down to dinner. At laBt Coate arrived half an hour after the usual time. He held some half-opened orumpled newspapers in his hand, and, on entering, threw them on the table. He looked pale and disturbed. "I have waited for the papers from Paris," he said ; " read-it is horrible, inaredible !" Tisson took up the papers and looked at their contenta.' Pascal had served the soup ; the steaming plates stood before the two old men, but neither thought of touching them. The papera reported the horrors committed by tho Communiste, the destruction of the Tuileries, the Hotel de Ville, the Ministry of Finance, the Cour des Comptes, eta. They related the massacre of the hostages, the furious fighting in the afreets, and, lastly, the slaughter among tho " enemies of soaiety," by the avenging Versailles troops. Tisaon looked up and said, with a long drawn breath of relief, " God be praiaed ! The good canee bas triumphed 1" "It might well have triumphed with more: humanity," retorted Ooste, sullenly. "I hope you are. not going to defend tho Commune ?" continued Tisaou, in an almost threatening tone. . "No," replied GoBte, taming palo, andi speaking in a tremulous voies, " I ara not going to do that. Bat I do think the troops might have Bhown loss bloodthirsty cruelty. Fifty thousand 1 Think, Tisson, what that moans. Fifty thousand haman Uvea have been sacrificed I Fifty thousand I It ia dreadful !. They have tsbowu no rnoroy to women or children ; they have been killing as if they were destroying wild beasts !" "They have done right !" cried TisBon.' "Bravo men who have fought against wild beasts-a murderous, infamous crew, the soum of humanity, -robbers, murderers, incendiaries." "Tisson, Tisson, think of what you aro áaying I You are speaking of Frenchmen, of oar countrymen, our brothers." - . "Your brothers, if you please-not mine, thank God ! I have nothing iu common with thieves and murderers," "Tïor have I." . "You have-jinoeyon dara todofendthem." " Dare 1 You must bo out of your senses, jTisaon, to speak to me in this way." " No, I am porfeotly in my sonaos, and I tell you calmly and deliberately that it ia a shame-a burning shame-that you Bhould dare to Bay a word in defenoe of the Com mune-yo«, you ought to be ashamed of yourself !" "Bacall that word, Tiasonl recall it, or by--!" "Yon ought to be ashamed, leay. Shame! shame I" . The Colonel rose, pale as death, with flaming eves. He atruok the table with his olinohed fist, ao that the platea, and glasaea rattled, and he Bwore with a fearful oath that be would never sit down at the table or put his foot in that house again until Tisson begged his pardon and rotraoted what he had said. . *' And I deolare," replied the; Professor, who of a sudden had become strangely calm, but waa BB pale and trembling aa bis wretched old friend. "I declare, without the use of any blasphemous language, that tho words you reqüí" -Z"- '".sayjjhaUjiever pasB mylipa.V Thfm"tbo Colonel wont tcTÍuC-í?''*: t0?k hie hat and stick, and in a moment, without another word or look; was gone. Tisson heard his heavy, baiting Btep upon the stair. Tho nouna door was opened and abut again ; then all was still-the stillness of death. ' For three whole days the Colonel and the Profensor lived ou thoir passionate wrath. Then tbuir anger cooled, and both began to understand what th,ey had loBt. The isola tion consequent upon thoir estrangement became unbearable. Ooste dared not leave his rooms for fear of meeting bia old friend ; the Professor oropt stealthily out of bi« house when obliged to go to his lecture, and the two old hearts longed for reconciliation. Yet it oould not bo. They thought over and over again that parting soane, and remembered every word and every rook. " Ho should not havo insulted mo at his own table, in his own boneo," said tho Colo nel, and ho felt that he oould not, in honour, break the oath he had sworn. '* Ho was outirely in tho wrong," thought the ProfoBaor. " How could ho defend the greatest rascals and criminals tho world haB over seoo?" And ho re membered with a shudder that he had solemnly avowed nover to pronounco tho words which nlono could induce th«i Colonol to return to the house as a friend. Ono morning old Pascal carno to tho Colonol. " What bavo you done to my master, air P" she asked, with tears iu ber eyes. " Ho doua not oat, ho does not sleep. Ho sits all day long in UÍB study ' without opening a book or writing a line. He will see nobody, ho speaks to nobody » -ho will die. What have you dono to 1 him, air P Do hslp my poor roaster 1" The Colonel had always treated the faithful old servant wi'h ¿ind familiarity, and he waa quite ready to discus3 the matter with har. " You see, Pascal," he said in conclusion, " I have sworn upon my honour never to re-enter hi» house until he has acknowledged himself in the wrong-and I cannot break my word." " It is a wioked thing to take sn oath when in anger," said the old woman. " Ask your Vioar, sir; aBk the Bishop himself. They will release you from your vow." " I have fiiven my word. No human being can help that. I must keep it." Tears stood in the dim eyes of the soldier. He looked miserably sad, but be spoke with so much determination that PaBoal' felt she must give up all hope of reconciling the two frionas. Soon after this tho Professor's daughters carno to pay their customary visit to their father. Paaoal told them what had hap pened. They disliked the Colonel, whose manners they considered course ; and they merely observed that no donbt their father would soon find that the loss be deplored now, wus, in fact, a gain. They were about to say as much lo their father, bat ho stoppod thom angrily, telliug them, with flashing eyes, to keep ailent on the subject or to leavo the house. For a whole month thero was no change in the relations between Tiseon and Coste. Their qunrrfl hnd become tbe subject of talk in all Montpellier, LUC HO one felt lnulioed to play tbe part of peacemaker between tho two old men. At the end of that time the Professor wen away on his usual holiday trip. For the last ten years Caste had been his oouipanion on these occasions. Thoy had visited together Paris, the Pyrenees, Auvergne, and Switzer land. They had enjoyed themselves every where. But now the Professor started alone. Ho thought of going first to Parla-and then ? He had not Bottled where. He wanted to leave Montpellier. He could not bear to remain there any longer. The Colonel stood at the window, bidden by the ourtaiu, when the cab stopped at his neighbour's door. He felt ? heavy load on his ohust, sud his eyes burned in their sookets when he Baw tba professor leave the house with a heavy step and enter the oarriage. When it bad driven off, Con te hid his face in his bony hands and wept bitterly; but he experienood a sort of relief in tue thought that TisBon-wos no longer in his im mediate neighbourhood. He walked up and donn his garden sadly and thoughtfully, feel ing himself free and unobserved. A kind of peace Btolo over him ; and one day, when he got up in the morning, he wrote the following letter :- . DBAB TISSOJT,-I have made up my mind to leave M-jntpullier and to retnru to Algiers, where my old regiment is stationed, and where I have a few comrades |wbo will be oompany for me. They cannot make up for what I have lost : but, at any .rate, I shall not feel as utterly lonely ' as I do hero. Before I leave, never to return, ! would like to meet you once more as in the good old times. I therefore beg you will write to me, on receipt of thiB, to appoint a place of meet ing in Paris. We will, as in by-gone days, have a stroll through, the big town, we will dine together in the ovenlng, and then bid eaoh other " good-night," as we have done for the last tau years. Ou tho morrow I will leave Paris. You will then be uble to think of me as of sn absent friend from whom you have parted in peace and good will. My anger lasted hutu few days. Since 1 have become cool and collected, I feel tba same old frienUBhip for you whioh I shall ever feel, even if yon'reject my proposal. Believe, me,'dear Tieaon, your faithful friend. CASIITIB COBIE. Old Pasoal gave bim'ber master's address. The Professor was Btaying at a small hotel in the' Boo da Helder. The landlord was from Montpellier, and Coate and Tisson- bad lodged there on several occasions. ''" Tho seoond day after tue .despatoh of this letter .tba' Colonel reoeived one from Paris. Ha at oboe' recognised, the writing of biB friend, und tore open the.envelope with B> trembling band.1 Tue letter consisted ot a few harried and almost illegible lines : I have'sworn never to prononnoe the words whioh-you require before re-entering my house ; but I may tell you how hard it has been for me to keop my vow. Forgive me the pain my anger has oaused you. I, too, have suffered mach, and I remain, till wo are parted by death, your faithful friend, IBIDOUE TISSON. The.letter fell from the Colonel's hands, and all seemed dark for .a moment. When he had recoverod a little he went to Paseal. She bad received no tidings of her master. Costa then telegraphed to tbe landlord in Paris begging to be informed of the health of- the Professor. Ia a few hours the answer carno'baok-Professor Tißsou had died sud denly. He had been found dead in biB bed on tba morning of the preceding day. Tao funeral was to take place on the morrow. The daughters of the Professor bad been communicated with. Coate started that same evening for Paris, and arrived there a few hours after the funeral. Ha saw the daughters and son-in law of his friend at the hotel. They were in deep mourning, but appeared to bear tboir loss with great equanimity. They Beamed Burprisod at the Colonel's tronbled counten auoewhenhe entered their room unannonneed in his dusty travelling dress, and they answered his inquiries briefly and precisely. Their father baa had a Btroke. He had gouo to bed in his usual health at 10 u'olook, and had been found dead tho next morning. Tho dootor thought he-must have died about ll. At any rate, he had been dead some boars when found ; and ho bad diod, they hopod; withom pain, Cost« went next morning to visit tba grave. On his return to the hotel he waa informed that " the family from the South " bad left Paris after ordering a " pretty " tombstone to Tba landlord, M. Douoot, a ;'.'«»' MW, \ who bad known Coste for many years, and i was particularly fond of having a obat with bim nuder ordinary circumstances, became unusually silent ' and reserved when the Colonel asked him for tho particulars of his friend's death. He waa evidently oonnealing the truth, and Caste determined to find it out. He bribed tba waiter, who nt first held baok; bat when the Colonel promised faith fully not to betray him, tba man related in a nervous, frightened manner all bu know. , M. Tisson had arrived five days ago. He went out little, dined alone in biB own room, and spoko to no ono iu the house. On Friday morning he wrote several itt tor«, whioh ho posted himself. About 10 o'clock be ordered somo tea, and told the waiter ho wns going to bed, adding that he did not wiall to bo 'disturbed before the next morning. " Whon I knocked on his door on Satur, day morning at niue, to give bim a lotter that had urnved from Montpellier, I received no answer, and finding the door was locked on the insido I beoamo alarmed. I oalled M. Donoet, who Bent at ones for tho Polioe, and in proeooco of the ' Commisoairo ' tho door was opened. M. Doucet, tho ' Commis saire,' and a doctor who had como with him, ware tho ouly people who wont into tho room. My master told me to stund at tho door, and not to lot anyouo go iu. I had to wait a long timo. When those threo carno ont of thu room, M. Doucet wan ns pale ns a ghost. He took me aside and sold : 'I trust that you, sn old servant of the houBo, will not talk. It wonld damaga the reputation ot the hotel.' I promised to be silent, and np I io ibis moment I have not oponed my li ' iibont it to o singla eon], nor Till I do fu'ain. But yon were an old friend ot H. Tinton and ought to know the truth. A little iator the deotor returned with an assis tant. They looked tbenieelve3 into tko room where *he dead body waa lying, and remained there about an hour. Late at night, BO as not to alarm the other visitors, the coffin waa brought quietly into the houBe. Tho next morning- M. Tisson's relations arrived. They asked to see the body, and Í followed them into the little drawing-roam where it was laid ont. The features of the dead man were not distorted: they were yell.vw as wax. Hound tho neck wai placoi a broad white cravat, which reached up almost to tho ears. I felt a cold shudder when I saw it I told M. Doucot, ia a whipper, that it looked very horrible. Ho made me eign to be Bilont, and scorned very agitated. It's roy opinion, eir, that M. Tiason laid violent hands upon himself-" Coste turned deadly pile, staggered back, and sank into a chair. The waiter sprinkled some cold water on Ma face and gave him something to driuk. When he had recovered from tho shock, the man entreated him oneo moro not to betray him, and thon quietly left the room. A tow days later Colonel Coate returned to Montpellier, but only to superin tend the removal of his Bimple furniture and belonging* to Paris, where he settled ia a. remoto part of the town at - no great distance train thc cemetory wherH TisBon was buried. Ho lived there for a year in Badness ami solitude. Thou his health began to fail, anrl at the end of|» few woeks he was eonliried to bia bed. Tho doctor advised bim to take a Sister of Charity as a siok nurse, us hs had no rotation or friend to taku care of him. Coate assented to everything. The nurao came and per formed her duties carefully. She was a strong young woman, with a smooth, calm, face, fair, with rosy cheek*-a faoa that lookod aa if it.bolong 1 to ono pure in body and mind. She nnreod the lonely, helpless old man carefully, nnwearyiugly, without anxiety and without hope, as she had nursed for years other sick and dying people. " He is getting weaker and weaker," Bhe said ono day to the doctor. " Ho does not know me now." The Colonel lay on his bed, with half cloaed, eyes, breathing feebly. The doctor felt ttíe pulas, forehead, and heart of his patient, and said, while slowly drawing on hia gloves : "I do not think that ho will hold out through the day. I will look in again to night ; in tho meantime you miy go on with the medic'ne I prescribed yesterdey. The Sister nodded, and. when the dootor waa gone, took np some needlework, with which she busied herself whenever thc patient did not require her attendance, The day paused quietly, without perceptible change in the state of the dying man. When it grew dark th« Sister left tho room noise lessly to fetoh a lighted lamp. The door had remained ajar. From tho next room she thought she heard tho patient speak, and " bumed book to bis bedside. Ho had. raised himself from bit pillows, and his faoe, whiob she could not woll distingrfish in the dim twilight, seemed to her to bavo grown younger. Hie «yes, whiah dunn,; tho whola day had remained half-closed, were now wide open, and looked kindly and peacefully around. That indescribably sweet anulo with which ao many weary ones greet the approaoh of peace-bringing death, lighted np bia oouutenanoe. " It is- getting dark," he whispered. "Wait for me, Isidore ; we will go home together." He foll back on tho pillow. Hia breathing beoame Blower-slower and fainter- then ceased. ' . The Sister remained for a few moments perfectly atilt. She thou left the room, and Boon returned with the lighted lamp;. She raised it above the head ot tho den'd man, so that the bright light fall, upon his pale, emaciated and calm feature's. She looked at him attentively, without ienderueaB, without sorrow, or, indeed, nny visible sign ot emotion, turned quiotly away, and, after plaoing the lamp un the table, returned to the bed to oloss the eyes of tho departed. In - the same methodical way Bhe smoothed the pillow and plaoed the quiet hoad carefully and gently upon it, drew the sheet up to the ohio ot tho dead man, and plaood a oraoifix in the cold hands, after haviug folded them above the counterpane. Then Bhe lighted two candles, and plaood ono at the head, and the other at the foot of tho bod. Lastly, she took a small bottle «ind pouted the holy water which it contained into a saucer, alroady prepared for the parpóse, wbioh stood by tho bediide. When sho had atteu dad to all this, without hurry, as without hesi- - tatton, Bhe looked around as if to Bee if anything oise remained to be done. Hag calm, searohiog glanos Burveyud with the same eorious composure tho corpse, the tapers, tho ornoifix, tho s ulcor with the holy water ; and whan eho had satisfied, herself that nothing had benn omittud, and that everything waa in perfeot order, abe drew from her pockot alittle, well-worn, black book, opened it with unerring hand at an flonus tomod place, knelt down, muds the sign of the cross, and her silnnt, moving lips recited the prayira for th« dead.- ßiidolph Lindau in Blackwood's Magazine. 