A Conversation with tlie Ghost of Edmund Kc-an. By Alfsed Baykham. u» returning home from the theatre a few even ings ago, I seated myself before tho parlour fire, puffed complacently at a cigar, and commenced ruminating upon that which I had seen an hour or two previously. The name of tie play I had witnessed was ' Transported for Lite,' and it contained many sensational characters and situations. There wof, of course, the wroueed and ieroic lover, and the black-hearted villain, the villain a confederate, and tho virtuous sweetheart, all conglomerated together in ono chaotic mass. 2'bore was, also, the nsusl thrilling Ecenes of men being murdered for the Eakc of the lovers, othors thrown into oblivion for their ' bank accounts,' &c;, &c;, depicted in true melo-dramatic style. All this paesed panoramically beforo me, causing rae to feel peculiarly thankful that I had deputed from such Wood-thirsty sconce, to enjoy the quiet felicity 'of home. Whether it vis cauEed by the fumss of my cigar, or bv the heat of the fire, I cannot say; but certain it is that I had net been stated moro than an honr when I foil into one of thoie kind of naps, generally pro duced by comfort and ease, more than ir tisjno; I must have been aEleep about two koura when I was awakened by a noise resembling the creaking of a chair. I started up and looked around the room te see if anybody had entered. No, everything was the same as when I had fallen asleep, excepting that the fire had expired, and the cat had perched herself on the hob for greater warmth. To satisfy mjself, I went to the door, turned the handle, and opened it, when lo ! I started back in wonderment, forthcre, with the full glare of the lamp shining upon it, stood the spirit of Edmund Kean. I recognised it directly, from a life-site portrait of the tragedian in my father's possession. The gtioct, seeing my consternation, motioned me to be culm, and seating himeelf comfortably in a chair, inti mates by a majestic wave of the hand that I should do likewise. 1 mechanically obeyed, and we sat face to faee for several minutes without speaking. At length tho silence was biokon by the spirit saying, in a clear and commanding voice, ' I departed this aipht from the spiritual sphere of immortality t» emphatically express uiy stern indignation against those who are recklessly sacrificing the present and future elevation of the stage, as well at the reputEticn of those connected with the legitimate drama, by theii'ineane craving after novelty.' 'But you must remember,' said I, timidly bowing to my spiritual orator, and atonee taking the defpnsive, '? that the manajrers have to meet the taste of the public, and that tGete deaiauds continual novelty and sensation; the legitimate drama has been resorted to several times, and has generally proved financial failures.' A sad smile rested upon the countenance of my visitor, as he replied — ' And this is your beaded civilisation— a civilisation that is allowing one of the noblest of arts to cink almost in oblivion ; arivi HtalioH that satisfies its H&tural; craving for amuse ment by witnessing scenes of immoralityanu vice; Tou say the production of the legitimate drama has generally proved a fioanrinl failure ; trhy is it so? Simply because the different characters are placed into the handb of those who are naturally unfitted to interpiet them con-ectJj-. I say naturally, became I consider it morally impos sible for a man to be a (treat actor unless hp pos sesses the inward power to prapple effectively with and appreciate the author'* meaning. Cer tainly a clever man by diligent study and perseverance may become an exceedingly good a^tor, but without Vhe aforesaid quality his best impersonation will be soulleas, and consequently wearisome; it will lack the passion and force of the natural tragedian. Just as well may we expect an uEpoetic scholar to write a poem. Education will arsUt him in concocting scmcthiKg in the chape of a rhyme, but. inlets he ba a poet by natura his verses— no matter how skilfully constructed — niti be devoid of heanty or pathos. The name accusation can be applied to artificial painters and -sculptors. Can sre wender, then, at the doirafaH of the Snakosperiau drama, when ths m*st difficult parts are entrusted te those who htve not the power to delineate thtm. It is thought by many that nothisg is easier than acting. All that is required, th«y think, is to get the words off by heart and r«nt them upon the stag*. Facial expression, modulation of voice, and appropriate gesture, are secondary considera tions, iH their estimati™. ' It is such perfor mances,' continued the spirit, ' that brings con tumely upon the theatres. Thequalil:--E which constitut* the sublime, the grand, antlthi; power ful in noting, are loftiaess of conception, fertility of invention, depth and intensity of feeling, a facility of importing all those appearances nr.d incidents in nature which the effort requires, and above nli a harmonious and diswiojinatin;1 eombination of th? whole. There is another thing whicj tads greatly iu degenerating tho works of our greatest bard iu the eyes of the public, it is the abominable way in which managers place a tragedy upon tho lioords. For instance, a few months ago I was enabled, through the kindne?s of my spiritual gaoler, to pay a visit to a New ZerJand thsr-.tre to witness Sir. Fair cJough's exposition of Ihat character ia which, years ago, lelectrifiedjthousands, andcarried them to the highest pitch of enthusiasm by my nalurpl acting — ah! acting was, indetd.an art in tboso days. Just as cliflk-ult vrould it bo at the prusf nt tia« to get an intelligent municipal council as it was then for aa arlisto lo be- 1 eome a star, ue1p«e he were phvsicaliv and mentally suited to v.jjhold that high and noble position. Richard II'. is the play 1 nUude to. . This glorious tragc-Jy TC3 placed upon the stage quite regardless of taste or judgment; tho beautiful paEsages and the thrilling scenes in whicS this maiestic play abounds were turned into ridicule tliroush the inefficiency of the artists engaged. Kichnrd's noble army wore represented by two norvous supernumeraries. Op.e of them carried a banner, which ho imme diately constructed into a miniature drop scene to shield himself and trembling companion from the eyes of an astonished audience. Of Air. Fairclough's impersonation of the crook backed tyrant I will say nothing, leaving it to those who saw the performance to draw their oim conclusions, bnt this I do I ny, and most emphati cally, that the work was placed upon the boards in a most disgraceful manaer.' next visit,' Bald mycompanion, hastily rising, as the morning light began t» struggle through the closed shutters. I go now to associate again with those that once were human, and in their presence lament the downfall of dramatic art. Adieu, I 6hall visit you anon — when, I am not at liberty to say ; but I sincerely hope, ere that time arrive, that some effort will have been made to bury in oblivion those exhibitions which tend greatly to brutalisc human nature : and again to represent on the boards of our theatres the works bequeathed to posterity by one who strove to raise the standard of man, ShakespeRrc, the founder of pure philosophy, and the world's greatest dramatist. Adieu, adieu!' The Ghost then vanished, and I awoke, to find it was but a dream within a drecm. 