AN APJTiftUAsy'S GHOST STORY. ; . The Eev. Dr. Je83op writes to the AOiermum a jjarrative of an incident which has 'strikingly onlarged!his experience of mental phenomena.' It occurred on: the ,11th: of October , last, at Lord Orford's Beat, Mannington: Hall, where he hadboen engaged in oonsulting and taldng notes from a number of volumes of antiquarian interest. '- The statement , . was written not many day3 after, the event, at the request of a i friend, and when. all 'the circumstances were fresh in his memory, and he has yielded . to' an earnest rcqae3t to make it public. Dr. Jo8|op ' .was writing . in a room adjoining tho library between! one and two a.m., and, , ' being y a ' chilly .person,' wan seated at the corner. of ,,a table; on ?wluch four silver candlesticks were burning, with the fire on Ins 'loft,, while in front was a little pile of books, from which he : was taking notes. 'I was : just,' he «ay8, ????''beginning'''-' to think ' that my i work' 'was- .drawing to a close, when} as I was actually writingj-I saw a large whlto i'kand, rwithin -a foot of my elbow:'' Turning his head, he saw ' a; somewhat . large min,.with his back to the fire,.Blightlybending over ,tie .table, and apparently examining the pile of books.' Tlio ? man's .face was turned away worn me. Due i saw ins cioaeiy cut reu dish liroH'ri hair, his ear and shaved 'cheek; the eye-brow; 'the corner of the 'right eye; the side of tlie forehead, and the1 largo cheek 'boiie.* He was dressed in what I can only- describe -as'a kind of ecclesiastical habit; of thick corded sill;, or some such material, cIobo up to the throat,' and a narrow-rim or edging, of , about an inch broad, of satin or. velvet, serving as a stand-up- collar, and fitting .close, to : the rliiii.' Tho doctor looked at- his visitor for some seconds, ' perfectly , s''snro' ^that he wa3 no reality,' fcelingj ' however, no alarm or uneasiness, but curiosity and strong interest. He was eager' to ! make a Bketch of tho apparition; andi afraid ''not of hid staying, but lost ho should go.M At a move- 1 mont.of liia arm the figure vanished; and.be'. resumed his writing, but when he liad actually j got to the last few words of his ? extracts it '? appeared again. Endeavoring to fraiue a sentence to address to the mystorious perso nage, ' I discovered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid of , the sound of my own! voice.' He completed his task — the notc3, he ! Bays, ''showing not the slightest tremor ofj nervousness — shut the T-ook, and threw it on . the table. At tho - -noise the figure vanished,: and tho doctor, Iciaurely replacing the volumes; in their places, weiit to bod, and ? ' slept; soundly.' 