The Advertiser SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1880. THE letter which we published on Thurs- day on the abuse of chlorodyne and other narcotic drugs draws attention to a matter of vital interest, for it refers to on evil which, if our information be correct, is not only largely prevalent but greatly on the increase in the colonies, as well as in Eng- land. From time to time we have to chronicle cases of death resulting from overdoses of chloral and similar prepara- tions and to remark on the fatal facility with which them dangerous drugs may be purchased in chemists' shops and even in general stores ; but the publicity given to these occasional instances of unintentional suicide does not by any means d'f-iojj tha measure of the «nL Far more even then; alcoholism narcotism is a £:cret indulgence, tfie spell of whqae fascination ? gSradWly^ woven, and lrhots banefid. existence iii a family ishardly ever suspected .till it has obtained foeh hold upon its wtiins thai liberation front its thrall is almost imppesible by- eny direct eKercifla of wilL> We have it on good authority that in Adelaide the sale of preparations of morphia, laudanum, and similar drugs, ami even'of hydrate and syrup of chloral, with out any prescription from" a qualified medical man, is very gre t,and especially that jthe statistics of the sale of chlorodyne —which, as our correspondent points out, is just the liquor chloroformi composetusot the pharinacopoeia —jq chemists' shops, and even, in country stores, would, if they could be got at, causa con siderable astonishment and alarm to philanthropists and the public generally. The letter to which we refer contains facts which we have taken cara to verify by inde pendent enquiry, and we are persuaded that our chemists end medical men could amply corroborate the statement that narcotism is a growing curse among all classes, and that the name of its victims of both 63ies is legion. .The desire if not the -need for ttimulents to aid the operations of nature, :nd to allay the irritation caused by Jjusi ness ironies and perpetual excitement, is undoubtedly on the increase. In Bome cases pressure of work; in otjier cases "mental distress, irregulari ties of habit, exercise, or diot, cause sleep lessness, which is one of die most distressing maladies under which we can suffer, and recourse is bad to Artificial means to court the presence of "tired nature'* sweet restorer." We target that sleeplessness is only ajdgnof- something wrong elsewhere, and that it is folly to stifle the warning voice by such empirical means. Recourse once had to -this pleasing nepenthe the descent is gradual but sure. When it is found that the remedy answers, and that it can be procured without much trouble and u§ed fora time tit least with out suspicion, the drug is kept on hand ready to be resorted to on every oc casion. For a time hydrate of chloral was lauded even by some physicians as being harmless as to after effects, and the advertisements of certain patent medi cines, fortified as they are by a goodly array of- medical sponsors, distinctly state ' that they may be liken at all hours with impunity, and that they do not produce any of the unpleasant after effects of morphia. The real fact is, however, that no narcotic is harmless, but, on the contrary, invariably pernicious, unless when administered under proper medical supervision. The desired ifelief may apparently be obtained without the trouble and expense of medical treat ment, but drugs of. this soit lose their effi cacy unless taken in ever-increasing doses, and then a careless addition of a drop or two has a fatal ending, and we hive a recurrence of the paragraph—"Another death from anpverdois of chloral." Besides, it most be remembered that being treacher ous end uncertain in action,, the effects of these drugs roem to be cumulative; so that a reeei ved stock is sonfet'iies stored up in the system, and the .final dose, though no lareer than many -which have b;en pre viously taken with impunity, being super added to the pent-up poison latent in the Hood, becomes fatal. Erett'wheh no fatal result follows, health is irretrievably ruined, and the benefit of the medicines when they might b%ve been usefully pro scribed is lost. The forms under which these narcotics are used are various. It has bjcome more common than is genera"y suspected fox persons to^ use the needle- sj*'ige without medical aid, and themselves inject preparations of morphia into their legs and arms. Sjrup of chloral and hydrate of chloral are largely obtlined without medi cal certificates, and, as our correspondent points out, several active pokons in combi nation form the dangerous basis of the much- belauded chlorodjje. Such drujs are easily purchaied and eauly concealed and medical men tell us they a?e of fear fully common ute, a medtcj' writer in the Times a few weeks ago stating his belief that two tons of chloral were used weekly in England alone. In a r.- sent nuiiber of the London Tuueh ere published lines too loigthy to be quoted here on 'Chloral, jn two lightt—the blue aid the t ue," and a woodcut representing Death pooling out the fatal cup to a yoJig and bsautifo 1 woman; and the picture bis its count 3t put in daily life. Without any of the degiad ing signs which e*e iofiepaiable from drunkenness it hse fas vnations, espachUy for women, whose iene>tivenes?to exteiral appearances makes them shrink from the grosser _ indulgerce of a'cohol'Sin. They find that these drags are eaj:'y procarjbia from a chemist, or even a countiy store, and that under the gj'qe of ta\ii<r medx'ie, which for a time may stud unsuspected even on a toilet-table, the brain may ts kept in a! pleasing state of muddle; and so, little by liU'e, the pernicious indulgence pro^fc&es;, till— * Comet rc;stion'a NemeiU, Aod the tool in Tophet (inking W036 ag*in thyiatel kirn, Won, and ends in endlc.i drinking, - , Till to the vnplumbad abvu Sinks thy victim*, Oblonlism." To get at the facts of the case is the principal thip& and jrom what ire hau heard we are p3r^uaded that it op mediral men would spe-jk out they would lay the community under a deep debt of obligation; and it is to them we mtnt look both tor information as to the extent of the evil, and for practical suggestions a* to the remedies to be applied. Tae chemists who sell thtsa preparations moist be perfectly aware or the purposes for which they are purchssad. They have their regular customers for them, and when men hnd women come to them once, twice, aad even oftener in the week for quantities of this stuff, they mu«t ba perfectly well awa> e that the druj is not being used for what might be its legitimate deiiga. No doubt it may seem hard to impase restiicuous on the sale of medicines which under cert .*n circumstances, and~ at a di«tauce fr>m medical advice, might be usefu' is aUe viating pain and even savin* life; but this consideration can barJiy apply to AdeW'de. and to any case the of o3C9«ional inconvenience'most not inteirera with the general good. The anomaly is, that while sepanately these poisons would not 13 sold by any chemist except under fitrinjant regula tions, and under no circumstances oy a storekc-eper, yet wben they are mixed up ill a t jttle, with a high-sound'ny label and a Government stamp affixed., they can ba purchased by children in an ordinary shop «od liardjy any question asked. Surely if the trade of (he publicm t; hejjjed in by all sorts of restrictions and cJnditiopq framed in view of the public good, and even for the sake of protectir-^ those who have not the moral courage and strength to help themselves, some flight amendment of thb Sale of Drugs Acts might be made by which these poisonous patent medicines could no long'er.bi "sold ad libitum. Even to insist on getting the name and address of the purchaserwouldnotciusa much trouble or inconvenience to those who ware buying for bonafide purposes, aud would do much - to deter those who were being drawn into the vortex from persen-and^ in an indul gence whose essence is secrecy. Chemists too might be compelled to communicate with the authorities when the drugs were being bought in quantities known to be ex cessive, and a clause might be introduced into the Inebriate Act rendering it lawful for friends, on proof adduced and under medical certification, to seclude narcotists as we|l 'as dipsomaniacs for a season. Cer tainly the whole matter is ripe for ventila tion. The very fact that the existence of this craving is known, and its symptoms capable of recognition, will help to put ua auspicious tfnnnAu on their guard while timely interposition is possible; and if some private member of Parliament would make it is duty to collect Information and suggestions with a view to action in the House, he would do a good work. Whuji there is a tendency in so many quarters to relapse into protectionism more or less disguised, it is reassuring; to see that the most wealthy and prosperous nations of Western Europe are inclined to stand firmly in the more excellent way. Recent speeches in the French Senate, and a short but significant debate in the House of Commons, combine to show jthat the sup porters of free trade increase, and that it is gradually becoming as hopeless in France as in England to revive the fallacies with which the arguments of Cobden, Bright, and their colleagues oE the Anti-Corn Law League were wont to be met. The French Commission which was recently appointed to consider the question ef tariffs has pub lished its report, and the Minuter of Com merce in .presenting the budget of the De Freycinet Cabinet to the Chamber of Deputies, has shown in what respects he approves and wherein he differs from the recommendations it embodies. The com mittee report that after fully cansideriug the propriety or reverse of binding the country by treaties of commerce, they have come to the conclusion tb-.t such treatui «if [made wisely and after due delibara tion" are detirable. Tuey have, there fore, fmmoA & tariff which might b"come the basis of future treaties — " a tariff high enough to 'protect the most feeble of our industries from too easy inundation of foreign products, bat low enough to permit theistimolating action of foreign competition which is sometimes necessary." The English of this is that they have recommended a Blight advance on present protective rates; and ed far as regards ~ England, in fixing the new ratss they hare handicapped her by taking into consideration her facilities for inteiail communication, the abundance and cheap ness of jier coal supplies, the superior com mand of men she possesses from the absence of the conscription, the magnitude of her capital, her stable political institutions, and especially her extended markets. In these days when gloomy views are apt to be taken of England's capability to hold her own in the struggle for commercial sa premttcy, it is well that her manufacturers and mechanics should be reminded of these elements of advantage which she poise' jea even by the confession of her rivals, though it does seem hard that they should be punished for the superiority which they have attained for the most part by their own greater energy and determination; and it is capable of easy proof that nearly all the reasons which have moved the. Commission to advise increased protection really tell in favor of free trade. If England has extended markets it is because she has freely opened her ow?i poics to the products of all countries, and Fiance would more easily overcome whatever natural or fiscal d'sadvantiees my now prefs upon her by drawing upon the resources of other nations than by attemptirg to shut' out their merchandise by prohibitive rates. So the present French Misisb/ seam to think, though they must advance slowly, and take into consideration both t'ic condi tion and temper of the nation. Or'y in part, and as he takes care to observe, ODly because of exceptional circumstances—the recent saffair-gs of Franca, tVe commer cial distress, snd the bid fiarcest—3l. Tiiard, the Minister of Commerce, accept the conclusions of the repori:tg committee* He maintains that though the treaty of commerce with England "Ha* not borne all its fruits, because it has always bssn opposed as having been brought in clan destinely," still it had bsnaticia'ly affectsd both nations, and contributed to the pros perity of trade in France to a veiy notable degree. He sweeps aside as almost unworthy of serious argument the com plaints against the treaty on the part of the cotton and iron interests. The French cotton industries have declared themselves ruined by it, "but," rems-ked H. Tirard, u this industry had been long on the eve of ruin. It hod not got that length yet, and he expected it never wou'd." He contended that the report of the sub- com mittee on cotton was " f u'l of 'naccurdoie.V and fell foul of the tariff committee as '' complacent lkteners* 1 to unfounded stories. in consequence of which they had proposed An excessive rate of 75 per cent. Though -the iron interest in Fruoie, wb;ch was already protected to the tune of 40 p3r cent., had not the assurance to ask a further increase, "the tariff commit teo, more royalist thai the king," had raised the 'duly from OJf. to 701. per ton o". pig iron-, and or th?s interest also the Minister of Commerce sarcastically ebssrvi s, '* They, too, have had the privilege of rain, and step by step from one loss t3 another, and ruin by ruin, they had neirly all be ?ome millionaires/' A Minister who can talk thus of interests which his office renders it imperative he should consei to must either be very remiss in b;s duty, or thorou?b!y persuaded that the complaints which are made are ill- founded. Still more hOf 3" M as a sign that the tide 5s setting steadily in favor o! free trade was the subsequent speech of M. Rouher, not only because of what it contained, but be cause of the manner in which it was re ceived. This trusted counsellor of Napo leon 111. stood forth in a Republican Assembly to de fend the treaty which the Emperor bad concluded by hb owd authority, without having submitted it to the deputies. He was listened to with respect even when it was needful for hi 8 argument to refer to Alsace and Lorraine, and the burden of his address was that free trade, even with the swaddling- clothes in which it had hitherto baen bound, has been a boon to France during the last 20 years, enabling it not only to pay an enormous war indemnity—a subject on which such a man needed to speak with bated breath in such an assembly, but also to fase the un usual commercial depression of the last three years, a corn harvest 25 par C9nt. below the average, and a vintage even more deplorably deficient. These things," thouorh he would fain have seen an advance made,'' have forced M. Tirard for the present "to maintain the status otto as the basis of nego tiations, engagiug not to descend below die present conventional tariffs;" and thus, though not so rapidly advancing as its riends might desire, the cause of free trade is in a satisfactory «tate in France, and the 1 interests ere in good iaii^ while-entrostsd - to the present Government. : - .. \ While these debates were going on la. France Mr. Wheelbouse, who waa senior member for Leeds before Mr. Gladstone* hurled him from the pride of position, moved for a select committee to consider tte commercial relations existtngijetwieeirEng land and foreign nations, especially with regard to tfa6 import of manufactured goods from abroad, as well as the effects caused by the English system of "one-sided so called free trade/' with a view if possible, of permanently ameliorating the position of : the "wages class" of tie community. It would serve no good purpose to go over the arguments which Mr. Wheelhouse and his small but dauntless forlorn hope advanced. They are the old exploded, weapons which have done service in times gone by, and are even less effective now than in the days when they were first employed. Many of the facts are fictions; most of the inferences are fallacies. For example, all the speakers on the protectionist side referred to Coventry as a ead illustration of the ruin wrought by the French treity; but Sir [ Henry Jackeoc. who is member for . Coventry, and therefore prcsu*nablv ' both acquainted with its condition and interested in its prosperity, flatly denied the statement, and with the responsibility' of an appeal to his constituents staring him ' in the face, said that though the case of Coventry'might well be considered one of those cases where a generat good could be accomplished only by working an individual' ill, yet even here " though' they had bees hit hard by the French treaty, the city was thriving now, «nd the memoryjif _ths. hard times was paadngaway." The debate was remarkable only as showing the chango which has come over the spirit of die Con servative leaders in this matter, for not tie most pronounced freetrader n. the Liberal ranks could speak more plainly on ths hopelessness of a return to protectionist policy than did Mr. Burke -and the Chan cellor of the Exehequer^-not even - Mr | Childers, who eaid that the appointment at. the committee destdeuted wouU be as sensible as "a committee to enquire ?nto the use of the mnifiplii^ni Inn table or tha fact of the rotundity of tueeartb," Th? -1 arguments of Mr. Wheelhonpe were only lasa _ fatal -to his cause than was the diririon-fce , was forced to accept; for when the Tor/ , member for Radical L^eds mustered his regiments only raven AJjSieh were "fattfc ful found amoEg the faithless, faithful only '..' they." Mr. Wheelhouse has been blamed because, while seeking by his motion only . a modified protection similar to that which is still secured for France "under the pre- - sent treaty, all bis arguments were in favor .of the most fossilised style of protection. So far as this change would apply tu Eng land, to speak of reciprocity is really to revive the ghost of protection in another form. Discredited theories, like disre putable individual*., may try t> conceal ' their identity under an alias; but though the voice be J acob's voice, the ha uds are ths bands of Esau. The Orient liner Chimbouxo arrival from Melbourne on Friday. She is tosaillar-: Eiondcm to-night. - The Fall Court will at this rooming at J/ the ususl hour, übeinf the last day of term. Our telegrams from London this morning: annonncs tt??t iier M zjestj the Qaeen has *n trnstcil tfae af-sT}uis of iJ-u.ingl:>a with the task of foiinuis a new Adu>tnitsr*tiun in cea eeqneneeof the rerifnatioiot Rari HeacmriflaM. '.- It Is rumored—bat with what asabaat oC tooth, it is not easy' to d^tarminc the .alain?ia at first refuse lto undertake to fixds a Cabinet, ands?ggesta^HerMaj^aboaUw^foc . i Me. (Badstme, and tbat it was only on |ier zr- ~ fiualto do so that he coaraited to accept th* ', rt^nwmhility... A ■?>fMty nf rnmnfa are afl'aaV-j ! as to the coasfitntioa of die new Ministoy, anft tha nanio .of several *Btstesmc? axe tmuiltHWfla; as prebaUe members of iVbot nothing i> as yet certainly known. - ' " yhe Ggyernment-Rendantin die Northern . Territory has bseu in the habit of Belling drafta on Adelaide at par, bat as the Xngfin, Soot- *. tish, and Anstulian Obarteced Bans, jrtib ban a branch buBU-ess in' the Teuitocy, nara' made a> complaint in the matter, it baa been dpniitnd . buaineM of this kind wuTbetzaiMaeted Uuongb the agency of the bank, with wham bajm «C drafts wiU have to deaL A telegram from London dated April 22, whien we pabUsh this m«min gl an coanoee (another fall of £2 m the pnoe of copper. Walnvroo coppgjiaa again receded to £7(s per ton, end Buna is~ nominall<\- quoted at £74 per too. Ibatwaof taejn«k«t*f Jlat. A report lias been circulated that Mr* Charles tianaey, inspeotorof crodit jaiectioiia, has reeigiwrt his position; but aptaraa weeaa . ascertain there is no truth ia it. air. Bannej oertaiDiy has cot zcrtrarded bis rmi^natinn Ha is uow away from bis office on twain nyaitJi..' leave ot abaeaee, nve or bli uiundu oC which have yet to expire. : > The case of Formby Sc Boise v. the Cor- ' pc^ation and JSj.jtJ oi iie^'thef ; je Oitjr of Adelauie 08-ne before His Honor did lbmif «lud(jeon Vuday,April 23. la thumM<%cfea LlaiutifEs claiotcl chat the defendants -might be restraintd -by order of the court iron pro ceeding with the t oraiauon and ma&uig; of c«c tainfoa^alhsinflitlni arcade; thatruei uugaa - be ordered to cestore the roaiiwa/ tj tae ouo ditio? it was ia belare they comwcua t opsra tMWsan it; tfctt rjvecal notir:s iciouin^cas plaintiffs to do certain works might no declare* void, and £100 damages paid. A Terdict waa returned lor the defendants on the ground that the plaintiffs had not proved "their atla; leant ; being reserved to either party to mars the FaU. Court. Xuexeport of tfae directors of the National Bank «£Ai?trala«ia for tbebalf^eu ended on March 31 last, which appaars in oar advertising colnmiu, proves that the bank is in a moat aaibs factor; position. Zheprofit a«d joss Bcoant for t^^l mauens ahtftM, *fier allowing for aU ex penses and making tfae usual allowance for bzi aebu and other oontiogenoiea, a net profit of £54,265 12a. 6d. To toil bare to ba «Aiaft jEIjBCI 19s. 6d, derived from recovered deSto previously written off, and £7^078 Ss. lid, tho tmiaiina trom tike previoos half year, j—h^ a> toUi of £tf2,TCS 17s. lOd, from whicii, howbvar, a som of £1105175. Bd. has to be deducted foe note tax in Viotgiia. There is thos left for dic tribnUen the sum of £61,600. This tae directors propose toapptopriate in the following mannec Ihay recommeoa that a dividend at tneeateof li!| per cent, per acnum should bo paid to «he> enareholders, whiah will absorb £?0,000; toas £2,600 ;should be carried to the ccaanei fund, bomeag it.up to £890/103; aaA that the balance of £9,1C3 «h"-iM -ks> earned forward' to tfae next half-year. Tha directors state that tbey bate not thought it advisable to ceeonHoead any •ppropriatkin ia. redaction of premises this haU-year, asthejam o&uun;^ fmqniciflsto be madeiuoonnactionwitK the cost and present value ofthis aseat, with tha view of status it in a different manner im future balsuce-aheets to that "in whioh it baa previously appesied. Xbe aggregate bslajwer sheet lor the half-year, including the Loadea. biAucb acoounts up ti Slat December, 18|flL shows that the liabititiesof the bankare—Kotea in circulation, £2?LJH)Z; bills in droulaboa, £Lstil&& 18s. 4d.; dep:uts, £3^07499 10s. 3d.; and balance doe to other banks,£4B^o3 14s. 9d. Theajeetaare-Inepecie,buUiou,?nd cash balances, £571,651 7s. 10i; Govaumank and other debanto-f ?, £131^48 ; billi remitted. £1,456^84 17e. 5d.; balances due by other banks, £26,809 Us. 9d.; notss of other bank*. £11,221145. lid.; bills receivable and other ad ances, i<i,f>2L,V)X 19s. 4d.; and bank premium, 1103,^09125. 3d. The direotars ar- aoon< i ta* sppouuneiit of Mr. John SMijtvij inspector of brauchea in Victoria, ei manager in Aaelaidem. the place of Mr. 'Wilkia-XKi, woa rtcdutlr rt signed to become manager of theBank of Adelaide. Three tenders for the construction of a reservoir in the Hundred of Dublin have been opened in the Surveyor-General's department. That of H. Withers was the lowest. The 'ralni?£ manager of the Royal Crown. Company, Heaflicote, reporting for the -week «udis?T April 16>«tates that the man have wink six feet, and that the total depth of the Ade laide shaft ia 297 feet. A man named William Fawcett died at the Destitute Asylum on Friday, April 23. The ■eoroner was mmmunioated with, and an inquest ■wDI "be held at the asylum to-day. A! rery ficfi. specimen of a pie-melon, £rown by Mr. F. Luxmusre, of Port Vinoent, vu brought to JPors Adelaide by the steamer Wakefleld on Fxidsy, April 23. Issleujthwai fatly 2 feet, and its greatest diameter 19 inobas. -Its weight was dose upon 57 lbs. We have seen at the establishment of -Mr. C. H. Manning, photographer, King Wil- liam street, a portrait in oils of the late Mr. Henry Muirhead, who was a colonistof 35 years and a highly respected citizen of Adelaide. The painting is executed from a photograph of the deceased. The artist of c0urse labored under the disadvantage of not having a sitting by the original, but notwithstanding this he has pro- duced what is in nearly all respects a faithful likeness. A memorial is being influentially and extensively signed in Gawler for presentation to the Government, setting forth the strong cesire of the townspeople to have goods-sheds and other buildings erected at the Murray-street terminal of the team way. It ia proposed to lay -the memorial before the Commissioner of Public Works as soon as can be arranged, and an argent request is to be made that the proposed strue -feires ehoold be erected without delay, 8* that the trade of the town may be facilitated. On Thursday afternoon, April 22, three . members of the volunteer force met for rlffe practice at the Glen Osmond range. .Xbe light •was ygtj bad, but some good shooting was ex . hibited. Martini-Henri rifle* were used, and the military Doaition wm adopted. j The dis tances were 490, 6CJ, and cJOOysrds, tenshota at eachdistance. The following.are the total score*:—Private James Morcom, 112 points; Trooper M. lieonard, 108 points; and Private J. Baldwin, of Bedhfli, 102 points. A meeting was held at Quorn on Taes day, April SO, to take into consideration the adVisableneas of having the township of Qaorn declared under the Police Act. Mr. Qua. A. Solom in oooupied the chair. It was proposed by y.r. J. it. Smth. secsnded by Mr. OUrk, and xrjolved—That steps be taken to get the H'ludredof Fichuichrbrought unier the opera tion of the Police Acs." Messrs. O'ark and Smith were appointed to take the necessary atepr. " During the terrific storm oE Thursday April 15," writes the Jas^ttava. Review,- a team of six bosses and a araggou, the property of Mr. Treleaven, was on the road near AUnrtaaarie, when.* Hmding -flash of lightuias; wasUnstan taneowly followed by- an appalling -otap of thunder. Oat of six hir^es five were struok <k>*rn,stad upon examination two prorod bbe dead, although there was no visible sign of the lightning stroke. Toe other three shortly re • covered, and the driver himself w*s absolutely unhurt," The secretary of the Central Board of Health, Melbourne, has forwarded a telegram to Hr.B. G. Thomas, the secretary of the Can tral Board of Health ia this colony, (toting that outbreak of measles in Melbourne had bees graced to a man who, with hi* wife and twochi[ •dien, arrived by th. Kent ia January last, and wtiu iiad since leit llaiiucaburr, in Victoria, for South Amtralii. tie further stated that tile •a^ease «.is of a mil.l t^ ?e, and oat of 17 ci?e* which bid occtrrr • oiuc- Jaau??y only one had .pro: ii fi_ 1. .;. is t3 learn, that • •■our city is. n canxng to the authorities in a ii condition as fit as healtu is concerned. The IWara. mine, near Meuttcute, a de -MHipiicn ol which we recently gave, is being ■way tatisiactorily developsd. Tne richbla^k -coticd ore whicii was cat at the depth of 3J fetheme in the shift on April 6 has continued duwn to the bottom s.t present resshel—6 fathems 4 feet. The fact of a shaft 9 xSle.it Slaving been sunk two fathoms mace in a fort joight by only three men speiks wall for the esw mature of the country, whi.L j. aa before men tioned, a akmdl> n clayslute. The permanent «nd nilnable character of the Icie is considered *o be now folly established, and the Messrs. 43cott are to be cangtatuljted oh having openc 1 -op a very valuable property. The following is Friday monang*« -weather report on thtf Adelaide and PoH Darwin *2elegraph Una:—Beltane, calm, clear, fine; farina, &.W-, light, ttear, fine, cool; Btrang ways Springs, B.^ fresh, ■clear, fine, rery cold; ¥eake,B., moderate, clear, fine, cold; {Jfcadotte Wattts, aE.,3stM?g, clear, fine ; Atiee Springs, -&B;,'fresh, dear, fiae; Burow Creek. €3.. iight,dsody, dull, threatening; Toonant Oreek, 48, itnug, elMdr. dull; PoweU Oceek, SJt, feeeh, ekwdy, dall.eoM; Daly Waters. Bli!, few eloaas, £ne, cool; Pine Oreek, -ealm,«lear,fine, hot; 7am Greek, 8.8, light, •dsar, fine; Soutiiportt BJB, light, dear, fine, «arm; Port Darwin, ealm, dear, fine. The construction of a wharf and ap proaches at UTells's Creek, a place situated between Anflrn—su and Clinton, ob the ekitstn ■coast of Torke'sfeninsoia, has been advoostsi ■by the farmers m the vicinity, and esma time -ago a ■jffiHvtstion' waitei on the Treasnxar ■ti ■ teingjtbe matter under bis attention. Mr. .Mann was favorably imprescsd with (thearga aneatsasedby the depataUou, anipromised to •obtaia a report from the Surveyor-General si to ihesaitabOity of W&W;* Oreek as a •oippiag.- place. The Sarveyor-Geaeral, owing to the ..pressure of other Business, has not yet had time 4o attend to the matter. We understand, bow ever, that the Maiine Bmrd will visit WeUVs •Oreek in a few dsf*,'3rftba viear of judging ol 'its fitness or otherwise *i a shipping alaee.and Hxe Tr?asurer also iateeds, if poasibliej to nuke a trip to the *pot during ibe eonrass d* next weak. .. -■ ... .:;-"-' A. theodolite od an improved pattern-has recently 4>een made by Mr. O. Uoettger, of Flinders-street, for a licensed surveyor of tins •city. The instrument embodies several innora laous, which appear to be of eoosideraUe value. JZoetesd of the usual four parallel plate screws are ttree screws, and by the oontinoatiou S& the axis through the sfatad the instrnmea" rmay^aiwayu be kept verti&il; over any peg in tfas grcutd. (The horizontal limb, with the exeep -. tiou J tte veruiar piate, is covered, so as to protect this part of the itiK'.ruineat from injury. • One great advantage is a prism fixed under jUiath the verticil limb, by means of which a compass bearing may be read at a glance. Tliera ate various other departures fro-n jhe usual desiga tending to promote -fie easy working and general useful ness of the the-jdo-.ite. Toe instrument his rbeen shown to the authorities in the Survey -Department, and aeesas to bare given much .-satisfaction. Its cost, we believe, is about £35. "The distinguished astronomer,' Mr. Jlichard A. Proctor, who during the last few agontbs has teen lecturing on his favorite scieoee of astrenomy to erowded audiences in Canada . 4nd the United States, has been gradually ■ ir«ti"|[ hfa way westward, and when the last sail left Ban nranefsoo it was expected," states tie Sj/d*ty Morning Heiald, " that he would -arrive in that eisy about the end of Karon, and -sail for Sydney by the April mail. It is stated that in visiting the antipodes Mr. Proctor's -chief object is to assist in the exploratioa of the -coutbern heaveas and the cataloguing of the stars, wfaicn important works are now being prosecuted at the Melbourne Observatory. Bat in America, where they have beard Thackeray, Dickens, Henry Ward Beecher, Wendell PhiUios, Professor Huxley, aud the Rev. Charles Olark^Mr- Proctor'i eooc^as on the pUtfonn bas been seprononnoed that it may sslely be pre sumed that he will be. induced to lecture in some of the principal oities in toe eolonies, srherebjf nasae fs sOieady known as a reraatile author andjtonlribator to the Contemporary and other eevjewf." The ■- following- appointments recom mended by fee OWaf Inspector of Souorta tave fceenapprove* rffcy the Ministorof Edooation: -li. 8. McAiwwy.head teacher, Aldinga \Vikj Potter, BBsi?%antteacher, Norwood; Kartha inwmas.eMWiftnttesriier.Saddlewortb; W.H. Bd warns. prnwskmafcfa?acfaer, Hnrjootpsqr^ean J ■ffill. y^^i.l foffVi fiprinffield f ffilUIU, aUtcheU, sewing in&toess;, Wasleysf Maiy ■GiintKer, sewing mistress, Kanmantpp; aWe saret J.Tl?iihqpucy, monitor, Tongsla; WiHisan limes,-pnjil' teacher, Salisbury; WiHtam'H. Osborne, pupil seaeber, Goolsra ; John Ifodd, ■ pnpil tesoher. I*fesre's Penuuula; Louisa Simons, pupil teaser, Borra; Bebeeea Solomon, pupil teacher, Qrote-street Model and Practising School; Sarah A, Ashton, pupil taasher, Grofco atreet; Oliver D. /ones, pupil teacher, Wallaroo Bay ; Thomas O. Bjldea, Emma M. HIU, and W.B.Hambidge, pupil teachers. City Model: Caroline Snook, popil teacher, Hiadmanh; W. B-Propsting, pupjl teacher, Borra; Thomas S. Davie, pupil teachfr, Kapunda; Bdmuu Farrow, pupil teacher. Port Adelaide; Louisa O. Fox, pupil teaeher? Hindmarah ; Ethel B oole, pupil teacher, Glenelg; Minnie Elliott, pop teacher, City Model? ?an« McLean, pnpl toauhesy-liefevrefli Peninsula ; Annie M Aoson, pupil teacher, Xadina; Annie C. Bennetts, pupil teacher, Norwood; Pauline Sohache, papil | teacher,tireenock. •; The following was the rainfall be- . tween 9 ajn. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday:— Adelaide .- o*lso Narridv „. 0045 Daly Waters... 0090 Georgetown .„ Ot)SP -Wjknington ... 0460 BedhOl ... OSSO Melrose • ... o<so Aubora ... oiso Laura ... .- 0055 Hoyletoa ._ 0-070 Port Pine ... 0200 Balsklava ... 0"*40 : OaltoWie ... 0183 Port Wakefield 0-010 Jamestown ... 0150 Port Victoria... 0130 Maidand ... 0190 Kappnrta ... 0170 Minlaton „. 0340 Tanunda ... 0125 Torketown ... 0-030 Gawler ™ 01Mb Stansbnry ... OSSiO] Mannnm „. 0530 Warooka ... OifiSO Mount Pleasant O^SO Wentworfch „. 0020 Gumeraoha ... 0250 North-W. Bend 0-030 Mount Torrens 0120 Blanchetown... 0-030 Saliabaiy ... 0145 Biverton ... 0-100 Noarlunga ... 0105 Monnt?arfcer... 0080 Cape Jervis ... 0285 Strathalbyn ... 0-062 Port Elliot ... 015S WUlungs ... 0 230 Goolwa... ._ 0320 Normanvitle... 0300 Meningie ... 0-lliO Fowler* Bay... 0-250 Kobe ... „. 0-020 Streaky?ayj... 6650 Narraooorte ... 003; Portloncoln ... O'ISO Luciadale ... 0310 Oape?orda ... 0175 Penola Oil) Kingscote ... 0*455 Mount Gambier 0110 The following is a copy of a letter refer ring to the accident which took plase on tbe Port'railway on Tuesday evening, the 20th inst. which has been forwarded to tbe Commissioner ot Publio Works by tiie Engineer-=n Chief:—"ln sending in my report on the result of my inves tigation into tiie cause of tee aooident which occurred at the Adelaide station on the evening of the 20th inst., I beg to state that as it is to be attributable to tiie breaking of tbe connect ing rod -between the switches and the signal cabin, there will be no necessity to institute a formal enquiry, because the breakage of the rod is accounted for by the passage of an engine or train backwards through tiie switches when they had been set for another Una, thus causing the points to be foul for the next up train. The proximity of these switches to the platform is to some extent a guarantee that no serious accident can happen to passengers from the derailment of a train, as the speed is very materially reduced and the train quite under the control of tbe enginemap. An additional lamp will be placed at there switches as an extra safeguard, working independently of the signal- man, and by this means serves as a guide for the engineman in approacling them. The whole of j the Adelaide yard is being rearranged to admit the double line, and these switches, as well as several others that are now used as facing points, will be shortly removed, and the risks of accidents reduced to a mtnfmnijn by the adop tion of the most recent improvements in inter locking gear." Mr. Herring, the Resident Secretary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, nas sent us a copy of tiie report adopted at tte thi-iy first annual meeting of members held in Sydney, on Wednesday, April 21, The report states that .tiie progress which has marked the sozietj"* operations hitherto continues r? be satisfactorily maintained. During the tmlve months ending j 31st December, 1879, 9,496 proposals were re ceived for sums amounting to £3£38,735, of which 3,361 were deslined, withdrawn, or not 1 completsd, amounting to £1,236.050; leaving ! 8,135 proposals accepted and complete l,atta-ing j £2,102,885. This business includes 833 non- I participating policies assmmj £31,413. Tbe j new preminms amounted to £74,355 12*. 2d_, of wriich £4,08218&.5d. represents tingle payment). ! Claims have arisen under 279 life p>Ucici by j the death of 238 members, amounting to ! £142,832 9i. Gd., includiue £40,832 9s. fid. for \ bonos adilitions. Thirt:2n endowment aisu- ! ranees have also marnrcd. amouitinj t> £7£69 !?•? 3d, including £8,11914v JJ. for bonu; a Idi tions. lh? accumulate fuad now stands at £^C3,T97 7s. 2i.. >ho*;ag an insreise of £3*7,73b §-~ d^ the balance of rcuipt* over duborsements during the year. The number of ' policies i«ucd sime the eit?blishment of the : sccitty t3 the 31st De%mber, IST9. is 52,149, - s^Eoring £19,672,750, of whicii 13.035 have been J di<conti<iued. learing 39.3S ■ existing pnlicu:. | assr'i ing£l4J2o3,3sL The annual income from j preminms amounts to £532.117 3s. lA, aud from j interest to £192^.65 16s. Id., making the totil j annual revenue of the society £394,232 19s. 3d. ! The society has £20,033 16i. 2d. invested ia ! Bouth Australian G ovezament debentures. | The inhabitants of Daoedin, in New Zealand, says the OUgo Witness, h?ve never i be3n in such a state of ariiety for the safety ' of their lives and prope-ty as at the pre-ant •' time. The dsatirdly and bratsl ootrage ?i ■ Camberiand-etcrst w?-<. certaiily eaoo?b to ; strike terror into the hearti of the m-jtfeirleis, . while tiie many attemptaat cvon and burglaty that have been made of iat3 have had tbe effest •■ of putting tiie citizens on their gmrd. Akuijht of the cleaver, residing not far -from the scene of tiie recant tragedy, determined to be prepared 1 for any noctarnal attack, ■?med himrdf with a , Colt's revolver, which, mnch to the diagnrt of I his better-half, be insisted on placing under- '. ntath bis pillow ere he laid himself ' down to sleep. Tha sequel proved that his ; precantion was not unnessisary. In the ■ middle of the night be was awakened by a j noise as of someone endeavoring to raise the I window, and, tsingamauof action, hecisei \ his weapon and "let drive" a ballet in the direction of the supposed intruder. The report was followed by a smashing of glass and a dull thud. Then a sodden revulsion of feslingon the part of the doughty butcher, who began to j doubt whether tbe-victim of his nnerriag aim was a burglar er a prfioemsn With some mis givings, be went outside, and, with emotion* j that can be better imagined than deijribed, dis- ; oovared that be had mortally wounded bis j wife's favorite cat. He onveyed tbe dying i animal fr> his bedroom, and for half an hoar had !. what our A merman friends call "a go id timer* ' This mania for self-defence with firearms is i really going too far. Oaring a m?at week j more revolvers and pistols wets sold in Donedin than daring the previous five years. Mr. George Osborae, in a letter recently i published in xialOawarra Hereby (N.8.W.;. describes an alleged cure of diuuthcria as ' follows:—"Mr. John New«on, bricklayer, in my j employ at the new public school buildings, Char- ! coal, a few weeks since lost bis elde«t child, owing to diphtheria. Another child ia thdsame family became seriously affected, and although under fckilfiil treatment, tbe ilUpaie had spread I so rapidly that uo rtopa «n eaterUhivl :\>r its | recovery. A few days ago. wbile the fi'her of the cliU*t was slakiog lime in my presence, h". i was deteribiug to me the suffering hi* p?r child J had to endure, especially while brushing ' tbe throat, a saggestrra sccideatally oo- I corred to me that if it were pjstible to have the patient held over the steasa ascend ing from tLe lime while under tbe pr.jceu of t ;?i.ing probably good result* might be ptoductd. Tbe father, anxious to do any- ' thing to save the child's life, adopted the sug gestion, and took a lump of the unslaked stone Lime to his residence, pat it in a basin, slaked it in the bedroom with boiling water, and held the child over the steam to inhale as mash as possible, until it got in a state of perspiration, after which, whea it feU thitaty, he gave it* drink of lime water, ft imisujtfately discharged from tiie mouth a quantity of snifter obstruct ing the throat, and in a few hours partook of a hearty meal and slept well during the ought, and uss now quite recovwef Mo (ioubt the mfK"** profession will pooh-pooh such an idea, «nd attribute the recovery to some other cause. Be that as it may, here is a case in point, that all the argument or. language in the Kngliah tongue will not convince your hamUa servant or tbe parents of this child than any other remedy than that above stated saved its life." The question of a new casualty jhpspitai for Port Adelaide, which hbs been for so long a time under the consideration of the Government andgthe local authorities, seems now to be ap proaching a settlement. It has never teen dis puted that such an institution is required, as the inconvenience of the premises at present used as a hospital is Wfilljniown, but the diffi culty has been in fixing upon, a suitable site. Wh|n the Government commenced to build the new Custom-Hbase the idea was mooted that tiie building then used bf tbe Customs Depart partment should be converted into a hospital, _ and some correspondence took place on the sub ject between the Port Corporation and the Go- Wwntfffft, fofllalifrT ■"^"■"g *" "■— «"?p^np""* tafrarably. When, however, tiie Custom-Honse afpdahi moved into their new offices the lower part of the old building wi? altered for use as | lileirantiilfi Marine offioiw, leaving only the upper rwrtavailableior a hospital. After further corre- Dr.Gething rfeited and inspasted the rooms over the Mercau tne Marine offices to see if they could be made 'mutable for tiie purpose required, but no con idflslan was arrived at, although it was thought that they would do if no better place could be obtained. Lately the Architect-in-Chief, with Dr (Geaiing, inspected a vacant piece of land opposite tibe Inatitate, and an opinion was expressed that 'a hospital large enaugh tefeeport might be erected there. A report to this effect was made to the Government, and fhortiy afcersrards Mx. JBostw ****& «« Chief Secretary to Jsnow .whether anything was to be dqne in tbe natter. The latter said he thoightflleGVrenu?ent would not be jojti&ed; in going to this expense of erecting a new build ing at Fort Adelaide for a castalty hospital, but he had requested the Architeot-in-Ohief to draw oat plans and give an estimate of the oortof new offices for the Mereanffle Marine Depart tnent, which might be pat up on the piece of land epokctvot In that ease the old Onstom- Honse ooold be antirely devoted to the porposei of a casualty hospital. A large and influential mealing wrV held on Monday, April 19, in the Hundred of Willoebxa, f or the purpose of urging the Go- Ternment to call for tenders for the construction of theTerowie and PichiricW line of railway between Onoroo and Quom. Mr. jr. Bock wai in the chair. He said he always thought that the Government woald call for tenuera for the line from Terowie to Pichirichi at ones, so that the work would ba started from both ends simultaneously. The Government eoaXA get the necessary material via Port Augusta for that end of the line. He thought it would be a great injustice to the district X the Government did not call for tenders at once, and have operation* commenc;i at the Quom end. Mr.'Hkhnaman moved—" That in the opinion of thid meeting the Government should call for tenders forthwith for the con struction of the line of railway from Orroroo C3 Quom, tiie work to commence at the Qaorn end." He said he raw no reason why the Go vernment should not call for tenders at ones for that partion of the line. Tne railway would ran through splendid e?ricu(taral land all thfi way from OrtoroD tj Qaorn, and if it were constiacted it woald bs the connecting link between the railways of the south and the Government Gams line. Farmers having to send wheat from the aresi anywhere north of Orroroo by a railway to the oath woald lose considerably, as Port Aug<i«ta was the natural outlet for the produce of the arets north of Orroroo. Mr. D. Molouey seconded, and the motion was carried. On the motion of Mr. Abbot, seondci by Mr. Dimond.a committee eon«i«ting of the following gentlemet,representing seven agricultara' arew, wan appointed :—Mrvrs. J. Aitchesan, J.P, J. McNamara, J.P., M. Bury, 3. Eok, Wm. Abbot, Barrett, P. Bnnfield, McDougall, M. Manning, D. DimoDd, Gregrt, Grimes, R. Brumby. M. Holy, P. J. Kearney, Orey. aid Polglaze. The c )mniitt=e to com- nonioat > «ith the Ccmmi-ssioner of Public Work", and carry ont the wishes of the meeting. lOn Friday mornins; a deputation i from Marraooorte waited on the Minister of Education with reference to the telegraphic accommodation in that township. Mr. B." W. E. Hennirg, HP., introduced the depuUtion. I and preeented an inflaentiaUy-signed memorial bearing 55 tiguatures, which aet oat that gnat inconvenience and obstruction to buiness had been caused by the great distance the post and telegraph offices were situated from the buti { ness centre of the township. The banks, insti tute, Government school, and the principal places of businets were three-quarters of a mile from the post and tele graph offices, and at nearly all the business transacted by the offices named was through these establishments, the memoria lists prayed that the Miniater woald take she necessary steps- to establish a branch post and telegraph offioe in a central position. They pointed oat that the extra oast of working the I branch office woild be light, as suitable pro- I mises could be secured at a low cental, and very I little offioe assistance would be required; more ! over they were eonadbut u*st a considerable ! increase to the revenue of the telegraph de i pattment would be the result. Mr. Henning | said the memorial was aigoed by all the business ! peopleinttamooorte.andthereforewaaofamore ! representative character than ordinary memo ! rials. He thocght ft was hardly neeertary Ito dilate on the inconvenience c%usad by the ! present arrangement of the post and telegraph ! offices, as the Minuter himself|bad suffered bv |it when on his visit to .Kanaoojrte. He was | cot aware who was to blame for placing die offices in their present poaitioa, but "i: was evidently a mistake. Narraeoorce was where the telegraph station was sitntted and Kiaccaig i wa* where the places of bjuneas were ; erected. fie thought a suitable roam ' for a branch office could be obtained at a t rental of something like £30 a year, and at | the offices were intended to benefit tha | puUic, be considered the request ot the memo rialists a reasonable one. Us. A. Har<if, U.P, also spoke of the inconvenience earned by the | present situation of the office, 'ud said were | a branch office erected there was no doubt i that the expenditure would ba campensatei for Iby the extra amount of businets trtuubj.ed by tt«s telegraph depart-nent. Hannderatoslthst 1 tbecoun-boase aid not offer aamciout •ccim , modstion for the future waati of the place. Home alteration was required, and whea ttiat matter eameoo for concidcraUoi ibe iqaettioa of a head pott-i^tUce might also be coasidered. The Minister said he nndAstoodaercskMipaMtad the townships of Natraooorta and Kin«rai2, and it seemed to him that it woald have bees the j wisest plan in the first instance to have erected j the telegraph station ctir the creek. (Sear j bear.) Mr. Todd said the oftiw** were plaaed in ! their present position **—"— it was a Gorem- j nmt township, and the perrons mho bought lasd there expected the Government to build in she township. There was so land to be had in Kinnraig for the purpose nnlwi the Government porchased it, while there was a Government j reserve in Kancaooorta. The managrrs of the L toeal National Bank and the BaaC of Sooth AnstraUa havicg spoken, the Minister said it seemed to nim an utterly stupid thing to place the post and telegraph offices in their present position, and if he had been in offiee a* the : time it should not have occurred. (Hear, hear.) Personally he had experienced the inconvenience at the arrangement. B a branch office were erected at Kinoraig th« offioe at Narracoorte , «onld not be dosed, and another efficer would ; have to be employed, to that the whole matter resolved itself into a question of frrf*\m^ He felt that the deputation had made oi>t a strong I «ase, and that something ought to be done. He 1 would obtain a report from Mr. Todd as to the I co*t of carrying on a branch office, and would then lay the matter before his colleagues, whom he woald recommend to favorably consider it. 'Ob Friday enuring, April 23. tho Civil ! Service JUine Oomp^ny met at the Prince f Alfred Haiti, to make the presentation of I tbe prism «oa ct the Ust prise meeting of tee a apany, which took place at Dry ! Creek oa April 10. Oaptain T. P. Wickkted occupied tLe cbair, and i*jo.t?¥iaai Soother tbe vice-sVau. Alter tbe loyal touts the chairman gave " I>b Minsncy," saving that they had i given eubcUotial encouragement to, aud had I klws^ 4 takcu an interest in she cjaipiavaa.i the i movement with which it wni«oi>uecte.i. lu jiro -1 i*vtiag "Tiie 6.AJ«Jt. Aiweiatioo," the cttsir toan said the I nturc of the associauon promise 1 to be siincsssfnl Tne old awociation haJ done I good service, anal the su«r ■ascaationwaseuual to its duties. Tne fiine Oompan)« Act needed amendment in lite dircclisu ot oucipor uuiuiu mtion, and a greater uuaibar ot comfuUsry drills. He coupled the nsrae of Payui ntsr Minn with the toa#t. Mr. Maui in reipjodiag said last year the association numbered over 700; uow thfi number was £39, bui tljey were good men and Uiu). Last yaar there were only MOO in uniform; uow there were nea'iy SJJ. The Oivil Set vioe.Oompany had m?de agi ad vance, bat etHl there was rooai for iaxpr jtemeut, and be hoped that each member wouUl during next year bring in at least oaa recraU. Altuoo^h the present uniform wai a good one, he tboognt it would ultimately give way to a gray suit. Is regard to ammqnition£he believed that greater >t .j«j?n«i? frnm Pariiamwit would 1)3 obtained. A capitation grant woald be a great assistance in paying expenses. The thanksof the company were due to Instructor* Butt, Hanson, and Oal laghan for their kind aniittanre. Col. Downes \\**a most thoughtfully sent instructors into the country, and in tune perfaaju still grertsraid would be afforded in the way of skilled instruc tors. He thought no recruits should be allowed to enter the ranks nntil they had gone through the preliminary drill, as otherwise older members were kept back. He bopii the Civil Service Company would come weH to the rrant in futur-s, and he would bs happy to offer a bugle as a prise at the next meeting- X^PpbulB6) Lieut. Btrother, in eompUmentary terms, gave u The health of the heads ot deparbnents." A capital localised song, in which the members of (Jib Civil Service Company were brought in by P-m^ waa sung, and the chairman then distri buted the prise? as follows:—Ministerial Cap, Private Hipwell, tbe highest aggregate scorer; OhaUenge Cap, Sergeant W. W. Andrews, who' bad won it three times. Chief , prizes in the Government Grant—Privates j Carralbers and Hipwell, Sergeant Hol liug?wortb, Lieutenant Strother, Privates Hart, SeweU,andLloyil, and Sergeant Andrews. Eogi ceac?' Prize—PriTata Hipwell, Third Match —Cup, Sergeant Andrews; cornet. Private Hart ;Bnfifc-d rifle, Lieutenant StrotUtr; glove and handkerchief boxes. Sergeant HoUings worth. Oonealatioa Prises—Privates Wildman, Stoets, and Burns. Lieutenant Strothet gave "The oldS.A.KifleAssaeiation/'coupled with the names of Mr. S. J. Skipper, the late secre tary, and Mr. John Opey,one of the members of tie old council. He said the success of the new rifle movement was due to tiie very ener getic efforts of Mr. Skipper and the members of the old council. He was himself a member •of that council, and be knew now Mr. Skipper and others had worked, the late secre tary baviog done so at a pecuniary !o6f. Mr. Bkipper responded, aad gave "The health of Colonel Downes." who he said had entered into the movement with the greatest heartiness and cardiality. South Australia had now, thanks to the new Rifle Association, a body of which she might bs proud, aud which m%htfcer«Uedupontodefend hershouldomasion uaie. . Oahwel.Downe&'s health was draak with loudapplause. The chairman said thegratatade of 'tte CBvil Bervice Company was specially dne to Colonel Downes, sn he suggested its forma tion. Mr. Opey also responded, briefly alluding to the initiatory stops which led to the formation of the new association, and expressing his interest in rifle enc sting. He offered a prim of £8 2b. to be fired for at tbe nest competition of, the Civil Bervioe Company, which announce ment «aa received with loud acoUmatioa. The other toasts were tbe heatth of the "Oaptain and Officers of the Company." proposed by Pay?asterMann, 4'ataffSeri[eant?nrt,I'proposed by tbe chairman, "The Indies." and "The Press." The proceedings, which were enlivened with songs, were thoroobgly enjoyed. We have been requested to ciU atfsn tion to the fact that the stiliu? of thestr.m^r Lenra has been postpone 1 till 1 o'clock tii:s afternoon. To-morrow morning the Bev John Lloyd, of Wallaroo, will preach in the Corgreg itkm.il Chnrch, fludmarsh. In the aftaniooti an; evening be will conduct service a: the Fl'-ideu stxeet Presbyterian Church schooUcam. There was a good attend mce at tb; cirons on Friday evening, rid the peiToroiij : were much apprciiJtrd. Tuere will ba at aitemoon perfoima-ce t> 3ay. rnJ the nopintr W7<i psrform for the last time in Adelaide to night. On Fiiday evering a meeting of ladies and gentlemen desironi of totaling a choir to aid in thecsnduot of Mr. Bi'-nett's sei vi ■? was held at the Town H^U. Abiut tauty persons signified their willingaess to join, sad a choir was formed. We understand tbatt'ie i"ifinia'ued North Adelaide and Qicdmarsh crick *, metch ie to I ■ played out on the Oval to day. A sogg-ition has been made about playing the fioil mat:h on the same d«y, rbould it fca reudercl nesec sary by the result of tbe (, .me no jv aafia>shed, bat it is questionable whether th:<i «i" bs agreed to. We understand fiat Mr. A. FTiy^nan, of the well-known firm of Messrj. Hiscocin and Hayman, theatrical n>ansgera, procaedei t> America by the but Sin Frsiciwsa mail t> engage same fresh and sts'fing novelties for the colonies, and will reta'n in at >at tht^e months. Mr. F. K. Hiscocks remuos ti canduct the butines? during his absence. The Chimborazo brought two or threa prominent members of tbe Me'.boc-ae ilc^t") 1 Adelaide «n Friday, and ti? conseqaeaee tfapra wstsomei-trsightjnt h^tt'-j on tto A^e'.'de Cup at the Globe and T?t: 3..-1U dutiij tbe evening, Etvaliy being tbe favori' i at 4 aad 5 to 1; 100 to 15 was taken vnd offer. laL >at any thing else. At half-past 5 o'clock this evening Mr. Ifatbew Burnett ii to fcj U"c ii Li-?ht-iqu—e. An hoar lat?r be will oetiver a spe-< tl aad-e?« to yoong man in the Wesleyan Church, Pir^ street, and at haif-pait 7 a moifster tsmpaeaace meeting istobe heldattheXown H«l>. The lit: ?r gathering 'will be presided over by His Hone the Chief Justice. Another fashionable alJkion has bee a made to the HoipheUvilla b.jJ ia Oairiweli, tiie winner of tbe Moll >i-ue Cup. Sir Thoai - Bidet having pocoha ed Uw Cup viet - f -n>n Mr. W. E. Dakin at a gooi roaqd ti^are. Ih<* f«'S and atordy cm of Tim Wniffler abonid bs a valuable ac^uiiicicn to the If irphettvilie istil hsitmtut The musical novelty, " H.M.S. Pina •ore.' wi'l beprodn -j3at theTnntre Boyal on SSouftj- fmai>?ht, t*ie Pip-*af« Gjmpi .y rii! irp from Mt4t •nrne on Monday we sk. Do -it; tbe rrn ot the opei* hce the dtimf.ic cjm puny wi 1 pay a visit to the principal northern tvwmbips, commencing their tsor at Giwlel -•41 Wiy 10 and 11, and app^riqg atterwardt at K&puntis;, Clare, Scsrinja, Jameatowc <;!a4ii{ore. tiuxa, Por« Pirie. and Port Aujaita, iu " Oar Bojb" and other i>opa'i' pieces. Amccg the South Australian Footbal' Af-octation Clubs who pis./ op-jp-'u;. p-_-!tioe, and otbt i<at=hf i tfa-> day are the A >->laide dab, aerat-di vr tcb, caprtia v. vioc*p in. on their own groood ; Norwood*, op 30ias mateh, onthoirown ground; Pot. Adela: le«, opjn'i; color match od the Albei: to Oval, first twenty v.alleosneis of then.ood twenty; >ii South Pars>,op3>iD;eolormat'!h on tS« Suth P^-k Linds. Ine f?rh AdeUioV% who have pre viously placed tSeir op9nio<c c*™*. «^' V'i a color snatch on the South Par^laands " Arrali-na-Pogue" was again enrht)'-iflc ■ tically retdived at the The at e Kaval on Friday evening. Tne some p)ay will b^ presMt: 1 thin e\eniDg for the last time. A w.sialiitJKJi •ill be attichc i to tU double bill tha is t> k - presented on Monday evening ness, wben Mr. and lfr?. Witlianiwin ?i;i vkuoae the parti of Felix and Penelope iu the new c xac ly, •• Snow bo"," and V-. E. afar shall, the cwstediwi (brotbsr of Mr. Marsha" of *•?• Lwdon Oomeay Compeiy), will mate his ant appsatanca in the oohauci si Uncle John, ia "The Ohitne One^iou.*' The liujardt, who ?-e well k town throi'shout the other caloniev m% clever c tutc dians, have' been engaged by H*. Alli>>n to appear at tin Theabtt Boys' during tVs present dncaatic seatan. Mr. and Mu. Linjard are great fovotttes in Melbsome m'A Syds«y, and wQI bo doubt become popular an tne Adelaide boards. The improvements made ia thedraininir of the Old Adelaide Oouro have t?sn tt efieoUve that «rea after the « tea* ra«'is there is no appss'ance whatever of tmi'tg. Mr. Bn«ttv<4f-d tha < *ant on Friday aftetat «n in company with other spxtin? men, and the coon« profrr, as well si the tnta<n; tr.«->lr, m; ? in a rwditian that wac'd allow of goal gal loping in a few boon. Some <£ Sir Thomis Bsdeis bones hava bsen brouiht up fwn MorpbetviUe by TothiH. t) do thsi' work on the old eoana, and quarters have r an tsken for than at the I. «d B-vglsi H-jf-st, Vaymsarb street. Mr.Bennett itforc* ><' that >tim' it ing of the committee of the Adelaide Hieing Club on Wednesday, it was rcxrivri that the title of tbe Adelaide Btiksa should b;.Uttrel next year to that ot the .a-lelaide Bt. Liger, *ud (bat the Nu'sery Brakes should bsincrew;l .iom£lSU to £ZM, to ba lakes ift?r tte approaching Mtj tuestiug. Ihe settling for tho Lite Gawler racei took pltie on Thursday evouiog. Aft 11 2t, at Hei-«itJnc's Onwler Arms Uot«!, Mi'-.-ay-eUt^L, Gawler. The chair sras occupied by Msjnr Msbin, JJ*., mid there werepraieut—M&:?o. U. B. Hricht,jnn. (M?jor ot 6j*ler). V S. Our latt, J.P . J. Dawson. XP., D. W. Daffield, J.P., J. JenWius, K J. Wilvjn (Uon. r^retiiy). and otikai. Apolo&a-s; we?t; ru;ivt 1 for the nnavoidable alTseD^-1 of tbe H'>n. J. Cfozier, III.C, and Me*«r*. H. Ho jtia- and It. T. iteid. The chairman announce 1 the following piy meuts:—Para Para StoHe -M-. W. Suttshin sea's Lochaber, £70. Pl}'tn; H-indic?[ -Mr. W. PUe's Country Girl, £50. Steeple ibi-- - Mr. O. L. Taylor's Ligbtfort, £S9. Gjwier Cap —Mr. R. T. Beil's Baecineer, £I<M; M-. T. Jordan's Don Carton £t<); Mr. O. L. McDonald's Sir Ouarles, £5. N«-*etv 6tiic£i— Mr.B. T. Bald's Aurora, £50. SiliHj Htek ttace—Gsylad. £30. Mr. FoUand elaioaei the iaat-mentioaed amnnat, aud aftir same a-nor->t of difmssiontheoommitt;3dejiJetting .ytne tbe piyasesit uitit t!i<? el?;-n cop'd tj c«" vitied. Champagne was then iitroducel, aid a numbar of toasts suitable to the occasion «*re proposed and restwdedto. On Thursday eveninp, April 22, a very successful entertainment was given in tbe hail of the Institute. Glen Osmond, in aid of the organ fund of the Cburrh of England fiere. The Hon. H. Scott, M.kC., wai prevent:*!, by indisposition from taking the chair, which was occupied by tiie Bev. W. H. Studio. Tha tntertainment, which was almost entirely cnusical, commenced with a duet on the pianoforte, very effectively played by tiie Mines Smith of Port Adelaide. A part song for four voices, "There is a Cata," was sweetly sung by Mi?3 Bonking, Miss Webb, and Messrs. Lewis and Hosking. Mast* F. J>unn then sang in a masterly i"""* the comic song " I likos to walk me oat," and was heartily encored. MisaSmith gave very prettily , "Oh! oh! hear the wild wind blow." After a dnet, "The Gipsy Countess,'* by Mies Hoiking aad Mr. Lewis, tiie first part of the pro gramme was concluded by a comic sang, " The Spelling Bee," fey Mr. Price. The sec and part was opened with an overtake on the pianoforte by Master Dunn, very well played, aad followed by *• Jessie's Dream,"sweetly 6ung by Hiss A. Smith. a lie performers who took park in the first por tion of tbe entertainment also contributed further songs; aad Mr. J.B.Augtfn, who had read " An I>i6h Sermon" in the lirsi i-act, gave a humorous Yankee recitaticn. ftli. Dyke sang a duet, *• The Starboard Watch," with Mr. Hos king. Mastro F. Daan again brought down the house with his amusing rendering of the comio tODg "Hisfader keef- h brewery;"' and was a fecond time encored. Mr. Hosking gave "tat me like a soldier tall;" and a comic song by Mr. Price, followed by the National Aufchem, brought the entertainment to a dose. The grogs. prooeedi amomjted to ttbout £15. 