LONDON GOSSIP. London, Marco 13. THH GBCTXAX. BLBCTZO2T. At 1—* the IoDg-Iooked-for boor has strnck, and the Government, by dissolving Parliament, is brought face to face with the constituencies nf th« United Kingdom. Lord BeaconafielJ has, after all, taken tne country Dy surprise. Less than three weeks ago a dissolution at Eaiter teemed more than probable. The Govern ment were anxions to appeal to the country on the question of Irish obstruction ; and in pro poning a new Standing Order, enabling the House to deal very peremptorily with the obstructives, they undoubtedly hoped to involve a con siderable section of the Liberal party in the odium of opposing the motion. There are many Liberal members who are so extremely tenacious of freedom of debate that they are reluctant to see it encroached upon, even in the case of the most obstinate or irrational Home Ruler; and the Government therefore had good reason to believe that a sufficient number of Liberals would be found ready to join the Irish men in a desperate resistance to the new rule. If their anticipations had been realized they would have appealed to the country with an un commonly good election cry. Bat the Liberals declined to fall into the trap which waa too pal pably laid for them; and, strange to say, even the- Irish obstructives refused to obstruct the passing of the order which waa avowedly in tended to gag them. This moderation on their part was greatly due to the absence of Mr. Par nell in the United States, but I believe that they ?were also influenced by a laudable desire not to compromise their Liberal friends, \7hen it became manifest that the Chancellor of the Ex chequer's proposals would not be opposed to the point of obstruction, the rumours of a dissolu tion speedily died away, and the House quietly settled down to the belief that its existence would be prolonged till Joly next or even later. THE SUEPEISB. Nothing whatever occurred to disturb this state of feeling until 5 o'clock on Monday after noon, when Lord Beaconsfield in the one House, and Sir Stafford Northcote in the other, sud denly announced that before the end of the present month Parliament would be dissolved. The effect was electrical. Years have elapsed since the members' lobby presented a similar scene of excitement. There wao a rush to the small angular telegraph offtce in the Central Hall, where in the course of a few houra the clerks wired off no fewer than six hundred mes sages to the constituencies. But the members' lobby waa the central point of interest; aud here for many hours Tories and Liberals, Radi cals and Home Rulers, were engaged in discuss ing the event, which meant to many of them the extinction of their political career. I feel, how ever, bound to say that from no one did I hear the slightest expression of regret that the days of the Tory Parliament were num bered. Yet the Conservasivee do not expect a large majority in the House of Commons. I understand that their moat careful estimates do not place their majority at more than twenty or five-and- twenty. From thij it is tolerably clear that a little miscalculation on their part ? a little turning of the scale, here and there, in the wrong direction — would put them in a minority. Indeed, it is quite on the cards that the Liberals may secure a working majority. The Conservatives are expected to lose eight seats in the North of Ireland, and six or eight in Scotland ; and if ia England they meet with reverses on a similar scale their ejectiou from office is absolutely certain. It, however, re mains to be seen to whit extent the Jingo fet-ling still exists in the English boroughs. It is idle to speculate on this sub;ect The publicans are an enormous power in the great towns. On the other hand, the Koncoufarmists of every sect will vote for the liberal candidates with a determination and unanimity which eveu they have never paral leled in past elections ; and when one hears the fervour with which Mr. Spurgeon prayg for the overthrow of the Government, it is difficult to resist the belief that th-» Nonconformist congre gations an destined to be on the warning side. SIDB I3SCBS. The election will be complicated by all sorts of side issue* — the iVrmisuive Bill, Buuday clOsiDg.Home Kule, anti-co- operation, aud other question*. Tne local-option or Permissive Bill party are pledged to support the candi date — whether Liberal or Conservative — who will vote for their shibboleth; but Liberal candidate* who luve swallowed the pleil^e affirm that the Uootf rvative nnpportera of local-option cannot be depeniiui upuu to vote lot them. This is awkw&rd;, because u» imput- cion of this kind rtato upon the public-house party ; they, at all evriit«, do not piomi-e oue *ay and vote snotber. In Soatnwark the ot'nr day they were fortunate in getting Mr. Edward OlarKe, the barrister, to stand mt their nominee; but, although Mr. Clung ia a tutnl abstainer, nnd tberefote fights ahv ot usiug the pablic-houso for his own convenience, they gave him what waa practically a ariaoiatoos vote at th-» polls. The local - option party declare thnt Mr. Gladstone's opposition to 3ir Wilfrid Liwson's motion will m»t him two or three hundred Good Tro-[-iar»' vou-s iu Midlothian. For my own part I ilo not belie re this starr, but con sider it a libel oa tite O-od Tetaplan, who might aa well reject Sir Wilfrid Lswson for giving tip the P»rmi-jive BUI a* vote ag*in*t Mr. Glatiftfone bemuse he belie 'ee that some better method of ? ontrolling the liquor tiaai: might be -i»viaed than that which goes by the nanra of 1- cal option. LoaDoN TBAliBSMBM AMD CO-OPHRATIO.T. Tbe a&ti- co-n;(«ratk-nists a.*e endeavouring to make their qutation a teat oue at the general election. In«-y have so far succeeded as to hive compelled M r. Thomas Hughes, the author of 'T»m Browu'a Schoo Id ?*}»,'' to retire from tha caDilidaturt of Salisbury. Mr. tlngbeo hu Deen one of the most active promoters of co-operative store* in this country, and the West-Bud tradesnieu, who h*re formed a permin«-ut com mittee tor tilt) defence of tiieir uiCeredtd, nave buctetdod in turuiug the Lioerul iiiopkeepers of the old cathedral city againat tbe popular author. Mr. Walter Morrison (a brother of Charles Morrison, the City millioniirp) i* another man agaiimt whom the anti-co- nperctora vow veuheauce- for he also hits fouii^ed m-iuy Co-opttative Societies ; but, aa be ilot-s not inceuil to offer himself for a borough couacitueucy, it is ax»t likely ttutt Uu*y will be able to subject him to the fate of Mr Hughes. One do. s not see what ♦b«y expect to g-»in by these tactics. Neither Sir. Hughes nor Mr MorrLum will beco-ni the lets zealous an advocate of oo-opention by being subjected to a spectra ot perseoutiou at the liaz.ds of a number of wealthy Loudoa trades men. These getitlemeu do u t propose tnat the Civil Service Supply Association and the army and navy stores ab-ill be put down by Act of Parliament, but it i« aiauifc** that no rae*o« short ot this will avail to suppress tue coopera tive movement. Tne; inaj, peihaps, ultimately succeed iu prohibiting gentlenisu WjD are salaried servant* of the Crowu from taking pirc in the mncagemeut of co-operative atorea, bat even if they were successful ia gratifying a natural feeling of reoeutment against par ticular individual*, they would not be a step nearer the overthrow of theajatein of coopera tion to which the) ouject. BaTORMRHTS FROM PABLIAMBirrARY UFH. Tbe general eleatiou will work great changes ill the ptrsonntl of the uew Parliament. Two member* of the exUting House of Commons who have auuouuccd th«ir intention to retire will be special!,) niiated — I refer to Sir Robert Feel and Mr E-l»an] Jenkiua. Curiously enough, althongh sictiog on opposite sides of .the House, they have beeu. to a certain extent, allies ; for they both united to attack the mili tary reputation of Loid Chelnuford at toe time the latter excited so much criticism by tin strategy of the war iu Zululand. No two mem bers will be more mi-'wd in the Home of Com mons. Sir Robert Peel's burly figure it a- .familiar to the House aa the Spe- iker** m-ice ; even regret will be felt that the cock of his hat should disappear from the Parlia mentary arena. I may remark, parenthetically, that although the peculiar movie in which Sir Robert wears LU hat is generally put down to affectation, jet this is a mistake. He wears his hat d la Palmerston because several years ago he had an ngly fall which produced a lump on one side of his head so large that his hatter is usable to fit him. Unfortunately only the shadow of the great fortune which hu fither bequeathed to him remains in his possession, and this fact has probably decided him to retire into private life. If the new House will regret the losa of the rich full voice and roystering humour of 8ir Robert Peel, it will as certainly aui Mr. K. Jenkins, who retires from the re presentation of Dundee. Mr. Jenkins hu been the stormy petrel of the House of Commons. He has spoken in season and out of season, and has been one of the best-abused men in Eng land ; but such members nevertheless help to give variety to public life, and to prevent the Legislature from sinking to a dead-level of mediocrity. Moreover, Mr. Jenkins is a literary man in a Parliament in which literature has teen singularly ill- represented. No Bill fcr the suppression of dangerous acrobatic per Icrmacccs will, I fear, expire with him. BBBACH OF PRIVILBiJB. Kr. GrLuell, the State prisoner, who is locked op iu Newgate under a warrant from the Speaker of the House of Commons, is a good dtal core fortunate than he deserves to be. One da) la»t week I assisted as a spectator at hii solemn arraignment at the bar of the House on _ a charge of breach of privlege. There was no mistaking tbe temper of tbe House. It wq very iEdijrant'&t; the siccessfd attompU wiikb Mr. Griarell had made to evade its authority. ?sd thoibu^bly determined, cow it had got him in its power, that he should not escape un punished. The morion of the Chancellor of toe Exchequer— that he should be committed to Newgate — was carried by a unanimous vote, and Mr. Grissell was greatly disgusted at being sent to prison. Dot for a limited, but for an indefinite period. It is not improbable that under ordictry circumstances he would have been detained in custody until the end of the session, but the dissolution of Parliament will of course summarily terminate his captivity, The individual offender will soon be forgotten, but bis case will be remembered hereafter as forming a new precedent in Parliamentary pro cedure. Hitherto it has been supposed that the power of the House of Commons to punish for a breach of privilege was limited to the session in which the offence was committed. This was the view of the law upon which Mr. Grissell relied when he surrendered to Mr. Speaker's warrant a day or two before the clo3e of last session. It is altogether beside the question to discuss whether that view waa sustained by authority. The House of Commons has decided that it possesses larger powers than was sup posed, and its conduct in this matter shows that it is determined to maintain, and, if expedient, to enlarge, its privileges. THE BTTUAI.I8TS. At the moment at which I am writing the Government are engaged in a negotiation with the Ritualist?, who, in conseqaence of the passing of the Public Worship Regulation Bill, entertain very bitter feelings against the author of ' Lothair.' In spite of the ultra-Pretestant element in that novel. Lord Beaconsfield his succeeded in obtaining the vote of the English Catholics. Cardinal Manning has all along supported the foreign policy of the Gorernment ; and Bishop Vaughan, of Salford, who is now in Rome, is also said to have made his influence felt against the Liberal party in the councils of tbe Pope. It wo aid assuredly be an extra ordinary thing if, notwithstanding the Public Worship Regulation Act — which may be de scribed shortly aa an Act for gagging the Ritualists — any considerable number of the sacerdotal party voted for Tory candidates. Mr. Beresford Hope is acting as a ' go-between' in this delicate negotiation, and is endeavouring to induce the Church Times to espouse actively tbe Conservative cause. I can not believe that he will succeed. The Ritualists would not only exhibit a spirit of forgiveness which it has never been their habit to cultivate, but they would run counter to their most :herished convictions on the subject of Eastern policy. They warmly sympathized with the Jhristian populations of Turkey, and uaif ormljj reprobated the support which the Government ;ave to the decaying barbarism of the Pashaa. How then can they vote for the maintenance of .he present Government in power. A few days igo the Editor of the Church Times received a etter from a correspondent who asked him 1 'Whether an idiot would recover his intellect iter death.' The Editor asked Dr. Little lale what answer he should give. ' Tell him he eill know when he dies,' waa the witty re oinder. The Ritualists would be more idiotic han the Church Timca' correspondent if they it-lped to keep in power a Government which ias dona its best to muzzle them. A BRLQRAVIAS ROJIASCS. Quite a romance has just happened to Mr. Jharlea Pelham Villiers, M.P. for Wolver lampton, who is better known as one of the ounders of the Anti Corn Law League, and a aember of Lord Palmerstou's Cabinet. Some hirty yeais._ ago Mr. Villiers was on friendly erms with a lady of property named Mellish ; nd, indeed, there were persons who thought hat a marriage might be arranged between hem. Somehow or other a slight misander tanding interrupted their mutual relations, nd they ceased to be on visiting terms. For itarly a generation they never even mat, until ne day, about two years ago. Miss Mellish cou ded to a mutual friend that her feelings owards Mr. Villiera remained unaltered, ud that there was nothing she more esired than to renew her old acquiin tnce with him. The desired opportunity wis Don forthcoming, and the two old friends jet and at once resumed their former intimacy, here was no question of marriage between hem; for Mr. Villiers is now seventy -eight ears of age, and Miss Mellish also saw the light (hen the present ceatury was in its infancy. A ew weeks ago the lady died ; and when her will -as read, it was found that she had left Mr. rilliers a life interest in the whole of her roperty, amounting to six thousand pounds a ear. It was expected that she would have oqueatied her estate absolutely to him, bat it eems that at the last moment she remembered hat ghe had relatives, and so was induced to iraw np a codicil securing to them the reversion f the property. Everybody m pleased at Mr. filliers's good fortune, and wishes that he was Wfoty j tars yourigtr, that he might the more u'ly enjoy it. He in, I may add, one of the r.ost popular members ot Loudoa society, and ias a vein of anecdote and reminiscence which s simply inexhaustible. A CHIVALEIC TOrTH. A social incident of another kind has led, laturally enough, to some very pretty speeches -eing made to Sir William Harcourt. Lately a ire broke out at Sir William's town house, in 5rafton-»treet. He was absent at tbe time, but july Harcourt (who is a daughter of Motley, he late American historian), his infant child, nd a son of Sir William's hy a former marriage, rere in the bouse. When the alarm of fire was iven, the son — a boy of fifteen years of age — usbed up into the nurrery, and brenght the nfaut downstairs into tbe room in which Lady larconrt was sitting ; so that simultaneously vith the first intimation which she had of the 'xistence of danger she had ocular proof of the afety of her child. I need not say that Lady larcourt thoroughly appreciated the high moral [Ualitits wbicli her stepson so signally displayed it a critical moment. I hope that be will ao» un any rif k of being spoilt by over-praise. ?HB HBW A JBRICAU MIJUSTER. Mr. James Russtil Lowell, tbe American poet, ias nt last arrived in London in order to occupy be diftiiifieu positiou of American MiuisteT in England. He hi»0 ion- been expected frtvn HadriJ, but waa uuable to make the journey in »u*tquiuce of the prostration of his wife from the effects of typhoid fever — that dreadful malady which seems now to infest the highest ?irclea of society ia almost every European rountry. Tfee United States never sent so popular au Ambassador to London as Professor Lowell, who, although known to a select few by the lioola philautbiopy of his earlier poems, is ?bi«'tly fauiiliar to the general public by his ?Bigiow Papers.' Mr. Lowell's arrival uaa bren heralded in an unwonted fashion jj the delivery of a lecture on his life ind poetry by his frieud Mr. Thjmas rlnthr*. This gentleman'* lecture waa delivered it the Woi.in* Men's College; and I feel sure that the working men of London, who are very it« rary as well as democratic in their sympa thies, will take to htm even more than they rook to Grntral Grant. Mr. Lowell's life in tendon will be oue of dignified leisure; for fortunately there ace no troublesome questions Dutsfouditig between this country and the Ifnited States, and tbe post of American Mini ster U therefore a sinecure. LITERARY A.FTERK005S. Kntertaii.ni' nts ot a somewhat novel kind are beiug giv« i- just now on alternate Mondays, at Sttinway Hull, under tbe auspices of the Inter national Literary Association - a Society which, with auch cutinguivbed names as those of the Prince of Wales, Lord Beaconstield, and Mr. Giads'o e at the head of its English list of aupporters, has been formed with a view to kecuring international copyright, and otherwise promoting mutual goodwill among others of diverse) countries. With a view to Baaiatiog tbe fuuds of the Association several well-known men of letters and art h ive gene rously cousented to devote in turn a couple of boors to tbe edification or such auJien?es as may be attrtcted by the bills of fare presented, and the name of ' Literary afternoon*,' has been given to the extremely interesting meetings tbun organized. At the first, held ou Febrnary 23, Mr. Jenkins read his famous satire, ' Ginx's Bab),' a work which, containing aa it does aonilry allegorical personages who, in the guise of Mafciattatts, gn&rdiacs; of the poor, and pst-udo-philanthrrp'gts, deliver their sentiments aud expose their human weaknesses iu a very amusing mauner, w»8 found admirably suited to the ordeal of public reading, especially when ita author, who is a capital mimic aa well as a finiahert tlocutiouist, was the reader. Indeed, the enthnsUom evoked was so grrat that it is cot improbable Jlr. Jenkins may find himself solicited to repeat tbe effort in some other cos genial caute. drkker's coirervr. 'liie1 second ' Litemrj Afternoon' took ptaee lart Monday, and was contributed by Mr. Justin McCarthy, MP, whose great love for the dramatists of the Shakspearian age has led him to disentomb Dtkker's all-but-forgotten comedy, -The Roaring Girl,' a work founded entirely upon the London life of the Elizabethan and early Stuart period — and to epitomize ita plot in an extremely picturesque and sprightly sketch, not devoid of certain touches of true pathos, which he, objecting to the stiff word ' lecture,' calls simply ' telling the story of the ScariDg Girl.' This rame story will illustrate the familiar adage that ' there is nothing new under the sun,' for the idea running through the old play is one that under various modifications has been a favourite , with modern roaiance writers, dealing with adventurous or pioneer life, from Cooper and James down to Bret Harte, viz., that of a woman cast loose on the world becoming for her own protection even an accom plished swaggerer and associate of ruffianism in all its branches, sometimes, as in this case, donuicg male attire and learning the use of pistol and sword, but jet reserving a certain wild heroism and individuil purity, and capible of real self-abnegation in the cause of beings better than herself. As Mr. McCarthy gave it, net in narrative form, but rather in a series of verbal pictures or sceaw, with o-v*AionaI vtioaLQi 4Uuu- liuua, hoi uehvtrtd witnout s cote, the 'Story of the Roaring Girl' really ccciti'.uttd a& unique ettettiicaxent. A. DRAMATIC BXRCH. One of the beet and wittiest dramatic trifles to be seen just now U a little piece called 'Old Cronies,'' by Mr. Theyre Smith, which has just been brought out at the St. James's. There are only two characters in it— Dr. Jacks, a pedantic old bachelor engaged in compiling a dictionary, which be fondly hopes will immortalize him down to a remote posterity as 'The Great Lexicographer Jacks f and hia very slightly younger friend Captain Pigeon, who, though with less book-learning, is equally fond of finding out 'derivatives' and synonyms naturally tinctured by his nautical education, with which he much perplexes his matterot fact associate's professional researches. Captain Pigeon has fallen in love with the charms of person and estate possessed by a spinster of their mutual acquaintance; but, distrustful of his ability to do himself justice in a viva voce declaration of his passion, and totally unused to the art of pitch letter-writing, he breaks in upon his quiet neighbour's scholarly medita tions to prefer a no less important petition than that Dr. Jacks, being a master of language, will indite the epistle upon which his hopes hang. Thereupon ensues half-an-hour's colloquy of the most amusing kind. Dr. Jacks regards matrimony as almost tantamount to suicide, but when persuaded that his friend has decided at least to attempt the fatal plunge, he relinquishes his expectation ef a good morning's work with a sigh, and addresses himself to the task of preparing a missive suit able to the occasion. Then it appears that, though tha enamoured sailor cannot frame a letter for himself, he has certain floating fancies, which, being very hazily exprcs*ed, quite fail to find any responsive echo in the brain of the lexicographer, whose ideas of an offer of mar riege are of the driest kind, and a deadlock ensues. At this crisis the captain, struck by sudden inspiration, exclaims — 'Let's direct the envelope.' Dr. Jacks hails the suggestion with deligkt, and, this being done, the ready-written name, 'Miss Olivia Jones, Coviugton.' is com placently regarded as a decided step achieved. Still, between the vague and yet exact ing notions of the suitor, and tbe ab solute blankness of tbe scribe's mind so far as a graceful and gradual approach to the tender question is concerned, the first sentence remain* unwritten. Suddenly it is remembered that expressions too abrupt ior&btllet; iloux are prsper enough far a tele gram, and it is resolved to 'wire' tbe pro posal, and as a delicate compliment which must make its mark to prepay the answer. This settled, the cronies stir the- fire, and the captain lights his beloved pipe to soothe hi* expectant perturbation. To his dismay he learn» that Miss Olivia Jones will not tolerate tobacco smoke under any conditions, together with one or two other items, showing, that Pigeoa a bachelor and Pigeon mated will be two different persons. Before hi» mind is clear whether a change of state will involve gain- or low the prepaid answer arrives. Miss- Jones- is already engaged. The captain's pride » wounded that he should have asked too late, but his pipe remains a substantial, though a nebulous, consolation ; and the curtaiu falls on the two friends turned ' again to their fire, resolved to remain still ' old cronies.' Slight as the plot of this sketch is, a more enjoyable little piece has never been put on the stage; THB BAVARIAN PASSION PLAT. What is called ' The jSabbatariin Party' is up in arms at the growing interest felt among the well-to-do and educated classes in this country iu the'Ober Ammergan Passion Play,' the decennial performances of which take place in Bavaria during tbe present summer season, commencing with the 17th of May and ending with the SUth of September. The indignation felt by those well-meauiug persona is excited partly by the fat t that some of the perform-in' es, in accordance with Continental usiges, will be given on Sabbath-days, and partly upon the modern English objpcUon to all plays founded : upon any Biblical subject They Cinnot admit the possibility that the Tyrolese peasant may really have his religious nature profitably stirred, and his understanding of, and gratitude for, the great work of Redemption deepened by thatwhich I*rhapa would appeal quite in vain to mechanics ot English towns or agricultural labourers in our rural distracts. Nevertheless, it is ex pected that the Lumber of English visitors at tbisjfar's gatherings will greatly exceed that on any previous xcasioD. la the meantime, the rtpoblicatiou of 3 very gn.phic little volume by the Rev. Malcolm- Maccoll, rector of St. George's, Botolph-lane, containing a spirited and faithful account of thtt performan:es of 1870, of which he wag a witness, together with an explanatory narrative of the origin -f this extraordinary commemoration, is highly calculated to remove the prejudices with wnich in some quarters this particular custom is regari led. No professional actors take any part in the representations, which axe confined to P*ri dds of the immediate locality, carefully selected with regard to character and general fi toe ss. The Passion Play is a celebration by the people themselves of their own signal deliverance from the great plague of 1633, and has absolutely nothing professional about it. The music, some of which is very beautiful, has never been printed. The prices of admission are so low as to preclude all possi bility of the performances being a pecuniary speculation, and there is nothing either in the text or tbe tableaux of the play to offend tbe devout Protestant. I may add that the morals of Ober Ammergan and its neighbourhood are ex ceptionally good. IJTMARY GOSSIP. Dr. Jessop, late Head Master of Korwich Grammar School, who lately described in tbe Athenaum the apparition which he believes he saw in Lord Orford's library in Norfolk, baa received so many communications of a startling character on the subject oE ghosts that he intends to give tbe public the benefit of some of them. Dr. Jesaop still believes in the reality of what he saw : but most people are of opision that he was the victim of an optical illusion — the result of a temporary derangement of the nervous system. I underatacd that one well substantiated story which has been brought to Dr. Jessop's knowledge is vouched for by two eje- witnesses of the alleged supernatural occur rence. Such a case, if really authenticated, manifestly comes more within the rulas of evi dence than a ghost whose coyness is so great that it only condescends to make itself visible to one person. At last Lenbach, the German painter, has completed bid longpro mised portrait of Mr. GUdsteue. At two separate periods the right honourable gentleman has sat to this painter, but in the first iuiUnee without that success which an artist of the first rank feels bound to achieve. Lenbach has now succcedtd, and soon the great world of London will have an opportunity of comparing the work of his pencil with that of Millais. 