THE COURTS. The most satisfactory plan of dealing with the courts would be to take them in the order ¡in which they occur in the central annexe, beginning-with Great Britain on one sidor 'and after describing the French, German, ¡Italian, and Austrian courts, crossing over |to recommence with Victoria and end with America. 'Owing to the incompleteness of many departments auch a method of opera- tion cannot be pursued. The British court 'will be described first, and afterwards France 'and Germany, whilst Austria and Italy must stand over. The principal colonial courts 'will then be proceeded with, and tho re mainder held over until a future occasion, 'it will take aérerai articles to exhaust lar,/« departments like thoao occupied by Great Britain, Prance, Germany, and Viotoria; and leach of the large colonies will receive more than one notice. On a future occasion Italy, Austria, America, Switzerland, Belgium, &c;, will be duly attended to. GREAT BRITAIN. As we intend to enter into 0 detailed account of the exhibits in thia court without delay, it will not be necessary to preface the description by a long introduction. Next to 'Victoria Great Britain occupies the largest ¡space in the Exhibition, having courts in the main building, the central annexe, and the eastern machinery hall, which has been enlarged for the accomo- dation of EDglish agricultural implements. The collection ii of ohighly-diversified cha- racter, and it will be interesting to Victorians 1 to learn that a larger quantity of goods and also a much finer one is shown hero than British manufacturers thought it worth whilo to open out before the American people in the festal year of 187G. In tho nava of the main building the noticeable exhibit ¡B the glassware of Messrs. ThomaB Webb and Sons, of Stourbridge, which will be noticed in a subsequent issue. It at once catches the eye of every visitor on entering the nave. There are interesting specimens of porcelain ware, electroplate goods, furniture, models of stcamahipa, and perfumery. The great bulk of tho British exhibits are to be found in tho central annexe-pottery, upholstery, chemicals, hardware, carpets, aoftgoodB, paperhangings, stationery, carriages, leather goods, liquids, stones, weighing machinée, all grouped into classes, POTTERY. The conspicuous frontage allotted to exhi- bitors of English pottery in the centra avenue has been well bestowed. For the first time in Australia, a collective repre- sentation of the best achievements of the Staffordshire, Worcestershire, and Lambeth' potteries has been brought together. No maker of the first rank is absent from the competition, and a combination of effects bos been obtnined winch establishes tho supremacy of English pottery of the present day. Not long ago, the porcelain of'the Con- tinent used to take iti place in the front rank as a matter of course, hut anyone who studies the examples sent to thia Exhibition will see that positions havo been unmistakably re- versed. The improvement noticeable in ceramic art in England has been attributed to the good effects of the instruction givon at the schools of design associated with South Kensington Museum, The quality of the average work may thus b» accounted for ¡ hut the triumphs won in tho highest departments bear witness to the existence of talent, whosd origin and development must bo traced back to times somewhat remote from the present. In forms and rnlours the potters of to-day still find it difficult to equal the famous work of past centuries. They can only, at most, imitóte the turquoise blue of the old Sèvre3 pottery, and copy tho outlines and combina- i tiona of colour to he found in Uenri II. ware of tho 15th century. But the designs they j hove taken from nature-flowers, leaves, and birds, and bits of Iañdacane-r- please the eye moro tbaiv do the grotesque figures' of the early/ artista ; and in tranapareucy ¡ and jiñenesB, of ware,'as well ps¡in boldness, of treatment, ^heir ,efforta appear to stopj'very [ittjlor short of perfection. ^Vith 'the excep- tion ¡of oije collection, the whole of the Eng Ijah pottery ia in the central, block on the left'side of the long avenue. Some porcelain, Hówever,'ha8 to be looked for in. the novo, on apace which waa in the firat inatancs granted to glassware, ^s ono of the exhi- bitors in that class withdrew hia appli- cation, the vacated ground waa obtained by the Staffordshire firm, which made the best display at tho Sydney Exhibition, where the competition was narrowed by the absence of Bcveral houses now represented in Mel- bourne. A commencement shall be made ?with the principal groupa. The show-cases of the great house of Min- tons come firat under observation. Their art porcelain is protected by glass, hut some of the china, all the earthenware, also the majolicns, and illustrated tiles for fireplaces, and dadoB, are arranged on open shelves and stands. The works of the Mintons wore founded near the close of the last century at Stoke-on-Trent, by Thomas Minton, the grandfather and greatgrandfather of the pre- sent proprietors, C. Minton Campbell and ThomaB and Herbert Minton. Au exten- sive voriety of ceramic ware is now made at the factory, under the direction of Mr. Arnoux, the art superintendent, sup- ported by about 1,800 artists ond workmen, Stoke- on-Trent is the headquarters of about 200 large and small firms, who have settled there to get the benefit of oheap cool. Clay, which is one of the principal raw materials employed, is obtained from Cornwall, Devon Bhire, and other southern counties ; and bones, which enter largely into tho composi- tion of chin», are collected from all parts of the world. The bones, it may bo remarked, are first boiled or digested to get rid of the fat, and then calcined-a proceas which reduces them to a white dust. The trans- parent appearance of English china is due to tho admixture of bone-dust with kaolin (or clay). Clay and bone dust are used in about equal proportions. Note may bo firat taken of the soft glu/o china, which is illustrated in a vase-tho Vaisseau do Mat-copied from a celebrated old Sôv rea pieco in tho possession of the Queen. This soft porcelain approaches the old porcelain tendre moro nearly than any other modern china. It is easily worked, mid the body at tho same time is suffi- ciently vitreous to receive all the colours which have made Sevres china celebrated. The difficulty in the process of manufacture is to ovoid breakage, for tho piece haa to be (¡rod again und again as tho aeparato decorations arc applied. A great heat is at times required ; for instance, to hum in mazarine blue, tho temperature of the ware has to bo raised to whiteness in the furnace As the represen- tation of a masted vessel, tho vaso just men- tioned may seem a little far fetched, but the French artists had to make tho most of the naval architecture of their day. Green, gold, and blue are tho principal colours employed. Two ovul pictures occupy the aides of the vase ; one contains flowers and fruits, and the other flowers, birds, and a bit of landscape. The softness of the work and richness of the colours aro ita moat admirable qualitiea. The large Prometheua voae in tho contro of the cuae belongs to a different clasB of work. Tho chief decorations are well-moulded figures above, and on the aidea of the veasel are scattered sprays of flowers and foliage on a body of turquoise blue. The patterns areflrat shown in relief in white enamel, which ia t)ien painted with natural' colours. .Two vases of mazarine, blue flank the. central piece. .The- pictures on tjhom-tropical birda and flowers-exemplify a third method of treatment. The colours- have been applied direct'to ih¿ 'body','aÜd-enamel ia'only used Vh'ere1 ib'e' ,artist'Wlshes'-'to|rB_ov<» _> »raised 'wtiífe 'fctíriaeV Nothing-o6uld'be' soft« or tooref delicate '«ifm .tho-ljegdilla- leawa, -tue orchid-fldwerflcand'the foriUlontitplumago of the birda. The name of the artist, Mussil, ia to bo seen on the pictures. Two cylindric vases, decorated byPilaburg, occur at ti extreme end of tho row. Like tho cotltr vaac, the flowers have been first designed i white enamel,on a turquoiao blue _roun< Iwhich gives them great prominence, and the 'tinted in natural colours: Sprays of hoal are intermixed with white and pink primula ¡The comparatively aiuall and ihnpely pin Ivaaes in tho middle aro remarkab Ifor their agreeable colour and curious granulated surface Tho enamel is laid c thickly, and whilst it is plastic the arti draws fine wavy lines with a slurp-point« tool. Other articles besides vasos exhil: the same granulated or fronted appa iranc which in itself is a featnro of coii9ulerah merit, improved, of course, by asJiciatk with huea of an attractive character. TI floral decorations aro very pretty. I liaised gold and platina decorations occi in considerable variety on doaaert service Tho designs-leaves and lloweru- aro in r lief, and they cannot be produced withoi considerable risk, for the applied clay haï strong tendency to shrink and leave opt cracks, which would mar the appearance of ti pattern. The gold ialaid on in variouaahade and platina ia used m preference to ailve becauso it does not discolour. The loaves particularly tho geraniuma-glow with son of the splendour that marka vegetation : the Btoge of decay. Attention may alao 1 called to sets in which wild flowers aro alio« in their natural colours, nicely contraati with the vases which hold the atnlka. Love effects have been also achieved by tho airap combination of two tints ; for instance, lenv and fruit of the strawberry Bhown in whi enamel on a pink ground. Where ti artist deairea to suggest, shade the enam ia thinned down almost to ttansparone to allow the comparatively dark grout: to become visible. In other cases, a faint it might almost bo said ghostly-picture diuiiy visible beneath tho sprays of (lowe which are the chief decoration. Olivo-gree ia a favounto ground tint, particularly i patt mir pate, where the ornamentation coi siata of equiaitely modelled figures in whi clay. Ware of thia description ia difficult I produce, because tho white clay haa to 1 modelled on whilst tho green body ia in a so state. Tho pieces are not fired until the d sign baa boen completed. Thero aro spec mena of china on which tho devices, hal been cut out of the body, and the spaci filled in with semi- transparent glaze. To services with borders of this description, loo ^ery pretty. Of new and shapely forms, ( cups and aaucera many examples will b found. Embossed gilt, on a mazarineblu ground, forms a rich decoration. To wór out tho pattern, the surface of the plate i overlaid with a gluelike paste, upon whicl the artist drawa bia plan Wherever th under surface is expoaed by the tool, the ela ia eaten out by fluoric acid. The paste is the removed, and the portions of surface in n lief gilded and burnished. Colours ace a'[ plied to other portions of the plate. > Henri II. ware is prized on .account of ii extreme rarity. The number of piecpa extari now is only about 40, and not more tha three or four candelabra and pitchers ,enric the museum at South Kensington^ Imita tiona have been produced with great succès by modern artists. In the Mintons'colleotioi there ia a copy of a candelabrum of rar merit, and said to be worth £100. AU th colours-chocolate, black, 4c.-have bee: miaul on a buff ground. The harmotiiou effect is due to the employment of clays a naturally coloured. The designs'are minute and yet very neatly executed, Perainn ware of which numerous examples are shown oi the atand in the middle of the space, may, h noted for tho sake of ita glaze, The'body'tako a soft glaze of a rich colour, which would no stand on other waro, and thegroundresemble porcelain. Tins central atand is chiefly occu pied with majolicas or Paliasy wärö,-co3tec with a coloured transparent or oparin eiiûmel, revived by the Mintons about 3i yearB ago. The noticeable objects aro life size peacocks, atorka, and herons, intendo to ornament gardens and grojnhousea Printed and enamelled earthenware stand in abundance on the open ahelvea and tables Whero only one colour ia Been, tho design ha been printed on, but where several colour are emplojed they have been enamelled oi by hand. The diversity of ahape-i ia note worthy. Two classea of tilea for dadoes am hearths are exhibited. One kind of tile i printed oxactly in the aamo way as ordinär; plates, from copper. In the other case where shade lines are absent, and the colour: solid, the effect has been arrived at by a net and secret process. The Mintons' oollectioi of porcelain and earthenware ia complete and will doubtless command general atten tion. The exhibita of Mosara. Doulton and Co. of the Lambeth Art Potteries, London, re present quite a new and distinct developmen of the ceramic ai t in England. They have ¡ perfectly unique character, and illustrate modes of manufacture and atyle-i of dochra tion of comparatively recent introduction, Not that the Ltmbeth potteries are by any meanB of recent establishment. It ia nearlj 250 years since tho first Dutch potters Settled at Lambeth, and commenced the manufac ture of delft and stoneware, and it would bo in tereating to trace the growth of tho induitrj which thoy then establiahed from that tim9 until the present, converting Lambeth, as it has done, from the scone of a Bittali Dutch pottery into one vast pottery district. Sixty four years ago the pottery of tho Mesara Doulton-or rather, at that time of Mr. John Doulton-was established. For a long time operations were confined to tho manufacture of the salt-glarod stoneware, such aa is employed for drain pipes and various kinds of chemical veaaels and sanitary appliances. During the Iaat 30 or 10 yeara, the industry has progressed with rapid strides, until at the preaent tima the Doulton pottery comprises the largest pipe factory in the world (with branches at Bowley Itegia, St. IIelen'8, and Smethwick), givea emploi ment to 2,000 persons, turns out about 1,500 miles of drain pipes per annum, and manufactures, in addition to pipea, brick) and tilca, exquisite specimens of art pottery. These latter comprise several distinct claaäes of ware, namely, the Doulton, terra-cotta, impasto, faience, and sgraffito ware. The principal feature of the collection íb, as a matter of course, tho Doulton ware, first introduced to the Engliah public iii 1871. It baa come to be largely employed for the purpoaea of architectural decoration, as well aa applied to the thousand and one other uses of ornamental pottery. No notice of the Doul- ton ware would be sufficiently complete or intelligible without a brief explanation of the sjatem pursued by the Meaira. Doulton, They act on tho principia laid down by the founder of the firm, that moulding is fatal to art, and that the uso of means of merely mechanical reproduction should be dis- couraged. Tho whole of the decoration of their ware ia done by hand. It ia tho work of pupils of the Lambeth School of Art, whoso nrtiatio taato and technical skill aro strikingly attested by their handiwork. Every incentive is held ont to them to bring their individual taatea and talents' to bear on tho working up of now materials and the introduction of new ¿tylea of decoration. Every article íb unique, and it ia claimed that in collectionB embracing hundreds of speci- mens of Doulton ware, there will not bo found one (except in the case of pairs) of which an exact duplicate has been or can be pro- duced. The endless variety of the styles Of decoration ' renders it difficult to convey a general idea of this ware. It ja characterised by richqesa of orna mentation, gracoful form, variety of designt and rich colouring. Varions shades of bides nre tho'ptevailing colours, and theyjare, as a rWe,-bIended with isxqnisitèi.efïebt.uAa. has been'stated i ¿he xiécorattor_,i_L hlLidone" bj hand,;_nt_>dai effected iaiat variety? ofjwaya, i£_&«dist will'perhaps take^he ¿¡layil'jform" while ini_^_aatia state,____nv_¿ifa_fc¿j9 8)»ap« at will, poB8Íbiyi|uí¡_¿and¿rilliu8Alieedgejj, and producing all tho desired depressions, ¡raised figure?, or other variations or form |Then ho will tiko btripa of clay (of varied 'natura' or artifi ml colours) lay thom on tho .soft and y I ustic vessel, press thom mto forms ¡that commend thcmaelvea to bia fancy and leuve the article profusely ornamented with ileavca dots diacs rosettes scroll work ¿c The article having received its [decoration ia coloured with the dosired artificial tints (by various methods) ai d many ct mieite combinations and cou trasts of colour (m iBtly in blues browns aid greys) aro produced Tho articles aro then i laced in tho kiln exposed to au m tenso white he it for some time ond subse quently gln7cd by the process of throwing sodio chloride or common silt Into the 1 In ti e salt is vapouriäcd by the heat and pfo dnces the req usite chemical action on the pottery Another style of decoration is Akin | to engroving InBtead of Bupcr impoain" tho ornamentation the artist takes the soft olav and engraves upon it scroll work fignrea arabesques perforated d ses or other designs TI e patterns stand out m relief dnd admit of the same variety and combinations of colour as the other work By a combination of these two processes of nicis on and mcru3 tation some very delicate designs aro pro duced asonaomcarticleâot. whichrowBoftho finest bead like dots and other light ornlmen tation harmonise well with thoequallydelicate indented patterns Tho articles monufac tured comprise cv ery descn¡ tion of I ot tery Many aro decorated by a process carried out by a lady artist Miss Barlow This lady tal es a vase that has been slightly hardened by drying so that it can he cut in clean linos and using a fine steel tool n cises any desired figurCB either upon the natural body of the clay or on somo surfaco clay She excels in animal subjects and her artistic etchings have earned her a high reputation for tHo1 accurate knowle Ige of animal form and expression wl ich bIio combined with a deli| cale and skilful touch On aomo of he-' larger pieces there aro some exriellent ctfih ii ga of groups of donkeys of horses njotuhing , ofkangarooB andofllocks aiid herds of catile Theac etchipga are all dono on brownware, and have a pleasing effect Some of the jugs and Other vessels are improved by silver* ' mountmLB Another and distinct branch of art Ia te presented by the imposto and faience ware. In some of the samples oí this a peculiar effect ia produced by covering the aurfoce with pigments of different fusibility so that the vessel présents various shades of colour Tbe-artist- takes a. vessel and paints on it with thickly ¡mixed coloured clays applying thenj just aaithq pointer does his oil colours The Btyle permits of bold and free treat nent and afforda the artist omple acopo for -pre serving his own Individual touch and in traducing aa great a diversity of oma mentation as ho pleases Specimens of fohoge and flowers are the favourite anbjects tbey stand out in relief from tho red grey, brown or greenish background, present some agreeable cóntraaís Of [tight odd 'shade and bave in most instances ¿he merit; of belpt, very aríiaílcally vVorkcä Oui* while the fact of every article 'being aepar j atcly painted by hand , miures an ab sonco ot sameness and of r reproductions In turning fx> what may bo termed the arclu turill .pottery, it will be interesting to note I fit passant, that at trns doy pottery is being | applied to architectural decoration on a scale i such aa haa been unkuowri since, the1 time when the Moora introduced it ad largely In (he buildings of Seville Toledo Grenada and other Sji anish towns and when Lucia del Robhi'a created a similar revii/al of th_ceramic art in Italy liles, enamelled bricks and terra cotto havoheen comim, largely into use in many cities to the improvement of various elificeB Messrs Boulton a collection com priseB aonie beautiful apecimen3 of hand painted liles and plaques of Lambeth, faience for mural decoration , The subjects are various aome compnaing apecimena of por ttaiture, others figurea and landscapes In these again, is to be seen tho work of Udy artista Some of ¿be plaquea are very pleasing the subjects are Veil treated the litares are brought out in good relief and the colours applied with skill and taste. There are tiles for the more common purposes, and otheri with far more elaborate decoration for panels, dadoes hearths, && Another feature of the collection ia the terra cotto ware Within the limits of the circum scribed spare at their disposai the firm could not illustrate on a largo scale the adapta bihty of this ware to tho purposes of archi tectural decoration nor yet show any lar^e examples of its use in the form of statues vases ballnstraling A.C hut the few speoi mens that are shown display a neatness and diversity of decoration anl show how omi nently adapted this ware ia for oolumns key stones medallions cornices and other features of architectural decoration and it is worthy of mention as indicating the ci tepaivo introduction of this material for building pun osea, that (hero aro lar(,e edilices in the streets of London tho facades on 1 m tenors of wl ich are decorated almost ex lu sively with the terracotta euamolled bricka and tiles 1 he terra cotto is eaid to be more durable than marble while its weight a id cost are about a third of the latter Com binations of this material with Doulton ware have been employed with excellent effect for lulpita Ä.C in churches the terra cotta ware forming tho general body while the Doulton ware is used for panels balustrades lilastera _c aud thua variety aud nohnesj of ornamentation are produced The terra cotta ware is of two coloura reddish and light buff aud ia well adapted for many 8tyleo of architectural work There ia a large collection of articles illas trating anothor branch of manufacture namely that of general stoneware such as jars hpttles glazed kitchen sinks filters and the mo e common v uieties of household pottery rho filters present ono or two now features The principal improvement ia that the ui i or part in which the unfiltorcd water is i laced is made separata from and to fit into tho lower portion so that tho upper por tion may bo taken out to permit of tho lower part being cleaned Mention should also be made of another class of pottery manuf&c; tured with special regard to tho chemist a ro quirementa and including retorta atone yara acid pumps and a variety of other articles Akin to these aa regards utility are numerous ¡ crucibles of different aizea and descriptions the manufacture of which receives special attention from the Messrs Doulton, and has become an industry in itself The sanitary appliances are chiefly mtereating aa affording mi indication of the increasing attention that is being devoted to Bamtation in tho mother country i The reat of tho porcelain and oarthenware exhibits-which include much fine work will bo noticed in tho next article FRANCE. Trance ia represented by the largest and beatcollection of 8pecimenaof herproduotlona that that great country baa ever aent to any other Exhibition held outside of Furope Fhe preln unary endeavours, to promote the representation of French art and industry at this Exposition seemed likely for some time to bcnotverysucceBaful firstly because only a comporatively small number of the French manufacturera have any direct business lela UonB with Australia and secondly, because of the distance between the two countries AU obstacles to success Were however overcome through the liberality of the Republic and the energy of a few business men of Parla, and we are able io state that 1 250 Trench exhi bltors or« being represented in Melbourne, a« agajnst700 in Philadelphia and SOO in Sydney From the beginning the French Government entered vrartnly into tbe raatter and a^me £50 000 towards the. -expenses wa» unani ' mouHy voted by (t)bo Rational Assembly This'covers the cost of sending oat the transport ship Finistère with exhibits onr| p(i. Tier lengthy; atar heje [ No freight waa charged on the goods brought iby the Tnustèro, and as to the Trenc exhibits sent in British veaaels, a conside able portion of the freight waa defrayed I tho Trench Government Moreover near! ali the ahowcascs used in tho court have beo provided by the Government of that countrj Altogether, it is estimated that that Cloven ment will expend £12 OOO in Victoria in coi nexion with thi3 allow Notwithstanding ti I assistance offered by the state how eve it is doubtful whether many exhtbij | would have been sent hero if som of the leading commission meroli/ini of Pana had not taken the matten i hand and induced variouB manufacturera I Bend out toods m their charge Large on Btpali manufacturera who would ,not haï thouglit it worth their while to send out I sreciaf representative to thia colony, sa | their yfay clear to sending out goods undi I the care of one or another of the firms < commission merchants who concerned then sclvesm the matter Troni the cominero a as well as from other points of view Paru i | essentially the heatt of Trance Marty t the departments in that land arc known a I centres of particular industries, but Pan ' is the centre of Trench comrneroi and her commission merchants const tuto a largo and important class whoa coiietant aim ia to familiarise then selves with what is going on in, and to cult vate business relations with, the proyncu factonta Three large firms of commissio merchants in j articular exerted themaelvei namclj, McBBrs 1 Gay Lamadle and Co MeEsre Arle» Dufour and Co, and Messri "VS edeles and Co Paris is the head quarter of each of these houses, and tlioy hav branch establishments in other countries The first named firm is represented hete b one of the partners, M Lamadle, and th other two have sent out M. Eigenschank. au M G Burk respectively, os |heir represen tatives Each of the firms represents a larj, number of. french exhibitor^ -¡"umerou other french manufacturers- and establish menta aro represented Tor (instance M Lix is the agent for about 2Q0¡ houses, au Borne Chambers of Commerce and Govern departments have also Bent out exhibita am deleyiteB lhe Government and many of the busiuos men of Trance have token a great interest ii our exhibition, not of course from ariy soutl montai motives, but simply with }ho objec of promoting direct business intercourse be tween that country and ^unrapa. In ni seriousness the fair and rich land of 1 ranp is now making friendly , ad van cou to ho lounger sister Victoria , and, it remajius to b Been whether Victoria cas(jn_jisido]the coi neea incidental to jyoiifh, will accept thesi attentions in tho Bpmtrin winch tbey ar offered Between our mother "country am Trunco trade is increasing, and I reueh ex porta to I ngland tory largely ctcetfi tho* Bent to an> other country lu lijGB, th value of the _ooda imported into LugUuii from Trance waa £33,890,327, and j.jiOj vnlm of the gooda expprted from England t 1 ronce was £23 jU-813 In _S78¡ the liante had mcreoBed tot respectively, í,lJ.,dr§,tV)l and £26 DO. 9j8 As to 1 rench fcooda i u ported into England lot transhipment^ tin value increased from £.2 8Ü0 401 in 18ui> ti _4 21ü879 m 1878 Perhaps the uroacn otteni] t ori the part of 1 ranee to pro nott direct IniHinesB relations with these colonie ib partly due to the fact that that countrj n troubled just now with a plethora of cash V the present time maus Trench capitalists liav< tobe content with 3 per cent for their monej and consequently they aro keeping an anxiou: look out for new and e__iblo means o utilising their hoarda Trance and Australia have indirect coin inercia] relationa with one another. thron_l England I or instance about 40 l)"r cent o the wool exported from tbeae colonies findi ita way to _ ranee but the great bulk of that has to be 1 ou_ht from middlemen m England Of course no arriment ia needed to show ..nat if ti o ¿vuatrali m wool needed by Franco Went direct to that country, miiij expenaes now incurred would he saved, to the benefit of both lands We are informe moreover that the commiBsion char ed y 1 rench woolbrokera is onl> J per cent, willi: in London it ia 2 ¡er cent A few kruicli bujers of wool have for aoic time i ast b n carrying on operations in Australia but the) have to ship it in British vessels which call at England «n route to Trance In such cases it is usual to stow away the wool ni question in the bottom Of tho hold and place the care,o for England on top T'pon arrival in Tngland the upper enrgo is unloaded and then the vessel proceeds to I raneo 'I wo or three Trench gentlemen who have come to our 1 xhibitton have received speen! matructiona from the Government of 1 ranee or Chambers of Commerce to inquire into tina matter France also wants more of many of our other products including tallow hides preserved meat, and eucalyitus oils than ahe no v gets As to Trench e,oods now imported into Auatralia it is i ot easy to estimate the valuo because m the first place they do not como here direct arid in the second a largo qvrontity of trench fairies cûme here with British branda on them Probat ly one immednte result of this Exhibition mil be the establishment of more branch honaea here by Parisian firma In the meantime howevei- the tentlemen al ready named and others will be willing to give information to anyone seeking it Amongst those who may be applied to for information on commercial mattera are M Belcour, consul, and commis Bioner general for I raneo , M Schoeaaler representative of the Chambers of Com xnerce of Rouen and Klbeuf M Courmeaux representative of the Chamber of Commerce IiheimB , and M Montaudon, representa tive of the Chamber of Commerce, Be- sançon It may be added with regard to Trench commerce, that the stability observable therein ia especially noteworthy when con trasted with the ephemeral character of French political institutions In warfare the I rench are distinguished by their ¿lan but in commerc» although they are enterprising an 1 busy enough-to the extent even of making of Sunday a business day-fire and dash cease to ba their distinguishing characteristics Perhaps one reason why rash commercial »peculation is genorally avoided in Trance is ! because a business man there who becomes I insolvent is thenceforth and for ever out of the running in that country That la not the case, of course m these colonies where m solvency l8 often a convertible term for com petence Evidently ï ranee has something to learn from na or wo havo something to learn from Trance Many of the Trench exhibitora I have prepared letters or pamphlets relating to their houses for this Exhibition and the reader thereof ia struck by the evidence they afford of ayBtem and organisation, and by the pride which the older firms feel when publishing thoir age On the latter po'nt it may bo observed that many of the houBes whoBe history Ima recently come under our notice are over 100 years old For generation after generation the business has been handed down from father to son Snch business houseB have survived the revolution of 1793 the lirst "Fmpire, the Bourbon interInde which followed it, the Revolution of 1830 the downfall of the bonrgeoiB King the Republic of 1848 the coup ditat, the Second Lmpire, and the Commune The firm of Messrs lapy Bros and Co , of Pana, who are exhibitors of clock, and watches has been ra existence 120 years Here are a few other Parisian houses whiph lay claim to the diatinction of age -M .Lyonnet, maker of perfumes esta Wished in 1770, Messrs Arthps Uros leather manufacturers, estahliahed m 1775 M Mango, looking glass manufacturer, eatah listed in 1790,, and M Vitry, entier, eata jblished in 1795 Some of jthe Besançon watch rnaking houses represented hero were founded ip 1,793, uy/pohticul exiles from Siyi,t2jerlond Measr» Koduyvait1 Bros ( ¿aaddlera ajijl hor I çe_8,Bmakersi of Pari/}* faßo, cajo to inform the public that their house was established in 1797, and has been " held from father to son since that year." Messrs. J. M. P. Car- rière and Son, tanners and curriers, of Millan, mention that their house was founded in 1793 by Messrs. Paul Carrière and Son, " and has continued without interruption unto this day," We also learn that the house of Messrs. Arles-Dufour and Co., commission merchants, of Paris, was established in Lyon in 1805, under the title of Dufour Bros, am Co., and that it baa over ainco remainei in the family. The French exhibits are to bo found in th main building, the central annexe, tho fine arts gallery, and tho machinery annexe. Tin French court on the ground floor in tho mail building is opposite to the British and adjoin ing the Italian. It has been Bet apart aa thi receptacle for some of the choice- exhibits and will comprise, inter alia, pianos an; other musical instrumenta, and Messrs. Chris- totle and Co.'s splendid collection of plated goods. On the opening day the work in this court had scarcely been begun, partly hecausi it was feared that tho traffic and tho wort that was being carried on before and on thai day would injure the gooda, and oIbo because the dais atood on the Bite intended for some of the exhibitB. At first it was intended te I ut tho pianos in the central annexe, but thal intention was abandoned through fear thal tho beat in the summer in that portion ol the Exhibition would serlouBiy injure auch articles. The work in this court will be finished very ahortly. It ia in the court in tho central onnexe thot the great bulk of the French exhibits aro to be found. This court ia about midway down the central avenue, and on tho left- hand aido when walking from tho domo to the fernery. Ita front ia gaily decorated with llaga of the coloura bo dear to tho heurta of the French people, eo thot thero will be no difficulty in finding it. High up on tho front of the court ate also exhibited shields beating the names and coats-of-arms of the chief towns of Franco. Of course, it will bo remembered that tho crown on these abielda displayed by the republicans is tho mural crown. This court ia intersected by a tramway paasage, running parallel willi the avenue, and each of the two aectiona ia divided into compartments. Reforenco to tho position of any particular exhibit would have been euay if theso compartments had been numbered or lettered. That Ima not been done, however, and visi- tors who want to look a second timo at any ' exhibit uiUBt " take the booringa" of it in'any way they think best. Perhaps tho Humes on the bhields just referred to may bo utilised in that direction, the front of tho buck section being decorated in a similar -tanner to that of the section fronting the avenue. All along the front of the court are brilliant stands of porcelain, glassware, and other ornaments. Tho British court adjoins it on the south, and the German court on the north. Ita frontage to the avenue ia 025ft., and it boa the same depth. After the British court it ia the largest in tho central block or annexe. Before proceeding to detailB, it will bo well to try to convey aome general idea of the con- tenta of thia court. All the most famous in- dustries of France ore well represented. Tlio display of textile fabrics is, as waa to be ex- pected, grand, the most prominent classes in that group being silks and woollen Bluffa. In silk manufacture France baa no rival, and there ia a mogiiiflcent assortment of all colours and qualitiea .and of innumerable de- signa, and intended to bo devoted to a great v ariety of uses. The silks como principally Lorn Lyona, the first town of Franco so far as manufactures ure concerned. The Chambera of Commerce of liheims and Elbeuf, respec- tively represented here by M. Cormeaux and M. Schoesslor, havo sent o large proportion of the woollen fabrica. Colonists will probably take a special interest in those exhibits, be- cause at tho (actonea in those ¡places o very largo quantity of the wool usod comes from Australia, It should ho remembered that tho Chambers of Commerce in France aro much more important institutions than they aro in Vjeae colonies. They exorciao substantial powers, enjpy large .rovenuea, and oro a ma- terial portion of the general state machinery. '1 here is not a very extensive ahow of linen, but still, attention will be drawn to that class by the good quality of some of the fabrica, particularly of the damask table linen. One tablecloth, 10ft. by 10ft., in a frame, made by Mcaara. Meunier and Co., of Paris, with napkina to match, is remarkable for the beauty of ita design aud the fineness of its material. Under the yery comprehenaive title of furnituro aud acces- sories, there ia an immouse variety of gooda, of which in this preliminary report mention need only be mode of tapestry, clocks and watches, bronze or imitation bronze orna- ments and porcelain. The tapestry is of all qualities, from the priceless Gobelins to the ordinary carpet. The specimens from Gobe- lins and Beauvais are in the fine-arts gallery, where they well deserve places of honour. These two factories are state establish- ments, and the superiority of their work is generally admitted. All the other tapestry which is to be found in the court now under consideration is from private factories. Foremost amongst it, for beauty and finish, stands the Aubus- sons, some of which is intended for walls and some for floors. There are numerous other machine-made carpets hanging up in the court, and there is, moreover, an immense collection of tapestry for furniture, &c;, in show-cases. Here and there in the court are to be found stands and cases of clocks of all sorts, the prices of which range from 8s. upwarda to fancy amounta. Messrs. Gay, Lamaillo, and Co, who oro clock manufacturers as well ob commission merchants, and who likowiBO represent several of tho best clock-manufttcturers, show a fine lot in front of the court and elsewhere. The work of displaying watches and also jewel- lery generaUy is in a rather backward Btate, thero having been some long caaea almost empty on the opening day in a con BpicuoiiB poaition iu the front portion of tho court. Some very cheap watches aro ex- hibited in another case by Messrs. Japy Bros. and Co., of Paris. Their prices go down as low as 7s. 6d,, and there are some nice-look- ing " workingmen's watches" at 12s. Visitors cannot fail to notice the large collection of bronze and imitation bronze ornaments. In- deed, some of these latter articles will be the first seen by many visitors, as there is a collec- tion of them between the Nicholson-street gate and the eastern portico of the main building. This collection, which is of cast-iron statu- ettes and vases, so treated as to resemble bronze very closely, comes from the workshops of M. Durenne and the Val d'Osne Company. The fountain in that quarter, which will well repay close inspection, was made at the former establishment, and the group nearer the gate, consisting of a huntsman and two dogs, which has deservedly excited much admiration, is exhibited by the com- pany. It may be added that the prices of this class of ornaments are very low. For instance, the price of a pair of large vases of very chaste design, is only £2. These vases and statuettes are placed outside the building, because there was no room for them, inside. Owing to the size of the building, tbey present a rather dwarfed appearance. Within the court in the central avenue will be found very pretty groups of works of arts in bronze or imitation bronze, for the ornamentation of the interior of houses. As to the ceramic art, there are a few specimens' of the famous Sèvres china ; but the largest collection has been sent out by the Chamber of Commerce of Limoges, under the care of M. Presse. In this collec- tion several manufacturing firms are repre- sented. In connexion with articles of apparel and their accessories, Paris, the seat of fashion, boldly challenges competition. There are 16 exhibitors under the heading, "Lace, net)"cmbroidery, and trimmlnga " ; 54 under' " hoidery and underclothing, and acceaaoriea otiv%t|hi_8"j,and,57|Un,der ''olothlpg 'for fcqth, gexeii." ( Resides ,thoao tho^ aro the, large closBea of Bilka, woollen atuiís, cotton, and other fabrica, the exhibit» in which aro moro or less connected with clothing. The ladies will have a busy time of it in inspect- ing all theaegoods, as it is only reasonable to assume that they will "do" these classes conscientiously. Under the headings speci- fied, the latest noveltiea are to bo found. It would appear that the French manufacturers, merchante, tailora, and mininera aro con- stantly on tho look-out for fresh designs or pattorna for ubo in their occupations. Tho competition seems to bo keener in that direction in France than it is in most other countriea. There is a very conspicuous collection of goods from the Chtmbre Syndi- cale dca Fleurs, Plumea, ci Modes do Paris. 'Ibis is an association comprising about 30 of the leading firma of Paria engaged in the manufacture of feathers, artificial llowera, and other articles for tho adommont of the dressy Bex. They are represented by Messrs. Arles-Dufour and Co. Some of tho flowers in this collection havo tho moat natural look. That Parisiana can make auperior boots and shoes ia well known hero, aa wo import large quantities. This class will doubtlesB receive ita fair ahare of attention from tho visitors. There is likewise an interesting display of leather, and French calf ia a well-known article in our markets. Messrs. Wedelea and Co. represent tho chief exhibitors in that line. There aro no fewer than 88 exhibitors of fermented drinka, chiefly wines ; and there are ¡50 collections of exhibits under the heading "Chemical and Pharmaceutical Products." In thia court there is alao a collection of exhibits from the departments of Public Instruction and Public Worka of France, and from tho municipality of Paria. This compartment haa a rather gloomy 'ap- pearance, black being the prevailing colour in it; but it ia remarkably interesting to many. The exhibits from the department of Public Instruction are under the care of M. de Montmahou, in- spector-general of aohoola in the department. ThiB gentleman has been delegated by .he Miniater of Public Instruction of France, not only to bring out and exhibit an immense collection of the booka and other appliances used there in the Btato schools of all Classes, and of statiatics and other information re- lating to those institutions, but to make him- self thoroughly acquainted with our syatem of education. Ho lias been for many yeara in the department, and ia thoroughly converaant with the wholo French educational syatem. Tho French Government haa also Bent out another of ita oflicera, M. Journet, engineer of roads and bridges, in charge of. exhibits from the Public Works de- partment, and with instructions to obtain information about our railways and other public works, and also our mines. The exhi- bits from the municipality of Patls have been entrusted to the cuetody of M. de Montmahon. They comprise views of Paria, including aome of old streets which have been demolished in recent times in order to effect improvements These views are arranged in such a manner as to permit of easy inspection of them. There aro also some booka containing information about Paris, and views of the Hotel do Ville, which waB burned by the Communists in 1871. M. de Montmahou lins been authorised by the Prefect of Paris to dis- tribute the exhibits from that municipality | hero, and it is prohablo that a large propor- tion will be given to the Melbourne corpora- tion. The French court in the machinery annexo ia appropriated for exhibits from Algeria and New Caledonia. The French collection in the fine-arts gallery will be duly noticed. , THE GERMAN COURT. This court is ns yet bo much in the chrysalis .stage of existence that it is not possible for ,the preaent to give much more than a gene- ral outlino of its contenta. There ia no doubt, however, that the Germans have a really good nationally representativo collec- tion, and that the arrangement and classifi- cation of their exhibits will compare favour- ably with any others in the building. A general plan has boen carried ont, indi- vidual exhibitors being oblined to sub- ordinate their viewB to the good of the whole, and tho public will benefit greatly by it, for the exhibits of each class, where possible, aro to be found in one (aal instead of being Bcuttered all over the building. i Tho GcrmanB occupy altogether 00,000 square feet of space, and have five different portions of tho building allotted to them, apart from the fine-arts gallery. Their first court attracts attention immediately after entering tho main building, in the navo of which it is Biiuated. It ia largely devoted to ceramic-ware, of which there is a magnificent show, including the Royal Moiaaencollection; a hilliard saloon, a room filled with a largo collection of watches and clocks, a famous branch of manufacture with the Gormans ; a department for optical and mathematical in insrnimcnta, and another for perfumery, bronzes, orchestrions, and accordions. Turning into tho transept, the attention ia arrested by the moat striking object in the Exhibition, an Imperial tent, erected in the gallery oppoaite the daia. Tho structure ia from original dcBigns furniahed by Ileydcn and Kyllmann, the leading architects of Berlin, The draperies were de- signed by Herr Fischer, tho Court deco- rator, and the ornamental sockets of the pillara are the work of Herr Kastner. The tent ia about 40ft. high, and the floor, covered with rich carpeta and enclosed by a hnndsomo baluBtrade, is Bomo 30ft. square. 1 he canopy is supported by 12 gonfalona, covered with crimson velvet, with decorations in black and surmounted by eagles. The gilded exterior showa at each aide a shield bearing the arma of tho four kingdoms of Prussia, AVurteraberg, Saxony, and Bavaria. The wholo ia surmounted hy tho Im- perial Crown, bomo on a velvet cushion, eiialuiiied by an eagle with outspread wingB. Heavy hangings of orange and pale blue fall from gilded javelins, adorned with gilt corda and tasada, which hold them in graceful folds. The inßido of the canopy ia of light-blue. At the back is a largo gilt bust of the Emperor, which faccB the colossal slatue of Victory, modelled by Herr Geiger, in the opposito gallery. All the carpeting waa mado expressly to bo exhibited here. This magnificent pavilion, which is valued at £2,u00, ia designed for the exhibition of jewel- lery and plate. It now containa a collection of gold, 8ilyer, precious stones, and bijouterie, worth between £j0,G00 and £00,000, and it forme a fittingcaskct for tboBO costly artiolea, bcBides being an objeot of very pronounced attractiveness in itself. i The main section of the German court ia in the central avenue of the north building, Here will be found tho toxtilo fabrics aud staple induBtriea of the notion. There ia a very Inige piano Beloon, to which all the leading Gunian maicera havo Bent instruments, m,d in which there íb abundant room for a promenade and inspection. Quite a feature in this court is a collective exhibition of toys from Souneberg, very nicely got up, which is certain to please ^ho young folk». It ia ina roon'i all it) itself, winch will, no doubt', be u centre of attraction to ,tho children during (he Exhibition. There is a great number of wax dolla, the hoads and faces of which,aro feal works, of ort. They are dolla with indi-, viduality of character, having animated faces expressive of different emotions. There ia alao' an infinite .variety of maakB^ with animals and, figures in different kinds of ware. In one instance a familiar scriptural subject is well illustrated by a largo rind potnrally - drcBBed group of porsonagoa. There are playthings in porcelain, glass, wood, metal, and, hardware, including articles for bililding, driving, turning, pulling, &c;, both for instruction and amusement.' Those, toys represent o very largo industry In Ger- many, the production of each article requiring p. great many different 'hands. .Tho roomiB ¡taBtelulIy arranged with ttopliiearof Juvenile interest. High' on ajpedestjal' In' Ihe' contre ia' a ' large ngrire of Santa1 Clans'' liim self, o'iad in the w.armeat of wint clothing, who benignly presides over h domain of children's delights regardless his change of climate. The chomico leather, and paper departments aro vve represented, alao iron and steel ware, furn ture, clothing, carpets tapestry, silk fabric wine, liqueurs, tobacco, hops, various kim of preserved cdibleB, Jtc. Tho court altogether of a most interesting characte exhibiting very fully the industrial resource of the German Empire, and it will well repa study with a view to interchange of product There ia still to be fitted up an annexe fe machinery and a further allotment of spaci which is not yet filled. Having briefly indicated the position an character of the various German section' it j will be desirable to give aomo dotaile account of the exhibits, though scarcely i any case ore they aa yet completely arrangée The section in tho moin building is th most attractive-looking, and alao the mo« nclvnnred. The front portion of tho sectio is occupied by n splendid show of porcelain First of all cornea the Royal Meissen collec tion, in charge of Herr Bahse, the delegat from Saxony. The Meissen manufactory which belongB to the Government, is th oldest in the country, doting from the yea 1700\. This collection contains some mngni ficent painted vasea, which are very costly The paintings on (he better class ofporce lain ware ore generally copied from the pic turcs of famouB masters, and they aro ii themselves works of tho highest art merit Tho artist is placed at o great disod vahtage, os the tints upon the palett* ore ' in most caBes different from thoa thpy assume when they have been Sub subject to the necessary heat. There ia olac ánjother difficulty in having to get the erac heat required, or the colour will be interferei with. Added to this aro the casualties o cracking inthekilns, sothatoreallyauccesafu piece of workmanship ia naturally costly. I will'readily be imagined that extraordinorj Cate has to ho bestowed on the packing o thcae orticle8. Remarkable akill haa beer attained in that department, and in a! the cases of porcelain sent to Melbourne hot a single article was found to bo broker orí opening. Some of the nictures on these wires'are exceedingly attractive. There is r large variety of dessert plates, many of thorr of] the value of £5 a-piece. They are boauti fully ornamented, and the pictures in the centre, set off by the peculiar translucency ol the porcelain, have all the softueBS of o pointing on ivory. The colours employed arc glossca ground to impalpable powders, and laid on with hoir pencils. This species of de cejration bos long held a high rank aa a fine ai t, and the beBt aitists in it are men of coil' siuorntion. The Dresden china (.Meissen ¡e within o few miles of Dresden) has as wide s fame as the Sevres porcelain, and the collec tibn under notice will claim a groat deal oi attention from visitors. ¡There is an equally fineBtand of handpainteel Dresden china, shown by Helene Wolfaohn, of Dresden, whoae repreaentativea here are Messrs. Schmedes, Erbsloh, and Co. Amonp the moro noticeable exhibits aro some vase¿ With admirable flower-picccspointed onthem, and others with faithful copiea of aome of Hogarth's best pictures. There is the grim humour of "The Enraged Musician,' olfew of the beat Bcenes from the " Mariage a la Mode," and " The Rako'a Progress,' giving with perfect accuracy of detail and colouring those well-known works of the master whose " Pictured morals charm the mind. And through the eye correa the heart." There are aome charming Ule-a-tâte sets pointed with Bea views, cups à la Watteau, to be sold singly for the mantelpiece, can- delabros, jardinieres, &c.; The articles in raised flowers aro especially noticeable. Each leaf and petal in tho raoBt delicate flower stände out aeparatcly, and the efiectB with twining wreaths which sometimes shade oil into a pastoral landscape aro very pretty, 'libero ia an immense varioty of dessert plates, with rich gold ornamentation at the edges, and in the centre beautifully-painted copiea of aome of the favourite picturea by liembrandt ond other Dutch or, French pointera. Some of the allegorical groupa are exceedingly well conceived, and thoro ia a cord party in painted china which aeems to iJave been token from lifo. The Borne firm, vjhich íb one of tho oldest in Dresden, show a second stand of Bimilar wore, in which there are dinner Beta, figures, jewel caskets, and articles for tho tco or breakfast table bearing the same evidences of artistic Uäte, and Bkilful manufacture. A well-arranged stand, rising aome 15ft. high, and set off by marble statuettes of the Emperor of Germany and the Crown Prince, is occupied with porcelain, wedgwood, and terracotta ware, &c.;, shown by Villeroy, Boch, Karcher and Co., of Wadgassen, and other places m Germany. The exhibits include articles of use ond art in earthenware, porcelain, and stoneware ; terracotta for plastic work and architecture ¡ mosaiqa for nooringa and wall coverings ; Schamott-olay stovcB, white, coloured, and riohly decorated ; and glaaa, crystal, one! half oryatal waroa of all kinela. The inlaid tilea ore very artistic pieces of workmanship. There ore aomo very Bunstontiol atoneworo vosea and j uga, and crockery of the nseful kind. The same firm hove n fine exhibit of cut glaaa, which in- cludes till aorta of wine glaaaea and Germon punch bowls. 1 The Stolberg Glassworks, near Aix-la Chopelle, lately owned by the Brothers Sieg wart and Co., and repreaented in Melbourno bySchmedea, Erbaloh, and Co., furnish two large stands with table glass of all descrip- tions. The firm Bent agenta to the colony tjwo years ago to ascertain the kind of table (¡lass in nae here. The aeveral articlea have Ifeen faithfully copied, ond the pricea aro not high. The engraved glaaaea, with polished faceta and lustrous surface, are a very rfoticeablo portion of tho exhibit. I A stand of blue figured vaBea, flagons, _c , shown by Merkelbach and Wick, of Grenz bausen, will attract ottention. It consists of 100 finely-ornamented wedgwood vessels, of a Bcrviccoble sort. Uechtritz and Foist, of Schramberg, Wurtemberg, have 200 articles consisting of vessels, vases, and fancy goods in imitation majolica. The flower-pots and fruit-baskets are of attractive appearance, rind aro not dear. Among L. Hutschenrou ther'a hard porcelain oxhibita aro prominont aome handsome dinner Beta with field flowers and Pompeian decoration. I The bronzes, art-castings, and repoussé work in this section aro an intoreatiug col- lection. MosBra. Koch ond Bein, of Borlin, áhow two molo figures nearly life-size, in bronzo, which aro full of spirit, and have tho effect of the best statuary. They havo also vases in the same material, enamelled iron shields, heroic figures, equestrian statues, annB, &c.; Thoro is a fino bronzo figure of (he Gorman Emperor, in which the likeness is admirably preserved, and some artistically executed groupa. A. Mevea, of Berlin, ox- hibita iron and zinc gooda for household uao. There are knightly figures, statuettes, ink- stands, paper-weights, and fancy work, which show artiBtiu taate. A sot of chess- men, ono aide Bilvor, and the other gilt, is worth looking at. The pawna aro repre- aented by* acjldiors, and tho king, queen, and bishop, &c;, aro counterfeit presentments of such personoges in full dreas. The gal- vanic bronzed work of A. Waagon and Co., Ílerlin, ' suoh oa candlesticks, lamps, ink tanda, &c;, has a light and agreeable ap- pearance. A, Lauter, of Carlaruhe, con- tributes metal goods, gilded, zinc, etched, Bilvcred, _c,, fot household use, and has 'Borne elegant picture, loobing-glaaa, and photograph' frames. Thoro1 is 'au ottractive joint exhibition from Iaerlohn of iron, brass, nickel, and Britannia metal ' orticlca for houaehold' use. S.'Elster, of Berlin, baa aome 'fine Bpeoimens 'of bronzas ? iwlth enamel paintirig of every kind'i and the Count Stolberg Wernigerod factory, llaen jberg, Bends DO artistio coat artioleaof antique, / ¡Roman', Gothic,'¡Moorish, iinji ' renaissance' ttylea.'-'(The'hronzea are altógother a'very interesting part of the Exhibition, and should not bo hurriedly passed over by the visitor. The section devoted to clocks and watches is well filled. Thore aro 16 exhibitors. The central exhibit which first attracts attention ia a largo day clock, striking tho hours und quarters, by F. A. Beyes, of Hildesheim. The workmanship ia marked by neatness and solidity. The clock ia designed for a railway Bfation or factory. Tho works aro all visible through the glass case, and are within oaay view. The same exhibitor has a tower-clock provided with spur gears to facilitato the winding-lip. The cuckoo and singing-bird clocliB ahown by Hetlich, Gordian, and Son, Furtwnngen, are sure to attract attention, because of their novelty here When the large hand pointa to tho hour, a little door on the top of the clock flies open, a bird appears, and flapping ita winga and opening its beak in time, announces the hour in a perfectly accurate cnckoo note. Wehrle and Co., alao of Turtwangen, have four flute, trumpet, and singing-bird clocks constructed on the same principle. These ure moderate- sized and not very expensive articles. The visitors should wait to see the imitation feathered songstera, which aro very cleverly contrived. When the hour Ima to bo sounded a little trap flies open, a gaily-coloured bird, with perfectly natural plumage, appears, and sings with an animation of gesture calculated to make one believe ho is alive, nnd with a richness of tone ob though he were enjoying himself "warbling hie native wood notea wild." The brief muaical exerciao over, the trap closes, and he disappears from vlow like a ghost that has acented the morning air. The next momont there ia an apparition on another clock of a soldier with a trumpet to his mouth, who proclaims the hour in loud trumpet calls, and is then drawn back into his prison-house with theaamo Buddennesa. A third clock opens, and a pictureaqne peasant presenta himself, plavs a few bars on a flute very melodiously, and then is seen no moro for an hour. G. Becker, of Freiburg, exhibits a large thirty-day wall clock of a superior kind ; and A. Turpo, of Dresden, on ontiquo timepiece, in a case nearly Oft. long, profusely ornamented with mother of-pearl enamelling. A. Fehrenbach Benda calendar-regulator watche3, which ehow the day of the month and the year with perfect regularity, and are a great improvement on the ordinary calendara in daily nae in offices. There is an infinite variety of amall clocka w ith metal face3 of divers patterns ; also gorae cheap cottage clocks on the American pattern. Al Lange and Sona contribute some gold and ailver pocket lever watchea of peculiar con- struction, which will be intereating to the trade. German perfumery ia well represented, and there are of courae vast quantitiea of eau do Cologne. Nearly every exhibitor senda that popular perfume in some form or other, and there are huge stands of it in ornamental bottles or in the common wickerwork-covered bottles, but tho chief exhibitors aro J. M. Farina and F. M. Farina, of tho ancient and original distillery, Cologne. L. Leichner, of Berlin, has a handsome case of theatri- cal perfumery, in which powder and rouge j hold a prominent place. A considerable space ia occupied with Loichner'a fat powder, in regard to which a testimonial from Adelina Tatti painted on the caae aajs.-" Tho moat Balutary effect to the skin diatinguiahea Leichner'b fat powder, of whom exclusively I make use." On tho other sido of the case the same lady ia mado to inform the public that Leichuer'a theatrical perfumory "ia highly to recommend and eapecially wonder, ful íb." G. Boehm, Offenbach, senda superior siapB, and n variety of scents, such as lavender, vanille, oppoponax, together with some elegant dressing- casea. W. Hieger, Boapmaker and perfumer of Frankfort, baa a filie case of aoapa, acent3, and toilette neces eariea. Tina class of gooda is well suited to display, and the perfumery caaes aro of elegant appearance. THE VICTORIAN COURT. 1 Naturally, enough, Victoria comes pro- minently to the frontín the Melbourne Inter- national Exhibition. She holds a larg -r ahiount of space, and makes a more extensive dJBplay than any other country, and whatever the comparative merita of her exhibits may b'e, the court, na a whole, illuatratea very well the acknowledged energy of the Victorian people. The epacioua areaa allotted to the colony are fully occupied, and almo3t evory department of arts, acienccB, natural pro- duction, and manufacture ia represented. A cursory inspection of the court would pro- bably lead to the supposition that it had been arranged in a very promis- cuous manner, but a cloae observation Will show that the exhibits have, as a rule, been laid out as methodically aa circutn Btancea would allow. The arranging of tina court waa rendered moro difficult than that of any other by tho multitudinous and very varied character of tho entries reoeived. Special areaa and conrta having beon pro vided.for nrta, ladiea' work, mining, agricul- tural, and machinery department1!, the ar ' ranging of these was a mere matter of time and taate. It was the diatribution of the space in the general courts that the com- mittee found a rather troublesome task ; but notwitl standing the diflicultiea that stood in their way they have so allotted the space that, with a few exceptions, exhibits have been grouped in their respective classes, and kindred classes aro placed Bide by side, or merge into each other. Of course, this rule could not 1)6 carried through the whole court, and it muBtnot be supposed that the arrange- ment approaches to anything like the perfec- tion to be found in an industrial museum. Suffice it, then, to say that asnearan approach aa possible haa been made to a method of this description, and that a systematic in- spection of tho court will givo tho visitor a harmonised conception of the reaources of tjie colony. 1 Entering by tho main portico in the front building, and passing up the south transept until underneath the dome, the visitor on looking round will find himself surrounded by courts representing most of tho exhibiting nations and coloniea. Turning to the left, ho will view the west novo and face tho organ. The north side of this west navo, from the tranaept to the end of tho building, ia occupied by Victoria. Hero jewollery, clocka, and watches,scientific instruments, costumes, Woollen gooda, felt hata, atationory, bookbind- ing, &c.;, aredieplaj ed. Proceeding throngh the transept the viBitor entera the contrai annexe, and ia immediately greeted on his right hand by Victoria. The frontage of the Victorian court to the main avenue is 240ft. in length, and is terminated by the New South Wales court, the lofty gold pyramid at tho com- mencement of which at once forma an excel- lent landmark. The court extonds in depth to the east wall of the main building, then atretcheB northwarda behind the New Sonth Walea and Tasmanian courts, and terminates qt tho end of the machinery annexe. Hore and principally in tho front stand our moat magnificent trophies, the general bulk of our exhibits, the wine, the mineral, and the agricultural courts.- Our machinery depart- ment forms that portion of the castora 5nnexe which surronnda the diuingroom. 'ho Victorian gallery of fino arts and the ladies' court Btand immediately above the Victorien torritory in the weat nave. So much for the localitiea of the Victorian departments ; and now, before plunging into the detaila of the exhibits, it may be as well to start upon a general Bnrvey of tho court as a whole, entering into dotail only in respect to Borne of the more important of the exhibita. ' ' ' The main or general court seems to call for nut first attention. The front rank; aB has leen already obaerved, is occupied by largo :ind really splendid trophiea. Expenso and rouble Boom to have been of no importance n thotr"erection, 'and as a consequence' ' i 'very- .lhirjoalng effect' has ' been' the esult/' Fi'rät 'In order stand the cases and' >yrnmi_B"of the biscuit, and cake' manu- factories'. 'ÍT_é front position 'ia occupied J>)T MeaBrs Swallow and Ancll, who hold ii .worthily Theircaeeofpohahedwoodiaunique and handaome in form and in ita numerous glosa panela every variety of plain and fancy biscuits and cakes is displayed Immediately behind stand tho aamo exhibitors «how samplea of their treacle ond golden ayrup, ond they have provided apparatua hy which tho uurity of the aamo ia demonstrated In tho samo locality Messrs T B GueBt and Co and Mr H F Walker and others maka vory fine displays of biacuita, oakes _t But before proceeding into the interior of the court, let ua continue our promenade down the main avenue Next to Swallow und Anell a case comes tho exhibit of the Victoria Sue/ir Company lina ia au cleyint structure of ebomsed wood in the form of a hexagon, with domed roof and plhte glosa aides, oil richly gilded In the I aticismo shown samples of wluto cry st ii snowdrop, ordinary and canary bloom sug irs On pedestals at the base and on the domo of the case aro placed pure white sugar loaves of vorioua sizes This exhibit sholls wh it ia done m Victoria in the workuf sugar refining Toe raw material ia drown princip illy fro u Java, and in smaller quantities from the Mauritius, Manilla and I ormosa and a little of late from QueeiHand owing to tho in crenaed produetiou of that colony Tho works of the Victoria Suyir Comp iny com priBe a large pile of buildings on the Salt water River at Yorravill» Their original works, which were situated in Sandridge, were destroyed by fire in June, 1875 In July of the same year they purchase 1 the Yarraville Refinery from Messrs Joshua Brothers, and have ever since been carrying on a very aucceeaful business there I hoir operations are entirely confined to refining the raw material, and the works aro con ducted on the Scoteh By stem, no syrup whatever being produced Tho refinery w üb erected at a coat of £210,000, and it om plbja 200 men and boy s T ho hold which tho company haB obtained on the market may bo indicated by the fact that, whilst our homo consumption and export trade is estimated at 7"jp tons per week between %->0 and 100 tons of that quantity is melted and refined ni their works The bulk, of their sugar is consumed locally, hut they do a considerable husmeas with New Zealand, Tasmania, and South Australia ti ho next exhibit is the magnificent pavilion of Messrs W II Rocke and Co, of Collina Htreet, the grandeur of which makes it one of the principal features rot only of the Victo- rian court, but of the whole exhibition Iho foim is simple enough, being a square bed chamber but the artistic tasto with which it baa been embellished and furnished will com mond the attention and admiration of most visitors Tho front wall ia, as it were, re moved, and a full view of the ín'erior is giv en I he chamber ia furnished and decorated m the cdmbined RenoiBsance and Adama style I ho wolla, including dodo, friezo, and panelling, are beautifully coloured Pule pink, tur eiuoise blue, and silver ore introduced, and harmonise beautifully Tho ceiling is also panelled and matches tho walls Hie floor is of inlaid woods, two kinds being used blackwood and huon pine-in a au zag pat tern, and forms a very elegant pieco of par quetry The furniture is in keeping with the floor 1 hero ia an elegant chimney piece und pier ejass of blackwood and huou pine, inlaid with ebony and holly The bed ia Bumptuoua anl luxurious The curtains and hangings are of silver, turquoise blue, and palo pink Underneath a real lace counterpane, tinted with shades of pink and blue, are lace trimmed sheeta and pillows Aiound the room oro arranged a lounge au,d several easy chairs, matching tho floor aud the drapery of the bed , alao a writing tablo ' of blackwood and Huon pine, having o beau tiful velvet top, and very handsome writing ehuirs to match Ou the eastern side of the chamber ore two vviudowa draped with valances and curtains of turquoise blue, palo pink, Bilver, and real loco, ond crowned vvith coruicea of gold A clock and candelabra of great elegante, ond Dres den china vusea stand upon the chimney piece .above tho pier glass o pine! of the wallis occupied with a painting of a floating female figure, "veiling the setting sun with clouds of mist, and from the centre of the room hongs o handsome crystal chandelier Two bronzo figures, supporting toa globea, etand at the entrance and tho to\ut ensemble of the pavilion ia princely But this by no meaii8 completea Messrs Rocke ahd Co 's exhibit The outside walla oro fitted up to represent three other rooms, and the decorations and furnishings here are in keeping with tho interior The southern Wall illustrates how elegantly the firm cm furniBh and embelliah a dlnmt,rooro The wall ia in chaste and aobor tints, tho fneza ii panelled out and illuminated with plcturca which dopict the vorioua apotts nftected by Englishmen, and above all is o richly ornamented cornice Tho furniture ia of the early and modern English stylos I'ho early English style is illustrated by a niassive oak sideboard-a v.ery elaborate piece of worktnnnainp The upper portion ia Composed of a j,aliened back vvitlicarvid and painted panels An open cornice oma Ïenta the top and in the centre is a cove ith fruits pointed on oakeu panela 'Hie upper panels of tho doorBare carved in relief, wjbilat the loner panela aro painted ra eorly linthah decorations To mateh this side board there isa massive diningroom chair, covered with embosäed morocco The I modern style of furmturo is then illustrated by an elegant sideboard, and a maho0auy diningroom chair covered with embossed iDOrocco On the sideboards stand juga and voses of a costly description, and bronza plates and glasses of the antique Venetian stylo bong upon the wall Drawin^room decorations ond furnishings ore displayed on the eoatern wall The wall itself is painted with neutral tints, with the view of making the show of the furniture moro elfce tive Iho windows aro crowned with black and gold cornices, and draped with plush and velvet in theRenoiBsance atylo Tho furniture includoa an early English cabinet m thuyowood ond ebony, with gilt incised ornamenta, and in liid with ebony, holly, purple, orango, palm, olid ivory The panels oro in gold, with pointed figures Tlie back has brackets and panela of Venetian glass and other embellish mente Thore is also a black and gold jar- diniere, beautifully ornamented ni the Re naiasanco style, with ferns and palma spring ing from beneath Near this piece of ort fur niture stands a satinwood cabinet of the early tínelish style, with panels of pole blue on winch are painted classical figures On tho tip there is o palo blue cove, with birds, butterflies, and foluigo 1 he northern wall ia occupied with o Buito of bedroom furm ture of Austrihon blackwood, with mould uiL.8, can inga, and ornamenta of Bilver, and the wall décorations are artistic and in keep nig with the suite Somoidoaof the expenso which tho firm has gone to m dispKying this fine exhibit may bo formed when it is st ited that the parquet floor of the pav lhou alone costCSSO I Still pursuing bia course down tho mum avenue the visitor mil obaeneau intorestm^ group of cosea showing chemicals, medicine«, Se, the neat and comprehensive ciuo of ox 1 lbits shown by Messrs ParsoiiB brothers, comprising coffees, rieta spites, oatmeal A,c , Messrs Copper and Co 'b blacking, blue, and l|mfe poliah diBplay , and Messrs Lewis and Tj\\. lutty s impoBing trophy of blue, blacking, seidhtzpowdora, soducryatols, knife powders, dxtractB of soap, _c His attention, however, vi ill probably bo orrostodforá considerable time by the grand exhibits of tho ateonno dandle companies, about which somothing will bo said in the noxl supploment I A little further on rise1 tho pyramids of ioma, jelliea, picklea, aaucea, &c; , of tho Red Cross Preserving Company, South Yurra, and the handaome caae, towering pyramids, &c; , m which Mr Robert Harpor givea an exten- sive tfiaplay of ground rices, coffeea, spices, oatmeal, and the other products belonging lo' (bat line of Irasindsa, of both which exhibits more will bo'Bald arion ' BeyondJtUeäö ia Iocateeí and partitioned off 'tho1-Victorian Wine court, in which the various e: hibitors have arranged their product in pyramids of casks and bottlca, an in cases, to great ad van tage. This section c the Victorian court reachea back to tho eas passage of tho main building. Returnin southwards hy this passage wepasannraerou exhibits of cordials, essences, and powder. Then cornea tho lofty and imposing erectio I of the Victorian Confectionery Company, an stands, cuaea, and tables displaying exhibit of a like or Hoinewhut aimilar charaute occupy the intervening apaco betweoi the trophy and tho main avenue The south-east portion of tilia block i principally allotted to leathera, akina, am fura, and in lins department the colony ia wel represented. Behind the canillo trophies tb Footscray Chemical Works are shown b; menus of a model constructed on a Beale o half an inch to the foot, ami closo by atom tho exhibits of the Australian Glass Com pony. Entering tho next block-that ia ti Bay the one next the portico-the visito finds that Rocke and Co.'a trophy is onl; oneof a group. Messrs. Wallach Brotheraalai show a Beriea of elegantly- fittod rooina, am MeBsra. Cohen Brothers and Co. and Messrs Steinfeld, Levinson, and Co. likewise ahoy fine exhibita in furniture, and indeed a largi epuce is here occupied hy specimens of furni ture of all descriptions. Beyond these will hi found a miscellany of things required it fitting up and decorating dwollitig houses such as chimney-piecoa, pier-glasaes, picture frames, and window-blinda. Between theai and the biscuit trophiea ia located a case am) pyramid of coffee, rice, spices, pearl barley, oatmeal,&c.;,by Mesara, j. F. M'KenzicaudCo, Crossing to the other side of the passage tin visitor will enter the domain of the tobaccc manufacturera. In the front MesBrs. Dudgeon and Arnell have a chaste black-aud-gold case filled with Victorian-grown and manufactured tobaccocs. The Virginian Company are repre- sented by another case, the ono-half of which ia filled with tobaccoea manufactured from Victorian leaf, and the other with samples made from American leaf. The two kinds ol leaf are also exhibited in tho raw Btato in the form of two lofty spires erected in front of the case. MesBrs. Moaa and White display samplea of their manufactures' in cignrB and tobaccoea on a lofty graceful stand in the form of a spire. Then there ia an ex tensive display by Ileinecko and Fox, on a raised platform, which ia rather uniquely arranged. Behind all riaea the massivo case of MeBBra. Cameron and Son, with ita glass panela filled with tobaccoea of all descriptions. Cotitipuoua to these Messrs Draper and 'I illett have erected a trophy of fireworks In the form of a apire, which at once àrroat3 the eye. Prominently and nearer the centre of tlje block atanda another trophy »illustra- ting the work done at Mr. Perry's bending milla. In thia locnlityalao will be found nume- rous exhibita of franks and portmanteaus. The largest portion of thia block, however, is occupied by an extensive display of carriages, buggies, phaetons, and other apecimena of coach-building handicraft. MoBt of the leading coach-buildera aro exhibitora, and tiley have turned out somo really splendid piccea of workmanship, which wo will revert to on a future occasion. The north-west corner of the aame block ia devoted to harnesa and saddlery, and judgingfrom the ahowraade, Victoria ahould como well to the front in this particular line. Along a portion of the eaat wall racing boats, andmodelH of boats, yachts, und shipa aro exhibited by our boatbuilders and ship carpenters. Then como tbo trophies of the rope and mat works of Melbourne and Geelong, erected in towering piles againat the wall. These also will require special atten- tion at a future time. Thia brings ua to the portico leading into the machinery annexe, but one more block belonging to Victoria re ii|iiiiis in the main building, and by continu- ing our journey northwards we pas3 through it, and find that it ia not the least interesting portion of tho ' court. In its aouth-wcat corner wo find the boot and ahoo depart- ment, associated on the one hand with the leathers and on the other with the saddlery already referred to. A large part of the first portion . of' tlio block is devoted to metalwarcB, kitchen-ranges of improved descriptions, stoves, Alters, weighing-ma chinea, and several intereatiug exhibitiona of wirework. At and on tho wall Mr. J. Danks, brosafounder, and Mr. J. Porta, bellowa maker, make largo and well-arranged ex- hibita of manufacturea, which will com- mand attention. Further on aro found collections of specimens from the Bruns- wick and other Victorian potteries. Turn- ing into the centre again, we arrive at the cooperage department, and can now have a closer inspection of the pyramidsof the huge vvino and beer casks which attract attention from distant parta of the court. In the vicinity of theao Btriking exhibits are to be found filtere, churns, paper, and preserved meats. Another step brings the visitor to our mining court, which it may be premised haa been arranged under the directions of Mr. Norman Taylor, of the Mining department. The object which commanda the first atten- tion here ia the huge gilded rhombic dodecahe- dron, which representa the total amount of gold found in Victoria up to the 30th June lust. Belonging as it docs to the cubic ayetcm ita ahnpc ia a novelty, seeing thnt hitherto tho different coloniea have generally adopted the P5 ramidul form for their gold trophiea. Tho amount of gold it represents is 49S,10O,000oz. In front of it and in other parta of tho court the Mining department also exhibita casts of tho largo nuggets found in tho colony, col- lections of rocka, minerals, and fossils, corea of rock from Kingston and Kilcunda as cut by the diamond drills, and specimens of quartz. On the walla are hung geological uinpa of the colony, and othera allowing sec- tions of gold mines. The north-east cornor is devoted to mining models, stamper-boxes, »áfcty-cages, and wire-grating for mines. In tho centre of the compartment stands a number of highly interesting exhibits from trie Melbourno Mint, allowing the varioua processes the gold ia put through in the operation of coining. From tho Mint wo have alao exhibited a cube showing the bulk of £1,000,000 wortli of Btandard gold, and another Buowing the bulk of the 3ame amount of fine gold. Tho hitter ia, of courao, the auialler of the two. Tho same plan has been adopted to ¡Ilústralo the bulk of cortain alnounts of silver and copper. Alongside these are bouio splendid specimens of gold, iron pyrites, and crystals. One case contains a very magnificent specimen of gold crystals, which ia so exquisitely bright und pretty as to appear artificial. In thia locality, too, the Bunk of Australasia shows speci- mens of gold to the vulue of £10,000. Near the top end of the court Sandhurat cornea into prominence, the Beudigo School of Minea having sent a large number of exhibits illus- trative of the importance of their gold-field. A. gilded pyramid allows tho total quantity of gfild round in their district, which up to the eild of 1878 amounted in value to £4-1,000,000. Immediately in front of this aro placed conical cakes repreaentihg each year'a return al Sandhurat from 1851 to the present day. drouped aróund aro'modela of the diggings olid of mining machinery, as nlao a largo variety of mineral apecimenë. ' Sandhurst has also been allotted a space at the end of the ' court, where an' imitation of the aaddlo of ' a Bendigo reef has boen eroutod. ' Real quartz has been filled ' in to form tlie reef, nnd underneath the aaddlo tho different strata aro painted. The drivo and the wholo of the wood work is made of i tlie ordinary rough timber used in the miues. 'I'bese Sandhurst oxhibitB havo boon arranged rind displayed under tho personal supervision of the non- B, Clark, M.L.A. Along the ¡jouth sido' of tho court are mineral collec- tions, lent or given to the Mining dopartmont liy various pereona. First there ia a trophy I ¿f ' Lal Lal lignite, then one of Gipps. Land lignito. Then como spécimens of ; ¿nangnnese ord from Gipps Land, nabfol ' for'the 6'percent, of cobalt! which i it con., taina ; -copper' orea- from . Walhalla and Bethanga-) a'mixed trophy of antimony, thii ind' -lead-tfrom I ? the . i Collingwood f - Smelting YorkspBpedimenB'Of' Cape(Rattorsoni coil ;; exhibits by tho Lol Lal Iron Company of iron in' ita crude state, and manufactured iuto firebricks and castings; antimony oro, &c;, shown by Bright Bros. ; and another very handsome trophy of star antimony ; and then m the corner, and on a line with the Sand- hurst exhibita, stands u pyramid of gold bricks representing the total amount of gold found in tho Cross Reef Com- pany's mines at Stawell. Ballarat is only represented by o fe» models of engines. On the east side of this court will bo found a trophy erected by nofTman'a Patent Steam Brick Company, in the form of o model kiln, ai d a section of a drain pipe. The different stages of brick manufacture are alao here illustrated. Farther on is o salt trophy, dis pliycd by Mr II. Berry, and the spaco between this ia devoted to building atonea and deodorants. Between the mining court or d the wall there ia a long narrow space fo: the display of our agricultural products o Bpace which strikes one at once as being altogether too small for so important an industry. Mr Josioh Mitchell and the com- mittee who havo been supervising this sec- tion have made the most of the space at their command. A double row of cases with glttBa topa bave been erected, and in these ore arranged samples of all the grains and vege- table products sent in. Tho samples, it moy bo explained, were taken from eackfula of the products they represent, and tho bulk of tho exhibits wero immediately tied up and stored underneath tho counters on which tho coses aro placed. On each aamplo havo been placed ticketa which give information as to tho description of tho exhibit, where it was produced, and the exhibitor's name. The bqgs, however, hove only been numbered and aa it is on their contents the jurors will hove to decide, the exhibita will he dealt with on their merita alone. On the caae which runa along the wall, apecimena of grain and coréala in the aheaf, and of graaaea are ahown, and o model wheat atock | made out of tiny aheovea by the students on the experimental farm, As the season wear» on many more exhjhiÉa'willbemade in this department. . ( ' ¡ i ', i i ? The Victorian machinery exhibits occupy the southern end of the , eastern annexe. On entering by the central portico, the visitor's attention is at once, attracted by the powerful locomotive and tender sent down from Bal- larat by the Pheonix Foundry Company, and the two state carriages and heavy freight, engine constructed in the Victorian Railway workshops. The latter are linked together in train, and are fitted up with Woods's automatic break. The exteriors of the carriages are richly embellished with gold, and the interiors are sumptuously, furnished. They can be in- spected by visitors on application being made to the attendant in charge. The Phoenix Foundry Company also exhibit a steam lorry. Passing up the annexe and viewing the ex- hibits along the east wall we observe that Messrs. D. Munro and Co., of Queen-street, show, amongst other things, a stationary engine, with hoisting gear, centrifugal and deep-well pumps, saw frames and benches, and a self-adjusting windmill for pumping water. A saw bench, horseworks, chaff, corn, and tobacco cutters are displayed by Mr. J. Buncle, of North Melbourne. Agri- cultural implements and machinery specially adapted for the colonies, including siugle,. double, and triple furrow ploughs, reapers and binders, threshing machines, strippers, chaff- cutters, rakes, winnowers, mowing machines, &c.;, are exhibited in great variety by Messrs. T. Henderson and Co,, Elizabeth-street north ; T. Robinson and Co., Elizabeth street ; Humble and Nicholson, of Geelong; Swan and Co., Elizabeth-street north ; Mr. R. Bodington, Queensberry-street; Mr. Hugh Lennon, of North Melbourne ; Mr. J. Nichol- son, of Carlton ; Mr. George Munro, of Bal- larat West ; Mr. D. Edwards, Elizabeth- street ; Messrs. Kelly and Preston,, of Balla- rat ; Mr. J. Clark, of Majorca ; Mr. J. Grant, of Melbourne ; Mr. Cockerell, Elizabeth- street north ; Messrs. A. Lugton and Sons, Little Lonsdale street, Messrs. Wright and Edwards show, amongst other things, steam- engines and boilers, and several of the exhi- bitors above mentioned show wool-presses. Some curious machines and knives used in the manufacture of boots are shown by Messrs. H. Wilson and Sons, of Hotham ; artificial hatching apparatus by Mr. A. Joyce, of Maryborough ; double and single purchase ships' winches, blast fans, and a variety of iron castings by Messrs. Drysdale and Fraser, of Melbourne ; locomotive engine, railway carriage, and waggon wheels by the Lang- lands' Foundry Company ; planing, mould- ing, and tongueing and grooving machines by Messrs. Scott and Young, of Melbourne ; and a very fine display of weighing-machines, beams, and steelyards, is made by Messrs. H. Jones and Co. Near the portico the air compressor and air pumping-machine of. Mr. Ford is located. As has been already observed, the space allotted to Victoria in the west nave has been devoted to the finer description of exhibits. Commencing at tho domo wo pass some excellent specimens of dentistry, aud arrive at a richly -con ed and highly-finished hilliard tablo and accessories, deployed by Mesara. Alcock and Co., of Ruascll-atreet. lu tho front rank there is a brilliant display of jewellery, watches, eloeka, and scientific instrumenta. Behind theae will bo found exhibits of mudie , and of musical instruments, costumes, chil- dren's dresses, tweeds, flannels, ond blankets. The handaome caso of Measra. Moubray, Rowan, and Hicks, w ith tho elegiint coatueuM itconlainB,isdeaerviiigof special notice. Cou tinning along the novo wo find cut paper pat- terns, Btuys, and hosiery come next in order, and then, turning towards tho wall, we aro confronted with a number of beautiful exhi- bits by lodicB, in tho form of cocoons and akeina of Bilk, and fancy articlca manufac- tured therefrom. Alongside tho organ will be found the bookbiuding and stationery de- portment and tastefully displayed caaes of pipes, perfumery, and hairdressing, and at the extieme end stands the photographic gal- lery, occupied by Messrs. Lindt and Nettle- ton. NEW SOUTH WALES. In the permanent building New South Wales occupies on intermediate position between India and the United Statea of America, cloae to the orcho3tra, on tho left side facing the organ. Tho entronco to tho centre of the court ia through a handsome archway in dark wood with gold ornamenta- tion and mirror panela Abovo this archway ¡a a largo and very handsome representation of the Royol Arma, prepared under the direc- tion of Mr. James Barnet, the colonial architect. This design ia supported by two BbieldB, representing St. George's Cross, with the (four atara of the Southern Cro3a, and a gold lion in the centre. Immediately fw'ing the entrance is a likeness of Her Majesty Pie Queen, pointed for tho municipal council of tho city of Sydney, by express per- mission of Her MajcBty, from tho picture in Buckingham Palace by Franz Wmter holter. Round two aidea of tho court oro dis- played on a brood counter tho most interest- ing collection of electric telograph instru- ments ever got together in Australia, oxhibited by Mojor Cracknell, suporiiiteiidonl". of telegrapliB, Sydney. The wonderful advanco in this science is most clearly illus- trated by the instruments hore displayed. A curious interest ia connected with the five needle instrument originally used by Sir Charlea Wheatstone in sending mosBages between Slough and London, aa it ia tho first ipstrument ever used in the world for Bonding telegraphic messages. Though only 30 yearB old-for it waa firat naed in 18-U-.it beors a very antiquated appearance compared with the wonderful inventions of modern acionco be- side it From this antiquated machino thoro ia a regular gradation until tho finest inatrurnonts qf tho presont doy ore reached. Çf theäa , WheatBtono'a Autornotic Operator la worthy Of special notice, from the foot that it will Berçd,,thipugli mosaogea, at thp astonjshiⅈ iato of, frotn\2C^1to,l250vv9rd3tper)r9i_ute. d Thojaíeat,. and/to \\\¡p pnbHo'tue moat in.; " tereating instrument in this splendid collec- tion ib Cowper's hand writing telegraph, Which not only transmits the message, but re- produces, on a Bhghtly smoller Beale, the handwriting of the Bender The visitor has thus placed before him m one collection the rapid advance made in electric telegraphy from the firstinstrument ever used for send- ing telegraph messages, to the moat perfect and highly complicated apparatus of the present day Siemens electric light appa ratuB, which stands cloae by, will attract attention from the curions appearance of the concentric ring prisma through which the light is directed The torpedo apparatus, which is shown in connexion with tho tele graphic department, will bo of much interest to engineers and volunteers The centre of tina court ib occupied by a bijou drawing room, elegantly farniahed by Mr James Lawson, whoso exhibit of farm ture gained the first place at the Sydney Ex- hibition Round the walls of the court are two collections of photographs prepared by order of the commisaionera Of theao two large pictures giving a general view of the city and harbour of Sydney, will gain many ndmirers The fine picturea shown by Messrs Hart and Roux, m phototype print- ing, and those in Woodbury typo Bent in by the Government printing department, show that the photographic operators in Sydney are greatly in advance of those m Mel- bourne Mr Thos Richards, the Government printer, in addition to a numerous and in tereating collection of the various modes in which photography ia applied, exhibits Borne handsome specimens of printing and bookbinding Mr Evan Jones Bhows a large case filled with presentation cups and plate, which makes a very effective Bhow On the walls are diaplajed several oil paintings, representing favourite views of the city of Sydney and its neighbourhood The mam court is situated in the central avenue of the annexe, between the Victorian court on the one hand and thoae of Tas mama and Weat Auatralia on the other The whole of the front ia taken np with 8 x ex- hibits, which have been most effectively arranged bo as to give the spectator a pro- found idea of the vaat mineral wealth of the colony. They represent ao many sources of wealth to the country, and they cannot fail to attract and interest every one who aee3 them The first of these exhibits ia a massive pde of smelted bara of copper, from the Cobar Copper Company, Bome of which are broken across to show the character of the metal Round the base of tho pile are specimens of copper ore from various parta of the country, including some handsome pieces of malachite Adjoining the copper ia an ímmenae gilded obelisk, representing the quantity of gold found in the country up to the present year, which an inscription at the base states to be 9 006 GOloz , the estimated value of which ia £33,743,019 In cases sur- rounding the foot of this obelisk are shown Bpecimena of gold bearing quartz from the different gold fields in New South Wales A short distance in the rear of the gilded obelmk ia a smaller obelisk, representing the quantity of silver produced from the New England silver mines This exhibit has a very handaomo appearance Though interest- ing in their way, neither the gold nor the silver obelisks possess the same attraction for the spectators as the pile of copper on the one aide, or the pyramid of ingots of Bmelted tin on the other The two last named arc seen at a glanco to bo genuino solid metal, ana are therefore interesting while the gilded and silvered obehska aro palpable dummiea The pyramid of ingots of tin from the minea of Now South Walea, ex- hibited by the department of Minea, is an ex- tremely attractive exhibit Round the eidoa of the pyramid are hung chains formed by bending small bars of the metal into the form of a double hook Some of these small bars hove been rolled into bright silvery ribbons at the Sydney Mint, and the pyramid ia wreathed with these ribbons Specimens of the ore from all parts of the country aro shown in b'ocka round the base, and in glass caaes close by are some vory rich specimens of Stream tin In the centre of the front is the entrance to the court through a handsome portico, of asimilar character to that forming the entrance to the New South Walea court in the permanent building On the further aide of this archway ia a well arranged ex- hibit of keroseno shale and specimens of the oil obtained therefrom, from the Austra- lian Keroseno and Mineral Company, Joadja Creek, Adjoining thia ia a trophy, consisting of pig iron piled tranaveraely, with bar and railway iron, stamper heada, and iron pipes, from the Eskdale Iron Works Company, Lithgow. The sixth exhibit in the front line is a grand pile of kerosene shale and oil, from the Hartley Shale and Oil Company. This l8 surmounted with a uno block of boghead mineral, Bhowing the depth of tho Beam, which ib 4ft Sin This Bhalo yiolda 100 gallons of crude oil, or 18,000 cubic feet of gas, to the ton In addition to tho minerals named there is a splendid show of coal from the famous mines of New South Wales, the most interesting of which are nine sections Bhowing the actual thickness of the seams from which they were cut out, varying from Gft to lift The fine display of minerals in- cludes n largo number of ores of copper, tin, iron, antimony, with thoae metalB in the re fined state, also lead ail ver, and biamuth orea, gold in quartz, aabestos, gema, and various other minerals of moroor leas economicimport ance, all of which havebcen arranged underthe direction of Mr C S Wilkinson, T G S , Government geologist The department of Mines, Sydney, has sent a number of geologi- cal and mining maps, the most important of which ia the geological map of New South Walea, conatructed from tue original map by the late Rev W B Clarke Thia is the firat time thia map has been exhibited On entering the court by the central portico, the Btand supporting the handaomo specimen of the platycenum alsacorne, called the small Stag horn fern, from Illawarra, which is Bur mounted by a fine spocimon of tho great bird's neBt fern, at once attracts attention On the left hand l8 n largo glass case, con- taining Btuffed specimens of the food fishes of Port Jackson and the adjoining coast This handsome and interesting collection was mado at the Australian Museum, at tho re quest of the Now South Wales Government The moat noticeable specimens are a Jew fish(Bciona antárctica), which ia 4ft Gin long, and when olive weighed about 101b , a large rockftsh (a speciea of coasvphua), an immense flathead, a black rock cod, and some immenso eela Thoro are also speci- mens of the Murray cod from Lake George, where it haB been introduced It thrives well in ita new quartera, and becomoa im- mensely fat Tbeae specimens have been admirably mounted by Mr John A Thorpe There are also 300 specimens offish preserved in BpiritB, with photographs taken from the finest live specimens This interesting ex- hibit has been carefully arranged under the supervision of Mr E P Ramsay, T L S , curator of the Australian Muaeum, Sydney. Thia department nlao exhibits Bomo very handsome Btuffed specimens of Australian paradme birda, bower hirda, thruBhea, and two varieties of h re birda, with nest and eggs The centre of the court is occupied by a tastefully constructed wino arbour, the sides and roof of which aro thickly Btudded with bottles representing the fine wines of tho Country. There aro 20 vinoyarda reproaonted in this collection for natural blended and not blended winea, while three vineyards Bhow fortified and hnueur wines The arbour ia lined Bo as to represent a tent, and from ita position it effectually masks the ugly drop in the roof at this part of the annexe Not the least interesting of the natural pro- ducts of Nev South Wales is the splendid collection of timber which occupies the right Side of the court. The wood is shown in the tough and polished, some of the speci- mens present a very handsome grain, and have all the appearance of being well fitted for making furniture. Oi the durability of some of these woods, and their power to withstand the effect of water, some ex cellent illustrations aro given A portion of a pile of turpentine wood ia shown, which baa been for nine ycarB immersed in aea water The section Bhows that it ib aa sound as the day it was firat put in the water, the teredo navalts not having made the leaat impreBBion on it One side of this pile haa been polished, and Bhows a very handsome grain Another specimen ia that of an iron bark pile, which haa been exposed to the action of the air and aea water for l8 yetra in Darling Harbour Thia specimen is pierced m several directions by the teiedo, but the bores aro far apart, and there ib good sub Btance of sound wood left Another pile of white iron bark, which has been in damp ground for C5 years, still remains perfectly sound Of the manufactured gooda m this court, the moBt attractive ia undoubtedly that of Measrs Alderaon and Sons, which conaista of almoat ev cry posaible description of leather gooda into which the skins of our domestic anímala can be manufactured Apart from their mtrinaic worth, the exhibita of Messrs Alderson and Sons aro doublj interesting to Victorians aa Bhowing what can be done by Auatralmn skill and enterprise m competition with tho world, for it must be horne m mind tint tho manu factures of New South Wales have not been forced into exiatenco by protection, but are the natural growth of the country ThiB firm haa been established for many j ears, and bo early as 1851 they were awarded a medal at the great Exhibition in London They also received a silver medal at Pans for patent and enamelled leathers The factor} ia situated at the Grange, Surrey hills, near Sydney, where the raw hides taken in at the gates ore transformed into the numerous and admirable specimens of colonial workmanship which tney now exhimt The sole, wax, kip, harness, stirrup, mill belt, lacing, and other leathers of a similar kind, aro all of excellent quality, and for the heavier kinds the firm have taken many pnzea One case containa a hondeóme device in roana, morocco book binders' leathers, bright and dull grain, in all colours, all of winch are manufactured by the firm from colonial akins Close to tins is a case of harness containing a set of silver mounted cornago harnesa of excellent w ork manship , a Bet of pair horse light buggy harnesa of the very beat manufacture and de sign, also, ladies', hunting, racing and bushmenB saddles Another case contains specimena of the boots turned out at the factory, of which some of the workmen s boots aro sold as low as 5a 3d per pair The whole of the leather UBed in thia large exhibit, from the beautifully fine buggy harneaa and racing Baddies to the cheap workmen s boots, belt leather, and buahmens aaddlea.ia manu factured by the firm, and made up at their factor], in open competition with the world Another interesting exhibit of the manu factures of New South Wales is ahown in the handsome glues case containing sugar in all ita forms, from the raw stato to the finest crushed lump, Bhown in glass jars, exhibited by the Colonial Sugar Refining Company The case also contains several specimens of light, pale, and dark rum These products are manufactured by the company from cane grown on the Clarence River, N S W Mesara W H. Chard and Co , woolbrokera, Sydney, exhibit a handsome case in black and gold, contai ">g about 300 samples of v ool, Bhown in two compartments In the upper compartment are sompleB of wool from New South Wales clips The names of the growers are not given, but the estimated value of each Baraple ib marked on the card accompanying the lot This wool is well dis played in a pyramid form, and the visitor baa an excellent opportunity of judging of its character Now South Walea haa such a wide extent of country and difference of climate that it would be very interesting to know the districts from which each sample ia obtained On one side are shown aamples of washed fleece, nearly all of combing merino wool On the opposite Bide are merino wools in the grease At one end are scoured wools, and at the other BampleB of fellmongered wool. The second compartment ib below the wool from New South Wales, and containB samples from most of the wool producing conntnea in the world 'I ho wool ia shown in a small area, and it Bullera from being brought into contact with the glaaa covering Spain is represented by two samples of mountain wool, one black, the other white, both of low quality and value Portugal is represented by two samples of long Btapled and very inferior wool The Cape of Good Hope contributes three samples of medium quality The River Plate, which ia becoming one of the greatcat sheep breed- ing countries m tho world, ia repreaented by four samples of indifferent character Damas eua has three samples, Greeece one, Turkey three, and Smyrna two aamplea, all of very low quality, tho higheBt value being lOJd per lb for washed wool from tho last-named country There aro seven Bamplos of Egyptian woola of white, black, fawn, and grey coloura The valuea range from 4Jd per lb up to 11 ^d per lb East India is repreaented by 10 BampleB of inferior coarse-haired wool, the pricea range from 3d per Ib to ll_d per lb Morocco, which undoubtedly poa sesees Bheep bearing good wool of merino character, ia repreaented by four Bamplea of verj inferior low closa wool The Russian wools are represented by two samples of long wool of low type Peru, Lima, and Chili aro represented by some very poor aamplea of low claea wool. The other Auatrahan colo mea do not show well, owing to the samples being too closely confined Taamama haa three Bamplea of ordinary merino wool Thore are five aamplea from New Zealand, including some excellent Cotswold wool Swan River haa one sample South Australia is repre sented by three samples, which are not ob good as thej should bo Victoria has 23 samples, most of them from Geelong The highest price of this wool is marked at 3s Dd per lb for super hoggets Besides the wools there aro two samples of mohair, one from Turkey and one from Asia Minor, also two alpacaa and one vicuna The Peel River Company snow a small caso containing specimena of their merino fleecea in the greaae arranged so aa to show the quality of the wool At the rear of the court is placed the medal stamping press, exhibited by Mr. Lvan JoneB, of Sjdney This preBa will bo uaed during tho Exhibition for stamping com- memoration medals of various sizes 