PERTH. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT) A capital entertainment was given last evening in the Temperance Hall, in aid of the funds of the Perth Mutual Im- provement Society l owing to the incle- mency of the weather the attendance was not so good as could have been desired, considered the object for which the entertainment was given, added to this, the young men of Perth, for whose benefit the above society has been formed, were conspicuous by their absence, not more than a dozen being present, but then the rain during the day had caused the streets to become very and dirty, and of course young men, could not venture out under such circumstances, though the object were ever so good for their own benefit. Never mind young men, allow me to inform you that you missed a treat by staying away ; as we consider that this was one of the best entertain- ments that has been given here for some time. But to proceed to the programme. The first piece was an instrumental duet by Mr and Miss Bryan, "Lord of Lorn Gallop" very well rendered. After this the chairman (Rev. D. Galer) made a few remarks, in which he eulogised the energy and perseverance of the secretary (Mr. S. East), especially in the matter of soliciting subscriptions either of money or money's worth, in the shape of door locks, room paper, &., &c.;, to fur- nish the rooms in use for the society. Mr Darling then sang the " Par's Fare-well," and being in good voice did ample justice to this pleasing song. The next was a song (in character) "The Broken Down Brigade," by Master Spots- wood. After this Miss Pyke sang "The wishing gate," and received considerable applause. A dance by Mr Hadfield "Sailor's hornpipe," was well received, and an encore demanded, to which Mr. Hadfield replied with a few more stops. Mrs Lord and Mr O. G. Douglas then sang "The Danube River" after which Mr Hadfield sang a most amusing song, "Jonathan Joseph," the chorus causing considerable merriment, the wonder being no doubt how he could get about with much a string of names clinging to him. This was encored, and another verse sung. Song " She's so sweet," by Mr Spots- wood, in character, wanted some accom- paniment to liven it up. The first part closed with a vocal duet by Mr and Miss G. Bryan, "To the woods," very nicely performed and loudly applauded. After an interval of five minutes the second part was opened with a pianoforte duet, "Rhienfell," by Mr and Miss E. G. Bryan. Then Mr Hadfield sang " Tim Flaherty in character, looking all over a " broth of a boy," finishing eas verse with a lively step dance for which he re- ceived an encore. "The Bosun's Ghost," style, and caused much laughter. Miss Pyke sand "Milly's lamb" verse nicely. " Won't you buy my pretty flowers" was well sun by Miss G. Brymn. Mrs Lord, Mr Bryan, and Mr Darby assisting in the chorus. Mr Hadfield sang "Babies on our block," and in answer to an encore repeated the last two verses. The last number was a "Stump s' perance" by Mr F. Spot the local hits being very Save the Queen" by the cluded this pleasant even ment, and every one seem satisfied with their shillings worth. August 20, 1880. 