DEPARTURE OF THl BISHOP oF MAITLAND PRESENTATIONS TO HIS LORDSHIP. TeIE approaching departure for Europe of the Ridght Rev. Dr. MIurray, R. C. Bishop of Meait land, was yesterday mado the occasion of an importan tgatheringof the lergyandlaityof the. Roman Catholic Presbytery, Newcastle, when addresses and a valuable tcstimonial of appro elation were prosoeitedto the rev. go?tleman. In addition to lay representatives from the various congregations, including several gentle men from various denominations, about fifteen of the clergy were preseist. The following address from the Catholie Clergy was read by Father-English, President of the Maitland College, and Vicar-General of the Diocese:- "To the Right Reverend James Iunrray, D.D., Bishop of Maitland. "lMay it please your Lordship,-It is with feelings of the sincerest sorrow that we ap proach your Lordship to express our regret at your departure from amongst us. With grave anxiety we have long since regardedyourLord ship's declining health, and your leaving at this time is felt the more keenly by us, as it hIs been necessitated by your Lordshipi's illness. We are, however, bnoyed up with the hope that the change you are obliged to take will restore you soon to yonr wonted vigour. "Indeed, when we consider your Lordship's great labours in diffusing the blessiegs of our holy religion through your vast diocese, your long journoyings, the rugged comuntry you often had to pass through in heat and rain, and the indifferent acconmmnoda tions obtainable, we are not surprised at your present severe indisposition. But while sympathising withl you in your ill health, and deeply feeling your Lordship's temporary ab sonce, still we rejoice in the ]happy and prospoer ous condition you leave us. In the various missions, we see commnodious clhurchs, ex collent schools, extensive church property all bearing uniquestionable testimony to your Lordship's zeal, ability, and prudence. It would indeed, appear that your Lordship had foreseen the diflicult times with which we are throeateoned, and had in your wisdom. provided for the worst, knowing thlt the welfare of the diocese will over be the subject of your anxious thoughts. We are co nfident tht a your sojourn in the "Old Laced," will not oiily be beneifi cial to you personally, but will lilkowise be of immense advantage in the interest of educa tion a cause so dear to your heart; and we look forward with eagornless to 'tlhe time when your Lordslp' will reoturn at thio head of ai numerous and oflicient.staff of teachdrs, who will not onlygimpart.the knowledge necessary for this life, but will gio, .that information, without hivich man knowsv not his destiny, nor the i~ins t attoil it.: . f'Rospeotfully esqusiteng ?the yourLord:' ship wel"l?bh , anouge to aepopt tihe acebompainyng t?otmoenl as a slighkt token of our' :deep venoration, hunibly asking your blessing, and- foervantly wishing yiou happy voyago and a speedy return to your flo'k; we are,! ote:, Taos., ExeNuru, PArTiox HAND, JAMES IRYAN.? . Accompanying the address a tostimoniil sas handed to his. Lorship amoulntig. to aibout £f00.' lIis : Lordshlpfi iiee feoliung toerms aoknowlddregd tlie $ift and, tihefeelsngs prompt ing its ,orignation. ., Ho:thicekd, theom most inceuorly for their symipatheti aeiid lbeoiuilifiil address.' Those :c.ncst ivbrds regrget he would ever treasure up as a token of that kindly r2.ation that is existing between them. They were good enough to express a hope that he might again be restore-d to his wonted vigour, and ho: assured them that no one wished this happy issue more than hitnself, for it was his greaot ambition and desire to bolvith them in their labours, and assist as far as he could in the good works in which all wore on gaged. Theyhad referred to his labours and privations and long journeyings in visitatioins throughout his dioceseo;. but the allusion to tlhose filled him with confusion, when he con sidered what they thosehalves had eontinualli to endure, and weat risks and fatigues they had to undergo in the cause of tlheir holy re ligion. He could not but feela similar emotion when they alluled to the prosperous condition of the diocese, for indeed to their zealous labouirs, under his guidance, these results had happily bedn achieved. Their suggestions as to the m~ans of providling for tile troubled times in the future, he heartily agreed with, and trusted with God's grace to bring out with him on his return a large staff of ofeicient teachers, nuns, and religious brothers, to meet the wants of our people, and to impart to the children of this colony a sound, secular, and religious education. He would crave tlheir indulgence for his short reply to their beautiful address, but would be permitted to express his deepest gratitude for theim address and munificieut testimonial, for their kind words of sympathy.; and, in conclusion, trusted, with God's help, that in ashort time le might again have tile pleasure of seeing thea all well and happy. Believe him he would always remember their kindness and altfection, and whenever lie offered the Holy Sacrifice they would be always remembered. A deputation of the Catholic laity of Maitland and its surrounding districts within the diocese, consisting of about fliteen representa tives, introduced by MIr. Robert Hynds, J.P., presented the following address to hIis Lord ship, accompanying it being a cheque for £500. This sum, it was inderstood, was not the total sum subscribed, a considerable amount more having been promised but not yet collected. The address was as follows : " Address to the Right Rev. Dr. Murray?, Lord Bishop of IMaitland." ' My Lord,-Wo, your lordship's loyal and affectionate chlildren in Christ, on the eve of youir departure and temporary absence from tbohe diocese, over whlich you hlave ruled during the past fourteecn years, desire to express our sympathy withl.you in your illness, and our sincere regret that you are obliged to leave us for e time. Our earnest hope and prayer is that your lordlship will be soon restored to us in perfect health and strengtle, so thlat you may .bo enabled by the grace and assistances of our good God to earcy on the glorious work of salvation to which you have been called by tee Holy Ghost. "In recalling the years which have passed by since your lordship's first arrival in the diocese, we are forcibly impressed with one prominent feature of your mission amongst us. It seems to us if your lordship will permit us to say so, that the chief work to which you have devoted your life, has been the Christian education of the young. We cannot forgeot the great personal sacrifices which you hlave mades" in order that the little ones of your flock might be eai'fully trained in the fear and love of God. Your first act, we may say, was to introduce into your diocese those accomplished and devoted sisters of the great order of St. Dominic, whose successfullabours in the cause of higher class education are so well known and appre ciated throughout the colory. In later years, the good Sisters of Morcyarrevcd amongst us, a:nd enabhled your Lordship to oextendthe bless ings of Cathlolic education of a high order to tihe count:y districts. We have had the assu rance from your own lips at a memorable meeting receantly hleldin the city of Maitland, that it is your intention to still further provide for the education of the rising generation by tlhe introluction of good religious teachers, so that ybur whole flock, if possible, maybe tended, sc:attered, thoughl it may be, thlroughout a vast diocese. "We are deeply grateful for all that your Lordshlip has so quietly and enosteutatiously done for us, and especially do we take this opporteunity of showing our appreciation of the combined efforts of yourself and the otler Catleolic Bishops of the colony "o secure for us ecquality with our fellow-colonistsin freedom of education. Although our constitutional rights, for the present, would seem to be ignored, yet we have full confidence in the justice arid goodwill of those who are opposed to us, that they will not suffer us long toremainunder the yoke of what we consider to be injustice and oppresseon. " Wisling your Lordshlip a speedy aod pros porous voyage to Rome, the great centre of unity,, naed also to Ireland, the. land of your birth, and a safe return toyourdevroted people, and upon whom we invoke your special bless ing, we are, my Lord, your Lordshlip's dutiful and affectionate children, Signed on behalf of the Catholics of Mait land and surrounding districts, "P. O'KIEEFE, JAs. M'LAuoGsLIN, PATRICK BOUcrKE, and 10 others." Yesterday evening a large deputation of the leading Roman Catholics of trowoastle and the ourroudinog districts met at the Presbytery, for the purpose of presenting to the Bishop a valedictory address, and a purse containing upwards of oighty sovereigns: His WVorship the Mayor (Mr. S. Chapman), on behalf of the subscribers, read the address, and formnally made the presentation. The address was as follows : "To the Right Rev. James Murray, D.D., ".' Bishop of MIaitland. " lMay it ploeso your Lordsbip,-We, the Catholics of Newcastle, on the eve of your de parturo for Europe, beg leave most respectfully td oexpross to your Lordship,our heartfelt sor row at learning, that ill-lihealth causes your hasty departure from amongst us. "We thank God that the results of your plastoral guidance of this portion of your diocese has been attended with such frriitful results. " The noble edifices that have sprang up in this city and district,, under your Lordship's fostoring care, remain examples of your zeal, and emblems of the holy religion it is our privilege to be attached to. "We feeool the parting on this occasion more keeoonly on account of tie measures your Lord ship has oever taken, snluce your arrival amongst us, to secure for our children Catholic educa tion, and we cannot disguise from ourselves tihe fears we entertain that, while absent from us, we shall suffer the loss of your wise comn sols in the protection of what is so dear to us, as well as that lwhich you so ardently laboured for,-tle religious education of our chlildren. " Forvoetly praying that God, in his bounti ful morcey, ill renew your Lordship's health and strength, to admit of your speedy return to your faithful flock, and humbly soliciting your Lordshlip's blessing, we are, "TaIm. SULLIVAN, "SAMIUEL 0CIIAPfAN, "E. O'GALLAGOHERE "GEORGE TULLY, "EDWD. J. OCLEARYI , "JoHN R uNDs, "PATr. J. FoeARTY, "JOHN BOURKEn "J. J. MiAsoN, "On behalf of the Catholics of Newcastle." His LoansacP feelingly acknowledged the gift, He hoped le would be allowed to thank them for the very beautiful address, and for the anccoupanying testimeonial, for which be boeged to return his deep gratitude. In the address reference had beeoon made to the work performned in the city of Newcastle, and dis trico, during the past six or seven yesars in wvliclhhle had lhad the adeministration of it. No doubt a great deal had bolee done; yet he could not claimn very meiuch credit to himself. All such tioegs required a very large sumn of money, wleich le did not posssess ; and it was only duo to tIhe zneal of tie Catlolics of Newcastle in raising the necessary meounits thlat so menleh progress had booen broughlt about. In saying this, he could not but r-for to the indefatigable energy and attention of their esteemed pastor, Father James tfyan. As to himself, of course, as a Bishoe, lie must needs be eanxious to eiforce the religious education of hlis floeck, and such had beeoon his particular care with regard to Noewestle. As arosult of the oefforts put forth, Schools had, driing his a-ministration, booh established at Newcastle, Hamilton, and a~lso atBurwood, and iany other werks had also b oon bi-oughlttoan issu to secure the same desir 'able enbud. In tie present ago, when so many offorts were being made to w?ithdraw the rising generation from the influence of the church axed the influactnhe of the Catholic priesthood, it behloved them to work witl far greater zeal thianothorwise. During the time mentioned, thoy had boon able to'accomplish a great deal, and, vith God's blessing; in years tb come, they woulil 'Jaccomplish more; The address gave oxpressoih to a fear that during' his absence they 1would" suffer as cn gards" Catholic education. He had one ooisolatioi"ii paLtting I with them joust now, viz., thai he was porfi satisfied that all w~rks at preseint going c the dioceso wonld still go on as well undcr; guidance of tho clergy, and as to the 1 clhurch, he hied every confidence in Fa', Ryan that religions wok wevouldl'prosper iii hands, and .thlat le wold labour even ;: more zeal for the well-being of his church religion; and tlhat he was well able to lab ofliciently towardd mneeting the edcnatuii requirementd of tllheir chlildren. (Hear. hie He did not;'know that anything furtlhr, mained for him to say, save to again eCxpi the sorrow he felt at partiig, even thoui: only for a time. He had mianaged the aff: .of..the bishopric, is lie ]haind mentionedl, , some six or eevcn yhars, and on each snccessive visit to Newcastle had always been struck on witnessing the grea improvenients going on in ecclesiastical mattbrs, and otherwvise. He trusted that God,in hismercy, wouldrestore him to health, and ren w that skrength so neces sary in this countky to carry out works -of religion. They milit believe him, there was no bishop who wounil return to his flock with greater pleasure th n himself. Without de siring to say much about hilmseolf, his heart was in his work, and shonld Providence permnit it, he would returnand exeort his utmost influence in continuing the good works begun. He again returned his shincere thanks, and the gathering was brought to a close by the pro nonncing of a benediction. His Ldrdship left for Sydney last night, ac companied to the stelemer by alarge number of friends and the Catholic community. He will, we understand, visit Rome during his tour throughout Europe, and will be accom panied by the Rev. Father Patrick O'KOeefe, of Newcastle. Father O'Keofo, it will be remembered, came to this colony with his Lordship seven years ago. Since then he has been actively engaged in mis sionary duties; the first two years at Mnrrnraundi; then hle was stationed at New castle; and after twd years' arduous work on this mission, he was dppointed parish priest of Lambton, where he remained for an interval of two years, when the departure of thie Rev. M. H. Ryan, from Newcastle, requiured his labours to be again sought for in this city mission. In the exercise of his duties hlie has endeared him self to'many of his coireligionists, earning the reputation of being a kind-hearted, earnesb and energetic churbhman, respected not only by those ofI his own flock, but by a large section of othemr denominations who have came in pe'sonal intercourse with him. His health has 'been failing during the last twelve months;' and hence the oppor tunity of giving him; a respite from active service presented, for his taking a trip homo withi Dr. Muiray. Ft.lhor O'Keofe remains in town to-day, but' leaves by to-night's steamer to join the Bishop at Sydney. 