MR. GLADSTONE. The illness and convalescence of Mr. Gladstone form an episode in the history of the year that borders on the romantic. By the abrupt suspension of his enercretic labours a shock was given to public confi dence which proved how entirely the nation has entrusted itself to his guidance. The peril in which his life was placod seemed to endanger interests of tho greatest magnitude, and for a time the gravest apprehensions were indulged. Ample evidence of the hold he possesses on the hearts of the people was afforded by the intense solicitude everywhere mani fested and by the spontaneous outburst of sympathy that was evoked. Finally his unique cruise in search of renewed vigour, which included Great Britain in its circuit, lent a touch of romance to the whole incident. Since the time when the Prince of Wales lay 'on the borderland between life and death, no illness has so profoundly affected English people gene rally, and the coucern was almost as great on the Continent of Europe and in other parts of the world. In many instances this anxiety had no doubt a strongly political character. Apart from any consideration of a per sonal character, tho policy Mr. Gladstone represents is ono that very strongly bears the marks of his in dividuality, and thus his life has a special political value. Hundreds of thousands who have never either seen or heard the Prime Minister of England recognise in him the able director of its Liberal spirit, and look to him as their best hopo that its manifold influence will be wisely employed in the true interests of humanity. The present Eastern policy of the British Empire is more directly the product of his mind than of any other. It is profoundly influencing the course of events, and leads the van of the Euro pean movement. Hence the withdrawal of its originator from the councils of the nation even for a brief period was felt to be a calamity, and the prospect of his removal altogether could not be con templated without a feeling of alarm. In the sentiments which Mr. Gladstone's illness elicited there is distinctly observ able a proof that since his return to office he has retained the confidence which restored him to power. Notwithstanding all the criticism to which he has been exposed, the difficulties he has had to encounter, the opposition he has met with, and tho disappointment he is said to have occasioned to some of his supporters, it is perfectly clear the conviction has not we&kened; that the honour and welfare of England are safe in his hands. His illness furnished a test of the popularity of his policy as well as of himself, and the response is all that could be desired. Besides the concern 'Bhown for Mr. Gladstone as an ablo Premier, it is very noticeable that he possesses in an eminent degree the kind of affection and respect which can only be won by worthiness of personal character. Mingling with con fidence in the statesman genuine attach ment to the man is evident in the feeling cherished towards him by the majority of English people. The Anglo-Saxon character is not particularly emotional. As a race we do not ' gush' about our great men except on rare occasions. Even those who stand highest in public esteem commonly have to endure a large amount of what is somotimes regarded as the Englishman's peculiar privilege. There is ordinarily a greater tendency to grumble at than to jjlorify public men who hold positions of responsibility and honour. For this reason the diBiinot personal rtgard shown to Mr. Gladstone is a tribute of extra ordinary value. It comes from all cloaso), from the Queen herself to the .humblest of her subjects. What renders it all the more worthy of remark is the un doubted fact that Mr. Gladstone has never laid himself out to obtain it. At no period of his history has he been a popularity-hunter. On many occasions it has been his lot to bo on the unpopular side of burning questions, and at such times his demeanour has always been of the most frank and courageous character. All along his career the fiery vehemence of his nature has impelled him to take vigorous action whenever duty called him, and his conscientiousness has bound him to do battle for what be con ceived to be the right. Accordingly he has at various times aroused against him eelf personally as bitter and intense anti pathy. Indeed, it would be difficult to find another man of mark upon whom so much of denunciation has been lavished by political opponents, or who has been so fervently dreaded by his foes. There is yet another cause that might have been expected to militate against him. The members of his own party have not at all times trusted and sympathized with him. The impetuosity of his nature, the inten sity of bis emotional fervour, and the sway of his impulse have undoubtedly sometimes generated a degree of distrust that has interfered with their entire cordiality. I' j spite of all this, however, the evident sincerity of regret when the hand of sickness was laid upon him, which all parties mani fested, proved that under such circum stances both antipathy and distrust were - forgotten, and revealed the deep sub stratum of hearty esteem. The Queen respects him as an able, if not always a welcome, Councillor ; the Honse of Commons reveres him as its most brilliant orator and its brightest ornament; and the nation trusts him as the purest, most sincere, and most genuine statesman of the time. Mr. Gladstone's cruice was in some respects a prolonged ovation. Starting from GraveBend in tho Gruntully Ca«t]e; round by the south coaat of 'England, touching at the capital of Ireland, then on between the Hebrides and the mainland, round Cape Wrath, and so, after catching sight of the Orkneys, southwards to the Btarting-point, 'wherever there was a chance demonstra tions of affection and respect abounded. Actingunder medical advice, Mr. Gladstone refrained from these excitements whenever he could ; but it was not possible to do so In all cases, and the numberless tokens of good-will that were spontaneously elicited when his presence was recognised moat have greatly touched and cheered him. At Dublin he was greeted as the friend of Ireland; at Greenock crowds on the passing steamers cheered with all their might as soon as bis well-known features were perceived. Leith, of course, being in his own constituency, displayed the utmost en thusiasm ; and similar interest was mani fested in multitudes of other places, many of which had to forego the anticipated pleasure of a visit We have spoken of Mr. Gladstone's voyage as unique. Qther Toyageura have circumnavigated the British Isles, but the Grantully Castle is a magnificent steamship of 3,600 ton3 burden, and no such vessel had ever before attempted the navigation she uadeztook among the thousand islands of the western sea. Mr. Gladstone's rest was of a characteristic kind. Much of the voyage he was receiving telegrams, writing despatches, and conducting a voluminous correspondence by such opportunities as conld be found. He had to prepare the Speech from the Throne, and occasionally to address eager crowds on the questions of the day. Probably what would kill almost any other man 13 absolute relaxa tion to his wonderful constitution. When the voyage came to an end, and the Premier, strong, hearty, and sunburnt, walked into the House of Commons on the day before the prorogation, every one felt thankful that the experiment had proved a success, and the cheers of the members were a true expression of the satisfaction felt throughout all England. The Cotjstby North-East of Eucla. — A report by Mr. J. W. Jones on the country to the north-east of Euclahas recently been laid before Parliament. The object of the examination of this por tion of South Australia was to select a site for the first trial-borings for water, and also to complete the examination of the Nullabor Plain. The whole of this vast tract of country has been thoroughly explored, and the result is on the whole far from unfavourable. It is stated that the Burmises which have hitherto been formed as to the condition of this vast tract— that the soil was unsuited to cultivation of any kind, and that there was a great dearth of water— have not been borne out on careful examination. As regards the water supply it has been found that so far from there being a gradually decreasing rainfall inland, as has hitherto been, believed, the rainfall h.13 been much larger than on the coast This is shown by the condition of the herbage on various parta of the plain, but particu larly on the northern side. It is stated that some parts of the country were rather dry, but, on the whole, there was evidence of considerable local Bhowers. The impres Bion of the surveyor deputed to explore this country is that on the north side of the plain there is a general rainfall, almost, if not quite, as great a3 that on the seaboard, and that ' in most years the whole of the plain shares in a rainfall sufficient to keep the salt, cotton, and other good bushes in fair growth.' The soil is of such a nature that a little moisture is sufficient to keep these bashes growing well, and to ensure a good growth of succulent herbage. The average rainfall at Eucla is stated to be 10-628 inches for the past four yeara, which period includes the particularly dry season experienced in 1878\. If the rainfall for that year is left out of consideration, the average reaches 12*046 inches. As regards the nature of the shrabs and herbage found upon the land, the report states that in some parte of the country thegrowth is of little value, but that 'for the most part there is a thick growth of good sheep-bushes, such a3 salt and cotton bush, which uniformly cover the ground.' In various part3 of the country a 'considerable extent of very good green herbage was met with, and generally on the north side the herbage and graas were very luxuriant.' At the some time Mr. Jones expresses the opinion that in most parts there is not very much grass. On the whole, how ever, the entire area of the country examined is said to be more or less adapted for sheep, provided a permanent supply of water can be obtained. There is unfortunately no soil sufficiently reten tive for dams, and hence this method of storing water cannot be resorted to. Mr. Jones i3 apparently somewhat doubtful whether a proper supply of water can be obtained by boring on the Nullabor Plain. He says : — 'As to the prospect of obtaining water on the artesian prin ciple of boring below the upper water, I think it is difficult to judge with any certainty, and nothing less than boring will satisfactorily solve the doubt' Thi3 is the question which has yet to be de cided, and to judge from the report as to the condition of the country it is well worth making the attempt. As yet we have received no reports as to the success of the experiments that have been made. The Commissioner of Crown Lands stated, in reply to a question in Parliament yesterday, that a well had been sunk, and that when the men had got to a certain depth the diamond drill would be employed. The Oanorr Stkambb Aconcagua.— The fol lowing are the passengers booked to leave to day: by the ??-. Aconcagua : — Captain and Sirs. Manning, family (5), and two servants, in the saloon; Mr. H. Ores well, second clan; and 10 in the third class and steerage. The departure of the vewel baa been postponed till 6 pjo, in consequence of the large quantity of cargo that has to be shiDped. ?Wkisckaob,Socth-EjutOoast. — Mr.ELCowie (Manager of the Commercial Marine Insurance Company) has received the following telegram from Mr. B. J. Stuart, dated Beacbport, October 31: — 'Figurehead, lion rampant, open jaws, partly buried. Ten feet long, been painted white. Bine band round chest, with three gflt stars and half moon under, few barnacles on it. Six miles down. Will see it and report further if you wish. May wash away. No other wreckage seen.' Tea R.fcLS. Silk.— The B.M.S. Slam, front Glenelg, arrived at Albany at 1 a,m. oa Friday. Gift of Works of Art to South Australia. —By reference to the Victorian telegrams tbii morning it will be seen that Professor Rouleaux, the German Commissioner at the Melbourne Exhibition, yesterday made several very valuable presents to the colonies on behalf of the Ministries of Public Instruction of Bavaria and Prussia. The gift to this colony is a very handsome one, comprising casts of the Barberini Fawn and 'Tha Adoraut,' also s bronze cast. Mr. Rowland Rees, M.P., in well-chosen words returned thanks on behalf of this colony. The fact that it has thus fallen to the lot of a member of another nationality to ofier the first donation to the South Australian Art Gallery will probably stimulate many of oar own colonists to follow the admirable example set by Professor fiouleaox. Sukbexdbb of ' Srrrnra Butt.' — The noted Chief of the Sioux Indians, ** Sitting Ball,' who has for a long time past been the occasion, of much trouble to f he American Government, and against whom they nave more than once been compelled to send forth their troops, has at last surrendered. Teh Loss of teb Barge at tkb Soeata.— In regard to the latest mishap at Cape Jervis, we are given to understand that Captain Fowler gave the order for the steamer Albatross to return to the Port while the Government barge was alongside the stranded steamer. The weather at the time was fine, scarcely a puff o£ ' wind blowing, but there were ominous indi- i cations of an approaching storm, which came oa ; three hours after the Albatross had left. It is, ; however, doubtful whether the steamer could , have prevented the accident if she had been there, from the fact that during the moderate ! weather in which the barge was towed i down the Albatross was severely tested j to keep her under command, owing to her ; steering badly. Captain Fowler entertains no | donbt of being able to raise the barge, bat the : casualty will prevent the effort being ms.de as ; arranged for to float the Sorata at this spring- , tide. The project of building a false bottom on : the steamship with Scoring boards has been - abandoned, bat not until after a quantity of I timber bad been purchased for the purpose. It ? is now to be carried ont by means of several tiers of bags of clay, placed npon a canvas covering of the rents of the ship's bottom. To secure the tiers, stanchions will be in serted from the roof of the lower decks to the bags. The rents appear from the diver's statement to be on the port side of the ship only, and comprise two openings of about fourteen leet and eleven feet long bat less than a foot wide. There is no deviation observable in the ship's lines, and as an effect of the submarine operations of the divers & greater command is already obtained over the water in the hold. The conviction is held that that part of the bottom underneath the engines is unrent. Under these circumstance the officers work at the Sorata with confidence in the feasibility of raising her. Pboubkadb Cokcbbt.— A promenade concert in connection with the South Australian Sunday-school Union was held in the Town Hall on Friday evening, October 22. There was a very poor attendance, owing, no doubt, to the unsettled state of the weather. The pro gramme, which consisted of high-class. mosic, embraced selections from ' U Trovatore' and 'Montana,' and several marches were played on the organ by Mr. James Shakespeare. In addition to these several lady sad gentleman amateurs sang a number of choruses, which evoked considerable applause. Mr. W. B. Chinner was unable to take part in the coo cert owing to indisposition. Pianc at Gawibb.— Dr. E. St. Mirk Dawes gave bis second picnic at Gawler, on October 22, on the occasion of his son's third birthday. The picnic was held on the grounds of the Bev. Canon Coombes, about half a mile east of Gawler. There were about 700 persons present, and all kinds of games were provided for the young, and every person present spake in eulogistic terms of the doctor's kindness in pro viding so good a day's amusement for the children invited. Upwards of 500 children were invited to attend ;a magic Untern held in the Institute Hall in the evening, and which passed off very successfully. Accident at Port Adblaxdb. — Nixon Filsell, lumper, while working aboard the Mary Miller, had his leg broken below the knee, on Friday afternoon, October 22, by a bag of wheat falling on him. He was sent to the Casualty Hospital. Native Industry.— An excellent specimen of carriage manufacture has just been turned out of Messrs Barlow Brothers' establishment in Flinders-street. It is a folding-seat Stanhope, which has been constructed to the order of Dr. Astles, and a more elegant or useful vehicle couid scarcely be imagined. It can turn com pletely round in its own length, and the wheels being close together it runs much lighter than the Victoria, which is so much the fashion jast now. It is painted in black, with gold lines, and highly varnished, while the linings are of silver and grey, and the mountings in brass. We believe that another carriage of the same description is in process of building, and no doubt it will become a favourite style of vehicle. Ssxicb. — There is a very artistic pen-and-ink sketch oa view at Messrs. Roberts & Wood's establishment in King William-street. The sub ject has been suggested bj the poem ' Under the Trees,' about the authorship of which so much discussion has arisen. The picture represents a manly-looking bushman seated upon a log, musing over his past life; and little sketches skilfully done show the forms of his waking vision. The old house at home, college inci dents, and little episodes in these better times are shadowed forth. The drawing is a triile crude in parts, but the manly matured face of the bushman, and the well-bred features of the fast young coUegian, are very characteristic. The authors of this production are Messrs. Penstone and James, the former having done the figure drawing and the latter the landscape. Thb Wbst-Ehd BxTXtDiKQ Socibtt. — The eleventh half-yearly meeting of the West-End Building Society was held in the Society's offices, Wa- mouth-street, on Thursday evening, October 21\. Mr. T. S. Lang, Chairman of Directors, pre sided, and in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet congratulated the share holders on the success of the Society. He men tioned that the object of the Directors had been to create a substantial Beserve Fond so as to meet any sudden reverse. During the half-year, which, as they were aware, was one of great de pression, they had added £5,000 onto! the profits to the Beserve Fund, and were then able to de clare a dividend of 10J per cent. He thought that showed a great deal of healthiness in pecuniary matters, but he urged that the shareholders, especially the investors, were in a better posi tion than those belonging to any other Building Society in the colony, for their shares would ran oat in five years and eleven months from the date of investing, when a foil share would be worth £1CO Is. The Directors were proud of their unprecedented success, which was chiefly owing to the fact that a borrower was required to pay no premium. If ha wanted £100 be received that amount ; no more, no less. The Society was worked on the most sound principles, being as similar as was possible to the most successful Building Society in the world, namely, the West-End Building Society of London, the invested funds of which were nearly two million pounds. Communications had been opened with the Government with the view of slightly amending the preseat Act so as to require substantial guarantees from Directors and Secretaries, who were really the responsible parties, and establishing a systematic audit of accounts. He was gratified to be able to remark that while they bad done a large and profitable business they had avoided overdrafts and borrow ing large sums. He held that no Society had a right toincnr heavy liabilities, as the interests of investors would be imperilled. He could honestly say that so Society in the Australian colcnies was ia a better financial position than the West-End Building Society. The books were audited every month by the Directors in addition to the half-yearly audit, and thus the possibility of fraud was prevented. He trusted the shareholders would be convinced that the Directors had not belied their trust, seeing that while adding largely to the Beserve Fandye&rby; year, and keeping expenses within bounds, they were yet able to pay such handsome dividends as enabled investors to realize the full amount of their snares in less than seven years. The reports and balance-sheets were carried after several shareholders had expressed con fidence in the Managing Committee and satis faction at the healthy state of affairs generally. Messrs. W. White and H. Gurr were re-elected Directors. Votes of thanks to the Directors, Secretary, and Auditors terminated the pro ceedings. Professor Pbfprb's Ghost.— This clever illu sion was witnessed by a large and delighted assemblage at Garner's Theatre on Friday night. To-night, in addition to the very amusing re presentation of spectral appearances, there will be several new items in the programme. Amongst them we notice the diorama of a great many of the principal buildings and monuments of old and new London, which afforded so much pleasure on the occasion of its presentation at the Academy of Music- The entertainment is to conclude with a humorous afterpiece en titled the ' Shadow Pantomime.' Thh Attempted Suicidh Oisa at Gikcblg. William Robert 'Adams, the young man who, it will be remembered, attempted to commit suicide by shooting himself with a pistol, in the vicinity of the Patawalonga Greek, about a fortnight ago, was brought before Mr. Beddome on Friday morning, and pleaded guilty to the charge. He, however, pleaded as an extenu ating circumstance that be was under the in fluence of liquor at the time, and that he was. therefore, not responsible for bis actions. He was ordered to find two sureties of £10 each to keep the peace for three months. HELBOTTRira Livb Stock Show.— By the South Australian, which leaves for Melbourne today, Mr. J. H- Angas intends shipping his splendid shorthorn] cow Bugim Niblett, who is entered aa a competitor at the Live Stock Show which is to be held early in November in con j section with the Melbourne International Ex hibition. It will be remembered that she carried off the champion prize at the recent Shew in Adelaide. Mb. L. S. Btotok's Old Scholars. — A move { mentis being made in Gawler by the old schoUrs of Mr. L. S. Burton to present that gentleman with a handsome present for his valuable j services in the cacse of education. Mr. Barton ? has been a teacher in Gawler for a number of ! years, and has turned out many scholars who 1 are now holding good positions. They feel { therefore that they cannot allow Mr. Barton to ' retire without making him a handsome recogni i ticn. Scppikmbstabt FnrAsciAL Stathsekst. — In the Assembly on Friday the Treasurer moved that the revised Ways and Means be printed, and in doing so made a short statement in reference to the financial position. The original Estimates | had, he pointed out, been reduced to the extent j of over £6,000, but Supplementary Estimates, ; amounting to £35,347, had been pissed. ; He had, however, been able to increase : his estimate of revenue by £25,000. Of ' this sum he expected £7,000 from Benta ! and Licences, owing to the higher rental ? at which pastoral lands in the South-Ea3t were I being taken up on the expiry of the leases. | Under the head of Beimbursements-in-aid aa : increase of £2,000 was anticipated. From the | Railways £16,000 more than was originally j estimated was expected. The Traffic Manager j reported that but for the proposed redac- ? tion in the tariff for tha carriage ; of cereals an additional sum of £22,000 ; might be expected, bat, makiDg all allowances for the reduced charges, £18,000 over the j estimate previously made would probably be ; received. The new Land Bill, Mr. fctann added, ? would not, in the opinion of the Surveyor- I General, have the effect of reducing the land ! revenee to any great extent at present, and the sum originally put down bad not been altered. ; The result was that the debit balance would only j be about £4,000 over the previous estimate, and ] would stand at £179,401. During a short j debate which followed Mr. Rosa and Mr. ? Parsons strongly urged the strictest economy, I and expressed the opinion that £200,000 might ; be saved in the annual expenditure, thus making ; additional taxation unnecessary. The Treasurer, ! in reply, warmly rebuked the hon. members for i ottering fallacies, knowing as they did that, | ' however absurd a thing was, if you only went ! on repeating it people would believe it.' The ! cost of governing the country was not, as had ? been alleged, two and a quarter millions. The j Estimates included large amounts spent on I reproductive works, and the actual govern- j mental expenses were less than £300,000. In ; the face of that fact it was absurd to say that a : saving of £200,COO a year coold be effected. j PAHLUiraifTAHT DrasHES. — The courtesies : which herald the near approach of the end of [ the Parliamentary session ia the shape of dinners to the members began last evening, when the Chief Secretary entertained the hon. gentlemen of the Legislative Council at Parlia ment House. The President has issued invita tions to the members of the Upper House for Tuesday next. Thh Acclimatization Socesti.— The second ! annual meeting of the South Australian Accli matization Society was held at the South Australian Institute on Friday afternoon, j There was a fair attendance, and the President, I Mr. Chief Justice Way, presided. The report } was very eneoarsging, and the proceedings 1 generally were of an interesting character. ! Thh Licbxsed Victtjaixhbs Bill. — The Assembly devoted a considerable amount of time on Friday to the consideration of the ! Council's amendments in the Licensed J Victuallers BUI. A number of the alterations were agreed to, but in several cases the decisions j of the Council were not accepted, notably in I the case of the Sunday-closing clause. When the amendment on this was reached Mr. Fowler moved that the Committee divide, and this was j carried. A division then took place, when the decision of the Council in favour of reducing the hours fixed by; the Assembly for opening hotels ob Sundays was reversed. Thb Feu. Ooubt.— The Full Court will sit to morrow^ half-past 10, it being the last day of the third terml Wimi's Aiit Gaixbet.— The attendances at Mr. Wivell's Ait Gallery have been pretty steady, and the public are beginning to show more appreciation of the advantage of such an in stitution. There f is now on view there a carious painting of the Madonna and Child, wob by Mi«B Barry, of 8tockport, in the Burra Art Union. It is an Austrian production after the medieval style, and is very quaint. The background is dead gold, the drapery black, and the lights gold, after the fashion of the monkish illuminations seen in old missals. It is valaed at £100. St. Joan's firxDAT-scEoot. — On Friday afternoon a bazaar was opened in the Hew schoolroom adjoining St. John's Church with the object of raising funds in aid of the clearing off of the debt on the building. During the afternoon tbe bazaar was well patronised, bat i the attendance increased in tbe evening, despite the unpleasantness of the weather. The stalls, j which were arranged around the room, were very prettily decorated with the knick-knacks which j are so indispensable an adjunct to fancy sales. ! There was nothing special exposed to view, bat on the whole the baz&ar; gave evidence of careful ' selection in the choice of the articles, and ef the excellence of the wool and other work executed by the young ladies who had charge of the stalls, j The most noticeable feature of the exhibition was a cleverly executed model of a drawing room. Those who presided at the stalls were Mesdamea Poole, Light, Gardiner,' Birt, Ham mond, and Elliott, and Miss Pritchard. Daring the evening the proceedings were enlivened by a number of mat ical selections. Christmas Oa rds.— The great tide of Christ mas cards whic i usually overflows Adelaide towards tbe dose of the year has set in early this season. In a splendid collec tion shown us by Messrs. G. N. & W. Birks, of Bundle-street, artistic taste and fancy seem to have ran riot. Every 'year these pretty presents exhibit some improvement in design and execution, but this season the variety and beauty characterizing them sur pass that of former,* years. Some represent graceful groups in the antique style, some ex quisitely painted flowers photographed and em bossed, while others are elaborately designed for mechanical effects. Presentation cards seem to be superseding the old valentines, and as most of them are exceedingly artistic in design and finish tbe innovation is one worth encouraging. The Farmers' Dinkhr at Blyth. — Mr. Krichauff, M.P., writes as follows:— * Allow me to correct two matters which appear in the re port of the Blyth Branch annual dinner. First I am made to say that the amended Land Bill was the last concession the farmers ought to setk. What I said, however, was that I had been told by members of the Housej that it was the last concession the selectors ought to obtain. Afterwards, I did not refer to the growing of ?hops' at Port Wakefield. I said that I bad been informed by Mr. Goyder that no fanner had re sponded to his advertisement about tbe seeds of oil plants, and yet I had been told that five acres with rape ' were planted by a Mr. Fowler, near Port Wakefield.'' Mb. Owstox's Expeksbs nt thh Northers Tbbbitobt. — In the Legislative Council on Friday the Ohief Secretary stated, in reply to Sir H. Ayers, that £217 had been spent in assist ing Mr. Owston to examine the country in the Northern Territory in addition to the £200 already paid him. Although this expense hid been incurred primarily for the benefit of Mr. Owston, it would also be of advantage to the Government, as it bad been very useful in enabling the officers in the Northern Territory to examine the country for themselves, and the outlay would consequently be debited to survey and exploration account SotTH Australian Cbicketctci Association. — The opening match of the season will be played on the Oval this afternoon between the Twelve chosen to practice for the intercolonial match with Melbourne and the next Sixteen. Mb. Bcbkhtt at Port Adelaide.— This evening Mr. Burnett, whose campaign at the Port is being attended with marked results, will hold an outdoor demonstration at tbe Qaeeu's Wnuf, Port Mr. D. Bower, IIP., will preside. Port Adklaidb Regatta. — The Mayor of Port Adelaide has called a public meeting to take steps for holding a regatta on January 1, 1881. Glkhklq and Brighton Railway..— Trains by this line from Somerton will meet the Bay trains to-day according to the times mentioned in our advertising columns. Adelaide aito Hutdmabsh Tbakwat.— The ceremony of formally opening this Tramway will take place this afternoon. Thb New Raix-wat Tariff. —The Commis sioner of Public Works stated in reply to Mr. Funier on Friday that the new railway goods tariff, by which the charges for carriage of cereals will be considerably reduced, would come into operation on December 1. Gi^xelg Ixstitcte Ball. — We notice that the Glenelg Institute ball is postponed until the night of December 3. A Notbx Ke-d of Fuel. -A novel kind of fuel, which, under certain circumstances, will supersede coal for use ia steamships and loco motives, has been tried in tbe Russian steamer Czarewitch, the swiftest mailboai on the Caspian Sea. This magazine of dormant energy, as we may term raw fuel, is simply the fluid refuse of petroleum oil, and after being blown into a spray by n:e»ns of a jet of steam from tbe boiler of the engine, it is ignited in side the furnace, and burns with a roaring sheet of flame. Such » mode of combustion has several prominent advantages over the usual coal fire. It requires no stoking, and the flame can be manipulated like a jet of gas, and the steam pressure easily kept up to any required degree. Tbe last is a valuable property for fast cruisers in time of war or for blockade runners. Moreover, there are no ashes, and tbe smoke is free from sulphur. In default, therefore, of compressed air as a motive power on the under ground railway, perhaps petroleum waste may get a trial. Voixnumt Iteks. — Class-firing for the year 1880-1 is to begin after October 23, and each ten rounds will be fired in & series of 2, 3, and 5 rounds. It is announced that members of tbe Reserve who wish to be to the fore with their old companies are to have rifles and ammunition issued to them, the rifles to be returned at the conclusion of the proceeding?. The Reserve men are also reminded that in order to compete for the Government prizes it will be needful for | them to go through tbe ordinary position drill, i There ia to be a call to arms shortly, and j members of the V.M.F. and Reserve are re- ! minded that the signal of alirm is three guns I fired rapidly from the parade-ground, and upon j that signal beiEg given at any hour they are ! to assemble at the Staff Office, except F : and G Companies, who are to act in j conformity with a previous order. Firing for ; the first competition for places in the team of I fifteen to represent the colony in the inter colonial matth at Melbourne will begin at 11 a.m. on Thuwday next, at Fulhiin. Sergeant H. Thompson has been promoted to be a Lieu- I tenant in Adelaide Eit'es, ti'ee H&rrold;, pro moted ; Corporal Solomon, ot B Campiny, Adelaide Rides, is promoted to a sergeantcy ; Private H. G. Allen baa been made a corporal ; acd Acting-Corporals H. Putsey and H. Foster are to be corporals ; and Privates Eli Freek and Job Freek are to be acting-corporals. This afternoon there ia to be a general inspection of the infantry by the Colonel-Commandant at the foot of Montefiore Hill. Tbe Kapunda and Gawler Companies are comiag down. Bribery at Elections. — The various Com missions of Enquiry into the charges of bribery and corruption tbat have been preferred against many of the members of the Imperial Parlia ment who were returned at the last election have now concluded their enquiries. We learn by telegram tbat in many cases it has been proved that gross bribery has been committed, and that the members who have been found guilty of such practices have been unseated. It is not, however, stated who are the members who have thus been treated. I/htdok Abt Fkiojt.— The prints and works of art of this Art Union for the year 1850 hive been distributed to the honorary agents through out tbe province, and are ready for delivery. Thb Czab of Russia.— For some time past tbe health of tbe Czar has been in a very precarious condition, and, according to recent telegrams, it was feared] that serious results might accrue from his illness. A telegram from St. Peters burg, which we publish this morning, however, states that His Majesty has now completely recovered his health. Cost of Lhgisiatitb Council. Elections.— A paper laid on the table of the Assembly shows that tbe Legislative Council^election on Jaly 7 cost £1,723 13*. lid. This sum was made up of the following items:— Fees to Returning Officers on day of election, £92 8s.; voting cleiks' substitutes and doorkeepers, £650 9s. 6d. ; cost of booths, £302 12a.; carriage of boxes, £198 7s. 5d.; mileage, advertising, stationery, printing, &c;, £409 18s. The total number of votes polled was 8,272. DBPtTTATIOK FBOM THH DISTRICT COUNCILS OF 8TASLBT AKD CUlRH.— On Friday morning the Commissioner of Public Works was waited upon by a deputation from the Districts of Stanley and Clare with reference to the road between Mintaro and Sevenbills. The gentlemen on the deputation were Messrs. Thompson Priest, Chairman of the Stanley District Council; Thomas Aahby, Chairman of the Clare District Counsil; and D. Jacobs, of Clare. The Hon. O. Mann (the Treasurer) and the Hon. J. G. Ramsay, M.L.C., introduced the deputa tion. Mr. Priest stated that the roiii in ques tion was connected with the main line of road from Mintaro to Clare, and it was the only one from Sevenhills to Mintare. It carried a great deal of traffic, and to a large extent it was a feeder to tbe railway at Mintaro. In tbe wet season it was almost impas sable, and tbe District Councils were unable to expend money sufficient to keep it in good repair. During the past five years tbe amount which had been expended on that portion of it — about five miles— which was within the District of Stanley was £751 12s. lOd. ; and the District Council of Clare had spent aboat £400 on that portion of it which came within their district. They now wished the Government to grant a sum of £2,000 to pat the road in a state of good repair. The other members of the deputation also pressed the matter npon the Commissioner. Ia reply, the Commissioner of Public Works said he was sorry he could not do anything in regard to the road this session, but he woald have an enquiry made, and if he found that it was a road which took a deal of traffic to tbe railway he would see that the District Councils received all the help they required to keep it in thorough repair. It was too much to expect of the District Councils themselves, acd he thought it would be advi sable to have the road pat on the schedule of main roads. Traksmissioms. — Th'' return moved for by Mr. Haines 'containing a list of all trans missions of lands in the Linds Titles Registra tion Office since October 23, 1876, under wills, codicils, and exemplifications of wills which had not been previously proved in the Supreme Court of South Australia, together with the names of the testa tori, the value of each separate property as declared for the purpose of the Assurance Fund, and the amounts of probate and succession duty paid in each separate case.' was laid on the table of the Assembly on Friday. The return, which com rises only six names, is as follows:— Name of testator, George Booth ; value of property for purpose of Assurance Fund, £1,500 ; probate and succession duty paid, £17. William Nicholls, value of property, £475 ; doty paid, £10 10j. 5d. Francis Staker, value of property, £240 ; duty paid, nil. Charles Masters, value of pro perty, £230; duty paid, nil. Angus McLaine, value of property, £15,000 ; daty paid, ciL Benjamin Riley Reed, value of property, £439 ; duty paid, nil. John McLellan, value of property, £250 ; duty paid, nil. A note states that the value in each transmission has been declared to aa a whole and not as to each separate property. Fight- Hotss Association. — A meeting of tbe members of this Association was held in the Metropolitan Hall, Grote-street, on Thursday evening, October 21, for tbe purpose of consider ing tbe recent increase in the hours of labour at Mount Gambier. There was a small attendance, and Mr. W. W. Whitehall occupied the chair. The Chairman stated the circumstances attend ing the Mount Gambier strike, the occurrence of which he attributed to want of organization among the workmen. He did not consider that the eight-hours, movement would be affected in any way by this strike, but it showed that if the movement was to be preserved in country places particularly there must be a good organization among the men. A letter which had been received from one of the men on strike at Mount Gambier was read. The Ohurman mentioned tbat since the letter had been written he had seen another communication from Mount Gambier, in which it was stated that two of the men on strike hsd gone to work at nine hoars a day, one was not able to leave the place owing to domestic circumstances, four were returning to Melbourne, and one was coming on to Adelaide. It was resolved to send a telegram to the Trades* Council, Melbourne, informing them of the strike at Mount Gambier, and asking them to warn workmen not to go there. The meeting then adjourned for a week, pending further information from Mount Gambier. Lewis Belief Fcsd. — A service 'of song, en titled ** Christiana,' was givea in tbe Congre gational Church, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday night, October 21, in aid of tbe widow and family of the late Captain Lewis, of the Prima Donna. Captain Bickers, J.P., presided, and tbere was a good attendance. The service of eong was rendered by Sunday-school children, under Mr. H. W. Thompson'ifleadership. The Rev. J. C. Kirby gave the connective readings, and Mr. Ohannon acted as pianist. The net proceed! were about £4 10s. Stobst at Lake Michigan. — A telegram from New York advises us of a storm of great violence which has occurred at Lake Michigan. It is stated tbat it resulted in great loss of life, and that no leu than nine vessels axe reported as having foundered daring the storm, with their crews, numbering more than a hundred persons. Grasseopfebs.— The Jamutoitn Review states that these nuisances h&ve; started southward from the Far North. They have already dona asy amount of mischief up Aikaba way, and the advanced guard has no-* attacked the crops round Orroroo. Giajtvuxb Wharf.— The first shipment of wool fiom Glanville Wharf took place on Friday, October 22, when ninety-one bales from the Biver Darlirg were put on board the barque Oaklasds. Thb Fiikdbrb— The departure of the steamer Flinders is delayed till I o'clock to-day, in con sequence of having been on the slip for cleaning. 