" Oxf, of tho latest devicca adopted by " the enemy for the purpose of discrcdit- " ing tho proposals of tho Opposition " 011 tho subject, of reform is the ex- " pression of a doubt oa to whether tlio " Legislative Council can be induced to " accept the scheme propounded by Mr.' " Seivice and others. The course pur- " fined is to ignore the broad facta of " tho 'situation, and to fasten on the "utterances of two or three members " who have expressed a disinclination to " agree to some change or other which " tlie Opposition plan involves. It is " very conveniently assumed, for the " purposo of misleading tho public, that " although a few swallows do not m:ike " a summer, less than half, a dozen " members of an Upper House will com ".stitntc an obstructive majority. Wo " hitve n'ot'to look far in ordoi' to see that ''such .a position is utterly untenable. 1 n " proof of this statement we have oidytp " refer to the dobuto 011 tho Laud 'fax f Bill. In that discussion a nuinbcr of " gentlemen who, as a rule, deservedly "carry great , weight in the Second ' Chamber, were in favor of throwing " out the measure, regardless of conse- " quences ; hut the majority, although " equally opposod to it, considering that " the country had unmistakably pro- " flounced in favor of the impost, de- " determined to give way and allow tho " bill to become law. In the face of " such a conoession what reason is" thcro, " prima fiKir, to snpposo that a simi- " larly marked expression of the, popular " will would be ignored or disregarded 1 " Most certainly none. And if there is " nothing at first sight to justify us in " believing that the Council will provo " insensible to the desires of tho conn- " try on tlio subject of reform, thero is everything, 011 closer examination, " to lend lis to an opposite conclu- " sion." ...... This was the reply which was made by Mr. Service's orgnn to tho question, What probability is there of his seliemo of reform being passed into law by the Council, in the face of tho hostility shown to it by various members of that body ? We reprint tho reply, because we consider the question is ono of such importance in the controversy that too much light cannot be thrown upon it. Mr. Service has declared that his scheme is practicable, and can bo quickly mode law, whereas tho plebiscite can never got beyond the hustings and tho Assembly, if ever it gets so far. 1 1 is on, the ground of this difference that he aslcs the country to vote for his scheme,' and to vote against the plebiscite. If it votes for his scheme he pledges himself to put it on tho. statuto book within six months : if it votes for tho plebiscite it will be merely throwing its vote away. Now, if Mr. Service could show any good reason for his perfect confidence in his own re sources and judgment, we admit at once that he would have established a fair claim upon the electors ; for the electors are as deeply interested in the speedy settlement of reform as Mr. Service him- . self is, or any of his party. But where is there any evidence that his claim is well-founded 1 On tho 8th of Octobor last Dr. Dobson moved an amendment, on Sir Charles Sladcn's bill which, if carried, would, as he said, have been " the adoption of the ratepayers' roll as " the electoral basis of the Council 1" How was that amendment received by the Council 1 Mr. Fitzgerald said, " it " had not tho ghost of a show, " and Dr. Hearu .declared " he did " not believo that Dr. Dobson " was serious in proposing it." Mr. Balfour gave his belief that neither the majority of tho Council nor tlio majo rity of its constituents would agree to such an innovation ; and ' Sir Charles Sladen added iu the same strain that he had not gone lower than the £20 limit, " because I10 knew I10 could not carry " tho proposition." Now these men, ho it observed, .arc thoroughly representa tive of the mind of the class with whom they sit, and for whom they legislate. They do not sit 011 the same side of the House, and they do not speak for a single exclusive section of the House. Yet what aro wo told when we produce their utterances to provo that Mr. Service has not grasped all the difficulties of tho situation in which his scheme is placed 1 Only this, that " a few swallows do not "make a summer," or, what is the same thing, that Messrs. Hearne, Dobson, Balfour and Fitzgerald are more .nobodies, whoso opinions ought not to have any weight in the discussion. Wedonot pretend to knowhow they relish the not very- complimentary estimate that is thus formed of llicm by their friends. Jt is clear that their influence is not rated very high by those who are supposed to know them beat. If they are only a few swallows, it seems strange that so much interest should be taken at various times in their movements in the political world. But swallows or not, does Mr. Service really believo that he can carry his hill in spite of them, as his organ pretends that he can ! Does he really think that when Dr. Hoarn and Mr. 'Wil liam Wilson both declared that they woiild infinitely rather vote for a nominee chamber than for the doublo dissolution, they were cither saying what' they did not mean or saying more than they had the power to give effect to 1 He tells us, or his organ tells us, tnat it is unfair to take the utterances of two or three members as a test of the opinions of the majority. But what other test is there to tuke i" If the ma jority held opinions adverse to theirs, is it not reasonable to conclude that they would have found some way of letting the pnblic know it ? In a matter of such profound interest, and involving such i'ar-rcachiiig issues, men do not allow themselves to bo misrepresented by keeping silence. Silence in a discus sion of this kind is generally taken for conscnt. But. wo nro told that there is no rea son to suppose, that a marked expres sion of I lie popular will, such as that which was given for the land tax, will be ignored or disre garded by tho Council. But if this assurauco is good for anything, it is as good for (ho plebiscite as it is for Mr. (Service's scheme. It means, in fact, that the Council, only waits for tho popular vote to be recorded at the end of the month in order to carry it into ellect, without roferenco to the side that, it favors. But of course it never was in tended to have any such meaning. Tho impartiality of tho Council is strictly a oiio-sided' ono. It will obey the popular will, but thon tho popular will must jump with its own. The idea of voting for Mr. k'crvioo if Mr. Service wins is all very well, and may possibly bo real ised ; but to pass tho plebiscite because the people wish it is quite (mother matter. Mr. Berry would bo quite as much, justified as Mr. Service if I10 accepted the (lictiun as a favorable prognostic for tho success of tho plebiscite. Ho might urgo it as a pertinent roply to all Mr. Service's doubts about tho possibility of putting the. plebiscite 011 the statuto hook. " Havo wo not the assurance of " your own organ," he might rejoin, "that the Council will -put anything "011 tho statute book which the people "express a wish fori If it will tako " your Norwegian scheme in obedienco " to tho ballot-box, inust it not .also tako " my plebiscite on the saino" 'grounds 1" If Conservative ' logicians reasoned as Other men do, or if. they held themselves ' bound, by their own words, thero would bo 110 gainsaying this inferenco for a moment. Tho pcoplo, would go to tho poll perfectly satisfied that their wishes would bo carried out by a loyal and obsequious Upper House, whether it liked them or not. But sucli a thought is very far indeed from Mr. Service or his party. Nothing could strike greater consternation into them than to bo required to' believo "that tlio' 'Upper House will surely do as the language -of their cla queurs would load them to expect. All that .Mr. Service aspires to is to get his own bill assented to. This Is tho limit of his expectations. IVe repeat, however, that, lie has not told us 011 what ground these expectations aro founded, and till ho does tell lis wo must regard him as tho victim of a sanguine imagination and nothing more. I.11 tho face of the recorded refusal of tho leading members of tho Upper House to have- either tho ratepayers' roll or tho double dissolu tion, we must have something moro than his simple assurance that he will force the obnoxious morsels down their throat in six mouths. W 1: run quite' understand tho feeling which has actuated the managers of tho theatres and other places of public amusement in raising a protest against the opening of tiio Melbourne Exhibi tion at night. They may naturally arguo that a rival attraction, and ono of such a powerful character as tho Exhi bition, must exerciso a prejudicial ten dency upon their own business as caterers for tho publie amusement. But this argument, however cogent to the managerial mind, does not apply with any force, to tljo merchants and shopkeepers, of whom the meeting held at the Town Hall yesterday was cliiefiy composed. The early closing movement, we are glad to say, has been adopted to such an extent that tho majority of places of business close at six o'clock, and therefore the opening of the Exhibi tion iu tho evening cannot enter into competition with them. Tlio question altogether is one which must bo treated on a broader basis , than the individual desires or interests of a few proprietors of theatres. Tho -interests of the com munity as a whole have to be considered. No effort must be spared to render the Exhibition a success thoroughly worthy of the colony ; and to effect this object every opportunity must be afforded for the people as a whole to visit the place. The Exhibition is, as tho mover of the amendment described it, " n grand educational institution," and to shut out tho working classes from its practical benefits would bo ' to court failure. Unless the building bo opened at night, working men will be almost wholly precluded from inspecting the exhibits brought together from all parts of tho world, and doriviug therefrom valuable lessons for future guidance. As to 'the objection raised of tho danger of lire caused by tho introduction of gas into tho building, that we presume is a matter against which due precau tion can bo taken. Considering the large expenditure to which the colony has Leon pledged by tlio undertaking, the commission could not with justice pass by any feasible and suitable 'scheme by i which tho revenue to be derived there from can bo increased. That tho open ing of tho Exhibition at niglit will add to tho incomo 110 ono will bo inclined to dispute ; the protests of tlio theatrical managers show that they recognise this j fact. Perhaps, asacortainamountof hard ships maybe inflicted upon tlio theatres, a compromise might be arrived at, whereby the Exhibition building should bo opened at night during a certain number of days of the week only. To ask, how ever, that the building should be closed entirely at night is a proposal to which, in the interests of tho working classes, we must enter o'ur objection. 