BACK FROM THE GRAVE. (By S. J. A.) " Tbe evil that men do lives after them." —SHAKESPEAHE. It is now some two years and nine months since I from the " terrestial world" have once more to the earth become visitant. The ghost ot Hamlet's father has already informed you that I am debarred the pririlege of divulging the secrets ot my prisonhouse, or I could a tale infold which wonld enlighten the world as to how heavenly bodies govern themselves, but since I must to earthly subjects alone confine myself How do I find dear Nictoria, Australia's fairest daughter 1 Alas! " What a ialiing off is there!" Chaos reigns supreme— That Paradise for working men, a myth! Yet, for place and pay, to keep the game alive, A band of political demagogues alone da strive." On the Ilth of May, 1877,1 saw from afar one Berry handle the reins ot Government* Oh! if I could see now as then. Surely Nemesis will overtake the tyrants on :he 28th instant. " What did I see," asks my early interrogator ? I can but answer in a mournful strain— " Give me but fifty followers at my back, And I reform will carry in a crack. With sixty followers, if not mere, • I find Victoria as far off as before." Tis hard, very hard, to see a country in danger of being ruined and yet be unable to take part in earthly strife. Visions of misgovernment flaunt before my gaze, while in red letters stand— Read, mark, and inwardlyldigest, While I this Ministry's actions pnt to tbe test; Although no poet do I profess to be, In doggerel their actions you can piainly see. First, then, the Goulbourn Valley Railway they passed in a jiffv, Kot jtill they found their mistake out ia committee ; Captain Mandeville's appointment next we scan, With Lieutenaat Tandy as his right baoi man; At tbe Volu-n debate, even Longmore smiled, While the Geelong elector Berry beguiled; Of election committees, Britannia held ;ti« scales— Devien, Mackay, and Gillies can tell their own tales; Honest returning officers—Dr Kna^s, ta wit— Stnffed rolls to these did not matter one bit; Fisher, the barrister, was barely paid enough, Which made M'lntyre cry " Hold oa Macduff!" - To suhsidize the papers was all the go, Tbe 2eUgraph advertisements will plaiilj show - A continuous brake, fostered by tbe State, For raking and breaking 'tis good at any rate; -' Sixty-thousand Woods has spent, if set more, In inventing big holes, as an eyesore; In matters of finance, we are aitJccit, Our lour and a-half per cent, loan points'* what I say; Black Wednesday, so called, is a bright day to Berry While a champion is found in the candidate Sterry; The working mans friend reduced the wsgei I say, And advised them to accept four bob a daj; No terror exists in the Civil Service just now A family party is there, ior retrenchment ve »ow ; A million more expended stares us in the face, With a tax handicap to keep us oat of the race ; With starvation around, the embassy money was spent, While the patriot Berry home to Chelsea was bent ; One, Cuthbert, retired—so ashamed oi his crew. Honest Ministers grabbed to get at his screw; Longmore, tbe farmers' friend, without doubt, Sent them, like others, all up tbe spent. A Saturday's election, just to please tbe Jews, For our Government would give all religion its dues ; Oi flaming houses, we've bees threatened in galore, By patriots (!) whose like BO country e'er saw before ; Mattyrs ior self, Sir Bryan's a tru» sample Surely, in a young country, he's a glorkxu example ; A thousand grosser deeds, we've yet to . learn, When succeeding Ministry the public exchequer discern. Thus you will see why I have revisited earth ; but I must now away, for the wind howls, and the cock crows—' tis meet 1 should-away. The avenger SERVICE is at hand, and the days of the- Berry misrule are numbered. 