SET IN A SILVER SEA BV B. L. FARJEON. CHAPTER XVIII. BASF CLAIMS EVAHQBI.IME AS HIS OWN. " 1 stood like a man in a dream gazing upon tbiB startling union of life and death—of death in its most chilling aspect, of life in its fairest. And yet, although it was apparent to me that the years that had passed Biuce I last looked upon my mother's face had not improved her, the manner of her death was sach as she would have deserved had she lived a worthier life. Both sleep and death were peacefal, and the fresh pare breath of innocence flowed over the form of one from whose lips I had never heard the expression of a gentle thought. " My mother had not been long dead; her body still retained the warmth of life bat jast departed. She must have hashed the child to sleep, and lying by her side, have yielded up her spirit to its Creator. The fever of her life, expressed in coarse desires and grovelling aspirations, was spent. She had lived the full span, bat I doubted if there existed a human creature who, hearing she had gone, would have said, * ReBt in peace.' Like a weed run to waste lay my mother; like a sweet and lovely flower lay the child. By what mysterious link were living sunrise and dead night united ? I searched the hat for a clue, in the shape of a letter or memorandum, and I made two discoveries, one of a few pieces of gold in a weoden cup, the other of a Bible, on the fly-leaf of which was written in straggling characters which I recognised as my mother's, ' Banf—Mauvain,' and beneath these names, another, • Evangeline.' There was nothing strange in the circumstances of my mother thus bringing into association the two beings most closely connected with her life; bat that their names should be written in a Bible!—Here was matter for reflection. Not only to my knowledge had my mother never possessed a Bible, but I had never known her open the pages of one. The book I held then in my hand was small, and was fastened with silver clasps; some of the leaves stack together, probably from damp, a proof that it had been lately bat little used. I put it carefully away, and it is now in the hnt in which I am making this record. " The discovery of the gold and the Bible afforded no cine to'the mystery of the child's presence, for the third name, Evangeline, which £ supposed to be the child's, was not of any value as testimony. The only other unaccustomed object which 'rewarded my search was a baby'« shoe. u It hurt me that the sleeping child should be so close to death, and I gathered and made a bed of dry leaves upon the ground, and softly raising the child, placed her upon it. A spirit of hope and happiness entered my heart as I held the beautiful flower in my arms. The child had been sent to me from heaven; faithfully wonld I guard the sacwd trust. " I carried the body of my mother from the hnt, and laid it in the foreit'a shade, in a spot suitable for a grave, which T determined to dig that night. Then I returned to the hut, and sat by the side of the child, waiting for her to wake. I felt that a terrible ordeal awaited me in the moment of her awakening from her slumber. If she shrank - Iron) me, terrified at my ancoath appearance, I vowed never to meet the face of man again. I would go and herd with the beasts, as being fit only for the society of the lower creatures of the earth. A judgment was abont to be pronounoed upon me. The child opened her eyes, and looked at me calmly and without fear. I held out my arms to her, and she accepted the shelter. Tears of gratitude rolled down my beard. All my life I had been fighting with demons; now, an aagol was on my side.' . " I «at with her little hand in mine, and hor soft cheek nestling against my hairy fao*. Only for a few moments did I allow myself the enjoyment • of' this- new and , wonderful happiness, being impressed with the necessity of fibdlnfe a home for the child, in whieh the eonld reoeive womanly due and attention. I knew of but one snch within easy distance, a- house almo't as lonely as my mother's but,,in whloh ia former years I had seen a Woman at work; it was called the forest farm. Throwing an old 'shaWi of'my-mother's round the child, Z proceeded in the direction of- the farm, taking with me the gold I had found in the cnp. . The snn was setting when ! reached my destination. The rooks were clustering for rest; an old man was driving a cow into a shed a dog rnsbed at me, and -stood stock-stiU, arrested in his contemplated attack by my disregard of him, and another, a savage beast, secured by a stout chain, .came from his kennel, and growled at me f drionsly. X took no notice of these creatures, but walked straight to the door of the -faxm-house, and prahing-it open, saw the woman who lived there when l Was a lad. She- had grown prematurely old;' the/ healthy colour in her face htd fled, and her hair was almost white. She started at me in terror, and made as though she would fly from me. There is no cause for fear,* Z said; 'lam not a ghost. Uy name is Banf.' " The announcement did not tend to compose her. '" Banf!' she cried. ' The deformed son of the evil woman in the hut yonder !' "•Thesame,' I replied.* 4 1" carry my credentials on toy shoulders.' "' The good Lord save us,' she ejaculated.' "' Amen,' I said. "•We heard you were dead.' u ' It is not true, you see. Ton knew my mother.' *• * I have seen her.' H ' It is she who is dead.' " 1 What is that tome?' " 'Nothing. I have come to ask you to do a Christian act, " 4 1 will have nothing to do with her!' screamed the woman. ' I will not touch the witch.' " * Witch or no witch,' I said, discovering the reputation my mother had gained for herself, ' she iB done'with this world. I come oh behalf of the living, : not the dead. See here, dame; you will n6t turn me away—yen would not have the heart! I have no home to offer this little one. She needs a woman's care; I have gold, and can pay you.' "' Yes, yes,' muttered the woman; ' we are poor.' " I knew that my object was gained, and I gave the child into her arms. She looked at our faces, comparing them. Not yonrs ?'she asked. " • Mine,' I replied boldly. "' I have Been some of Nature's tricks,' she said, ' but never such a trick as this.' "'Nature owed me reparation,'I said, '"aud she makes it in the form of this child. It is a trick on the right side, dame. Better the little one should be comely and fair than in my likeness.' "' It is better, yes. it is better; but I am thinking of the mother.' "' The child has no mother.' '"Dead?' "' Dead!' I repeated mechanically. *• Then, the woman's poverty being on my side, I made terms with her, paying her ia advance, and saying I should come every day to see'my child. So I tenderly kissed the little one and left her. " It was night before I got back to mv hat. Everything was as I had left it; nothing had been disturbed. I was careful in my obser-, vation of things, deeming it possible that some person connected with the child would visit the hnt. There was, however, no sign. Another duty was to be performed before I retired to rest; my mother's grave was not yet dug. It was soon done ; and iu the solemn stillness of the night I laid the inanimate clay in its forest bed. I covered it with sweet herbs and piled the earth above it. «Good-night, mother,' I said ; ' your death has brought sunlight to my BOUI.' Then I threw myself npon the bed of leaves I had made for Evangeline, and enjoyed such repose as had not visited me for years. " I was up early in the morning, and off to the forest farm. The child had been well cared for, and to my delight seemed to recognise me. She came to me willingly, and I took her into the open, and talked and sang to her, making her laugh, and laughing with her. I was enjoying my own childhood, of which I had been robbed. Everything in earth and air wore a new robe, the robe of spring. The clouds were brighter, the earth more fragrant, the woodland voices sweeter, than they had ever been. Such happiness, Evangeline, did you bring to a man driven almost to despair by misfortune and injustice. " Months passed without the occurrence of any event to disturb my new and better life. No person came near the hut to enquire for Evangeline; the mystery which surrounded her was not touched by time. Needless to say here that it occupied my thoughts. From whom had my mother obtained the child, and for what reason hadBO sweet a flower been doomed to seclusion and to companionship utterly unsuitable to childhood ? I could supply no answer to these questious, and fearful that my happiness should be disturbed, I kept myself secluded, and sought no society but that of Evangeline and the woman who had charge of her. " I renewed my woodland studies. I had no longer any beoks to assist me, but I found sufficient to interest me in the forest aroand my hut. Who is it who said, placing his hand upon a mossy glade,' Beneath this palm is more than enough for the stady of a lifetime ?' It is true. We need not go abroad to learn. u At length a new direction was given to the calm current of my life. The hunting season commenced, and, as in the days of Mauvain's prosperity, the forest resounded with the music of the horn, the barking of dogs, and the voices of men. I recognised at once the importance of this change, and out of the possibilities which might spring from it I could extract no good eign for me or Evangeline. My thoughts naturally reverted to Mauvain. Had he returned from exile, and renewed his old life of selfish pleasures ? Curiosity conquered prudence, srd o e morning I found myself on the road leading to the fine house in which I had left my mother when I went forth into the World. Yes, it was tenanted, and by a gay company. What did this forebode to me ? Discovery ? How avoid it ? To fly from the forest was not to be thought of. There was no place in the world for me, and I dared not snbject Evangeline to a renewal of the sufferings I had undergone. " I retraced my steps to the hat, so wrapt in thought that I did not observe the approach of a storm Night came on quickly with the darkening of the clouds. The wind howled round my hut; the rain poured down in a deluge. " It was only the day before that I had discovered the dream-flower; I had searched for it for weeks, the spot in which it originally grew having undergone change from tempest, perhaps from such a tempest as that new raging through the forest. It was well to be indoors on such a night. Heaven help those poor creatures who, in sach weather, have no roof to cover their heads. That is a phrase, ' Heaven help,' a phrase with a hard meaning, broneht into common use by man's inhumanity. _ " I was busy with the flowers, distilling the liquid from the slender stems, when, in the midst of the storm, I heard a beating at the door. Had discovery come ? Had I been seen and tracked ? I waited in silence. The knocking was renewed. " * Do the dead live here ?' cried a voice. "' No,' I answered. "' Open the door,' cried the man without, in an insolent tone, ' or I will beat it down.' " The threat did not alarm me ; the €oir was securely barred, and more than a man's strength was needed to force an entrance. "'Your tone is not civil,' I said; seek shelter elsewhere.' "' There is none near. I have a lady with me; for the love of God give her shelter till I obtain assistance to convey her home! If yon refuse it will be worse for you in fine weather than it is for ns in foul!' " A little reflection was sufficient to convince me that my best course was compliance. I unbarred the door, and a man entered, carrying in his arms a young and beautiful woman in a state of insensibility. '"Who in the devil's name are you?' he asked, when be had laid his burden down. " ' A mia-shapen man,' I replied,' upon whom you need not waste a thought. Do you belocg to one of the hunting parties ?' " * Yes, and having been overtaken by the storm, have lost our way in thi* bewildering forest. My lady here, whom I wa« attending, gdt separated from her party ; her horse threw her, and mine ran away, like a sensible and unfaithful brute, when I jumped down to assist her.' «•«What do you propose to do ?' To go for a carriage, if you will sho * me a way out of this wilderness.' " I asked him in which direction he wished to go, and he answered in the direction ot Mauvain's house. He did not mention Mauvain's name, and for my part, troubled as I was by the thought that this adventure was almost certain to bring me bad fortone, X. did not prompt him to it. " The lady lay icsensible upon the ground, and I said it would be best to wait till she recovered, else she would be terrified at finding herself alone in my lonely hnt. So we waited awhUe ( and presently she opened her eyes. Then the man, speaking in a more deferential tone than that be used to me, explained to her the position of affairs, and. begged her respectfully to keep within $he. shelter they had pained untU he succeeded in bringing her a carnage to convey her from the forest. There was reason la. his mpla, for the storm: had increased in Xury, and it was Impossible) for, so ddioato a «re*ture to venturf out in it *foot. , "'But I cannot jtty here alone,' ^he said, after assenting to the plan;. ' it would be too terrible.' , . , "' If yon will have coonge for a few minutes,' I said,'t will return when I have shorn your servant the wiy.out of the fprest.' "She oenssnted bv a gesture, and 1 accompanied her «enut from the hat, aad.pat him on his road. . "' If any on* speaks to you of this,' ha said 'JOB will bear me harmless.' " Hope shpns upon in this expression of fear. ' Yon tiav&ahard; tauter, then?* " • Hard and soft/ he replied. "' I understand. Hud to those beneath him, soft to those above him.' " * Yon are right and wrong, it is dangerous to aager him.' " * Is my lady his wife ?' u • No.' —His daughter ?' "'No.' "' A blood relation, then "'Ask no more questions. What she is to him,,and he to her is none of jrour business.' ".'True. I will hold you harmless on one condition.' ' It is cool of y/oa to make rapditipns. What : am I to do in return ?' " ' Say nothing of me. . Do not mention that .you have seen such a man as I in the forest.' " 'That is easy^ Agreed.' '"Enoughsaid, then. Follow this path .to the left for a quarter of a mile, and you will see the house before you.' '-1 was about to leave him when he laid his hand upon my shoulder. '"I warn you,' he said. ' Be civil to my lady, or you will find yourself in a hornet's nest.' "' You are more fool than knave,' I replied. ' Speed swiftly back, and take my lady home to my lord.' " I myself sped quickly back to my hat, with a feeling of curiosity mingled of pity and contempt for the fair creature to whom I bad given shelter. ' What she is to him and he to her is none of your business.' These words' seemed to brand the woman with shame. " But when I saw her. sitting at my table with .an expression of deepest sadness on her face, pity only filled my breast. . Trnly she was fair, and innocent, and pure" minded unless nature lied. Her servant had maligned her. "'I returned as soonS£ I conld,' I said; ( I will stay outside the hut if you wish it.' *" Why should you do that ?' she asked, with a wistful look. " 'I am not generally a favourite,' I said bluntly;' my shape is against me.' "' You are to be pitied for it.' " Her plaintive voice brought tears to my eyes, and she, observing them, asked me to pardon her. " ' You have seen misfortune,' she said. "'The bitterest; but I have lived through it. It is not often that man or woman, looking upon me for the first time, have given me greeting as kind as yours.' "' I, too, have seen misfortune,' she said with a sigh. ' Do you live here alone ?' "'Yes.' "' Have you no kindred ? Are you utterly, utterly alone ?' " 'No', I said softly,' I have a child.' " She turned from me with a sob of grief, and for a little while no further words were spoken. 1 wondered to see so young and winsome a woman in such trouble, but life's storms spare neither high nor low, rich nor poor. It occurred to me that her sorrow might have some association with a child, and I was abont to ask her, when I noticed (her left hand being angloved) that she wore no wedding ring; so I refrained, and waited until she choose to break the silence. "' You have a child! How happy you must be ! A girl ?' "'Yes.' "'I hone, not'—— But-she stoppoi suddenly, and bit her lip, with red blood showing on her face. "' No,' I said, ' not like me. She is well formed.' " ' I am glad—forgive me.' " 'There is nothing to forgive." "'Love is expressed in yoar voice. You would not like to lose your child.' "' I should not care to live withoat her.' "She shivered, as though she were cold. There was a fire in the hut, and I urged her to draw nearer to it for warmth, bnt she refused. On the table, imbedded in earth, lay some shoots of the dream flower. She asked the name of the flower, and I told her. "' The dream flower!' she said, in a low tone. ' Does it really make vou dream ?' "' It has in it qualities which induce sleep, and, sometimes, happy dreams.' "' Ah!' she sighed. ' If I conld dream my life over again! Of what might have been! Of lrve so sweet and beautiful, of love so base and treacherous! I should commence with my childhood, and I should linger there, among calm and happy days. Let me think of them, let me tbink of them, and of those who loved me! If I conld have died then, with loving hands clasping mine ! Bat it was not to be. I was doomed to live and suffer. Father, sister, child, torn from me,' " She had risen, and was standing by the side of a shelf on which was the baby's shoe I had fonnd in the hut on my return home. She took it from the shelf, and pressing it to her lips, burst into a passion of blinding tears, and sank to the ground, crying:— "' O, baby': baby ! O, my heart! my heart!' [ To be continued.] 