THE TOURIST. A WALK FROM MELBOURNE TO ADELAIDE IN SEVENTEEN DAYS. [By Ulysses.] No IV. Id my last chapter I recorded my arrival in Ararat at midnight. The next morning, while my man was continuing his prostration at the shrine of the drowsy god, Mr. Tewson, my oblig ing host, drove me round the town and showed me tbe sights. The appearance of the public places from the outside was elegant, though plain and substantial withal, while the iasides were every thing that could be wished, and the courtesy of the various principals to whom I was introduced most gratifying. Some years ago thousands upon thousands of people flocked to Ararat, and were more or less successful in finding gold; bat the supply did hot last as long as was expected, and all the people gradually went away, but the evidences of their stay are very apparent. For miles round the country is dotted with up heavals, of which those thrown up upon the sea beach by the little crabs would be a miniature. A marked feature in one end of the town was the Chinese camp, through which I wandered on foot, whilst my kind host waited for me at an appointed rendezvous. I had never seen a Chinese camp before, so that the sight struck me a« being remarkably novel. The frail though cool and also watertight houses looked for all the werld like a series of closely connected erec tions like those built by a child of some elabo rately architectural turn from a pack of cards. The materials about the houses, the queer nature of the goods inside the shops, everything, to the very cats, seemed Chinese, Here I also ■aw Mongolian women and children for the first time. The ladies were some of them plump and well-to-do.looking, and their dress was decidedly striking, giving one the idea that they had been interrupted at, the three-quarter stage of an ordinary British damsel's toilet. The children were simply amnsing little comical second editions of their parents, and their peculiarly nasal and penny trumpet voices differed only in key from that of their elders. The people about here and elsewhere along the road spoke well, on the whole, of the Chinese, and contrasted them very favourably, not with our sterling re spectable skilled artisan or workman (however poor), but with the loafing and arrogant class who are to be found roaming about tbe country, and wbo are also to be seen lolling and expectorating abont the corners of tbe prinoipal streets in tbe various Australian centres; One woman reiterated what has been elsewhere said about tbe cheapness of the labour of these people. " For five shillings a week, a Chinaman will keep your house neat and clean ;attend well to a little plot of vegetables, and mind the baby." It was.late in the afternoon before we wished adieu to' all the I jolly people of Ararat, and struck out for Stawell, lying aome twenty miles distant, but the evening was delightful; and the moon's fnll lamp hung largely looming andpto misingly in tbe eastern sky. Two or three miles oat of Ararat we met a rolliokingelection eering party,, returning, in a- trap with their • man1' contesting the district with one Gaunson, ■who -is described as the Victorian Ebenezer Ward, whatever that mav go for. GannBon I had met when I entered the hostelry at Ararat at midnight, and he was pleased to say that having met me he meant to get tight. I took his word for it, but after discussing a "nightcap," with perhaps a couple of strings, I turned in, not relishing the reflection upon my sobriety. The gentlemen in-the trap who I had seen in Ararat in the morning pulled up, and alternated the praise of their candidate with the repeated and vigorous application of their elector persuader-all round. The exube rant and local enthusiasm about "oar man," however, strikes a footsore stranger as being rather monotonous, and so, after undergoing a partial dislocation of the shoulder by means of.the application of some very moist palms, for several minutes, I was allowed to proceed on my way, as did the excited citizens of Ararat on theirs. We here passed through a beautiful country, good, hard, and slightly sandy roads winding through picturesque valleys clothed in Urge timber of various and graceful foliage. We :i id been advised to visit Borne fine vineyards abo it here, near to which were some very capacious cellars, but, time being an objeot, we were obliged to deny ourselves the pleasure; but all along this part of the road we noticed in the eccentric bearing and frisky capers of the free and enlightened electors the effect of the stimulating progress of the rival candidates. However, i march of about' nine miles brought ns near to the Great Western Hotel, and at this spot a man who, walking rapidly, had entered the main road by a side one overtook ns. I enquired the exact distance to the hotel— but breathing bard, as his arms went like a windmill, he stared wildly, and said, "Yes— Gaunson," and passed on. At last we got to the hotel, where every living thing be tokened an entire state of "Gaunson" or "Wood," I think was the other gentleman's name. I had had only just time to let some of heaven's fresh and pure outside air into the foetid or electorate atmosphere of a room adjoining the bar, and had just begun to ease my aching shoulders of my heavy kit, when in rushed the Woodites and the Gaunsonites with a confused jumble of bottles, corkscrews, lists of voters, &c.;, &c.; It took some time to ex plain our " unenlightened" state, when the excited crowd left us, bottles and all, evidently looking upon us as poor Andersen's " ugly ducklings," but even then, whilst enjoying our subsequent meal, an elector wonld rush recklessly up, and, waiving the ceremony of an introduction in the exigencies of the moment, insist upon ex plaining that if they had only got Scroggins to stand he would have split up the votes so that Wood couldn't possibly get in, and I shall not soon forget his face of disgust when I explained that I was goiDg on by moonlight and couldn't stay to hear Gaunson's speech. He gave me ap as a hopeless idiot after that, and wasted no mure breath upon me. At tne point ot starting l missed my servant, and, looking about for him, found him in great trouble. Not understanding electioneering English, he had inadvertently committed him self to the impropriety of promising to vote tor both parties. However, I managed to get in befere the death, and just in time to save him from being torn asunder. We arrived at the populous and well-built town of Stawell a little before midnight, after having had a rapid tramp of about twelve or thirteen miles after leaving the Great Western. We put up in the com fortable inn of Mr. Simpson, and after a welcome bath and capital breakfast buckled to again. Stress of time unfortunately prevented me from examining the town, which evidently contains some very superior buildings. It was also a matter of regret that I was thus prevented from going down and inspecting the very deep gold mines in and about this place. The diamond drill is^ much employed about here. I was shown a long piece of a remarkably hard kind of bluestone about as large and as long and thick as a ruler, of the same size, and it was moBt cleanly cut, hardly showing a scratch on the outside. People swear by these machines here. From Stawell to Horsham the road, leading along the line of telegraph, runs in a long bend past the "Deep Lead" Glenorchy, Lubeck, and Murtoa; but if the foot-traveller is adventurous enough he can save a great distance by turning out north-westwards from the Deep Lead, and cutting the wide angle by walking direct to Horsham, passing as be does so the abrupt termination of the Grampian Kange, the base of the angle so described being about forty-five miles, and the drawback being want of water, and for a considerable length a terribly bad road. However, abont 12 o'clock, we marched out of Stawell, after having filled my flask with a judicious mixture of spirits and water, and provided ourselves with a few hard biscuits, and taking the main road to the Deep Lead there left it, and maintaining my direction for Adelaide due north-westwards, turned out at a little store belonging to a Chinese family, and, taking the dreaded short cut,pIuDged into an apparently interminable and dreary bush, which was simply a howling wilderne f i sticrmany miles not a living thing was seen b ci could a sound be heard, Bave at intervals the monotonoos and discordant cry of some bird which I had never seen before, and which my weary and sleepy companion amus ingly said seemed to ejaculate nothing but " Ballarat," "Ballarat." I had first heard, although I had not seen, the same bird in the vicinity of Ballarat, and when I thought that it was a common thing among savage tribes to name places according to tne sounds made by animals in their neighbourhood, it struck me that there was more in my servan'ts remark than he perhaps thenght for. There is something very dreary, very peculiar, and perhaps weirdly, this walking in the blazing enn through the silent waste of an Australian bush, and yet there was something not at all unpleasant in it, especially to any one endowed with the delightful faculty of peopling the surrounding objects with the beings of fancy. The silence, as I have said, was so un broken and so intense, and the dreamy moontide repose so perfect, that it was not at all difficult to imagine the guarded recesses of the um brageous old eucalypti the peaceful abodes of their attendant dryads or oreads and all the pleasant etceteras of a playful conception. For fifteen long miles from the Deep Lead to where we supped at eve the road kept on and on along a perfect sandy level without the slightest undulation or, with the exception of a small rut wherein was some welcome rain-water, without the slightest break. At length, as the slanting sun cast the long shadows of the gums across our path like so many ghosts, a " change came o'er the spirit of my dream," and nature, as if to make up for her late uninteresting display, suddenly spread an enchanting, or at least, comparatively enchanting, scene before our eyes in the shape of a comely little cottage, with a log fence round it, squatted^ cosily on the lower ledge of a green and sloping hill, and overlooking quite a broad stream of very clear water, spanned by a strong and rustic bridge, which was also not without its own peculiar charm. Seated on a rough bench- in front of what now proved to be a little inn,Jf quaffed my pint of ale, and leave to old smokers ta imagine the silent concentration of attention bestowed upon the subsequent pipe. Werested an hour or so, but before I attempt to describe the terrors of the road by night on a head I must breathe awhile. 