A GHOST STOEY. In these days, when ghost lore Beems to be fast vanishing into space, it may interest some of my readers to hear the following story as it was told by the individual concer ned, a rising diplomatist, in a pleasant con tinental t°W& vhat I happened to, visit. " Tou Till remember,' be said, " that on my return here after my marriage, we took a small house in one of the principal streets, not by any means an old building' or in any way different from the ordinary run of houses of the same size. It so happened that atter we had settled ourselves I was obliged to be away in England, leaving my wife here alone. On my return she mentioned to tne that she had dreamed four or five, times running the same dream, and that it always took place when she had been in bed about an hour, She was not in the least nervous atiQut it, nor gave qie the surliest hint tftat she sus pected anything out of the common. About thr^e days' qfter our con Jersatfon, we were dressing for dinner, and the door leading from my dressing-room to my wife's room was open, when she called out to me : " Is it not curious I feel exactly as if tbere was some one in the room with me ? Are y>m still dressing ?" I replied that X had never ! left my room. That night, afyo^ly after going to bed, I distinctly s^vy 3 little old man, with blonde. ce'ndr£. beard, coma into pur bedrooni and walk through into my 4ressitig room. The fire was burning bright ly at the time, and also a rushlight ai the further end of the room. I jumped quickly out of bed and came behind the figure, which , was standing at my dressing- table as«l was perfectly «isible from our room, saying: * Come, I have got yo.il now !* As yon know, I am a pretty, strong-minded individual and he,fe never'bad inuch leaning toward 'spirit ual Fancies,' even when a medium has ti^id most of the spectators entranced ujs jjjep* formances; l>ut I confers 4 ^.a.4 8 bad moment when the figure instead of giving a on the head or begging lor ffleiey. adopted the more ucusua,! course af vanishing altogether. I said iiu^i/45 >s my wife about the affair; bq| nest evening, at very nearly ib$ same time, iu walked the figure s^gaurand stood iu the doorway, between the two rooms, looking at us. I woke my wife, and we both had a good stare at him, and in about two minutes he walked I,*? is sorely through the doorway o^t of ajgkfc. Personally speaking, I don't cari; ao<s often, tbe geaile maii cuines. l$y~ v?ife, also, ig averse to leaving a comfo.i table iicmse on account of what sne i$ pleased to term * a bogey,' so we have never (Slaved, and from time to time our o.ld friend appears and goes through the same performance.- I have made enquiries from some neighboring shoj.-keepers, and Horn toy description I hey at once ret^guised the figure I saw as the foreje? owner of my house, who died same ten or twelve ««« ago. London Tmth. The Lord Mayor of Dublin has stated that the distribution of relief to tbe distressed poor in Ireland would have had. to, be sus pended but for the prc,inp,t "liberality shown by tbe Australian Colonies. 