THE FAT MAN'S TIP FOB THE PENOLA RACES. HANDICAP. It would be an unpardonable presumption on the part of a nonce in racing matters, like myself, to attempt to coach sporting, betting, and other knowing individuals as to the merits or demerits of the various animals that will contend on Wed* nesday aud Thursday next for the good things provided for them by a liberal and enlightened public. The many uses to which that noble animal the " 'orse" can be put to, either living or dead, is so well-known that it is "unnecessary for me to dilate upon tho many excellent qualities it possesses. It is, therefore, sufficient to state, for the information of the unlearned in these matters, thnt there are various descriptions of the animal named. Looking back through the long dim vista of timo wo como to that height of childhood's ambition to be master of * the graceful " rocking horse" with flowing main aud tail, and whose riders knew but little of " pulling" or " plungingand it' iff a melan-. " choly reflection to speculate upon, that eo much of both is known in the present day. It must, be obvious, however,, even to the uninitiated in horsey matters that such important, information and " tips" as the following could not be obtained or given unless by a long and close attention to the performances of the different animate j con« sequently, should my prognostications prove correct, and any individual benefit thereby, "ha will, I trust, not fail to romember " Yours truly, F.C.," in his prayers. Forty Drops by Long John out of " Lochaber." The old horse is in the pink of condition, and reflects the greatest credit on his trainer, N.EC., not having on ounce of superfluous flesh about him. Although possessing a most intellec* . tual looking head, splendid chest, and standing, well on his feet when hard held, like the major* ity of the Long John family, he is apt to get ». little groggy about the knees after a short run ning. The old fellow has, however, plenty of go in him yet, and should the weather not be too ".wet," it is just possible that the Long John blood will ba at the post or thereabout at the time of starting. Any further information about the old horsed health can ba obtained by dropping a line to " Mymarian," P. 0. W. Young Alfred-Old Alfred-Alfred da.-Like most of the Alfred family, he is rather a nice« looking animal. He possesses oao great quali fication-that when tired of running he walks, a most important consideration for horsey men to be made acquainted with ; and although like his great namesake, "A. was an archer that shot" at a frog," ho is not to bo despired, and tbosa interested in him should look at tho board after the numbers are hoisted. Slueskin - Prussian Blue - Indigo.-Thia animal belongs to rather a curious family, from tho fact that if a horse looks blue nt the starting point ho iB likely to look "bluer" on his return, particularly if he should happen to be pumped out. There is, however, oao thing in his favor ; he is well-connected, being nearly related to tho celebrated " Little Boy Blue." This horse must not be confounded with any of the "dark " blua family, ob he belongs essentially to the "light" blues that always run straight and aboveboard. Backers might do worse than put a note or two on the "blue one." Yorick-Sterne-Tristram Shandy-" Alas I . poor Yorick." Ten. times in a day hoa Yorick'a ghost the consolation to hear hin monumental inscription read over with such a variety, of plaintive tones as denotes a general pity and esteem for him, every one ao- they pass ex claiming, "Alas I poor Yoriok, " Key to fore going-6a. sweep- place names in hat-shako well-first and last names drawn will prove first and ocoond hcrroco l " HURDLES. Dollar, by Greenback out of Yankee Doodle. . Dollar will be all there when wanted, and will make his " Mark" during the meotinjj. Too Late-Always Behind-Never-in-Time. Fire King-Wildfire-Spitfire. N.B.-Second name drawn in sweep will he the winner. RACING CLUB HANDICAP. Robin Hood-Little John-Maid Marian. You are not what you were, Robin; you once were blithe and gay. What lias made so sad a change ? Say, oh Robin, say. Rifleman-Brigand-Bushranger. Matador-Bullfight-Spaniard. Backers can make their own selection.-F.C. Memo-No understand how to put horses properly. 