IsATB TELEGRAMS. Adelaide, June 9. Au influential movement has been initiated to introduce Hospital Sunday here. . An inquest was held this evening on the body of Heury William Wording, who was brought into the hospital the previous night insensible, and died this morning. The inquest was ad journed to enable the police to make enquiries into the matter. L. S. Gordon, land agent, has absconded fiom Adolaida. His creditors held a meeting yester day, and resolved to apply to make him insol vent. A Bill for dealing with disease in catttle has been drafted, and is now under the consideration of the Government. Communication on the Western Australian line is interrupted between Bremner Bay and Albany. Melbourne, June 8. The.House sat until 2 o'clock this morning, whfen the second reading of Payment of Members Bill passed by a majority of 14 votes, being 49 Ayes and 35 Noes, so that Si members voted, the Speaker and Sir John O'Shannassy alone not voting. The Bill was then committed pro forma, on the understanding that onh the second reading be taken. It i3 proposed, now that the large hall of the Exhibition is completed, "to open it with a largo ball, in which eight to ten thousand persons will be (iccommQdated. The ,bo(Jy cf Constable Mulhaney was found in the Yarra, near the Australian Wharf, this motning. There are suspicious circumstances attending the case. Mulhaney was a young and promising member of the force. A watchman heard a splash in the water at 11 o'clock last nighty but could not see anything. He heard no other noise. At the inquest a verdict of acci dental death was returned. . - June 9. ~ Thociaa Folpy,. who was charged with stabbing the'Chinese on Sunday, Las been remanded for a ra, two of the Chinese aw unable, to pp " - *,-L. | John MeXee, .the Collingwood constable who I was charged with assault and robBeiy, has been | acquitted, as there was no case against him. . A deputation, representing the fellmongers of Victoria, waited on Mr. Service, the Premier, yesterday, and represented to Mm the depressed state of the trade and the large number of men out of work. The depression is ascribed to the influence . of. the stock tax. Mr. Seniee said that while he thought the tax a bad one he eould make no- statement while the Budget was nnder consideration, but he promised that the state ment of the men should receive consideration. The report of Mr. Hodges, the Chinese Pro tector, winch has been presented to Parliament, shows that the Cliinese in the colony have been decreasing for the last four yeara. There are now supposed to 'toe about 13,000 in Victoria.* There are fewer Chinese in Australia now than there were at one time in Victoria alone. ; The punishment of larrikinism by the appli cation of the birch rod has bwn brought under the notice of the Government in the Assembly, and will be considered. The selectors in the mallee country are in a deplorable state, and want to- throw up their holdings and take up selections elsewhere. Government Bills have been introduced into the Assembly for the construction of railway works, the destruction of rabbits, and to abolish pensions. ? The debate 'on the Payment of Members Bill was continued last night. Mr. Jones moved that the Chairman leave the chair trith a viow-of stonewalling-the Bill, but the motion wea negatived, on a division,"by an overwhelming majority. Mr. Murray Smith moved an amend ment limiting the operation of the measure to members of the Assembly. Sydney, June£. Mr. Cameron moved a resolution in the; As sembly that the Government should bring in a bill to stop Chinese immigration, but withdrew it on a statement being made, by the Premier that he Was in communication with the-Governmepts of the other, colonies with the view of taking joint action to,restrict Chinese immigration. The Orient sailed yesterday for London, via Melbourne, wilh a large number of passengers. Her cargo includes 882 Sales of wool, 8,000 in gots of tin, 30,000 ingots of copper, 1571 cakes of copper, and 2,800 cases meat. . Trickett' leaves ;for "England /on Thnijrdgy; overland to catch the Orient at Melbourne. The Tumut police on Monday arrested a man on suspicion of. being Joseph Byrnes, the bush ranger. 'Ihey iiave wslch&t; Bim ia long time. Collins, a -Tcrn'tit blacksmith, knew Byrnes when he waa a groom in Victoria, and brought horses frequently for shoeing. Collins poin^cd jiim out amid a group in the R6y$ Hotel billiard room, and says'if. it is not Byrnea ii mast ha his-ghost. The prisoner !s £e^aii'detl ther identification. The atearrrcollier ran on to the Sandy Beach at Bondi, a few miles south of ^Sydney Heads. She wiMuedPasho'^e tifl $ yd&ef;&y; < morning, when she was ioWied off utiinjured, having jetti soned 100 tons of coal. f r * A Sra occurred .Jhejetabbai at rHafkin's Criterion Hotel, Moruya, and Iwo mailTiorBes were destroyed. The fire is supposed to be the act of an incendiary. , The body of a newly-born male child has been discovered in the waterclqset of a house in Bed fcrd-street. > WotaSii';n&fia;&l;"Mary. .Day has been oh 'shspiciori of being'the mother of the child. Perth, June 6. " The ship Batoe Bassiei, laden with sugar from Java to Melbourne, stranded lOO miles westward of Esperance Bay. Twenty-two persons were on board, including a Malay crew, all of whom were laid up with rheumatism. The Goyernm entare treating with the schooner Agnes, ?now'- at King Georges Sound, to proceed to the wreck, at a cost of )£lp0. . ,: . l; } Mrs. Boldt, wife of the oaptain of the Moor burg, now expected'at Freenjantlej wills hayei presented to her oil arrival by Goyefnor ^ Bobin-, son the silver medal of the National Shipwreck Society of New South Wales. It ia ;propossd-to- incorporate 'Perth as a mayoralty.' .: A = ;-t S. M. Stout, the editor* of tte Victorian Ex press, has been committed for trial on a charge of stealing .newspapers. ; j Brisbane, June 9. .1 '& " sale of 'unexpired1 leases ^&iiin;£) in the Wprrego, Burke, Xeichardfc, Kennedy, i Maranoa, Mitchell, and Gregory districts was held here yesterday." The attendance was large, and the bidding-brisk. The price per acre realised varied fromlOs. to 48s. . J ' A man named Frederick Allen, while boring on the Lord Byron claim at Etheridge, on Sun day;1 accidentally fell down the'shaft and was killed. There is great excitement in Bockhampion at the efforts of the Opposition to stop the'texten-: sion of the Central Railway. 