THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD The annual session of the Synod of the Church of England in the di[?] of Adelaide was opened by, The Lord Bishop the Right Rev-<*> Dr. Short). Peter's Cathedral. North Ade- tiSAe, on Tuesday morning,' April 27. when holy anmmiminn —«. pflimwintarHll tn a Ulge number of the clergy end to members ofthe laity, in cluding a' few If^i"* After ihe "Mi"""!"" service His Lordship delivJKed his. pastoral address, as follows:— Dear Brethren— The Synod.—When I addressed yon last year . the Synod bad reached its twenty-fifth annual session.. A quarter of a, century had olapnod, during which the principle* on whioh it waa founded,"and the provisions by which its pro ceedings were guided, had undergone several severe trials, but came out of the discussion un impaired, with-perfect freedom of debate, save "liberty restrained by order," the Bishop, clergy, and laity had met annually, and venti lated their complaints and opinion*. Very rarely had the independent action of each been secured by recourse to voting by orders. In do single instance for twenty-five years had the Bishop felt himself compelled to withheld his concurrence and exercise a. veto. We may say then. I think, that an institution, at that time novel in its kind, consisting as it did of lay synod smen, in addition to presbyters assembling in council with their Bishop on equal deliberative terms, and tranquilly from year to year ** tilting counsel together for the support f*"^ extension of the ordinances of our church, the * management of its property, aad the maintenance of wholesome discipline"— this we may say (I think justly) is ground for devout thankfulness. Hor is this perhaps to be wondered at, when the original principles of the synodal ecmstitutum' received the sanction of Archbishop Scunner, and were revised by the late Serjeant A. J. Stephens, perhaps the most deeply read ecclesiastical lawyer of the day. It is not unworthy to note that, while the Convocations of Canterbury and . York, not representing the gnat body of the parochial clergy, nor the laity in any shape, have lost to some extent their ancient inflnPTny \ so that Church Congresses have been convened in order to give frasr vent to tie opinions both of the clergy and laity, a, still nearer approach has been made to the system of colonial churches in the aEdooesanOoirfs*enbes? whionnawof late been m^grumu>A by Aiste**mft. bishops. Amid conflicting schools of thought, the "mind" of the whole church on the ** taming" questions of tiie .day -may thus be gathered through full discussion jn those wiiww^ assemblies *in the several dioceses. The threefold constitution of the Apostolic Church, as exearplied in toe ~ Council at Jerusalem, where theapostles.eldera, and brethren met together to consider the ques *MffH t^niHa mimimaiiai^ iq y^jH fining oft^Mjii to admit free'disoussion *Ln*mm) Mmnngh to reconcile it with deferenoe to authority. Under the Holy Spirit may our Synod so be guided. Synodal Compact.—lbis diocesan church, though not as in England by law established, but based on voluntary sompaeVis competent to regulate its own internal affairs. That compact is based on this principle, viz. r— B The A^f^mtk AAJn^o jinA maintain th# 4iM*fc"«w s?id sacraments of Christ as the Chares of England receives the same, together with the book of common prayer, and of ordering bishops, priests, and deacons.** On this solemn agreement, made .at the time when jurisdic tion by letters patent from the Crown was judicially declared to be.aftrc vira, a com pact made between the bishop, clergy, and laity as members of the Church of England, a large amount of property was then and ainoe has been placed in trust far their benefit. The Synod, incorporated under the Act of 1858, holds in trust a large portion of it in perpetuity. Thus is avoided m** inconvenience and expense of renewing local trustees, and the danger of trusts i«f"if; Both compact and property thus come under toe protection of the civil charts. By union with the general Synod established at Sydney, 0ct0ber.33,1872, "the Church of England" is defined to mean the "Church of «"gi«id in Australia and Tas mania." The I*ws Eodariastieal.—lt has been assorted publicly that there is no onftl?siaatiwal judge is this colony. Tbe Ctraroh of England bare not being established by law, has of course na Court of Arches; nor do the members of the Church of England import with them the whole law ecclesiastical. By the compact, neverthe less, whenever any clergyman is charged with any of the offences stated in our synodal disci pline regulations, aod.on being found guilty, is sentenced to auspenaiDn or deprivation of benefice, a right of appeal lies to the Supreme Court, which can annul or enf ore the sentence pronounced by she bishop under thecoatpaet. That court, however, will be bound by the decisions of the rymlerastiaaieoorts at home and the decisions of the Privy OonneiL Mode of Procedure.—The facility of proceed ing against any alatgjiiisn supposed to be gsiHyof an esalnriastieal offence is great. If two communicants in any of our congregations certify tbeir belief that any two other members of that or another parish prefer ring a charge in writing against the officiating clergyman of any church are worthy of credit, the bishop* bound, "if it he matter «f enfi eio?liaportanee I'to refer the charge to-a com mittee of enquiry, on -whose- report it must be eeafc on for trial or dismissed. Should any false doctrine then be preached, or illegal eere mo?iatisteedswed.offeMavetoenycongregafioii, nothing can be easier than to bring the offender toaeeouai. This■scdeatptosedorebaa,however, been aMakwdy Avoided, while pnbtie prejudice has been stirred up against certain etargymen not named, end with no epeeifio rhstges pre ferred. Tfce bishop is commonly -styled *a father* la Ced. At *is consecration he k adinoaMfceateb.tofeUJwfc-.siiepfaerd.net a wolt-feei them; devour them not!* He is to minister discipline "without -respect of person. 1* He is a judge, aot an inquisitor or a pmawnlm for the church. Under, thase ob> cumatances to take an active part in church party sits ill lean or aaaomstiopa would obviously compromise Us impartiality as a judge. In 1864 abe then Axefabishop of Canterbury waa induced to give personal innntwtne aad eoante nanca to the Chuieh Union. This ted in the following year to the formation of the Church fl-f~^«^—l and thus the national church was separated into two rival camps. I prefer that earnest men of different views should meet in a synod as cepreeentatdves of their parishes, and lairly ilisruias the grievances under whioh they think they labor. One-aided representations wrve only to harden prejudices, and hinder mutual right understanding as well as impartial judgment. 2fo charges against any clergyman have aa yet been made in the manner directed by synod, aad no clergyman her* can be com pelled to answer allegations made against him in any other manner. The Ornaments of the Church and of the Minister.—With regard to ritual, or ceremonial, or vestments, or vessels and utensils, or furni ture to be used in our churches, the decisions of the ecclesiastical courts, and of the Privy Council, are binding in this dioocse as in the church at home, fuel me briefly trace the history of the ritual questions which are still perplexing the minds of many sincere members of our church. They began to enrage public attention in 1850, in which year the Gorham judgment on the baptismal question *"^ the Papal aggression (met by an Act of Parliament ■on the Titles of Sees.) took place. Many years I previously afreet revival had commenced, and : a far deeper interest -taken.- in the principles and doctrines of the old historic Church of England. No one can be surprised at this who remembers'the state of parish churches and parochial worship at the dope-of the great war with Napoleon I. A great effort war, indeed needed to render both worthier of Him in whose name they were instituted. Deeper perceptions of revealed truth, a more awful aenae of God's presence vnth Hkchutch, the maHaetrve feeling of beauty needed a? the worship of the sanc tuary, and greater familiarity with the worship and ritual of the continental churches—all combined to spread and intensify thk revival of seal for the service of God; and if indi viduals acting on their private judgment- in same particulars transgressed the bounds of usage, if not of law, it was and is the part of Christian wisdom to show these men, of un doubted self- denial, holiness, and labor of love, the error of their view, rather than hold up them and their motives to scorn and obloquy. The " Ornaments"—Rubric—Taking ritual to the proper expression of doctrine, the ritualists conscientiously endeavored to throw round both saccaaaents of the Gospel tile sanctity due to ordinances appointed by Christ. It is well-known, also, from the opinions delivered in some important ecclesiastical cases, that many of the most eminent judges (Dr. Tjuabington and Sir John Pattesoa among others) pro nounced the vestments of Bdward the Sixth's first prayer-book to be legal. This revival of disused vestments seemed to others to be an insidious attempt to romanise out church. Anglican Doctrine of the Baohaxisfc. —It may be useful to some at least if I here trace the course which, amid the conflicting opinions of that day on the doctrine of the Eucharist, our reformers were guided to take. They chose what has been called the middle path—between a change of substance in the material elements on the one hand, and a bare memorial rite on the other. Bejecting tranaubstanttation, they did not accept Luther's dogma of consubsUn tietion* Heither would they, with Zwrngle, allow file Holy-Sacrament to be .the bare sign, the unreal -figure pf an absent grace. Hooker and Bishop O*4an aw tip soundest expositors of their doctrine; and, etUl later. Bishop Kan. inhisiitstnictiaMto^stiiolatsof'Winsheeter College. Hooker explains rtiiM the text "This is my boey:"_«This fcifiowed (eoasecrated) foodftniDugn concurrence of 'divine |?we«vJs isi verity and truth nnto faithful reeeiven iaptro* mentally a cause of that mystical partiaipatioa . whereby, as I make myself wholly theirs, sol give them in hand an actual iiwinnonimi' of all such saving graos as my «.«-i«-H body'eaa . yield, and as their souls presently need." To this agrees Bishop Overall's answer In eW' Catechism to the question—"What is the in ward part or tfcbjg. a%atfied in tiie X&cXs; Supper?- A.—"ThVboSy andlleedof Christ, which are verily ana indeed token and received by file faithfuT-tA. in verity and tm?i by faithful receivers, aa said Hpoker. This v farther explained at the end of Ifaia^st. the hMrd> concerning thTW?iMa^"Loofc np with faith span tho hob/ body •odUDoldC j thy God: marvel with rev?teuee, toachit wtSk thy mind, receive it wife the hand of thy heart, aad take it fall/ with toy inward mm#Z. ;.<„ in the words of the office itaeK, ■? Feed aa Him by faiti Witt thankegivihg.'* I*aUy.. Bishop Sen expressed bis ?->fa"^* thus:— bO God Incarnate I how ttie bread and the wine, nnchanged in tbeir substance, become Thy body and Thy blood: after what eitrai?frti. nary manner Thou who art in heaven art pee- . tent, throughout the whole sacramental action, to every devout receiver, 6c, &b;_ I can by as means comprehend; bat I firmly believe all Thou hast amid, and I firmly rely en Xhy omnf- ; potent love to' make .good Thy word.*?'.. tntra-B?u?JiBt View.—The jiltovrftualtst, . who deriTcssome support from feawsfoe theo logy, goes beyond this, and affirms OrcfT after constfcratson of the elements tf— ijii^fl^i ■■■fci| tnal body of Christ is oiywjisSji i^iUfm?g''• presort in tkem on Ac tdlnr. He believes.Qiat m tie outward visible element then is a heavenly gift given to us of God. This gift is in the Sacrament («, the outward sign) by virtue of its consecration. It is there iuuaiiuutiiixt our faith and love.—Obo-t* QjurUrfw Bemtm, ?o. 17, viiL ix^OotoVr, 18W, si. 211 It should be noted how far. this goes beyond the prayer of consecration in the office of one Prayer-book. There the celebrant offers As prayer—"That we, receiving Zby creatures of bread and wine, according to Chriser hobr . institntinn, in remembrance of Hw deatri aad passion, may Le'partakera of Pds mostbrecioas ' nody and blood." No change in the elements themsdves U hereino>atad,bqt, liketfaeday and water to the eyes of Sb& blind nan at Sitoam, the bread and wine .beosmeinstrarnents conveymgadivii^andsuperaakiralgraee.'' The Vestmenbi, Ac—Oonslstaatiy win W? view, the wholecyole of ajtra-ritnsliat reartitng and ceremonial is introdnced—eacrifiee, attar, . priesthood, enehanstio adoration, deration of the paten and cup—all intended to indicate -anch a presence at the £onTs table and in or behind the veil «r farms of bread and wine as when on the Meant of Trans figura*jflu He was manifested to the One appatlet. Peter, Jamea, ««d Ate. The rest menfa of Edward the Sixth* Sot pray«s>baak. . the alb and chasuble, Ac, were thus adontaa, . iega«dlrMOf.«SeM* c H!Wtealie*cMA?&ri;? of Ac members olthe Chsroh of tb&STl;* - has been pleaded [see -the Ohovk Qmmrtmh £cne?of January, 1880J that the clergy wlte so acted "passionary longior afaa tastaca tkm of the beanty and dignity ot worship." It would have been more candid to amy tiw . wish to express their belief that "after conse- , cr&tion; there is in the elements by virtoe of . such consociation a .heavenly gift, the giori- . fied fiash of Christ' So, in apito of danse from aj>. U6B to 1840. the Edwardian *est menta began to be resumed. Tbeir legality was at once questioned. But only lately has the Privy Council, on appeal in the ease «t Croftoa r. Jtidoaato, proaounoed them i?egaL Unhappily come of the clergy atid deem itthev - dntytorefose^eabmissiontothelaw abas de- . dared. Whether that judgment wfll undergo . further«eraakmXkaowaot; butaUmustregret that aayjninister of high ebaraeteraad derated x?sl shoeld bring Umself imderthe penalties of the Uwes interpreted by the highest Court of Appeal under tbeOrown of Xagsaad. The Jndgment.-^t may net be useleas summarise tne reMamng ay waien anat judgment was arrived at -First, there is the admitted Act that from the fear *j>. 1588 down to 1840 no minister celebratms;4keHorr Commndon ministered in what are eaUed the "Bdwardiaa vesbaonta," vhl, a white alb plain, with a vestment or «ope;aad ter • the assistant priests aad deacons albs with tnnialea. This isag dtseaa Car 37a year*, it atppcaWcd to tiw jadkul ocMDnufctoo* irwii^ - - <nuy fas •aafloomtod sotf fey cf Imp^ hanng ocraahmed aad conl?aded eueh gaaaral ; disoseof dresses arenouab/ ieaaL DaSartha Aotef Uaafarmitynof TTliialiinV chap. .8, the Crown had been isaiisarwad to. aAe crhur crdat aboattbein to secure oeifari??ty'. A i 11 elf letters patent were iavaH, tmpdOag aad enjoining Barker, ac Miilua.wlissii.gy whose : adsiceQneea Blisabstit warn to sJDt)4£*«aane ordata saicht be taken," as that thuwsjiwat the "whole Mafan the aanpla mighl iiaslillj aery : - QodiAtmth.connarajaaity aari gaso?s Vlaw*. npan Barker, "jwish ta* assent andfawseataf , thaaiabaasr <wha wareahw«ietamiistaners far ahajnrpase Mte«e Act). pat farth «iese " Jii Ji— TIISIM*" M^Mfc^wl " JmTSri^^M^^il? ™■■ ' "for the time." TtejAxehkasbap aieaso<ar waa oajoi?sd by the- aofrasM ia aha aamsv of the Qneotxto eaforaetfaean byiia ow saiUu : poKtstaEam^write*?? wai in anini ilium a-ilfi • <JMtmti6*H.M&?htti^^m^ *, taaughttfcy - never neaived the aign-ejaoaal aortfaasraat seat. Jaeyiteotaaai nwijariea, he.eieylssrf Se?xtne. in, the jafijsaiait.. aoiaas out tfcat ■ Hoofcor, Bp. Aadl«s?.DcvjOrf all (sfbamddad the doetriae ot the fliiMMiti.la the <hte. ? *biw^>,l^L*^?^ g£ ahesa Him*. Tlieywereiwaieaiiattiiriiaasoiiaoa, anaoriatdby the latimi utaaHaf ■ Taihw J, : under the Act of ctapnaaaey. She Prayer- ' book of James I, after tte- Hamatoa Court riiiiifiiiiiiiiis. wan in inn, lint mi nal mills Laad, K>w,aadaannrirft > aUactedontti?lawae lsijiiimn l>j ?)? ailiistiawmaisi TnePraver. book of James X. was re&tuied; to nse:ia. IMS^. when the clergy were reinstated in their churches. Moreover, the Act of Unt&rmity; of. . 1662, which legalised the present Pnyer-faook, declares in iUXethdanae," that all good laws and statutes regarding Ac Book of *>«— •""••< Prayer should be in TnU force," to. Noehaon wai then made in the vestments nseO, aad the bubopi themsehe? who inserted ttre pnamt ornaments rubric never adopted them. Sbrc« " monstrance waa made by?anereftsiKl tiie non )urors,aDdao the surpfice and hoof eontinueeV to be wed in «>e parish ehnehee as the re cognised legal drees of the elargy. Oopesonty ■ were ordered in cathedral aad co?eftate churches, as directed in tbe first Aet«f Oai fonaity of Edward. This, no dosd*. Waa a. : compromise atawesm tiie faritea aacsf-?a« those who efamg to the old TrrtWshwn «C Sarnm. But it is worthy of wite that boah. tta canons of 1903. which refer to thcAdlitipu . menta moanpnS4, aswaUas theAdisilsiiiaiauU tbemaelves,we?ed«awai npbjtbearchWariops. , bishops, and etergy of theaoural), audenforeed , by their proper authority as aishntif and aasa> t>iffhftrf with the anaple aqncuis?Ooe of tBO Oman Trf if«iilanon to' thnm nna mimnrnHii those who denounce Parliamentary iaterpositiaa in the internal tmfiTjw of abe f^CTTf*!, ***>4 jndgment further poata out £&$* atm> aiente rubric is noO^f Wtore tbanaaotoia. the Prayer-boA wtibntatSt be read in nm junction with Jthe enacting aad cepealiqAT clauses of ibe ActlexsUam|thefrayet>*oogk; and that contemporaneous «|d continuvas aab seqnaat nsaje supplies Oft true'key to ifee other hand, the disused veabnenta arettielegal drees, then for 274 years every bishop, priest, and deacon has been guilty of a breach of the law. Secular State Bdneation.—A* the present time, however, a far more important question tbsn that of dress ought to engace tbe attention of the whole body of the church. That ques tion is, how far a purely eeoular sjatenof State education will tend to form tbe future moral character of the -million.- I have bam at pains to look through the series of (etemvrdary apelling and reading hooka, and I am hound to aa; 0?t. in many pretty «U?ri« they flp cate the fear aad love ot Sod, *s well as the morality of tbe .Ten Oom^jmdmenta, Of Gospel revaaleatmayhow.gver, I failed to eaa *The foTtowingexhtaetfrcte Zashera Oato ohitm, as taaaalatei from that edited by Psatot C*. Xtaeoaore Crome, Skded, 1878,wi1l show the viewi ot Out emtaent -Protestant —Dost tboubeHeve ti«t she fane body eadbleca of Chrirt are in l*e Sacrament? A.—Yes, I believe it. Q.—v?tat mova ftee, then, to believe that? A.-*be wordi ot Chnst-Taka, eat: That is my body- Drmk ye all thereofr That ia my blood. Confession ■ aJsotasghtia thel^rttea^SmallerCateehiam. Abaolntiona? given in the followincfornv-^AsthoabeUevea*^ so be it done mrto And s^aeeogiflfasjpao thai command of our lord Jems Ohtiak, forgive thea thy ems in the name of the Father, Boa, aasl Holy Ghost. Amen.* Q.—Dost thon fcettev* also that ary forgrveness is Ooft fergtveaessf - A.—l do, dear sir, more than eaMal notice. I did not observe the yyifl^ j(f jpfp« fihrirt niniy inti«iiiq<^*i _Oor State education, then, if Theisiio, is not Chris *kaV?o "that after nineteen oeoturies we can eftly n& iihat the civil power, though not per- . eec^ang the church, i* decidedly neutral as regudrnie claims of' the GospeL It is right that-tteOhjeWJ*o people of this colony should deady understand how. their rulers have legi*- ' la^tcd'in regard toOhristian education. The Botuan'OkthoUcs (I speak it to their praise) - bive.TWotved that with respect to. fiwir cbll «evered iromTeligioasdogmafic teaohing. The Christian Brothers and the Sisters of St. Joseph, ■aitft admirable -*eal and self-denial. Undertake titriask.Af supplying the young members of their church ' wtm combined religions' and •eenlar oduoation, . Che other portions of the Christian community, although, glorying in thffc JPuritaa descent and allegiance to the inspired Word of God, nevertheless with •ingular inobnsistenoy boast that they *•"* fought the fight and won ■the'battle of secular «dncatidn—that is to say, of ignoring the Gospel in State education. With few exceptions, suoh ad the Pnltoney-street School and St. Paul's fiehool, those Walk?rville, Taakalilla, Mori atta^and St. Petert Collegiate School, the State ayrtgnhx become. I believe, all but universal. What is the caasa? Unquestioaiblytae *infal of the Church of Christ The various leOgiona h^tw under different 4t nf"*l'"tt^<*n" stand apart. ' Certainly it is not the mission of trie civil power to make known the Gospel to the *lambs of Ohrisfs flock." ret so far as practicable it is wisdom to give help to its being dona. 'Sound religious teanhing will repress <asme and pr?reut vice. But how shall the children hear it without a teacher? Difference of Betigioos VSewsl—As to diffe xenees of 'religious views, surely there is a very large measure of Bible history and gospel truth which all'who call themselves Christians hold in ebmmbn. To that extent, at least, State teaching "might go, and the advantage of the majority should overrule the opposition of the minority. In England, where the battle of «eeulareducation "wm fought and the right! of aecared- chief boarfls of'educa tifln—.Jjondnni 'Birmingham, and other centres ■of jnpulation—have taken steps to reintroduoe CciiL)luic-r«afHn? into the board schoala.,. The' British and Foreign Society has always -curaed'-the Sariptnres, without note or com ment,toberead intteirechools. In the Irish national Schools' selects! portions of the Bible ■are-ieanV The old Sunday catechetical teaching •of the young in the Church of Bngiand dates from its first. Book of Common Prayer in 1&9\. In-the sarvice lor baptism of children the instruction was limited to the Creed, the Lord's Prayer,and the Ben Commandments. What measiare,tiien, of religious teaching is by law allowed in the State ssheols of Sooth Aus tralia-? The reading of Seriptnce is permitted for one-quarter of an hour at least before the time fixed for secular instraetion to commence. £ectarian or denominational comment is pro liibited. the Aetof 1876 says, im clause R, * the ficboolstaay open in the saoming a quarter of *a boorat4eart before the tiawtxedfor seeolar inilimiUuu to oommenoe, for the parpose of -reading portions «f the Holy -Beriptx?es in the Aotboricedor Oouay verewae. The attendance of ehttdn? at«uch reading alnH sot be com pulaory, and so eeetariao or denominational religions teaching shall be allowed in any •efamL- British and Foreign 'School Society.—Thia ap pear* «o be idenneal with tbe system of the •prithh and foreign School system. In the divided i«ligioa> cotutitatioa of o? popu lation I atamk Any - other State system would, be nnaeoeptable, yet some snodifi •atwu nagbt pedaaps be admitted with out contravening the principle of religions equality <n which tbe State system is based. lam sorry that I an unable to state that more than * few, if any, ministers of any ehnrch or denominating habitually avail themselves of this permission. This being the case, I think that the principle of Bible-reading might be earned out by the State school teachers, with the sanction of the Minister of Bdaea tion. I say this the more confidently because I -observe that Mr. John Bright is a "sap porter of the old British school practice of reading a poxtien «f Scripture, without note or comment, in board schools." "If," he cays, "you go beyond this, you will find yourselves in great dH?wiHi—, without doing anything to promote peace or religion." The reading of selected. Scriptures hat also tbe warm approval «f Professor Huxley, and is, in tact, sanctioned by our Act,whichdireob "portions*of Scrip tures to be read. Sacked, also, by afr. Cham bedain't views, «ipmtiii in resolutions of the Birmingham School Board, thmt "they aaw no harm in reading the Bible or ia the learning jot elementary morality." I would propose alien the laUowimr xiUa dt- carrying oat this jimtrijlo .of rriigipos teachi?g saactio?ed in our fJcriptureSelcctaona.—A selection, tseh as that mpand for the Natianal SchooUof Ireland, mad reriiWii imTmtely for the asholara, whether ABfl^ican. Qflenasi fiatfn^Si> &g; PBesbvterians might be nborittod to a rafe«M? of dtdegfttei wWifw^ii Hif) rriigrof** ■S^iaay?a| tabftncoTiooe; A&d; tbe aeleotna, when adopted, aboald noaive the aaa^aieo.asascbocJbook.oftheManster of Bdu tttiom. rhea%attneopeni?gof taescaoois,fac a period act eaneefliag one half-boor before 4he a?i^Mi ;fisad fr^ tiiy ooav&e;??es?ont of ■"*■■!•? ' i«f T||ffjg-_ flic mnf^tt and Ins aanstanta, 4V wnmu •uptored far them, or TBntterad nmuste?S of religkm, cboold cevesently cead mthegeawcalrocm, or separate sefaoolroonii, the jKKBfl^& appcamsea mhc xnsv oay wnsnus sove or eamment kqyuid bmbb veri)al expianatioD. TMf £msa«djiat tae s?seber or Us deputy reverently nad ate Land's Prsyer, the ahildna repeatisg it wJshim?. Cheee would than only remain "elementary morality"to be taught; and how mtfeis be tang** ot wall as by learning tbe ?ff— f> r>T ?..^J—Tft. mffA eateehiaiag in them ? Oaou week they aboald be repeated by all the schatarm. Bonmch.ltaiak.might beooueeded totaeakongwiahl belweof the majority of Ohriatian parents witfcout offeoding (tbe atten aaaas being Talnatary) any one's conataence. Tho?tbe basisof practical rsligion would be laid in oaidng of selected Scriptures, the we of the jprayer taught fey our Lord to His disciples, and she leaning^ heart tbe Ten Couunandmeats. X do not pni this forward as a substitute for tiw.fnUaai of Chrirtia? education by parent* aodtJieiratmiater; bot in this «ountryof pro feamgjCtirietiiuuit mooli be at least a public recognition of Ood :Almigbcy and of tae Chrsstian^itpeiHation of grace. The Bishop of afetp;urne on State Education inVidoria.—lam well ft ware also that ft falls far abort of fiwCbera! proposal made by the Bishop of Mdbonrne, viz. (1) to subiidise Bomin' Oa^olic Bphools, and (2) teqake tUe Bt*(e school traeberp to read ana expound tbe Ssrip *urps rafcpily and monDy, tbsoUtpol commeato «r erptanatioiM being excluded. CJbjertaoa? to the Scheme.—lt would, v ap p&an; to ine.lawer the Gospel into a aimpts Bani?lpfC3}ri?ti*e hauevolence and morality. irtreUgione^drooraUtf ftreindusolublyboond togtttaexbitheow person of Christ. " Wb*? God hss joined together let no man patarander," forjtnataJity would so lose its motive atil cc- Ugka its ttoral power. Secondly, it would place one portion of tfae eommnwity in a more favored po«MD&fesp;?Ut£«du??tim thaa tbe nit. fsbooMfee thankful, therefore, if the scheme alxtve «eggested wereMed In onr State eelwols. Our edtola«on -woulA then ally itsoU with Christiaaay- as well at «hei«m. The aehfsaw in lije-Church of Ohrirt seem to render any ctlier adieme Smpessthle. The large majority of our population would, I hope and believe, accept ft. ■-. ■ PuKenegMteet and other Church of England ScEomt.—Experience, top; lends force to ttiis be?ef. TJfe oread pi proselyUsing ia proved to begroondlees. Pulteney-etreet school (a Oh arch of .Ignjland inrtitation) retains the reading of Scripture, dally at the opening of school in its several rTiinntn. accompanied by explanation by tiie masterarid Tiis a#istant?. There is a special daM eh Friflan on the catechism of tbe Church of England. Mo child is compelled to attend tt? y ' though every one may do so. Daring fifteen'years not more than one parent lias objeetejj to feU child joining the Scripture class —he was tStmii OathoUc. On the first opening of the State model schools the number of •cholars feU from about 900 to about half. Gradually the number rose again to 339, Sep te&fceT.; IJP7B. I* i> now 338, and this in spite of j^bfl^r'lajrge state Hfhft<>l in Flinders-street, auro?posr ph North Adelaide, and one at {for •wopjJL "From January, 1879, to December 31 108 chfidren from the pi^del a&d; other: Btete bclwolb) have found their way to Pdlt^iey-rtieet. Beligious teaching is thus proved to attractive rather tfian repellent. Be>J2e« this jnstance of teligioos Bchooling, Pean, fiojsell^itt bis achooj ia FUnders-stoaet, AtaMyawi? D/>ve at Walkenille, Bey. C. Uene at Tankalilla, )the Bey. t. Field, at Olenelg, aad at Morialta Mrs. Banner, ex yerteaoed no difficulty on the spare of religious teaching. _ Compulsory instruenoa will be zeiutetl; but when the attendance is voluntary very lew parents object to "elementary ficrip tur«teaching"for theircbadren. Optaeooa ixmryffiuy ace tiiankful for it, fin^jwy its benfi £ciaL«fieffts on the cond?ft, language, and utan. cen.jot the yonpg. la-Aeas maUers I am inarmed that handneds of. childcen auembled intiw^ate asbouU are manifestly deficient. yidgrntenr of Clergy.—Among tha other sub jects «f anxious thought at this time is the anpply ■of a duly edmmted clergy for ourjpariabes and missions. We cannot expect an adequate ■apply .from £h.e ""{"wi***— and - **iani«y«?i seminaries of the mother eountey. The increas ing number of channel ahdparishesinHngland* audWalesJa not yet met by a sufficiency of •snob, well-educated priests1 and Seaoons. The , demand is further enlarged by tlte wants and .opening! of seventy oolonial and missionary dioceses) The ties of home are in themselves strong and not easily -severed. Except in the larger towns, or the metropolis of each colony,' there are few parishes or endowments equal to those of the mothef church. Doubtless colonial life ' has .it charms in the enterprise, and energy and faith which' it demands; bat; the educated clergyman may fairly expeot something mere than a bare subsistence. .Enough at least should be secured to place him above the -anxieties of a small and precarious income. If, too, in addition to narrowness of income, the "power of the puree" is'to be dangled before his eyes, a low-toned adi sub servient ministry must be the result, and the Church of England in this colony will never at tract to its ranks manly and intelligent mini sters. Theology and Training.—What steps, then, has our church taken towards supplying clerical education for the youth of the colony, who may be moved by the Spirit to give them selvee to the service of the sanotuary? Private munificence in other bodies of Christians has provided Union College. All honor is due to their effort With die aid of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, I have a hope of commencing a training echos! for theological students and (or chorister boys of the cathedral. The power of sacred harmony in divine worship is signally illustrated by the large congregations of the cathedral, which find refreshment and strength in attending them every Lord's Day. This school, to be named St. Barnabas, received, while I was in England, many donations from retired colonists living in London, and among them my thanks are specially due to several donors not of oar communion. Changes in the Colony.—The revolution now going -on in the tenure and occupation of the public lands of this colony has unsettled ' the meet* and prospects*, of the pastoral proprietors, and not yet supplied the agricul tdrists with more then a "bare return for their capital end labor. Btill, it is all-important that the aspirations of young eokwiat?to serve God in the ministry of His church should not be crushed. If year by year one or two student* in theology eoold be prepared for holy orders, the crying spiritual destitution of ths members of our church in the 'areas or distant mas might be not wholly unsatisfied. 'In so large a country as South Australia, so sparsely peopled, the voluntary system is being pat to a severe test, whether it can supply with any degree of adequacy the ministrations of religion throughout the colony. It is God's - ordinance that they who preach it should live ■ of the Gospel; live, that is, with the ordinary cowenienees of single or married life. At the present time, from the dislocation and dispsrv : sion'ofthe agricultural Deputation, it has become exceedingly difficult to settle resident intrant- ; bent ministers. Hie occasional Tint of a mis sionary fJisplain. on the other band, ia. neces sarily a weak substitute for the care of a house* to-home visiting pastor. We are thns made to feel the blMtng con ferred upon onr forefathers when parishes were marked oat, and a priest was placed in each to minister to she spiritual welfare of the people. God "loves toe cheerful giver." He only can provide tie remedy for the present destitution of the ordinances of religion, by stirring the hearts of the faithful people to provide better for the fdncation and maintenance of the . ministry. Anna all the conflicting political, fftHl. and religions opinions of this day, one thing is cer tain: that whila Eastern mythology or Creature worship, Greek philosophy, and Roman hea thenism have coded in **** rf*'?t"n**nF]iitifln and debasement of the *""— race, the Gospel of Jesus is the uniqne source of whatever is of value in our nineteenth century civilisation. It is the ** aalt of the earth," which has saved **i%t? from utter corruption; which alone has paver to restore him to the innocence of Paradise, or fit him for the true Elysium of Paganism. Brethren, let us not he ashamed of the Oospel of Christ, for it is the power of God auto salva tion to every one that believeth; and "God for bid that I or yon should glory save in the Cross of our Lord JesusGhrist, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world." THB JJUSDTBBB MBBTDTO was commenced at the Church office, Leigh etreet, in the afternoon. The lord Bishop oc cupied the chair, and opened the prQffei*^!"^* with prayer. ■RTODAX. KOIi. The election committee, of which the Eev. A. Bendy was the chairman, f«i?int«il the synodal rolL Mo certificates of the election of ■y?odamen had been received from St. lake's. Adelaide; Bt. John's. Maccksfirid; St. Mary's, Bchonga; 4~flirj n **4pMr T ?fi l g&caihalnyn; and Holy Trinity, Melrose. Any return received after this date would be dealt with by Symd in accordance with regulation not fundamental. No. 9. The synodal roll giving the attonrianre was as follows:— His LowUhip the Bishop ; Holy Trinity, Ade laide, Eev. G. B. Gibbes, and Mean. G. Mayo. W.Gosse,S. Tomkinson, and W. EL Holmes; ChristdinrrbJ North Adelaide. Bey. F. B. CoghUn.BJU,aa4aleasn.D.Qarliek,&Sautb;, J.Sath, and J. Barker; St. Lake"*, Adelaide, Bey. J. Follitt; St. Paul's, arlriairtfi, the Very Eev. Dean EnaseU, BJ>, and Messrs. H. 8. j Antbo?y,K,M.Smith,aod W. Brown; Bt. Paul's, Port Adelaide. Bey. 8. Green, and Meawa. J. K. , Dempster and J. Cleave; at. John*, Adelaide, j Eev. F. 8. Poole. M^, aad Mesas. F. H. Carter andH. CNdham; St. Bartholomew's, Norwood, u~~r. j it ,?«>.m~. .~iJ<i? M nn ~i~* i AU Saints', .Bindrnarsh. St. Margaret's, Wood vflks, Bey. a. M. PoUitt, and Messrs. 3P. Hardy and G. A. Connor; St. Andrew's, WslkertiUe, Yen, Axchdeacon Dora. atA-, and aft—s. , O. H. T. Oonnor and.O. C. Cornish; Sk. Matthew"*, Kensington, Bey. K. Jenkins, and Mesm. W. B. Hull mnA O. A. Wilson; St. George's,- Woodforde, Bey. A- Hooner, and Mr. 8. V. Pizey; St. Michael's, MiUtham. Bey. J. F. Hoctor, M.«_, and Messrs. i B. Hickeon and J. Hill; St. Saviour's,GJen Osmond, Bey. W. H. madie.and Messrs. J. H. j Wiles aiid C. L. Meyer, jun.; St. Mary's, Sooth. road.Ohrittcbnrch, O'HaUoraa Hfli, Bey. F.T. i Whittington, and Messrs. A. Bourt and T.S. i Porter ; tot. Peter's, Gicmdg, Bar. T. Field, MJL, | and Messrs. W. S. .Douglas and A. Spsnee; St. Stephen's, .WiUonga, St. Phillip and St. J«ce£?s,Noariai>ga,Blesen.O.T. Hatxra-eiaad j J, G. Holmes; St. James's, Blairiston, Ohrut church. Mount B«rker,St.Zhamas >s,Balhanaah, I Meesn: E. Al«er, J. T. W. H. Addi sod ; St .Geocg«*o,Gawiec, aev.Oaoon Ooombe,and Mtetfs. 3. a. Thorn'ey and W. *. Lewis; Chrietchurch, Kapunda, Messrs. W. Barlow and W. D. Scott ; St. Mary's, the Bofra, Rev. H.Howitt, and Messr*. F. A.Grant and G. El. C tcblove; St. Jude'6. Port Elliot, Bey. B. T. I Howell, U.A., and Alt. tt. Field; 6t. John*, Mount Pleacsnt, Mr. E. Hatailton; St.Peter>, | Kobe, Bey. W. J. Bassell, and Meuri. H. D. Crtiitedden and W. Pope; ChrUichurch, Monnt Ganibier, Messrs. B. B. Grundy and P. Hal comb; St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln, Bey. J. Orchard, and Meesn. H. Scott and J. S. Browse; Chrjstohurch, VankaElla, Bey. O. W. Morse, Mwl,and Mr. B. Loretock; AU Saints, Moonta, Bey. C. G. Taplin, and Mr. A. Maogeorge; Holy Trinity, Siverioo, Ber^J. Booghto? and Mr, J. Bosw?rth i St. J'ames'B, Glenbaro, Mr, J, Void ; Bmin^ Ohinkfocd, Mr. W. G. Oole; St. Michael*, Bungaree, and St. Barnabas', Clare, Eev. B. B. Wehb, M^, end Messrs. a. W. Qawken and J. 6. Pitcher; St. John's, Auburn, Rev, 0. MT. B*« -kins, and Messrs. J. W? Gaitaae and J, S. Antboy; St.Mary's,Wallaw^Mr.F.B.Barton; St. Martin.. CamnbelltovMlr. H. B. Powner; St.Ann's, Aiding*,Mr.A-Colas; Holy Bvange- , lists'. Goolwa. Mr. O. E. DeMote : Ghrutehurch, K?Qjna,Mr.B.W,MinchHi;Bt.Jude's,Brighton, Bey. H.Williams,andMes«rs.H.Datton,andG. , J.King?bury}St.Psal's,Bhyaie,Mr.WNikolU; Holy Trinity, Lyndoeh, Bey. A. Sells, and Mr. Mr. W. Jacob; St Augostin's, Port Augusts, Bar. F. Richmond *nd Mr. J. Tardiff. The folbnring clergy also bold the licence of the Bishop and are on the roll:—Bey. Oanon Farr, MA., Bey. F. WiUiams.MA-. Eev. J.O. Haynes, Bey. W. F. Marshall, Bey. O. O. Blcom, M.A^ Eev. P. B. P. Dodd, BJL, Eev. W. B. Stanford, y,A , Key. A. Dendy. DJ>. \- STAHDIHG OBDEBS. Standing ordezs for the proiest sefsion of Synod were adopted. BEPOETBE AMB LAT AND rv.K^IfJLT. 6ECBBTABEB3. The Ber. ft M. PoUitt was appointed re porter, Bey. S. Green clerical necre+ary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes lay teepetary.. BLBCTIOV OOMMnTEB. The?eF.Dr.Dendy.the Bey. S. Green, and Messrs. B. B. Grundy, A. Soeoce, and W. O. Scott were appointed the election committee for the ensuing year. EKPOBT ON THE DKK3SB, 1879-89. Tie president read the following report on the state of the diocese:— Death and Bemoval of Clergp.—The early removal from his ministry upon earth of the Bey. W. G. Robinson, late incumbent of St. Mary's, South-road, while deeply felt by his parishioners and the church at large, no leas than those more intimately connectedtirith him, must nevertheless he regarded as a priceless gaia to himself, when we call to mind the bright hope and sbeerful resignation which beamed dayby-dayin his dying eyes. 'The Oharchol ' Ireland and. Trinity College, Dublin, may well be proud of nurturing such examples of high : Christian culture. A purer or more devout spirit is seldom to be met with. The Bey. V. T. Whitingtoa .hat.succeeded to the cure. The Beys. £. O. Spioer aad Henry Berts have ' sought spheres of usefulness ■in other dioceses. The cure of Port Augusta has been filled by the Bey. P. Bishmbnd, formerly travelling mis sionary to the Bishop of Brisbane. To Strath albyn and the Meadows, Bohunga and Maeoles field, no nomination has been made by the Vestries. Missionary Chaplaincy.—The Bey. HerbertT. Hughes, from Tasmania, during a brief sojourn of eight months, f ulfillsd the dulieaof tnis office with much acceptance by the churches of the South-Bast and South-West Districts. The work had been well inaugurated by the Bey. Cation Farr, so that from Border Town to Streaky Bay the churches, townships, and sta tions received a visit from himself and Mr. Hughes. Canon Farr has sinse gathered in a Urge congregation at the Semaphore, with a Sunday-school numbering 181 scholars. The Bey. J. Orchard, whom I sent out from Bug land, ooeupiea the cure and mission of Port Lincoln. To replace Mr. Hughes as missionary chaplain I am expecting ia May the Uev. Bow land Hayward, bom Tasmania; and, on oar old well-known friend the Bey. Pitt Cobbefs recommendation, the Bey. William Graydon Harrison will arrive (0.V.) by the Orient. This will bring tbe number of oar clergy to 46—the largest hitherto employed. Sew Mission Cures.—The extensive district of the South-Kast loudly calls for an additional missionary. Mount Gambier and its neighbor hood are provided fer by a resident incumbent, Dr. Oraig, and by means of ** passage" money granted by the CJLB.S. (one of whose trusts is to " increase thenumber of the diocesan clergy") I hope to appoint a missionary curate in the southern portion of the counties of Kobe and Grey, vix, for Bobe, Beaohport, aad Milliceut, while Kinsston, Narracoor te, Penola, and Border Town will still furnish ample employment for the present missionary, the Bey. W. J. BusselL A second mission district requiring to be organised without delay is that of which Qaora is Che centre and basis, including within its range of visitation the townships of Wilmington, Willochra, Kanyaka, Wirreanda Area, and the stations north and east of the mail road to the Barrier Banges.. A third agricultural ana mis sion, embracing the Broughton Plains, with the townships of Koohinga, Bedhill, and Crystal Brook, is urgently needed. If the members of the Church of Kngland there will cordially work together, and provide a reasonable amount of stipend, no doubt—with some extraneous help— a suitable missionary can be procured. I shall always hail with thankfulness and aid to the best of my ability any effort made by them to procure for themselves the ordioancesof religion. The most gratifying feature in this increasing area of our mission work, and the number of onr clergy, is this:—lt is nut the consequence of an aggressive policy of sectarian zeal, but the bona-fide outcome of a want felt/or the worship and pastoral care, well remembered in tne old parish at home, and of the desire to bring up the children "in the aurtoxe and admo nition of the Lord," according to the old paths; and when this desire and effort i* made, j not by those wbo have realised considerable wealth, but by men who from day to day in various departments of civil life are working for moderate remuneration, it ia a real proof that a true sense of religion lies at the base of their self-denying contributions. But she effective ptogreai of oar church in certain chief centres ot population has been greatly hindered by the want of moderate but comfortable par sonages. I would specify Port Augusta, Port Pirie, and Moonta as settled townanips where parsonages should without delay be built. And in order to efiect this object in these dis^ot places I would propose that the sum of £OJj now placed at the disposal ot Synod, for ernla m ment by the 0.E.E.3., should be allocated in equal snares by way of endowment to (hose churches for the erection of parsonages, on tbe conditions usually required by the attorneys of tie 3.P.Q. ia making grants for •ash a pur pose. No endowment by w*y of iutorcssoa capital invested is at all equal to the hKue rent demanded in new tswna tor the incumbent clergyman. New Churches.—At the Buna a handsome and spacious church has been erected worthy ot this important and populous township, the bu?i nesa centre of a laige agricultural district. At ; Orroroo, Janes town, Mannanarie, Kamcoorte, j and Millioent churchea haxa been built or are in course of erection. Others an propoted at Quorn aad Oaoowie. At YankaKlla a new and more spacious channel has beea built; while at { Walkerville the old nave has been replaced, at an expense of £I^oo,by one in accordance with the improved design. Both in mi?«ir«? aervioei and on church building tbe past year ha* not been unprolific At the cathedral a font, she gift of the Sunday-schools, hat been erected, and a reredos added. Missionary Clergy,—Much of this activity I attribute to the missionary labor of the Veo. Archdeacon Dove in tha North Flinders mission, of tbe Bey. Canon Farr, in his visitation of the whole of the Soutb-Bastecn District, as far as Border Town, and snbaoanently on the west coast as far as Btzaaky Bay. Tbe work was then taken up by the Bey. HerbertT. Hughes in both ooaitara. Toe ased thus sown has plainly boot) -ned, and gives promise of a future harvest. Cranta-ic- Aid.—After axperisicing she bene ficial effects of anafa missionary visitation, a guarantee fund baa bwn voted by the LG.8.8. Society for tbe passage and support of a nli sionarT tcavelling obaplain, a* well as for the clergy to be employed in the dJooass. Bat it is neither possible, nor do I think it, if possible, desirable, to maintain the missionary indepen dently of local aubjeriptuns. Every CaristUn should contribute something towards the wonbip of Jod. Tbe Church of «?ni«nd Hcdovment Society and the attorneys tat the B.P.G. both act an thai rale—"Help your selves and we will help you." It is thus that on forke's Peninsula, from MaiUand to Editbburcb, tbe Bey. W. F. Marshall has bten enabled to maintain a stated course of pastoral visitation; tbe Ker. W. J. Bassell in the South East; and the Bey. C. W. Morse on Kangaroo Island. This plan, I am convinced, must be further developed. The agricultural townships are too numerous and too small to maintain taeh its own resident minuter. The Key. O. O. Eteum as supply chaplain has visited and preached during the past twelve months in the following churches:—Maitland, Ardromn, Jlconta, Wallaroo. Kadina, Two Wells. Mount ricasant, Woodnide,Bt. Mary's, and O'Hallorau Bill. He has also in the city and suburbs k'Ldly lent fan aetjitance at St. Paul's, Ketslngton. Port Adelaide, Htndmanh, Christ Church (North Adelaide), Walkerville, Mufill, Campbelltown, Morialta. and Brighton; • hile in the Cathedral his mJnlrtration*, e«ps' cially in Ltnt and on Good Friday, have been | bieised to the ediScatl?n and encouragement of many, both youngand eld. j CLsritable Ibbtitution*,—Xhe attorney* of t'ue Society for the Propagation of tbe Uospel ever siuoe tbe colonial chaplaincy was *b<>luUeJ have felt it necessary to make granU-iii-aid for divine service at the Gaol, the Destitute Asylum.the Hospital. At the Gaol the tteva. James PoUitt and J. O. Haynes officiate; the Bey. Or. Dandy has charge of the Destitute Asylum; while the Veu. Anchdaacou Dove holds service at tbe Hospital on Friday, aad viaiu the extra-parochial aick members of our, Vertrfc*.—With the exosptfon of St. Luke's Vcetxy, the sUted Baate<\- mectinga of the parishes have been marked toy frienily aad business-like proceedings. Ia masy instances efforts have been made to pay off liabilities and place parochial matters «n a satisfactory ba^is. In offertories, collections, &c.;, the amount re ceived from the congregations has exceedei £11,000. At Moonta, fu spite of the absence of an incumbent, a snm of £390 Ss. Bi. was ' applied in the redactien of debt. Statistics.—Although delay in making the returns has inconveniently retarded their j compilation and just appreciation, I have j the pleasure of being able to say that I on the whole they are satisfactory; in one par ticular only, I mean churehings, they are not. Thanksgiving for a child born into the world, and safe deliverance, seems so natural for every Christian mother, that it is to be regretted this good old custom of the mother church is not universally followed oat. 'The baptized num bered 1,643, mothers churched 318. I hope another mind may prevail next year. Th« con* firmation lists sent to me from April to April •bowed that 574 young persons have been ap ' proved, after personal instruction and examina tion, by their clergymen for that holy rite. The proportion of males to females is not such as indicates a favorable religious condition of our colonial boys. The communicants exceed 3,000; but here again there is ground for anxiety and prayer for an increased number; 6,460 Sunday scholars are taught by 550 teachers. I most notice, also, as I do with great satisfaction, the onduninished prosperity which attends Trinity Cfanrch Sunday-School. For more than forty years this school has been an example to the Bock, and its short Sunday-school services held in the schoolroom afford a pattern which should be followed wherever possible. ,In conclusion, while there is nothing dis couraging in the statistics, I have to record an increase of 802 in the communicants, of 237 baptized, of 50 churehings, of 48 Sunday-school \- feaehers,and tjf 2U scholars; enough to show' thatia -spite of change, death, and removal et- J clergy, pastoral work is still advancing and giving promise of larger increase, so sopp as ths agricultural and seaport populations become 1 moral settled and ministered to byinoombent parish priests, rather than visited by missionary and supply chaplains. AjmuAx bepobt of the stakdino committee. Tbe annual report of the standing eomuuttee was presented. We make the following extacts: —St. Peter's, Williamstown.—The committee recommend that ' WSUamstown be admitted into union with Synod as a part-of the united parish of Lyndoch and WilUamstown, and that its boundaries be (base of the District of Williamstow?. Number of Synodsmen for each parish.—The committee recommend recommend Synod to repeal regulation not fundamental No. 10, in order to substitute the following.—" A parish assessed at less than one hundred sittings shall have one Syuodsman.; at one hundred aad less than two hundred, two Synodumen; and so en in proportion, except that there shall doc be mare than four Synodemen for any one parish." Endowment of Churches.— So n-w endow ment has been made daring the past year, but that of St. Mary's, South-road has bsen in creased by £350, which sum has been paid in under regulation No. 0 of the system tor en dowing churches. The board of director* of the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society haveauppliedaetatemeat (printed elsewhere) of the estimated net iuomeof tbe cociety for the current y<sax, which Bhows that £000 can be paid over to Synod for the endowment of churches daring 1830. Vacant Cures' Endowment—The treasurer has received £36 lls. 4d. from this soureedoring the year, and has made certain payments, leaving a balance in hand of £15 Ids. lOd. land given to Synod.—The committee report with pleasure Mr. O. B. Young's gift of section 116, township of Luanda!?; and Mr. J. Darling's gift of lot 81, township of Crystal Brook West. Tue attor neys of the SP.G. have purchased part section 29, township of Orroroo, and section 44, town chip of Mannanarie, as sites for churchevand have vested them in the Synod. All these pro perties are to be held under the model trust deed. election of standing comnrras, tebasubeb, AND AUDITORS. The following gentlemen were elected by ballot as the standing committee.-—Clergy— Dean Bussell, Bey. 8. Green, Archdeacoa Dave, Oanon Farr, Bey. H. M. PoUitt, Bay. J. F. Hoctor, and Dr. Dendy; laity- Messrs. W. S. Douglas, G.W. Hawkes, W. D. Scott, S. Tom kfauon, H. B. Downer, H. 8. Anthony, W. Barlow, N. Oldham, XT. Gosse, A. Spence, B. B. Grundy, H. D. Cruttenden, and H. Dutton. Another lay member of the committee was re quired, and the votes for Messrs. F. A. Grant and F. Halcombe being equal, the president was called upon for bis canting-vote, which he save in favor of Mr. Grant. Messrs. H. Dutton and W. S. Douglas were appointed treasurers, and Messrs. A. Spence and £L D. Holmes auditors. CXHBOT WIDOW AHD ORPHAN FCXD. The report of this fund showed that the total worth ot the funds was £6,530 7s. 3d., of which £390 7s. 3d. was invested in land and £5.990 lent on mortgage, prodoeing aa income varying from 7to 9 per cent. Tbe income for the year ending 30th June, 1679, was £680 3a, and the expenditure was £232 lls. od., the balance, £420 lls 6d., being net profit. Tbe premiums were, with two exceptions, all paid. One clergyman bad dud, and hia widow had been placed OB tbe list of Annuitants, of which there were now six, all widows. CUULOt AXNCTTT FUND. The report of this fond showsd that the in come for tbe past year had been £ibo ss. Id, tbe expenditure £32 18«. 10d., leaving a net profit of £247 t's. iid, and sabKriptioai and deflations to tbe capital guarantee fund had produced £202 65., which, tigether with, the amount brought forward from last year, give a total of £L,UiO 8s Bd. a« the present worth of the funds. The fuude were invested aa fol lows:—£l4s 15?. in land. £1-360 lent ou mort gage, j ielding sd income varying fros ti to ly per cent^ and £150 los. Si. a*Mtia^ iureaV ment. Tbe r-tanding cooraiUee reo:u ni-inleJ that the com i-f ££0u 18«. rid., which itojj to the credit of income account, be added to the capital guarantee fund, under the power gireu in rule 13.; and that tbe necessary aut'jjricy for doing to be given by Synod. HELAXUSIAN MISSION COUUITrKE. The report of the Melanesian mission com ■ larttee was presented. It stated that darinc the past year the Bishop of Melanesia lauded in the colony for a few hoars on hii return to his diooste, and the Bey. K. H. Cadriugton made his long expected visit from Norfolk Island. The account he gave of the progress of the mission was very satisfactory. There wace seven native clergymen engaged in the work of tha mission, forty schools, and one hundred native teachers. There were in all eleven clergymen engaged in this mission, exclusive of the Bishop and Mr. Oodringtou. The latter, who ia a Fellow of Wadbam College, Oxford, and has been upward* of fifteen years engaged in the mission, has charge of the mission school in Norfolk bland, where about 120 chi}drea are yearly trained and taught. The interest taken in the mission by our s 3unday-ecbool* was espe cially worthy of note. MJCISIV FOB PBOMOTUSO CHRISTIAN XNOWL.BDOC, The report of the bxaucb of this society showed that £15 Ss. Bd. had been raised tor re mittance to this society. WCOHFORATBB CBXBCB OF KNGUND SOTDCrW snurr socibtt. The following rtr*nwisiti was ■obmiitedof the estimated net iaeameof tba society for the year ending 31st December. 1880, aud of the amount that can be paid to Synod during the year 18S0 towards the endowment of ctrareae*: —Btti- mated net income for the year, £1,000. AppU> cation of food—Vote to the toed Bishop for the jear 1880 for missionary purposes and the im portation of clergy, £030, leaving £400; unex pended vote to Synod.for 1879. £500. Estimated balance that can be paid to Synod during 1880, towards the endowment of churches, upon their application and advice that the parish has con tributed its proportion, £000. OOKI-OUATB SEAL. In aoeordanoe with a recommendation of the standing committee, tbe Bishop, Mr. G. H.Farr, and Mr. H. 8. Authoay-were authorised to om th,, common seal of the Synod. UCFHAI. O* TUB FCSDiMtNTiL PKOTISIOXS. It having been found mat the reuaireoients of tho Association* Incorporation Act ot 1853 retyectlrg dome of the rules and reflations of S^rodbadnot been duly complied with, leave was, on tbe motion of Mr. 11. £. Down bk, given to bring in a measure to rrpeal tbe wnoleot' the fundamental provisions of the Synod now exist tsg, aud to substitute new clansea aud articles. The B>Lod went into committee, aud on ra- it was agreed that there shuuld be a V?|! of S^Bjd to pus tbe uew pro- j viriou- on the 11th of May next. On j the in tion of Mr. Dowazit tae whole \ of the regulations not fundamental now existing were repealed, aud the Synod ia cjin mittee kubstituted iv lieu Iberool n«w ciaanui , aud articles. Tiie Synod, 6u resuming, eudorosd j tLe action of tLe committee, rha na* fduda rcbutal provisions submitted d«tlt with Synod, paroeieal orgaaisition, diaeiplina, proaedure, and trusts. TUB PA3VOIUX. AOoa?'S. Mr. G. W. Cawkks, d.M. , proposed—"That Vbe thanks «{ Synod are due to his Lordship the EitKop tor his valuable pastoral address and report, and that th<jy with tlie statistloal retarns be printed on the report of Synod." He said thty must have all been pleased to have heard HU Lordship's instructive and interesting ad dress. The Bey. Canon Coomijs seconded thei mo tion. The Hon.H.ScoTT,M.L.O. 1 saidheregre'tted that tbe Synodal etiquette soarcely permitted one to say as musb as one would like on this matter, but under the circumstances he muss eunteuthimtelf with suppoctiug the motion. The motiou having been carried with ac'amation, the I'itEsiDEST said after having been thirty years amongst them, to receive the unanimous and kind expression of their feeling gave him fresh coursge to cany on his work. As long as God permitted him to do his duty in tbid diocese, which was growing more heavy, more extensive, aad more varied, and was perhaps getting a tax upon his physical strength, with satisfaction to them and to his own causcieuee he would continue to do so. (Applause.) BEPOBTS. Mr. W. S. Douglas moved -" That the re ports of the standing committee, the clergy widow and orphan fund, the clergy annuity fund, the Melanesian mission committee, and the BJ?.CK. committee be received, taken aa read, and published in the report." Mr. G. H. Oatchi-Ofb seconded the motion. The Bey. 8. Green asked what was the benefit derived by the clergy subscribing to the clergy widow fund, asjhe was under the impression that it secured to their widows something like an annuity of £40. (Mr. Anthony-" Yes.") He wonid like to know then whether in the list of the thirty clergymen subscribing to the fund tbe Bey. Sen. PoUitt, of St. Luke's Church, was included. (The Secretary— ** Tea.") Then he supposed the rev. gentleman would not hesitate to receive the benefits of the Synod on the one band, though he slighted the Synod on the other. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) She Fbbbidsnx—As long as the rev. incumbent carries out the rules he will re ceive the benefits to be derived. The motion was carried. ' - nHAKOAI, \- On tbemotion-of the Bevr H. M. Poemtt, teoended by Mr. H, B. Dowwee, 8.W., it was resolved that tbe balanoe-*heet of the treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1880, and | the accounts of the clergy widow and orphan fund, the clergy~annalfy ~fund, tho general Synodal endowment of ■churches fund, and the Melanesian mission committee be adopted, and should be ordered to be printed. VOTES'OF THAKKS.' On the motion of the Bear. S. Guam, seconded by Mr. G. W. HaWXBS, the thanks of Syned were given to the attorneys of the S.P.G.,'the trustees of Allen's pastoral aid fund, and the committees of the Incorporated Church, of Bog land Endowment Society, and the. theological library, for their accounts, reports, and statis tical returns, and that they be received end published in the report. . . . ASSESSMENT OF SiKODAt EXPBjfsES. It wsis resolved that the assessment forSy nodal expenses should be as proposed by the standing committee. — ICLBBGY WIDOW AKD OEPHJIIT FUKD. Tbe report of the clergy widow and orphan fund was adopted, and it was decided to employ a ptofessionafactuary to report upon it. clbeot AinrciTr fund. Mr. E. B. Grchdv moved—'• Tnat the clergy annuity fund report be adopted, and that in ac cordance with tbe recommendation contained therein, the standing committee be authorised to add the sum of £30tt 10s. Bd., being balance of unexpended income on March 3Ut, 1880, to the capital guarantee fund n He said the work of obtaining money for this fund was exclusively that of the laymen. He therefore asked the laymen of the Synod to assist daring tbe next year in increasing this fuad. The Bey. Oanon Faab seconded the motion. The President considered it very desirable to have such a fund. The motion was carried. ST. FETKB'S, WH.UAMSTOWX. On the motion of tbe Bey. A. Sm.ua, seconded by the Bey. Canon Coombs, it was resolved— "That St. Peter's, Williamstown.be admitted into union with Synod as part of the united parish of Lyndooh and Williamstown, and that its boundaries' be those of the district of Williamstow?." ' BaTBKBSNIATION IX BYHOD. ■ Canon Farb moved—* 1 That leave, be given to bring in a measure to repeal regulation not fundamental Me. 11, and to substitute the fol lowing :—• A parish assessed at less than 100 sittings ahaU.have one aynodsmau ; at 100 and less than 200, two synodstnen; and so on in pro portion, except' that there shall not be more than four eynodstnen for any one parish.'" The motion was brought forward in aoeordanoe with a recommendation contained in the report of the standing committee. Begulation No. 11 provided that "the city parishes shall each have four synodsmen; suburban, and' country parishes with one chursh, each two syaodsmen ; suburban vi country parishes consisting of two or more churches one synodsman {jreach church." Oanon Fair eaid an alteration had been originally proposed in the rule bearing on* synodsmen, because it was felt that the old rule bore hardly on the country churches. Thisiorm of resolution had been copied from a document, His Lordship had brought from Bngiand twenty- ' six years ago, and instead of stating that the town churches should have four synodsmen, it made the amountof the assessment the bans of the Synodal representation. The effect of the rule proposed would be to give country and suburban parishes a larger representation, while be believed that tbe total number of synodgmen would not, on tbe whole, be ineonveuiently in creased. A discussion ensued whether the synod bad power, after pausing the regulations not fun damental, toamend one of them on the very same day ; bat a? a mean* of getting over the diffi culty the standing orders were euspeoded. The whole quf?tion uf SyU'^dal representation was then discussed in committee at great length axd numeioos amendments to the motion were proposed. Amongst oth r things it was prj poed that the basis of representation should be the income provided for the clergyman, and not the number of sittings, but this was lost. After a long debate tbe motion was agreed tj, and the following principles were affirmei by tbe Sjnod: — Bach church farming part of a united parish shall be entitled to elect ■jDodsmen on tbe scale provided in Mr. Fan's motion. In evtry case where there are no sittings let every pound paid oat of the offertory or stipend funi towards the minister's income shall be counted as equivalent to a sitting let. Sittings to be taken at £1 each, and if sittings are letallOr., two to count as one. The committee resumed, and progress having been reported, obtained leave to stt again on Tuesday, May 11. when a motion is to be sub mitted! embodying the principles already agreed opon as the basisof Synodal representation. The Synod at 13.15 p m adjourned till th? fol lowing afternoon. 