THE STORY-TELLER THE MYSTERY OF BRYNGWYLLT. — — Chapter IV. It was one of those lovely, mild days that are harbingers of the oming spring— so bright, that even the moss-covered paths and neglected grounds of Bryngwyllt presented a cheerful appearance ; the tall trees, that had braved the storms of many winters, and the Tugged shrubs so long untrimmed, seemed to lose their haggard look in the mellow glory. Out in the open country nature was already awaking from the dormancy of winter ; early bads and flowers had appeared at the behest of a glowing and kindly sun, as the first fruits of thegeneralresurrectiou so soon to take place. The bright life-giving orb poured ' forth- amidst the woods its generating rays, ' and over the fields its reviving flood of re turning warmth. Charles Darrell had persuaded Enid to ' come out into the invigorating morning air. fair and fresh as a daisy tipped with dew she looked as she walked beride the doctor, in her simple gray dress and black velvet hat, the broad drooping brim of which shaded the jspirituelle face, the soft breeze bringing : a rich damask over the bloomy cheeks. . " She never wearied of young Darrell's com- ; pany ; a subtle happiness gradually, crept ; over her -when he was with her, sweeter, - deeper, because!® new an d unknown to herself. : Yet she had lost the naive. happiness with: which she had at first listened to his tales of that wonderland, that other far-away world iii: which he had lived ; a shadow had fallen athwart its sheen. That Jsrilliant, fashionable: sphere in whieh he moved held a sealed dcor: for her. She thought with a little pang how different she must seem from his clever lady acquaintances ; she wondered if he laughed : at her simplicity and quizzed her queer: country ways when she was not near. Al- together, something like discontent was creeping for the first time into her pure mind. Yet, when a half-guilty conscience warned her — though she prayed Heaven's forgiveness When she remembered all her loved ones — t»be could not regret that v the handsome stranger, with his debonair ways, had crossed her path, even though it was to mar its smooth peacefulness. Charley was the first to break the silence. You must come out oftener, Miss Enid ; ' you have been a prisoner so long that the roses are fading fast. I reproach myself for -not having insisted on outdoor exercise sooner. Spoken like a doctor ; but I really could not leave,' said Enid smiling. 'Nonsense ! Well, you can leave now. Why, you look fragile enough to be blown down, like a thistle, by every puff of wind. Do you like archery ?' I have never had the chance to try.' .'No? I should suppose you play croquet ?,! 'Yes. I have a set at home, and ?e often use it. But why do you ask, Doctor Darrell?' tie looked down at her with quizzical "s eyes. Don't people ever ask questions, in this vj»it of the world, without special reasons ?' V - Of course they do ; but I don't think you id this rime.' You are right, as usual. I think you are c'lpfined to the. house too much, Miss Enid. Ydu get tpo thoughtful. Your papa says he eh&U; be pleased if X can amhae you while I remain here. I told him it was bad for your health not havingany companion about your oWn age' — the blue eyes looked so comically into herown that Enid blushed— so will you ride and row with me sometimes?' 'It is good of you to think of me, Doctor Darnell; but are you of my own age, then?' : , . . He could not quite, conceal a smile at the . -ladicrouseesB of the question, and perfect in- ,i Booence ofthe questioner. Enid noticed it. .. '0ii, what have I said ? It was ridiculous, and Yf-ry rude!" He laughed outright now. Unconventional, certainly ; but you're lucky in thus speaking to me and not to my .eldest sister Lady Hope, who is ' ever young . jmd fair,' though on the shady side of forty. However. 111 forgive you, Miss Howell, thoughit Wee awfully unkind, youhnow ; I tmight have been rather aged ; but I'm only awnntv-five. as you wish to know.' f HorS« «Pjy«dteasi?Sher ! Emd looked up with great honest, pleading eyes. The ehlortenite eUurion tofedy ppe bad ; rhSUfd a train of painfnl tbonghta withm her. Hi sister waa a lovely and accomplished woman, nb doubt j it flashed across her how brusque and awkward she must seem. ' Doctor Darrell,' she said _ timidly, I often wonder you care to be with me ; I am ,hut a simple country girl.' ' Why, what, have I said to hurt you ? Don't you know how loath I should be to give you a moment's pain ? What a foolish child it is !' he added soothingly, attempting to place the small hand in his arm. : But she quietly drew it away, and turned to hide the tears she vainly strove to re strain. This brotherly, familiar treatment hurt her even more than the other. ' I should like to go in now; I am tired, Doctor Darrell,' she said as soon as she could trust her voice. 'Now! have done it— offended you past forgiveness I Seriously, Miss Howell, . I can not allow you to leave me like this. I feel a regular monster in human form. Do forgive me this Once ; I am more vexed than I can express at my bearish behaviour. Come, won't you make it up and be friends ?' It was a sheer impossibility to hear that eager, pleading voice, to see those merry blue eyes, now so full of earnest contrition, and refuse pardon. Eaid's spirits rose. Cela depend,,' she laughingly replied. 'On what?' Whether you make fun of me again.' ' Indeed you are too hard. I never make fan of you. Now don't look shocked. It's the truth, though you doubt me.' Well, good-bye ; I'm late, Doctor Darrell.' And with a cordial handshake of reconciliation they parted. As she passed the door of the library to go ;up to Miss Mary, a heavy hand was laid upon her shoulder, and, half roughly, half authoritatively, she was pughed into the room. With a shudder ef disgust; she recog nised Ralph Keith. ' Will you sit down ? I want to speak to ye,' he said, closing the door as he spoke. without answering, she essayed to pass him'; but, firmly grasping her arm, he placed her in a chair. 'You had better do at I wish. Just'lbok into my face, and tell me what man you were walking out with.' She glanced up indignantly ; but the hasty words she was about to ntter died away on her lips, as she met the strange, fierce gaze of his black eyes, the expression of despair that haunted the dark, wild beauty of his face. In a low, subdued voice she said — 'Mr. Keith, I cannot endure your un manly treatment of me longer. Yon have no right to behave as you do ; and I have no need to bear it. I shall inform my father of all at once. For Miss Mary's sake I have not done so sooner; you force me to act thus ndw.' ' A softened light, such as had never been witnessed' on Ralph Keith's countenance, gradually spread over it as her gentle tones fell upon his ear. - 'Oh, Enid, ' you must not forsake us! Stay on and cheer my poor aunt with your 'Sunny presence, to brighten, though With but passing gleam, the dreary precincts of sin-haunted Bryngwyllt. We are all better when you are herb, dear. Heaven knows I am vile enough ; don't let , this fresh sin be laid at my door. And, Enid'— eagerly — f when I treat you so like a brute, so roughly, do not utterly condemn me; you do not know all the curse that rests upon us here. Oh, have mercy &ren; on me, wicked as I am! No, do not apeak ; reserve your sweet messages of love and mercy for others less sinful than Ralph Keith.' Before she could speak, he wrung her hand and hastily left the room. Astonished at the new and strange turn affairs were taking, Enid sat powerless to move." There is no man so deprived, so utterly lost to every good, but that has, underneath his baseness, springs that need bat to he touched and there ripples up a nobler self from the depths of his deformed soul. ' None are all evil. Quickening round his heart, One softer feeling would not yet depart ; Oft would he sneer at others, as beguiled By passions worthy of a fool or child ; Yet 'gainst that passion vainly still he strove, And even in him asks the name of love." Thus it was with Ralph Keith — he loved Enid ! The gentle influence of a pure and innocent maiden had reached the one soft spot in that world- wprn heart, and the sharp arrow of love had penetrated the vulnerable place ; for lie loved her with all the intensity of a wild, uncurbed, passionate nature. So well he loved her that beneath an outer in crustation of surly insolence he strove to hide his secret, lest its knowledge should cast a shade of gloom over her day of life. . It seemed asif that was to be a day of ad venture to Enid, for, as she was preparing to retire, a knock at her chamber door announced a late intruder. Gently opening it, she per ceived no one more formidable than plump Mrs. Davies, the housekeeper. ' You must please forgive me a-taking the liberty, Miss Enid,' she said, but I know, as you've often said, you don't believe in ghosts nor sperits ; but to-night, Miss Enid, you would ha' bin convinced agin yourself if you'd only Kin with us jest now. The ser vants was near scared to death. They was the awfullest noises we heard ! And we see a light, too — a blue, ghostly light— quite plain.' But what are the servants doing to be about at this time, Mrs. Davies ? It is past eleven o'clock !' « Lor, miss, we was all goin' to bed !' re plied the housekeeper, in such loud tones of injured virtue that Enid feared she had aroused Miss Mary, sleeping in the adjoining room. , Hiish ! Is that all you have to tell me, Mrs. DMies ?' . " thought you would like to come and 'earior yourself, miss; it might encourage the servants like, they get so scared.' Oh, very well. " I am not in the least ner vous, and don't expect to be convinced. Come along.' " Together they traversed the dark corridors and wide staircase, looking weird and grim enough by the fitful gleam of the small lan tern that Mrs. Davies carried, till they reached the servants' apartments, which were next to the haunted wing. Huddled in the space of a deep window were the ter rified domestics, a cold wind blowing oyer them. . Why, What have you open ine window for?' asked Enid, laughingly." 'You see, miss,' commenced Mrs. Davies, pompously delighted at the opportunity of displaying her English before her interiors, two of whom were Welsh girls, ignorant or any language but their mother-tongue— the noises, was so much .louder to-night, the others opened it to feel more free, more like for company. They got so awful timid, poor things !' It was Mrs. Davies herself who had proposed opening it. ' Oh, my ! Did you hear that, Miss Eaii V . A rumbling sound, followed by a tolerably lou'd crash, caused a general commotion, and one of the girls, who had been sitting with her head half "out of the window, cried, in Wolsh- ' I see the light again ! Look put -quick 1 Instantly every head popped out. The en closed wing could be seen very plainly, cur- i ving round as it did. Pale an staring the ' dust-covered windows looked in the silvery moonlight. At the "bottom of the moat, among the black shadows, Enid could cer tainly distinguish a faint light flitting swiftly about. Her fears increased a hundredfold, as she thought it must be the light of some human visitant— perhaps a burglar— so evi dently was it outside the walls of the house. Bat she would not reveal -her dread ; she knew no help could be counted upon from the frightened servants. In a calm voice of authority not to be mistaken, she said— Thi3 is sheer childish nonsense, Mrs. Davies, I wonder you permit it. The hour is late ; come in, and go to bed instantly, all of you. Doubtless the noise is caused by rate, and the light by some stray moonbeam. You know there is always some water at the bottom of the moat, and the reflection caused a glitter.' So saying, she left them muttering— ' It's a funny moonbeam that would ever get down into that deep hole.' ' Returning te her room, Enid courted sleep in vain. The fact of there being a light — and that she had explained" it unsatis factorily to the servants she well knew— - troubled her ; she thought there must be some design on the house ; and, as many of the bolts and fastenings were rusty and in secure from long neglect, she lay in a highly nervous and unenviable condition till the welcome dawn streamed in through her window. Chapter V. M iss Mary made rapid strides towards re covery after the crisis had passed, and, be fore 1 -ng, she left the hall on a visit to her old friend Lady Tenrhyn, while Enid re turned to the vicarage. A quiet and happy time followed for Enid. Throughout each busy day she looked for ward to the evening when Charlie Darrell rarely failed to find his way to challenge the old vicar at his game of cribbage or mingling his rich baritone with Enid's sweet tones they would sing old melodies to the soft accompaniment of her Welsh harp. From time to time Mrs. Da ies brought strange news from Bryngwyllt. The servants had all left, and a new batch been engaged. They would not stay, she said ; the noises had been unparalleled. And lately, they de- clared, a man in a dark cloak, carrying a lantern,' was seen every night through the windows of the haunted wing. It was de cided that some definite steps must be taken when Miss Llewelyn returned. It was after one of these interviews with Mrs. Davies, whom she had met in the vil lage, that Enid, deep in thought about the extraordinary reports, and the strange lights she had seen herself npt long before, strolled on into the country up one of the hill sides. She was startled to perceive how late it was by the rapidly-falling shades of night. She hastily turned to retrace her steps ; but the long walk had tired her, and she sat down on a rugged boulder to rest. Heated with her exertion, she took off her hat, and the gentle breeze, catching her silky tresses, tossed them about in feathery luxuriance. All around was quiet and still, reposing in the calm beauty of the mild April evening — nought to be heard save the purling of a tiny streamlet among the hills, or the mellow note of a solitary blaokbird that reached her from the valley beneath. Far, far below, where the village lay, the lights in the cot tage windows shone out one by one, like the twinkling stars in the heavens above. Suddenly the tali figure of a man appeared round a projecting rock. Of all men in the world she would rather have met any than the one before her in that lonely spot, so far from human aid, for it was Ralph Keith. But her old instinctive horror had been some what lessened since that last interview in the library at Bryngwyllt. She noticed that he looked ill and altered ; his pale face gleamed marbly white in its dark framework of raven hair ; its expression was that of one who had passed through some scathing trial. He uttered strong words when he recognised Enid. ' This is too hard ! Had I but known it, 1 would have gone miles the other way. What on earth could make you choose this place ? It is enough to madden one' She saw that he as suffering from some powerful emotion, and, not appearing to notice his strange words, she quietly rose and commenced her downward path. But he quickly caught her arm. ' tay ! It's of no use to battle against one's deBtiny; I should have conquered, though, but for this meeting. Sit down on this rock and hear me' — very huskily. ' My Enid,. I love you! Nay, start not; you must not fear me, dear. I will be gentle with my little love ; but you must listen. There is no Nhelp for it ; the Fates have ordered it so.N No ; you shall not speak till I have told you how I love vou — what you are to me !' Trembling from head to foot, Enid sat spell- bound 'beneath the burning gaze of Ralph Keith's passionate, coal-black eyes. I will not excuse my wicked life to you, Enid — I will not attempt to palliate deeds Gf iniquity that would strike horror and loath ing into your pure soul; how bad and vile I have been you know. But, oh! spurn me not from you, like filth at your feet, when I tell you that you alone can dave me from this career of guilt. To be with you, to watch your unselfish actions, your childlike, holy faith, your pure unsullied -life — oh, my darling, is not this enough to save me ? I do not expect your love yet, for you know only my fiendish side ; but I will alter, Bold—- 1 will bid an eternal adieu to my former fellows in sin ; and together, in some quiet, distant spot, my good angel shall toaeh ' 'Mr. Keith 1' cried Enid, .sharply, in a .pained voice,1 ' let me speak. In mercy, do not torture me thus. You cannot know what you say ! You must leave me !' 'Leave you now!' he cried, hoarsely. 'Am I so condemned beyond salvation in your eyes that you imagine I am mocking ? But you do not understand — how should you ?' he continued, his voice softening. 'You can never realise what I feel now, after hopeless years spent in the vortex of crime and Satan, to see a way ef hope, a way of escape, Eoid !' In a hasty whisper — 'But ne short day ago I dared not have addressed you thus ; but now — now I am freed from a great trouble. Oh !' he cried in frenzied tones, ' save me from further sin — save me from myself ! You cannot refuse, Enid. There's a demon in my heart — it kills me. I feel it now ! Cast it out, dearest — out, away for ever !' His wildness terrified her. 'You are cruel, Mr. Keith. Do you not see Low J tremble at your fierceness V ' Only say you »ill be my wife ; then I will let you go. You must, Enid ; there is no ay of escape. I will take my queen for my very own. Oh, say the word that maaes you mine !' Great beads of perspiration dropped down his > hite face, and the swollen veins stood out like knotted cords upon his brow. Before Enid could move he caught her passionately in his arms and rained hot kisses over her face. 'My wife,' he murmured — 'my own fair, lovely wife !' Enid shrieked and struggled violently till she had freed herself from his wild embrace. ' I hate you,' she cried ; you bad, vile man ! I loathe your very presence 1 Marry you? I would sooner die a hundred deaths !' He recoiled as if he had been struck, and the ashen pallor of his countenance was awful to witness in the weird gloaming. 'You have spoken the words of destruction to me/ he said, in a despairing sort of wad — ' utter, entire destruction. Is this the end of it ? Can you do it. Enid ? Can you send me to my death ?' She buried ker face in her hands and sobbed. A fearful struggle was passing within her. What if she completed the wreck of this wasted life ? What if she sent the man to final headlong perdition, when a word, a loo:, would save him? It was not for long. Could she kueel and ask Heaven's blessing on the unhallowed sacrifice ? Could she ..save him and be true to duty-to her father s teaching, to herself, and — ah, that other one ? No, she dared not ; she would not. - The struggle was over, the answer ready. Raising her large, truthful eyes, filled with tears, to his, and clasping her white hands together, she said calmly — ' I can never be your wife, Ralph Keith — I will never do this great wickedness ; but, oh, may you still repent ! My prayers you ever have.' You might as well curs3 me, Enid Howell,' he cried,. but enrsed I am, and shall be to the end of my days.' They were the last words she ever heard him utter. With hasty steps he strode down the hill-side, and was quickly lost to view in the hazy shadow beneath. Enid threw her self upon the short grass, and wept long and sore. At last, with an -effort, she roused herself, and reached home to find them in great consternation kt her lengthened absence. Hastily murmuring something about having rested on the way, she drew her father into his study ; there, seated on his knee, her soft cheek pillowed on his silvery locks, she re lated the terrible scene through which she .had passed. Late into the night they talked, and, when at length they separated for re pose, a happy light beamed in the maiden s grey eyes, and a calm smile played around her dimpled mouth. Chapter VI. . Enid was sorry to learn that Miss Mary- was daily expected back at the hall, for she felt that she conld not run the risk of meeting Ralph Keith so soon after that cruel ordeal on the hill-side ; she knew, too, that Miss Maty would inquire the reason of her absence, and. she and her father had resolved to keep a solemn silence on the whole subject — each felt it too sacred, too holy, to be rudely handled or lightly discussed. Summoning up all her courage, Enid set forth one day, after several pressing invita tions from Miss Llewelyn, for Bryngwyllt. Arrived there, the servant told her that her mistress was out, but would be in shortly ; also that Mr. Keith had left a week before, and had not returned. Ber mind set at rest on that score, Enid seated herself to read, but she felt unsettled,' and again stood up and nacad slof?lv un and down the nld lihr&r;\r Then a bright thought struck her. Often since the night when Mrs. Davies had called her to hear the ' ghosts ' had she mused over the light in the moat, then the increasing commotion, and the cloaked man seen since. ' What fun it would be,' she thought, 'if I could discover the entrance to the- haunted wing and solve the mystery ! — for fchat it was more, a mystery than imagination, she felt convinced. She remembered hearing that the secret entrance was supposed to be from the bottom of the moat, through the vault#. Putting on her hat, she went out of the postern door and peered over the side ; but evidently there was no means of descent here, The steep stony Bides were perfectly perpen dicular, and there was not a crack wherein to find a footing. However, she was not near the part she wanted, and she .did not relish the prospect of wading through the bed of mud at the bottom of the moat ; so she crossed the bridge and walked rouqd till she was exactly opposite the haunted ing, then she crept to the edge and keenly examined the side. At a short distance below her she discovered a small hole, sufficiently open to admit a foot ; but the task she contemplated was no easy one. Even should she reach thev hole, it was probable there was no more ; moreover, there was nothing by which to hold, and, should she slip, she must fall into the muddy gutter beneath ; the ascent, again, would be equally, if not moire, difficult. But Enid was a girl that neither grew fainthearted over a few hardships nor feared a little dangerous climbing ; she had been too accustomed to the free, independent ways of the country, and the wild, fresh air of the rocky hill- tops for that. So, without a moment's hesitation, she turnedTrndTVli ing the top with her hands, placed both i tiny feet in the crevice; then. cW„« stooping till her hand found a place fa lower grip on the side, she lowered herself Li was fortunate enough, by feeling about Wto! her toes, to discover a second hole frl this she dropped easily to the bottom! B? when she saw her situation, she rtLwj having ventured ; she was standing fa damp, oozing marsh, a few straggling, rushes here and there the only things' in «i way of vegetable life. In moving she almost trod upon a large toad— the only, represent! tive of the animal creation— which gazS fixedly at her in disapproval of her intrusion With a slight scream she jumned on to a stone that was raised considerably out of th water ; then, putting her hand against the house to steady herself, she 'scanned everv portion she could that was likely to conceal a spring. Her patience was at length rewarded bv the discovery of a narrow loophole between the blocks of granite ; but nothing couu she make of it ; and, after searching for a few minutes longer, she turned to retrace her steps, in disgust at her fruitless expedi. tion. In turning, however, her dress caught on a rusty nail, be stopped to extricate it and, overbalacing herself on the loosened stone, fell heavily against the wall. gjje felt a little stunned and dispirited ; bat on rising, it seemed as if part of a block of granite had slightly receded. Half des perately she pushed it. Oh, joy ! It turned slowly on a pivot ! The block was nothing but wood, painted like granite to resemble the rest ; and this was the secret entrance ! How she unfastaned it or the real spring opened Enid did not know ; she supposed it had some connection with the nail and her fall. Eagerly she sprang through the open ing into a low, small vault. By a few rays of light that seemed to penetrate the dark ness from a skylight high above, Enid dig. covered a spiral iron staircase, which she swiftly mounted ; at the top was an oaken door, on which the dust of years lay thick. Pushing it open, she entered a large chamber. Dirt and cobwebs nearly covered the great bay windows, and bestrewed the once bright, oaken floor. Enid told herself shudderingly that she stood at last in the haunted wing.' She went on through several rooms, evidently the suites ap portioned to the former ladies of Bryng wyllt. In some, costly bed- hangings were decayed and mildewed, and pictures obli terated by damp ; in others knick-nacks and statuettes told they had been boudoirs. The furniture was worm-eaten and rotting ; the mice scuttled away in every direction at the appearance of the unwonted visitor; over -the whole there hung an oppressive air of utter desolation and blight. Enid was naturally a brave girl, and far from superstitious ; but now an indescrib able feeling of horror and loneliness seised her, as she recalled numerons tales and legends that she had heard. She started at the sound of her own footsteps, and half ex pected to see the fair form of the unfortunate Gwendoline confront her from some shadowed recess As she reached the last room, she caught sight of a door with a heavy chain and padlock hanging from its handle. It was unfastened, and she went "in, but started back in quick astonishment. It was small chamber, lighted only by a lofty and singularly barred skylight; in the centre stood a table covered with a white cloth, on which were a teapot, a cup and saucer, some knives, and a loaf half nibbled by mice. Here were no signs of decay ! The articles were common-place and modem; the dust did not look of a week's duration ; the boards were still clean, as if from recent cleansing ; the embers looked as if they had not lain there long. But what was the strange smell filling the stifling atmo sphere? There was a bedstead in one corner, and — ah, what was that lying on it! A poor emaciated, shrunken form, with hollow decaying cheeks! From that came the awful smell of death ! With a wild, hysterical scream Enid turned and fled — through the rooms, down the staircase, and into the moat. tVjth an almost superhuman effort she clambered up the steep wall, and hurried across the bridge into the house, her eyes fixed and staring, her soft hair floating in loose luxuriance be hind. She dashed into the library, where Miss Mary and Charlie Darrell had just met , _and the doctor had hardly time to spring forward and catch her in his strong arms, ere she fell fainting to the ground. Chapter VII. Enid had told her strange tale ; they ha sent for the solitary policeman of which t o village boasted ; they had made their terri search. The woman — for the body ho had discovered was that of a female— w pronounced by Doctor Darrell to have bee dead about six days. By her side tn y found this writing — 'This is the confession of me— Ralp Keith. When this is discovered, if .ev®f y is, I shall be out of the reach of justice. This skeleton was once Maud Llewelyn, J step-sister ! But to begin at the begjnnJ R When I returned to Bryngwyllt, and fo my mother on her death-bed long tg» was overwhelmed with difficulties; deb -- some enormous ones —threatened me every side ; in faot, I came down here evade my hungry creditors. I was rend completely desperate at last, after receiS an angry letter from one who had d18G0V , . my whereabouts. Then it was that an a scheme suggested itself to me, a vile cn Day or night, I could not get rid of thought : it tormented me ceaselessly w yielded and formed my plaiss to e P Maude, my sister, and immure her i haunted wing, and become myself pess of Bryngwyllt ; then my duns would bow an cringe before the wealthy master of su estate — safe enough I should be then. ' Well I knew how readily my , would transfer everything to me, her ia _ son, when Maude, the rightful heiress, have disappeared- I kne w, too, u a any one could be kept concealed 111 oliner. place ; everybody, being more or lew Fj sririous, avoided that part of the had learnfc the seeWt«Tae prirote."1 from Ian/old servitor, now ece8®? dared not bonteiftpIAte nrarder-i J""" from that. No, thank Heaven, wh»® hlbeen my «inTl was saved from the red statins of inuocent blood ! . , 4 1 patiently bided my time, and, nno afternoon that my mother was slightly better, and that Maude proposed riding over to Aberffrwd, I crept to the stable and loosened her pony's shoe The result success ; she had reached the village before he oast it, and returned on foot. In the lone liest part of that lonely road I sprang out, masked, and seized her, rapidly gagging her to prevent screams. 1 secured her in a dis tant wood, and leisurely walked into the hall in the midst of the general confusion at her non-appearance. Assuming the role of a distracted brother, I instituted a search ; and, taking care to send the searchers far away from where she was, under the cover of dark ness and absence of all from the house I got her unseen into the room prepared for her. Jt ia this very room. 'At early dawn I rejoined the crowd of eager searchers, and pretended to have found her hat overhanging the river. It was dragged— of course, to no purpose, and the notion became prevalent that she had slipped into the swollen stream and had been carried a«ay by the powerful current. Being win ter. this seemed probable, and the inhabitants of Aberffrwd were so exceedingly simple- minded that suspicions — if suspicions there were_were soon forgotten. In a place less primitive, amid people more sophisticated, it is likely all would not have been huwhed «o soon. My poor mother's death was hastened by the shock, and, the will having been altered to my satisfaction, I became owner of Bryngwyllt. 'Is- ear I have never starved nor neglected Mude Llewelyn. I was puzzled how to act at first to prevent her constant screams from being heard ; but, after fair promises of speedy freedom, I quieted her. Then in a while she became hopeless, and was always afterwards still enough. I have supplied her with all needful food and clothing. It was comparatively easy for me to do this ; my strange wild ways were not noticed. This was the reason of my constant visits to hated Bryngwyllt. . I am the ghost of the walled-up wing 1 I made the noises— I flashed the lights — I am the cloaked man with the lantern. I did it to scare persons from the place and keep up the alarm. 'Well, to-day she died. I wonder she lived so long. I cannot write what follows but with the tremor of despair in my hand. My heart's secret I never meant to reveal ; but I met her — my love. Maude had just died ; I was freed from the corroding shackles of my crime. I dared to woo her. Oh, Heaven I I deserved her answer ! From that scene I have rushed hither and written this. y life is wrecked — my last hopes are blasted ! I bid an eternal farewell to VV ales. ' Then followed the date on which he had met and left Enid among the lonely hills. The police made strict search for bim, but the only information they ever gained was that a man answering to his description had sailed, about two days after the date of the confession, in an emigrant ship bound to Australia. And so the Mystery of Bryngwyllt was ended, though whether the countryfolk ever got over their dread and horror of its haunted wing is doubtful. Good Mr. Howell lived to a ripe old age, the old vicarage being ever brightened by the merry voices of his ehildren's children. Miss vrary did not live long after the crush ing climax to a life ever sad and weary ; so the once majestic pile, closed and desolate, h&i; become the home of owls and bats. Charlie Darrell must have conquered his repugnance to the country and country damsels in a wonderful fashion, or else Enid must have been mistaken in imagining that he retained a particular affection for the society of gay London life ; for when old Dr. Price retired — which be did on his return from a certain visit to town — Dr. Darrell, his successor, and his pretty youthful bride Enid, took up their abode at their cheery clematis-covered home in Aberffrwd ; and, in the words of the old fairy tales, ' there they lived happy ever afterwards.' 