Jutelligeiiq. IRELAND. OCu LAND COMMISSION. [From the Freeman'* Special Commissioners.] IX THE WEST. Clifden. UJ- me uosenpiions or i>au landlordism, ltivc me 111e boldly bad rather than the meanly bad. II one must be a prey, if is upon the whole 1 lie nobler "to'fall before tlie lion Ilian tbe wolf/' The two varieties flourish abnnda.nllv in f'onne niara : Imt abvssmal meanness, the dodyes of a baynio. the morals of loyal triek-o'-tlie-loop, appear to be nmol) ihu most eonyemal yrowl h of the landlord system around ('lifden. Uemoiuber the class of tenantry we are dealiny with—men. many of them without a shoe, or a coat or a bed stead. whoso crops fail almost every second year, who have often in their lives tasted the horrors of semi-starvation, who. neverthless, struyyle to support la rye families on three, or four rooky acres which they have, themselves reclaimed, and lor which they pay punctually rents amounting to between 2<>s and 150s an acre. Desorviny of compassion, one would say !.deserving-. at all events of common justice. Will it he credited that upon at least three estates near ('lifden. for a series of years, direct lv contrary to law mid without any ayreement whatever, the i.ynoraneo of crowds of these wretched tenants, whose holdinys are valued under K I. was taken advant age of to compel them to discharyo the full amount of the poor- rates on their holdinys. for not one penny of which they were leyally liable .' It took the evidence of dozens of tenants upon townlnnds and. properties far distant, from each other to convince me of tin’s astnnndiny truth. It was only a couple of years ayo. when the point was accidentally raised in a law court, that the tenants learned that, they had lieen for years paying poor- rates (at a rate seldom or never less than Is in the -kI ) for which their landlords were loyally responsible: and tliouyli the exact ion has been tacitly drop! ever since, it is hardly necessary to add. that, the very con siderable sums thus wriuijr from flic tenants in their own wrong have never been refunded ! Specimen number two of landlord ethics near ('lifde.n.—A certain proprietor, whose estate is I taunted by many rootless mid yrussyrown cabins like the skeleton of murdered homes, announced a reduction of half a, year's rent a short time since, and was duty lauded in the newspapers therefore. The yratet’ul tenantry wereayreeublv amazed, until it. beyan to leak out that (behalf year in which the remission was to take effect was the half year from November next until May. arid that. only mi condition of the present half year's rent (which is the. real burden that is breakiny ttie backs of tlie farmers) beiny punc tually discharged before November : Still more inyen ions was the little device adopted by another proprietor (one from whom bettor miyht have lieen expected, too.) to earn some cheap fame and bay Ill's rents into tlie. barynin. It: boiny pretty yeneraliy conceded that the tenants would have no rent, or next to none, to oiler, with the wolf of l'mnyor at their doors, he prepared in the most yenerons manner to yive employment, to the distressed people : and loud was the popular joy. lint when the labourers beyan to look for their hire, after they bad allowed their earninys to accumulate a,while, they we re informed that they would yet credit for the amount of their rents 1 15y a stretch of favour one man received 4s—out of Its—due to him : another received a shilling out of six: another to whom the (to him) enormous sum of 22 17s was coming. could not induce the landlord to disgorge one fart liiny, although lie represent cal to him that he was under process fora, laryc sum for Indian meal, and had to sell his pig. and pawn his last, blan ket to disc ha rye the debt 1 Nothing was want- j ing to crown iIk.: glory of this gentleman's genius except to put him (or to have him put himself) at tJie Iiwul of a movement, tor i lie relict of dis tress in Connemara. There is another incident of small tenancies in the West, which in every part, of the world is called " slavery.1' huf in the more dainty lan guage of the Connemara squireens is known as "duty work," and which, if it flourished on the coast of Guinea instead of merely on the coast of Connaught, the Government would despatch a squadron to put down. After paying rents, almost always f>() per cent., frequently 1U0 per cent, and not unfrequently 2U0 per cent, over the legal valuation of their miserable holdings—• after paying sometimes the whole of the poor rates. always at least the half of them, always the whole of the county cess, and an extra police tax for the protection of the landlords’ pets— after paying always for turharv and sometimes for sea-weed gathered at the risk of his own life the unfortunate tenant's obligations to his mas ter are not yet discharged. lie is bound to give —in some places six. in other places twelve days’ "duty work” free to the landlord whenever he [ileuses tit summon him to his obedience, and in addition he is liable to be called upon to labour at his master's bidding at. a fixed rate, varying from Sd to Is 2d per day. upon as many days at any time of the year as to his master shall seem lit, even if his own little crops were rotting on the ground for want of his tendance I These are but the bubbles on the surface of a sys tem of which the substance is hard and mercen ary avarice. .Most of these estates are fragments of the vast patrimony of the Martins, which passed from hand to hand through a cordon of greedv la ndjobbers, each ol whom had his "dividend of [.'hinder” before passing it on to the next. One unfortunate island within a few years ran t he gaunt let of five successive middle men, or proprietors, every one of whom in his turn increased the rent, until the tenants, glad •* e'en for a change of scene to seek the shades below,” offered in their desperation a still further advance to a. certain wealthy proprietor it he would buy them out of the clutches of the landsharks. which lie in the most handsome manner did. and evinced his sense of their con fiding generosity by at once clapping on a final increase on his own account! A tenant who began this chapter of changes with a rent of X2 os., saw it rising like the eastern Genie out of the. bottle till it overshadowed the laud, first to gthen to i;2 10s. then to >M. then to Xl 10s. then to and at the end of this strange event ful Instorv. lie found himsell saddled with a rent of Xb. Another who began lile also with a rent of X2 .Is spent the best years of Ins youth in re claiming his little rocky [dot. and in building a farmhouse. Mis holding entered that frightful wheel of foriunc—or railier of misfortune—like the rest, 'the first turn brought the rent to Xk. the. next, loX-f: he saw it rise till, when it .ar rived at Xf>. he surrendered the place in despair, and turned heartsick away without a penny compensation to begin the world anew. Upon another property (a. middleman's) a tenant wdio reclaimed a, strip ol mountain and ouilt his home, is taxed for XI a year with six days' duty work in [dace of C2 ."is : a neighbour ol his, who had io surrendrr his own harm during the (amine years to to into the workhouse, took a morsel of wild mountain at a rental of 10s a year, anil began to reduce it to cultivation ; fast as his work progressed, or taster, rose, the rent ; each successive demand was enforced by the serving of a yearly notice to quit ; and under this pro cess of judicious lort.ure (lie unhappy man pays at this moment, a. rent ol Xl for wdiatever poor fertility his labour and money created. I could easily cover columns with details of how the rental of one. tow it him 1 w as raised from X2e 10s, at which it was let in 1S(!2. to X<>7 Its : a second from X12 to X27 : a third from X10 to X->0 ; a fourth to C2.7 (the Poor-law valuation being Xb bs) : a tilth to t;lbb, on a valuation of XTS : a sixth to X 120 on a, valuation of XbO las, and so on through the dreary catalogue from estate to estate, until I would have to print out whole rentals. IVut in fact the really remarkable cir cumstance in Connemara is to find a tenant that has been spared, not to find one, or ten, ora humimi, wlio have been Jleeced to the uttermost farthing of their endurance. If they are beggars to-day. in pocket and in spirit, perhaps you can account, for it now on more substantial grounds than the failure of the potatoes. And now a word of the condition of the vast parish of Balliiiakill. which embraces the whole northern region of Connemara from the watch tower upon Olaygan Hill as far as the beauteous mountain solitiiudes of Leenane. 1 can iind no reason to alter in its case a single gloomy tint in my picture of C'iifden. except that, the nests of unspeakable human styes are not quite so nume rous (though in the case of one village especially their wretchedness would surpass them, if that were possible). I have encountered the same wholesale annihilation of the only food of the people, the potatoes, the same boundless ocean of debt in which the entire community is immersed together, and the same certain prospect of famine blackening the future, if the cry of the people for work and food should fall on heedless ears. The destruction of potatoes is simply incredible. I have met numbers of persons who sowed three bushels of potatoes, and will not save two bushels of healthy ones out of the crop. Out, of a pro duce of 112 stones one man averred solemnly that there are not seven stones untainted. The universal verdict is that Christmas will witness the exhaustion of the supplies. By that date, even if the landlords do not in the meantime tear the food out of their mouths. 1 cannot see any way out of the conclusion that fully half the whole population of this parish will be without food, and it is altogether out of the question that the meal merchants who preserved the lives of the people during the past year can afford to preserve them any longer. One miserable huxtor living in a tottering thatched hut was the means of saving a whole townland from starvation by her advances of Indian meal on credit. Although the to her tremendous sum of over Tab is now due. and her own children are on t he verge of starvation, the whole amount of her debts which she could collect last year was „C2, and this year not a pound at all ! The distress is confined to no particular district, and to no particular estate. It. is universal. Even the tenantry of Mr. .Mitchell Henry, cheered by every encourage ment that fair rents, liberal management, great employment, and generous remission of rents could afford, are staggering under tlie crisis. Imagine, then, what must be the condition of things upon one estate in particular in this neighborhood where every opposite principle is working eternally towards the pauperisation and debasement of the people. It. is not alone that the rents were raised all round fifteen years ago some (if) per cent, over the valuation : it is not alone that a man who took a few acres of savage mountain at 30s. is paying T(i Jor it now when, the labour of his life has civilised it, that a man who spent his time a nd money tor years in drain ing away a mountain lake which covered three acres of his holding, as soon as its bed was dried up, was throttled for an additional rent, of 30s., and is at. this moment under notice to quit for resisting. Worse remains behind. The tenants arc' not only charged (is a piece Tor the seaweed deposited on the rocks (whether they use it ot no), they are charged as more Jor the Heating weed which they themselves gather out of the jaw's of the ocean, alter wading up to their arm pits in the waves for it and bringing their drip ping capture away on their shoulders. These: imposts are exacted quite regardless o! whether the tenants choose to use sea,weed at- all. 1 have met. several tenants who have been for years paying the double tribute who never laid an ounce of seaweed on their lands. Nay, it they eLoose to burn kelp (which involves the trouble some an expensive process of first gathering the weed, then tossing and drying and saving it like hay, and then calcining it slowly), they must, surrender the third part of 1 he product so manu factured to tlie owner of the property, and cart it at their own expense often a distance oi four or live miles to the store ! After this, it is com paratively mild to hear that there is an addi tional toll of 2s (id per house for house-fuel, even when the turf is raised off the tenant's own hold ing. Now figure to yourself u little mountain village, as bad as the worst I have described, crushed under all those merciless penalties ; will you believe that, after paying rents that would be oppressive in rich Tipperary, for acres of waste which they have forced into productiveness, they must pay the owner j H 1 Os an acre for the potato-ground in front of their doors in conacre, along with manuring it and tilling it themselves, and, if they have cattle, must pay an additional charge per beast to one of the owner’s big graziers for the privilege of feeding their cattle upon the mountain behind their houses. I am really afraid to trust myself to one line of com ment- upon facts like these ; it might, almost burn the paper I write upon. Castlebar. Before saying good-bye to the beautiful wilds of the West, let me cast one lingering look be hind through the shadowy gorges of those Delec table Mountains by which T passed out of Con nemara. as out of another Valley of the Shadow of Death. The entire scene lies framed before my mind’s eye as in a picture—from the last trembling woman I left behind me on the Let terfrack-road, moaning with cold and hunger, to the first threatening flash of a dragoon’s scarlet coat in Ballinrobe. All between was giant solitude. Here is the deep-mouthed pass of Kylemore, its lion-like mountain with shaggy mane of forest ; its lake half glittering in sunny joyance, half shrouded in black mysterious shadow ; the turrets of its white palace gleam ing as in a fairy tale. This is Killery Bay, piercing like a crooked silver sword miles into the silent heart of the mountains, where they stand in solemn circle around Lcenane, smiling or frowning, blackening or brightening, accord ing to the humour of the wanton sun—re-echo ing impartially now the empty laugh of a Cockney tourist, now the sad evening cry of the water-fowl, like a moan of distress out of the glooming water underneath. Now we are climbing high into the cloven heights through the seldom travelled passes of the Joyce Country. For eight miles we crawl at the feet of mighty mountain peaks crowding about the thin line of roadway upon either side like giants to bar the way ; some with gloomy beetling brows, chan nelled as with deep wrinkles by the course of winter torrents ; some broken into fantastic towers and pinnacles and curtain walls of rock like an illuminated eastern city ; at one moment girt with storm-clouds black as a pall ; the next clad in raiment of transparent violet. No sooner have we emerged from the overhanging walls of the passes than the jagged heights of Mauni 'Turk mountains cluster together on the northern horizon, and Lough Corrib unrols its broad silvern page, enriched with woody islands, far away to the south. 1 seem to plunge again into the re cesses of Glancraig in its basin of towering hills, where springed vehicle never yet penetrated, where the centuries have gone, by and made no more change than if Cabal More of the Wine red Hand were still seared on the Connaught throne : where not, one peasant, out of a dozen can even stammer in the English tongue ; where •a degenerate Gael like myself had to address the people through an interpreter, as in a strange land. 1 seem to float once more among the blushing evening hills, across the waters of Lough Mask, rowed by a bronzed and rosy Lady of the Lake, to see around me those picturesque groups in the white flannel cloaks and scarlet petticoats, chattering their soft Gaelic, to hear through the. open door of a “ eorp-house,” where they are waking an old woman, the plain tive; vIkIii of the; Irish keeners, as 1 had never heard it raised before, following a certain wild tune of its own, rising and falling, as the sound came weirdly over the lake in the; darkness, now startling as tin; shriek of a bamhtr, now soft and solemn as church music. Did 1 say that the Joyce (.’mint r.v lias been altogether untouched by "the process of the suns/” It has felt as keenly as if if were in the full blaze of the Zeit geist flic influence of the two chief agencies of Irish civilization in this nineteenth century— crowbars and rack rents. The very chapel of Finnea was levelled at, the command of a land lord ; and the late wretched Lord Leitrim raised the rents in the deepest of these mountain glens 200 and J00, and even 000 per cent,., as though they were the most civilized regions in the world, and haggard men and heartbroken women are at this moment speaking the Irish dialect of the language of despair there as elo quent Iv as if they delivered themselves in choice Engl ish. The shadow of coming famine haunted me as far as the Galway mouth of these defiles ; at the May end 1 emerged upon redcoats and decrees of ’ejectment. The Dallinrobe barracks were crowded wit h newly-arrived horse and foot ; in the Ballinrobe court-house the county court judge was signing thirty-four decrees for posses sion. Mas it, the commencement of a campaign 1 Just two months ago I began my mission, as I am ending it, in this town ol (-ast.lcbar. 1 then wrote Already, after three days’ investigation I am able to answer decisively that we are pass ing into, and not out of. such a crisis as has never appalled the Irish farmer since the potato rot of 1840.” If 1 stop to recall how a proposi. lion which has since; come to ho in every man's mouth as a truth plain as daylight, was derided at the time as mad and wicked exaggeration, it is because incredulity has not even yet altogether given up the ghost. Therefore, after having since made my way into almost every quarter of five great counties—'Tipperary, Limerick, Clare, Galway, and Mayo—the richest in the South as well as the poorest in the Vest—having examined the results of agriculture under various condi tions as to soil, capital, and system—and having compared the evidence of (literary) thousands of persons of all ranks arid conditions pertaining to land—1 now in cold blood solemnly declare that the only regret 1 have, in reviewing all that has been written in these columns upon the subject, is, that my words were too feeble to depict in half its alarming depth and breath the calami tous crisis which has overtaken the Irish farmers and of which, I am firmly persuaded, we are even still only witnessing the commencement. When 1 was here in August, gloomy as was the outlook, there were still some coquettish possi bilities of a good harvest. The corn which was then yellowing has since rotted on the fields, or malted” in tin; barns. 'The potatoes, over which the first breath of disease was then pass ing, have since perished in millions. I wrote at that time that the very best harvest that could be dreamed of could not ctire the present deep rooted depression, and it has turned out the very worst harvest that could be dreaded. Apart, from the fate of the stuff in the semblance of hay which is still putrefying upon some meadows, as if we were in the full flush of summer, or of the odd fields of uncut corn, which the rainstorm beating against my windows at (his moment will put out of their agony, the farmers now know the best or the worst, and l have received irresis tible evidence upon all sides that the Mayo or Galway working farmer who has this year pro duced if cwt. of marketable grain per acre, or who saves half a ton of healthy potatoes per acre from his crop, or a ton of nutritive hay to the acre from iii.s uplands, may rub bis hands in thankfulness when he looks over the hedge and compares notes with his neighbors. Doubtless the estimate here made docs not represent the yield in favoured tillage counties ; but neither does it represent the incredible blight and devas tation which lias ravaged (lie food of the people in those places where of all others the blow was deadliest. The danger of downright famine will be in proportion to the extent to which the potato was depended upon as the staff of life ; and along the whole western coast there is none other to lie depended upon. Over large tracts of Connaught, supposing the landlord should not claim a penny ot his rent, nor the shopkeeper a penny of his account, 1 have already warned the Government—for on their heads he the responsi bility—that if the people are abandoned to their own resources they must die. inevitably, of star vation-—certainly in hundreds—probably in thousands. If the landlord and the shopkeeper should come in to divide the miserable spoils between them, what may be only isolated dan gers of starvation will beyond all question swell into wholesale famine. Let there he no mis take about it—the entire, produce from every source of the average Galway or Mayo small farm would not in many.—perhaps i should say in most —cases afford the humblest sustenance to the farmer and Ins family throughout the year, and would in no case leave a margin representing more than a fractional dividend to his creditors. 'The arbitrament of the strict law at this moment would wreak as niuc.li havoc as the arbitrament of the sword itself. Its least result would be the bankruptcy of almost, the whole community. It would sentence thousands of families to eviction, to the workhouse, to the most, horrible of all deaths. The shopkeepers have frankly recognised this almost to a man. Although the debts due to them have grown to be as thick as leaves in Val lambrosa, legal processes of recovery wen: never before so little resorted to. As shrewd, men of business, living on tlicspot.aequainted with their debtors’ means, versed in the secrets of their Jieai'fs, they are forced to confess Hint there is no attenuating, no disguising, the utter nakedness and insolvency of the small holders. Landlords groan like martyrs over the hardship of receiving only SO per cent, of the debts of a, single half year alt er poeket mg trebled rentals for twenty. I’oorer shopkeepers, every shilling of whose capital, perhaps, is at stake, not, merely abate 10 or 20 per cent, of their revenue, but, alter wait ing patiently for two years for their money, thankfully accept 10 or 20 per crufe, when they can get, it, and. when they cannot, raise no howl for dragoons or coercion. And while the former class of creditors have done, nothing to earn the debtor's gratitude except, to sack, and harry, and spoil him at intervals, the latter have saved him time and again front the agonies of a, starveling,s death. Few,I think, will be found to gainsay that whatever pool' superllux 1 lie small tanners may be able to spare above the .immediate necessities of their families, the lirst destination of at least a fair proportion of it should be to reward the marvellous forbear ance of t he western shopkeepers, and so enable them to repeat it in the still more trying times which are approaching. I do not mean to say that they .stand alone in wise and generous sacrifice. Most heartily do 1 recognise the spirit in which a considerable proportion of the landlords of Mayo have accepted their share of the calamities of the time. It is sad to find that as a general rule it is those who are least able who have made the heaviest sacrifices. Men whose rents have never been exorbitant have pinched themselves to surren der large portions of their incomes, while some have returned no answer to the cry for mercy but, " It is not so nominated in the bond." For example, if there was an estate in the county M.ayo upon which the tenantry might have blushed to appear as petitioners it is that of Mr. Thomas Tighe, near Kilmaine ; and it is pre cisely he who has spared their feelings by relin quishing one-fifth of his rental unasked. Again the 1)0,000 acres owned by Viscount Dillon are let. generally speaking, about the level of the Poor-law valuation. In abating 30 per emit. of the rents of the small holders, he has made a more substantial concession than if certain of his neighbours, who have overleaped the Poor law valuation as lightly as the Seventh Com mandment, were to present their tenants with a full twelvemonth’s free acquittance. Probably there are some others who have announced no abatement, because they recognise that the otter of an abatement to people who have nothing to give would be like "sending them nifties when wanting a shirt,” There are numbers of estates along the Atlantic seaboard and upon the islands where all the [lowers of law and all the terrors of eviction cannot wring a pound out of people who are without a penny. But there are thou sands of tenants in Mayo to whom a generous reduction would bring real relief, who are still clamouring in vain for compassion. The no surrendcr body of landlords, though they are few and faint, arc fearless still, Armed as they are with soldiery and extra police, there is no know ing to what wild extremities they may proceed to cut their pound of flesh out nearest the hearts of the people, as soon as the nonpayment of the November rents will have exposed thousands of tenants to eviction. One trembles to think of the consequences of attempting any now system of clearness after the pattern of 1849 against an inflamed and desperate peasantry, organised without organization, and united as they were rrever uirited before by the instinct of a deadly common danger. I am happy to think that no such colossal crime is possible. The public con science, the example of the many good landlords, the self-interest of tire bad ones, forbid it. There is no use in torturing men for money which they plainly have not. There is no profit in dispossessing one tenant when there is not the smallest prospect of finding another. The disease is so desperate that it must cure itself: or rather that the difficulty about the present gale must be driven out and swallowed up by the greater difficulty about the next gale and all gales to come. Changes are brewing. There is no more use in controlling them than lightning in the night, A cooler temper is beginning to prevail. As soon as the present nervous excite ment on both sides has calmed, it will probably be found that the landlords have settled them selves down with more or less equanimity to accept a moderate dividend of their rents, and that the tenants have set themselves loyally to pay it. Liberal, sacrifices, then, in order to husband the resources of those who have not as yet been swept off their feet—employment upon some great scale in order to keep pale Famine from the doors of those who, two mouths hence1, will have nothing to cat and no human prospect of getting anything—these are as plainly the first necessities of the hour as to throw ropes to drowning men. But when haplv generous land lords and a generous Government, have done their part—when the brunt of winter has been broken without the ruin of a home, or a death by starvation—(he diffiiculty will simply have been pushed six months forward. It will be but healing over the surface of a deadly wound. The revolution which lias overturned every other incident of agriculture lias sealed the doom of raekrents. The most moderately rented estate in the island is let, as high as tiie present conditions of Irish farming will warrant. In the vast preponderance of eases the existing rents will henceforth be impossible. Backrents are not the only part of the system that is crumbling. The out ire fabric is tottering to its fall. It is no part of my function here to dip into the legislation of the future—1 have studied to give the world a faithful picture of the actual condition to which the land laws have brought the Irish farmers in the Golden Vein of Tipper ary as well as among the roclcs of Connemara— the remedy is for others—bid. with my memory still vividly haunted by hundreds of talcs anil scenes which might well "turn the coward’s arm to steel, the sluggard’s blood to flame,” I cannot close my task without registering the conviction, widen every successive day’s experi ence has stamped deeper and deeper into my soul, that no half-hearted reform can cure, no paltering legislation can palliate, the insuffer able evils of the existing Irish land system : that landlordism at its best is a drag upon industry and a slur upon manhood : that landlordism, as he late Lord Clarendon avowed, is “ legalised I’aud that intolerable burdens and insecurity have taken all heart and pith out of Irish indus try ; and that the heartburnings and scandals will continue, the land lie half-tilled, and the Irish tenants waver, with the seasons, between lives of pauperism and deaths by famine until the entire system is torn up by the roots, and the peasant made the owner of the laud he tills. 