i A'. REAL CIOST S'TORY. d Tho Athenosun, publishes ia remark s able statement Iby the Rev. Dr. Jessop, I. head-master of the Norwich Grammar r school. On the 10th of October, 1879, ,f Dr. Jessop drove over from Norwich to v Mannington-hall, to spend the night at Lordn Oxford's. After stating that a Spleasant evening was spent, during 7 which conversation did not for a moment turn on the supernatural, the r doctor says: "The main object of my going over to Mannington was to examine and Stake notes upon soene very rare books in Lord Oxford's library, which I had been anxious to get a sight of for some years. I asked leave to sit up for some honrs to make transcripts. By eleven o'clock I was the only person down stairs, and I was very soon. busily at f work and absorbed in my occupation. I continued at my task till nearly-one o'clock. I had got on better than I shad expected, and I had only one mote book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of selt zer water, and I remember thinking to myself that I should get to bed by two after all. I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and was just begin ning to think that my work was draw ing to a close, when, as 1 was actually ewriting, I saw ita large white hand with in a foot of my elbow. Turning nmy head, there sat ai figure of a somewhat large man, with. his back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and ap parently examining the pile of books that I had been at work upon. The man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely-cut reddsish brown hair, his ear and shaved check, the eye brow, the corner of tie right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large, high cheek-bone. 11e was dressed in whait I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical albit, of thick corded silk or some such material, close iup to the throat, and a tnarrow rim of edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a standing-up collart, and fit ting close to the chin. The right hand which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pres sure, the left hand ; both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were conspicun ous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasqnez's magniflicent ' Dead Knight' in the Na tional Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sutre that lie was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alasrm, or even unleasiness; cturiosity and a strong inte rest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil; then I thought, ' Upstairs I have a sketch book-shall I fetch it ' There he sat, and I was flascinated ; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretclled it out to the iile of books, and moved tihe top one. I can not explain why I (lid this--my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disallppointed and nothing more. I went on with my writing itas if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and I h-td actually got to the last few words of wlnt I had determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own; I turned my head again to examine him more closely, and I was framing it sen tence to address to him when I dis covered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and inished writiing the two or threea words I had still to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousuess. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when lie disappeared. Having linished my task, I shut the book and i threw it onil the table; it male a slight noise as it fell-the figure vanished. Throwing myself hack in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking att the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, andt I remember wondering lwhether siy friend would come again, and if he diil, whether Ihe woull hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread and suspicion that I was begin ning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning, then I rose, lit my bedroom candle, took miy books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and replaced five of the volumes; the sixth I brought back and laid upon tile table ihere I had been writing when the phantom did me the honour to ap pear to tme. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out the four candles and nimarched off to bied, lwhere I slept the sleep of the just or tile guilty, I know not whbichl, but I slepit very soundly. This is a simple, unvarnishled narrative of fitcts. Ex planation, theory, or inference I leave to others." Dean Stanley's permtission to allow a ssttae of Louis Napoleon itn Westmin stcr Abbey has arossesd hostility otn all sides. Tie Pall Iall Gacette says it will Ibe a ldesecration of tihe noblest na tional sllrine. Time Queen urges the Ineatsoire. L:alies will wear waistcoats precisely like tile gentlemen's this winter. This wtrill cause fearful trouble. For instance, swhen a manried mant goes to ibed he will have to put a cllilk mark on hIis waistcoat, or next morning hlie nmay slipl on his wife's andt not dliscover hIis misitake until he inserts his tsthumb and fore-finger into hIis righit-Ihand ptocket for tihat " half-crown," and finds a bent hair-pin or a drless button. Then, no s dloubt, hlie will stltuddenly rememhber theOr iwas ai sovereign in the hl-ft-lhand pocket I of hIis wavistcoat, and i five-pountd note in his watch-pocket, andt then yon will see him "do" a mile in about one minute fifty seconds. 