A LOCAL GHOST ADVENTURE OF THE OLDEN DAYS. AT various times I have been called upon to relate an adventure which occurred to me in the year 1856, and as I have little to do at present I have thought that by committing it to paper it might prove interesting to some of your readers, especially to those old residents on the Clarence who may have heard at the time, or since, of the Black Creek Ghost. I was at the time I write of considerably younger than I am to-day, but having been brought up in the bush I had none of the fears of hobgoblins and bogies such as notun- frequently trouble young people of a like age who find their homes in our towns and cities, and who are thrown less upon their own resources, and have less knowledge of the strange things to be seen and heard of in the wilds and soli- tudes of the bush. Indeed I may say at this time I knew little or nothing of fear. I was one of several young fellows of about my own age who, being full of life and vigour, were prepared to encounter anything--whether it came in the form of a wild bullock, an unruly horse, or a savage blackfellow, and possibly I may have thought of "goblins damned." Having something to do at the time with the mail contract between Grafton and Tenterfield, through the conduct of a drunken mailman -- whose name need not be mentioned, as he is still in the land of the living-I was compelled to perform the duty of mailman. In those days the journey took three days going and coming. The stages made were-- Graft0n to Gordon Brook, thence to Tabulam, thence to Tenter- field, with intermediate change stages at Yugil- bar, Fairfield, and Black Snake Creek. On my way up to Tenterfield I found that the dismiss- ed mailman, through his dissolute habits, had knocked the horses about in the most shameful manner, so much so that, combined with the scarcity of grass--it being the winter season- the poor brutes were little able to do more than carry their skins. By careful plodding along however, I managed to reach Tenterfield all right. On my return journey I made my first change of horses at Black Snake Creek : there putting myself on an ordinarily plucky old nag named " Chester,'' but very much reduced in flesh. The journey from Black Snake Creek to Fairfield was not so easy in those days as it is to-day, and by the time I reached Fairfield my poor old horse was all but done. My trouble may be judged off, then, when I found on reaching that place that the horse I expected to carry me the following fifteen miles to Tabulam had wandered away; and could not be found. Night was approaching, and much against my inclination I was compelled to re-saddle poor old "Chester" for the next stage. I proceeded on my way as carefully as I could, fearing that I might either have to camp for the night, or do what might be equally unpleasant--" hump" my saddle and the mail to Tabulam. On reaching Tea-tree Creek the shades of night gathered around, and it was with the greatest possible difficulty that I could get my old horse along in a walk by occasional appl- cations of my switch. In fact, I found did I not do this he would come to a "standstill," and seek to browse the scanty herbage along the roadside. The night was dark with some- what clouded sky-the darkness being intensi- fied by the sombre foliage of the tall trees in that locality. There was perfect stillness around me, awakened only by an occasional weird-like call of the curlew, or the startling chirrup of the flying squirrel as he impelled himself on outspread arms from one tree to another. Creeping along, therefore, in such solitude, I at length reached Black Creek, rather more than two miles from the river at Tabulam. On desceinding into the creek, I gave poor Chester a taste of water to refresh him a little, although he bore upon him those cold sweat patches--as I felt his shoulders and flanks from time to time--so ominous of an approaching " knocking up." I knew him, however, to have plenty 0f pluck; in fact, his heart was right, and noth- ing but absolute weakness caused him to be in the state he was. After remaining in the bed of the creek for a few moments, I proceeded on my way. On reaching the top of the bank on the 'Tabulum side, both I and, strange to say, Chester were startled by something rushing by us on the right hand side. I looked in the di- rection of the rushing noise, and saw an indescri- bable object, about the same height, apparently as the horse on which I sat, gliding along in the same direction I was going, at no great dis- tance from me, on the other side of the road. From this object Chester kept sidling away, as if in great terror, so much so as to leave the road altogether, plucking up, as it were, at the same time, fresh vigour. Finding my poor weak horse was frightened, need I say that I was in great terror; possibly, if I could have been seen at the time by any of my friends, they would have perceived my hat lifted some inches above its usual position on my head, and " each particular hair on end like quills upon the fretful porcupine." It was some mo- ments before I could decide what to do--my wits had almost left me. My horse kept still moving away, while our terror was still mov- ing parallel to us, my eyes being fixed upon it, vainly endeavouring to make out its form. At length I gave Chester a cut with my switch ; he started into a cantor, and never slackened his pace until we roached the river. Crossing the river, I at length reached the hospitable house of the late Mr. James Jordan, and it was with the greatest possible difficulty I could find strength to unsaddle my horse. On enter- ing the house, my looks betrayed that there was something wrong; but, although strongly pressed, I kept my secret. So unwell was I that I could not even take a cup of tea, while for the remainder of the night I scarcely closed an eye. The following day I came on to Gor- don Brook, and that night I related to some of my friends there my strange adventure. Much to my surprise, they told me of a circumstance I had never heard of before, that was that a man had been killed at that particular place some years previously, adding some statements of curious incidents connected with the death and subsequent occurrences in the vicinity. Now had I known of these things on the, to me, eventful night, it is quite possible, in pass- ing the place in the dark, some thoughts on the subject would doubtless have ocourred to me; while a wallaby or kangaroo grazing on the bank, disturbed by my sudden appearance out of the creek, might, in connection with my thoughts, have worked up my imagination until it created the indescribable object I saw. But there was none of this previous knowledge, so I was, and am, constrained to think it was not all a creation of my imagination, especially as my horse was apparently as terrified as myself. What we saw, I am not prepared to say, nor can I even imagine. On my return to Tabu- lam on the next journey up I related my ad- venture to the Jordans, when they--who had been residing at Tabulam at the time the un- fortunate fellow referred to was killed at Black Creek-told me that on one occasion a man, an overseer at Tabulam, returned home after night so much disturbed in mind with what he had seen at Black Creek as to bring on a severe ill- ness, which lasted for several days, and nothing afterwards, would induce him to go near the place. All that he would tell about it,was that he had seen something which had frightened him very much. Another man, known to many of the old residents of Grafton as Kettle Jones, camping, along with some other teamsters at the Creek, on going down to fetch a bucket of water in the evening-- but in broad daylight- saw a man sitting on a log, but who suddenly disappeared on Jones going towards him, and although he (Jones) called out several times, nothing more was seen or heard of the myste- rious stranger. Several other statements of a less authentic character were made to me by Mr. and Mrs. Jordan, any one of which, had I previously heard of them, might possibly have caused me to have some dread of an apparition as I crossed the Creek ; but having, as I have already said, no knowledge or thought of any- thing of the kind, makes to this day my even- ing's adventure with " old Chester " the more mysterious. Of course on that trip I took pre- cious good care that I did not cross Black Creek after dark. I did not visit the locality again for several years, but since that time, and es- pecially during the active mining operations on McLeod's Creek, I have passed the scene of my adventure at all hours of the day and night, but I never saw anything which I could in the most remote degree connect with the supernatural. 