DR. TORREGIANI. This Italian Bishop, the apostolic successor of the famous Dr. Mahoney, of "loviug notoriety," came from his diocese at Armi- dale to preach the sermon on the great occasion of the consecration of Dr. Fravsse as Bishop of New Caledonia. He is a comparative stranger, as he has been in the colony only a few months. He cam e here with the usual flourish of trumpets, as a great man, a great scholar, and a true successor of the Apostle, to build .up what the "loving " Mahoney had done his best to destroy : arid, when he went to ' his diocese, he was welcomed as an angel from Heaven, as a real -genuine article from the land of- popes and true religion.; We were curious to know what could be his ; calibre, his power, his' 'scholarship ; and therefore we were well pleased ;to know that he was to be- the orator on the . occasion of an episcopal exaltation in St. Mary's ; and of -course we inferred that the affair would be particularly -good, since admission on a Sunday was to bo by ticket, at five- shillings ' for the front seats,- and two-anu-sixpence for the back seats— good enough and ; dear enough for \- the poor. : 1 Well, we paid for admission neither the five shillings nor the two-and- sixpence. We' knew 'better than to spend' a?' single penny ; and we thought' more of '. the riioney than' of -the tinsel - glory that was to form the chief- part of the -show'; and now that- Freeman - has given ' us : the sermon, - evidently from tho: manuscript of the preacher, we are- forced to say that it was a poor affair— awfully dear at five shillings, too derar at - half-a-crown, and dear if the price had been a- three-penny bit. 1 - ' Let ns not- be ' thought envious. We have read the sermon - and duly considered it. And whether it is regarded as a Hterary production, as an exposition of Scripture as a logical essay, or as a scholarly and masterly defence of a position, it is abso lutely beneath contempt. Worae than Dr. Yaughan's, which are always poor enough, it has the usual mark of all Popish sermons, viz.: that the preacher has learned a certain chalked-out line of remark which he dare "not-' pass. A skeleton has been furnished him : and he simply covers it over with a skin: -He has been told what lie must - say, and be must not vary it. His masters have given him a copy or a -model" which lie must adhere to. ' And so, timidly,- stiffly; like a wheel in a rat, lie : goes round and round, what has been said fifty times, and fifty times refuted — retailing falsehood in spoonsful, which have been proved beyond doubt to be rank impostures. ' ! Let us see. Dr. Torregiani took the passage, which all Papal preachers and writers most grossly misinterpret and mis apply, without even the shadow of proof: " As the Father hath sent me, I also send you . . Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Freeman gives this text as from John cxx. The Protestant reader of his Bible, of course, will know, that John's gospel has no such chapter as one hundred and twenty ! Probably it is a printer's blunder ; but the fact is instructive that Popish printers as well " as Popish priests are very imperfectly acquainted with their Bible. Be this, however, as it may, the question, one would think, which should be first asked, when such a text is quoted, is, " To whom did Christ speak these words " ? The answer is, of course, " To tho apostles." So far all is clear. Christ sent His apostles forth. He breathed on them. He gave them the Holy Ghost. And he said to all of them, what Dr. Torregiani, for a very obvious reason, which will appear further on, care- fully and designedly left out," " Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted ; and whosesoever sins ye retain, they are retained." Protestants, never dispute these powers and privileges as given to the apostles. But then, the next step is, Did Christ give these powers and privileges to any after the apostles ? Here is where we demand proof; and here is where Dr. Torregiani, like all his brother Papists, have none to give. Dr. Torregiani did not dare to give proof. He did what is far more easy, he slurred it over and took it- for granted, and he quietly assumed that as Christ gave the apostles certain powers, therefore He gave to Dr. Vaughan and Dr. Torregiani the same powers. " Never was logical limping and jumping, so pre posterous and absurd. The apostles gave signs and evidences that they had the power which they had alleged ; but Dr. Vaughan and Dr. Fraysse, and all the other doctors, Dr. Torregiani included, cannot give the shadow of a sign that they have the powers which they pretend to have. Milner Stephen is more con sistent than these bishops are ; for Mr, Milner Stephen pretends to have the gifts of healing ; but these successors are utterly barren of proof that they have the signs and gifts and qualifications of successors- of the apostles. We adinit that Christ said to His dis ciples,: " As the Father, &c.; . Receive ye the Holy Ghost, &c.;" What then ? Show us that Christ said these words to any other than the Apostles ? Dr. Torregiani cannot show this ; and thus, therefore, he fails in the very point where he ought to be clear. John Brown is legally entitled to an estate ; John Jones claims to be his heir. Well, what is wanted is, not that John Brown was so entitled, that John Jones was qualified to succeed him. Dr. Torregiani did not dare do this ; for he felt that he 'could not; and so he did what almost all Papal orators do— "he took it for granted," and trusted that " the faithful " would not see the gross imposture of that big, fat, and clumsy " Claimant," who shows in his very face that he is a butcher imposition ! Setting out, then, with this Papal begging of the question, Dr. Torregiani j roceeded to say to his , " dear children in Christ," that the consecration of . a bishop is " one of the grandest ceremonies of .tho Catholic Church." Pity that none of the Apostles thought it worth while to speak of the " ceremony " ; and still greater is the pity that not one of them went through it, tbat in all after-ages the " long ceremony " might be Attended/ to ./ with ') apostolic correctness! If ihei Apostles Kliad ever, thought of -the corruptions of popery ;it is possible tii at they would have drawn up a Pontificate ; but, good men and simple as they really were, the grand and gorgeous ceremonies of Popery, to draw the crowns and half-crowns, were never thought of by any of them ; and, when they ordained bishops, they never thought of Pontificalo splendour and money. ' : Dr. Torregiuni haying thus 'got rid of difficulties, then proceeded to, show the V divine origin of the Catholic Episcopate; its mission,. and progress." Hero was a theme ; ' and, now, therefore,. wo shall have the most glorious corruscatioii3 of. eccle siastical light, scattering every particle of heretical darkness ! , Alas ! we are never sure of anything wlieii' we are listening to Popery ; for just at. the point, when . wo expect to get .the light, we are ; plunged into the depths of midnight darkness. Por., example— -Here is the introduction of Dr. Torregiani's proof of ! the divine origin of the Catholic Episcopate, its mission and progress : — /... iU "To realize this idea,, saysr ho. "What idea?" ''We -must: reflect, "fori a few moments , on f the, Avonderfuli works of., God,, both imminent andi transient ; , that. , is, internal;: in, Himself, . and external with i;egard,to. Prom that moment that never. passes away,! that lias neither beginning - nor; end, . nor. succession of other > moments ; from that; .inomenb thai; measures,, the! past, present,' -and future with .regard to us, and yet, in; -regard to itself it is never measured -by any other moment, God /says, and contem plates Himselfj; so,, to speak, and ,, in 'that iperfecb' and infinite vision of His, to sec! .His own imago and. the. .terminus of His divine intellect, the brightness of His glory and the figure of His substance, His eter-i .nal and most beloved Son." Now, wliat jargon and silly twaddle could surpass this,? ,Ib is drivel. ; It is mockery under the, .guise ; of piety ; ., and ., the .picture, is .ludicrous : tkatthe.,, Popish Biddies , and . Paddies of, the ; holy St., Mary's , could .com-- .prehend a,great bishop /uttering such rujij , hishj under, tkeinqtibn that he y/as. V speak- fing mysteries, ,'r ' . a ' <7, j v -But .again, Dr. Torregiani goes on,, amid _ tbevwondering admiration of .his -intellect-- ;ual audience/.— ,< j ; ! perfect and infinite; love that -passes' ibotweien the,- father ;V and .the, /Son is; the . only .-.spirit of - God, , the . Holy , Ghost, ...that .proceeds '£pm'th'eEatneh'aud.'Sonl /From "that eternal 'ihdmeht'.God'decrded to ''manifest outwardly ; His /divine attributes of power/ wisdom, /and' -love. , Hence. in accordance with His decree, Ho created, out of nothing .all things , visible 'and 'invisible Viewed lib .'His. .divine .mind/.. Having ' completed the creation of the world, Ho created mam to His own imago and likeness, and placed 'jhim in the .world to; rule . over, it. in accordance with His , divine.- will;.. So ; long as man re mained true 'and .faithful 'to/Ins Greater .every- ' thing' was in perfect' order but 'the moment 'man' transgressed' the law of God, then disorder i began, andi' a fearful, revolution! took . .place between the spirit and the -.flesh, and even the bruto creation refused to listen to the voice, of man who had 'rebelled ! against' his God. In this fearful; calamity man was going from' bad rto worse. The gates of the. -Heavenly Jerusalem were , at qneo- sluit vup/ against ' the whole/of . mankind, and man was left to suffer and feel ' most, aecutely the ' conBequenees of his sin 'of .'disobedience' and : rebellion.- A -promise; how- . ever,, was made by, God; to man, , after ' his fall,- . that a Redeemer should come some . day, to save hiin from all his calamities, from sin, Satan, and Hell ; but the. time was not appointed. Hence » man was i working, was doing severe penance .for the ' first two ".thousand years under the . guidance- of the Traditional \VoiA of God : for , the second period of another two thousand years " hndfer the ; guidance' of both the' Traditional' and 'Written Word of tho Most High. When this second period was passed away the happy, moment arrived when God sent. His beloved .Son to bring man back to himself, and thus man is guided in this period of grace, not only by ftho Traditional and the Written Word, but also /in a special mauner by the Incarnate Word of God. Tho Son of tne living Father took to Himself a human nature in order, to help man to carry his hyavy burden, in order to suffer. and ' 'die 1 for Aim, and thus savo him from eternal perdition. This period of grace is to last until the, end of the world.; and the Son of God -.wished, .to ; perpetuate, His mission for- tho salvation of ; mah; by establishing a Church to \- carry on His holy work." ; / "We give ( this long extract that the babies among .our, readers may be' able to ' judge of the .'immehse advantage of having a, successor'' of tbe Aposfcles to preacb! to tliem, and of ' having cohhection with/ the Pope, as /Christ's! rYicqr. .; This , weak . twaddle is 'called pleaching 1/ This school boy saying offa lesson is eallod/true .Gospel,! Foi/ instance,'" "The perfect and /infinite love, which passes from /the Father . arid;; the Son Is the' otily. , Spirit , of ' God, \- the Holy Ghoat, , that proceeds from' the Father and the Son." The love is! the Holy Spirit ! If this be not heresy, /what is ? Then, at 'some " eternal moment God decreed to manifest outwardly his atti'i- putesof. power, wisdom, and love." Is / not this eternal " nonsense ? ' As if God could manifest/ any thing not "outwardly"! and as if tliere'yvas ever a momeub.wbpn God|s -pouter tand:. wisdom and love, we.re .not /manifested !'./! Then, when man; fell, lie was' going from bad to worse, find then at once the gates of the heavenly Jerusalem wore shut, agtrinst, i/icic/ioZc. /human- race;" What powers of 'description Is ' Tfieri'mnn "did penance " for two ' tlipusnndvyears guided by the traditional word of God." It was; long " penance " ; but it 'is bnly; tradition 7 Then, .there were two thousand' years iuox-e of severe , penance, guided i by the " written word, of God." ; , Dreadful! that the '.' written ..word ; shquld ibe able. to guide any,; especially! as . then ' there/was ! no Pope /, i No . infallible leader 1 ; , Ah !' but 'qi fhdAfMppy.-immt,, " a church " wus set up to carry gn phrisl's, holy, work .- ! and that jchurqb was ; tb e : Holy j Cli urcli of Rome 1.. . See. what a wondrous . strido 1 See how logic jumps ? See how the Papal! Oliurch is .proved;!, - Never.; was, such -a scholarly demonstration of " Quod erat' demonstrandum",!, ...... ;' ' One niore extx-act ; "To avoid any confusion and , uncertainty .In1 the minds of the children of men, the Son ofi God wished to perpetuate His holy mission— the; Balvation of man — through His Gh'uroh as Ilei established it — that is, with one visible Head! and orgauized members. That was His insti-j jtution. Jlenoe it is that among/ His .apostles! He cli03e one to fulfil this office. of high priest,' chief pastor, and visible head of His whole: :C_hiiroh, giving him special power and juris-; diction over tho sheep and the shepherd. This' ohospn apostle, was St. Peter, to whom Christ1 said ; " thou art Peter, and upon this, rock, I; build my church, and the gates of Holl shall; not! prevail against it, "—and "I will glvo' to' thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven,' what-; .soever thou slialt bind, on earth it shalt be bound1 also in Heaven,' and whatsoever tliou shalt; Ioosb; on earth it shall be. loosed also in; Heaven."' Again to Peter Christ said; "I have prayed for! thee that thy. faith fail not; and thou when thou' art converted strengthen thy brethren. Peed' my lambs, feed my sheep." . Y I Here ia a specimen, of Popish- italentw-1 irixirig falsehood with truth— lyingfwith. a' face , of .-. brass— aiid (-taking,., for -grantecl everything .-.'to /be proved.' "iqtiWlV.'V-/to! avoid confi?siot?/':.sdys I)iv Torregiani, the ,Spn. , of God sefc j ;tip . ,tlio \ clnu;ch and.,- the' -P.op'b.Ad, bade/all the .w.qrklj bpw.dqwh ,to if : this , , was tho. work .offthe S.onjof Gojcl,. He; has. net lieen very, successful.; rjfqi worse confounded /does exist, and ; tl.io !®lp,< 9f /Dr. /Torregiani ..does notj.im-- fproye it. Pejsays. tliat , Christ! estabiished: His churcli with /'.one . visible .head , and organised,. members.';!, herw./He -says .that He ehose one ap.os tie. ,tq..bef the, high Pfitj chief, pastor and .. visible, .head; i of .the whole church." Where and ;when ?, Witli Weak audacity- the Pqctpi/quo,tes.the woi-ds -T-/ ' Thouart Peter," ifcc., andagain,,"|I haye prayed for .tliee ; rfepcl my, lambs ;. feed my sheep.". /But is this.,a proof jofi.the'thing alleged.?/ Dr. 'Torregiani. icnows that ..the words quoted are, no-proof,, as. some of t , the best of the Fathers show ; and lie 1 hiows that so far -were - the- words— " Feed my! sheep, feed my lambs—from; designing to/ give Peter exclusive authority, as the popei . among , the, apostles,' that they, wore spoken to raise , Peter to an equality with theni .from -tho shame . ;a.nd sin of .his fall . and denial. ; - Deliberate,-, perversion-; and fraud .are/needed to .found. on; tlio passages ; here .quoted ; so , monstrous v an assumption - as that of the popedom of Peter. Ou such ..evidence as . is thus produced, to sustain the awful claims of Popery, Dr. Torregiani would not risk the; title of a horse paddock adjoining his, chapel,; which lie wished to buy. Yet: this; is the whole evidence, o( what is called, the :" divine origin of the Episcopate of the Church of Rome !" / : The Doctor next, and with, equal effron tery, proved what lie, calls the. spread of the Episcopate. Thus he began : Peter laid hands on Matthias ; Paul , took, the, place of James ; Paul took .Timothy as coadjutor; Titus," &c.;, &c.; Now, all this is distinctly false. . Any one who will read the, passages in Scripture, Acts.i., will be amazed at the audacity of a Popish Bishop; and as for Paul taking the place of James, and then taking Timothy and Titus as coadjutors — the whole thing is purely a Papal fabrica tion. Yet Popery needs such "got up " accounts to make the story run, and to show the beautiful links in the chain of Papal succession 1 But if the Doctor will produce one passage, or one word, which says or even hints, that Paul, or Timothy or Titus, or any one else, recognised Peter . as the Pope, or regarded him as the visible heai! of the church, having jurisdic tion, he will be .excused from the charge which we now lay against him, viz., that he is conscious that his sermon was a fraud upon the ignorant people that were listen ing to him. In conclusion : There is one thing more which shows us that, Dry Torregiani some times stumbles on; the- -margin of truth, although even then; ho perversely and wilfully shuts his eyes. He says, " Paul wrote that marvellous letter to Titus on, the duty of q bishop towards his): flpch."., :jWelK: why; did nob, the preacher give the- particulars! from! Paul's' .own; words, ...that "tlie Catholic people might for once know what the Bible requires as the qualifica- ;tiona and duties-of a true bisliop. ? Why /d'M' 'Hnot'fqU on/pr. "Frayse to listen to 'Paul on " the .duty pf/a bisbop ?" There was'a reason. ' Hb '.knew that if be had 'placedsidebysiclewliattlieBiblorequires. with -what ; :Romo .requires, / .the . people ' would have seen too " clearly " , the mar-; iyellous difference and conti-adiction. For ; example : the Bible :saysrrr"i A (bishop! . j the husband of one wife " : .but Rome says,; " A;bishop must not ;have a wife ; if; "he: bus one, ho must be- deposed; and if lie .thinks of taking one, lie must; be degraded; as unchaste and a! heretic 1" Again :. the! Bible says, " A bishop / . . having faithful; children " : : but -Rome says : " if a , bishop; has children, even faithful ones, they are; bastards; sacrilegious children; and a bishop! who has children— as Bishop Mahqney, .Dr.j Torregiani's predecessor is .said to/liave! had— must be deprived: of liis bishoprick,' and sent to Borne, to do penance at the the feet of the Apostles!" Is it not strange that Dr. Torregiani should stumble; on '/the marvellous epistle"; of ..Paul to; Titus, on the duty of a bishop, when, in contradiction of , that epistle, Bishop Mahoney left Armidale; -and Dr. -Torre giani took his place 1 - : I We are much obliged to; Freeman, who ' Has" told us with an innocent / particularity that the " Pontificalo Eonianuni," used by Dr.- Vaughan in the : late : ceremony of " raising a; Bishop," and which is carefully '"'k'e'pf ; at St. John's by piv GiIlett,'''Sviis publish'ed'in the year 15G1 ".(tlie Elizabeth- ian period)!" We are glad'to be informed of this little fact; which 'Ffemhdn evidently considers important,' as assuring ' tbat ' th o editiori'used' was ! no' modern 1 affair/ 'no modern 'emendation, no modern adaptation, but 'a' gen'uine' ' edition, ' in which ' Popery,, in its time of1 .greatest ,puritylsia :to/be! found. ''We' also1 consider 'it 'im pbriant;' for! : a ' reason1 which' -will sobu'- '--appear.'rIn! 1850; ' when Cardinal-' Wiseman 'entered upon:; the - wo'rlc of: bringing0 back-"; 'England to tho'"" centre" of unity,", 'certain ceremoriies were' performed', "'arid'an edition' of the Pontificate Eomdnum.' was used oil! "that 'great ' ocoasioh.' : DK1 'Cumrhihg,1,;ithe' famous Protestant" champion ;df!!E'ohdoh,: 'called the attention of the'Eiiglish'peqple to tlie oath which Cardinal Wiseman1 had sworn when lie ' became' : " Archbishop 1 of 'Westminster;"'! / He: 'quoted'' from 1 "tlie Pdntifcale - Edmanum:)' published' 1627. Anxious r to state' > only the trutli bf': the :matter, 'ph1 'Gumming 'procured another; edition;- ; " revised/ and- issued and based upon/the authority of two Popes, Glemeht! ' VIHv ; and - U r baW Villi, " dated "Rome; ;'1:7 38. TliW ' Certain ;tb'ac-ie: was /quoting books' of which' there could' be no mistake,' lie'-' extracted this portion -o'f iJthe oath which every /bisliop And archbishop at don- secration must take, ' and invited every Englishman to consider and; understand, what a terrible oath it is :— ' ' . - " Hereticos,/ schismaticos.pt. rebelles eidem 'Domino, vol ' auecessoribua ' priedictis' riiorossE rEESEQUAll ET ijnmONXBO. ' ' f ! '" ! That is, ." Heretics, :schisinatic3, and rebels against the sanle, our ; Lord, or aforesaid successors, I will persecute and/ fight against -with, all my power!." When the English public! saw 'this/oath, there was no' small Btir. .Cardinal Wiseman and his bishops and others were conscious ! ,tliafc .they' must do something to alldy tlie! indig- nation which was being exhibited by/ the people. The indignation was lieightened by the general conviction that Wiseman's " advent " was a breach of . faith, and a practical setting aside of the grounds bh which tlie Catholic Emancipation Act had been passed. To make matters worse, Dr. Cumming published the fact that' he procured a third edition of the Pohiifieale Eomanum, dated ' 1815, to see if after two hundred and eighteen years the Papal Church, Btill exacted from its bishops on , their consecration the;same identicai !'perse'- outing oath ; arid he . found in the 1815 edition the / very, same words,/ witli' the bull of tTrbatf VIII. arid that of Benedict XIV. prefixed,.; to the fpllq,wing effect : — " This our f ontiflcal, restored and reformed Wo command, to -be observed in all the'ehurbbes of the world, (omnibus universi terraruih orbis ecclesiis,) even in exempt places. Resolving that the aforesaid Pontifical is in no part to be changed, in no part to be added .to, in no. part, to be sub tracted from," This was audacious: and astounding. It made quite -certain- that the infallible; and - authoritative commands of the Pope were to be obeyed, and that no other infallible could modify or alter the papal decree. And in the face of such definite law /the English people saw that erery| popish bishop consecrated among them was a sworn foe, to persecute and fight against them as heretics, schismatics, and rebels against the; Pope, to trie -utmost of their might. Cardinal Wiseman thought it necessary to deny what Dr. Cumming had alleged. Accordingly his secretary, one Francis Searle, wrote to the Times, saying " That that part of tho oath quoted by Dr. Camming, was, ;by u rescript of Pius VII./ 1 8 1 8, omitted in the case of bishops and archbishops! subject to the British Crown:"; ;/ The; /language! in/which this statement of the Cardinal's secretary was expressed was, to say the least of it, very suspicious. . ,, Here it is—-" In the copy of the pontifical kept at the the episcopal residence ' in Golden-square— tlie copy, perhaps, generally .used in the consecration of bishops in England— tho sentence is cancelled." -Now, why. should the cunning secretary ; say "perhaps ? Did lie not know the fact? .Why did he say "gene ratty" ? Were there exceptions allowed? Were there some .places oven in England where the terrible part of the oath might be used ? Obviously, it was a shuffle and a blind to mislead tho alarmed English people. V And, as. usual, with his kind, easy, soft,', trusting nature, J olm Bull was deceived by; the craft, .of the priest. But now, hero in Sydney; the : question crops up again. And how does it crop up ? Thus— Freeman tells us that, in the con secration ofs;Dr. Fraysse, T The copy of the Poatificale Eomanum used by JDr. Vaughan" was not ,tlio one of Cardinal Wiseman, kept at Golden-square, London, altered by the rescript of Pius iix 1818, but the one published in 1 5 6 1 , //ic Elizabethian period, : It was not, then, an altered copy. It has in it ;the, sentence . about perse cuting heretics and - rebels.": Dr. . Fraysse did swear ' that part ; of the abomixiable oath, ., Dr. Vaugban exacted it froni him. As Dr. Fraysse is hot to be under the British Grownj. there /could not.j be .any bbject'ih 'omitting the 'sentence referred to. Tho people of Sydney,' then; have pexnnitted , so base a transaction to be pex'petmtedihtheir nxidstf - The -man who is "a Catholic first " and an Englishman lafte'rwavds " '/did '.the/deed. '! He did it on a Frehchman.' ' He did' it, on; otir. English soil,. to send .forth .a.Fretichmati to New Caledonia, to persecute, . and,, fight against our Protest'ant' jieb'ple'whb may be resident in New Caledonia !" Dx\ Vaixghan and his'sufiragaris took'advantage of the liberty (wbiclr our Prbtestatib" bouhtty gives them, to swear a'man to persecute/the Protest ants/in ' partibus irifideliixm— " the parts ' of infidels " 1 ' Such audacity is gloried in by Freeman ;'. and ' the ;authbx'ities of: the :land. are" hoodwinked!— The /little brag, that 'the- Pontificate Eomanum i/belonged to period,! deserves a con cluding xjehiark, ..j'Pbpe 'Pius.V. was the pope'vof .; the Elizabethian/ -.period, Who And; what was Pius V.;? '/What was tho meaningrof'the bishop's" oatli; Hereticos, ScH isitiatico's, (be. , / p ro poas e ,'persequar et impugnabo," in the Elizabethian period " . may be easily learned from what Pius V. did to destroy and crush Queen Elizabeth. It was he .who published a bull to dethrone -and/eveti. murder the Queen. , " Christ," said this infamous and bloodthirsty. Pope, "lias'constitutedme king /over all nations and realms, to pluck up, destroy, scatter, ?demolislx, and bujld." " We deprive the said'Queen::bf her pretended''right to the kingdori)/ ' and of all dominion/ dignity, and t privilege, . whatsqove, and we ab solve all liobles, subjects, and people of the kingdom, andi iohoev&r; have sworn to her, from their oath and all duty what soever." — Such was the language of the villanous Pope.- Such was the Pope's interpretation of the bishop's oath. Such was (the. infamous ;and tyrannous claim of the Pope to all power, over all the peoples : and nations of the . earth ! And lie, accordingly, as the icikq over all the earth, let loose, the! war-dogs and murdeirers , who thronged England to murder! .the Queen 1 -And what does Dr. Vaughan do every year, on the day of the .: blessed Pope V., .when lie is devoutly sayingihis prayers -and reading from his bi-eviary, "the- Priest's -Bible?" Why this : He says— " 0 God, who; in order to crush the enemies of. tho Church (ad con- terendos hostes) did'st deign to elect blessed Pius chief, priest, &c.;" How pious! The "enemies" whom Pius V. sought to; crush " were the Protestants of the "Elizabethian period." Dr. Vaughan gives God thanks that the said Pius V. waB raised up to do that holy work!! Dr. Vaughan has been abun dantly countenanced in such, "pious reli gion " and "pious prayer ;" for Pius IX., the late, Pope, made that. same bloody and persecuting Pope, Pius V., bis patron."— Thus, - he; , > Pius IX., prayed constantly ." for. patronage, to hiave the same courage as he, Pius V., had, and to be likt bim in guiding the flock of Christ by word and example !" — Are our readers not thankful to Freeman for his suggestive reference to " the Elizabefchian period T' Ah, " that copy of the pontificate at St. John's," if it could only speak, could tell many strange and awful things about the " Elizabeth ean period." . Many a bloody hand touched it. Many a Smithfield fire blazed before it ! Many a Papal : conspirator was s worn by its meetings ! It lie3 now at St. John's, , and Dr. Vaughan practises upon it. And there the outb, with its " persecuting clause," is to be found unmodified, for the special behoof of Dr. Yaughan, when orders come to him from Dome ; and when he charges five shillings for front seats at the show, and two shillings and sixpence for seats to the poor, gj At Lismore.— It is remarkable that the only place in this colony where anything unseemly, has happened in connection with the; Orange celebrations of this year, is Lismore, on the Richmond River. We have to hand newspaper reports of it which greatly shock us.' It appears . that the brethren of' L.O.L., No.- 99, had a very successful and enjoyable;' meeting on the 12th July. 1 1 The ' meeting was; held1 in the: Protestant .Hall, Lismore,, which was decorated in the usual joyous ; fashion, and brethren from all tholodgesround/tho district/ with their wives, ; sat down. to a' sumptuous dinner. After the good thing's had been'dispnsed of/ there, were speeches from Rev. Mr. Prazier,-' Chaplain of No. 99 Lodge, Brothers Britt, /McDonald, Gibson, and Biiillie. ' ' The; Lismore . paper, The Chronicle, gave a very, good report, which proved that the Orange body at Lismore is not ashamed of its standing - in' the ' district.; Thus ' far all was joyous and merry as a wedding bell. But the week after, the Rev. Hugh Livingstone, a|clergyman of the Church/of Eastern Australia, attacked tho Rev. Mr. Erazier in the bitterest spirit, and accusing Mr. Erazer of copying the facts of his address from, Chamber's Encyclopedia:! The. bitterness with which Mr. Livingstone - assails Mr. Erazer, and endeavours to convict him of dishonesty. ;is not; explicable; unless by referring ; to other : matters. . Mr. Livingstone belongs to what is called the, "Freer church " body, and of which Mr., Sutherland; in Sydney, is the leading clergyman ; and:, Mr, Erazer belongs to the other . Presbyterian ' Church known -as; the Assembly; of New South Wales; The latter is a, "union: man" : .but the former is anti-union, and thinks it , his . duty to - do all he can to denounce the union Presbyterian' Church as unfaithful and wrong. He : denounces all tea meetings of . churches, all hymns in church service, ancl all instruments in leading the singing. He is besides most active in his efforts to push the circulation of the Witness as the morgan of the body to which he belongs. A short time before the 12th July, Mr. Erazer, or some one of his church, , had occasion1 to allude to tho Synod of Eastern Australia, and 1 to claim that he, (Rev. Mr. Erazer) was a follower and admirer of John Knox. Thereupon Mr.: Livingstone inserted a 1 a letter in the paper in which the report of the Orange celebration and Mr. Frazor's speech' appeared, and the style of the letter is surely quito enough to explain all that' followed. 1 Mr. Hugh Livingston indulges in sueli strong language as this that we quote John Knox was neither a cci ward nor a liar " : " I have been bitten by a yelping cur": "Like a dog he has bitten me from behind " His remarks are a tissue of malicious .falsehoods " : "His impudence equals Bis (ignorance" &o.; : Such are the strong terms of bitterness, from the Rev. Mr. Livingstone to Bis .brother. 1 Well : as Mr. Erazor's speech appeared . in- the same issue, of The Chronicle as this, precious letter of Mr. Livingstone, it was fresh fuel to the. fire of Mr. Livingstone's zeal ; for in. the Northern Star, of the week after as Mr. Livingstone- rails at Mr; Erazers' speech at the Orange celebration, he does his best to convict him of vile falsehood'and plagiarism 1 Mr. Livingstone used to bo Chaplain of No. 99 Lodge, but Mr. Frazer is Chaplain now. Wo do not know the cause of the. change but we can easily guess it in the light. of the' letters of Mr. Livingstone above, referred to; It is singular that this revelation of spirit should1 be made at the time when the lodge at Lismqre'- was being asked by the. editor of the The Witness to support that papar— the. organ of Mr. Living stones views — as a Protestant paper, . i Denominational ewsyapers.'— The" in. dependent is. the: organ of the Congregational body, and advocates the principles and- iuterests 1 of. the Congregational Church. ,, '! The /'resiy- terian " is the organ of the Presbyterian.Ckureh of -New /South Wales,: and advocates..: the interests, and views :df Presbyteriariisra: ff "The Banner of Truth"' is the organ of the Baptist body, and ad vocates' the views and principles' of the Baptist-denomination. ''M-The Weekly Advo cate" is the organ of the Wesley an body, and ia upheld to advance the iriterests;and principles of WesleyaTiisra. And :" the lEi<«m" -is the organ'of that part of the Prbsbyteria'n Churoh1 of wliich' the -Rev, Mr. Sutherland -is tho -roputed head; and advocates' the' peculiar .and ! special views of that smallest of the' Presbyterian Churches in' this ' colony;— If t any'one1 of-" these ' Denominational papers asks -for the 'support' of' " Orange. Lodges " oil the; ground that: it ' is a: "Protestant paper,": all- these' are -entitled j to support from -tbe-'Iodges "on ' the 1 same.' ground'-; for they1 are : all' Protestant, '"and" all 'of 'them - give countenance' to tho; Orange body;' > But the ' onljr paper in New South Wales;1 -which is ex clusively a Protestant paper, -'owning no. Church connection, and advocating the peculiarities of no Church whatever ,is;1our own5?" Protestant- Standard"— We have Been a '" circular "which: has-been sent to the Orange'-; Lodges'-by one : of the' - above ; paper'sV:; 'asking -support/f bn''the ground'that it is " a Protestant paper."- -If any-' lodge gives support to that paper on the ground- mentioned, equally each - of "the -, above-named1 ' papers is entitled to support on the same ground;: But we; warn' the lodgeB against -bemg'-iimp'osed upon. - There is no purely Protestant - paper in tins colony hut the "Protestant Standard." All- th'b others are either secular - or Denominational. The lodges ought to, beware of supporting any Denominational paper, as the principle ; of Orangeism is — "No Denominationalism ; and every Protestant Church is equaL" " The Witness," — the paper referred to — has advo- oated most strenuously the "Bible combination" as opposed to tho "Public school system," to .which the Orange Institution has given in its most hearty support. " Tho Witness " is the organ of tlie smallest aud most exclusive 'Pres byterian Church in the colony. It opposes' all overtures to union ; it denounces all tea-meet ings in connection with Churches ;: it denounces , all hymns. in the service .of God : as sinful ; and, for a ..Church to. ;bo guilty of having a hnr-. mouium or organ in its service . of praise, the Witness denounces as a part of Popery which ought to bo swept out 1 If any Orange 'Lodge can support sucn a paper asj" tbo organ of such principles, it sacrifices the chief ground on which Orange Lodges rest, as Orangeism maintains the perfect equality of all the Protestant denominations. . The only paper which maintains this high and holy equality of all Protestant Churches is our own "Protestant Standard." School of Arts 'and Sunday.— We call the attention of the members of the School of Arts to the proposal which is to bo considered on Tuesday evg. next, on the question of opening the readingroom of the Institution on the Sunday -It will be remembered that this question has been1 already twice considered by the members, and onlast occasion was rejected by a satisfactory majority. But the members who are anxious to fall in- with the desire of the Brights and Tyremans of this city, are resolved to try the matter once again.- On Tuesday evening next the proposal is to- be submitted again that the 1 reading room should be thrown open on the 1 Sundays - at certain hours. We hope that the members who are apposed to this further secularisation of the Institution will be found tq: resist as before the proposal. There is not the remotest need for this anti-Sabbath agitation, Only the Brights and the Tyremans are anxions . to succeed. They have the Free Library open,: but this is not enough for them. They want the theatres open "and all them such places, as, in' the destruction of the Sabbath feeling lies their hope; -If the reading room be open,' there does not seem any good reason why1 the hall, should -not be' open ; and iif the hall be open, why should the theatres and the' shops- be shut?, The hope is that we should have a continental. Sunday. Dr. O'Connor.— Wo were at first' opposed to the appointment' of Dr. O'Connor to the position of surgeon of the gaol at Darlinghurst ; and we state/das much at the': time, .because there wore, mariy experie'rieed arid respectable medical:men who were applicants, and who bad superior claims ; but iu consequence of this we are, the1 more free to sympathise with him when' attacked, as.he has been, by some' writer in the Evening News, and denounced in terms the most brutal and unjustifiable. Dr. O'Connor, cannot bo said to be " painfully young," for such a position. , When a man has come to be between twenty five and thirty years of age; he is surely capable, in point of age, to hold any such posi tion. And then, to attack Dr., O'Connor, as heartless " was surely altogether beyond ,the bounds of newspaper criticism. So far is the' gentleman named from being open to the charge of "hea'rtlessness," that one who sees him or speaks to him would rather be disposed to say that he had too much heart for the trying work and heartrending operations which he must be called upon to perform. We stand up stoutly for, the " liberty of the press." We claim that the press should be untrammelled to deal with public questions arid persons with all proper severity, and! honesty : . but we cannot but say that Dr. O'Connor was most Bhamefully traduced when his " appear ance, and youth, and inhumanity " were made the Bubject of what iB called " a skit" in the: Evening N6ws.' Dr. O'Connor, as a legally; qualified and respectable medical man, ia en titled to the protection of the law whatever his. youth and appearance may be. We hope that as his youth ;i3 mending' every . day, he .will; riot suffer in his professional standing and prospects by what has, been so cruelly written against', him. -V Sharp "Work in France.— The Jesuits have fallen upon evil days in the land of the "eldest daughter of the Church;" They are; reaping their harvest. Their foul and perse-' cutirig principles are yielding therii the ' apples./ They were once full of1 joy when they1 expelled the Hugueriots '; but they are now full1 of wailing . when' they are being expelled themselves. They, orie'e sang- merrily when' they, saw? the streets' covered -with r slain arid blood,' and'- when1 St.' Bartholomew consecrated the terrible massacre ofthe -best 1 citizens of -Paris ; but : now their singing has' become - howling,' because they are told'to pack/up -their ' traps- -and' go-' to' some "place beyond- the .- seas which they may make their paradise. Ah 1 it is one thing to persecute, ' but, f another thing vto' be persecuted. Perse-1, -cutors never like/their own weapons, nor their1 own measure! ; ' But'-tho 'decree ' is- inevitable','' /France.will not have the Jesuits. - She- has too" much experience of their teachings and false- ' hood. ; She,- jhaslfouridfs what (tho "gospel io'f! Jesuitry"' deads 'to;" She Won't' have it. Arid' who blames her ? Has she not a right to pro' tect herself ? Is'she'tb be told that she should give " Jesuits " ":the liberty " which she gives1 to other sects and-religionists V' This reasoning may sujt the views/ cf -'some. who1 would turn " liberty into : licentiousness." j But 'nobody ' Believes in the>'liberty- of tigers -and snakes!,. ' Yriu may igive liberty - - to , harmless- ' insects Hand ' beasts ;:but the insects and Beasts that i destroy 1 and kill-'arid -' render -liberty impossible,1 ' mtgfit' -'to be >'doomed ;at Jeast expulsion. - -- Clb 'is the duty ol France to expel ' the 'Jesuits, i if- she has 'found that the presence and teachings of i Jesuits1 arq 1 destructive - to the': national' interests iof ' -France.- > This 'she lias found; : Those 'religious1, sects -and brotherhoods 1 which - teachhno such; antiiiational '-'and 'h destructive: principles.? are snffercd to remain. " ' ' The Church " is; free! in, France, ar' in1 England, -ito7 teach - and practise' wliat is called the roligion of Popery ; bnt tlien if the seet of the Jesuits teach dying, imurder,! and iriiinorality, which' ;.go to tho«destr,uction )of.the State; France is perfectly justified in'sayingl to those Jesuits; " You shan't have your schools !here." ' Go-to New Caledonia, ' or -to 1 1 "old (Cale donia, if the British are'very fond 'of you;-'.; Go- .to? Rome;: if: the Pope' loves you 'an djth o - Italian s believe in you. . Co to some of tbo islands, of the sea, and set up your paradise, and show us, in a Jesuit stato, the beauties of Jesuitry. ! Go to the United States, if tho Americans! will give you permission to sot up, like the Mormons, a community of your own, 'amid tlio mountains, valleys, or prairies of the great West ; go, and the devil go with you, anywhere you please'; hut here, in France, you shull not be allowed to teach your vile principles.", Franco, wb say, does well tliqn to cast out her,7eriemy.',7 Tho priests and .-bishops:- resist : but tbo order which; the French Minister, gave the Bishop of Avig non, who wished to ; harbour -some , of tho ex pelled Jesuits, may be remembered—" Let those mon go, arid that quickly." 7 The Lioenslngf Couift.— In the Central and-Water Police Courts, on: Tuesday last, tlie defect of the Suspensory Act, recently passed, was made manifest. That , Snspeusory Act ought to have bad a clause affecting removals of licenses from' one -place to another, as by such removals districts that have resisted ap plications for new licenses are exposed to all the annoyances and. injuries from which the Suspensory Act was intended to. protect them. |In: the Central Police Court there was an appli- cation from a Mrs.1 . Richardson to remove her license from Hay-street to Shine-street. ; The people in Shine-street . did not .want an- addi tional public-house,- in -their . neighbourhood. They are enpplied with a list that is sufficient for double tho population of the neighbourhood" And -the police objected to the removal on the ground that there was no (need, for, tlie: addi tional public-house in Shine-str.ee, and also be cause the woman 1 applying . bad ; before - been fined for insufficiently furnishing, the house already occupied by; her. . No matter. - As.the house. which' the woman was 'occupying iri'Hay-: street did not make her a1 living, slio wished to' try to make a , living , by a greater trade in Shine-street ; and so the . Shirie-street people must submit to the qxperimcnt and allow" the woman to try her best to push trade1 there 1 Two lawyers insisted/ on tbo objections iu the interest of the' neighbourbp'od ;"brit a lawyer with equal energy insisted "that' the, people in the neighbourhood had' no right to' cornplain and object, for. that tho woman ought to be allowed; to have the chance of mnking a liviug. ' Of what , consequonce was it 'that the tbo : neighbourhood .should, object-to Baye';a ;public-hquso'operied iu: their . midst, ' when a woman pubiiean was ' applying to mako hor. ..living ' by pushing trade' next door, to; them 1 . So the1 lawyer reasoried, arid ' the majority of tho beiieh agreed with bim ;' and' so the neighbours, ; resisting so1 stoutly, . wero coriipelled to: submit' to' tho - woman, and "the woman is'now at liberty to push her trade as much 'as possible;. Surely this .is a very hard case ! for respectable residents ;' 1 and the law ought n ot; to have any, snch power /for tlio /sake of publicans;— In the' Water Police Court/ the famous Bogan case came on for the seventeenth limed The Suspensory/ Act has put an end ;to applications for a. new license ; but, nothing1 riauritcdj.a Mr. M'Inernoy applied to reriiove his license from Redfern to the famous.'premises in Palmer-street. . Thus the object of the Sus pensory; Act is defeated by its own defect ; for tho Palmer-street people' are pestered and per secuted all the same, just 'as if the Suspensory Act had never been .passed. Every fortnight, for the next twelvo months, this application for a removal of a license may he (repeated 1 The last time was the seventeenth ;But. before long, the number may Become the twenty-seventh .' Arid there is no redress — no protection— -noi finality— no use in grumbling 1 Mr. M'Inerney was not ashamed. The law allows him. And1 Mr. T. M. Slattory was there to help him by; beseeching the bench not to be capricious iri refusing, his client's application! \Yell, it appears that the Bench was not capricious. It1 took Mr. Slattery's advice, for when theorise was put1 to the vote, the bench consisting. of 13 magistrates, unanimously refused, to ' grant the application. — "We trust that the Govern ment, next session, will be as good as its word, and' bring in a comprehensive bill for dealing with tho whole question. Tho public are now sufficiently: educated to demand and use the , principle of " local option." By this new-prin- ciple tho city is to bo saved. Father Lebioiar.— This gentleman, who used to be at Paddingtori," and became famous for'liotel building/ brick building, " arid priestly functions among the people at Woollahra some months ago, suddenly disappeared froni Sydney. /His name 'then appeared ' in the notices ;of the Insolverit 1 Court. - Some strange revelations : we're then made respsctirig' hirri;' arid' liis;/' money and/business trrinsaotioris; ' ; We are'not aware /tliat ho has .received' his 'certificate,' as/ lie Has ; never returned to ' Sydney to ask' for 'it/ - "It 'was said respecting ' 'him /that ' ho liad gone to - the Islands on a "'missionary tour." ... What (riaine Bq departed' in' ; 'what mission' he took ; arid , why he set /off so/Buddenly ribver was explaihed ;But ;.tlieifiicwa8/that/'yh'eri/,He1'wasfwanted'By''''bi8 ; creditors' he could riot/be found. ' We afterwards \ heard' that ho /had reached' the','/ Islands' ;"!b'ut wo never knew; that he had a ' 'mission', to con-; .Vert tbe savages'there." 1 DB Vaughan hris never qxplairio'dj/arid /never accounted //for the sudden; ffljmpeairanro/of -.''ori'e of ;his priests.'-1 -But it is- ' strange tliat wo should got particulars'1 from? 'Aineriea'/by the'- last; mail, just1 arriyed."'JWo 1 learn that the Rev.1 -Father Le'emirig 'must hara, left the ."isl(inds," as he has turned up in " San , Francisco. His'missiqrijto/" convert. thesa'vagos" 1 rifiiist Kayo /been' 'unsuccessful, /as he is'found .to; Baye become a leeturer on ; " Qneori Mary" in tlio halls1 of Sanr'Erancisco.1/" /Arid/ besides, ;tho: occupation ' of lecturer /iri' Srin Francisco cannot bavO li'een attende'd with 'any very/ '! savirig"' results j/'for1 we;;fiud:/ tlirit'Be; Ms'passed'/ori1 to 'the great city of ' N ew Y ork. 7 The ; following liatidbill was/, cireulated1'' through New -York / /about the lOth pf/Jnrieiast By this ' re v.' -Father,- i an(l, as he is described as a " D.'D." arid; as7 an /emirient/leetnrer from7 " 'Australia; " 'our readers: wiirdoubtless';rerid! it' .'with /iuterest, aiid: feel; highly honoured in/the friirio ofthe Australian; iecturer.1"'.'1- Here, is a /copy/' of/the / handbill " Mechanics! Hall;— By ' ripccial request/ the/ Rev. /Father Geoi'Wraig Leemiag, :D.D. ' (of Sydney Australia), yyill deliver , a lecture on : Thursday, ' J ririe ; 10, "entitled. /'Mary Queen of Soots.' Adinissiori 25, cents/; reserved - seats 50. cents; Doors operi/at 7!30/' Commorio'e at'8'p:m.- 1 So.it seems the' rev. 'Father lias a "mission" .to. retail Popish stories and historic perversions .about " Queen Mary."i.': She.fwris a'saint in the, s estimation of the - rev. : -Father. : Following? tho abovo announcement, on the same handbill, there are " Opinions of tho Califoruiau press ;" arid the account of tho lecture given , is, that Father Leeming ; is agreatorator, withasploridid voice, and with power " marvellous " in melting the audience : " to tears." ,. All this is duly /chronicled that the people of New/' York noiay Band out their twenty-five cents. : (or a. shilling)' or fifty cents, (or . two shillings.) Our frieuds at Paddington must surely regret the loris of Father Leeming, bub perhaps/ tlioy .will be're.ooridiled when they now know that ho is'oharmiug the people in America about Queen Mary. " Tlio Australian."— We have to acknow ledge tho receipt ofthe August - number of this monthly periodical. The character of the work is well sustaiucd. The article on tho famous Hill End diggings is concluded. Among the pieces which deservo : special notice/ and >, com mendation is that entitled — "In tho midst of life we are in death." In the , " trip to/ tho old world by tlio Orient lino," the author id as fresh and humorous as such a subject .will/ allow. / In the article, " Hebrew literature," there is a gathering of vory good observations, with perhaps, a too great readiuess to accept' the refinement and traditions of tlio, Fathers. There arc notices, of passing events, and local matters. .- '/'/- The Rov- Dr. Stool.— Our readers will be glad to learn that Dr. Steel, who Bas written us a very interestirig account of bis, trip; through America, is well, and has been - enjoying excel lent health' "since ho - loft this colony. The places which ho. has; visited: have opened; lip a new/world-; tp him ;! and his intercourse ; with leading men in: the 'different : churches has Been of the most useful ' arid profitable description. When ho wrote (IGth ' June) he was in Now York,; and about to:'8trirt on his passage across the Atlantic. - Ho proposes to do England, Scotland, and Ireland next. We wish him con tinued . pleasure and 1 good health7 during -his journeying. 1 ;We have no doubt that he will make good use of his observation - and that - he will return (God's good hand- being for1 him) much improved/ by/; his new: and varied;- ex periences.— WeAdd; -as/the --witness of a man of intelligence, and- integrity, that,-1 -having visi-ted Montreal, the head-quarters of Pastor Chiniquy, Dr. Steel/says /that the pastor's work is un doubted. Ho is held among those who know : hini best in perfect esteoin antl cohficlGnco,' Both, addressed the. Presbyterian Church ' Assembly on the character; "prospects, and: resources) of the Australian and Now Zealand colonies. -Grips / in Homo. — The children of /the " Great Whore " have risen up to "burn . her with fire." , !1 ho words of Scripture' are/being wonderfully fulfilled at the preso'nt lime, V'and even m tho "holy city.": Tho people of Rome having enjoyed the . blessings of Popery until .they have gone down to the depths of ignorance, superstition, and, immorality, are now, on their .discovery .of their oppression arid cruel' tyranny, hating their mother.'? : To. think that/in Rome : -. tho.peqplq" should form . anti-clerical associa tions ; to think, tliat they should regard 'the Church as tlio author of all their, bondage and degradation/; to think that tho demonstration of the falsehood of Popery as a religion and a morality, > should come : from Rome itself, where the Papal God has His throne ; arirl to thinkthat the children of tho Church should go about the city shouting,' ." Down with the priests this ;is; surely a striking fulfilment of the prophecy, " They Bhall liato her, strip her naked, and burn her flesh with fire,"— Of course, violence cannot be v justified, arid the violence of chil dren against their, mother is something /very terrible ;But ought not the mother to be content- if she reaps what she has sown ? '/' The Great Whore" has revelled in luxury arid crime, and .taught her children, to bo unnatural , and criminal. If now, therefore, they' turn -from the victims ; that used to . bleed under, their violence to hate their mother, let the mother only learn— " It is my .own fault. " ' / / Liffllt in Bolgium.— It is gratifying that' Belgium is escaping gradually from tho Papal darkness that used to- cover' her. She has in sisted/on legislation: about' schools arid 'liberty which has mortally disjpleased the Vatican. The Vatican relied on its ancient power to put- its heel on tho neck of the State, and to order laws or changes which would, suit its interests. But the Vatican finds "that its " day is coming in Beigium,".even asit has come in other places. /It/finds that the bogies that used to frighten the people, like black dolls- the children, 1 are now only laughed at. She finds that the "thunder" of tho altar that used to bring people to their knees, is now regarded as the Brummagem -thunder, of. small -theatres. The priest denounces from tho. altar ; but. the people, even those' who hear it, smile' mockingly .-at it. The bishop utters " his pastorals and thunders " no sacraments, no Benefit of clergy, and no masses for the dead.;".but tho people,- even those who have been wont to pay well for these Papal luxuries, say " only very well ; wo will do with out them ; and the priests /will perhaps be the ' first.to niiss <7ie advantage of the traffic ;"- and riot only /this ;:b.ut, the 'people continue to1 send their cliildreri to the Puhlie schools, ;i just (as if tho bishop had saved his ink/and paper 1 - But the priests arid the bishops have - been disloyal and treasonable'. / /The - issue has come in/ the /withdrawal of aBelginrn envoy from the Vatican. The Pope has felt tta- 'force /of : this ; stroke of indeporiderico of the'Bolgians/: for ho has written to tlio. bishops " bourisellirig 1 moderation," /and ' suggestinjg to his1' ' children " ; to1 " obey ;th« laws'!" -No matter-flight' has broken in. No . matter— the darkness is past. / No matter— the ' priests arid bishops will never get' back/ their /power ; for1 the peopleBave' tasted the swee3 of. liberty,; arid they will go on arid1 on 1 until 'they are free 1 ' "/:; ;;:!V . // "oadorful Doings in Spain-— The history of .tho . Jews - in Spain is. ono. which tells/ the world how Popery delights i.toVdp/w.itli: all "(heretics and schismatics.";. ,But/the/world is- changing; while Popery ...is/ /desiring; to stand /still.or go baok. The .longings of Popery are ; for the / " ages, of - faith, " . when/ Hebrews/ . were rribbed for the good of the Church, and .when their lives were sacrificed if . they dared to com plain.:: .But the lougings of /Popery are things belonging to _ the past., Even /in / Spain// the (-people/are saying— / Refuse to. -go : back/ to . the age? of faith." -Tho-people ; are .rather /'saying, \- " Excelsior— higher and yet . higher/ /in the 'enjoyment of liberty— moderri,- liberty," ./ Spi>A lias agreed to proposals for the " religious liberties " of the Jews. Spain has agreed to punish rulers, judges, officers, and other authorities who refuse to do justice to tlie Hebrews. And Spain publishes with approval and concurrence the resolution of the Sultan of; ; Turkoy that nou-Maliommcdaus — Jews and others — shall bo regarded as equal before the ' law ! What are things: coming to ? Spain; the land of tho Holy Inquisition, the land of faith - in tho Pope, thus overturning ' the foundations of Popery, and embracing the principles and practices cf the Protestant heretics ! 