E L A I N ES; OE, THE UNDYING LOVE. The housekeeper left her, and she began .to work busily. She had been there an hour or more when the impulse to look at herself again became irresistible. She went to the portrait and gazed at the pictured face. Which was her real self — the radiant pirl with the very heaves of love in her sweet face and the beautiful child in her arms, or the dark, sallow facod. wearied woman whoso heart was ashes F She looked from the portrait to the mirror. Was it possible that tho two could be the same ? The only point of resemblance was the mouth. The lovely lips in the picture were laughing, .ind their scarlet freshness was beautiful to see ; tho lips of The living woman were white, and had lines of weariness around them. ' Was I ever like that?' she asked herself over and over again. ' How beautiful I was ! lie might have loved me. I could love anyone with a face like that.' ? It was bo strange, H''« ghost of herself, of her past happy life, of her youth — this radiant lovely girl who smiled at her from the canvas, whose eyes seemed to say, ' There is a secret between us, and wecankeepit — you and 1.' ? That was lnysolf ,f she mused — ' the young Elaine whom everyone spoiled and every one loved. That is my lost dead self; and it seems to me a pitiful thing that I should so have died.1 The face entranced her; she could not leave it. In all the world there was surely never a stranger picture than this. ? I could never be so beautiful as that again,' she thought; 'that face is 60 young, so fresh, so happyj the eveB are full of love, the lips arc laden with it. I have no love and no hope now.' Yet she thought that eomo day, when she was quite safe, she would take away all Monsieur Bevaile'e disguises, and soo how she really looked. She went to her work again. Sirs. Bird, com ing in, expressed her great delightat what she had done. 'Lady Forbes'e keen eyes will not findthatout,' Bhe said, ' let her look as long as she will. You must not etay now to finish. They will be here directly; and the ladies like sitting in this room. You can finish it to- morrow ; they are going out again.' Once more Elaine turned to look at her pictured relf ; and Mrs. Bird, seeing her eyes fixed on the portrait, said — ' ? ? That is the picture of Sir Aldewin'e young wife, the lady who was drowned. She is very beautiful ; little missis is just like her. I say, after loving a lady like that, fair and sweet as an angel. Sir Aldewin will never fancy Mobs Forbes. If ever she wins him, it will be through the child he loves bo dearly. I was out of patience, when thev drovn off +fl-rlnv. to see* little missie seated on Miss Forbes'B knee, and she smiling at bcr and talking to her as though ehe waster own mammc. It is enough to make my lady come down out of her frame.' Mrs. Moore went back to her solitude and her sewing, but the work did net seem quite so easy to her after that. She found herself thinking continually of the lovely girl in the portrait, and going over again all the scenes of her life — that short life which had contained such a tragedy. As yet she had not come in contact with the child; she was carefully watched and guarded. She was seldom, if ever, allowed in the eastern iving, where the servants' offices were ; but that happiness was in store for her perhaps. Heaven might pity her because she had suffered bo patiently and bo long. On the day following Mrs. Bird came for her again. ? I have made Miss Forbes smile a little less brightly this. morning,' she aaid. ' I dislike that girl as much as I do her mother. She camo into tiie nursery, all smiling and grand, to ask that missie might be dressed, because slm was going to take her out- and papa would drive them. I heard her say it; and I said to myself, ' No, papa shall not drive you.' i So I did a mean thing. I went to Sir Aldewin, and told him that Ithonght along drive again to-day would not be good for Mies Victoria. ' Lady Forbes says she cannot have too much fresh air,' he said. 'Lady Forbes lost three of her children, 6ir Aldewin; mine have grown up well andstrong,' Ianswered. You oannut think how frightened he looked. He sect word to the nursery that' misaie might play on the lawn, but was not to go out for a drive. Than, when he had decided that the child was not to go, he helped Lady Forbes and Miss ForbeB into the carriage, and rodn himself. I am sure they will neither .of them enjo- theii drive; but it ?will teach them perhaps that my master cares for his little daughter, and not for them. Now come with me, Mrs. Moore, and let us get this tapestry finished. You can work at your ease to-day ; they ?will not return before 6. They have driven over to Caxtcth Park for luncheon.' Without a word Elaine followed her. CHAPTER XLI. She was silting in the drawin^-ruom busily em broidering the torn tapestry. She could hear the song of the birds, the stirring of the green boughs, a sweet murmuring music, such as comes and goes with tho summer wind. It stole over her senses and filled them with a strange sweet calm. The silk fell unheeded from her hands, tho buBy needle waB still. She was awake, yet dream ing—dreaming of the time when she had lived such a life, when her days had been passed in the midst of sunshine and fragrance. How long it seemed since that time ! How far' distant it was ! The loving face of her mother rose before her. She could hear her father's voice, at once so proud and tender. What would she not give to see them — just to once look at them? Would the time ever come? She could realise now what they had suffered in losing her, Bince Bhe had known what it was to lose little Peari. She Bat dreaming an idle day-dream. It was worse than useless to think of these things now. She Dad severed herself from all ties; she had taken her life in her own hands. So far aB she could, she had become dead to the world. She reueated the words over and over again ; they had'a strange attraction for her—' Dead to the world.' She was suddenly roused from her dream by thesound of childish laughter; she heard the patter of little feet, the music of a child's voice ; then the drawing-room door wob flung wide open, and a lovely, laughing, bright-haired little eirl entered. Elaine's heart gave one great bound, then seemed to stand still. It was little Pearl. She remembered how. she bod seen her in the nurse's arms while Sir John gave her the shawl of scarlet and gold. She had turned bock to kiss the boby-face once more, and the child had EUiilod at the bright colours. Kow she raised her eyes to the sweet little face with half awe, half dread. Dear Heaven, that she and her little child 6hould meet thus ! The little one came up to her with wondering eyes ; with outstretched arms the hapless mother fell upon her knees, a great tearless sob rose to her lips, a groat mist came before her eyes- She remembered nothing in that- moment but that sho was tho mother, little Pearl her child. ?My darling— my darling!1 she cried; and the little one looked frightened. Still she went nearer to her ; the dark troubled face did not deter her. She went nearer and nearer, her bright blue eyes raised to hermother's face. 'My darling — my darling !' cried Elaine. Sho kissed the golden curls, the fair sweet face, the tttle hands; then she bowed her head and kissed the little feet, the dress, all with a passionate agony of love. The lonely desolate heart seemed to leave her and cleave to her child. When the passion of her love had exhausted itself in burning kisses and in articulate cries, she looked at little Pearl. 'Say 'Mamma,' my darling,' she sold; and the child, wondering, repeated the word * Slainina.' The madness of the mother's passionate love nearly broke out again ; but the little one's won der restrained her. She remembered how impru dently she was acting in giving way to her emo tion. She put the child at some little distance from herself, and knelt, looking at her with wistful lending eyes. They had spoken truthfully who told how fair the child was. There could be no thing more lovely on earth. ' My dear,' she said in a trembling voice, * will you tell uie your name ?' How wonderfullv, marvellously sweet it was to hold converse with her, to look at her, listen to her. ? I have threo names,' replied tho little girl. ' Three names '.' repeated the mother. ' What are they ?' ' I am Victoria — papa says that is my right naine ? sometimes people call mfl Pearl, and tbp servants call me missie ; that is three names.' She spoke with wondcrff al clearness and dis tinctness, in the little shrill sweet voice of a child. Tho music of heaven could be no sweeter to tho longing eevs. ' You are very rich to have three names, my beautiful darling,' remarked Elaine. ' I have three names, bub I have no mamma/ said the child. ' No mamma ?' repeated Elaine ; and her voice was like a long drawn sigh. ' My mamtua is gone to heaven.' 'To heaven, my darling?' Eaid Elaine. Sho could think of no words to eay ; she was Bhy and confused in the presence cf her child, 'Yes, mamma is there— a long, long way off;' and ngain tho bright eyes Bought the dark face. 'Will you come and speak to me sometimes?' said Elaine, catching the little white hands, in hers and kissing them. - Come and speak to 'me sometimes, my darling. I have lost a little girl just like you, my Bweet.' ? Hid sue go to neaven r atEca tne c&iia;, to whom ' heaven' seemed to be a familiar word. ?And the mother, lookingat the child, locking into the fair sweet face, could not speak one false word. ' She is away from me, my darling — & fair little child, just like you, She will go to heaven some time.' In the distance she heard the nurse's voice, saying, ' Where is MiBS Victoria ?' ? My darling,' she cried, all the passionate long ing of her heart in the cry, ' will you, with your own little lips, kiss me here, dear — on my face — this poor dark {ace that has no beauty loft ? Oh, my little love, kiss me here !' And the child bent her fair head, and put her soft little Bweet lips to the dark face ; then the little hands touched it, while hot passionate burn ing tears rained from the mother's eyes. ' Go, my darling,' she said ; ' your nurse is call ing you.'' And little Pearl, half frightened, obeved. Elaine was not afraid of anything that the child might say — the could only tell, in her pretty childish fashion, of some one who hod kissed her — but she did not wish the servants to see her with traces of tears on her face. She went back to her work ; but the trembling hands were quite useless ; she could hold neither needle nor silk. She could only kneel, and thank Heaven th*t she had once more spoken to her little child. Sir Aldewin half wondered when the child told him that some one had kissed her, and cried. Lady Forbes, very grateful for the opening, said — 'I shall Cool quite anxious about the little darling when ws go away. Sir Aldewin. You must be quite sure that she does not go amongst tbe servants; it is so difficnltto manage, unless there is a lady at the head of the house.' ? Mrs. Bird is very careful,' he said; ''she docs not allo-v any undue familiarity ; but they are all so fond of tho child, that it is difficult to keep her awayfrom them.' ' Difficult, yos ; hut it must be done. Mrs. Bird is most praiseworthy, I know; but really so one can manage or understand these things but a lady.' Sir Aldewin Eighed. ' Perhaps yon are right,' he said; and then she was greatly exercised in her mind to know, if his thoughts had reverted to her daughter, or to Miss Brierton. Sho resolved to take no rest until she knew exactly the terms on which ATariolin and Sit Aldewin were. To learn this she would undergo much. The most desirable thing that she could think of was to persuade Sir Aldew£~) to invite Mado'ir. over, bo that she night see ibe* together. ?Monica,' she said to her a: . -.1,71:1 -!i ihr.t oven ing, ' I feol quite Buro that if }Ji: (k- no, find* rivalin Miss Brierton you may sooi! be l.*uj Caee lelgh. Sir Aldewin has begun to i« ' im need of' having a mistress in his house. I have tried to persuade him to invite her here while wea»h°re; then we shall see for ourselves if there jb any thing between them or not.' Lady ForbeB again talked to Sir Aldewin about Madolin, and also about Sir John and Lady Marche, declaring how uiuoh she should like to see them ; and Sir Aldewin, only too glad of tba opportunity, wrote, asking them to come and pay a visit to Ashbrooke while Lady Forbes was with him. His letter brought an answer from Lady Marche. Neither she nor Sir John felt well enough to go outj but she should very much like Madolin to spend a week with little Pearl. The difficulty lay in persuading her. She bed at first refused; but Lady Marche thought she would ultimately consent. She did consent, partly because she wanted to see little Pearl, and partly because Lady Marohe gave her no rest. Sho wrote to Sir Aldewin her self, telling him that sho would consider herself Pearl's visitor for one week. Crossing the corridor one day on her way to the nursery in scorch of some work, it happened that Kiainc, suddenly and without warning, met Madolin face to face. She pave a terrified cry; and Madolin, always kind to everyone, stopped. ? Have I startled you r' she said. 'I am very sorry.' Elaine could not have answered to have saved her life. She went on shuddering, trembling in everv limb. ? Mrs. Bird,' snid Madolin, a little later on, ' who is that dark-haired, dark -faced young person I met just now in the nursery corridor P' ' That is Mrs. Moore, who is staying here to do some sewing for us,' answered the house keeper. ? Sho seems a nervous, frightened kind of girl. I met her a short time since, and her ory of terror alarmed me. Who is she f' ' She has seen better days, Miss Brierton,' was the answer. ' She does her work well, and I am very sorry for her. I think she will please yon; she is very penfcle find nice in her manner.' ' She is very nervouE. She screamed BO that I really felt frightened myself.' The time came when every word of this con versations relumed to Jlado:in, and she under stood the cause of that terrible cry. CHAPTER XL1L Tbe sight of Madolin startled Lady Chesleign — she could not recover herself. That was one of the probabilities (hat she had quite overlooked. She had not anticipated seeing Madolin, her ndopted sister, the friend whom she had loved so well. It bad not occurred to her as probable that they would meet, and the meeting had over whelmed her with agitation. It seemed to her as thoni-h Ehe had stood face to face with her youth and her happiness once more. The mask she wore seemed to fall from her. She was once more the bright beautiful young Klaine who had loved with such a passionate love, who had married in the face of death, and had slowly awakened to the knowledge that her husband did not love her. Her heart beat with passionate anguish and pain. What a mockery it all seemed to her ! They mourned her as dead, as she was living amongst them, uever to be known by them again ! Madolin hs4 loved her so, had bera her trne sister nd friend until this unfortunate passion had come between them. Madolin had always been her refuge, her comfort in sorrow, her hope in distress ; her first impulse now was to go to her, and tell bar all._ Then (thought brought , reason. It was from Madolin, above all others, except Sir Aldewin, that she hud fled. Sho had preferred death, to coming- hock to her. Great as this nhnek of Feeing her had been, there was still seme comfort in finding that she had not been recognise I. Her life began to assume some shape, some colour, now. It took a tangible form. ; Sir Aldewin's eyes had liuaered on her without one gleam of recognition — Madolin's had done tbe i same. As those two had failed to recognise her, i it was not likely that any others would; there fore, if all went well, she could live near herchild, Beciug her at times, watching her growth, rejoic ing in her beauty, perhaps even winning from her something* like affection. Yet she sighed deeply as she thought, what a poor blighted ruined life it : was, even wlieu she bad made tho best of it 1 It was some time before Bhe could control her self, before sho could take up her work and begin , it with her usual calmness. She tried to still the trembling of her hands. Sho said to herself that . she -must remember that Elaine, Lady CheBleigh, i was dead. lire. Moore, the sevrinir-woman hud nothing left in tbe world but just to do her duty. Once more she returned to her room, and, tak ing tip hor needle, l-epa.n to ply it diligently. Mailolia was near — that was all she could say to liereelf. The scene when they had parted wasbo fore her. She saw the red ii-unes, the darkening Bky.and the starlit waters. She saw thehurryon deck, Madolin's lienutiful face gazing wistfully at her, the shawi of crimson and gold, and the white veil shining in tbe light of the conflagration. If she could but forget it all ! if Heaven would but be merciful to her, and let her forget everything elfe but tho love of hurchild 1 She looked up suddenly, for the door hadopened, and some onfi entered with a gentle step that she knew quite well. Her hands trembled, her lips quivered. She did not dare to raise her head when JNladolin stood before iier, with a kindly smile on her face. 'Mrs. Moora,' she said, ' the housekeeper tells me that you sew very neatly, is it true ?' 'I endeavour to do so,' answered Elaine gently. ' I have brought Eomc muslin and Borne lace that my friend Lady Marche values very highly. She wished me to see that some pretty dresses were made with them for little MiBS PearL Could you manage them, do you think ?' It was wonderful to see how the dark face lightened and brightened at the Bound of that name. ' I will try ray best,' she said. 