ODDS AND ENDS. BY EDKOHOO. WELL done, " Doughboy Minimus t How funny I Into ttie question whether the ability to express ourselves in articulate language has been productive of more good or evil t shall not here enter at laige. The two faculties of speech and of speech making arc wholly diverse in their natures. By the first we make ourselves intelligible, by the last unintelligible, to our fellows. It has not seldom occurred to me (noting in our own little but flourishing town) that very often things such as pumpkins, lettuces, cabbages, turnip?, tec. (if the season or the soil be pro pitious), would shoot up lanky to seed and form handsome heads. Babel, I believe, was the first mill erected for the manufacture of gabble. In these days, what with town meetings, school committees, Boards, and Kanaka meetings, and the like , but I suppose there is scarce a village which has not its factories of this description driven by milk-and-water power. I cannot conceive the confusion of tongues to have been the curse of Babel, since I esteem my ignorance of other languages as a kind of champion tower, in which I 9m safe from the furious bombardments of foreign garrulity. For this reason I have ever preferred the study of the dead languages, those primitive for mations being Ararats upon whose silent peaks i sit secure of the coming events of 41 Doughboy Minimus," who cuts a cleaner and wider swarth than any in this town. But it is time for me to be at my post; it is very clear that my friend's shot has struck the lintel, for the whole fabrication was much shaken by tbe shock. Laugh] I thought little Icoy would, not give over laughing. Old John enjoyed the fun very well, nnd Peter, poor fellow, had just a faint recollec tion of seeing it in some paper or other, that a long-legged boy hud been spoken of. Yes, men in general may be divided into the inquisitive and the communicative. To the first-class belong l'eeping Toms, eavesdrop pers, metaphysicians, travellers, spies, Ool umbuses, and men of science. Societies of various kinds, who present themselves to the mind as so many marks of interrogation wandering up and down the world, or sitting at desks and laboratories; some of these aw communicative from motives of public beue volence-as finders of mares-nests and hung ers of ill news. Each of us two- legged fowls without feathers embraces all these sub divisions in himself to a greater or less degree, for none of us so much as lays on egg, M' n:"db;itcj a chalk one, but straight way liit v.fc. lii barnyard shall know it by our cackle. Omnibui hoc titorcmett. There are different grades in all these classes. One< will turn his telescope towards a backyard, another towards Uranus, one will tell yon that he dined at O'Malley'e, another that he supped with Plato. In one particular all men may be considered as belonging to the first graud division, inasmuch as they seem nil equally desirous of discovering the mote in their neighbor's eye. [Wire iu, worthy correspondent, we shall understand what you arc dririug at by-and-bye.] To one or another ot these species every human bciug may safely be referred. I think it beyond a peroti venture that Jonah prosecuted some inquiries into the digestive apparatus of whales, and that Noah sealed up a letter in an empty buttle, that news in regard to him might nut be wuuting in case of the worst. They had else been super or subter human. 1 conceive also that as there are certain per sons who continually peep and pry at the keyhole of that mysterious door through which sooner or later we will make our exit, so there are doubtless ghosts fidgeting and flit ling on the other side of it, bceauBCthcy have 1:0 means of conveying back to tlie world the scraps of news they have picked up. l'or there is an answer ready somewhere to every question, the great law of give and take runs through all nature, and if we see a hook, we may be sure that un eye is waiting for it. I read in every face I meet a stand ing advertisement of information wanted in regard to A.B., or that the friends of C.D. can hear of hiui by application to such a one. Yes, Mr. Editor, I made one of the crowd at the'last Kanaka mec'ing, and did not as some stand gazing in wonder as a perfect mnchine, I felt my pulse, it shook terribly, and my heart bent the hot blood pulsing along the iron arteries and thews of steel. And while I was admiring the adaptation of means to end, the harmonious involutions of contrivances, nnd the never-bewildered per plixily, I thought many of D.M.'s pupils ? would wish themselves in our midst to de nounce them all I yes, everybody in favor of [ black labor. Here, patient leader, we take leave of each other; I trust with come mutual satisfaction. I say patient, for I love not that kind which skims dippingly over the surfaoe of the page, as swallows over a pool before rain. By such no pearls shall be gathered. [On behalf of our " patient readers" we beg " Eunohoo " to reconsider his determina tion. There is not such a superabundance of brilliant writer* and sparkling Gasayiets on the Barcoo that we can afford to dispense with the epigrammatic effusions of our tal ented contributor, whose articles have become as renowned for their elegance of construc tion and subtlety of sarcasm, M fur their classic beauty and modest simplicity, Pbintee's Dim.] 