THE religion of heathenism and the re-< ligion of Christianity interlocked their arrangements in the Moonta district during the past week. The former, however, was quite divested of its significance, while the latter was instinct with life, and fired with energy and enthusiasm. The bonfires lit up all around UB on the evening of the 24th. June, though constituting a pleasurable excitement for our boys, nevertheless if traced back to their probable origin would have a grim and gha&tly; meaning. The fun and frolic of the boys would be exchanged for doleful bitter shrieks if these fires were used for the purpose for which those fires burned, of which these are the perpetuation, Then instead of being used for the children's mirth, they would become the ovens of their death Moloch, the god of the Ammonites, thousands of years ago received children in his arms heated by a great fire from within the body of the statue, by which tbe poor creatures were roasted and consumed. Saturn, the god of the Carthagenians, was a brazen image stretching out his hands to receive children in such a way that as they were placed there they fell into a pit of fire. Chronus, the god of the Greeks, in this character has been identified with those above mentioned. The Bruidical system in England was without doubt an importation from the continent, and this sysetm brought the "{fire worship" with it, and if we could follow it right back over its history (although everything is too hazy and obscure to allow of thai being done satisfactorily) no doubt it would conduct us to the rites observed in honor of jthe gods indicated above, and of their kindred divinities. At one time the lighting of fires on Midsummer occasions in the nothern hemisphere, was an observance which prevailed all over Europe, the priests blessing them and the people indulging in numerous ceremonies, as leaping through the flames, and throwing flowers and garlands into them. A place in Scotland is called by a name which signifies " the fire of a god," and near by are the remains of a Druidical temple where the fire is supposed to have been kindled. In Ireland at no very remote date tbe people were accustomed to light fires on the tops of the hills, when the various members of the family passed through the flames, for good luck. Another superstition mentioned in connection with the practices in Ireland was, that they believed that on this night people's souls left their bodies and wandered to the spots where they would die, and not liking to have body and soul separated in this manner before the time of correct dissolution arrived, they would remain wakeful and watching by the $res during the sight to prevent the soul's premature and undesirable, though temporary, exit from their corporeal systems in manner. In Wales similiar fires were also lit by the people, but at ^ another season of the year, and accom- panied by a number of ceremonies very nearly akin in character to those observed at other places, such as running through the flames and smoke, and each person throwing a stone into the fire. Of the Cornish custom we need no more than that we have its reproduction in our midst, course all the superstition of matter have vanished before Of the the Our the enlightenment of these times, young people here indulge in bonfires as an amusement, and the seniors enjoy themselves in the remembrances of the iar-ofl home across the seas in witnessing them, while they are also of some service in justifying o u r d a i m f ( ) r ^ c o m e i A t n o f t h e d a y ^ h o l i ( J a y H o w l o n g t h e young people growing tip in our midst will indulge themselves in this direction we do not know. Perhaps until the scrub is cleared away too far back for them to fetch the bushes. By the way, we do not get the Midsummer pole here with the branch of greenery on the top. That part of the day's observance seems to have dropped out, but then as a compensating arrangement we have the Chinese crackers instead. . * . . . . But we started by saying that the religion of Christianity was intimately associated with the symbols of a by-gone heathenism in the festive season of last Thursday. Our Midsummer day—midwinter day here of course—being a holiday was utilized for celebrating the Centenaiy of Sunday Schools. How wide the contrast between the position of the children now and back in the dim past when they were given to the flames as a necessary part of worship! Then the destruction of children was a matter of little moment, although they might have possessed latent powers that would have developed into grand forces for the public good. Now a child is revered almost, or at any rate regarded as of the highest importance. In these little ones there are the future statesmen, poets and artists. They will be the makers of history in a short time, and we want them to make such history iis can be read with ^approval by and-by, and not that kind of history that it would be a relief to see effaced. Christianity has done for the young what no other religion has ever been capable of doing, and the Sunday Schools founded by Robert Kaikes are said by an excellent authority to have formed the basis of our popular system is growing into a very strong practical maxim " That the childhood shows the man," and therefore too much care of the right sort cannot possibly be exercised over the children. Trained in evil influences the boy, may be expected to be an evil man, but surrounded by noble and pure influences he will grow up encircled by such restraints and constraints as will most beneficially affect his future career. The five thousand of people, children and adults gathered at the Exhibition grounds on Thursday were a testimony to, and a demonstration of, the great worth of little children and the importance which is attached to training the young in virtuous ways. More and more every day, both in secular and religious life, are steps bing taken to secure a good beginning in child-life. And one would say God-speed to all such efforts. THE tea. and conversazioni held in the Moonta Institute on Thursday; June 24, was a very successful affair, and the fnnds of the Sunday School connected with 411 Saint's Church will be materially benefited by the proceeds. There were a fair number of visitors at the tea, and the time between tea and - the more set part of the programme was taken advantage of by the young folks to have a right good merry dance. During tbe evening, the Rev. C. C. Elcum recited a° " Ghost story" and Dr. Elphick gave a reading, whilst songs were rendared by the Revs. C. C. Elcum, and C.'G. Taplin, and Mr. W. Hocking, Mr. Plumstead playing the accompaniments on the piano. Mr. H. W. W. Guest, and Mr. C. L. Coates, with the Messrs. Kunstand others, contributed greatly to the amusement of the audience by giving, in an excellent manner, a series of <c shadow pantomimes." A very social, and and thoroughly enjoyable evening was spent by all, and the proceedings were brought to a close at about ten o'clock, by al! present heartily joining in ranging the National Anthem. THE Rechabites, at Kadina, held their annual festival on Thursday, June 24th. Sports were engaged in heartily during the day and in the. evening a well-attended public meeting Was held in the vestry of the Wesleyan Church. The treasurer, P.C.R. Dawe, occupied the chair end Mr. J. J. Christmas delivered an excellent add res 8f whilst songs and recitations were^contributed by several members of the order, FOOTBAXII..—A contest between THE Moonta Club and a combined team from Wallaroo and Kadina took plaoj at Wallaroo on Thursday last. Neither of the teams were fortunate enough to secure a goal, consequently the eame was drawn . The Moonta men, however, had the best of the game as they secured seventeen behinds to their opponents five. t t 