Cl- To I'rieet ear flights - Not tInfri;ge e'on toste of Others.. THURSDAY. JANUARY' . 1890. CORNER TACTICS. Tun political gathering held at Englejaswkon Monday evening, though devoid of all novelty, and without the ghost of a row to break the monoto nous unanimity of its proceedings, opens up a tolerably wide field for dis cuseion on questions quite outside the t wearisome one of reform.. Ostensibly called to hear Mr. WILL.tAx in self defence, the meeting was in reality used as a means of first propagating the views of- the "Corner " party, as enunciated in the programme of the new LIberal Association. Mr. WIL SLIAM% Mr, CAser, and Mr. MunRo were the speakers, and their deliver ancies, though common-place enough, have, at least, let somadaylightinto "Corner" tactics, which will cause a breach between the Association and the true Constitutional party, who were disposed to look favourably on the new politieal creed. Mr. CAsar's speech is that with which we are most concerned. It proves the justiee of a remark already made of that gentleman that he is regarded as "shifty and unreliable." His utter anets throughout are an apology to the Age for having eliminated the plebiscite from the Association's pro gramme, and are an evident effort to coquet with or compromise the dim-m culty. The Age persists in adhering to the plebiscite which Mr. CAser and Mr. Mu.vno both know to be unpopu lar and revolutionary. The people I want none of it, and so the " Corner " leaders bid for public approval by cut- . ting it out of their reform scheme, s along with the sixth clause and nomi* neeism. But they cannot afford to t lose the support of the Age, and so, while discarding the plebiscite. on the piesa that at present there is " such a strong objection to it," advocate it as a measure they approve, and are pre. pared to support when it shall have "gained sufficiently in public favour." Mr. Mu.?no had already tried to make his peace by a more direct process,. for when taken to task by the Age for having tabooed what lie termed that journal's "second love," lie distinctly stated in a letter that the Association approved of the plebiscite, but thought thecountry not yet ripe for it. Craving support for the Norwegian scheme, he threw out the bribe that in six years' time tile plebiscite may be made acceptable to the people, and the a Age possess itself in peace. This C brings us to the point we are working 5 up to, the absence from the new pro- d gramme of all allusion to payment of a members. While Mr. CAsEr was ex tolling the pleb cito at Esglehawk an .elector interjected, " what about pay' o ment of members?" To this Mr. v CAsr replied that "lie believed that re " the country should be the authority 0 " to say whether or not the members ° " should be paid: and one of tihe first :" uses which he would make of the , " plebisoite would be to decide that C "point." From this we gather that the re Liberal Association wishes for no f change In the present payment system, S until after an appeal to the to people by means of a process which we ore to wait about sil years for I Pay- at mealt of members is inot to lie inter. sl f-red with, necorlline to the " Corner" ir party, sIo In no their political platform o core., ht Mr. Caoer says that the I country shloulil be the authority to settlt fthe qer.stion, and we agree with h:m. We ulObjit only to hiL nIethod of seltling it. Payment of members diC se witll the present Parliamen, nud its fs death should be eterpal. Refort, of si the Constitution generally, reform of the Lower House pnrticularly, de centralisation, extermination of the ex isting tariff, plerty of shipping in this and all other ports, a renewal of public confidence, capital once more ur'.:l-.k l and commerce free and unfettered--ýit depend on payment of members being heard of no more amongst us. It has been tried and proved a di".raceful failure, and if any constituency is foolish enough to return a member without binding him hand and foot to a promise to eradicate that most pro litic source of mischief, it will be doing its best to perpetuate evils of which we have already seen too much. Once get a majority into the House p'c'ged to payment of members, or under no promise a-t t, sand you hare a repro duction of -::? ; machines, and all the co-rupt practices to which this 3inis try has resorted to keep its majority together. If the electors are wise they will not allow any shuffling with the question at all. It should be settled by the people- antd it can-at the next general election, and if it is found that the representation of the electorates by independent men-men with hands unshackled, and to whom dissolution does notmean peaury-brings no better legislation than payment of members has brought, then let the old system be returned to and made permanent. Those who have a1I along consistently opposed this waste of public money have a right to be heard again, and those who favoured the system as a tentative one, and have discovered the experiment to have been a failure, should not miss the approaching op portunity of resolutely stamping out the evil. 