, ' A BITTER GAIN. Remarkable affinity existed between the occupants of two separate windows in ono of a dingy row of brick houses one exception ally hot summer not many years ago ; it was the moro remarkable that theso two people wero vory unliko each other, being of opposite Boxes, tho ono a grizzled, rrrnfF. nrt t.liA Trrnnrp oirin of fifty, the other a round, rosy, rollicking maiden of 'sweet and twenty.' The man was evidently a foreigner, the woman an unmistakable American, and these two heads, framed by tho embrasures of the separate windows, formed a strong con trast. It wbb about four o'clock in the afternoon, and both of them were looking for the postman — sho from her attic win dow, he from his second floor front. They had been looking for tho postman every day for a fortnight, and hoped deferred had paled the cheek and subdued the merriment of tho maiden, while it deepened tho already rubicund colour and sharpened the already testy temperament of the man. Presently appeared in sight the brisk, dapper little I postman in the grey uniform, with hiB bag strapped over his shoulder, stepping along from house to house, dealing joy and sorrow, surprise, fear, ecstasy, all the ? emotions incident to poor hapless humanity, as he went. But ho dealt nothing to tho two anxious watchers iu the dingy brick row. Their heads simultaneously turned to watch him a3 ho disappeared around a neighbour ing corner. The man grunted out a bitter ejaculation, andslammed down the window ; the giil sighed, and with difficulty repressed a sob as she closed the blind. The next day at four o clock the same pantomime wa3 enacted. The same anxiety, hope, fear, disappointment, were painted on the two faces. The girl bruBhed the tears from her eyes, and put wearily back her hair. As the man, with, his usual expletive of disgust and disap pointment, tugged at the blind, a puff of wind blew the light ribbon from the hair of tho girl straight down into his eyes, and from thence to the floor ot his room. He saw it at once. It lay upon the faded carpet almost under his feet. His first impulse was to tramp uponit aa he marched to and fro, growling at the hard luck that shut him ud in this hot hole duriuir the dog-days. His next impulse was to kick the bauble aside ; but it was not of a kick able nature, and clung close to his feet. He stooped at last and took it from the floor, and found it suspiciously damp. 'She's been sniffling again,' he said. ' As usual, she gets no' letter, and cries ; I get no letter, and I swear. I wonder which is the most consoling. And why in thunder don't 6he get her letter? She can't have any rascally lawyers to deal with, that lie and cajole, and cheat and steal. She can't be waiting for a witness to come from the other side of the world to testify iu a case that ought to have been settled before he went to Eea. I believe it was a conspiracy on the part of these infernal lawyers to dawdle along with the case, and not discover the exist ence of this Martin Malloy till he had shipped again, and was well out of their call. And now it appears that the fate of the suit depends, upon the Testimony of this fellow before the mast. At leaet five thousand pounds o£ my money at this present moment is at stake in the life of a miserable Eailor far out at sea.' Here his Eoliloa uv was interrunted bv a lisht tan at the door. ' Como,' ho growled, without turning his head. Ho thought it was his landlady, Mrs. Matson, for whom he had no particular affection, or her rough- featured domestic, that he felt certain was shortening his life by hor miserable cookery. But a gentle voice said, ' Did you want anything, sir ?' And, turning, he beheld his landlady's daughter. And how in the world she could bear that relation to the fat, swarthy, coarse, and commercial female who kept the house, this lodger could not imagine. Hor eyes wore so soft and brown, so plead ing and innocent, frank and confiding as a little child's, whereas her mother's wero narrow and sharp, distrustful and cunning. The .young girl flushed under this scrutinising gaze, and said, aeain, 'You didn't want anything, then, Mr. M'Graw ; Mother said sou Bounded on the floor.' ^'Pounded I' said Mr. M'Graw; 'of course I pounded. If I don't get a letter soon, I'll make smithereens of some of this horse-hair furniture about mo. If your mother fias any regard for her squint-eyed ancestor over there, she'd better take him down and out of the way. He's been following me about with that damaged leer of his for tho laBt fortnight. Ifs a mercy I haven't stabbed him through the canvas. And, say,' he added, for the girl was fast vanishing out of his sight, and sue was a wonarous pieasan^ aiiacie to look upon in , this gloomy old barrack — 'say,' said Mr. M'Graw. He was still twirling the bit of blue ribbon in his fingers, and now held it out to the young girl. ' It fell in the window to-day as we wero both looking for that confounded postman. I hope we'll have better luck to-morrow, Maggie.' ' I thought sure we would to-day, sir,' said Maggie, blushing and sighing. 'I had a good sign this morning.' 'What was that, Maggie?' said Mr. M'Graw, still holding his end of tho blue ribbon. ' Why, see, sir,' she said, and pointed to the skirt of her dress. ' I put it on wrong eide out this morning, and never changed it, for Martin used to say it was a sure sign of good luck.' 'And who is Martin?' said Mr. M'Graw. 'It so happens that I am interested in that name.' ' The one I'm looking for a letter from, sir. The vessel was duo a month ago;' and here her voice broke, and tho browij i eyes filled with tears. 'A sai'or with the namo of Martin?' j said Mr. M'Graw, with increased interest. ' What's his last name, Maggie ?' ' Malloy, sir — Martin Malloy.' ' God bless my soul !' said Mr. M'Graw ; ' this is a remarkable coincidence ! Why, ?luaggio, uiit jo ^ to hoar from. . A heavy Bum of my money depends upon this friend of yours. I sup pose he iB more than a friend, Maggie ?' ' We're promised to be married, sir, after this voyage. He had a ohance of rising to second mate; and oh, I'm so sorry we waited 1' 'Bo am I, saia uur. aiuraw. 'ir he'd stopped long enough to be married, we might have got hold of him for a witness, and that would have been the making of many a thousand 'pounds for me ; but never mind, Maggie ; let's depend' upon tho augury of the petticoat. You see our fates are linked together, and as only one of us wears a petticoat, the one rrarment mUBt serve for us both; and I'll. tell you what, Maggie ' — for she was fast vanishing again, and he hated to see her go — 'I'll tell you what; when Martin comes back, and wins for me thiB money, a good round sum of it shall go for a wedding outfit for you.' ' If ho only comes baok !' .said Maggie, and went out tho door, leaving the gibbon still in tho hand of Mr, M'Graw— a meditative, softened! altogether ohonged ! QxproBeion upon his fa 'A most remaikablo coincidencc!' he repeated to himself. 'Tbis accounts for tho interest I've taken in that girl from tho start. A queer freuk of destiny has thrown us together, and here wo are both hanging upon the fate of this eailor. I don't Buppoae ho's worthy of her. No doubt he's a rough, common, abusive bruto ; but he's young' — hero Mr. M'Graw gavo vent to a grunt that was meant for a sigh — 'and, I suppose, after his low fashion, good-looking.' Here Mr. M'Graw kicked over tho ottoman that obstructed his way, put tho blue ribbon in his vest | puu&uitj; Uftiw U- UUIUC IU WU WiUUUW, uuuu | his pipe, and looking out upon a triangu lar bit of the western sky,. fell into a pro found reverie, The next morning Maggie was at her old post at the attic window. Mr. M'Graw was also rattling at his blinds ; but he looked fully as often up at Maggie as he did down the street for the postman, and was quite jocular and smiling for a mun of his nervous temperament. ' Any more signB, Maggie ?' he Baid, almost dislocating his neck to get a good look at her pretty face. Maggie shook her head, and smiled mournfully. ' I dreamed of white horses, sir, and mother says it'B a bad Bign.' ' ' Your mother is always a f — ' Here the postman stopped at tho door, and nobody will ever know whether Mr. M'Graw meant to call his landlady a fine woman or a fool, for all further conver sation was stopped by tho coming of the long looked- for letters. There was one for Maggie, and one for Mr. M'Graw. Maggie had run down to the door, taken both letters, and fled upstairs again. Her hand was trembling and cold as sho' put the letter in Mr. M'Graw's hand. 'I'm afraid to open mine,' she said; 'it's in a strange handwriting.' Mr. M'Graw watched her disappear, tben tore open his own onvelope without a tremour. At the first sentence, however, Mr. M'Graw started, and put his spectacles firmer upon his nose, and.by the time he had read the missive half through, his face bad become the index of many conflicting emotions. All at once there was a heavy thump upon the floor of the loom above. 'My God!' said Mr. M'Graw, '.'she's got the news already.' And, rushing out of thfi rnnm and un fclio Rtirirq no fnaf. nn liio rather gouty legs could carry him, he saw the poor girl stretched lifeless upon the floor, the fatal letter crumpled in her hand. Then he pounded in right good earnest, and, being a man of action, had proper restoratives used, a doctor brought, and, after a time, poor Maggie wearily opened her eyes. The moment the saw Mr. M'Graw sho screamed and fainted again. ' I'm a bitter reminder of her loss,' said Mr. M'Graw. The doctor and Maggie's mother looked at bim inquir ingly, wondering how Mr. M'Graw could remind Maggie of the drowning of her lover. But Mr. M'Graw did not explain ! ne merely sieppea asiae wnen jaaggie opened her eyes again. After her fist long, Bobbing breath,' her first words were for Mr. M'Graw. 'Where is he?' she said. 'Let him come to me. He has lost -his money, and I have lost — ' Here the words froze on her, lips, and she held out her hands to Mr. M'Graw, who had reached the couoli upon which they had lifted her. She put her arms about bis neck, and sobbed there like a little child. Mr. M'Graw had lived a lonely bachelor's life; his kith and kin wero far away. This was a new experience for him— new and strangely sweet. For years and years the fragrant breath of a woman had not touched his lips. His eyes were wet and blurred; a quesr ohoking sensation arose in his throat; bis voice was husky as he blurted out some consoling words. ?- xie cau iiovei: ouuuo uau&'iu t-pea& lur yon,' said poor Maggie. ' You have loBt all your money. I'm very sorry for you, Mr. M'Graw.' She meant she was sorry for herself, but the poor child craved companionship in her grief. Heaven knows she got it from Mr. M'Graw. From this timo out he' became devoted to the duty of assuaging the grief of the bereaved girl. He filled his pockets with bonbons, and ribbons, and the various gewgaws he thought would soften the affliction of a girl of twenty, and fail ing with those, Bought to distract her by junketings to parks and promenades nnd Bhows, and finding these were distasteful to her, fct last yielded to her desire to go down to tho wh&rveB; where the big ships lay. Hers they spent hour after hour, Mr. M'Graw content to hold one of her hands in his while the other lay idly in her lap, and her eyes went wistfully wandering out over the water, till the shadows grew longer and longer, and the day was done. Then her would say, gently, ' Oome, Maggie,' and she would obey in a sweet, dutiful fashion, lifting her face to his, full of some sort of affection — he didn't stop to ooneider what it was ; but Maggie knew that she ow.ed tbis luxury of melanoboly entirely to Mr. M'Graw. He had coaxed her mother into giving over Maggie's ordinary drudgery into other hands, bo that she aould have the oomfort of nurs ing her grief under the auspices of Mr. M'Graw. His landlady had, indeed, naadnd vAvv little . narsuasion.. and mat hiw entreaties half way. Mr. M'Graw found nothing distasteful iq this maternal solioitnde having for yearB parried the thrusts and caterings of anxious mothers in behalf of their portionleBS daughters, the more bo as it furthered his o-?n happiness, and rendered him more and more oomfortable as time went by. Now that the hot summer was gone, and the stormy winds of winter began to blow, t-ho old briok lodgings were not bo gloomy. Tho. obliquely visioned ancestor had been taken from the wall ; the horsehair furni ture uu v ui-tu wiuu » gtvjr uuiuis ; uuu ruuuy grate was rubbod into a rubicund bright ness, and therein the coals blazed' gener ously. There was no stint in tho maternal blessings showered upon this lodger, and Mr. M'Graw, for the first time, appreciated his dealings with a commercial woman, who was willing to spond money when there was considerable to be made by it. This excellent woman even endeavoured to put an air of smartness into Maggie's ward robe, and garnished her cloak with a. crimson trimming. Moggie ? wore the cloak, but her faoe was sadly out of keeping with the brave garmont. She had grown so muoh more subdued, and so ' much older in her manner and appearance, that Mr. M'Graw felt more and more at ease in hor society, and of tho two he began to appear the brightest, and wore an air of briskness and vigour that went, far to make up for his mature years. His course of their experience, had they seen a man possessed with suoh admirable philosophy. 'At leaBt five thousand pounds swept away with this unluoky sailor, and M'Graw never murmurs about it,' said one of the legal gentlemon. 'Adversity seems to Boffcen him,' replied the othor. 'He hasn't oursed anybody or anything for six monthB.' ' Still he don't seem crushed or oldened t by thq blow.' ? ? ' ' ' On tho contrary, ho gets younger every day.' Which really was a fact. Happiness was an extraordinary renovator to Mr. M'Graw, and the neighbours declared kindly that he and Maggie looked very well together. ' Oh, a man is always young if ho's got means,' they added. As the months went by, it began to bo generally oonceded by all conoerned that Mr. M'Graw was ' paying attention' to Maggie, and she was treated with that rare consideration that her good luck demanded. The only oreature that seemed utterly ignorant of the situation waB poor Maggie heis8lf, who had never for a moment for gotten her dead sailor, or oeaecd reviving his memory to Mr. M'Graw, who seemed the only one that could fully sympathise with her and consolo her. Prodded on by the encouraging hints and allusions of the I girl's mother, Mr. M'Graw had endeavoured to infuBO into hie manner, something of tho beating of a lover, but Maggio invariably I tbnqn n rT vein rn'i with tho ncn tl I' gratitude that had become a part of her j nature, 'and Mr. M'Graw instinctively shrank from anything that might shook her delicacy, or enBtrange her from him. Ho resolved to bide his time, winning gradually all oi her heart that was left from tho possession of the dead sailor, accustoming her to the practice of associating their lives together, teaohing her to lean upon bim, and seek fiom him what happiness she could call her own. Then when some happy moment arrived in which he oould win her to Bbart her life with him, he would trust to his own exertions to win her love. Life waB a woary burden in the old boarding-house, oompareu to the luxury he oould offer her. Then he could see that he was making himself neces sary to her. Oue morning, as they etoou upon the long pier aud looked oat to sea, UO bum bu illu Kin UUUglU£ IU 1110 Ullll, [ ' Shall you be sorry, my dear, to Bee me oue of these days Bailing away from you in a ship like that one over jonder, never perhaps to look upon your sweet face again ?' She said no word, but clung closer to hia arm, and,. two big tears rolled out of her eyes. He took courage then to put his arm about her — not bac that it had often been there beforo, but that was in a fatherly sort of way.l ?' Would you bo afraid, Maggie, to croea the eea with mo?' he Baid. 'Afiaid?' she replied; 'Icould never be afraid of the sea.' There was an unnleasant inflection in these words that was closely connectea with the dead sailor, and Mr. IiI'Grai? ? essayed still another inquiry. ' Don't you love me a little, Maggitt he said. ' I love, you better than anybody now,' she said. He longed to ask ber if her love waa anything of the nature of the ardent passion she had once held for the sailor Malloy, but of eourso he retained, aud indeed was well content with his present happiness. Mr. M'Graw telt certain of the future. This seemed no obstacle to his happiness, and that very day he resolved to get his affairs in shape bo that he could leave the country at a moment's notice. He stooped and kissed Maggie good-bye, ana BOtiiriuu uu Uiii*ueijr lu dea ma luwjurd. ' Don't be long,' she called from the window. ' I Bhall wait here till you come back.' ' God bleES the child J' said poor Mr. McGraw. ' There certainly now iB nothing to hinder our happiness.' The lawyers were out, and the office was ia care of tho boy. On a low chair by the door a man sat, with hia head resting upon his hands, and his hands resting upon his knees. HiB whole appearance was that of slipshod nature that it seemed as if he might fall to pieces at any moment. His frame, of Herculean dimensions, was tho more pitiable that the fleEh had shrunken from his bones, and the features of his face were harsh and forbidding in their prominence. Hia clothes wero faded and patched, his hat was pulled over his eyeB, and altogether he was' a moBt forlorn and pitiable objeot in thiB office of a prosperous solicitor. Iu the heyday of happiness, how could Mr. M'Graw pass this wretched fellow oreature by without a word ? ' Good morning, my poor fellow,' he said. 'You seem to be in a sorry plight. Can I do anything for you P' ' You can tell me,' eaid the man, in a hoarse and hollow voice, 'if it's true that theso people here will be glad to see me. I'm told there's a reward offered for any news of me, and I'd like a littlo money to prink up before I go to see my sweetheart. bhe'll be thinking it's my ghost if I go to her like this.' 'Some wretched criminal,' thought Mr. M'Graw, 'who has risked everything to see the woman he loves. See here, my good fellow,' he said, lowering his voice, 'if this money will be of any use t^you, take it, and go ; but I'd keep clear of the law if I were you.' ' Why, thank you, «ir,' said tho man, putting back the bills, ' but I'm no beggar. I'll wait and hear what these lharks have to say.' ? At that moment the senior lawyer entered, and turned upon the fellow a distrustful glauco. 'What do you want here?' be said, Bharplv. ' I want the money that was offered for nnwa of a shipwrecked sailor called Martin Malloy.' ' I offered ten pounds,' said the lawyer, turning to Mr. M'Graw. 'The devil you did!' s-id Mr. M'Graw, who had fallen into a chair, and was g»ztug at tho man with strained eyet. 'This Malloy ia dead,' be added, Btill keeping his eyca upon the man. ' H« oin't quits dead,' said' the man, 'but aB near it as he likes to be.' Then ho went on to toll the Btory of the wreck, the exposure in the open boat, the agony and starvation, the death and insanity of most of the ere It was an old story, repeated vary often, but the lawyer and Mr. M'Graw Beemod to hang upon eveiy word that fell from the lips of the miserable mariner. Mr. M'Graw's lace grew old and wriukled as be liBtuned. The lawyer at length uttered an ejaculation of joy. ' I congratulate you, Mr. M'Graw,' ho said, turning to his client ; 'your money is as tafe t-« if you held it in your nanus. Bat Mr. M'Graw bad fallen back 'against the wall... They loosened his neok-tie, and threw water in hiB faoe. ' By. Jovo !' said the lawyer, ' yonr joyful news has been loo muoh for him. A big part of his money wsb at stake, you see, aud he's bidden his feelings bo long under a mask of resignation that now he is overoome. Gat a oab at onoe,' he added, to the boy. But Mr. McGraw revived, and by the timo the cab reaohed the office, he was able to go home alone.' He, however, asked Mnrtin to go with bim ; and as the oab rolled along, his e.voe were still fixed npon hia dilapidated oompanion. ' Nobody would know you, I suppose ?' ho B&id; to the Bailor. ' Not a eoul, Bir,' said Martin. ' Not even the — a — tbe person yonTBpoke of aB your sweetheart ?' * 'She leaBt of any,' said MArtin. 'I think she'd run away from me on sight.' I 'You think bo?' - « I'm sure of it. I bet you a dollar she would,' ' Yet it wouldn't pain you ?' ' Why no— why should it ? Women-folks are made that way. liut I'll Boon prink up if I get a chance.' He began to prink up already, put his hat back, and brushed hiB rumpled hair from his forehead, looked from the window of tho cab with the air of a man to whom life was unspeakably rare and sweet. He was emaciated, shrunken, sallow, fierce eyed, and forlorn ; he was poor and patched; but Mr. M'Graw would willingly nave taken hia place in the races for happinesB; he knew that all was lost. Here was Martin Malloy , that was tho end of everything. The thought came a littlo too late that seeing hor long-lost lover might kill tho girl or drive her mad. He began to explain to Martin, as gradually as be oould, that the house to which they were journeying was the one that contained his sweet-heart. Mr. M'Graw choBe the most careful phraseology he could muster, but the tailor seemed all at once to get on fire. He flung his hat upon tho seat beBide him; he stretched from the window his long, shrunken neck. '? You'd betiergut out and come in aCter I've broken it to her. It may kill her; it may drive her .mad. The shock wa3 a ten i ble one to me,' eaid Mr. M Graw. 'That be hanged!' said Martin. 'You're an old man, you know, ana though! of your money — but my Maggie !' uere hx stopped, and the flame ot otlight and dtBiro burned in his checks aud ejes. He grew suddenly young und Btrong under tue gaze o£ pour Mr. M'Graw, Maggie BAt there by the window, as she had promised. Oh, the bitttrneEs ot that moment to one, the uappin&tib; to the other ! Otic moment Mr. M'Griaw suw btr as he : had luH hoi — pale, calm, subdued, patient; the next, a crimson glow had leaped to net lace, then left; it paler than beforo tuduenly it disappeared, aud Mr. McGraw thougnt it had fallen away tomewnere m a faint; but presently it shone ou the breast of the bailor, bo radiunt and beautiful that it dazzled pcor Mr. M'Giaw. 'Why, you did lc^ow me,' said Martin, ? tears bursting oui of his burning eyes. ' By thunder, in spite of everything, she did know mo 1 I owe you a dollar, Mr. M'Graw !' ' And, 1 Master Shallow, I owe you a thousandpound,' ' quoted Mr. M'Graw, with a bitter grin. What more can bo said? The wedding took place a little later on, after the lav/suit had been decided in favour of Mr. M'Graw. \- 6 U O weuuiil£ mij^ YTtt3 auiv^ ^ - but not in a steamer. It was in a trig little vessel, which Mr. M-Graw gavo as a wedding present, at the express request of the bride. 'Martin wouldn't give up the sea, ''she said. ' - 'And you wouldn't give up Martin?' said Mr. M'Graw. 'Why, no, sir; not for the world, said the foolish girl. So pdor Mr. M'Graw took passagje alone. . 