| HE WANTED TO BE AN ACTOR. A citizen-, whose best weight never ex ceeds 120 pounds, was the other day buying a couple of hens of a farmer on the market, and before the bargin was I concluded, the two became quite friendly, 1 and the farmer said he had something on his mind to communicate. One of his boys had a passion for theatricals and was desirous of becoming an actor, The idea was so strong on him that he had become worthless round the farm, and the father was in a peck of trouble to know how to turn the boy's attention from the foot lights to the ploughed-liandles. ' 'Spose I send bim to you, 'spose you make fun and ridicule him and let hiui see how foolish .it is ?' suggested the father, and the citizen agreed. As tbe result of their planning the boy walked into the citizens pi ice of business ou Congress street east next morning. The father had called hiui a . boy, hot he weighed ahont 1--0 pounds, stood nearly six feet high, and he had a pair of hands as large as tlie cliromo of the Yosemite Valley. His arrival was expected, and after a few words about the weather, the citizen queried : 'So you think you would make an actor eh ?' ' Yes, I kinder think so,' was the re ply. ' What line would you take ?' ' Well, I kinder like tragedy.' ' Tragedy I Why, you couldn't suc ceed in tragedy ! Look at your hands ! Look at those feet ! Remember your voice ! You'd be hissed off the stage. Don't never think of tragedy.' How would I do in a drama,' asked the boy. ' Not at all ; in the first place your cars are too large. Then your heels stick out too far. Then your hands would hide half tlie other actors. Don't try the drama, for you will be a dead failure.' Could I do anything in comedy ?' Not a thing. The sight of you in comedy would be the same as the sight ot a hearse on the stage. All the facial ex pression you have is behind your ears.' ' I've thought some of beiug a nigger minstrel, observed the boy, after a long silencc. ' That's the worst of all. I tell you, boy, you'd better stick to the farm. You are not cut out for an actor, and you want to drop the idea.' ' Couldn't I act as usher?' ' No, sir ; you are too stiff iu the knees.' ' Conldn't I take tickets ?' ' ever ! Your hands are too big for that work. ! ' Couldn't I shift scenes ?' ' No. You are too big and unwieldly.' There was a long and painful silence. Then the boy rose up and said : ' Well, I'm bound to go iuto theatri cals. If I cannot be anything else I'll be the feller that stands at the door to raise a row, and I II begin ou you ! Come over here '. He hauled the adviser over the tabic, 1 clutched bim by the small of the back, and spun bim rouud, slamine j him against the wall aud dropped him to get a better ; hold. When the curtain rose on the next act there was a strictly private conversa tion going on between Hamlet and the Gliost, and the Ghost's was ripped up the back and his collar torn open. Then Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice : ?' Catiff ! do you declare that I cannot act !' Then the Ghost dodged around the table and replied : j ?' No, I don't ! You are all right — you j are a splendid actor — you can't help but ] win !' ; ' And you'll tell me father so ?' i '? I will — you bet I will !' 'I vou don't ? !' i Here Hamlet took three steps forward, j two back, scowled his fiercest, and tbe Ghost jumped]; behind the stove and vowed he'd even pay 5G.dois, for a prirate : box on the night of the debut. ' 'Tis well,' said Hamlet, and he- went | over on the market to see if he could sell three pecks of onion sets for cash down. — Detroit Free Press. A Bkidgepoet attorney recently took strong exception to a ruling of the court that certain evidence was inadmissable. ' I know, your Honor,' said he warmly, ' that it in proper evidence. Here I have been practising at the bar for forty years, and now 1 want to know if*I 3m a fool ' That,' quietly replied tbe court, ' is a question of fact, aud'not of law, and so I shall not pass upon it, but let_the jury de cide.' 