A TVARfC\A3IB00L GHOST. A haunted ho;ise in Warrnambool (writes the Standard) is such a novelty that we give the following ghost story for what it is worth- There is a house in Henna street in which a young woman died some time since, "under circumstances which gave rise to unpleasant rumors at the time. The house is now inhabited by Mr J. Manning, who is about to carry on the business of a hay and corn merchant. The apparition which is said to haunt the premises appeared first to two sons of the tenant, aged respectively lfi and 23 years of age. They were sleeping in a small room of the house, to-rhe window of which on the night in question there was no blind. The elder brother states that about two o'clock in the morning he was awakened by feeling something like a rash of cold air over his face. Thinking that the door or window of the apartment was open, he cast his eyes towards each, but observed that they were closed. On settling down again he was considerably startled at seeing the figure of a woman standing by tbe fire place a few feet from Mm. The figure was clad in dark clothes, with a kind of cowl over the head. The " pale glimpses of ihe moon " which found their way into the chamber were not sufficient to define the figure accurately, so that its features could not he discerned. "With consider able trepidation Wanning turned to awaken his brother, and for a moment took his eyes off the figure. In that mo ment it vanished. Manning asked his brother to get a light, without saying a word of the spectral appearance. The younger man rose up in bed to get a match from his garment, and he was imme diately rendered speechless by an appear ance in the corner of the room. When he recovered his speech- he ejaculated that there was a figure in the corner, and retreated under the bed clothes. Calling their manhood to the rescue, the two men —stalwart specimens of the geuis homo—7 made up their minds to solve ihe mystery It may here be said that the one who first saw the sceptre did not see it again after losing sight of it at the fireplace. They both rose together to "lay the ghost," but on going to the corner they saw nothing. The door of ihe room was closed and so was the window, both being as tbey had left them when they had re tired to rest. Such is their sioiy, and so thoroughly impressed are they that they saw an apparition-that neither have slept in the room since, but liave taken up their quarters in the front room of ihe house. Every night the sleeping rooms of the family are now illuminated, and lights are kept burning till morning, in dread of the visitation. It is probably because the family were ex pecting a re- appearance of the apparition that it was. again seen a few nights after its first visit, and this time by the father. Manning pere waslying awake and looking through the open door of his bedroom into the room where his sons were sleep ing beyond, when a grey figure with a cowl over its head, such as described by the younger son. passed slorriy across ihe room- It appeared as if it had gained entrance by the front door, hut both front and back doors were found locked after the disappearance of the figure. There is no doubt butthatthe inmates of the house have had a great fright from some cause or other, and there is a disposition to con nect the disturbing element with the. manes of the poor girl who breathed her last in the house under such circumstances that an investigation into the cause of her death was rendered necessarr. 