THE rights of properly have been receiving some very peculiar developments of late years. A man's possessions were absolutely his own, to dp with as he thought fit, and none dared say nay. How it ia getting to be .understood that the well-being of the com- .. . . ° . . _ . mumty at large the greatest good to the greatest number—is an element of overshadowing- importance in relation to all the political problems of i&e; time, and the adjustment of all knotty questions. Private interests -and private pleasures must not stand in the way ot the public benefit, the former must give way to the requirements of the "latter. Instead of the many living for the prosperity of the few, it is getting to be believed that the many have a right to live for themselves, and if the few have claims and prerogatives which'will not allow of this, those claims or prerogatives must be dissolved, or modified until /key do not allow of it. The slowly moving politics of our fatherland are surely trespassing upon the lime-honored and hoary customs and laws, of perhaps, the most conservative of all the Interests of England—the landed interest. The gods grind slowly but they may grind small. Give to the growing spirit of national requirement what may {appear a concession, and the craving is stayed, and perhaps thankfulness evoked at the same time, but resist its .necessities and it lifts its remorseless arm and crushes unsparingly the forces which have tried to create a solid rampart against the advance of public opinion. . . The British' public are beginning to think that the land is for the people. And they ask if England, Scotland and Ireland exist for the territorial magnates,—to sustain their great families, to keep up their, parks, and to provide their game preser- vers Daylight is streaming inupon the question. Many of the noblest minded men of Britain, men of the highest intellect, severest culture, and most exten sively conversant with the cauass of the wealth of nations, are studying the problems wrapped up inthis question. And their general conclusions are in favor of extended revision of the whole code of the land laws. Wild communism which levels down all property acqui sition, and gives every man an equal share with his neighbor ofthe wealth of the country, and a system which creates a few millionaires, but dooms die mass of the people to dwell in squalor, wretchedness and poverty, are both bad. Extremes are generally^:wrong. Truth resides most commonly in the happy medium. The land of Englandcertainly ought not to be parcelled out in garden plots among the people, as the best way of utilising the soil to the out-' side limit of its capacity ; nor will any method of uniform division into small farms managed or controlled by as many proprietors, commend-itself as ^ the grand panacea for all the ills which are wrapped up in the present system. Bnt there is a wide distance between any such schemes as these, andthesystem which enforces the commands and - fancies of the ancestors "of the present holders of the land'by many 'generations,. and by which enforcement the land is locked up in the possession of a certain^ dependants of the family, that ihe gencieBjpnd expediences of the presmfe cannot interfere with. HEs it not TOOK — — ^^.-.^ : strouB that^the : parchmenti)f a ini& wh^ departed this life ^undreds of ycais] ^go, shall bind ptrer 'the to r $he eldest sonar heir • fn perpetuity while the younger sons are tso be cast «drift <>n " the most; convenient -profession t^t can be ^elected for than whfle , by all natural laws and human sentiiments, \- they are entitled to a share of 4he land as much as the elder is. He 1 ~simple accidents of birthTnakes • one son n vaistlyrich, and the other'comparative- ~ ' ly poor. No man tuigA to be aliowed i jb to make a testament of property to be Jaysan - unborn and creates an injustice in to all the branches of the family. Befora there can be any jastificatioin of the right claimed to lock up the land in the line of the eldest male descendant, as is the case a t present, it would need to be shown that the'raristocracy, Whieh it has builded ujp is of such value : to ^he country Lhat it is worth'the price paid. We scarcely think this can be shown, howe|©iy - f ^aristocracy, no doubt, so far as many oi its members are concerned, have supplied illustrious statesmen, to whose efforts the country has been deeply indebted. But while gratitude is the proper feeling towards those persons it cannot be overlooked that the jbest and noblest part of British. brave men from the lower ranks of life, and in direct opposition to the wishes and views of the bulk of the aristocracy. Apart, however, from these^ general views, an impartial ju^gmbnt can scarcely do any other than pronounce, that if the Jaad were distributed among a larger number of persons/ better tillage would..be secured, said larger returns taken off it, improving the country in-tprp ^rays, ^s tt would beneficially increase muHssujo the we population, and enrich the ^ ^ ^ ^ ~ * Thatthelaws of entail and' 1 settlement will bt set aside before .very-long' in the interest of the nation there can be no doubt, and that the methods of Conveyance and transfer will be relieved of the complexity and cumbrousness which now so grievously hamper all monetary transactions in land, will be much simplified,^ also probable. Land like any other article should be. brought within the circle ofcommsrcial relations, to be bought and sold according to its value, as any other commocKty, restricted only as to fhe extent of accumulation in the hands of any one person, by such legislation as would make it more profitable to invest capital in other articles after a certain maximum acreage is acquired. . . The tenant farmers of thp XJnited Kingdom have had to suffer grievous wrongs under the landlords in many ways ; the tender mercies of the latter haye been very. mteL Summary ejectment, without compensation for unexhausted improvements, has been exercised at the landlord's caprice, and severe restrictions as io the game laws <fcc., have been vigorously enforced. The latter howovgr have jastbeendealt with bj the British Parliament, although the peers, in. perfect harmony with their traditional class interests, have sought to emasculate the work of the House of Commons as much as they <lare. THAT the.Hoise of Assembly should have sudddenly. adopted the Local Option principle in relation to restrictions on the Liquor Traffic on Sundaya was a grateful surprise to the ardent but nearly exhausted workera for a^e - farm.- That it was a point whiclTthe GoVBrnment would not have-granted is obvious"; but the majority- of set«i votes in a tolerably full^House significMit. It shows jprebLy ;piaiqly that the recent vigorous discuEmpaof the whole quesfcipn outBide Parliament, and the ovident determination bf electorate te organise with a vie^to |nake their weight felt at the next general elections, have riot been without their influence on the minds of men who are speeding their last few weeks of legislative existence, who have to face-tie challenges.and criticisms of constituency very shortly, jand who . have to run the risks -of re-election to the Parliament tio be ^oriti-' in -^1881. lie •alue of agitation has seldom been more cliearly" shown ;" and whilst this has been a decided victory to the Temperance Reformers and those in favor of law ^d order, it has been a no less signal defeat to the party led on by that valiant champion for u the poor man's beer," the Editor of die Adelaide Advertiser. The fact is not to be ignored^ that members of Parliament are prone jobe not insensible to earnest protest ; those who Jhave the matter in hand, should'take this instalment of good as inaioauve oF wiiat tnay be done if tfcey <>nly eancate ;^opular feeling orougliiy.—It is truetiiat4headmisis ^in a ssi^e ^n^^a^instalment, a step ing or days ^y piobiic 1 .ofrmi __ ( , , ^uite- Jas- mudr^Se ave expected, and perhap., ™ as could be desired imder ^ «xis^ig con^tipn of things. We must not iorgettiatfeveurefoiinliA6ybecarriedto exfafenaeSj'and , tii^it r any- refoSn^6timed oyond the W^Ji and will of the popular mind, is apt to end in, a graater or less decree of reaction. Therefore there f should be contentment with that which has been achieved, and a hopeful determiaation to carry on.the education of public opinion to a further suppression of those features of the Liquor Traffic which are productive'of mischief to the community ; and to the adoption of the Local Option principle in relation to Licensing public houses* * * * * * • IT would be a fatal mistake to trust to this concession—as some may blindly do— as an accomplishment of all that has been aimed at in recent organization. There is a great deal more than •^Hjto be achieved. Men have to be educated to a lively sense of their political rights and responsibilities. They have got to be taught to a great extent that they have within reach electoral privileges for which their forefathers prayed and suffered in vain in the old world, and the enjoyment of which was only a dream of radical reformers until this newer world was inhabited. Every man here may claim kis vote, and in that way exercise an influence on the conncils of this young nation. He may have direct representation in Parliament, and become by means of the representative he elects an integral part of the great commonwealth. Having these privileges he is bound by his duty as a citizen to avail himself of his right by enrolling himself on the electoral lists, and then, when the time comes, to exercise his vote intelligently and honestly. It is a part of the programme of the Local Option and Sunday Closing Societies to see that men are enrolled. The next step will be to codify the leading principles of a reformed political programme. Men with strong moral convictions are wanted at the front, and there must be a preparation for a sharp contention for possession of legislatorial seats and. influence: The events of the next few months should be of vast interest to those who wish well for their country, and who may be aiming at the purgation of some public and social impurities which- have been but too patent. IN their anxiety to protect the good people of this colony from the danger of employing unauthorised practitioners in the science of surgery and medicine, the promoters of the Medical Practitioners Bill are asking a little more than should be granted. We do not think for the sake—as is alleged—,of cutting out of a very extensive practice a homeopathist who has for twenty years enjoyed a large share of public ,eon£dence, the interested few who have wtH&ad; up the Bill into its present efeapa should be permitted to establish a,medical monopoly ; and probably the public will take this view of the matter. Already, indeed, there has been a little outcry, the burden of which ra based on heavy medical fees. ... Of course everyone will admit that the public should be guarded and regarded, and that mere quackery should be opposed as much in medicine as in religion;— •ome persons—treating the physical as superior to the mentaj and spiritual may possibly say there is more danger in the former than in the latter! But whilst the public welfare is properly considered the public interests must not be lost sight of. . . . We have a considerable number of monopolies already, as for instance in the law, and no one seems to be very much in love with them save the monopolists themselves. * * * * THE Southern Argus calls the present session of Parliament "barren." we wish that we could offer to our contemporary a flat contradiction. And now hon. members are craning their necks, trying to discover the date of the pro- rogation. The closing of the present third session of this Parliament will be a spectacle for gods and men, but not for politicaixs; the slaughtering of innocents promises to almost produce another ELerodian era. * * » # Mr. ARTHUR SKETCHLEF appears to be, on the whole, favorably impressed with the appearance of the city of Adelaide, but the mud in the streets and on the roads last week was such as to keep him from expressing himself in terms of Hnqualified delight. He thus delivers himself in the Advertiser— " There is one feature in Adelaide which in abundance and tenacity quite equals the state of things to be met ^with in the Strand, and far ; exceeds anything of the kind floating in Fleetstreet, and that is the mud. It is true it does not possess the' deep color nor the adipose character of that with which London abounds, but as far as it goes it runs the old country very close both as to quality and quantity/' • * * » MR. EDWARD W. Price/Government Resident at Palmerston, thinks th& climate of the Territory has been much abused. In his report recently furnished to the Government, he says to persons thinking of settling in that part of South Australia.—"Don't be afraid of the climate. Taking it altogether, it is a pleasanter climate than Southern Australia; and don't believe storied about mosquitoes and other tropical pests. I have used a mosquito certain only five nights in.six years, so they can't be very bad ; and alligators don't walk about the streets of Palmoraten Seeking to devour people." HAS the Wallaroo. Railway office been undermaned, or have the officials in that Department been dilatory in the performance of their duties ? We have heard complaints made that it is almost impossible to get accounts rendered from the railway office under twenty or thirty days after they should have been sent in, and that after they are rendered they are frequently so full of errors and omissions that they have to be sent back for correction again and again. If this be so (and our informants are in every way trustworthy) it bespeaks not only dilatoriness but incompetency somewhere. One is naturally led to enquire who is responsible for such a state ot things, and whether it has been brought under the notice of the General Traffic Manager. Some alterations have, we believe, been recently made in the personnel of the Wallaroo office, but it is the opinion of many < that a further change of officers would be the reverse of detrimental, and as complaints have been forwarded to the chief of the department pro- bably a further change will be effected before long. BY the way, whilst we are writing about the Wallaroo Railway, it may not be out of place to suggest that some of the charges might be readjusted so as to result beneficially to those who use the line. We have been informed that if a ^ck containing five tons of goods is alongside the goods-shed, and a request is made that it be stored during the night or for an hour during the day, the charges are 3d. per ton= Is. 3d., for shunting and per bag= 2s. Id. for storage. Total charge 3s. 4d. per truck. Now this charge comes rather strong on firms like that of Messrs. j Kimber and Drew and Duffield and ; Co., who are in the habit of sending away large shipments of wheat and flour, and to whom (on the principle ! that every business man makes concession to his best customers! some concessions should be made. From the following it will be seen that it is rather an expensive matter to get a truckload of flour on board ship from Messrs. Duffield & Co.'s Victoria Mills —a distance of a little under a mile, i The charges are as follows :—Shunting from the mill line to the Moonta line (about 12 yards) 3d. per ton ; carriage to the goods-shed 3d. per ton ; sbunting on the jetty 3d. per ton, or in all 9d. per ton for one mile, to which hap to be added wharfage Is. 8d. per ton, making the total charge of l-2s. per truck for one mile without storage ; and if they have occasion to store the truck-load for the night the total , charge is brought up to 16s. 5d. per' truck, a charge that to outsiders, who are not fully initiated into the ! mysteries of railway management,! appears exorbitant. Now in reality j it is not the direct customers of the railway (such as millers and wheat • buyers) who have to pay these charges, , for in buying wheat these have to make allowances for such incidental expenses, and consequently in reality it is the farmer who has to lpay , . ' . T j , these^high rates,-a flung that he can M afford to do with the present low ^ice ot wheat. ^ ^ j A XT , . . „ ; AT Nagambie, in V ictona, they have a veritable ghost, between six and seven j feet high. The inhabitants have been i greatly exercised of late by its num- j erous appearances, as, though it has ; been shot at, it continues to perambulate j round the railway station. The Station -master would do "well to keep an eye on the safe in which he keeps his ticket-money, for ghosts are sometimes of rather mercenory disposition. • • * * THE P. A. News has the following dialogue anent the Sorata business, in a clairvoyant report of a cabinet meeting presumedly held last week:— u M. of E.—Are we going to take any notice thing for Governors to go abroad steamers just when about to sail Treas.—You mean, the presence of His Excellency is elevating? C.S.—Precisely so and Dukes are better away from the bridge and Captain when reefe are handy. C.C.L.—Yes; and it's a moot point whether the mist was on the shore or in the brain ! C.P.W. — (looking cautiously all round and under the table)—! Hus h! » * * • of the Sorata business ? C.S.—Don't see how we can. . . . (Reflectively) Seems to me it isn't a good IT is not a pleasant thing to have to admit that even members of Parliament generally carry a thin veneer of poUtenessj and may be, some of them none at all I It has recently been made manifest that there are ill-concealed antagonisms, and old sores of personal' offence operating in the minds of some of our senators; and it only wants the occasion to make scenic disturbances, equalling in sensational character the worst exhibitions in. Melbourne, Sydney or Tasmania. .. . The need of a firm hand in charge of the reins is very clearly demonstrated; and Sir George Kingston's successor must have special qualities • " # of head.and # heart. . * * • BROWN does not think that it adds to the dignity of an officer in the Government employ to hector over and' swear at those who are under him. .'Neither do we; bnt our old friend Sandy thinks it is an " awfu.' relief to one's feelins to let out once upon a time. Men," says Sandy, ''are like mules, and a.few good hard swears now and then does . hem an awfa' amount of good." : 