ENTERTAINMENTS. DRAMATIC, &c.; The past week has been a particularly profi table one for the places of entertainment in the city, each one having its full share of public patronage owing to the influx: from all parts of the country of visitors attracted to town by the review and the races. The dwellers in those quiet regions far from the busy hum of cities generally hail a holiday as a means of enabling them to crowd all the engagements they can command into the compass of a day and a night's sojourn in the metropolis, consequently the placeB of amusement are, as a rule, rushed by eager pleasure-seekers, whose opportunities of seeing really good performances, either vocal, instrumental, or dramatic, are few and far between. At the Theatre Boyal "H.MS. Pinafore," like the well-manned craft she is, continues to cruise in the stream of popular favour with flying colours, the breath of applause nightly filling the sails, so to speak, with a force fairly gratifying to her owners. Captain Corcoran and crew are immense favourites still, and the official utterances of that pink of pomposity, the First Lord of the Admiralty, Sir Joseph Porter, K.C B, have greater weight than ever, while the voices of his sisters, and his cousins, and his aunts add harmony to the vocal pleasures of the piece they perform in. There waB a change of caste on Monday evening, the Queen's Birthday, the part of " pretty little Buttercup," the gay and generous hearted bumboat woman being given to Miss Maggie Moore, who made the part immensely amusing by her naive style and the thoroughly natural way she entered into the characteristics of the class the role represents. She distributed her " aitches" with graceful abandon and kept up the spirit of the performance throughout. Her singing was decidedly an improvement to the part of Buttercup, and altogether she succeeded in giving quite a higher degree of interest to the character. In her duet with that cautions and time-serving commander, Captain Corcoran, whose name comes with such a pompous roll from the " official" mouth of Sir Joseph " Paw tah," was a pretty and pleasant surprise, and she was heartily encored. Miss B. Leaf, who is the happy owner of a very flexible voice of considerable range, made her debut as Josephine, the romantic daughter of Captain "Kawkawran," as Sir Joseph pro nounces that much snubbed officer's name, and she invested the character with a fair amount of distinctness. The young lady is a spirited actress, and seemed to have arrived at a very just idea of the kind of maiden the "lass that loved a lowly tar" was intended to be by the author. Tho charming song " Love Levels all Banks" seemed to take remarkably well with the audience, and they could scarcely wait till it was finished before they testified their admiration by demanding a repetition. H.M.S. Pinafore has plenty of sea room yet before she comes round on the losing tack. Garner's Theatre has been doing well, and the management have no reason to complain of want of patronage. Of course they would like to see "crowded houses and thousands turned away from the doors every night," as in the popular parlance of the playbills sometimes used by companies, but where there is a steady attendance there is little occasion for aught but satisfaction. Mr. Wybert Beeve, who is good in all he gives his mind to, appeared in his favourite character Count Fosco, in " The Woman in White," on Saturday, May 22. It is not so very long since Adelaideans had an opportunity of seeing his imperso nation of this subtle refined scoundrel, and they must have a vivid recollection of what a masterpiece of acting it was. One needs to see and study Count Fosco in all the deep shades of bis calm, cool, cruel nature several nights in succession to thoroughly comprehend the clever conception of the character, because it is one that co-iBtantly opens some new phase not noticed before. It is a deep study for an actor, and a hard one to interpret successfully. This has been accomplished by Mr. Wybert Beeve in a way that proves his power as an impersonator. Miss Ada Lester, so favourably known in other representations, gave an able rendering of the difficult double role of Laura Fairleigh and Ann Catberick. Mrs. George Gordon made an effective Marion Halcombe. As Walter Hart wight, the artist, Mr. G. R. Ireland was in no way deficient, and Mr. J. G. Joyce was amusing as Professor Pesca, a part which he seemed to have heen at some pains to study. In closing the notice of the " Woman in White" we must not forget to award a word of praise to Mr. G. Gordon for the taste and finish of the new scenery painted by him for this particular piece. The *' Woman in White" was again presented to a very good audience on Monday night. The Troubadours'are holding their own in the Academy of Music, and have a prospect of a pretty successful season before them. They had a first-rate house on Saturday night, when " Conrad and Lizette," a play which appears to have taken with the public beyond expectation, was again given. A peculiar piece called "Patchwork, or Hamlet on a String," was per formed, but not in a way to ensure its apprecia tion by discerning people, even if the medley itself were worth seeing. This piece of mixed-up pleasantry was given some time ago in White's Booms by "Troabadours"of mature age,and was fairly successful; but in the hands of juveniles it must necessarily suffer somewhat, and it did in its presentment at the Aoademy the other night, although, of course, it created plenty of fun. The plot is simple enough. An eccentric gentleman, fortnnately possessed of the means to indulge his peculiar tastes, gives a fancy dress ball, and his servants take the oppor tunity to masquerade in the fancy dresses, and indulge in all kinds of extraordinary antics. At the Academy Master S. McLean imitated Joseph Jefferson's Rip Van Winkle; Miss Nina Tulloch appeared in a grand operatic scena; Master Parlato gave a motto song, "All that glitters is not gold;" and Miss Emmeline Fox showed her capabilities in " Pretty as a Picture;" Master Partalo also exhibited his attainments in " Gaily as a Troubadour." In the " Troubadour's" travestie of Hamlet the Prince of Denmark, the Grave digger, the Queen, the Ghost, and Polonius were introduced. Shortly after White's Rooms was metamor phosed into Garner's Theatre the Hon. Dr. Campbell wrote to the City Council,pointing out that the building did not offer sufficient facili ties for egress for the public in cases of sudden panic, and the City Surveyor reported en the matter, in a measure confirming the doctor's statement, and adding that the wooden pillars supporting the gallery were not suitable. This has been denied on the part of R. Huckson and Co, the contractors, and Messrs. English and Soward, the architects for alterations; also by Mr. Wybert Reeve. The last-named gentleman asserts that Garner's Theatre is far more secure from fire than any other tbeatie be has seen in the colonies. The contractors give a technical descripticn of the materials ana mode of sup porting the gallery, and the architects endorse their statements. There the matter rests. Meanwhile the public seem satisfied, as they have not given any distinct indication of having been influenced by the differences in opinion. On Friday night" Still Waters Bon Deep" was played to a pretty large and very appreciative audience. Lovers of pianoforte music have bad an opportunity of hearing and witnessing the per formances of a young pianist of considerable skill who has lately arrived in Adelaide. His name is Leopold Breitenstein, and he gave a pianoforte recital in the Town Hall Exchange room en Friday, May 21. The audience mostly consisted of ladies. The performer is con sidered slightly stiff, but he gave proof that he was no novice, and that he had been trained with great care under good instructors. Ha played, among other difficult pieoes, Beethoven's Sonata in 6 major, op. 14, No. 2,'and our musical readers can very easily understand that a pianist who can accurately interpret such a difficult and classical work has no small com mand over the instrument. Herr Breitenstein was ably assisted by Madame Marval (soprano;, Mr. J. Hall (violinist), and Mr. J. M. K. Winterbottom (violoncellist). 