BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. -T Mr. Sheriff Nicholson will, it is expected, be the first occupant of the Gaelic chair in the University of Edinburgh. The first number of a new satirical weekly journal, to be called Pan has appeared in London. Mr. G. A. Sala is one of the chief con- tributors. In a recent interview at St. Petersburg between the Russian Emperor and the Chinese Ambassador, English served as the medium of communication. It is said that M. Jules Verne is about to visit the province of Oran in order to explore the marble quarries of Kleber. He hopes to collect the necessary materials for a work to be entitled " A journey to the Land of Marble." The British Museum is about to be enriched by a collection of natural history specimens made by the officers of Her Majesty's ship Alert, which has been for some months engaged in making a complete survey of the Straits of Magellan. Over 200 German officers have sent their names at the Turkish Embassy at Berlin, as volunteers to serve in the Ottoman army. As, however, the Porte only asked for military instructors, it is not likely that more will be sent, or allowed to go, over at their own cost. The late Rev. George Gilfillan left behind him a novel in MS. under the title of " reconciliation It is said that the narrative partakes very largely of an autobiographical character, containing graphic sketches of the beautiful district of Perthshire, in which Mr. Gilfillan was born. The bells of the parish church of Boston were rung on the 17th September in commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the foundation of the city of Boston, Massachusetts. The latter Boston received its name in honour of the Rev. John Cotton, who was 20 years vicar of Boston, in Lincolnshire. At the East India Docks a luncheon was given on board the sailing ship Lady Jocelyn, in celebration of the approaching departure of that vessel for the Bay of Plenty, New Zealand, with the third party of settlers organised by Mr. George Vesey Stewart. Sir Julius Vogel was present, and testified to the success of the two previous settlements which Mr. Stewart had formed. Mr. Tracy Turnorelli, whose connection with the golden wreath rejected by Lord Beaconsfield will be widely remembered, has published some letters regarding his claim to the Tracy " Titles and Estates. " He states that the advisability of bringing this claim for the third time in his family history before the House of Lords, is at the present time occupying the attention of his legal advisers. In 1862, while absent with the army, and without solicitation on his part, he had been elected to Congress from the Old Giddings district (the 19th, in which he resided and believing that his path of usefulness lay in the direction to which his constituents pointed, he resigned his commission December 5, 1863, and entered upon the duties of a statesman's life. During several terms he has served as the Chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs, of the Committee of Banking and Currency, and of the Appropriations Committee. This last chairmanship he held until 1875, when the Democrats came into power. Two years later, when James G. Blaine went to the Senate, General Garfield became by common consent the Republican leader in the House-a position which he has maintained ever since. A double murder was committed in broad daylight on September 15 in the Bois de Vincennes, Paris. Two waiters were walking with a young woman, a fellow- servant, when they began to quarrel. Seeing two gendarmes passing the girl called to them to interpose, whereupon one of the men drew a knife and stabbed his companion twice. The wounded man died on thespot,both blows having reached the heart. The assailant then rushed on the young woman, and having stabbed her twice, quietly gave himself up to the gendarmes. The young woman died while she was being conveyed to the hospital. At Netherton Churchyard, near Dudley, there occurred a scene at a funeral arising out of a persistent and successful attempt of a Dissenting minister to read his own service over the body'. A collier, named John Parsons, died of severe burns, and Netherton Churchyard being the only burial-place, it was absolutely necessary that he should be buried there. His friends were Baptists, and they wished under the new Act to road their service. The curate refused ; but the vicar, the Rev. S. J. Marriott, consented, but afterwards withdrew his consent, on the ground that proper legal notice had not been given. He was told that this was impossible because of his own action in not withdrawing his consent until too late. On the I Sunday, when the funeral arrived at the church- yard, the curate, the Rev. E. J. Crowther, read the service outside, and then the Rev. W. Millington, Baptist, began to read a service. The curate forbade him in the names of the vicar, the Bishop, and the Queen, and told Mr. Millington he would hear of the attempt again. Mr. Millington persisted, and when the curate retired he finished the service, and the crowd dispersed quietly. It is well when asking a favour (says the London Daily Telegraph) to be explicit as to what we exactly want, and not to omit the mention of any particular virtue or merit entitling us in our own opinion to the solicited been. Few petitioners, in any country, and at any time, have taken greater pains to ensure success by observing the above wholesome prescriptions than one Mr. Harralamcieh, of Orajova, who recently addressed the following companion have supplication to the Roumanian Council of Ministers: "Pray obtain for me a decoration, no matter how trifling for I have contributed to the amelioration of the canine race, have been a delegate of the Divan ad hoe, a sub prefect, a procurator, an author, and a landowner. Procure for me an appointment in the administration of the tobacco monopoly, the State railways, or elsewhere for not only am I a patriot, but a Conservative or Liberal one, just as it may happen to suit you. Give me, gentlemen Ministers, I beseech ye, a bone of some sort to gnaw for I am altogether dynas tically disposed. Above all, let a national dona- tion be forthwith granted to me, on the ground that I lent a hand to the dethronement of Prince Couzi, and that I am ready at a moment's notice to prove my love for my country by help- ing to dethrone any other sovereign whom the Roumanian nation shall urgently desire to get rid of. And your petitioner will over pray." The terms of this application remind us of the address of the candidate for Parliamentary honours who thus concluded his appeal to the electors : " These, gentlemen, are the cherished opinions of a lifetime and the convictions of matured experience j but if, gentlemen, you do not approve of them, I shall be very happy to adopt any other opinions that you may prefer." Some curious particulars are given of the arrival of the Chinese Plenipotentiary, Marquis Tseng, at Berlin, on his way to the Russian capital. His suite consisted of three secretaries, three attaches, a physician, an interpreter, and 13 servants and he occupied the same apartments in the Kaiserhof Hotel in which Lord Beaconsfield resided during the Congress. He was received at the station by Li-Fong-Pao, the Chinese Ambassador at the German Court, and on arriving at the hotel the two Ambassadors went through the ceremony of saluting each other. They folded their hands, fell on their knees, and threw themselves on the ground with outstretched arms. The doors of the room were then closed, and the Ambassadors remained together for about half an hour, after which the doors were opened, and the members of the two embassies saluted each other in the same manner as their chiefs. They also exchanged their visiting cards, which are strips of red paper, a foot long and half a foot broad. There is a pleasant article in Fraser's Magazine upon the late Alexander Russell, of the Scotsman, the most remarkable of Scotch journalists. The writer, however, complains that although everybody is agreed upon the wonderful vigour and humour of his talk, no one seems able to recollect his good things. In this respect the most agreeable of conver- Nationalists are like actors when they are dead it is only a few who remember them, and even those are unable to explain the cause of the admiration excited in them to others ; if the con- sensationalist is a wit, the matter is less difficult, but Russell was not a with At the same time, I can remember some sayings of his that are as good as they are characteristic When the Whig party were collecting subscriptions for the testimonial that was so justly his due, he felt some doubt about accepting it, for, through a poor man, he felt he might lose in prestige what he gained in hard cash. He consulted a canny fellow-countryman upon this matter, and afterwards communicated to me his reply, in that rich northern dialect which no Englishman can reproduce, "If it's feet thousand pounds, man, take it if it's less than fe of thousand, don't take it, and say you wouldn't have taken it if it had been forty thousand." A decision of great interest to agriculturists has been given by the magistrates at Newbury, Berks. A farmer who had received an abate- ment in his rent of 15 per cent. claimed to have his poor-rate assessment accordingly. The Bench held that, as the rent was fixed for a considerable time under a lease, and as the reduction made by the landlord was only temporary, they could not make an order to reduce the assessment. Henry Perry, described as a shopman, was convicted at the Central Criminal Court for assaulting and wounding Clarence Lewis with intent to murder him, and also for committing a robbery. The prosecutor had been in the service of a firm of tea dealers of Ald- gate and Kensington, and prisoner was aware that it was the custom of the firm to send money every Saturday to the Aldgate establishment On August 21 the prisoner accompanied the prosecutor in a railway carriage, and while in a tunnel near King's Cross station made a desperate attack on him with a stick, robbed him of his money, and attempted to escape, but was captured. The prisoner was sentenced to receive thirty lashes and to undergo twenty years' penal servitude. He shrieked on hearing the sentence, and was removed from the Court in a fainting state. A man, who gave his name as George Brown, but who had neither home nor occupation, was brought up at the Marylebone-street Police Court, and it appeared that he had gone to the Molyneux-street Police Station and asked for a warrant against the Prince of Wales, who, he said, had shot his sister and killed her, and who also shot him in Tottenham Court-road. The prisoner had a revolver, with which it was his intention, he said, to shoot the Prince of Wales. A medical man having stated that he had examined the prisoner, and found him to be of unsound mind, the prisoner was remanded to the workhouse. The following curious decision comes from America. An old gentleman, hearing that some youngsters intended to throw a stone through his window, resolved to be ready, and when they arrived he rushed out upon them. They all but one ran away, and that one knocked the old gentleman down twice. When brought up for assault, he said he thought it was a ghost, and he wasn't going to run from it. This was considered a sufficient defence and he was dis- charged-after having come with the intention of committing one illegal net and actually committing another. The judge's idea of a ghost must differ very materially from the ordinary if he thought it so solid as to bear being knocked down twice. Professor Virchow has recalled attention to the subject of tails on men. One of the longest tails on record is that reported by Greve in 1878\. This occurred in the case of a new-born infant, was 75 centimetres in length, and moved about when pricked with a needle. It was removed by an operation. Virchow has recently dissected this tale, and found it not to contain any bone, cartilage, or muscle ; nevertheless, it was a good substitute for a tail. Michel has pointed out that in the human embryo a rudimentary tail is distinctly made and the discovery of men with tails seems to lend support to Lord Monboddo theory, that all mankind originally wore them British Medical Journal. The 100-ton gun on experiment at Woolwich Marshes has fired a bolt nearly a ton in weight. Notes and Queries states that a Greek MS. of of one of the Gospels, written in letters of silver on purple vellum, has recently been discovered in Calabria. It is said to be ornamented with 18 miniatures, representing scenes in New Testa- ment history, together with 40 portraits of prophets. The discoverers' of the MS. claim for it the position of our earliest surviving illuminated MS. of the Gospels, and assign it to the latter part of the fifth or beginning of the sixth century. Another Lake village, assigned by exports to the age of bronze, has been discovered at Auvornioa, near Neuchatel. Several millstones, quite new, others half made, have been brought to light from which it is inferred that the place may have been the seat of a manufactory of these articles. Another conclusion drawn from this find is that Swiss pilot buildings served as actual dwellings for the primeval inhabitants of the land, and were not, as has been supposed, used merely as storehouses. In commenting on a drinking bout in Scotland, wherein four "respectable and industrious " farm servants drank a quart of whisky piece, one of them killed himself, and another threatened to " whitewash the walls " with a young woman's brains, the British Medical Journal admits that there is " a reprehensible practice in Scotland of getting deliberately drunk periodically at certain fairs and markets," but charitably adds that these isolated occasions are looked forward to " as pleasant variations in a monotonous existence, for which wives and mothers make prepara- tions." It goes on to say, that Caledonian drunkenness, like its scenery, may be " stern and wild," but after all it does not lead to " comatose slumbers in dark corners " na Anglican beer-drinking does. Surely a Scotch- man must have written this. These extracts must have been made from the North British Medical Journal. After all, it appears, that Lords are very much like other legislators. There was an unreported and an amusing scene, says the Woi Id, between Lord Redesdale and the " Leader of the House in the Lords" one night shortly before Parliament prorogued. So anxious was Lord Redesdale to get through with the bills which he had opposed, and to cut out the amendments he had aided in inserting, that his Lordship would not permit a word from any noble lord on either side of the House. As one or the other rose, " You don't want to oppose this the ayes have it," growled my Lord Redesdale from his place as Chairman of Committees. On one occasion Earl Granville rose to address the House. "Can't you see have put the question ? You have no right to interfere now, quoth Lord Redesdale, in a very audible voice ; whereupon Lord Gran- ville sat down again, and a few noble lords tittered. Fortunately there were no strangers in the House to witness the series of undignified scenes. Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett, the fiance of the lively Baroness Burdett-Coutts, Says a writer in a Society paper, is tall, wears an imperial and moustache, has one of those low-toned voices, which, though slightly Amoricanish in accent, is much admired by women, albeit that fact is quite sufficient to render, him looked down upon by his own sex. I wonder whether envy has anything to do with the matter ? It is a fact, however, that he of whom the fair and appreciative half of creation speak well, is by his brethren generally designated a carpet knight," and other elegant and complimentary sobriquet of the kind. Mr. Bartlett told a friend some few weeks previously to the report concerning the Baroness becoming generally known, that he intended contracting a marriage that would astonish all London, as it has indeed. What might have been a tragic scene was prevented by the presence of mind of a young actress at Folkestone, during the performance of JAMES. Pinafore by the Opera Comique company. During the second act, when John plane (Miss Ethel Pierson) was taking leave of Ralph Rackstraw, the sky scene caught fire, and blazed up in a most alarming manner. The large audience rose en masse, and were on the point of rushing to the door, when Miss Pierson advanced to the footlights and continued her duet with RackBtrnw, although they were both in imminent danger, while the other performers tore down the burning scenery, and succeeded in trampling out the fire. The plucky pair received quite an ovation when the audience found that all danger was past. A discussion has arisen in France as to the costume worn by Charlotte Corday when she stabbed Marut, and some modern ladies have proclaimed her conduct shocking-not in committing a murder, but in killing a man in his bath. Modern modesty need not be shocked. In the later days of the old French monarchy ladies frequently received visitors while enjoying a bath. But there was no impropriety. They wore bathing gowns of the finest lawn, trimmed' with Valenciennes and the water in the bath was made opaque by the addition of a bottle of essence, or of a jug of milk. But for the name of the thing, they were more decently clad in the bath than in the ballroom. At the conclusion of the Court-martial at Portsmouth on Sergeant Marsham, of the Royal Marines, on charges of fraudulent marking at Wimbledon, the Court found the prisoner not guilty, and he was ordered to return to his duty. An inquest was held at Shepherd's bush on the body of George Aldersbury, a bookseller, who died from voluntary starvation. The deceased was a Spiritualist, and in refusing food said " the spirits would keep him alive." He seldom took more than one meal a day, and once it is said fasted for six days. The English hop crop promises to be nearly, if not quite, an average one. The recent burst of fine weather raised growers' hopes, but whilst in some districts the yield has been satisfactory, in others it has been less so, and some gardens have proved not worth picking. A taste for light beer, containing, it is to be supposed a certain proportion of hope, seems to be growing on the Continent, and this must necessarily create a demand for some of the hops grown abroad, or the English grower could scarcely compete with the supplies from other countries. The Rev. C. F. Lowder, vicar of St. Peter's, London Docks, who has been for the past few days spending his holiday in Switzerland, died recently in the Tyrol, where he had gone for the benefit of his health. His loss will be keenly felt by all classes of churchmen, but by none more than the working-men of Wapping, by whom the rev. gentleman was much loved and respected. Mr. Lowder was one of the leading members of the Council of the English Church Union, and a foremost man in the High Church Party. A contributor of thirty years' experience in the breeding of tame rabbits, sends the following comparative calculation to 2Vic Farmer, which will read somewhat curiously in Tasmania: -" Jame rabbit breeding, 1,000 doe rabbits will breed 25 young ones each in 52 weeks, worth Is. 6d. each at 14 weeks old in the London markets ; 25,000 rabbits at Is. 6d. each, £1,875 ; the outlay for rabbits, at 2s. each dry, £100 ; hutches, at 2s. each, £100. Total outlay, £200. Sheep-breeding 125 ewes will breed 150 lambs in 52 weeks, worth £2 5s. each at 28 weeks old; 150 lambs at £2 5s., £337 10s.; wool, £30 ; total produce, £367 10s. The outlay for sheep at £2 5s. each owe, £281 6s.; hurdles and stakes, £5 ; total outlay, £286 5s. Food : One ewe and her lamb will consume the same quantity of food as eight does and their young ones, so that the cost of food amounts to the same. Take £367 100. from £1,875, and there remains £1,607 10s. balance in favour of the rabbits." Tasmanian and other colonial experience is hardly in keeping with this. Between Brighton and Worthing there is being erected a large Carthusian monastery, to be dedicated to St. Hugh, as offshoot of the Monastery of the Grande Chartreuse in the mountains of Dauphine. The estate is about 350 acres, of which 15 are covered with buildings. The architect is M. Normand, and the building is nearly as large as the parent house. To give an idea of its magnitude, it may be stated that the main court is larger than the Tom Quad at Christ Church, Oxford, or the great court of Trinity, at Cambridge, and is surrounded by a range of cloister with stone fretted vaults. The enclosed area is to be laid out with gardens and fountains and a tower and a spire of enormous height will rise above the southern gates. The chapel is to be of cathedral-like dimensions. The library, the refectory and the chapter-house will be on a grand scale. Each choir monk will have a bedroom, two work rooms, and a separate garden. Fish- ponds, a windmill, and a lake are being constructed, and the nucleus of a good library is already formed. A number of priests are already on the spot, but the Carthusian law of 1 silence has not yet commenced in all its severity. The money comes from the sale of the famous Chartreuse. When Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone arrived at Chester from Mentmore after the hon, gentleman's illness, they walked from the station to the Bishop's Palace, being heartily cheered in the streets. Mr. Gladstone walked to Hawarden, a distance of eight miles, and Mrs. Gladstone returned to Hawarden by train. Mr. Gladstone has written a letter to Mr. John Cowan acknowledging a resolution passed by the Executive Committee of the Liberal Association for Midlothian, congratulating him on his recovery. The Premier expresses his gratitude for the kind feeling and sympathy manifested during his recent illness, and for the sincere pleasure shown on his recovery, alike by his constituents and all classes of the community, including every section of political feeling. He concludes by saying that the recollection of such a generous feeling can never be effaced, and will he hopes, both guide and cheer him in the future. Some further interesting particulars respect- ing the attitude of the Czar towards the Chinese are published. When his Majesty received the Marquess Tseng, the latter said that the Emperor of China sincerely wished now that the ratification of the Treaty between the two countries should be arranged in a spirit of harmony and justice. The Emperor replied that he entertained the same desire. Unfortunately', how- ever, the Chinese Government had not hitherto entirely corresponded with his wishes, but he was pleased at the release of Chung How, and requested the Chinese Ambassador to hasten the submission of proposals to M. Giers for the conclusion of the Treaty. A most remarkable impostor has been going the rounds of provincial towns lately, in the person of a lady doctor known as Madame Enault. She first appeared in Birkenhead, and has since visited Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, and Sheffield. She drives a carriage blazing with mirrors and gilding, and is accompanied by an execrable band dressed as brigands. Her own appearance is very like that of the dangers of a penny show, and her upper dress is fantastically cut from velvet, and crossed and striped with gold lace, and for the rest she sometimes does a skirt, but oftener the bifurcated garment. She pulls teeth gratis, and professes to cure all diseases by means of a famous salvo and liniment. She removes went with her fingers, and boldly challenges investigation of her operations. Her harangues, delivered in French, are badly translated by an Irish interpreter. She also sells her nostrums at 2s. each to the crowd. The remarkable thing is that the people crowd around her, and buy at a rate which has been calculated to yield at least £120 during every hour in which she sells. In Glasgow, where she is at present, she has fairly turned heads of the people, and at least 20,000 attended her performance in one day, and in their enthusiasm they unharnessed her horses, and dragged her in triumph. They also in their blind enthusiasm throw down a poor fellow, who was sacrificed at the shrine of the popular idol, by being run over and seriously injured. In appearance General Garfield is very commanding and impressive. He stands 6ft. high, and is broad-shouldered and strongly built. His head is unusually large, and his forehead remarkably high. He wears light brown hair and beard, and has light blue eyes, a prominent nose, and full cheeks. He usually wears a slouch hat, and always dresses plainly. He is temperate in all things, except brain work. General Garfield has a house in Washington, where he spends his winters, and a farm in Mentor, Lake county, Ohio, where he spends all his time when not engaged at the capital. His farm comprises 125 acres of land, which is highly cultivated and here the General finds a recreation of which he never tires, in directing the field work and making improvements in the buildings, fences, and orchards. He has never forgotten the lessons learned when he made his living by farming, and he is as genial and hearty a friend to the farmers who! surround him as to the magnates who court his society in Washington. He sprang from the people, and he is emphatically one of the people. Devonport Dockyard has, says " Atlas "| in the World, been experimentally con-! ducted with Whitehall by the telephone and if the trial gives satisfactory results this means of intercommunication between the several Royal dockyards and other Government establishments will, more or less; supersede the. telegraphic arrangements which are! at present in use. The fact of " my Lords"! or the officials at Whitehall being able to talk with the dockyard officers at their yards would;; be immensely advantageous, 