EXTKACTS FROM THE "MONTHLY RECORD." . The statistics of Victoria state that there are twelve huiidred!Roman Catholic teachers in the State Schools. How. is this, or how allowed by. Bishop Gould and the priests ? Why do they permit, this, . when the very air' breathed by heretics is poisonous to Roman Catholics? Do these twelve hundred teachers go to confession to the priests ? Are thoy under the bau — are they excommunicated — or are they under some heavy penances— or what? Tho priests pro- nounce the heaviest curses of the Church against persons who send their children to State schools, and they hunt poor widows out of time. Roman Catholics to teach heretics, and that in godless schools, is "very mysterious, very." Is Popery a faith, oris it a myth? The Roman Catholics and their priests say they will not be satisfied until they got the money from the State which they demand. Twelve hundred teachers wages drawn from the State, at an average of £150 per year each, makes a square sum of £180,000 per year paid to Catholios to instruct heretics — three-fourths of the money comes from Protestants. The Catholics and their priests all say, "We are injured and in sulted— we are robbed, and plundered, and persecuted by these heretics. The Pope, Bishop Gould, and the priests permit twelve hundred teachers to receive £180,000 per year, besides being insulted and peisecuted by these denounced heretics ! These tender-hearted followers of the Roman Catholic faith will, perhaps allow us, as heretics, to look-back upontlie persecutions permitted by Holy Mother Church. The Popish inhabitants, led on by their priests' expelled tho Protestants from many towns in Ireland, robbed them of idl their goods, and/stripped them of their clothes. At Port- adown, a, thousand . Protestants — men, women, and children— were brutally driven, in successive troops, to the bridge over Boyne River, and were, cast . headlong into the deep stream. It was fiendish sport to these Popish murderers to shoot those of their victims who endeavoured to' swim to the shore. In the county of Armagh, fbur thousand Protestants were orbwned. In the bounty, of Cavan, the road for twelve miles was stained by the gory track of wounded Pro testants ; more than sixty, ohildren were aband oned by thoir flying parents, so fiercely were they hunted 'down by the bloodhounds of the Papacy. The children's corpses were devoured by beasts and, birds of prey ; any one caught digging graves for/the bodies their lot was in the hands of the priests. At ..Clownes,/, seventeen Protestants were thrown into a' pit, which was then filled with eartli ; their groan3 were heard issuing from the ground' after their burial. / At Graigrie, seventy-two men, women, and children wore/ill-treated. .' Many were hanged afid stripped of' their' clothes ;' the Papists vied with each . other, which of them could stab the ofteriost. /"./ ' I ' ' The superior or ' prior of Strode, said it was lawful to killjalljM sheep or' dogs -and scatter the heretics' ffoneb abroad in ditches, bogs, and turf-pits.': ./' " /::./ " //!// Protestants in multitudes were inclosed in honses,. which ;wer8 then set on- fire, to the great delight, of the priests, and. their flocks, who. loudly exclaimed, ' Oh how, sweetly they fry?" and the wretches boasted that; it. did . them so much , good to; wash their hands ; in . Protestant blood. ; Popish children were .taught to hunt down, Protestant ; children .to, gouge out their eyes. ' ' Dublin was now a city, of .refuge to the persecuted Protestants ; . troops , . of fugitives poured into its streets, bringing the sad news that Protostant blood flowed in fivers, honses and villages reduced to ashes, devastation and murder on every side. Many Protestants of rank appeared amongst the miserable bands, covered like the rest with old rags ; bouib had no other covering than a little twisted straw mat about their middle, and so worn out with travelling or frozen with cold, that they entered the city ou their hands and knees, like living ghosts. Sir John Temple was witness that the Popish inhabitants of Dablin, being prevented by the curses pronounced by their wicked priests against all who gave succonr to the pursed heretics, withheld any aid whatsoever from theBe molanchdly sufferers. A Popish priest can purse, as spme people can tell. Many em.pty houses, barns,. stableB, and open sheds were crowded ; many lay on the open Btreet ; many of the higher classes crept into lonely spots, where they wasted away and died unnoticed by human eye. Yesterday, during afoot race befcjyeenIartiii, of Maitland, and Watson, of Melbourne, at. Bandwick, 100 yards, for £2,5 a-aidp, yMarf'm' had a commanding load within a few yards fif goal, when a spectator, said to haye heavy, bpis against him, deliberately jostled fiiai out ofhis stride and put of the race, 