Reviews. Queensland I'nncli. —Kneh of llio! tlirce colon'oa—New Sontli WuIoh, Victorin, nnd Qti'i'onRloiu! —win now boast tho possrssion of ft Punch ; tho last-comer is-by no means, brliitul.-."its contempo raries, although at present only pub lished once n month. Queensland Punch is a woll-printed nnd carefully edited' Bixpenny-worth, and full of originalities j on example that might woll be followed by other, and moro pretentious journals. Tho January number, which now lies before us, is especially good. Tho emnllur illustrations nnd oornor- piecos are well-done, eomo of them being pro vokingly comic; especially in Mr. \V. Macleod'e curtoon "Tho Protectionist '? UMum-puddtng," llui expression of Borne of tho fucee is particularly natural. Tho literary portion of tho number is ijiiit*? equal to t'io artistic. " A Legend of Uliino ,, is full of absurdities. About " l'ho I'ointer nnd tlio Ghost" thero is An lugoliieby. ring.' It is just possible tluit somo Indies \vu know, would object to a " 13ush Naturalist's ,, ideas about women, as exprossed in tho 2nd chapter of tho ." Popular Natural History." Hern nro α-fow sentoneos :— " No woiian is as old as lior femiilo friond. Women marry more than once if they hnre tlio chance. The existing husband in nlwiys v brut'J. Poets eing tlio praUos of woiutm, but invariably desert them. A good-looking woman, tho property of aiiothor, is always an object of admiration ; if your own, of uiixioly and expense. Women lmvo a great capacity of lovo. They love to eed n lcmaly friond bettor {]n.'B?ed. They love their husbands. They lovo h|e checjno book far butter. Women 'a,n.Mieeaiiment,henco their fondness for perfumes." Wo may admire this " Bush Natura- JislV courage, but we doubt his dis cretion, especially if ho in married. Henry . Australia's sweet singer, apostrophises ?' Black Kuto" in it -manner that i<llo would doubtless consider complimentary. " Punch's exploring trip," iv an oxtravagant burlesque, But amidst ell tbeeo And 'nioro comicalities, -there is a bright jewel in' the form pf a pathetic etory. of one of thosD'f waifs and strays! , who are knocked about a big city—every . man't? band against thorn.' " Mick" bae a genuine ring abont it, ? and finishes with'tt fine pathetic touch. It-is supe'r fliioiiH to wish Queensland Punch a sne cesefol novv year ; that hat* already been' assured by. the excellonc-.'.pf its. January nuuibor. Wo recommend tho committee of our Mechonice' Institutp toincjnde, it in tlio list off periodicals v placed on its reading rooai table, (jurdon aii.il (jlotuh are the'publishers. ?' The Newcastle Directory is to hand. It is an excellent sample of tbo roDourco? of the, Newcastle Not only i? district nnd local information ?very, fully,.given, but also a mass of and other; information .about tho colony, .generally.-. Altogether it forms a most .U8oful; adjunct to every business office.; ;The-,get-up, printing, 1 &c;, aru all firat.-class,. and.tho price low;- Ctwltier'.s Monthly for Jauuary is fully up to its' previoua stnndard, and tVeiiis , willi.-huilH oniuiaUors relating to'liorti\\. oultiiri , , ~agrict.UurOi .stock, poultry, 1 grapo ciillure, . beorki'-cping, arid Iho household, with a fair sprinkling of wit and wifidom.. As : a:isnppleinent, tlierb is issued .with this jinmber, a coloured illustration, of " Houdan and Black Spanish fowls." The coloring is very correct, and tho: whole platu is accredit to ihu houso ,which produced it. In bi.li'r lo si-cure ii larger number of sub scribers, iho proprietor is ollcring prizes mid,premiums on a most extra ordinary Bcale. It is, wo think, to be regretted that.co usuful a family paper hue to resort to such means to secure success. .... .?-..?:????. ?' =" ; : ' 