"SHADOWS IN SUNLIGHT." THE BY E. OWENS BIACKBTIBXE, Author of " The Love that Loves Alway," "The Queen of her Race," t c A Woman Scorned," " What are the Wild Waves Saying?" " Illustrations of Irish Women," &c.; CHAPTER XXL " YOU LIE !" With her fingers upon the handle of the door, Rose Dogherty pauses-for a minute, liven this unscrupulous woman has her qualms of conscience, and conscience asks her what has Kate French done to her that she should thus try to work her ruin? Bowever, Rose Dogherty has made up her mind. She believes honestly that Kate is deceiving .her husband, and she is determined to run the tisk of telling him so. .She opens the door ana walks in. William French is seated by the shaded lamp, apparently immersed in the pages of the Lancet. " Well, Rose, is your mistress sleeping quietly ?' « Yes, Sir." Rose fumbles about something at the sideboard, hoping for some further chance of continuing the conversation. "IwondeTwh&t; was the matter with the misthress, Sir," she says presently, as she stands by the sideboard emptying some tea into the tea- caddy. " Nervousness," laconically replies William French, who has aU a doctor's dislike to entering into medical details' with a non-professional, " I-overtuk th' misthress on 1 th' road from Dundeddy, Sir," pursues Rose, desirous of further questioning.• - • ' u Did you—well fWilliam never looks up from his paper. " An' before that I was speakin' to my cousin, Pat Fennessey—an' it was he told ma th' misthress was in Dondenny churchyard." " Aye, that reminds me." says William French, "you were' going to Bay something about it when your mistress fainted. Well—what was it ?" He lays down the paper, and looks At Rose Dogherty, who stands at the other side of the table. She notices what Kate noticed when die had met her husband in the village, that he looks ill, and haggard, and worn, and her heart goes out to him so that she can scarcely bear to tell him the miserable tale she has made up her mind to unfold. , "Tor not lookin' well, Sir," she hazards. " No," he replies wearily, placing his hand over his wide, white brow. " Some- how- or other I don't feel quite myself. I think I shall try and get. away soon for a few days' change somewhere. It is many a long day since I took a holiday, and I aan beginning to feel I want one." " Ter right, Sir" " But what is this you have to tell me ? I suppose your mistress, was at that poor Mra.feltoil's grave. She is very softhearted. Just see how she has taken to tie baby!" ROE® hesitates fer a moment. "D'ye think it's for the baby's sake th' misthress is fond av it 1" She asks suddenly and cynically. " Why, yes; I think so," William French answers the question vaguely, as though] he thought very little about the matter. "I never yet in all my experience met a woman fonder of children than is your mistress." "She is very fond of Mr. Felton's baby, anyhow ?" says Rose in a meaning tone, which causes William French to look up at her quickly. "What do you mean, Rose ?" he asks with just a suspicion of sternness in his voice. " Oh ! nothing, Sir. I hope you've everything you want, Sir. I must go t' th' baby, Sir; the misthress would never forgive me if it wasn't well looked afther." There is something in her tones and in her manner which arrests William French exactly as she had intended them to do. Just for one second he seems upon the brink of questioning Rose Dogherty. The next minute he says, " Well, perhaps you had better go and look after the child." Rose Dogherty is disappointed, but she is too astute to be baffled. With apparent hesitation she says— " I told you, Sir, that my cousin Pat Fennessy told me the misthress was *" Dondenny churchyard." " Yes, Rose," and William French lays 8wn his- paper, tilts up the shade of the lamp, and looks at the woman. " Will you be good enough to tell me what the devil you are driving at t" Row makes no reply, but stands with downcast eyes and hands meekly folded before her. " Come, woman!" he exclaims wrathfuily,as he standsupand suddenly grasps her by the arm. What do you mean by these mysterious insinuations ?" " I wish you wouldn't askme,Sir," she replies in alow tone. " But I will ask you ! and whatis more 1 mean to make you answer me. * It all flashes upon me now. Tell me-what yon have meant for come time back by these insinuations upon your mistress. Tell me fiiat?" he exclaims, with fast gathering wrath, " and then leave the house." " Me leave you, Sirt in the throuble an' the loneliness that's comin' on yeh V she exclaims diplomatically and hypocritically. " No, Sir, I'm not that kind," and die moves towards the door. William French is too quick for her. He puts hia back against the closed door, and says in a determined tone, ".Rose Dogherty, you havfe not' answered "my question. What is the meaning of the insinuations you have of late suh^ily suggested against j our mistress 1" " It is better for you not to know, Sir." " But by heavens, I will know !" he says ; " and outi of this room you don't go until you tell me !" The hour has come. Rose Dogherty raises her stealthy, cat-like eyes to the face of the man who stands opposite to her, an agonised expression upon his pale, worn countenance, and she says— " For a long time, Sir, I wanted to say this t' yeh ; but I didn't like t' do it. I don't think the misthress cares as much for yeh as she ought." " Why do you say so!" William French's face is very pale and stern, and his clenched hands hang loosely by his sides. "Because, Sir," continues Rose Dogherty, waxing braver and more eloquent, " I suspected it from the very day yeh was married, and then I watched her an' I feel sure that whin Misther Felton came —troth, Sir, I don't like to say it—but ahure any wan cud see the fancy she tukt' him." Rose ceaseB, gives a stealthy look at the pale face before her to see how her words Lave told, but William French only says— "Goon." "An' thin, Sir, ahure if wan wanted any proof that the misthress fell in love -nid Misther Felton, only just look at how fond she is av his child ! But that's not the worst." William French visibly leans against the door for support, but he only again says— " Go on, let me know the worst!" " Well, Sir, yeh'll hardl believe it, but th' misthress wint t' meet Misther Felton this very day in Dundenny churchyard." There is nothing but sheer incredulity • visible "upon William French's countenace as he looks at Rose Dogherty. "Rose, I am afraid you are either a mad or a bad woman." " We are all bad, God help us," she says, hypocritically ; ."but I'm not a bit read, Sir. For I seen th' misthress wid me oun two eyes in Dundenny church- yard to-day, an' if h« wasn't her lover, I give yer lave to call me mad, Sir. Why, I saw her kissin' his hand, an' he kissin' hers !" " You lie!" William French's voice is hoarse with passion as he springs forward and seizes the woman. " If Mr. Felton had been in the neighbourhood your mistress would have told me. You lie, woman, and to-morrow morning your mistress puts you out of the door!" "I don't lie, Si' ?" she replies stoutly, conscious that she can support her assertions, " an' if yer don't believe me, go to Moyna, an' ask me cousin, Pat Fennessey, who it was he dhruv t' Dundenny churchyard t'-day!" William French flings the woman from him without a word, and strides noiselessly, even in his rage, up the stairs until he gains the room where Kate lies. She is in the same position as when he left her, and as he looks at the beloved, sweet, pure face in the dim light the man almost goes mad at the thought of Rose's insinuations. He bends over her, and gently touches her neck. Instinctively she turns and kisses his hand, and her faithful lips murmur, William." CHAPTER XXIL MOYJTA. The looks and the unconscious word of his wife tell William French that he ought uot to heed what Rose Dogherty has said. But the doubtful words she has dropped have.left a rankling jealousy behind; and the man starts tip and leaves the room, a suspicion filling his mind that, perhaps, alter all, Rose might be in the right. - As he strides down .the stairs he is an excellent example of Howard's words, that— "When this disease of jealousy can find A way to prey open a tempered mind, Most things, instead of help, or giving ease, The humour feed, and torn to the disease. Honestly the man feels that the right thing for him to do is to wait until Kate is in a fit state to be spoken to, and then to ask her for an explanation of Rose Dogherty's assertions. That his wife can refute them he has not the least doubt, but at the same time, side by side with, the certainty, the uncertainty stalks like a ghost, and, let William French do all he can, he cannot exorcise it. He enters the sitting-room. Kate's work-basket is right before his eyes, and upon it lies some piece of prettiness to which she has called his attention during the morning, and which she told him was to adorn the baby. It maddens him, and from his suspicion and anger is born unreasoning jealousy—that forward child of love. Suddenly a thought strikes him, and .goinginto the hall he pulls a bell, which communicates with a room over the stable outside. He cannot rest, and he determines to drive this night the ten miles to ask Pat Fennessey directly what Rose Dogherty has said. "The tax-cart at once," he says abruptly, as the sleepy-looking groom makes his appearasce. John is UBed to these sudden calls and alarms in the night, and does not ascribe the command to anything in particular. In a short time the taxcart is horsed and harnessed, and brought round to the gate, and John is preparing to mount behind, when his master says— "You need not come with me. Tell the servants in the morning to tell their mistress that I was suddenly called to a case beyond Dundenny." " All right, Sir," replies John, not sorry to have the prospect of again inserting himself amongst the blankets, instead of going on a long journey along a bleak country road, with a drizzling rain blowing in his face. For the weather has changed considerably during the past few hours. The rain comes down coldly in a persistent drizzle, and William French has not even an overcoat on. He has forgotten it in the fever of excitement in which he is, and he is a few miles on his way before he becomes aware of its absence. He feels very chilly, but he urges on his horse ; his mind is in a whirl, and his heart is filled with grief and rage. Fortunately the surrounding country is flat and low-lying, so that the horse gets over the ground quickly. As William French passes Dundenny churchyard his poor wounded heart gives a painful bound as he sees the white marble cross at the head of the grave of Charles elton's wife. _ Wlhiai* French sets his teeth and urges his horse on all the faster; something like a curse coming from between his lips. Howlong the road seems to him!' Yet he has in truth got over the ground in an almost incredibly short space of time. ~ - . Moyna iB a village not much larger than Kilmahon; owing whatever importance it may have to the fact that there is a railway station about a quarter of a mile further on. Pat Fennessey keeps the post office, and he also keeps post cars, and thus it comes to pass that hois looked upon as bong no unimportant person in the village. Of course William French is perfectly well aecq uainted with Pat Fennessey's domicile, which is a low, long, thatched cottage, with the windows very few, and very small, one of them being boarded up, painted black, and with a slit in—as Pat himself would say—one of the wooden panes of glass, over which is conspicuosly painted in white letters, " Post Office." The door is in two parts—that is to say, it opens independently above and below ; and William French descends from the tax cart, thro ws the" reins over his arm, and knocks lustily with the butt end of his whip at the upper half of the door ; for there is not euch a thing as a door knocker in the whole village of Moyne. " Who th' dinl's there?" exclaims a sleepy and decidedly irascible voice. " What d'ye mane be knockin' up paceable people in the middle of th' night ?" " Is that Pat FennesBy V' asks William French. " Yes. May I make bould t' ask who is that that's wantw' Pat Fennessy ?" " Put something round you and come here for a minute. Don't be afraid ! You know me—Dr French, from Kilmahon." Pat Fennessy feels an irresistible inclination to give vent to his feelings in a prolonged whistle. However, he wisely restrains himself, and only exclaims, with much alacrity— "Arrah, Docthor Frinch, an' is that you ? I'll be wid yeh in two two's, Sir." Whatever space of time " two two's" may be, to judge by the short time which elapses between his words and his apperance, it is very small indeed. " Why, Docthor dear !" he exclaims as he unbars the wooden shutter and opens the top of the door. " There's nothin' wrong, is there ? Or maybe its about th' sthrange gintleman I was gein' t' dhrive t' yeh t'-day." William French clenches his hands upon the top of the " half-door." "Yes," he replies with diy, nervous lipB, "that is what I came about." And now that he has come about it William French does not know what to say to this man, so as to get the truth out of him without in the least implicating Kate. "It was th' father av' th'little child that does live with yeh, Docthor ? Shure, I often heerd Rose Dogherty talkin' av it." " Yea," William French listens like one in a dream. At length a bright thought strikes him, "I called aa l was passing," continues William ; "I just wanted to know what train he went back by." " Be the last thrain, Sir, Ar coorse the misthress tould yeh that he was a long time in the churchyard wid her, Sir. God help the poor gintleman, shure he wanted to see his wife's grave, any maybe say a prayer for her sowl, although its as like as not he's not a Cath'lic being a Saxon ; but, shure God knows but it was put into his heart to do the right thing!" William French does not seek to stem the flood of'Pat Fennessey's loquacity. At all events, he has heard enough, and that without any questioning, so he only repeats his question— " You say Mr. Felton went off by the last train ?" " Yer, Sir" " Thank you. Pat. I am sorry to have disturbed you," and he turns and gets into the tax-cart. " No throuble in life, Sir an' good night, Sir." " Good night, Pat," and William French drives away down the road. The horse has a good time of it. He goes along at his own good pleasure, slowly or swiftly as it seems good unto him, for his master has relaxed the reins, and he sits alone with his sorrow, weeping like a child. * * * * It is morning when William French drives up to his old gate, and lets himself in the door with his latch-key. The servants are up and about, and Rjse Dogherty confronts him in the hall. . She is startled at his appearance. " Will you have a cup of tea, Sir '" she ventures to suggest. "No," and William French retreats into the surgery where he sits dowu and tries to think. He sits there for a good hour or more. Suddenly he starts, for he finds his thin coat has almost dried upon him, and he can scarcely move, his limbs are so stiffened with the cold. CHAPTER XXHL DT THE MORNING. When William French stands up he is obliged to grasp the back of a chair for support. His limbs are stiff «n<j be r numbed, and a shudder runs through: his strong frame. • Rousing himself with 1 an effort, he leaves the surgery, and cannot resist the temptation of going 1 to the bright fire which he sees burning in the breakfast-room. He seats himself before it, and cowers, shivering, over the grateful flame. The physical exhaustion, combined with the mental trouble, is almost too much for him to bear, and a mist swims before his eyes. A cry reaches him from upstairs, and almost pierces through his heart. He cannot help listening, and presently he hears Kate's voice soothing the baby. A few minutes more, and she enters the room withChar les Felton's child in her arms. "William," she exclaims, as heroes not turn his head, " why, where have you been ?" " To Moyna," he replies laconically. " Did you get a sudden call after I took the sleeping draught," she asks in some perplexity. " No." William cannot trust hi mself to •answer save in monosyllables. Kate comes ever beside him, and putting her arm around his neck turns his face towards her and kisBes him. The soothing draught and the night's sleep, have. Calmed her nerveS comparatively, and as she stands there in her pretty morning dress, with the firelight flickering upon her sweet face and beautiful hair William French feels she has never looked more love-worthy, but the revelations o the past night crowd upon his confused brain ; and lie asks himself, is she worthy of his love ? " William, my darling," says Kate tenderly, as she keeps her hand around his neckj " there is something the matter; tell me what it is." Te tell the truth, Kate French has not the very slightest suspicion of what is really the matter. The first thing that occurs to her is that her husband has been attending some exceptional death bed ; she knows that such scenes always affect him strangely. He never can become hardened to such sights like many other doctors. But to Kate's last question he returns no answer. " William, dear," she continues apprehensively, "I am afraid you are not well." "No," he replies, " I am not well; I fear I caught cold last night." "Why did you go to Moyna?" she persists, taking her arm away from William's neck to quiet the restless child. " On business. Kate !" he exclaims suddenly, looking up at her with wild eyes and haggard face ; " don't question me any more about it!" "Very well, William," she replies quietly, wondering what is the matter. ' 1 Look," she continues, by way of giving the conversation a more agreeable turn, " see how the baby tries to get to you, William," and she holds out the rosy babe to her husband. William French clenches his teeth, and prays to God for patience. Surely this seemingly innocent woman cannot be deceiving him; her heart cannot have gone away from him. Can it be possible that she is so utterly bad as Rose Dogherty would make her out to be ? If so] she must be an exceptionally clever actress. " What a long time it is since we heard anything of Felton," he says, quietly in response to her remark about the child. As he speaks, Rose Dogherty enters the room with the tea urn. Kate's face flushes and pales, and Rose's keen eye notes this, but the former answers in as quiet a tone as that in which her husband has spoken— " Yes. It is a long time since w » heard from him. Here, Rose, take the babe while we are at breakfast." Her calmness amazes William, as he slowly rises and tunu towards the breakfast table. . Kate is shocked at his appearance, and exclaims— William J William ! my darling ! you look very ill. You must not go out on this cold damp day." "1 must," he replies, as he catches a glimpse of his face in the mirrored back of a sideboard opposite. "I don't look to advantage, I admit, this morning. I should have had a bath before coming to breakfast; but I was so cold I sat by the fire and could not leave it." " William, you must' not go out.'" exclaims Kate, emphatically and decidedly, " you will only be catching this horrid fever that is about in the neighbourhood." "Don't be foolish, Kate," he says a little impatiently; " don't you know thiB is the Dundenny dispensary day, and nothing short of Ufe or death could make me foil in attendance there." " Well, I wish you would come home at once after it," she replies, pleadingly, putting her soft warm hand into his, which lies on the table. " Do, William, to please me !" fie looks at her face, whence anxious love beams forth from every feature. And has this woman's heart swerved from him ? If so it be, then no human being will he ever trust again. ^ "|Are you so very anxious about me, Katie ?" he asks, with a faint smile, and almost inclined to think that the events of the past night must be nothing more than a hideous nightmare. Kate rises quickly, comes over and puts her arms around her beloved husband. " William !" she cries as she tenderly caresses him, " what on earth do you mean by saying such dreadful things 1 You must really be very ill, or there must be something or other queer the matter with you, or you would never say such a thing to me, my darling! I know there is something worrying you. Tell me what it is, my pet; you know you married me to let me help you to Bhare your troubles. And troubles are never half so bad when, some one else takes half the burden." Katie feels William trembling in her embrace. The man is torn by conflicting emotions. He cannot bring himself to insult his wife by accusing her of the treachery of which Rose Dogherty has accused her. He is a sensitive-minded, tender-hearted man. And he determines to see further before he says anything to her about Charles Felton, " Never mind, Katie, you shall know all in good time. Take care of yourself to-day. I don't want to have you laid up again in the state of nervous excitement you were in yesterday evening." William French leaves the room without giving Kate a kiss or the slightest caress ; and her heart sinks and her eyes fill with tears ; for Kate looks upon the omission as arising from a want of love for her. As if she could cease to love him, or even to become Careless towards him under any circumstances whatever!—she thinks ; and she looks down at her poor twisted fingers, and in her morbidly sensitive soul she fancies that William shrank away from her when she put her hand in his. It is the height of imagination for her to think so—but Kate is only a passionately loving woman. "Ah ! baby ! baby!" she murmurs an hour later, as she sits with the child upon her knees, " if you were only my very own little baby !" and the tears rain down her face. She hears the door pushed open, and, raising her eyes, shesees her husband standing before her. " Nervous again, Kate ?" he says coolly " I suppose so !" She dashes away the tears, and looks up at him with a pitiful attempt at a smile. " What were you confiding to the baby?" he asks, as he comes over and leaning his elbow upon the mantleshelf, looks down upon his wife's sunny head. "Only some nonsense, William; the sort of nonsense one always talks to a baby"—and this time she achieves a sunny smile as she looks up at her husband. William makes no remark. She sees an odd, stem look come into his customarily kind eyes, and without one word he leaves the room. 