The meeting held Inst night nt the Masonic Hall lo adopt a congratulatory address lo the Hon. Grnlinm .Berry in Victoria was only n partial success as regards its object, but it was vaiunuio in more tnan one respect. Tlioso favourable to the object, and especially tlmt section of soeiety commonly called the workiug men, were invited to attend and assist Messrs. Buchanan, Maclean nnd Vicars to do honour to Mr. 13erry, whom they, the said working men, were assured was their " best friend." The first amusing idea which tho advertisement suggested was the extra ordinary way in which absurdities, like histories, repeat themselves ; for this de termination of the three admirers of Mr. Berry to " honour" him in Sydney inevitably conjured up the ghosts of the three Tooloy-atreet tailors of immortal memory. Messrs. Buchanan, Vicars nnd Maclean in vited the attendance of persons favourable to the ndoption of a congratulatory address, nnd on a fiuo night, with 110 special counter- attraction, the hall was only about two- thirds full. Some of those present, too, were evidently not friendly, nnd, ns usual, boiiic were quito indifferent to tho object, and only went there from curiosity. So far, therefore, ns the attendance went, 'we cannot honestly say that the meeting was a success. There was cer tainly a considerable amount of enthu siasm exhibited by most of thoso pre sent in favour of the so-enllcd leader of the Liberal party in Victoria, though many of Mr. Buchanan's extravagant aud boiubnBtio panegyrics elicited general laughter. Tho panegyrist was evidently not in his best form, although in some portions of his speech he spoke logically nnd forcibly. On the whole, however, his speech was rambling, full of turgid declamation, imaginative in its statements, laboured ami verbose, and full of coarso abuse of tho Service Ministry, tho unfortunate victims of Black Wednesday, tho Conservatives of Victoria, and especially of the "larrikins of the Press." It was evident soon after lie had commenced speaking that thcro was Homo hitch, nnd it soon became evident what that was. The frnmcrs of tho address had found nil unexpected difficulty in tho way — tho difficulty suggested in our leader of yesterday. While they wero con cocting plans to do honour to Mr. Berry us the great leader of tho Liberal party in Vic toria, it seemed more than probable that I10 was making an infamous bargain to obtain tho support of those opposed to the Educntion Act. Tho gentlemen who drew up tho nd- dress felt that the statements which had been made in telegrams from Victoria 011 this subject could not bo ignored. They had, therefore, introduced a clause expressing a hope that lie would on no ac count allow of any interference with the Educntion Act to pleaso the friends of Sir John O'Shanassy. Mr. Buchanan defended the. introduction of this clause . into the address, and dwelt for some time upon the subject nnd tho position in which he himself stood with reference to the question, to the mnnifest disgust of n few persons who left tho - hall. His sentiments, however, met with- general applause, and it was evident that if a. largo proportion had assembled to pay a compliment to Mr. Berry, nil equally largo proportion was of opinion that loynlty to tho Education Act was of far more consequence than compliments to Mr. Berry. Mr. Buchanan, while considering that tlioy were bound to tnlco notice of. tho statements that .had been mndo in the Press, expressed his beliof-tlint they wero unfounded. Wo publish' in another! column an extraot from the Argus to the same effect ns appeared in the telegrams, and also an extract from tho Melbourne Daily 'I'clcgnijdi — which latter docs not bear out the categorical statements in the former. It is hardly possible, however, that they would have been invented. There must have been some foundation for them, and it is possible that llicy will admit of an explanation which will relievo Mr. Berry from the charge of wilfully tampering with the system of- Education in Victoria, in order to gnin sup port from its declared opponents. Tho re ference to the subject in the address did not, however, please everyone, nnd Mr. Garton spoke against it, and moved an amendment to the effect that it be struck out, arguing that it was not desirable lo introduce anything into thu address likely to give offence to any section of the community. His amendment did not appear, however, to find much favour with the meeting, and at this stage, as there were indications of a noisy nnd angry discussion, Mr. Buchanan, who had spoken once or twice in reply to remarks made by other speakers, usurped tbe Chairman's functions ami put the motion to the meeting. The result was Hint the grent bulk of the meeting voted for the motion in favour of the address, nnd that there were oniy a iew nniuis nem up against it. xne outcome of tho meeting is therefore this : that a congratulatory ndth-esB to Mr. Berry has been adopted, and that ho is wnrncd that tbe Liberal party here expect him to remain true to the Education Act, which Mr. Buchanan declared was immeasurably superior to that of New South Wales. Under the circum stances the admirers of Mr. Berry came to a sensible conclusion. It would have been better to postpone the meeting, so that authentic information could be obtained ; but ns it is, the compliment to Mr. Berrv is a guarded one. If Mr. Buchanan, in insisting upon the insertion of this clause in the address, showed some moderation and discretion, he observed very little in the rest of his speech, nis panegyric upon the popular Victorian leader would have boon fulsome flattery addressed to Mr. Gladstone. Addressed to Mr. Berry it is ridiculously extravngnnt, so much so that if lie was a modest man he would blush with shame when he rend it. He is, we know, honest nnd Binccrc in his convictions, but very often mistaken, not over- scrupulous in the menus lie uses, nnd when excited in debate speaks as much clap-trap as Mr. Buchanan himself. It is a fact that lie never was friendly to the Education Act until he found tlmt it became so popular with the people of Victoria. He wns an op ponent of the Ministry which passed it, nnd Liberals in Sydney should know that this ob ject of the hero-worship of some of their number opposed tho measure at every stage, and voted against the second reading of it. Had it rested with Grnlinm Berry, tho Edu cation .-Vet of Victoria would not have been in existence, and seeing how little lie under stood or appreciated the grand principles upon which it is based, the kind of Education system that would now be in existence would be one of which neither Mr. Buchanan nor Liberals in general would have any reason to be proud. The demonstration has had this good effect, that it gives us some idea of the real strength in Sydney of tiie admirers of Mr. Berry and his policy, and this is by no means very for midable. Even they combine prudence with their enthusiasm, and while they congratulate the object of their admiration on the one bund, they admonish him to take care what he is about 011 the other. They treat him much as certain savage tribes do their idols, reverence and pray to Ilium until the idols displease them, and then sharply reprimand and punish them. We trust they have done with strange gods for the present, anil that they will find some worthy objects of worship nearer home. We did not suppose that the remarks we made in our issue of Saturday last respecting the danger by fire to the city would have been' so speedily confirmed as they were by the fire which took "plnce in George-street on .Sunday morning. The destruction of the Victoria Theatre was nn example of how little effect the available appliances for ex tinguishing a large lire have, nml the fire in George-street wns, if possible, a more con vincing proof that it is nil a mere matter of how the wind blows whether one house or a dozen are burnt down. The direction of the wind, or rather air, on Thursday night saved tho entire block between Pitt and George streets from destruction, and on Snturdny night or Sunday morniug tho same atmospherical accident, or Providence, interfered to prevent perhaps a still grantor calamity. Had there been even a moderate breeze blowing in the direction of Mossra. David Jones and Co.'s establishment wo think we may safely say that all the nvnilablo water power in Sydney could not linvc saved tho whole block from destruction. Fortunately what slight wind there wns blew the flames nnd sparks and lumps of fire tho other way over George-street, so that the chances of tho fire being increased were reduced to n comparative minimum ; but Inid there been " any breath of air " to stir the flames in tho direction of whore thorc wnB food for tliein to feed upon only those who saw the danger can realise or estimate what the disastrous result would have been. As wo remarked respecting the fire at the Victoria Theatre, bo wo say concerning the one in George-street, that tiie members of the fire brigades arc not to blnmo. They appear to do their best, nnd certainly some of tliein run great risks ; but 110 exertions of theirs can possibly compcto with tho disad vantage of having to wait for artificial assist ance to bring the water to bear upon a fire. Steam-pumps are all very well in their way or place, but as a practical menus of extin guishing a fire before it gets hold of a build ing they are useless unless thoy mo kept in constant readiness to bo brought into action without tho delay of getting up steam. Even under such an arrangement they are a bad substitute for water pressure, and there is 110 evading the conclusion that the city of 'Sydney will remain nt the mercy of even a moderate fire to commence with nnd a high wind to fan it until tho authorities pro vide such a high-level reservoir ns will enable the fire brigades to operate independently of hand-pumps worked by volunteers from the crowd, or steam-pumps which cannot be of any service until nearly all the damage is done. The light portion of the mails by tho R. M.S. Kaiser-i-Hind left Melbourne by train yesterday afternoon, and will he delivered in Sydney to morrow morning. The bulk will be brought 011 by the Kiiiscr-i-1 Had, which will leave Melbourne nt noon to-day. A large number of citizens assembled in the Masonic Hall last night for the purpose of pre senting the Hon. Graham Berry with nil address expressive of their sympathy with him, nnd con gratulating him 011 his triumph on thu occasion of tho recent general elections in Victoria. It was moved by Mr. David Buchanan, M.L.A., in a longthy speech (as will lie seen elsewhere), anil seconded by Mr. Mountcastle ; but Mr. Garton moved .as an amendment that a portion of the address, referring to Sir John O'Shanassy and tho Catholic vote, should bo struck out, whereupon groat confusion ensued. Mr. G. B. Maclean seconded tlic amendment, but the chairman did not hear him, and declared the origiunl motion— for the adoption of tho address — "almost unanimously carried." Some were of opinion that the atnond- nient was carried, but there can bo 110 doubt that it was never put to tho meeting' by the chairman, who more than once distinctly said so. A meeting of the Melbourne International Exhi bition Commission wns held at tho offices, Mac- cpmrie- slrcct, yesterday afternoon ; tho lion. Joint Frazer, M.L.C., occupying tho chair. Tho Execu tive Commissioner (Dr., Renwick), who has just returned from Mclhourno, presented n lengthy report giving particulars of his transactions whilst there," and supplemented it jjy sburo interesting foots relative to the position and space occupied by the New South Wales Court. Ho further laid before the Commission a plan of the Exhibition Building aud annexes, and referred to the valuable assistance rendered him by M. Jules Joubert. A satisfactory report was read from the finance com mittee, nnd also reports from the committees on live stock, wool nnd animal producLs, and mining and metallurgy, nil of which were adopted. The Commission then adjourned lo Monday next. An Adelaide correspondent writes tlmt the Orient Co. lias contracted for the construction of a new steamer for the Australian trade to be larger than the Orient, and, it is hoped, faster also. The country can still receive immigrants. Those who arrived by the .Samuel Plimsoll wore quickly placed. The vessel was not released from quaran tine until 12 o'clock on Saturday, nnd by. noon yesterday not one of her passengers was remaining in the Immigration Depot at Fort Macqnaric. The greater number of them, having been nominated, went away to their friends. Eleven single women quickly founil situations at gooil wages, anil the single men found employment for themselves, one of them refusing nn offer of £35 n-ycar and rations as a station hand, made to him whilst in the depot. The sittings of the Court of Quarter Sessions was commenced yesterday at the Darlinghurst Courthouse, before His Honor Mr. District Court Judge Wilkinson. Mr. Hcaley conducted the pro secutions on behalf of the Crown. A number of prisoners pleaded guilty to the charges upon which they wore arraigned. John Stoddart, convicted on a charge of embezzlement, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour. William Cotton, found guilty ot stealing a horse, saddle ami bridle, received a similar sentence. William Simpson, pleaded not guilty to a charge of steal ing a quantity of jewellery from a fellow lodger. The jury were unable to agree, and were locked up for the night. Joseph Hall, convicted of stealing n watch, locket and chain, from a fellow-servant at the Sydney Coffee Palace, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour. Annie Crisp wns found guilty of stealing from the per son, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour. Henry Pizen. n super em ployed at the Victoria Theatre daring the pro duction of "New Babylon," wns convicted of utter ing one of tho spurious notes used in the piece, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour in Dnrlinghurst Gaol. Traffic in George-street, between King and Bar rack streets, still remains suspended, owing to the insecure condition of the front walls of some of the buildings destroyed by tbe late fire. Yester day tho City Surveyor affixed a notice to the premises lately occupied by Messrs. Gordon nnd Gotch, stating that within seven days the building would have to be removed. It is to bo presumed that the law requires so lengthened n notice to be given before a danger threatening the lives nnd limbs of tbe citizens can be removed, nnd it is cer tain that such a law requires alteration. In tlic Copeland division of the Hunter nnd Macleay mining district there were 235 applica tions for mining leases lodged in 1878, and 224 in 1879\. In the former year 51 were refused, 133 were granted, 7 were approved, nnd -14 were not disposed of, owing to various causes. The leases required, in some instance?, only one man to be employed upon them, and others up to 12 men. Of these, 19 were declared void for non-execution, 21 were cancelled for non- observance of the labour conditions, 2 for non-payment of rent, nnd 2 were surrendered. Upon the complaint of any person that tiie labour conditions of a lease arc not being fulfilled the lessees are called upon to show cause why it should not be cancelled. If it be can celled the laud can be re-leased or taken up on miners' rights, of which 509 were issued in i 878. and 102G in 1879. Tiie supposed area of auriferous country is 220 square miles, and the population was estimated to be about 1000. According to a l'arliamenlary return there were on June 30th, 1880, in the Hospital for the Insane, Gladcsvillc, 691 patients, and the cost of the establishment during 1879 had been £6874. At Parramatta the number of patients was 815, and the cost for the previous yeat was £7882. At Cal lan Park there were 122, and the cost had been £1404; nml at the Reception House, the cost of which had been £602, there were it. 'i'lie number at the latter institution varies considerably during the course of the year. In connection with the late fire at the Victoria Theatre, we have received a long letter from Mi. W. S. Kelly, Superintendent uf the No. it Volun teer Fire Brigade, in which he, at the commence- incut, remarks that "The whole or the reports state that when the engines arrived there was no water to he had," and that daring his lengthened ex perience, extending over 21 years, believer saw a butler supply. So far as tho report that appeared in these columns is concerned, no woril was men tioned about an insufficiency of water supply. Mr. Kelly's denial is thercfuru perfectly unnecessary. .nr. iveny s tetter ai.-o questions inc remarks in our report as to the want of organisation existing among the firemen constituting the different city brigades, and affirms that the firemen of his company were from first to last working under the direction of himself and officers. That portion of our report of the lire at the Vic toria Theatre to which he takes exception, nnd which applied equally to all volunteer companies, was notonly fully deserved on that occasion, but were unfortunately required to ho couched in stronger language in the report of the lire in George-street. The remainder of Mr. Kelly's letter treats of a sub ject that undoubtedly requires careful considera tion hy tho heads of the different Volunteer Fire Companies in the eitv. After nny serious conflagration in business premises, almost the first inquiry made is as to the position of the safe, nnd no little anxiety is exhibited as to whether the " patent fireproof " has withstand the action of both elements, fire nnd water. In connection with the recent fire in George- street, it has already been mentioned tlmt Mr. lloakc's safe did not protect the documents enclosed within it, only the gold and silver coins being saved. Yesterday morning Messrs. Gordon and Gotch's safe, which had undergone a very severe ordeal from the flames, was opened in tiie presence of the representatives of the Insurance Company, Mr. Superintendent Bown and others. Fortunately tbo valuable documents nndothercon- tentswcrc found comparatively uninjured, the only damage experienced being from a small quantity of water that had penetrated through the crevices. Several articles of jewellery which were enclosed in the small inner drawers were in splendid con dition, nnd did not show even the slightest signs of dam). Altogether, Messrs. Gordou and Goteh may regard it as a matter of congratulation that the contents of the safe were not added to their other severe losses. Mr. Burfield, who occupied nu office over Mr. Read's warehouse, had n large sum of money placed away in his safe, nnd wns naturally anxious to seo that it had not been destroyed. Upon proceeding to open the repository yesterday morning he wns somewhat alarmed to see the door open, but wns far more delighted to iind tho contents secure. It is supposed that by some means the lock was not securely closed, and when the safe was moved tho bolts wereforceil back and the door opened. The experience ol every fire should teach those who have valuable papers or other property to protect tho necessity of possessing a safe ablo to resist the action of both fire and water, each of which is equally destructive. Tho annual meeting of the University Musical Soeiety was held last night nt the Academy of Art. Professor Gurncy presided, and the number of members present wns 1G. The Secretary read the mutual report, which stated that tho progress of the soeiety during the post year had been steady and well marked. The number of mem bers at present on the books was 106, or 18 in excess of tbe number enrolled last year. The committee expected shortly to receivo valuable aid in tlic orchestral parts from Die organ winch was being imported, nml announced that Haydn's " Seasons," which had boon in course of prepara tion by the society, would shortly he ready for production. The treasurer's balance sheet showed that £ 1 3s 1 Id remained to the credit of tho society, and it was added that £6 of pre vious debts had been paid off. During a conversational discussion on tlic report, it transpired that considerable difficulty was experi enced in collecting tho subscriptions which were promised. It wns thought desirable hy some tlmt the members should interest themselves and per sonally solicit payment, und hy others that a paid canvasser should be employed, but nothing definite was decided upon. Sir William Manning, LU.D., wns rc-elcctcd president. Professors Badham and Gurncy wero unanimously elected vice-president?, (Mr. Cape declining tho honour), nnd Messrs. Wal dron, B.A., and Wilkinson, secretaries. Mr. Ed monds was elected honorary treasurer, and Mr. Allen, honorary librarian. Tiie committee were subsequently elected by bnllot, nnd the meeting terminated with votes of thanks to the elinirinnn and the retiring officers. Tho remanded case, in which Julius Kolomian, alias Weiss, 11 1 in x Wittins, is charged with liaviii" forged a cheque upon tho Bank of New South Wales for tho sum of £1 1, purporting to be signed hy Dr. A. Phillips, came 011 again for hearing before Mr. J. Cock, at tho Central Police Court yesterday. The prisoner, who is a Hungarian, wns stated to have visited the shop of Phineas Bear Selig, pawn broker and jeweller, of Market-street, 011 tho even ing of the 9 111 ult., und represented himself an assistant surgeon ou board the Austrian war ship Heligoland; and tlmt he had left that vessel aud was liuishiiig his medical studies under Dr. A. Phillips, Dcvonsliirc-strcet, who was constantly in receipt of remittances from his father in payment of the education given. Tlic prisoner had suid that his father was a Minister of the Crown in Austria. After giving this interesting history the prisoner said Dr. Phillips had com missioned him lo purchase a lady's dress ring nt Dolnruc's, but intended giving his countryman a " turn." lie Bcleclcd two rings, the combined value of which amounted to £11, nnd said that as he had a cheque for that amount he would take both, aud let Dr. Phillips choose for himsolf. Prisoner returned and said both rings had been) kopt, and presenting a sccomV cheque for £G0,said: ho wished fq purchase a . gold watch for that! amount, Tbe shopman's lusplolons were aroused, however, ami I10 declined to sell without money uud upon presenting tho cheque previously p. coived it was dishonoured. Dr. Phillips denied having had nny dealings with tho prisoner With the exception of giving him a little charity.' The prisoner was committed to take his triai 'nt the Central Criminal Court. He was further charged with obtaining goods hy false pretences fr„m Hamilton Johnson, hairdre-sei- and tobni.Toni-t King-street, ami ou this charge also he was com! milted for trial. The usual monthly meeting of the Anglo-Israel Association of New South Wales was held in the New Temperance Hall, Pilt- sticct, last evening when Mr. Percy Williams delivered tho first of his two lectures on "The Great Pyramid." The lee turcr chose for his opening remarks Hie hislorv of this most wonderful structure of ancient times "the building of which is nscrilied to King Cheops" giving some very interesting particulars relative to the work and its days. In the second and . 011- cluding portion of his address, which was illustrated by diagrams, lie dwelt upon its construction, it- passages and chambers, and hy the aid of several apt quotations related how' its recesses had been successively explored by the Greek- Romans, Persians, .Saracens and European-)! lie described the great labours of l'rofe.-.-ur .Smith, who was assisted therein by liis wife, in obtaining its exact measurement- ; how bis work'vvos S3 frequently interfered witli l,v the repeated visits of parties of tourists, aud narrated, ill the professor's own words, an amusing incident wherein n party of .Americans, who had ascended to the summit, would not— behaving in their belief been ngreat tyrant— accord u cheer to King Cheops 4»a »L.t uutiwvi. iiuBtj 4in."!«;riuvi wiaijiwier hnvni" been a silent monument for 4000 years, it had been left to a Mr. John Taylor to decipher the hiero glyphics imputing its erection to a Divine injunc tion. The lecturer was listened to attontively tbrougliout by a large audience, and at the con clusion he wns accorded a cordial vote of thanks for his instructive discourse. The second lecture will treat of " Its lessons, sacred and scientific." A supplement to the (loternmcnt (!n:cttc, pub lished yesterday, contains particulars of a number of reserves that have been declared for earn).-, commons, water, village sites and other purposes! ' The third lecture of Mr. Charles Bright's con- eluding scries on " Bible Stories" was delivered at tbe Theatre Roynl on Sunday evening, the title being "Jesus the Messiah." The lecture wns pro ceeded by a reading from Lord Amberley's " Analysis of Religious Beliefs." M r. Bright trae'ed the origin of the Messianic idea in the Jewish literature, and contended that it.differed materially from the conceptions which attached to the mission of Jesus. Tho theatre was well filled. It was an nounced tlmt the next lecture would be on "Jesus the God," and would be preceded by n reading of Swinburne's pcom, " Before a Crucifix." The Port Darwin correspondent of tlic Argut, writing in the early part of the present month, tells of very lucky finds of gold by Chinnmcn. One Celestial found a nugget woighing 3-loz, an other found one weighing 72oz, a third one weigh- ing 12oz, and finally one was unearthed weighing 191b. During a very short time £30,000 worth of gold were secured hy the Chinese; and tiie correspondent mournfully adds : "Tho chances arc tlmt in three or four months we will again be rushed by natives from the Flowery Land, who can come here without paying a single fraction towards the revenue, nnd, if they are industriou-, can soon make enough money to go home aiul make themselves comfortable for the rest of their lives." \Vc regret to announce that Mr. Walter Cooper, barrister-at-law, whose presence has for years past been familiar to the habitue of the city, died at his residence, Paddingtot), yesterday afternoon. Some few. days since the dccea-ed gentleman burst a blood-vessel, anil though his health for somo time past had been delicate, nothing serious was anticipated. He was in Sydney 011 Saturday, and when his death was announced last evening, his many friends could hardly realise the sad news. Mr. Walter Cooper was a native of the colony, and was for 12 or 14 years connected with the Yepor- torial staff of the Sydney Morning Herald, during which time he gained for himself the reputation u"f being a smart and energetic Pressman. Probably the principal productions of his pen at that period wore some really able articles which he contributed to the columns of the Hrrnld under tlic heading of ' Sydney by Night." These papers, in which lie forcibly puurlrayed the numerous den- of vice existing in tiie city, both in the European and Chinese quarters, attracted considerable at ten. lion both in ami beyond the colonic?, and stamped the author as a man io-s<;--ing a deep insight into human nature and a com siderable knowledge of its frailties ami w.-ak- nesscs. After his severance from tlic Herald in 1874 lie took a trip te America, and on his return niuttiLH iut aim imiUlUCU ID ll)U it.il Ol .CW South Wales, lie was alone time returned as a representative of the Macqunvie district in tlia Legislative Assembly, which position, owing to a dissolution of Parliament, he, however, held only for a short period. He attained considerable celebrity as a dramatic author, and several of his productions have at different times been produced on the colouial stage, the last being a satire mi .Sydney life, entitled " Fuss." At the time of his his deatli Mr. Coupon- was in the prime of life, and, judging hy his undoubted abilities, hud a prosK:r- ous if not brilliant career kefure him. It will be seen from our advertising columns that a now newspaper, to be called the Teaaa-a Telegraph , is to he published on the Tcmora gold, field (luring the first week in August. It is to he brought out under the management of Mr. Samuel Hawkins, of tlic W'ayyn Wayya Heprctx, who has taken offices at lloskins-stroet, Temorn. His connection with the Wngga paper may he taken ns a guarantee that the new journal at femora will he n credit to the district. The third annual exhibition of the New South Wales Poultry, Pigeon and Canary Soeiety will open at the Temperance Hall, Pitt- street, to-day, continuing to-morrow and Thursday, and promises to be the most successful yet held. So far as num ber of exhibits are concerned it ccrtniuly will be, for in section 1 (poultry) there are 100 pens to he shown ; in section 2 (pigeons) there will he tho largest collection yet seen in the colony ; and in section 3 (canaries) over 100 prize birds will bo exhibited. In addition to two other sections— rabbits and miscellaneous — two interesting pigeon matches will he flown from Picton and Iticlunond respectively on the Wednesday and Thursday. To day the doors will be open from 1 o'clock to ID p.m., and on the succeeding days from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., and the admission is fixed at the low scale of Is for adults and Gd for children. Tho Bclraore Lodge, of the Order of Druids, cele brate their eleventh anniversary on Monday next by a picnic to Chowder Bay, .Special preparations have been made to ensure that the affair shall be a most enjoyable one, and from the success which has attended previous celebrations of the anniver sary the picnic, with fine weather,' should he largely patronised. As is well known, Mr. John Bennett, the popular theatrical lessee, besides his other heavy losses, had the whole of the contents of liis iron sufo destroyed in the late tire at the Victoria Theatre. Resolved to profit by experience that gentleman lias since purchased one of Herring's iaige-sized iron safes at u cost of over £60. Whilst rccognis- ing the advisability of the step, we sincerely hope it will be n long time before his new purchase will bo put to bo severe a test ns its predecessor. A Time s' leader, alluding to tho passions which have rent the political world at home, contains the following well-expressed sentence There is a picture in the Grosvenor Gallery this year of Die happy effect of tiie Stream of Lethe, Tlic passions which have distracted men ou the side of Ihcstivain arc east asitlu in its waters; and they emerge in phieid contentment to enjoy themselves in Hie Kly-i.tii fields." Would not this apply, felicitously, lo the xtufii quo in Victoria I A writer in the middle ages said, "The thermometer of public opinion has decidedly cooled down. It no longer stands at ' fever heat.' It has declined to ' temper ate,' and is inclined to fall still further." There was not the fierce excitement about the last elec tion in Victoria that attended the contest in Feb ruary. Mr. W. B. Campbell acknowledges in our advertis ing columns tho receipt of £51)0 from the City Mutual Fire I usuraiicu Company, being the amount of his claim for damage resulting from the recent live. A lecture will be delivered to-morrow evening in connection with the Technical or Working Men's College, by M. Lucicn Henry, in the .School of Arts' College Hall, at 8 o'clock. The foundation-stone of the new church, Darling- road,Balmain, will lie laid hy Mr. Elkington, mavor of tho borough, on Saturday next, at 3 p.m. The commemoration of tiie second anniversary of tiie Sydney Progressive Lyceum will ho celebrated to-night at the Masonic Hall, York-street. On Saturday next there will he a one and a-lmlf hours' pedestrian contest, and also a mile handicap race, at tho Exhibition building, Prince Alfred Park, commencing at 2 o'clock. The most recent novelty introduced to Now South Wales in the shape of after-dinner luxuries is pre served plum pudding, by Messrs. Swallow and Ariell, of Sandridge, It is packed in air-tight tins, and is turned out in splendid condition, with all the rich ness mid flavour for which tho old English article is famous. By referonco lo our advertising columns it will he seen that the second lecture of the Young Men's Christian Association's winter course is to he de livered this evening. The well-known ability of the lecturer ought to command a large nnd attentive audience. The following is the report of the Sydnoy Infirmary for the week ending 24th July, 1880 : — Admitted, 21 males, 13 females, total, 31 ; 'discharged, 26 males, 15 femajo.H. total, -11 ; died, 8 male?, 0 females, total, 14 ; remaining, 144 males, 68 fcmhics, total, 212. Owing to the loLal destruction of the premise.-) occupied hy Messrs. Gordon nnd Gotch, in George- street, the busiucss of that firm will be temporarily despatched at No. 372 George-street, next lo the Past Office cafd. It is satisfactory to learn that the firm have duplicate stocks at their Brisbano and Melbourne houses, so that thoy will bo la a position to execute pending orders in n few day's, 