OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) The "ghost" nuisance has led to an enquiry being made, and has served to open the eyes of the public to the night doings of some members of the Territorial Police, which will probably be brought under the notice of the proper authorities. That a policeman cannot always withstand the temptation of an offered "glass" is a well-known fact, but when it comes to two such officers of the" law visiting and drinking at two publichouses near mid- night, one begins to doubt the propriety of allowing such men to remain longer in the force. How often has this happened before is a question many would like to have answered. The two constables re- ferred to after seeing a drunken man home to his gate, returned with the said drunken man to one of the publichouses hard by, and had two rounds of drink with him at the expense of a gentleman who should have been found in better com- any. Previous to this the constables had been drinking at the Phcenix Hotel. No wonder a constable fell and the ghost escaped. What trust can be placed in such men. We are not told how the " ghost" escaped from Constable Priest after Oakes tumbled over. Perhaps further enquiry will elicit the explanation called for.. The enquiry having served to make known the fact that the Town Hall keeper was drunk on the night in question, and probably in collusion with the "ghost," he has been summarily dismissed from his office. The forthcoming election of aldermen is now exciting some attention. Seven candidates have been nominated, and there will no doubt be some close polling onFriday. The candidates for Municipal honours are Messrs. Watchorn, Brownell, Belbin, Risby, Clark, Gregory, and Daly, and I am of opinion that the polling will { leave them in the order which I have named them. It is quite possible, however, that Mr Risby may take the place of third man. He and Messrs Belbin and Brownell have previously occupied seats in the City Council, and during their term of office they gave great satisfaction. Messrs Clark and Gregory are sure to poll well, and will be "coming men," but the "tried men" will have the advantage in the running this time. It is a most remakable fact that at the Annual Licensing Meeting a license was granted without any comment to the "Nag's Head" of Butchers and Bradford notoriety. One would hardly have expected this. The comments of the judge on the occasion of the trial should have been sufficient to prevent a license being granted for such a house. I have heard nothing more of the Campbell-street outrage. Has the matter been hushed up? Or was the report a false one? Mr Harcourt will probably be elected as Mayor when the Council meets on Friday. Mr Burgess having filled the office for the usual term of two years with credit to himself and to the city, probably will not seek re-election as Mayor. The honour of an election for the third time has, however, been conferred upon a previous occasion, when Mr George Crisp was appointed Mayor for a third year. We are having glorious weather just now, and the fruit crops, which have been considerably thinned by the recent heavy winds, are looking well. The mussel scale blight is creating some uneasiness amongst fruit growers. Webster and Co. have received from America a supply of the antidote for this pest. Its use is said to be very efficacious, and I trust it will prove so. We have quite enough to con tend against in the codlin moth. The T.S.N. Company having raised the fares again, large numbers who made up their minds to visit the Exhibition have been compelled to give up the idea. How the company could be persuaded to follow such a short-sighted policy is to be wondered at. The company ever courts and invites competition, and it will come some day in a shape that will astonish the directrs. Dec, 6, 