BUSHRANGING IN AUSTRALIA. Under the above title Mr Marcus Clarke con- tributes an article to the current number of the Victorian Review. This is interesting to the general reader, not only from the various bushranging exploits which Mr Clarke has looked up, but also from the conclusions at which he arrives. The article opens with a sketch of the career of the Kelly gang, with which Victorian readers are familiar. The writer then proceeds :— The success of the party, however, induced imitation. A man named Scott, imprisoned for robbing the bank at Egerton, had been re- leased from gaol just when the “ Kelly scare” was at its height. He called himself “ Cap- tain Moonlite,” and attempted to deliver a series of lectures upon the inefficiency of the discipline in Pentridge prison. This scheme failed, and getting three others to join him he “ stuck up” Wantabadgery station, near Gun- dagai, and took away horses, arms and food. He was pursued, however, by the police, and after a hot fight, in which a trooper, Constable Bowen, and two of the gang, Nesbitt and a boy named Wernicke, only 15 years old, were shot dead, was captured, and with his com- panions, sentenced to death in Sydney. As a natural consequence of these occurrences, the attention of the public has been directed towards the condition of society which first created the “ bushranger,” and on all sides one hears stories and reminiscences con- cerning the “ old days” when highway robbery was a matter of common occurrence. Some of these accounts are not only romantic in the extreme, but illustrate, in a most remarkable manner, a phase of artificial society now happily passed away. An most people are aware, New South Wales and Tasmania (then called Van Die- man’s Land), were used for many years as penal settlements, whither the criminals for- merly shut up in English gaols were deported ; if, haply, in a new land, and removed from former associates, they might attempt reform- ation of morals and conduct. In many in- stances the scheme succeeded, but in most cases it failed. Before the eyes of the prisoner was always one prospect— that of liberty. The “bush,” boundless and free, was about and around him, and with many men the history of their term of transporta- tion was but that of a series of escapes and recaptures. Those who evaded pursuit on land banded themselves together, under chosen leaders, and for some time defied the whole force of the colonists, soldiers included, to retake them. Those who were familiar with the sea laid plots to take vessels in harbor, or to seize the convict ships, preferring the risk of wreck or famine to the chain gang and enforced servitude. The first escape was made in 1790, by an “ expiree,” named Bryant, who, with his wife, two children and seven convicts, reached Batavia in a fishing boat. He, one of his children, and two of his companions died there, but the rest were afterwards captured and conveyed to England, where their suffer- ings excited compassion, and they were merely detained in Newgate for the unexpired period of their sentence. Governor Collins, in his “ New South Wales,” relates that forty-four men and nine women attempted to reach China by an overland route, and the greater part absolutely perished in their persistence in this insane enterprise. Soon the increasing traffic gave better chances, and it became the fashion to seize vessels at anchor, secure the crew, and hazard a voyage to the South Seas. The first vessel “ cut out” in this way was the brig Harrington, in 1803. She was loaded with a valuable cargo, and, filled with pro- visions and water, lay in Cockle Bay, with a fair wind blowing right down the harbor. A man named Stewart, formerly a lieutenant in the navy, who with a band of companions had long been waiting for such an opportunity, seized a boat, boarded the vessel, and securing the crew, set sail before anyone in Sydney was aware of her departure. The pirated ship was captured in the Indian Seas by the Grey- hound frigate, and both vessels were lost in a gale off the coast of Lenconia. The most common method, however, of attempting to regain that England whence their offences had banished them, was for convicts at large on leave to secrete themselves in the hold of homeward bound vessels. Many curious tales are related concerning such stowaways. In 1820 a sailor, looking down the hatchway of the Dromedary, when within a few weeks of England, saw “ a spectre walking the deck below who requested a glass of water.” The alarmed man hurried to his mates with the tale, and on a search being made two stowaways were discovered, half dead with thirst and hunger. A less tragic end was that of Morgan, a Welshman, who (in 1824) was detected in a similar hiding-place. He was carried to London and handed over to the police, when he politely thanked the captain of the ship for his cour- tesy. He had served his sentence before he started ! In 1819 the Young Lachlan, the property of Captain Howard, was taken in the Derwent by sixteen prisoners. The vessel was provisioned and the sails ready bent. The crew consisted but of four men. They were easily surprised ; and under cover of night, the prisoners ran the gauntlet of the battery successfully. At day- break the loss was discovered, and the pilot-boat and a schooner, carrying a party of the 40th, gave chase. The sailors were picked up on Bruni Island, but the pirates got clear away to Java, burned the ship in a lonely bay, and for some time succeeded in passing them- selves off as shipwrecked seamen. Eventually they also were captured, and sent back to the colony. In 1825 a fine schooner, named the Eclipse, was seized in Newcastle, in somewhat similar fashion, and nothing more heard of her ; while the Trial, captured in Sydney, was afterwards found a wreck on the coast, having been abandoned by the runaways, who were never caught. The most daring attempt of the kind, however, was that made by a man named Fergusson, in 1829, who took the schooner Cypress in Macquarie Harbor, and succeeded in reaching the Friendly Islands. But to comprehend the story, a little descrip- tion of the place is needed. The settlement of Macquarie Harbor was established in 1821, by Governor Sorrell, as a penal station. It is situated on the west coast of Tasmania, and was regarded as the Ultima Thule of convict civilisation. The scenery was wild and barren. Between the settled dis- tricts and the sea interposed a chain of mountains, never passed by man, while on the coast the westerly winds blew with such fury as to oppose for days the departure of convict ves- sels. There were numberless efforts made to cross the mountains, but none succeeded. The wretches who attempted to explore that awful wilderness left their skeletons in the thorny melaleuca, or returned wild with famine to the prison sheds, begging to be flogged and fed. Only one man succeeded in reaching the settled districts, and he was retaken. His name was Alexander Pierce, a convict of great strength and size. When questioned as to his journey, he displayed the contents of a little bundle, which, together with an axe, he carried on his back. He had murdered and eaten his five companions ! But this is not the place to enlarge upon the horrors of the whole system of penal discipline. I have treated of them elsewhere. Suffice it to say that in Macquarie Harbor, Norfolk Island, and Port Arthur, the three places of secondary punishment in Australia, the lowest depth of human debasement was reached. Men killed themselves to escape the misery of living, and it was not un- common to draw lots as to which one should be murdered by his companions, who thus enjoyed a “ holiday trip” on their way to the gallows. In August, 1829, a vessel named the Cypress was bound from Hobart Town to Macquarie Harbor, She was commanded by Lieu- tenant Carew, and had on board thirty- one prisoners under secondary sentence. Among these was a man, named Fergusson, who had been at “ Hell’s Gates,” as the Har- bour was called, before, and grimly describing the terrors of the place, he urged the prisoners to seize the ship. Stress of weather drove the vessel into Recherche Bay, and while lying there, Carew left the ship to go fishing, taking with him the surgeon, a soldier and a convict. When they returned they found that the prisoners had surprised the sentry, captured the muskets, and were masters of the ship. Mrs. Carew was on board, and Carew, probably fearing for her life, made no effort to regain the vessel. Fergusson then offered to take all the convicts who would go, and twenty two consented. A sailor named Walker was chosen captain, and a favourable breeze having sprung up the Cypress sailed away, leaving Carew, his wife, and companions marooned in the lonely hay. The rations left by the mutineers were scanty, but after much suffering one of the convicts, named Popjoy succeeded in constructing a boat of skins stretched over bent boughs, and in this frail craft the survivors of the party voyaged twenty miles, when they were picked up by a passing vessel. Popjoy, who had been transported when eleven years old for stealing a hare, received a free pardon. The adventures of the mutineers were romantic. They reached Japan, and after many de- sertions and quarrels one Swallow assumed the command. Swallow took the ship to China, and on the way picked up a boat with the name “ Edward ” on the stern, and abandoning the Cypress, embarked his crew in this boat, landing at Canton as shipwrecked sailors. A subscription was raised, and the fellows were sent to England. On the voyage some suspicions arose as to the truth of Swal- low’s story, and the party were brought before the Thames Police Court. A few days before, the unlucky Popjoy, landed by the mercy of the Crown in London, had been caught begging round the docks. He told the story of the mutiny, and was not be- lieved. But the appearance of Swallow and his companions tallied with Popjoy’s description, and the Bench resolved to remand the men. This remand cost three of them their lives. One of those unexpected things which are always happening occurred. Mr Capon, who had been gaoler at Hobart Town, had returned to England on a visit, and had strolled to the police court — congenial spot !— to kill an idle hour. He recognised the men at once. Three were hanged, and the rest sent back to the chain-gang for life. Five years after this, it was resolved that Macquarie Harbor should be abandoned, and a convict-built brig, named the Frederick, was employed to bring the last detachment of prisoners. Mr Taw, the pilot at the settlement, had charge of the ship, and his crew consisted of a shipwright named Hoy, a man named Tate, and ten convicts, under a corporal’s guard. On the 11th of January, 1834, all was in readiness for a start, but in the afternoon the prisoners, headed by one Barker, seized the ship, and put Taw, Hoy, the others ashore, dividing the provisions in the vessel equally. The next day they cleared the bar, and ran for the southward of New Zealand, to be out of the way of shipping. After a dreadful and dangerous voyage of six weeks they sighted land between Chili and Valdivia, and scuttling the brig, embarked in the launch for shore. They found it rocky and barren, but after coasting for six days they came upon an Indian village, and obtained directions for Valdivia, which was distant only a day’s sail. The Governor re- ceived them kindly, and they told the true story of their escape, saying that they “ threw themselves on the mercy of the Chilian Go- vernment.” Their troubles seemed over ; they married and lived pleasantly, being employed in various trades. But by-and-bye a new Go- vernor come, who showed some disposition to give them up to an English gun- brig, and Baker with two companions stole a whale-boat and set off at night to seek their fortune again upon the rough but not un- friendly sea. Whether they were drowned, picked by a foreign vessel or killed by Indians, no one can tell. They were never heard of again. The others were given up to the Blonde frigate, sent to England and subse- quently to Australia, where they were lodged at Port Arthur, the settlement to which their comrades had been conveyed after leaving Macquarie Harbour. Taw and his friends were rescued by a ship sent down from Hobart Town. The most horrible plot ever concocted for the seizure of a vessel was that of Knatchbull. This miscreant had been a captain in the British navy, and like many other scoundrels was well connected. He was trans- ported for stealing a ship’s chronometer, and after a career of the lowest vice and crime in New South Wales, was sentenced to be sent to Norfolk Island for forgery. He had procured by some means that four pounds of arsenic should be put on board in a pillow- case, and he intended to put this secretly into the cook’s galley for the purpose of poisoning the captain and crew. All who survived were to be com- pelled to “ walk the plank,” and the ship was to be taken by the conspirators to America. The scheme, however, was detected and frus- trated. He was finally hanged in Sydney for the murder of a poor widow, named Jamison, whom he killed for the sake of her money, amount- ing to £7. It was discovered after his death that this money was required for the purpose of paying for the board and lodging of a young woman whom he wanted to marry. The facts of the case were made public by the landlady suing the girl, alleging that as Knatchbull “ had been executed the previous Monday,” the lodger was the only person to whom she could look for payment. But these men may be more properly termed pirates. The true “ bushranger” was to be found in the rocky fastnesses of the Upper Shannon, in Tasmania, or the Blue Mountains in New South Wales. From the year 1813 to the year 1833, the two colonies may be said to be in a state of perpetual war with brigand- age. The settler tilled his fields with his pistols in his belt, and smoked his evening pipe with rifle ready to his hand. More than 500 bushrangers were “ out” at one time. The rode about in gangs, they held councils of war, they posted sentries and took oaths of secrecy. They attacked the town gaol, and liberated their companions. They even issued proclamations to the Governor himself. The condition of society, indeed, was singularly favourable to villainy. The Rev Mr West, writing of Hobart Town in the days when Howe, with 80 men, well armed and horsed, under his command, established himself as King of the Ranges, just above the city, says, “ Society as it then existed nourished every species of crime. Tattered promissory notes of small amount and doubtful parentage fluttered about the colony. Plate stolen by bushrangers and burglars was melted down and disposed of. They burnt the implements of husbandry for the iron, they robbed the gibbet of the chains, they even wrenched the plate from the coffin of an opulent merchant, and stripped him of his shroud !” In the year 1812, was landed in Hobart Town from one of the convict ships which were per- petually arriving, a man named Michael Howe, who was sentenced to seven years’ transpor- tation for highway robbery. He was assigned to a storekeeper, Mr Ingles— whose family be- came afterwards favorably known in the colonies ; but the hard life of the the bush-servant did not suit his humor, and he joined the gang of one Whitehead who, with twenty-seven companions, then ravaged the country. The accession of Howe strengthened the band. He was a man of proved courage and daring. When in the docks in London he had attempted to escape by swimming, and during the voyage he rendered valuable assistance in mutiny. Whitehead, so reinforced, determined to signalise himself. He attacked the township of New Norfolk and plundered it. He burnt the house of the Pittwater police magistrate, and affixed to the gate of the burned barn a “ proclamation” defying authority. A man named M’Carthy, who owned asmall schooner lying at New Norfolk, pursued the plunderers, and a desperate encounter took place. A sailor sixty years of age named Worral, transported for life for his share in the mutiny at the Nore, was one of the party, and the fight was fierce. The bushrangers conquered. A settler named Carlisle, and O’Birnie, the master of the schooner, were shot dead, and Whitehead retreated, leaving one of his men, Murphy, on the field, and carrying with him two wounded comrades. A detachment of the 73rd Regiment, however, were sent to scour the country, and M’Carthy’s homestead was garrisoned by a party of the 46th. The bushrangers unwitting of the ambush, attacked the farm, but were beaten off, a shot from Worral killing White- head. Howe, in pursuance of a promise, hacked off his comrade’s head with his knife, and got clear away with it to the moun- tains. The daring of the man now almost surpasses belief. He had his head-quarters about fifteen miles west of Oatlands, in a place yet known as “ Michael Howe’s Marsh.” He instituted there a rude court of justice, and con- stituted himself a sort of king of the mountains. Says Mr. West : “ The tone assumed by this robber was that of an indepen- dent chief, and in the management of his men he attempted the discipline of war. He pro- fessed the piety of the quarterdeck and read to them the Scriptures.” His style and title was Governor of the Range[r]s and he addressed the King’s representative as Governor of the Town. He punished his men with blows and one day when a man fired a blank shot over his head in jest, he tied him hand and foot and blew his brains out. But this state of things could not in any case last long. A regular campaign was commenced against the gang, and one day a party of the 46th, with whom was the indefatigable Worral, stumbled upon a hut on the banks of the Shannon. Concealing themselves they saw aproach two figures. One was a native girl named Mary, and the notorious Howe. The soldiers dashed out, and the pair ran for their lives. At the end of a mile the girl’s strength failed her, and she fell. Howe, measuring his chances, shot her, and plunged into a gully, where pursuit was hopeless. But the black woman was not dead, and incensed at the brutality of her lover she volunteered to lead the soldiers to the camp of the outlaws. After a march of three hours they arrive at some huts at the margin of the river, and were confronted by Geary, Howie’s lieutenant who fired, missed, and made off. A search revealed nothing, when suddenly a wild figure, covered with blood, burst out of the bush and sprang head first from the rock into the river. It was Hillier, the most brutal of the band. The drop was nigh a hundred feet, and all thought him killed, but he rose to the surface and was captured, stunned and bruised. It was then found that the wretch had murdered his two companions, Septon and Collier, and the soldiers made him march into Hobart Town with the two bleeding heads swinging from his neck. Howe surrendered on promise of pardon, and Geary was shot. But the promise was soon broken, and the ruffian, at the head of thirty more men, was again in his old haunts. His band was dispersed, but he evaded pursuit. A reward of 100 guineas, a free pardon, and a passage to England were now offered for the head of the bushranger, and old Worral determined to make a last effort. A lonely man dwelling among the mountains, Howe seems to have lived the victim of a despairing conscience. In his solitary wander- ings he saw visions. Spirits appeared to him and promised him happiness. The ghosts of his victims arose and threatened despair. He kept a journal of his dreams. A journal written in blood on kangaroo skin. At last Worral came up with him and fought him hand to hand. “ I presented my pistol,” says the old sailor, and desired him to stand. He drew forth another but did not level it at me. . . . After a moment’s pause he called out, ‘ Black beard against grey beard for a million !’ and fired. I slapped at him and hit him, but he rallied and was clearing the bank between us, when Pugh (a soldier of the 48th) ran up, knocked him down with the butt of his firelock and beat his brains out just as he was opening his clasp knife to defend him- self.” The plucky old sailor did not go with- out his reward, for the settlers subscribed nearly three times the money given by the Government, and the paper of the day records “ Worral was sent home a free man, with the thanks of the Governor and the public.” (To be continued.) 