VII,— UNDER THE HEAD OK MARRIAGES. The eventful day proved a stormy one. Snow began to fall in the afternoon, and continued steadily into the evening. The lecture hall, however, was well filled, and tbe audience waited patiently for the lec turer. The hour came aud passed, and a general uneasiness began to prevail. Mr. Humphrey, with his daughter, was pre sent in the front seat, and, as usual, made himself as conspicuous as possible, turning slowly about like a wax' figure in a dressmaker's shop window, so as to show himself on all sides. His daughter had rarely been seen with her father, aud, her beauty also attracted attention. Hover ing about the door, not far from them, was a sedate-looking man, with gray curly hair and a pair of gold-bowed spectacles. ' The editor, Benjamin, was standing close j to him, when the manager of the lecture - came forward upon the platform, hat in | hand ; a few boys in the back part of the hall applauded, thinking it was the lee- j turer, but he raised his hand deprecatingly ' and said : ' Ladies and gentlemen, I regret ex ceedingly to inform you that Mr Emerson is detained by the snow-storm, but ^ye have a dispatoh from him, which I will read : ' West Brookville. The train has stopped five minutes for refreshments. Tbe snow continues. I will be with you a half hour late. But it will be half an iiour early, if we choose to call the time for as sembling nine o'clock. Call it so. 'Man is the master of time.' Meanwhile, if the audience would kindly retain' their seats, I think a little patience only will be needed, and, as Mr. Emerson philosophi cally suggests, we can say the lecture begins at nine. The audience applauded good-naturedly. The. elderly gentleman whispered to the editor : . ?'.';? ?', . -; 'Frank; I can't' resist the opportunity to do one more stroke. ': Listen to : me, and when you hear the -yards, 'The'Truej the Good, arid the Beautiful,' lakethat as yqur cue, and .call out old Humphrey, and keep him out at the further ''end' ox the passage.' . And then .raising his voice in a fahetto.tone, ahd'coniihg forward, he lifted- his hand and said, as the manager turned to leave the stage : , ? o r, 'Sir, permit me to ask if I may be al lowed to say a few words. I am an inti mate friend of Mr. Emerson, and' It would give me great pleasure if I might be allowed to occupy these few minutes in a sketch of my friend and his system of philosophy.' The audience began to turn round. The manager smiled. ' By all means, sir. We shall be de lighted to hear you,' and he rubbed his. hands with pleasure for he had gloomy anticipations of the next half hour. 'Come up upon the platform, if you please. Whom shall I introduce V he asked, in a whisper, as the stranger stood by him. 'I'll introdn.ee myself presently,' said he ; and bowing deoorously to the audi ence, he began : 'Ladies and Gentlemen, Friends of Humanity, Disciples of Mr. Emerson, Students of the Oversold, Believers in the1 True, the Good and the Beautiful— I have learned from that creat master to Bee beauty and goodness and truth in the common things of life. The stars in the sky, the periwinkle in the grass, alike have a twinkling beauty: nature seen through the reverse end of the spy-glass is still nature ; turn the glass round, and turn with it, nature is there stilL Mr. . Emerson has made .the truth luminous. He has turned upon it the full glare of : his safety-lamp, and revealed a bright ness hitherto unsnrpassed. No smoked glass stands between him aud the bright sun of truth ; no eclipse is Buffered in the firmament of his knowledge. Nay, not nature alone— I mean vegetable nature is scorched by the burning glass of his speech, where the various rays of hie in tellect meet, but human 'nature also is subjected to the same powerful operation. Here, again, great and small tbingisTRtke pass in review before him. The pjay things of childhood, the work-things of middle age, the glassy spectacles of old age, all find their solution in the mind ol this philosopher. The idle fairy tale of' childhood becomes instinct with a larger meaning, a fuller force, when its beauty is developed by the cunning of the master. tot «« illustrate tW» Point. : '*itr. 'Emerson was born in the year 1603\. In the same year was born that twin philosopher whom we all love to honor. Wei listen in childhood to the tale of 'Jack and the Bean Stalk,' but it is in the vigor of manhood that wo learn to! appreciate the grand Effects of such human wisdom as are wrapped npin Pro fessor Davy Humphrey's Bain -stalk Hair ?Restorer.' ',' The audience, which had been. growing lnore and more restless, at this point broke out in a storm of hissing aud shout ing. Daly stepped back to the rear of the platform, and opeuing a little cupboard door, gave « turn to the key which pro jected from a pipe Tunning through the cupboard.. In a moment the house was pitch- dark. He had turned the gas off. 'Keep quiet— -keep perfectly, quiet,' said thje manager ;* 'we'll have the gas lighted iii a moment. Somebody, catch that rascal ; he'eileft theplatform:' / There was'a Scrambling atjbut -the front of the hall. ~i.~'-*cj?''' : 'I've got him 1'. cried'pne. . . , i'Let go oftfel''''1' '????''? !'pti,'i^t8^,1s-2ai'Be8B!bW!J«Vfd0Ji ;' . and confused couples arrested each other irt every direction. ualy meanwhile Iiid stepri«t IjoicklUr ujr&ltircftoTij.rrpw; . ? ? . ' Now, Capilla,' he whispered, 'give me y6ut hand:1 * iShe gave itito him,' and he led her through- the nearest - door, out of the house, into the street; and into a car riage.'''' A street. lamp shone upon them. She; .^started back, mid gate a little scream. . : ' .' ?. ? : 'Sh V said he j 'it's Jack, himself, not Jack-in-a-box. What a row. they're mak ing in there. . He gave a direction to the coachman, jumped in, shut the door, and begun' to pull off his disguise. 'Didn't you know me V ''.--. 'Never. I never once suspected it was you.' 'All right. Neither did your father, 1 guess ;' and he laughed. Then pulling out a bag from under the seat,' he quickly changed his coat ; and when the carriage stopped again, a young gentleman, well Erotected from the coachman's suspicion y an umbrella drawn close down over his head, led Miss Humphrey irito the par son's house. That same evening Mr. J. Daly called at the office of the Advertiser. He found the editor seated on his Delphic stool, busily engaged in reporting the lecture, ^ith its prelude. : 'Is the column of marriages* and deaths made up,' said be, as he entered. 'Good heavens ! is this the'ghost of uiy friend Mr. Daly that wauts his death put in ? Go away, good ghost ; we. don't in sert them without the endorsement of some responsible party. Why, Jack, the last I heard of you the mob had got you and clapptd you in the lock-up.' 'Poorfellow— suffering for my misdeeds. I wonder who my Doppelganger is. No, everything went off welL The parson was ready, and we're man and wife, aud 1 want my fatber-in-law to get the news the first thing in the morning.' Tbe netice was duly inserted. 'On Wednesday, 5th inst., John Daly to Capilla, only daughter of Professor. Davy Humphrey, inventor and discoverer of the Bean-stalk Hair Restorer. ' No cards.' ' The; professor's anger was short-lived. The young scape-grace had become too important to be discharged, and, besides, the more the great chemist thought it over, the more plainly he saw that he had been relieved of the great perplexity which had long worried him — his daughter.— H arper's MonOdy, 