LOUNGclH. A now way to catch fish is advertised in the London Times. The bait ailed citi ng, ( tlnklng gladwin) Is a seduotive inducsins it f.» whioh all fish, great or small, wary or inn ice. t, cist themselves into tho net. They a mull it fifty yards off — I wonder whether tho angler does the like; for If so, tho m>ttsrhas it- draw back, However, it is evident that Tho chlng'i tho thing With which to capturo mullet, bro-m or ling, and I commend the fuct to tbo n stico of the Anders' Society, if that association is Btill in existence. Of late years the li-h in tho -Salt- water Riyer liayn becoino scarce. Still tlnro must bo a few left; aud so a bait which exer cises its allurements to the extent of fifty yards from its base might ho profitably cmpl >yed towards tho capture of a fall basket of bream or mullet. Tho French nro popularly supposed to be most humans in their treatment of animals, notwithstanding the partiality which their ourgeons entertain for vivisection, But of course there aro always exceptions to rules ; and here is one. I read that tho leeches bretl in tho ponds near Bordeaux arc fed iu a very ingenious, but scarcely kindly fashion. Tna manner is to drive all the old horses that oeu bo got together into those ponds, whore the leeches euck them until tho poor brutes stagger, Theu they aro brought out, allowtd to grazo, in order to renew their old oaraass with the vital Duid, and again roiurusd to their duty. This process is continued until nature gives iu, and relieves tbo noble animals from their ta-ks. Tho whole thing is of a praotical kind ; but it is also very revolting, and I do not wonder that it has stirred one honest English vet to iudiguttion and remon strance. The story altogether reminds of the good cure who was vory poor hut also very hospitable, Ho lropt a pig. It was tho duty oi this pig to eupply his guests with black puddings. It was obvious that to kill tho pig would he to kill the gnoso that hid tho golden eggs J and so the good cure d servant used to bleed porous whenever visitors called unexpectedly, aud convert his blood into appetising paddings. But experience teaches even pigs, Tne grunter became wise iu his generation, so that he kept eyes and.ears open, for tho advont of the cure's gue3ts, Wheu lie sawn stranger approaching, ho would at once take a walk iu some sequestered glade. If he heard4ho frout door bell ring, ho would holt incontinently into the forest. Tho pig becamo victorious. Ho was superior to every art and dalnsion ; so that the good man his muster, rocoguiaing au intelligence in the animal which was perhaps superior to his own, devised some other method by which to fill his larder. Tiieso poor horses, however, had not the art of tho pig. Pnrhep3 indeed, a succession of letch bleeding, added to a weight of years, took all tho energy out of them, The Americans havo a genius for combining tha sentimental with the praoticnl. In a telegram to the Alta California, from Now Haven, under date 20th Juuo,wo are informed that "President Hayes, his wife and hi- son Rutherford, arrived to-day, and wero driven to tho residence of Thomas K. Trow bridpe. Tho President will attend divine service at Centre church to-morrow, whan thu Rav Dr Baoon will deliver tho adcirea>, On Monday ho will visit tho graves of his ances tors in tho crypt under tho church, visit their homestead at Brantford, and attend tho Yale- Harvard baseb dl game." Now, it is only your great man who can iuduigo iu emotion at tho one moment, to throw it aside tha next, iu order to enjoy his haunch of mutton and '43 claret. Ex-president Hayes is ot this urder. Ob.-ervc,— he visits tho graves of his at cestors in tlis morning, their " homsstsad" at noon, and subsequently attends a base ball match in the afternoon. Somebody says that a Bubtle affinity connects all things. If so, it were consistent tnough that a man who visited the graves of his ancestors at half-past nine o'clock iu the morning, and gave way to the emotions such an event could not bub excite uutil luncheon hour, should find him-eif in excellent format half-past two, to altuid a game at base ball iu tho afternoon. F»r myself, I own that, after a visit to the graves of my ancestors— pro-supposing that I had any, or, haviog any, that their resting places wero discoverable — I think I should prefer a quiet chop and meditation, and to lix up in my mind what sort of ancirnts my ancestors were. Or hapiy, I'd pay n visit to tho thcutre to witness tho per formance of n play in which the chief charac ters were ghosts. But, as I havo said, this combination of poetic sentiment with the genius which evolved woudeu nutmegs and glycerine oats, is a gift that our American cousins possess above all men. Tho fact is illus trated in the following etory which, by the way, comcB from America : — A girl runs to her brother, who is milking a cow. "Oh,Hezekiali," eho sobs, "moth — moth— mother's dead." Ha paused in his work for a moment, to wipe away a tear. Then I10 remarked, " Grnshus ; pour olo gal, Is breakfast ready ?" He' was another President Hayes. Madmen nro sometimes impressed with queer ideas, as wo nil know, when we follow the.phrenologist'sadviao, "Know thyself. "But, of all queer ideas, commend me to that which provailed in Mr Nowell'a tniad. Mr Nowdll was n well-to-do man in Chicago, He got hold of a notion' that the most buoyaut of all things was load ; aud he ac cordingly set to work to invent n lift. bell, of that materlnl, In order to give practical effect to his views, ho took passigo iu a steamer sccosb tho hike, loaviug a letter for hi3 wife informing her of the purpose of hi- expedition, Wheu in deep water Mr Nowell undressed himself — evidently inspired by the precaution to have dry clothes to wear when ho came out — fixed his life-bolt around his body, and jumpod into tbo water. It may not surprise nry readers if I inform them that Mr Newell immediately sank to tha bot tom. The experiment was a failure ; and tho old-fnshioned notion that a pound weight of feathers is equal to a pound weight of lead, — ao far as relates to their relative 11 rating capacities at any rate, — was put to the rout. I wonder what thought ouiuo swiftly to this poor lunatic, as he sank. Did ho realise then his madness? If ho had time to do ea, I daro Bay he ohuokled to think what nn ass ho had been, But indcod there are many of us who oarry oar life belts of lead, who might, wero we wise enough, substitute a more buoyant material. But this is obecure moral philosophy, aud should have no plaoo here. Macaulay tells us that, in Charles tbo Second's time, your swag bellied Hol lander was nothing, in respeot to his potations, to the English, The genius for tho pet anil bottle still flaps his hideous wings over the nation — (by tho way that aentenoo Ishould eervo our Good Toinpler friends). Any way, John Bull's children swallow a frightful quantity of alcrbnlio "nutriment. Here you ere for tho year 187G, and I havo no oloser records. Iu that year, sir, a population of some thirty-three millions (less a small minority of water drinkers, and thoreforo tho greater proportion to each tippler) swallowed nn leBB than 2U.950.2S8 gallons of British spirits — (ugh !)— valued at L20, 050,233, Of foreign spirits they gulped down 11,137,703 gnllcns, valued at L13,75,3G1, Of wine (sensible people) they got rid of 18,G00,81G gallons, worth Llii.77 1 7G1. Of beer (wisdom rests on tho people 1) nn amount worth L85,00S,3oG was moaoured off to your Britisher ; nud British wines, older, perry, and other mysterious stomach ticklers to tho value of Ll,730,000 wero di-pensed, Gentlemen, you who lovo your glass — the total value of these refreshments for tho British people amounted to Ll-17, 288, 759— about L4 -Is per head. Now this is encouraging- Yet there arc people— one Hojda for example,, but no rotation to th(i_ whist man, you bet— who would havo us believe that this is waslc of wealth. PrepostornuG. A board haviug decided that tnrring metal when it is laid down »l a trilling vxpeuso binds it muoh hotter than tbo old process, tho use of far is discontinued. lipp-'i Oosoa.— Umtoful nml Comforting— " By thorough knowledge -4 the natural laws which govern tho operations ot digoitln.i ami nutrition, and by a careful application of the duo proporflup >if wol Boloctod cocoa, Mr Epps has provldod our breakfa-n tables with n dolicatoly Havered bovorage which may stive us many hoavy doctors' bills. It Is by tho Judicious uso of such articles of dlot that a constitu tion may bo gradually butlt up until strong onouglr to resist ovcry towlcncy to diseoso. Hundreds of Bubtlo maladies aro floating around us ready to attach wherever tlioro is a woak point. Wo may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortlfloil with puro blood and a properly nourished frumo."— Civil Borvlco Gozotto. — Bold In Paokots labolled— James Eppa and Co., Domteopathlo Ohomlrts, Lou- aon 