, §tffoM A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BT MBS. E. D. £« N . SOUTHWOBTH, Author of 'The Hidden Hand,*' 'The Deserted Wife,' ' Self-Made,' &c.;, &c.; (CHAPTER XXX -.Continued.) ' That is s very great disappointment to tt«, my lord ! A year i^Rjlong timo to wait !*' replied the young mas, witn a crestfallen look. -? You may just possibly not have to wt.it ?o long, my dear boy ! I said tt the bagia Blag that this marriage could rot be solem nised for some time yet, except in case of a ?trtflln eveut. That event may come .'o hasten your marriage, and justifying tl-.e hatte by making it absolutely necessary,' Mid the earl. ' Ah I and that potefbie event, my lord f what U itT' exclaimed the youug man, stgerly seizing on the onauoe. ?' ily death,*' gravely replied the ear). Brandon Coyle started slightly and then bowed with deep solemnity and waited silently for the next words of the ear', who resumed the enbjcot in a more cb.-erful tone. ' I have reached an age seldom attained by man, being now nearly eighty-six years old. Since the loss of my conntess I Lave found the infirmities of my four-score acd five years pressing very heavily upon me. I cannot expect and do cot desire to live hire longer. My cole remaining tio to this life is my young granddaughter. I should not like to go and leave her unprotected ; if, there fore, I should feel the approach of tLe change ftt any lime between this and the eud of the year of mourning, I sbonld have tie marriage ceremony performed between yous felf and my child, in order to secure her legal protection and domestic happiness nt the same time. Tea, it there were oppor tunity I sbonld have tbe service performed even at my bedeitle, rather than go and leave my girl without that fcst protection she could have,' added tbe old earl, earnestly. Again Btandon Coyle bowed with tbe deepest solemnity, saying, with well-imitated emotion : *' Heaven forbid, my dear lord, that our marriage should be advanced by any each calamity I' ' Tbank you, my boy ; but where would bo the calfttnity ? The death of tbe old man, fall of years and infirmities, is but the birth o! the new man into new life and youth and strength. Ah 1 you are young, with tl;e warm earth-life sketching far out before yon, an-l need not to think of these thinrs tbat are each a comfort to us who are so near the end of our pilgrimage. But to return. Should I find death drawing near. I eholl I bave you and Arielle married before I I depart ; but should death come too suddenly I upon me, as it does upon the aged eome ? times, why, then you will find among my I papers a letter which I shall prepare to-day, I addressed to yourself and my granddaughter, ? expressive of my wish that your marriage I take place immediately, even before my I mortal remains shall be consigned to the ? family vault, so that my dear ofaild shall not I lack your lawfal protection for a day.' ? ?' Oh, my dear lord, I hope, I truBt, I pray, I that no such dire necessity may ever arrive. ? Much as I long to poBsesB my Arielle, I ? should, with all my soul, deprecate such an I irremediable misfortune as your loss would I be to us. I would rather wait one year — I t$H years— yes, any number of years, than I advance our marriage at the cost of I such a sorrow,' earnestly exclaimed the ? hypocrite. I * I believe you, my boy ! I quite believe I yon! But do sot be alarmed. I am only ? telling you what I should like to bave you I and Arielle do in case of my death; but I I really think I shall hold out for a year I longer, and be able to see you and my ? granddaughter married at theend of it, amid «estmne8 ana rejoicings zaaz en&u; oe re membered here for many years,' said the old earl, cheerfully. ' I quite hope and believe tbe same,' eaid Brandon Coyle, with every show of sincerity, M he arose to take leave. But the carl would on no account let him ' Youmust stay and dine with me to-day. I know you have no pressing engagements elsewhere,*' he said. .. 'No, none, certainly, my lord,' answered the young man, resuming his seat and submitting to his fate with the best grace OSQOUIU. Brandon Ooyle spent, perhaps, thedulleafc day that he had ever passed in his life, and as soon after dinner as decency would per mit, he ordered his dog-cart, and took leave of bis host. ' The miserable old dotard,' he said to hjm^lf, M ho guided his horse carefully down tine ateep towards the beach, ' to insist on putting off our marriage for a whole year merely for the sake of the pomp and pageantry that cannot attend it during thia period of mourning for the old counts 3. And within this year it is next to a cer tainty tbat Valaunir jmsobiwj wm «?** discovered the truth in regard to that old tragedy, and returned here to confound all my plans. What would my mere betrothal \ amount to before such revelations m he . would wake f . , 'Nothing! I should be thrown aside with the utmost contumely, and Arielle I would marry Desparde; for it is evident gut aha loves Aw* and not me. 'If we were married then I should be secure and I could defy them all, for they must refrain from injuring the husband of lady Arti;.t\p 'But tbe old man says that we cannot be married within a year, unless a certain event should occur which would justify a private ceremony — and that event his death; ' If he should be in imminent danger of death, or if he should die suddenly, then we are tobe immediately and quietly united, so that Lady Arielle may not be left without a legal protector. 'Hum-m-m! Whydoesn't the old imbe cile die ? He has lived too long already I Why shouldn't he die, soon and sud denly?' And here the dark face of the man grew darker under the shadow of the fiend that breathed into his spirit the temptation to an awful crime. CHAPTEB XXXI. 'TOE BIBD'S SESt' A little. Itnvly, hidden home it was, Down in lane, close by a f orentfa aide, Far from resort of people that did pass In travel to and fro. — Spkvskb. And she, with light and busy foot astir, In her small housewifery, the blithest bird That ever trailded nest. — Axox. ' The Bird's Nest.' Tbat was the came ot the tiny, pretty cottage where little mam mom and her babies found a refuge. It. was situated in Ohurch-lane — a long, -?reen, heavily shaded, deeply secluded lane, tbat lay between the thickly- wooded rectory grounds on the left side and the tangled forest on sue right. A high green hedge on each side of the lane inclosed it, and tall trees, with their top bronobeB meeting overhead, threw it into deep shade even at noonday. Tbis thoroughfare was so unfrequented that the ground was covered with grass* and gemmed with field flowers, almost obliterat ing the narrow footpath that ran along tbe middle of the way. ' The Nest,' ae the cottage was called for brevity, etood about half-way down the lane, in a little clearing of the forest, directly op posite the back hedge of tbe rectory grounds. It belonged to the estate of the baohelor squire, Honeythorn, who was an absentee on the Continent. It had once been the resi dence of his gamekeeper, bnt it bad been un tcnanted for many years — in fact, ever since the Dew park lodge bad been built in a more convenient quarter of the estate for the pre servation of the game. Often, in her solitary walks, Net bad passed nlong this way, and paused at the rustic gate in tbe hedge that separated the cottage gar den from the lane, and leaning over its low bare, Lad gazod at the sequestered and do sorted cot with a sort of prophetic interest. She cover dreamed that it would baher own home ; but ebe thought it would form a peaceful and pleasant dwelling-place for some humble family who ought to be in it, and ^beretore it was a pity it should be empty, iike a form of life waiting for life. The pretty cot was indeed an object to attract the attention of any chance passenger of that lonely lane. It stood within a little, thickly-shrubbed iMiwlan 1 visilnanH in a Vfirrri /rrAAn hAnnvi QYt/1 surrounded on. three sides by the forest, and bounded in front by the lane. It was a small, substantial stone building of one story and a half, with a steep roof, having1 two wide dormer windows in front, and two high, chimneys in the gable ends. The lower edge of the roof projected far over the front, forming the shed of the porch that extended the whole breadth, of the house. There was a broad, low door in the middle, with one broad, low, latticed window on each side. The whole building was completely covered with ivy, which had crept up every wall, around every door and window frame, over the steep roof, and around the tall chimney, until the cottage looked like an edifice of evergreen. Around the posts that supported the roof of the porch also the climbing roses, the honeysuckles, the clematis and laburnum had grown so thickly and lii-*-ii»n'j*i+lTr fKot- flioir TnaUt* n «rww»Ti -nrsill hpfn7*A the seats on the porch. The front door, standing, as we said, be tween the two low, latticed front windows, opened into a narrow passage running through the house to a back door leading to the poultry yard and cow-shed. On the right band was a small door lead ing into the cottage parlour, behind which was the kitchen, from which a little narrow staircase ascended to the rooms in the roof above On the left hand of the passage was another door leading into a large apartment running from the front to the back of the house, and filling as much space as both the kitchen and the parlour together on the opposite Bide of the passage. Net had determined to take this house, not only because she bad always fancied it, but because it was in such close proximity to the old rectory grounds, the home and haunt of her childhood and youth. It was a fine day in October, when, having obtained the key from Squire Honeythorn's bailiff, 8he went, with all her following — that is, with the two children, and Kit and Peter Ken — to inspect the in terior of the house. As she unlocked the gate leading into the old, neglected garden, where flowers and weeds were growing together in all the rank luxuriance of untrained nature, the children were wild with delight, as children nv*A af avovh nvnanaftf r\f /-fian(r£l airori tV/VIYI a handsome house to a bumble one. Kit was eilent and moody, as she had lately been, and Peter was talkative, critical, and suggestive, as became one who expected to be promoted to the post of major-domo in the new household about to be formed. ' Tell yo wot, Mistress Net, mum, there be wurruk tor m- in this here garden. Oi wud no wunder it took me a month to root oob all they v/eede, and twenty barrow loads on 'em to burn as wad mak a bon foire moight be sen from Montjoie itsen!' he said, looking at the tangle, where even the purple heather Snd the golden gorse strove with thistle and dock to crowd out the roses, the marigolds, and the dahlias. ' Tea, you'll have work, Peter,' assented the little mistress, with a smile. 'Oi'm thinking Oi'll begin at wunst wi' rootirg on 'em oot, Mistress Net, mum,' he added. ' No, Peler, not yet,' eaid Net, her weak, tender lieart feeling some pity even for the golden gorse and its bumble companions that they should all be stigmatised as weeds and condemned to be cut down in their bloom. ' Whoy not yet, MiBtreBS Net, mum, afore their BeedB roipeu?' aeked the practical Peter. \-- I—I— they look so full of life now I hate to havo them killed, even if they arc weeds. Leave them until they die and dry up. Then __.** «hm« jinft iviavM i)nion ATI-? llHTf! til PHI * YU14 U*«*Jr v*a.w www*** www** »?»-? ??— — — — — — - ^- 'After they hev been and gone and dropped their seeds all over the ground to fetch a fresh crap o' weedB next spiing, Mis tress Net, mum 1 Tbet'll be foine garden ing !' ' Never mind, P-ster, leave them until they are dead.' ' Just as yo eay, Mistress Net, mum 1 To be the maister here. Mistress Net, mum.' The only new dignity little mammam's man-servant thought it necessary to confer upon her since he had heard of her marriage, was the additional title of 'mum.' He had been accustomed to call her 'Mistress Net.** Mow ho oaUed her ' Mistress Net, mum.' WbiU they hai been rpwdring Net hxi been etraggiisg to turn the rusty bey ia tbe rosty lock of the frock door; but it had xssisfei all her effects, and now she gave way to Peter, who took hold with all his might, aod after a gnat effort on his part, and a grating aifandc on the vey*s part, he rocceodsd in taming tbe lor ;: and opening the door. Tt»e overpowering rush of confined air met them at onee from the long dosed house. *' Oo back, ehfldren— go baek at onee until we have opened all the doors and windows. There, gz piek up tba rosy apples under that treo until 1 call you,' said Net, batttty torn, tng her little ehargers away from the thres hold. They ran off, very willing to pick np rosy apples. Meanwhile Peter had walked down the passage and set the back door wide open for a carrent cf fresh air to pass through tbe house, and Sit had opened the right-hand door leading into the parlour, and the lattice window tiiat lighted it. 'You must kindle fires to-day in every chimney to dry off this damp, musty atmoa phere,' said Net to her man-servant, as cho followed him into the long room on the left of the passage, whibh he next proceeded to open. ' Yes, Mistress Net, mum ; but mayhap as yor baarrt'a too tinder and pitiful to let yo molest the swallows* nests wot's a choking oop this here ehimbly — though the swallows have flowed away months agone/'said Pater, with a little latent sarcasm in his mind, though with perfect respect in bis manner, as he took hit red head in from looking up the chimney. ' Not if the birds have flown, Peter. _ lam triaA £Iia« itaiavA -!.-»—?» T «tiA«i1/l «inf Illra fcj\ f5*»*a wtyv «**«*? Ukinu* Jb duviuu uvr* m»v v«* bave disturbed them in their nests,' replied Net, very simply. After inspecting this long room, which had broad, low, lattice windows at the front and at the back, and a fireplace in the gable end, flanked by two beaufete, Net went out in the passage and crossed over to the little front parlour, which had a broad lattice window in the front, and a fireplace in the angle of the corner, betw een the side wall and the partition wall dividing it from the back kitchen. In the opposite angle, between the kitchen wail and the passage wall, was a corner cup board. Half-way between the cupboard and the fireplace was the door leading into the kitchen; Net went into this and found a com modious room, with a fireplace in the angle of the corner adjoining the parlour fireplace — both were, in fact, parts of the same gable end chimney. There was also a back door leading into the poultry-yardand cow-shed, and there was a broad, latticed back window, and in the angle of the room between the end and tbe back there was a staircase leading up 10 tne mue oearooms in the roof. Net ascended these steep stairs and found herself in a narrow passage from which opened four little chambers under the sloping roof, each of which was lighted with a dormer window. ' Not one of these ia large enough for me and my children to sleep in together/' said Net, after her inspestion was over. Then she returned downstairs and soon decided on a bed-chamber for herself and her babies — the long room on the left-hand side of the passage. ? ' Then Mistres3 Net, mum, yo mun gie me some money to buy lime and a whoite wash brush. Oi man wlioitewasb. theEe walls. They be weather-stained a soight to see,' said Peter, as he stood with, bis hands in his pockets, staring around at the streaked and spattered plastering. 'Very well, you may go and attend to that now,' said the young mistress, as she opened her purse and gave the boy two half-crown pieces. And after a few more orders, little mam mam took the two children, with their aprons full of rosy apples, and returned to the rectory, leaving Kit and Peter to clean and air the cottage. It may be remembered that the greater part of the furniture in tbe rectory was tbe personal property of the late rector, and at tbe auction had been bought in by iriends and neighbours for the use of bis step daughter and her wards, his own orphan children. This furniture was more than sufficient to fit up tbe cottage in the most comfortable manner, leaving a residue of chairs, tables, bedding and kitchen utensils, that Net could not use. And here came a minor temptation to the girL These articles were all familiar from her childhood, and dear to her heart, as having been used by her beloved mother and step-father, and eke was tempted to store them all away in one 01 tiie little attic rooms of the cottage, where they might be closely packed ; but when she tiiought of tbe poor, bare huts oi the labouring class around her, she could not let these things moulder away uselessly. ' If they do seeui so eacred to me, they should all the sooner be consecrated to good uses. I must give ali this furniture to the people who need it most,' she said to herself. This resolution suggested another — to unpack the boxes where tbe late rector's clothing bad been laid away in camphor, and to distribute the flannels and warm socks to the aged poor men of the village, and to give his suit of black broadcloth to the sexton, whose Snnday clothes had long been very shabby, and now showed signs of breaking oat at elbows and knees. Net made all these distributions with a cheerful heart, and received her reward in the happiness she created. This exhausted her surplus store of goods. She had no more to give. Her mother's and her step-mother's stock of clothing had long been used up by the economical Net, who had made them over for the children or herself, and thus spared her step-father's scanty purse. In juat two weeks from the day on which it was first opened, the cottage in the lane had been thoroughly ventilated, cleaned, furnished, and decorated for the reception of the new little family. It was on the afternoon of the thirty first of October that Net, having eeen every fire in the rectory put out, and every door and window fastened, bade good-Dye to the dear home ot her childhood, and taking little Luke and Ella by the hand, went forth to their new habitation. She took a short-cut through the shrub bery, thence through the church-yard out upon the turnpike ne*r the entrance of Church-lane. When they reached this spot, with its tall treea meeting overhead, making a vista like a cathedral aisle as far as the eye could see, the children ran .wild with delight. A.\t UUQ1U UJ.13 AUOOJ US. IJU&AAg; IVUIV AU U1DV little ivy-covered, vine- wreathed cottage in the green and shady lane was perfectly enchanting. It was lite playing at house keeping, in the most delightful manner, with little inamman for a playmate. It was like a fairy tale also, and they half expected to see ' the little old woman,' or ' the beautiful lady' who turns out to be the fairy queen at but. They ran on before Net, jumping and skipping, and they reached the gate of the cottage some minutes before she did. She found them there waiting for her. Toe sub had jnrt set; hot tbe file-light and the lamp-light from the cottage, parlour. and kitebtai fjeuMd out from the front and baak windows, ffiekering and gHmmering through the atill green foliage around tbe bunding. 'We jot here before you, mammam! O'o, As is dust dolly!' exclaimed take, swinging on the gate. 'Dan dolly!' echoed his twin- suier. Net smiled at the children, unfastened the gate, and led them into the garden and thettC9 through the vine-eovered porch and into tbe bouse, tbe front door of which was left wide open to receive her and her little companions. Tbe oottage presented a very different aspect now to what it did when we first saw i*. The narrow passage waL's were white washed, the . doors fresaly punted, and the floor was covered with a- soft, dark green carpet. Net opened the door on the left leading into the long room she had fitted up for the sleeping apartment of herseif and the children, from whom she was never sepa rated. Here tbe children found the red esrpet, white curtains, and rosewood chamber set, with which they had been familiar all their little lives, and to find them in this new, strange place was a fresh delight. Net took off her own hat and wraps and the children's, and put them all carefully away in the wardrobe, and then led the little ones aeroea the passage to the parlour, tbat looked bright and .cheerful with its red carpet, white curtains, white walls, gay chintz-covered sofa and chairs, neat tea table set in the middle of the floor, and blazing little wood -fire in the fireplace across the corner. ' Oh-h-h!' exclaimed both children in a breath, running towards the corner fire to admire the bright brass fender and fire irons. ' And zat's daddy !' cried Luke, pointing to a portrait of the minister that hung in its black walnut frame over the mantel-piece, between a pair of three-pronged wax candle sticks. A grateful smell of tea and baking cakes and toasting muffins came in from the open door of the warm, bright kitchen, and enticed the children thither, where they found Kit busy over the tiniest kitchen range that had ever been setup in a small home. 'And hoo do yo loike the new home ?' questioned Kit, turning a muffin on her toasting fork. ' Oh, it's dust dolly !' cried Luke. ' Dust dolly!' echoed Ella, for their vocabulary was not very extensive. And then they went to the narrow dcor leading. to the attic, and, with the ever present exploring instinct of children and small dogs, they opened it and began to climb the stairs, and soon their heels were heard clattering over the floors above. Then, .indeed, they hurried into the parlour, climbed up into their high chairs, and were pushed up to their places on the right and left of their little mammam. *r Do Vrt mninr) nrnf ?nniorVit. thin nrull Vio Mistress Net ?' inquired Kit, as she waited on the children. 'I know it is the last of October — the thirty-first,' replied Net. ' Ay, thot wull be it.' ' But what of it, Kit ?' 'It wull be Hallow-E'en noight, of all the noighte in the year.' ' Yes — believe it is ; but what of that, Kit?' 1 ' Wot of thot ? Whoy, MistresB Net, if there be a ghawst in this awld hoose, we'll all fain to see it to-night 1' said the girl, in a low, fearful tone, as she glanced over her shoulder. ' Oh, Kit, what nonsense ! A ghost, indeed! You know there are no sucb things,' replied Net. ''Deed, then, I knaw nothing aboot it ! But if there be a ghawst in this same hoose, we're fain to see it to-noight.' 'Kit, I will not have you say such foolish things 'before the children,' said Net, with all the sternness she could assume. 'You Rhmild Irnmw th*.t there are no ghosts.' ' No, dere are so ghose,' added Lake, putting a spoonful of milk and bread into his mouth. ' No ghose,' eohoed Ella, with her words half smothered in muffin. ' Varry well, jthen, yo'll see before mom ing.' ' Nonsense, I say ; but really if you are afraid to sleep upstairs by yourself, Kit, you had better make up a little bed in onr room, which is so large and well ventilated that two grown parsons and two children may easily sleep in it without detriment to health. rnfl. Kit ?arm mn.tr alonn t.Viorn amn nit? lit if you wish ; you have only to make your bed in the evening and take it away iu the morning.' ' Thank yo kindly, Mistress Net, bat Oi prefar to sleep in m' own place ; and Oi'm not so timid. Oi've got a horse-shoe. That '11 keep the ghawsts away frooru me.' 'I wish Peter could stay with you at night as well as day. He could have a comfortable room next to yours in the garret.' ' Wull, yo see, Mistress Net, he cannot. He'll coom and wurruk for yo oil day long, but at noight he is fain to stay with the mither, while the feyther is oot wi' his boot, spearing sawmon.' ' I know, and I am eorry,' said Net, as she left the table. 'Mammam, may wese tay up dis one night 'ittle w'ile ?' coaxed Luke. ' Tay up -a 'ittle w'ile?' echoed Ella, as they both, came to Net where she was sitting and laid, there chubby hands in her lap. 'Yes, my darlings. As this is the first night in the new home you may stay up an hour longer than usual,' answered Net, to the great gratification of the children. Kit cleared oft the parlor table and carried the tea service into the adjoining kitchen, where she set another table for herself and Peter, who had just come in from bringing1 the cow from the rectory barn-yard and housing her in the cottage shed. CHAPTER XXXII. A NIGHT ALARM. Injthe dead waste and middle of the night. — ISHAKSrEAEE. Aghast she walked, snd starting from her bed, Cold sweat, in clammy drops, her limbs o'erepread. — Ubidkk. Net lighted her evening lamp and. let down the parlour curtains. Then she took Goldsmith's Natural History, with its coloured pictures of birds, beasts, and fishes, and opened it on the rug before the fire, bo that the two children might; sit down there and look at the pictures together. Finally Net took her knitting and sat down by the fire to work; for this old fashionea little housewife knitted all the stockings for the children and herself. Soon a dispute arose on the rug. (To be continued. J 