IN WANT OF A GRIEVANCE. The Reform League Is suffering severely from the want of a grievance, Folks are all happy and smiling. Constitutional Reform has not been accomplished, although the agitators declared for three years that without it nothing but perdition awaited us. The plebieoite, which wob to be a panacea for all political oomplaints, is now never heard of, and the crushing out of the Council is not spoken of as the aim arid end of an Intelligent democrnoy. With returning prosperity, fine weather, bright prospects of a good harvest and fair wages, tho political agitation of years past has died ont ; or if it 1b not wholly dead, it is deaayed and moribund. In this mournful omergenoy the Reform League has trotted out a new ghost, It has produced a fresh lever with whioh to raise the' masses against tho " burning tyranny under which they groan." " Plural voting" is now tho object of tho democratic iconoolasts. Of aoureo wo shall now bavo deluges of denunciation and any quantity of platform declamation to prove tho Iniquity of a-sohomo of voting whiah some- bow has given satisfaction for a quarter of a century, Tho whole of the intended warfare is against a theory, and in fighting theories we have lost years of publio time, and then sat down oomfortably allowing them to go on undisturbed and untouched. We do not want the plebieoite to.day or tho famous 6th clause; and even Mr Berry appasr to think we oan get on very well without bothering our heads about Constitu tional Reform, The now agitation against plural voting Is just suoh another political ohlmera of which the Reform Lesgaa is exotting its members to go in pur suit. A short time hence it will bo as much forgotten as -the notorious plsbisaite. If our Parliament and our political readetBWOuld only turn their attention to praotical legislation, in stead of setting up idols to be worshipped for a short time and then deposod, wo should all get along more comfortably and possibly more happily. In another aolamn we give the opinion of i Ills Grace the Duke of Manchester on our land polioy, - The Duke's views will, we feel eure, be read' with iutorest, even by those who do not agree with them. Now that sporting matters are for tho nonco in the ascendant we give as our Celebrity . Fred Archer, the well-known English jookey. The case of Fornarich v tho Victoria Sugar Company, which was set down for trial on Wednesday in the Supreme Court, by a special jury of twelve, was an notion for negli gence against the company, whereby the plaintiff, while in their employ, was iDjured whilst unloading sugar. As there were some legal points involved the causa was aottlod, the plaintiff agreeing to withdraw tho reoord, the defendants paying him L20 asdnntgrs and Supreme Court coats of the action upon tho low£r scale. TTr Billing, Q.C., has ceased to act as one oi the! itanding counsel for thejOcowo, in whioh cn/jcity ho has noted, in conjunction with Mr ,T , and of late with Mr C. A, Smyth, S many yoars past, Tho Government t y propose to distribute soma, of .ie Government briefs amongst the mom- ers of the bar, and in a ease of Russell v. tho \ oard of Laud nnd Work ), which was tried ia 1 , e Supreme Court yesterday, Mr Hartley Williams, in conjunction with Mr Box, appeared for the Board, Another one of the King street gang of larrikins for whom warrants wero is sued for assaulting a man named G sorgo Council, in King street, on the night of of the 23rd ult, was arrested last night, Ho will be brought up for trial on Wed nesday next injj company with somo others already in gaol. At the time of our going to press, the bowling match between New South Wales nnd Victoria was being played on the Melbourne green at Windsor, which was- in splendid condition. Mr Montgomery's bond waB in attendance, nnd a large number of persons wero congregated nn too green, The match comma ced nt half- past 2, nnd was to be continued until 5 o'olock, when the team securing (be iorgest number of points would have won the match. Last oveuing the two teams were entertained nt Mr M. Muss's residence, corner of Clarendon and Albert street, East Melbourne, where n sumptuous repast was provided, nnd the company present, number ing upwards of SO, enjoyed themselves. Tne u'-ual tonstB wore drunk in the customary manner, The fallowing cases were admitted to the Alfred Hospital yesterday Annie O'Donald, aged 10 years, of South Yarra, suffering from n cut on the hand, accidentally in- dieted with a knife ; Alfred Hayes, of Richmond, aged 35, hoase decorator, Buffering from broken ribs nnd severe inter nal injuries caused by falling between 1 1« carriages and the platform on the Richmond station while the train was in motion. A somewhat novel method of endeavoring to evade the deteotion of stolen bank notes was brought to light by Detective Dowdeu on Wednesday last. A man, named William Gieeson, came to Melbourne from Now South Wales via Deniliquin, in company with another man, named Hall, who whilst at the latter place was robbed of two ten-pound notes, whioh he had in his possession, Gieeson was eueppcted of the theft, and was arrested by the police at Ecbuco, but no trace of the stolen property could be found. Subsequently it transpired that a letter onntaing mouoy had been posted to Melbourne addressed to Mr Joseph Thompson, Post Ottice, Melbourne, and Dstectve Dowden, alter keeping watch nt the delivery window, noticed Gieeson apply for tho letter.- He waB arrested, and npon heing e.arohed it tranBpiijed thot the Utter, containing two ten- pound notes, had evidently heen written by the prisoner himself. The a worn testimony of Hall was forwarded to Melbourne by the police at Echucu, and Gieeson will ho taken back to Deniliquin, to be tried for the robbery of the money. The woman Fox, who was arrested last week at Richmond, in company with the notorious burglar Clarke, was again brought up to-dny at the Collingwood Police C urt, ond was further remanded for a week. Up to the present ten persons have identified some of the goods found on tho premises of Clarke as having been stolen from them. A son of Mr E. Stone, of Yarraville, killed a large aarpet snake at that plxoa on Tuesday Inst, It was the first that had been Been in the district this season. A small tenement belonging to a platelayer named Croke, at Iltawarra street, Williams- towo, was destroyed by fire early this morn ing. The plaee was nnoccupied, and no clue can be obtained asjto how the fire ocourred. Another robbery of money from the Mel bourne Omnibus Company formed the aubj-ct of a prosecution of a man named Evan Ed wards, at the City Police Court, this morning. The prisoner waB in the employ of the com- pmy SB clerk, and it was portion of bis duty to take charge of money entrusted to the drivers for the purpose of giving change. On the 23rd July last he received L77 10s for this purpose, and in the evening of the same day his occonnt was found to bs L8 short. Ho was charged with having stolon the money, and confessed to the crime, stating in expla nation that he bad lent the money to a friend who was in difficulties. He was asked to make good the deficiency, oad promised he wonl l;but instead of doing so he left for Deniliquin, at which place he wob arrosted. He was sent to gaol for three months. Tho Emperor of Austria reoeutly made an excursion from Czernowitz to Kadantz, where ho visited the stud, the 1 >rgest in Austria. One thousand four hundred and forty-nine horses were brought in from all the farms aad paBtare- grounds. They were of different breeds, chiefly Ebglish and thoroughbred, The' man George Harrington, who was arrested by Detective Nixon last night on a obarge of stealing two brooches and a pair of earrings, was remanded to tbe Emerald Hill Pollae Court by the City Bonob this morniag. tbe articles having been stolon from an hotel at that place. A colored man, named William Thompson, u was charged at the City Court this morniag with stealing goods from the Bhow oase of an < Arabian, named Mitchell, who stntes that he j bos missed a quantity of fancy artlolea for some .'-ftime past from that place. Tho prisoner was qpotioed loitering about the show case in ques tion several timea during the past fortnight, and it w&b; discovered that he bad sold somo of the articles to H. Marks, of Swanston street, eleotroplater, The owner of the artiolss, Suspecting Thompson of tbelaroeny.gavdhim in charge to tho police. Mr CresBWoll, who ap peered for tbe defence, Btated that the good were given prisoner to sell again outside tbe Exhibition, and the owner of them was aware of the fact. The Bench remanded the aase, Mabel M, Ralph, the girl who was sentenced for stealing quantities of wonring apparel and other artioles from various houses in the suburbs during the month of S'ptombor, ap peared before Mr Panton, P.M., on habeas this morning, on a ohargo of stealing a gold watob and attain, valued at L20, from Mary Ann Clarke, of Carlton. Tho robbery was effected in a similar munncr to tbal in which the others were oarriea out. She called at Mrs Clarke's hoase and desired to bo accommodated with board and lodging, stating that her father and brother wero coining ovor from Sydney. She was shown to a room and asked if it was satisfactory, She stated that it would answor her purpose, nnd when left alone for a few minutes, ebe abstracted a gold natch nnd cbain belonging toMre Clarke, which were lying on tbo dressing table, and left tbe house, Sho pawned tho nttioleB at the shop of Rebecca Rosenwax, In Stephen street, for a small sum, and they were subsequently . recovered by Detective O'Donnell. Another ' obarge of robbing from the house of Isabella Parsons, in Rathdowne street, CarIton; of a pair of boots and an umbrella, under Bimilnr circumstances, on the 21st ult,, was proved , against ber. Detectlvo Lyons, from Adelaido, ! proved that tbe girl was previously convicted at that plaoe for acts of theft. She asked th's .. ' bench to deal leniently with her, as she waa already undergoing a term of six months' Im prisonment; and she was sant to gaol for twelve months for stealing tha watoh, and three months on the othor oharge, both sentences to be onmuLtive on the first one. A somewhat extraordinary m ithod of ex torting money appeared to be resorted by a man named George GrfiHbs, who waa pro secuted by Deteotive Lomax this morning at the City Court on a oharge of sending a threatening letter. The facts of the oase ap peared to be that « Mrs Attenborough reoeived a letter signed C.D.E. through the post, whiah stated that if she did not send L2 to the post office to C.D.E,. some unpleasant facts in connection with her past life would be made public to her detriment. She promptly oommunicated with the polios, and a registered letter was posted to C.D.E., for whioh the man Griffiths called and signed the registration book. He Btated that bo did not writo the letter himself, but a friend of his named Edwards had done so, and had sant him to get the money. The oase, which presented some peculiar features, was remanded until Monday next. The rata of travelling on some of the railways in tbe United States is (says the Times) very little inferior to the speed attained on E aglish lines, A train was reoently run from Jersey City to West Philadelphia, a distaaae of 00 miles in 03 minutes, whioh included four stop pages and a slackening of the train nt two oifferent points, Tbo number of stations be tween these oities is 54, and tbo slowest train ,f the day, stopping at ail these stations, oom ph tos the whole dUtones at the rata of 45 miles an hour, while two of tho afternoon trains regularly make over 46 miles an hoar, Tliero is no ohange in tho programmes to- uight at the ' various theatres and places of publio amusement' exaept the Thoatre R>yal, where the piece to bo present id is the well- known one of Struck Oil. Mr' and Mrs Williamson are too well known in this to rs- qnirq epeoial notice, fuitrer thot it is without exception tbo vbest piece in their, repertoire. At tbe Opera Hoase, Four Flats is repeated, as is Pinafore ot the Bijou Theatro, A Trump Oard will bo produoed at the People's, and a negro enter tainment, with the funnv burlesque of Pln-a-4, nt St. George's Hall. Profsssor Haselmayer oontinues to attract at toe Tempsranos Hall, and bis ingenious perform tnoes are well worthy of a visit. Tomorrow night M. ICetten, aided by ths Austrian Band, will give another grand concert. 