AxotiG thethiclk bundle of papers which the session has.already and at this early pezod of it produced, is the correspondence with: refer ence to the mail service. ia. Torres Straits. As Mr. M'ILwaki?rr has given notice of pro ceeding this evening with a bill to enable the Government to carry out the provisions of the preliminary agreement entered into between himself as Treasurer on the one part, and Messrs. Macaraarsp , LEEB, ANUvaw, DNNrY, FRASER, GRAY, and DAWEs, on .the other, for the carrying out of an efficient steam service between Brisbane and London, we .give the consideration of this correspondence the preterence. Ase our readers are aware, we have alresdy expressed our strong approval of the establishment of a direct haail aiad steam communication between this colony and the British capital, and we have now to bxamine the practical method offered to secure it. In the first instance, it is necessary to see what sort of offers were made to the Govern ment and to the Agent-General. Practically the first is a tender, dated 30th September, 1879, from the Eastern and Aus tralian Mail Steam Company, which for simply a mail service between Brisbane and Singapore asked £32,000, the service being a monthly one. If the speed were increased to ten knots, the subsidy asked was £40,000; if to ten and a half, £50,000. We gather from the correspondence that in one of the last two cases the New South Wales Government proposed to recommend a grant in aid of £10,000 conditionally on the terminus this aide being Sydney. Really, then, for the mail-service once a month between hero and Singapore, we should have had to pay in any case to the E. and A. Company from £30,000 to £32,000 a year. For a fortuightly service the sums asked were in all cases doubled. Subsequently the same company sent in another tender, which after some correspond ence resolved itself into a proposal for a ten knot mail-service every month at £35,000, to be increased to £40,000 if it were extended to Sydney. But on the 30th of January the agents here notified that they only meant the pLostal terminus to be at Brisbane: the trade terminus to be at Sydney; and the agents conclude their letter with these singular words, " This Government could not afford to pay the company a subsidy which would com pensate them for the loss of the Southern trade." On the 8th January the Under-Secretary for our Post-office telegraphed from the A.S.N. Company in Sydney a general kind of offer to carry the English mails sent by the fort nightly mails via Melbourne, for a subsidy of £4000 a year. Of course this provided only for the transmission to Brisbane; left the ports north of it to be provided for as best might be, and the whole foreign correspond ence of the colony at the mercy of the A.S.N. Company. In Great Britain advertisements were is sued by the Agent-General for tenders for a mail-service, and copies of the form of tender, agreement, and conditions were sent by him '' to every steam-ship owning firm of import ance whose names 1 could find both in this country and on the Continent of Europe!" The only response received was from a Mr. ALrutnD HOLT, of Liverpool, whose proposal -lbr it was not a tender-resolved itself into this:-That for a ten- knot monthly service he would require a subsidy of £30,200 at the very lowest; that he would not bind himself to any minimum tonnage; that he would keep no spare vessel at that rate to meet the con tingency of any one employed breaking down; that, if hlie kept one such spare vessel, he would want £2000 more; and if two vessels, £13,500. This was prebsuming the route to be between Brisbane and Singaporo. To render the service at all reliable he wanted, to begin with, £13,500 per annum; and, for the rest, to incur hardly any responsibility, and to be absolvecd as much as be liked from all con trol. It will be observed that by none of these routes nor in any of these tenders or propo asals was any reference made to trade interests, or the necessity, in the present condition of commercial sea carriage, of establishing direct steam communication with Great Britain. Everybody knows, who knows anything of the matter, that the carrying trade between E?gland and the colonies is fast passing into the hands of large steam-ship owners, with whomn the oldest shipping firms, with the best sailing-vessels, cannot hold their own. To quietly lease to the southern colonies the whole of the steam carrying trade would be practically to leave nine-tenths of our import trade and the cream from our export in the abonds of Sydney importers having branches here, and of Sydney agents undertaking the shipment to London of our wool, our mine rale-in fact, of whatever we might have to send. Tboh contract proposed by 1r. M'ILwsvnaIT provides for a through mail and steam ser. yice from London, by steam-ships of not less than 2000 tons gr6s'a burden, by way of the Suez Canal, Aden, Colombo, Batavia, or Sin gapore, and to London reversing the route. The ports of. call are Naples (if required), Port Said, Aden, Colombo, Batavia, Thursday Island, Cooktown, Townsville, Bowen, and Keppel Bay. The vessels are to leave either snd once every four weeks, and are to meet the P. and O. steamnere at Batavia or Singa pore, going and.codming roit, tie mails;the time occupied between (any) Singapore and Bris buor being less than that hitherto taken for, the mails between Singap~o're and Sydney. The average speed of the-entire route is to be 220 knots per day,'and the contractors are to.carry uit the 'option of the .GoFernnid?t such numbers .of emigrants as thesg steamers will accommodate at the rate of £16 per head. If the Government find the route unshitable, they are'to be at lberty to discontinue:the emigration service. -rlThe' subsidy paid for these services is. 55,q00 per annum which, in fact, amoubth to .25,000 more than we should have had to pay the A. S. N. Com pany--i-n other worel, we pay £25?000a year for thbe, restor?tiop' and:.imainte?ancd 'of 'the direct tb?r ,between 'Queenisland. and' 7Eg land which is now the abadow pf a shade...' We have stated the moin particulars a:to.. the facts distlosed .by thecorrespondence,'and wd see nofbsaebn'to:lter: the opinioneszgx pressed by us when the arrangembrit ~vs'first telegrape.. . ..If sr o we r tobave o direct, trade: with the old country, our .harbiur,ey penditure is a mere farce, and to talk of mer cantile ipteretej .waildd be absdird. The coldny would bebmne i ila'dof"agendie~ aeia l middle men, 'of :liom Wie have t'b many already, , If large ~teamero sre required f~or the work.of :esiral,.'we miist bear. our,part' In theoiurden till the trade itself:redders'.i?ulsi dies comparatively light. We believe that the saving to the colony at the outset will be great ae td. tade,' and' as:to thatiand t~mhe sopial results in time to come incalculable, and we are very glad, looking at the matter from a purely independent standpoint,,that this item of the Government ineasu'res is one like)yto receive a:strog and effptivye p~pporp. WE do not furthbr:tefer to-therdebatpe of last weekthan to say we are glad that theyare over. They degenerated intot ie nioit childish ex. hibitions of petulance and folly that we have known disgrace our Legislature,- and we do trpst that when the members dea agaih this afternoon theywill recolleot tht:tthey are by courtesy supposed to be well-informed geqntl men. I the suppositign is jbaspily eitriedn oue, they who are the cotrairy 8 ohuld be put down. The SrEaKsx will find jlenty of pre cedents to juetify him in keeping members to the point in dispute Aind 'stopipig tlie tidA o personality. It is qoiteeasey, in the ior'ds'of TonD as quoted by Mr, Taoautsow,. "to con stitute a standigg. cepsorahip of the Govrerp ment, subjectiug all its acts- and measures to. a lbse and jealous srciutiny-", but neither Opposition nor Ministry are more than parts of the House, bound by;its rules, fettered. and wisely so-by the precedents on whicha those rules are founded; and if they would respect themselves end iet'aidn the respect of their constituents they must conseot.to mould their .eonducb within the limits prescribed. If two of the Standing Orderd had beeo pro. perly enforced last. week. not a little of the scandal attaching to the proceedings would have been prevented. There would have:been more of "scrutiny" and less of scurrility; more of the" censor" and less of the scaidal monger. If some honourable members only knew what is thought out of doors on these matters they would think more and talk less, and be none the worse for so doing. Mr. TnoursoN's speech will be received with a great dealofpleaeure by his constituents -indeed, we know it has. It is to be hoped that in time his independence and that of some one or twogentlemen who seemed hlikely totread the same track will lead them to the develop mont of sound political -principles themselves -a rather more dignified course than stand ing criticism of others. There is greatneed ofthat just now. Mr. MAcaossa?'s refer! once to branch-railways renders it necessary to re-open that discussion. As between their chance of paying and that of the trunk-lines doing so at present there is not a ghost of a comparison. We are by no means inclined to take the hen. gentleman's assertions or those of " convenient" subordinates-who, for a Minister of other proclivities, would find as many facts and assumptions of an opposite tenor, with equal gratification- as gospel. However, we shall see. 