[?] A Cat Cam. — A oorrcspondont of Nature tolls tho following story of folino intelli gence : — Many ycarS ago wo lived in Cam bridge, at tho back of Emmanuel Collogo. Tho premisos woro partly out off from tho \ road by a high wall ; tho body of tho houso stood back somo littlo distauco. A high trellis, dividinn* off tho trarden, ran from tho eutranco door to tho wall, in which was another door or gate. A portion of tho houso, a gable, faced tho trellis. Theso par ticluhirs aro necessary, as you will seo. Wo woro, nftor somo timo of rosidonce, extremely troubled by ' run- away-beU-rings,' gene rally most prevalent at night, and in rainy, bad or cold weather, wliich was a groat annoyanco to tho servant srh'ls, who had to cross tho spaco botween tlio houso aud tho wall to open tho outer door in tho latter, aud wero thus exposed to wot and cold. Tho annoyance becumo so groat that at longth a cousin and myself, armed with wioked ash saplings, watched behind tho trees, bent on adjninistering a sound thrashing to tho enemy, whoever ho was, that disturbed our domostic pcaco. Mirable tliclu ! Tho rings continued, but no ono pulled tho bell handlo ! Being a vory old houso, thoy wero now, of courso, set down to ghosts ! But' not believ ing in thoso gentry, I was puzzled. Chance, however, rovealed the originator of tho scare. Being ill, I was confined to tho wing facing the trellis, and ono miserablo, blowing, wot day, gazing disconsolately out of tho window, I espied my favourite cat — a singularly intelligent animal, much petted — coming along tho path, wet, dragglo-tailed, and miserable. Pussy marched up to tho houso - door, sniffed at it, flushed it, mewed, but finding it firmly shut, clambered up to tho top of tho trellis, some eijjlat or ten feet trom tho groiiud, reaohed a paw over tho edge, scratched till aho found the bell-wire which ran along the upper rail from the wnll to the house, caught hold of it, gave it a hearty pull, then jumped down aud waited demurely at the door. Oat came tho maid, in ruebed puss. The former, after gazing vaguely up nnd down the street, returned, muttering ' blesBingB,' no doubt, on the ghost, to bo confronted by me in the hall. ' Well, Lydia,„I have at laBt found ont who rings tho boil.' 'Lard, master, ye harvent, suref!/' — she waa broad ' Zjrmsrze'iheor.' ' I havo ; oomo and see. Look t.ut of tho breakfa3t room wiudow, but don't show your self.' Moanwhile I weut into tho drawiug room, whero Mrs. Pub3 was busy drying hei self before the fire. Catohing hor up, I popped her outside of the door and ran round to my post of observation. Pusa trioo tiie door and mewed, thinking probably, somo one must be noor, and after waiting two or threo minutes ia vain, again sprang up the trellis and renewed her attaok on tho beii wiro, of oourse to bo immediately admitted by tho delighted maid, who this timo did not orosB the yard, nor over again, I fear some times to the inoonvenience of visitors, if puss was waiting for admission. Now I think that no one ever taught that oat how to ring the bell by pulling tho wire. To my mind she must, havo gone through the follow ing prooess of reasoning; 1,^ Sbo noticed that whenever tho bell rang tho door opened. 2\. In olambering up the trellis to tho houco top Bhe aeoidently moved the wire and oausod tbo bell to ring. This probably ocourred several timea before she notiecd it, but having onoo done so she repeated it, purposely, whenever sho wnuted entrance ; I have often made her do it for tho amusement of friends by turning her out frcm her enug nest by the fire on cold or wot days. A voloanio eruption in tho south- western part of Iceland, of whioh intelligence has only lately come to hand, proves to have beon olosely contemporaneous with terrestrial dis turbances in Southern Europe, including tho rocont outbroak of Mount Etna. The Use op Pain. — Tho power which rides tho universe, this great, tendor power, uses pain as a signal of danger. Just, gouerous, 1 beautiful naturo nover strikes a fold blow; nover attacks us bohind our backs; never digs pitfalls or lays ambuscades ; nover wears a smilo upon hor face when thoro is ven geanco in hor hoart. Patiently sho teaches us her laws, plainly sho writes her warning, tenderly sho graduates their forco. Long boforo tho fiorce, red dangor light of pain is flashed, sho pleads with us — as though for hor own sako, not ours — to bo merciful to ourselves and to each other. Sho makes tho overworked brain to wandor from tho subjeot of its labours. Sho turns tho over indulged body against tho delights of yester day. Tlieso aro hor caution sismals, 'Go slow.' Sho stands in tho filthy courts and alleys that wo pass daily, and beckons us to entor and realise with our senses what wo i allow to exist in tho midst of tlio oulturo of wluch wo brag. And what do wo do for ourselves ? Wo ply whip and spur on the jaded bruin as though it woro a jibing horse — force it back into tho road whioh leads to madness, nnd go on full gallop. Wo drug tho rebolUous body with stimulants, wo hido tho original and think wo havo escaped tho danger, and are vory fostivo beforo night. Wo turn asido, ns tho Pharisco did of old, and pass on tho othor side with our hand korohiof to our noso. At last, having broken Naturo's laws, and disregarded her warn ings, forth sho comes — drums beating, colours flying— right in front ! to punish us. Then wo go down on our knees and whimper about it having pleased God Almighty to send this affliction upon us, and wo pray him 'to work a miraclo in ordor to rovorso tho naturul con sequences of our disobedience, or savo us from tho troublo of doing our duty. In othor words, wo put our lingers in tho firo and bog that it may not hurt. — Temple Bar. Anecdote op Geouoe I. — While George I. of England, was travelling in Holland, ho cam« to a town wherein lived influential peoplo who had, aa he thought, maligned him, and ho swore, with a big oath, that ho would not tarrj there even for a meal. The day on whioh he arrived at tho town in queation was oxooedingly fair, and while hia servants-wore engaged in exchanging horaee, and making new arrangement of baggage, the king went in person to the door of the prinoipal inn and asked for three freBh eggs nnd a meaauro of new milk. Tho artioloB wore brought, and dippoaod of, and when his majesty ocked what was to pay, ho wob told — ' twohundred florins.' 'Twohnndrod florinB 1' oriod the king, aglwBt. ' Blood an' 'oun's I are ogga so mighty aoarco in this plaoe ?' ' Not at all,' roplied Bonifaco, with entire honesty, ' but kings are/' The remarkable phenomenon known as St. Elmo's firo has again boon observed , in Switzerland, tliis timo by a party of moun tainoors on tho Gross Gliicknor mountain. While) engaged iu tho ascont thoy woro ovor takon by a troinendoua thuudofstorm. To observers nt a distanco tho olootrio fluid appeared to bo striking iu and about tho outiro company, and to tho members of tho party tlieinsolvoa all naturo sooinod suddenly aflame. ' Gentlemen, wo shall all bo struok dead,' said their guide; ' but what does it matter? Tho lightning' might havo killed us if wo had been in our beds.' Tho intenso glaro completely blindod thom all for tho timo being ; and when thoir sight roturnod, eaoh was seen by his companions to bo en veloped in n stream of eleotrio firo. Sparks flow from heads, boards, coats, nnd hats, and oven from thoir alpenstocks into tho snow. Notwithstanding their imminent peril, liowover, all escaped. Tho danger to which thoy wero oxposcd may bo appreciated when wo stato that hundreds of goats havo been killed in tho Alps this year by lightning. Peter Bain, of Bourgoval, Franco, gained tho consent of liis Hwootheart to marry, and started for homo, singing joyously as ho wont. Tho girl listened to his voico as ho orossed a fiold, and noticed that it stopped suddenly in tho middle of tho son g. This odd broaldng off oxoited her wondor. Sho wont to loarn tho oauso, aud found hor lovor murdered. A rival had overheard him, followed him, and struok him down from behind. At least ono vine-grower in the iBland of Maderia has succeeded in eheoking the devastations- of the phylloxora insect in hiB vineyards. Ho unoovers the lower stem and roots of eaoh plant as far as he safely may, burnB tho loose bark on whioh the insects usually gather, or treats it with boiling water, and finally coots both Btem nnd roots with a preparation of resin and turpentine in the proportions of three and a half ounces of tho former to a quart of tho latter. This mixture is ndhorent nnd cohesive. It destroys the inseotB touohed by it, and finally restores the plant to health. A Surprising Escape. — A remarkablo freak of lightning is recorded iu a French newspaper. A farm labourer, tunuing for shelter, waa suddenly thrown to the ground, tbo fork he oarried on his shoulder being wreucbou from bis grasp and oarried through the air to a distance of fifty or sixty yards. The prongs were bent aud twisted with woll- ni(jh mathematical aoouraoy, into tho shape of corkscrews, the steel being burnt, and formed, on its exterior surface, into small iaminiu whioh emitted a slightly sulphurous odour. The lubourcr eeoaped without injury. The officers oi a Danish war vosBel whioh has been cruising about tho oaast of Ioel&nd; during the fishing soason report meeting great masses of driftwood in tho sea to tho north of tho island, and say that the farther north thoy weut the more there was of it. They Couldn't Get Even. — I was looking ovor tho stories that wero sent in last wook for tho prize, and I wonder that tho editor did not insert this one, which is really too good to bo lost : ' Thero is a curious duel now ponding in Boston, wliieh began several years ago. Mr. A., a bacholor, challenged Mr. B., a married man, with one child, who replied that tho conditions were not equal ; that lie must necessarily put moro at risk with his lifo than tho other, and ho declined. A year afterwards ho received a challengo from Mr. A.,_ who stated that he, too, had now a wife 'aud oliild, and ho supposed, tliereforo, tho objection of Mr. B. was no longer valid. Mr. B. replied that he now had two children, consequently tho inequality still existed. Tho next year Mr. A. renowod his challenge, having now two children also ; but his adversary had three. Tho matter, when last heard from, was still going on, tho numbers being six to seven, and tho challongo yearly renewed.'— London Truth. Faoat the Monthly (formerly tho Quarterly) Journal of Science, we learn that Dr. A. W. .Lvla recommends oil of saasafras aa a remedy f^r -h. liite of the oopperhead onake. He nays ii, is not only an effeotuid antidote in such cab. s, but a destructive agent as applied to inifcis. A French meteorologist, Mong. E. Renon, p- edict. aeries of bad seasons in Europe fn-v- t- present time until the. summer of 1.-S3 iucluBive. Ho expeots the winter of 1S81-1882 to be an exceedingly severe one. In several states of Europe the census has recently afforded evidence of the superior longevity of women. Of centenarians the proportion is two hundred aud forty-one women to one hundred and forty-one men in Italy ; two hundred and twenty-nine women to one hundred and eighty-throo men in Aus tria ; and five hundred and twenty-six women to five hundred and ;i,twonty.fou» men in Hungary. Murderers Repaying Stolen Money. — Ono of the Btranue features in the double murder in' the Faubourg St. HonotO, that has for some time been the talk of Paris, is the fsot that the murderer thought fit to write to the widow of his master and viotim to inform her that it was only for tho sake of robbery that he committed his crime, ' I havo taken about eighty pounds,' he says, in conclusion, 'with whioh money I mean to mako my fortune ; and I pledge myself to return it to you Bome .day.' Extraordinary as the Boruplo may look, this is not tho first time that a murderer, without apparently feeling muon remorse tor tuo aeea in itseit, nas given signs of being quite awake to thtf pi'ouninry liability whioh it entails. Thus tho Marquis de Snlverte, whose father was murdered at San Domingo about a quarter of a ocntury ago, received by post, after tho lopse of a few yoars, a annuof eight thouBaud pounds, with noticc that it was a restitution oi the amount robbed, from the murderer himself, who had made hia fortune, but deolined to give hia name and nddresB. In another oase, a Parisian senator was for years in receipt of a monthly installment of eight pounds from London, the sender of which was unknown, with notioe that the amount would be forth coming to complete the paymont of a sum of twenty-four thousand francs robbod from one of his nnoleB after murder. — London World. An inspeotion of pork has been established by law in the oity ol Berlin on acoount of the prevalence of triehiniaais. The official inspfotors are required to employ the mioroscope in their examination. Butchers are forbidden to out up or Bell any pork until furnishr-d with a certificate that it is free from triohii'is. In evidence of this, the inspectors are aUo required to Btamp the slaughtered animal itaolf. At tho battle of Senef tho Princn of Condo sent word to Marshal do Nevaillea to bo ready to engage the enemy. The messenger found him hearing Ma3s, at whioh the Prince, being enraged, muttored something in abuse of over pious persons. But tho Marquis, having evinced the greatest heroism during the engagement, said after it to the Prince, ' Tour highness I fancy, now sees that those who pray to God behave as well in battlo as thoir, neighbours.' ? juaiay uujjrv. — Out a chicken into joints, and put it into a stowpan with 2oz. of blanohod almonds, browned in a frying pan, and pounded to a cream with an onion and tho peel of half a lemou ; mix a large spoon ful of tumerio and half a teaspoonful' of oayenno poper in a breakfast cupful of water. Put tho whole into a stewpan, put ourry powder in according to tasto, and let it sim mer about twonty minutes ; add a teaspoon ful of croam, lot it boil up onco, and beforo dishing squeezo in tho juico of a lomon. Feenoh Cakes.— Tako 1J lb. of flour, 1 small teaoupful of yoast, hall a pint of milk warmed, lib. -of butter, and four oggs. Make a hole in tho flour, and pour into it tho milk, eggs, and yeast ; mix them all ?well together ; boat tho dough, adding tho butter by degrees. Let it stand for ono hour to rise, then tako half a pound of Bifted sugar, and mix it -well in with tho dough, buttor tho cups or pans, put in tho dough, and ornamont tho top with candied orange or lemon peel. 