Ma W. MADDEN, one of the members for the Wimmera, is a young gentlemail who has proved to be a very good district surveyor, and who has succeeded, by the suavity of his demeanor, in making himself somewhat popular, even beyond the region of the political party with which he is connected. He is not rude in speech; neither, is he at all boisterous in act or deed. Consequently, eveiybody who is acquainted withhim personally is disposed to think favorably of him, and to give him credit generally, or according to his lights, for good intentions. He is certainly a Conservative,, and also a firm believer in the Roman Catholic priests being allowed separate schools under the payment of results system. But he is not at all obtrusive with his views, either political or sectarian. He does not try to force his convictions in this respect down other people's throats. Hence, no person feels ' disposed to quarrel with him, although, in' the direction sketched out, he happens to hold very obsolete and threadbare notions. Having succeeded, then, in making himself tolerably well liked for the possession of what may be termed'', negative qualities, Mr W. MADDEN should have been content with his laurels, because popularity acquired by this means should always be worn in its freshest paint. It should certainly not be "lightly cast aside,"" leSt some insuperable difficulty should arise to the regaining of prestige of this nature. But Mr W. MADDEN is like a. good many other persons of. the same stamp. He is not content to leave well alone continuously. He would do something more than be regarded as a decent sort of young fellow. He is restless under the quietude he enjoys; and, thus, like all other persons of tbe same class, Mr W. MADDEN is attempting to distinguish himself outside of his own proper role, and is thereby incurring great risk of making himself both unpopular and obnoxious. The point of "these remarks is contained . in a notice of motion which Mr' W. MADDEN;. .lodged in the Assembly last week,- and which . is to come np for consideration (his evening. Mr W. MADDEN is seized with A great idea; and he is exceedingly desirous of bringing it to fruition. He sees Some of our gold produce leaving the colony withokt jmssing. through the Mint; and Ee is anxious to "direct the whole of .it has in view could not be accomplished. Who would that somebody bet Cerinto that phannel, so as to njake~"that establishmentiself-supporting.' .Accordingly, he proposes-that a/duty on all uncoined gold that leaves the colonj^ should be imposed ; and he thinks-that if Parliament-would sanction this idea, all our gold would be . turned Into sovereigns by ourselves, and the Mint would become', one of the best-paying concerns in the country. Now there are several considerations which speak Strongly against thisproposition; but we them oyer; because One is quite to show the want of thonght' widich *iT»d«rlie« : Mr W. MADDEN'S BUG-, ^gestion. Swi aduiy, if Imposed, would itatfrfy havp this effect It would upon the pockets-oE the: miners.. SomeibOcJy w^mld have to p^y the dif- Cerenoe betwBen what tie Mint now obtains Mid;wfyU /i£ I ;would' earn then^ or the end' which Mr W. -MADDEN adft not tife baalcs, because they |raU\bame to be handicapped with sndi d>ne&-. tJofauolj .not the orcnundu .hastenl of the Mint becoming self- supporting, it would ow more <ostly, «r be - worked -at-a « greater loss, than ever. The prodjiqeES -would-£leariy JiaTE'- to —pay!. the J piper somehow;; (od it would be gst out of that class' by Hie "hanks lowering the jwice^ ^oflgold" to meet tbe .new levy.' Mining -companies, m the ' «ae' hand, and co-operagve .^parties' of tnmers, or individual miiiers, on! the other, would -find their earnings reduced by tbe amount of the dniy imposed npbn' all gold that was sent out of'die colony; and they would be . powerless to resist the reduction, because there would be no way by .which they could evade payment of the duty. This was . the....eSect~. of an eqwrt duty on goldwhen. imposed yeaicsago. The miners had to pay it, and not the banks or merchants,- because the price of gold was lowered to meet the bhaige at the Customs; and die «ame result would inevitably. follow now,, in spite x>f the existence of a local Hint, if Mr [W. MADDEN were to be successful with his motion. Thus a blow would be. given to the mining interest, which wl .experience goes to show it can ill afford .to bear; and die' mer? act of making the Mint a paying concern wionld certainly ~ not compensate tie munity for the injury whiA' mining would sustain by the: ae^,- or rather the revivali of. .a played-out, system. Apart Aitogetier then fiom the WnVing and commercial considerations involvS in Mr W. MADDEN*S motion, the goldfinders wQl not taike-at all kindly^to fhat gentleman's idea. . The goldfiaders know full well that : an export duty on gold would somehow or, the other mean so much money taken from their results; and any movement of this kind will, have their most uncompromuang opposition, instead of their sympathy and assistance. Mr W. MADDEN would do well, then, to abandon' his notice of motion, and relapse , into his nld : quiet .-and ^unobtrusive style; the more particularly er as there is not die ghost Of a chance of his.motion being .affirmed.. Otherwise, lie. will-lose . much of that popularity ;which et- he has hitherto enjoyed; apd he, and not die miners, will be the sole sufferer by the alteration. h WE regret to see our contemporary the Age advocating the use of the lash for rowdyism of the kind that has latterly come so prominently under notice, because-anything of'the sort, instead of being of a Liberal character, is really a step backwards towards the Dark Ages. The application of the cat is a weakness of the Conservatives, who would make our prisons gigantic hells, and keep thegallo ws continually at work, always'providing, of course, that the blow did not fall upon the shoulders of their own people. But changes of this retrogade kind have" habitually been resisted by the liberals all tbe world over^ because the liberals have always been at work, not to encourage crime or rowdyism quite the reverse — bat to mate our punishments harmonise with :the teachings of . the New Testament, and thus conform to the higher instincts of human nature. The cat. like the gallows, is a relic which has come down to us from barbarous times; and it needs no deep acquaintance with the teachings contained in the New Testament, to know .that the more we have of this implement, the less credit we do to that noble work, and the more we show our degradation. Hence it is that the liberals in all parts of the world have always protested against the use of the.cat, and have so far carried out their protest that, except for a few special crimes, it is.; almost extinct in all civilised communities as' a means of punishing offenders. The wonderful change that has taken place in the regulations of the British Army and Navy in this respect is a . case in point; and it was the liberals who carried that grand improvement We always doubly regret, then, to see any liberal paper advocate the extension of the use of the lash, because it means putting progress back, and does, violence to the instincts of the' Liberal party. In the-present ease, the lash is advocated by our contemporary," because two or three acts of rowdyism have occurred' in the colony. But these incidents are surely insufficient to justify such a lapse back asked for. As well say that we should hang for robbery because robberies go on, or cut out tongues because scandal stall, continues a . social pest or amusement. ' There are irons, solitary confinement, and long terms of imprisonment for such scenes; as have occurred in and naar Mellx>urtte of late; and so long as tbe law is as stringent as this, we need no cat to keep these disturbances in check. For to put them down altogether is impossible, since there will always be a small percentage of .these' occurrences, for no matter what punishment was enforced they could not be entirely swept awav. Else we should see an end of murder; for no punishment more severe can be imposed than hanging for such an out-' rage. Or we should see an end of indecent assaults, or indecent exposures, for the' cat is- now administered most lavishly for these offences. And" yet there are still murders, and still Indecent assaults, and indecent exposures, although the punishment |or these crimes is sb severs and drastic! The fact is, there "will always be a small percentage of crimes of all sorts com- 1 mitted, no matter wiat .ptmidiment is imposed; and, therefore,' it is no use attempting to put do'ra aay particular crime absolutely.. ; All ' society can do, through the I/fegislatore, Is: to punish thfroffenders with severity Jand humar mtarianism combined; and, having done this, society has gone as £ar as.it is jable W^ to cleal mth such evils. ^ ®eyond ,this, it ; cartnot move without doing- -violence to human progress,'! iand at no .improvement—iy the .ofibrt; AH experience, ancient, . medieviil, and modern, establishes the thorough soundness of this viewj andlt is ^ii better at all tames to rely ujMJii 'esperience aequiredfromitepast than to be led|i^» idoing wrong fey momentary u^tem^it ! jandpaaEaon. . . We dpli't care now much solitary con?ihf>innii't; ior wiai kngth of impristmme^, or -4xrtt, in- reaison, is meted ou^ sto thie mwiEkk., who now worry M£3bOui^betStisei»bmtality is Bssociated with pimiHluwyitfi of the: sort which^the lawj DpwyioWs. And fiB quite agtoe withdie law as it stands being stringently administered to cope with these evik, that is to keep them such a pnrpoptj .WeJcot^wain^|& because it is c at utter enmSty with'hll liberal instinct -and progress; beaase it-is opposed -to. .the. teachings e s Mạ of the New -Testament,^-and as ffiris-. ians, vre' have no right io do jtny' violence to that bpok, and because it would do no good, as ; aU "experience shows, for the end intended. The ay for the lash which now prevails is, therefore, a huge mistake; and we are sony indeed to see the Aga endorse such a blunder. IF any person desires to know what value should be attached to Miners' Associations, he has only totun^tp the KewcasUe Daily Chromcle of the* .14th of September last, to saturate himself with intelligence of this- kind to repletion. In that issue of the paper named, fall detbilb are given of the dreadful Seaham colliery explosion, the particulars of which have already appeared ' in >these: colnmns, <and elso of the efforts made to assist the survivors, These survivors consist of mothers, wives, fathers,-sisters, daughters, young sons and brothers, all - of whom were suddenly left destitute by that terrible occurrence. .Over a hundred and sixty bread-winners were swept away in a moment by an_jsxplosion of gas, in the Seaham mine; and not a living man in Jthe mine was - brought up to, the surface to , qualify the dire of the terrible disaster. Here- was a tremendous calamity indeed; and when we add that it threw thewholedistricfirifomourningandwoe, we Ear from do justice to this part of the subject. With characteristic' benevolence ' the well-to-do came forward liberally with money to tone down the anguish causeJ; ^inid the Queen'isent a handsome icheqTie for the saine purpose. These, however, were only temporary aids,,and woidd have done.little more than just palliate die dreadful loss. But there was a great resource behind all these efforts; and this resource met the pressure nobly. ' There was the Miners' Association, or, to give it -its precise title, the Northumberland pnd Durham 'Miners' Permanent itelief Fund; -and the committee instantly jput forth its best efforts to cope with all the, distress which the explosion had created. Before thirty of the 'bodies had been drawn up out of the mine, the committee had met n-nd permanently provided for the widows and orphans, mothers, and worn out.fathers of the lost ones; only four or five cases Deing left undisposed of, because their claims were doubtful, necessitatingfurtherenquiry before these appeals could be adjusted. Herewe have the grandest evidence of the value of Miners' Associations that could be desired. Here we -see the immense good which these organisations do; and the readiness villi which, that good can be brought into action. Without such an association in this case, the relief would have dropped in slowly; and nothing of a permanent kind in this way would have been supplied. The charitable would have sent in their subscriptions, no doubt But some time would have e before the distribution could have taken place; and even then there would have been nothing permanent in the aid afforded. But the Miners' Association was able to do the work at once, and provide regular and sure incomes to those "who had been bereft of their bread-winners; and the whole thing was done without the semblance of -charity being associated with the effort. Anything more conclusive of the value of Miners' Associations all the world over could not be found; and it should stimulate every miner, and other people as well, togiveall the aid they can. to these splendid combinations—splendid for all that is good —splendid in tbe hour of adversity anyl trouble. Nor is the Seaham case the only one in which the Northumberland and Durham Miners' Permanent Belief Fund has done such an immensity" of good. The fund is nineteen years old; and' during that time it has received from the miners and mine-employers the large sum of £350,000, and paid away £260,000 in relieving the widows and orphans of the members who have been destroyed by mine-disasters. It is at this moment supporting COO widows and 1050 children, and has no fewer thaiv70,000 paying members' on its books—thus, in -spite-of- the drain, always keeping its funds in a highly prosperous condition. No widow or orphan of a member, who has jdijsd f rom natural or violent causes" has ever wanted ail-that is necessary, since the association 'was formed. Relief has constantly gone on'; and the association has now a bajancfe of £90,000 in hand to meet all claims .upon its. assistance. In the meantime it is being replenished by handsome gifts from well-to-do people; and whenever a disaster occurs,' a perfect avalanche of contributions come tumbling in to assist it in its noble labors Such is the Northumberland, and Durham Miners' Permanent Relief Fund; and it conveys an. instructive lesson to all parts of the globe'where mining is going on. It shows most unmistakably Jhe value of, such associations where the risk of life is so great as it is in. mining, and- . the .advisability of a large-hearted support always being given to such movements. We have several such associations amongst ourselves; and they cannot be supported too cheerfully or too grandly, . . We are sorry to learn that Dr Whitcombe, the well-known medico," met with all accident on lipnday evening, whjph has confined him to his 'house. The gentleman, it' lB' stated^ was in the act of nncoiiing a bottie, when it burst, and hesnsbaioed such a severe injury to one of his -eyes that he was unable yestorday to pursue his professional duties.. —A "breach-of promise" case, which has b6en«x<ating consderaUe interefet ln certain circles for ioaie time past, was heard atthe- County Court yesterday. Xhe plaintift- JESB Harriet O'Brien, .a lady of' .some eight and twenty summers, .-sought to recover £500 froin Mr J.- M- O'Brien, a member. of tJie 1 ' poliM force, stitioned "at Ballarat East, for non-compIeti<m <rf an alleged faiaiiliaxecon-, tract. Emm the evidence of the plaintiff—? a -rather prfepoBse$sing4ookisg lady—the oiily paradn yierMDinal, : St appekred thali epme. three', ' years ago, fehfii .aiid defendant-became ^acquainted,- and he asked her to miny hijn; but Bhe 'referred (he matter ^ ^J^ .deqinfiii of ,her -friends, Vho objected to -CBriea on the grounds that be wore ««.*ooat of blim. ,T i Plaintiff said she WOBD JNAR^HITA^MHETCFTTHE'FI tius i^ie 'wouH not So, sayii^ be ooold ridt leave -a certainty for ai -nnoatamty. ' Mr. QTBri.eo^pressrf his emit with .mch isocce£ J^iat aitlast the.Jady consent^tomarriage on a crartun - d^,. and came t6. Bdlan^t' to '-ini^'/.sirar^mHto for the ceremony. On her w^iKd hare, per jealousy was excited; asd ahe told defendant he nmst iAstan^y , jiease^ acqnapifaaceafeiy jrith;. other young iadies<named),'aadehoaeeT}K!tvBen [her and the fdroe, or che^initdd nkot complete engagement. Upon tiiis defendant told her that he was quite ready to keep Ids engagement with her, though hedid ngt caieforh^; as he . xamination, "by mutual consent. Mr O'Brien o ubsequently married someone else, and iss OUrien brought" the action sgainstiinn u s atatedJ Bfi: Jiad previbnHy returned iter ;:Lnu letters, but ehe retained "Ma, and 'pit'them in in evidence. ..Hia &pnor; Acting Judge' Smyth, on the cbnclnsion of the examination of pl«urT*,fr, said that there was no caae to go before the jury, as plaintiff admitted that the contract had been broken by mntual consent. He therefore granted a nonsuit, and defendant did not press for costs. - A report of the esse appears in another column. An accident happened to a lad who' was marking" at the Clones rifle butts' a few - ijs ago, which, it appears, will result very seriously for him! The lad, with some others, was playing about the butts, when a ranger desired him to mark for him. Unaware of the danger from lead splashes from the bullets striking the targets, the boy stood too pear, the .tpi^etf, aid a ^splftsh^ from ballet' struck' hlfri'' in the tace, catting open one eye so badly that it is feared he will lose the sight of it, and that it will be necessary, to remove it to preserve the sight of theother. ColonelHedevisited Clones on Friday last, and made an enquiry into the afiair, bid so far his decision is not known- We underBtand, bo wever, -that it is probable that the Government will be recommended to make some compensation to the boy for the accidentaLloss he has sustained. Mtmaieur C. de Montanahou, Inspector General of French schools,. has done a very kindly "act towards this dty. It will be remembered that a few weeks ago, by request of Major Smith, this gentleman presented, in the Urqnhart street school, the prizes won last year at the xxnnpetitzon -bruughl about by the (Sty Board of Advice, and at which Master Wm. M-^eod Atkins carried off the gold medaL Monsieur de Montmahou yesterday sent to Mr MaConochie a splendidly bound super octavo edition of Shakespeare^ woricB, Kjiighfs edition, as a gift to young Aikins, and will be publicly handed ova to Aikms "by~ thte Minister of Education, in the Mechanics' Institute on the 17th instant, when the prizes for this year's contest will be distributed. The edition is a very handsome one, and'contains no less than 340 illustrations by Sir John Gilbert, A.R.A. ; On behalf of tins city we thank M. de Montmahou for his very considerate and handsome present to one of our most promising youngsters. ^ public meeting was held yesterday afternoon at the Bungareeshire hall to protest against the redaction or withdrawal of the Government cBubaidy in lien of tolls. Councillor Tree occupied tlie chair, and; explained that any petition on the subject most be presented to the Chief Secretary, and not later than Tuesday. A series of resolutions were proposed and carried as follows:—By -Councillor,Seville, seconded by Mr Cope—"That serious loss would arise" to the welfare, flf the country by the withdrawal of the present amount or endowment." Councillor D. Bourke supported the motion. Bv Mr Godden, seconded by Councillor T. Maher—"That in many districts it would be impossible to make new roads, and that in others to maintain the old ones, should the endowment be withdrawn." ByGouncjUor Fidler, seconded by Mr Callinan—"That this meeting considers the question of endowment of sufficient importance to be settled by itself, and hereby desires that no extraneous matter, such as closed roads or any other question, be mixed up with it." By Councillor P. K. Bourke, seconded by Councillor D. Bourke—" That the petition, embodying the foregoing resolutions, be signed by the ratepayers and sent to the members of the district for presentation to the Premier and Treasurer, and that they be strongly urged to support the prayer of it." - It was resolved that the petition be at once taken about the district for signature by the ratepayers of the three ridings. A vote of *lm"lr« to the chair then terminated the meeting. At a time when the Water Commission is crying out against the indiscriminate use of water, it is rather inconsistent to see four streams running out of the months of the lions' heads attached to the troughs of the Galloway monument in front of this office. This is a loss of very indefensible kind, and it should be avoided by the use of taps, as for eveiy pint of water fiirly. consumed there will beat least half-a-dozen gallons wasted. A long sitting of the County Court yesterday only saw three cases taken off the list— a breach of promise case and one for alleged assault occupying the ^ime of the court almost from the opening to its close. The court, at its rising, adjourned till nine a.m. to- day, his Honor expressing a determination t tea and t^Set:texvice,"' "Which had beenBubraibBd for aunoigst members, M memeuto jof Ttieir osteem and ackriowled meat of the 1r»n«ii»«w receiv-ed at her barn on various occaaons during the last eighteen years. MrG. Welch, on behalf of the sub- to sit till all hours if possible to complete the work of the court in - the time stated for its holding. The man "William Davis, who was arrested on Monday by Sergeant Simpson on a charge of having threatened to scatter the brains of his wife with a sledge-hammer, was yesterday brought up at the City Police Court, After the bench had heard the circumstances of the affair, they bound the prisoner over in his own surety-of £50 and'two others of £23 ea£h to keep. the peace for six months; As the sureties were not forthcoming, the prisoner went to gaol- It was stated in Bungaree yesterday that there is very, little hope for the recovery of Mr John Mood, fanner, of Ormond. It wQl be remembered that he sustained a compound -fracture of the leg, - owing to the wheel -of his cart going over the limb. A miner named Geo. Gummow, while working , in the Pratt's Freehold yesterday, sustained a severe wound in his right hand through a piece of rock thrown off from a blast striking him. Gummow proceeded to the Hospital and had his wound dressed, and. -then-went home. - •-. -• We are sorry to notice that Councillor Richards, president of the Bungareeshire Cottncil, is still unable. through /iUness to attend to his municipal duties. tY-esterday, Councillor TVee officiated as chairman at the council meeting. Councillor Lofven was also absent through indisposition. ' The proverbial'^young-man from the country" fell among thieves-on Monday night, in Ballarat East.. He was robbed of £5 in cash, and'a bank .deposit .receipt for £300. The stolen.property has not yet been recovered. A man named Mark. Bates fell into fee Yarrowee channel late on Monday night, from off the railing in Bridge ftreet. He sustained some severe bruises to his head and face, and on bping got but of the channel was taken, to the Hospital for surgifeal treatment. Bates had a nasty fall, and he was fortunate to escape with such comparatively < slight r injuiy ashe TeceivfecL t < The mining manager, of -the New Kong Mcng Company yesterday forwarded to the office aii excellent sample of gold, which had. been washed from- three dishes of waabdirt taken from the bore in the south^east'drive. The _r parcel weighed nearly balf-a-penny- Weight^' and contains two or three 1 very nice rough pieces. .--•< v Defendants who appear in the local police courts are 'generally very-civil, or at leastf Beldom make uncalled-for remarks towards the officers; but an instance of a different nature occurred at the City Court yeBterday. Hie case being htiiid was one of Hinpatening behavior, find'the defendant jnatle-several insulting remarks towards the" officers of the. court,"'!wt5ch 'passed tmnotice<l>: until the t cleric of |he fcourtasked protection from the .' Ih the case of AViltiams s Woodward, heard jn_the County Court on Monday, Mr Turner, appeared for the.defendjmfp not Mr : FihlaySon as stated. '••' J. f - <\- * At'the Town Police, "Canit: yesterday a t*i»«r ninMl Michaei-lLenna^rBS charged with assault Accnsed remanded to the 14th instan^' for medical examination. ~ Thomas S*Inentey was fined 6s, in drfault two days' imprisonment' for insulting behavior. ' A tneeting of the Eire-Brigades' Demrm-: s stratum 4Minmiftee waBlield last evening at the boud- iooni,'._ Camp " street; Captain Hmnah-in the chair, . A saJwxHnmittee was appmntedto'tJiOn^ighly prepare the Tunning Mwr Bfta^'gimifl' riwifire teap"«. the (Committee adjoprned -untfl theeaoynd Wednesday in January. The city and town At 'the meeting Of tbe. Ballarat Fire Brigade on.Monday'evening laat, a very ptea&ng; <»reniony *ook place the preeontatiop- to lfa:iBjutowa, wife of the turned (thanks in-rbehalf of his wife, stating hat they ^wwl*^ is^herEtofore, do aU in fiieir power"tp jmuul ahSpHige the members f the brigade, f -' Mr J. K. Bair^~~Bridge street, is now a new sort it material ^or •wMhrng saint. It consists of the oxide of iron taken : rpm the pyrites out of the quartz of "the Llanberris Compajiyl." TQie {utin't wben'made np answers thie prapoSB very well, and is used chiefly for door?, sashes, fingrirnga,&c.; Mr Baird informs us that he use3 a large quantityofit. At the late ordinary and honor examinations , in connection with the Melbourne University, the following past pupils 'of Granville College, Ballarat, won success and honor for themselves:—Mr E. E. EosenHom, first year medicine; Mr A. A. Lynch, second year C.E.J Mr H. A King, thirdyear CJi; the last-named passed in the.shortest possible time. At the subsequent honor examination, Mr Arthur A. Lynch, a son of Mr J. Lynch, Smytheadale, gained the high distinction-of winning the first place of bis year carrying off the engineering exhibition against all competitors. Mr. W. Brown, of Sebastbpot, also an old collegian, on Saturday last received his C.E. certificate, having folly complied with all conditions. A temperance meetingwas held on Monday evening in the Bible Christian schoolroom, Skip ton. street. .The singing and reciting were performed by members of the Alfredton Band of Hope in a most creditable manner. The chair was occupied by the Rev. T. J. Cory. The audience was very large, as usuaL <>. The Bungareeshire Council, at the-conclusion of its monthly meeting yesterday, adjourned for two months. t ' M. Henri Eowalski, the pianist and composer,- has just' written a traise de talon, which he has dedicated to our little looil artiste, Miss Ada "WHletts. The title of the vatet is '"Die Belles of Melbourne." It is a pretty, and interesting production. It is published by Glen ana Co., and its dedication is a graceful compliment paid by M. Eowalski to one of Ballarat's native-born musicians—Miss Ada WiUetts. * The attendance at the Ebdubition on Monday was as follows:—Single ticket, 3047; season ticket holders, 52; miscellaneous, 1861; total, 4960. ' The British Trade Journal" is the name of a publication which we have received from j MrG. W. Wamdey, of 33 Flindera street' west, Melbourne. It is full of matter of considerable interest to all wool growers and wool-dealers, and contains a great-deal of other information of interest to every person engaged in commence and """mfaH^rp An illuminated chart is added, giving thirty years' liiatuiy of the wool trade. Copies of this production, which is published in Liondon, can be obtained on application to Mr Wamaley. A telegraph-office-is -now open for general business at the Iiongwood railway station. We have .received the fifth annual report of the Australian Health Society, as raid at the meeting held in Melbourne on the 24th of-last September. The assault case of Sergeant v the Hon. J. Munro is- postponed (says the Herald) by consent until the 11th January, 1881, in consequence of Mr Monro's unavoidable absence from Victoria. A letter (says the Age) has been received by the Mining Department from Mr George Tansell, of Sandhurst, respecting the nondrainage of his mine. Mr Lansell states that he is unable to proceed with the drainage of his mine in consequence of some repairs being made to the boiler of his engine,' but his machinery will be in working order in about three weeks' time, when he states, he intends that active drainage will be recommenced in his mine. With respect to a statement made that the Kew Chum and Victoria Company and other neighboring companies had at present to do the entire drainage of the line, Mr Lansell states that these companies are now only doing their fair share of the work. At the meeting of the Kxecutive Council on Monday afternoon (says the Arffits), several new country justices were appointed. The necessity of Bome of. these appointments has frequently been urged on the Attorney- General, there being districts on the Murray where men have had to travel twenty miles to get a declaration sworn. Two or three justices were also re-appointed for new districts to which they have removed. ' The rumor as to a robbery of silks, reported in the columns of the Telegraph, turns out to have arisen from the removal of the goods from the sheds by a city firm without a record having been made of the same. The offending officer has, the Telegraph understands, been suspended, pending an inquiry. The Post Office department (says the Argus) are iggning a new 2d stamp, which is, generally, an improvement upon the old one. The pink color has been changed to brown, and the stamp is printed upon better and stouter paper. Shopkeepers and others (remarks' jhe Geelong Advertiser), may be cautioned about the spurious coins of the realm at present in circulation. During the past week a number of counterfeit shillings have been, successfully "put away"- amongst tradesmen and' the general public. On a close examination the shillings, which are dated 1873, will be found made of 3 softened metal which does not produce the ringing sound of the'genuine coin. The spurious shillicgs are easily passed at nighttime. The committee appointed for the purpose of taking steps to erect a memorial to the late Sir Redmond Barry's memory met on Monday afternoon in the Town Hall; Mr D. C. M'Arthur in the chair. One thousand pounds has been collected, and lies at interest, but as much mare is necessary to meet the cost of a statue, the committee (says the Argue) resolved to make a "personal canvass of Melbourne and its suburbs for subscriptions, and to ask the newspaper press of the principal cities and towns of the colony to assist th£m in their endeavors to raise a sufficient fund. The quarterly examinations under the Pharmacy Act have just " been" completed before the board of examiners, Messrs Bosisto (materia medico), Blackett (pharmacy and Latin), and Johnson (chemistry). The following- (says -the "Telegraph) nre- the candidates who passed their preliminary examination:—C. A. Graves, Sale; A- E. Pilley and T. S. Woodfull, Melbourne; George Clark and "Thomas -Gardiner, Sandhurst. At the modified examination of candidates for registration as pharmaceutical chemists, held on the Sth instant, the following were passed: —Joseph Thomas Poock, Melbourne; Walter Fisher, Sandhurst; and Thomas Shanassy, Mount Gainhier. The following telegram (says the Argus) has been received from Mr WT K. Thomson, of J. M'Ewkn and Co., with reference to the recent land sale at Suva, Fiji:—"land sale; big success. All beach frontages sold from £400 to £900 per acre. The Melbourne correspondent erf the Ararat Advertiser writes:—"Although somewhat, late "in the day, I cannot but relate an episode of the late Geelong election, -whpp Mr Berry beat Mr Andrews and Archdeacon Slattery. The Catholic party were so sure of "victory that they had a brass band ¥eady to march down Moorabool street to play the "Dead Mirch' after the declaration of the poll, which Ihey-expected would result in Mr Berry's defeat. But they went further this.- A coffin had; been made,. on which was inscribed Mr Berry's political age and death, wife ofeer interesting particularE, and tins was to bave beeo carried in front of the band and to have been pitched over -into Corio Bay off the pier to appropriate music. Everything was ready when the poll turned out-the wrong way, and Mr Barry's band turned them into ridfeUlev playin" 'Goodbye Charlie' (Charles" Andrews) down the; street. The question sow- is, what has become of the coffin ?" Hie. Education department some time^sinee decided upon holding an _examination in for teachers desirous t>f obtaining certificates of abtfi&y; give.' instruction in - any of the branches; and the first examination (remarks tbe Arrfm) wEl take place oa the X7th and lOth instant,' -in Melbourne and . the'principal towns;in',,the colony. 'The' s examination rs'not. coropnlBQry. but alacge number ofhetehers hare sigmfiediheir btertionof attending. The departmentbafiob-" tained tha asfflstaiaee n e&anun- brs;^ a 'fee undeimer*|rahed gentlemen:—In'physiology, Dr JBIUJQB' Jaznreaoii; in. mechanics and. M Mr jfb. Kirk jyjind tminefcalogyfind f• CefamS Ntwbery; in _ BOI heat,"Mr I". J. PIRANI, M.A»i<jr A movement (says the Age) has been started in Italy, - nnder distinguished 1 C r b ^ H patronage, to fenaa|je for ?tbe'tectum rf a monument in hodoriof the laamdiiviof Victor Emmanuel, the lab' Icing, as the liberator of Italy ami founder jif its nlafy. - Afl artists,, wbefher Italiaji xjr forragn^ pre •invited to compete, and three prizea me o^ed tar the best project*, tbe first £20()0, "i?ie second £1200, mA the ilmtl iSOO. Artiateare left nnttamiudled as to.-conception and style, and ty dnice Of toaEfy..: It is stated that tiie cost consfemction mnst not exceed 9,000,000 lne^£36tyW9). Plans and models must be sent in beforc"the-23rd September, 1881\. : '. ; ^ A bazaar and promenade concert wiO be opened tMs evening st the Rarkly stoet Wesleyan schoolroom, by the"Eev.,W. A Quick, the net pnxseds bong in of the new parsonage fun£. There v3 neither be; lotteries nOr raffles, and the large variety «f useful and ornamental article* are to be marked at the lowest prices. We are requested call -the attention of the Church of Bnglrnd' cbouB to the m- ncmncement that -there-" will be an extra rehearsal on Wednesday- evening ai Christ Church. . At the parade of the Ist BaUazafcBa^en this evening Dr Pinnoct will give a (hart lecture to the men on '' Means for cootroHi^' bleeding' from wounds, Sad application of bandages, ic." '" The Loyal Ballarat and Pioneer Lodges, LO.O.F., -are requested to attend it Rehekah degree meeting this evening, at the Societies' Hall, Grenville street. The quarterly meeting of the Hibernian Society will be held on Thursday eveoiog when members are requested to maiks themselves'financial. The annual tea and publia meeting w31 he held in St. John's schoolroom, Sotdiers' to- morrow (Thursday) evening. - Addn.^.H. will be delivered by the bishop oE Ballarat and other clergymen, and there wSl also be music by the choir. The contents of the ladies' work-basket will be on sale daring the evening. At the close a collection win be made in aid of the church frlnda. The customary a-nnnal races will lake place at the Racecourse hotel, Bungaree, on Boxing Day. Full particulars will be advertised in due course. A meeting of operative bakers wilt be held at the. Buck's Head hotel next Satnrday evening, at eight o'clock. All members of the trade are requested io attend. The annual meeting of the (Sty Eire Brigade will be held atthe brigade station this evening at eight o'clock, to receive the annual report, balance-sheet,: and auditors' report; to elect officers, and transact general The Australian Natives' Association will' meet at Ccaig'a hotel thia evening at eight o'clock. 