THE HAUNTED MAN. HE sat alone. Alone with his own dreary thoughts and gloomy forebodings. Alone and yet not alone. The air was peopled with terrible spectres—grim, ghastly ghosts of the Past rose up like accusing spirits before the haunted man. The Embassy rose up before him and dangled a money bag before his affrighted eyes. There came no jingling of coins from the ghostly bag, for the Black Spectre of the Embassy turned it inside out in vain endeavour to find any of the balance. The ghosts of Black Wednesday, Abcott and Butler, and its other victims—the skeletons of Trade and Commerce—" came like shadows to show his eyes and grieve his heart." The vast Railway Department with its vanishing millions stared him in the face, and all that was left of the Loan—the veriest shadow of a former substance—appeared to bring the pallor to his cheek and the icy chill of fear to his heart. "Avaunt and quit my sight 1" exclaimed the haunted man. '' Nay, never shake thy useless docks at me. Thou can'st not say I dug them." As he spoke there rose out of the surrounding gloom the gaunt spectre of a man holding an immense tar-brush in his hand. With this tar-brush he smeared and plastered the ghostly Railway Department until no portion of it was free from the oppressive taint and smell. "These are the shadows of the Past," exclaimed the Haunted Man, as he shut the spectres out and strove to fix his thoughts and his gaze upon the Future. As the ghosts of the Past melted ink) thin air, the Man became sensible of the presence of two Terrors in the room. They were the Shadowy Terrors of the Future. Gradually they assumed a clearer distinctness, and they closed in, one on either side of the fear-stricken man. This was the Budget, and in its vapoury grasp it held aloft a document which caused the soul of the Haunted Man to quake with fear. This document contained the public money transactions of the past three years. • No, no !" shouted the terrified man. " Anything but that. That Budget will raise again all those terrible, terrible ghosts of the dead past. Embassy, Tar-brush, all the hideous skeletons that I would fain keep hidden away in the cupboard of time, will be torn from their graves and brought into the light, with all their sickening shrouds clinging to their marrowless bones. I cannot face the Budget." He turned from it in agony, and grasped with the wildness of a drowning man at tbe other spectre. Terrible as Dissolution was to him, it was a welcome guest compared to the Budget. The haunted man was between two Terrors, and chose the less terrible. But he was faint and sick at heart, and knew not whither Dissolution would lead him. 