(BY A "LITTLE Bin».") WHAT with one thing and the other, T have not troubled you very often of late, but as you like to hear from me sometimes, perhaps you will once again sit with ine under the green, leaves, aud listen - to my story. As I ? Jiave often stated I'm "füll of, , tales (not feathered"ones), and "- like a peacock, could unfold many a one to your astonished eyes. Here is one of them,-Once upon » time, and a very queer time it was, there was a little town, somewhere or the other, called Cuttleopolis. It was rather prettily situated on the bank of a liver, the only fault being, that the river was not navigable to the town ship in places. Be this as it may, tho rich men of Cuttleopolis had cuttle upon a thousand hills, while the inhabitants of the township started stores, &o.;, and prospered exceedingly; while everything played into their hands, and although living in luther an out of the way place, named their township the pivot, and looked down with pity upon all the other little centres of population scattered around, the residents of which had often a hard struggle to make both ends meet. About this timo there came along a professor of the black art, known as printing, and, assisted by divers of the inhabitants of Cuttleopolis, he' started one of those horrid ideas known as a newspaper, wherein he was assisted for many years by an old resident who was known as the old gentleman, from his once having held a leading position iii the district. As l have stated, these persons und their sheet ruled tho district for some years, and although thc conduct of one partner in the concern was, nt times, rather erm tic, they prospered exceedingly, and looked down upon other little guns and tillers of the soil, who were expected to " touch their lint to tho squire," like little boys do in England when they meet a man great in worldly lidies. Strange to say, however, although the residens of Cuttle opolis considered themselves tho cream of the district, other pinces hud by thi3 timo grown into townships, tho most prominent of which was a placo culled Tirnboropolis, whick was well situated upon a navigable river, in the centre of much rich lund, and bid fair to become a piuco of some noto horeuf ter. At first the fow residents of Timberopolis were careless, and said, let us eat, drink, and be merry, for times were good, seeing that their product, timber, realized them much moneys. But, as in other places, the times changed and thoughtful men came around, und seeing that the land was good, they settled, built houses, and likewise prospered. Then the wiso mon. of Tirnboropolis said, why should Cuttleopolis have all tho good things ? -Why should we be sat upon by our brothers 1 And why should wo not got a printing man, mid have n paper of our own to advocate our rights 1 Instead of being snubbed by tho organ of Cattlopolis, which discources RIOW music, mid laughs ut ull our efforts to udvnnco in life. Straightaway they thon sent ii deputation to a place called Suguropolis--a large town situated somo miles away-and there interviewed a printing man, who was affirmed to be willing to statt a newspaper, and said that he would come.over and see what the prospects were. He came, and at a mooting of the residents of Timber opolis, they luid their troubles before tho newspaper man and stiled how their hopes had been all nipped in the bud by their brothers of Cuttleopolis, oven to tho paper nt that place, which lind pooh-poohed and poked fun at their thom exceedingly, and said, ho wished they moy got itl On hearing their grievances the strange newspaper man said that he would do his best to right their wrongs, whereupon ono hundred of the! leading residents subscribed their names to a document stating that they would assist him to the best of their power for ever and a, day. On his way buck to Sugaropolis, this news paper was interviewed by the residents of Cuttleopolis, who tusked him to start an opposition journnl there, seeing that they ?onsidn»ed their's was not quite the thing, and that the propritttors thereof never kept their promises, but turned out an article which was not up . to the murk. But tho , strange newspaper man declined, and when on his way back tb sturt tho new venture, the leading residents of Gittleopolis said, that he was a lunatic to'start a paper in Timber opolis, which would never be a place of any importance, and that his journal .would not last three months j und when his modest little sheet, known as tho "Twinkle Twinkle," caine out they laughed at it, ; while the newspaper men of Cuttleopolis were very wroth,, and said that they would mako him bite the dust. And they forthwith mudo largo reductions in their prices, and otherwise acted in n strange manner. I must here tell you that when this new printing man left Sugar-' op] is, thc residents of that prosperous township also laughed ut him, and said-Why go you forth to bury yoursolf in tho wilderness, when you'ean live here in a placo'flowing with milk and honey ,but strange to .«my, nftor u timo, many of tho residents of Sugaropolis followed after him , and 1 prospered exceedingly, well, while Timberopolis emerged from the shades of sleepy, hollo w, anil becoming a place of note, being mario a municipality, soon bid fair to put Cuttleopolis in tho -sliurlo ; in fact, Cuttle opolis had to follow in tho wake of Timberop olis and become incorporated, and boast of a real live Mayor and Aldermen, &c.; But to return ; for tho first your or two the resillen ts of Timberopolis were vury thankful to tho newspaper luau for the changos for the hotter brought about, seeing that Hftor him carno Government olliuials, luwyem, doctors, store keepers, publicans, and sinners, und such like; but then, nias, immy of them became dissatis fied saying, that this p.ipur hus brought too miiny'peoplo about to compose, with us ; while others, not well to do, said, why did. we not sturt u poper, ourselves, us the thing is easy to do, and this printing.-mau is waxing rich arid prospering. I may tell yon that this newspaper man wus of quiet business habits; keeping himself very in null to himself, and hud strange notions of developing the indus trial ' resources of the district, HI.J iutrodueud new plants und seeds, besidcu enlarging his ju».T a..J g!v!n¿ a suv winy thbig-, that many Mid die mau will c.nue to ruin, and serve bim right for being too fast. Somehow or the other, however, he held on bia way, while it was a ta tod that ha worked like a nigger, and stopped in bis office from early morn till late lute at uiglit ; while many whispers that bis ghost was seen around the office, on Sundays, and holidays. But he did not seem to prosper overmuch, and he looked haggard and careworn as few people ever paid him ; while as to bis dress, people said we expected to see a one clothed in purple and fine linen, and here we have a man who is like unto one of us. I may state, however, that owing to divers causes, the newspaper men at Cattlenpoli« had come to grief, and the journal of that town passing into strange hands the newspaper men of that town were obliged to'seek groan fields and pastutes new. They then put their bends together aud said, " Look at this man of the 'Twinkle, Twinkle,* leo us go over and spoil his little game," and making a shake up in the hut, and promising to turn over a "lew leaf and do better for the future/ they forthwith left Cattleopolis and settled at Timberopolis, saying to the inhabi tanta thereof, " We always believed you would be great ; the laud is good, and we. are come to settle amongst you, let us forget and forgive. Gathering together the discontented and jealous spirits of Timberopolis around them, they forthwith started another paper, whose sole object was to attack the "Twinkle, Twinkle," on all occasions, and by . every means bring it iuto disrepute. In which effort they were seconded by the Cattleopolis journal, who, as befitted au exponent of the rights of that township was interested in keeping things as they were,'.the more eapccially as the newspaper man known* ns the old gentleman had both newspapers under his control-seeing that ho was a writing man, and able to tench ' them how to suck eggs, although not' much, gifted with tho powers of speech. As I have stated/ the motto of the strange newspaper man of Timberopolis vvas "onward, forward," and while tho other journals took things as they were, and let the voice of tho public lead them, he was always in advance of the times, and kept things moving in a manner highly disagreeable to the old residents, who said, out upon this man with his new fangled notions, who is always' finding fault with things as they are; They forthwith formed themselves into a club known as the slow coaches, aud putting some moneys together, they . resolved to run the strange newspaper man out of the field ; und an opportunity soon presented itself. I may . tell you that the pprson known as the old gentleman had by this time got into a leading position in the Parliament of that place, the work of which was always in arrears and the politicians of which were content, year after year, to carry on a system of patch-work legislation utterly unfit to meet the requirements of .tho times they lived in. Be this as ' it may, as the short political career of the old gentleman had not been distinguished by much eloquence.or activity, and us he had nearly let several, matters slide in the hurry of business, tho editor of the " Twinkle, Twinkle," said that he thought new blood could be obtained, and also questioned the vitality; of the Ministry that presided over the destinies of that Colony. You should have seen the ruction that fol lowed, there was a roll up of all the " isms " with which the towns of Cattleopolis and Timberopolis were by this time filled, and hiding themselves behind the shield of tho old gentleman, the rival ' newspapers tried to improve their positions and advance their circulation by putting tho foot of their idol on their necks and belching forth thecoucontrated hate of yeai's, and otherwise making it hot for tho unfortunate strange newspaper man who, in defence, said, that he was advocating the ' greatest good to the greatest number, and that he would not be ruled by a clique, which had kept the district in a backward . 'state. Strange to sny, as many of tho residents of Timberopolis and elsewhere were cunning men and never showed their cards except to play ou the winning side, the strange news paper man stood almost alone in his conflict with the non-progressionists, tho consequence was that everything being cut and dried, tho so called meetings os tho electors were bolo and corner affairs, great caro being taken not to advertise in the " Twinkle, Twinkle," or pnt any disagreeable questions to tho old gentleman (such us to his views upon roads and bridges, ike), calculated to hurt his feelings. Of course ho went in at the head of the-well there was no pol?, no nothing/just a walk over, when ^everything relapsed into its usual languid state, while promises made by tlie Government wera never carried out. Meantime it wont hard with the strange newspaper man, ns the.clique went, for him, hot and strong, standing at nothing to gain their ends, and ruled the district for a timo, and any person who da rei! to open is month to speak against the stateof things wasfoi-thwith burked i while the opposition Press always sang loud peans in praise of the old gentleman, who laughed in his sleeves at the muss around him. Strange to say, how ever, even this state of things came to an end, ns like flies in the treacle pot, people got tired of too much sweetness and empty promises, while as the Ministry wont out, and nothing was done, even the clique began to pull their idol to pieces and quarrel amongst themselves, and got jealous of each other ; while many then said tho , strange newspaper manwas right after all, only: ho was too far ahead of tho times. Tho moral to be deducted from the above, my dear children, is never to kick aguinst the pricks, but take things ns they are, and bo truly tliankful for what y où receive ; and above all, nuver place your trust in Princes, or the gratitude of'tho public at large towards a well meaning newspaper men. ' v "'"' ' ' 