SOUTH AUSTRALIA Adelaide, 9th December. At the criminal sittings to-day, Mary Ann, Ford pleaded not guilty to the charge of of murdering her female child, but guilty to the charge of cotceahtiui tn t f hi rth. The latter plea was accepted. 1anll the Chiet .Justice taking mitigatiii crcu'nstratties iritto consideration, selltelnced tlle piris ,ier to six Sttonuths' itapiti3oume::.. A good deal of excitement has lately been caused in Io-bart Town 'by a mysterin''s anid ghostly forn that kept appearing from time to time in lonely places, frightening women out of their senses.. On one occasion it attempted to rthrow a hanrlkerchief over the faice of a young girl who was walking ou,. aJloie in the evening. A Hobart telegram in tihe Lawt?aesio;U. k'a)ne:e, s :ayrs The f host. mystery has been t.le ex(:irt'lent of to-day (3rd December): It appears., that lets.een cno or two o'clock this morning three con stables who were iln Salamancea place. near the oldSt. David's Cemetery, noticed a mani standing in the middle of the rsoe', and ,a white figure similiar to that which others have seen, ani, which. has, been caledl the ghost,, on the foothpathl. The to?tt who turned out to lie Thomas Nevin, the town hall keeper, was arrested, and two of the constables cliased the ghost, who was fleet footed, but would have been captured only one of the constables, fell. This afternoon the police cotumittee heli an inquiry into tlhe matter. Their proceedisg lasted five hours. and a nunberi of witnesses was examined with a view of elucidating the mystery. 'I lhe result of their deliberations.was that Nevin was held to be to blame but the faicts add uced were rno.t sufficiently strong to warrant his being prosecuted. It has not been ascer tuained who the iodividual is who had, been acting the part of the ghost, bu.t there is reason to hope that lih will soon he detected The young roughs, Peter BIhlian,, JohnI Ryan, Richard Bryant andil Henry ''arne, who stuck up. Mls. Week's hotel, at the 1corner of Leicester and Eslizabeth stree's, I Carlton on last Saturday night were birught before the City Bench yesterday and charged with the offence. Cornstable R.. Love proved that the prisonlers were il lpossesion of the hotel ana hiehaving in the most ourageous manner. On Constable Love and Hanlion entering the pretnises they were t·hreatoned with violence, and closed the doors to keep the cro.wd of lat?ikins outside fr;,si attacking them. The B.nch sentencedol Bhien to six nontid.hs impriso,imerit, with h trd labor. on the clhar go ofs ealing it botle of porter fromi Mr's Weks. Ryaa: received a sontnce if' 4ix Ix tionthse' imnprisoatlrpo?r,- with lar labore, on the samin offence, was fineI1 £:I0 or three illlrtlIS, ffor using threatening lIg guago 'o Constable Lpve, and £'i'0, or throe mlonths on a clhargtf0 of ilsullilt, heIhaviour, as we 1I as being fined £5 with 5scosts or two riuouthe for damlnaging the cab he wtds brought ill.. Henry \Warne ws e discharged as the evi dence against him was by no means s:rong..I 'lTh fines ?i ra not paid, and the pri ouners were r'emloved to ga ',, The following ease ,, snake bite. is re corded, by the Benallht Shtdarld ::--- On. Saturlday morn ri htlast, a young ?,otan-r. AMiss Yeotanusl--staying at Mr. Rogers, IBoweya,.was bitten b; a snake. Mr. and Mirs. Roioers had.just started for Blenallr to see the cricket nmatch, when the young woman nameod had her attention directed to the s'able, where the dog and poultry were mahiug a somewhiat unusual noiseo. (n pi?o- i ceeding thithier she discovoredl the cause of" the disturbance, ia the shape of a snake--: one of the black species-about 5 fee: in length. The dnog (a pet aimuial, havini been broughlt from home with the family) was barking furiously at the reptile, and on deavoring to seize it; but Miss Yo:omens, fearing the . uit, courageou.s:ly at eimllpted to draw the caniue pet away, atlul in d,,ing so.was herself set upon by his. snakeship, who instantly coiled around her arm arind waist, and bit her on the. left arm. Even then tlhe young persoa did not lose her presence of Itild ; she clutched the snakle, disengaged it fromn her person, and thlrew, it soime distane away from her. 'She tied a ligature above tho infected part, and then there being nobody else at home but herself walkod to a neighbor's, about halfa mile di ut, fr assistanOce.., At this pIaceO there were three or four men, each of whom was unable or unwilling to cut the punctured flesh out; so the poorwomau hart to do it. in her own way. She scceeded in ' hack ing' her arm to some extent, and :then ap plied ammonia to the part. She also swallowed some brandy, which by-good luck was at hand. Mr. hogers was overtaken, and returned to his friend's assistance;. horses were provided ind, then the two hast oned into Beonalla for assistance. They ar rived in town, after riding about seventeen miles, which distance, was travelled in about. an hour and a half, The sufferer dismounted at the door of Mr. Mb'Burney's shop in a half fainting condition, but was soon revived. Dr. Nicholson u as immediately sent for, and the young; woman was properly at ended to; so that she was enabled to proceed homeward in a healthy conditicn on Sunday." £1 Fasr GIFTs !--The proprietors of WOi,rE's. AltO.MATIC SCIIIEiDAMI Cl SCrAI'I'S, t induce the de strucation and prevent tile improper use of the. wrappers and labels, and thus ;further protect tlhe Public against fraud and decet lion, have inclosed in the wrappers or under the labels on the quart. bottles, since 1st October, 1878,. and continue to.. incloso L EVYEIt DAY'S I'ACKINO' TIIIROUGIIOUT THlE. YEA, 1' H It E E £1 0 R 1) E It8, which. are drawn upon the. undersigned and which willbe \- cashed by them on: presentation. '1'o secure these Gifts, the Public must be careful to ask for, and accept nothing but the GENUINE T:niotro, Wiol.r'aE's. ScuN?reaP s, with our nore upon the top label 1M. Moss & Co., Wynyard L:rne,3 ydney. AIVCF TO nTorThrrS? !-Arq you, broken in your rest by a suffering clhild with the pain of cutting feeth ? Go as o ce teoa chemist and get a bottle of MI.us. Wissi.mw's S OTHIurst SYIUP. It is pi fectly harmless lald pleasant ill: Staste, it produces naltlurral quliet steep, ly relieving the child \- from pain, sard the litt:le cheruib aw.lkes "s Ilriglt ras a button." It soothes the child, itbsoftens the grnts, alhtvs all pai e ind,liev , regates tihe l owels, :urd is the. best known remedy for dysentery aid diarrhba, whether I rising, from teethilng or other causes. Mr:s. WINSLOW'S 1 SooTHIrl Sc':o is sold=by MIediciue dealers everywhere at. i ls. Id. per lottle. SE:eNSIBLn ADVICE.--'OU are asked every day througi, the. f columnis of newspapers and by your druggist to use snlle thing for your Dyspepsin and y' ,u Liver compupilt that you kow nothing about. You get discouraged sipnding money a witih but little success. 'Now t give y'u a saintsfietory proof that Green's August Flower;will cure y ui of Dyspep. sia and Liver compla:int, with all its effects, sucu asr sour 8 stomach, sick heaa.hiche, habitual costiveness., palpitation of the heart, heartbuni, waterbrass, fullness at the pit; of I,. s5airtch, yellowv skin, coated tongue, iu.ligestion, srrinruing aof the bead, low spirits, &e.;, wre ask yclhto go to Vour dru,,ist and get it Simple bottle of Green's Au-gust Flower Sfor 9di. nud try it, orI ar re'ularr size for I. 'tiTwo dloses will relieve you. A,11 Chemists. Wholesale agents--Rocke, STiromspitt anrd Co., 3Melbourne. LORI.LIr E !-FoR TIE TEETH AhND BREuTHu.-A few drops of theliglid "'Ylorihne " sprinkled ol : wet tooth-brushi produces a pleasaunt lather, which thorourhly cle:nses the teethl from all parasites or impurities, hlu'rlers the gums, prevents tartar, sttops decay, g've to tire teeth a peculiaru pearly vwhiteuess,anl ardelihtful fragr.r nce to thle ibrcatling. ft removes all unpler;sanut o,dour a:rising fro sr dIecayved teeth or tobacco sipokle.. "-The Frnlgra.nt Floriline." I.irrng corn Slposed in part- of Hpney arid sweet herbs, is delicious to fthe talste. alr trhe greatest toilet liscovery of tile ago. Price 's. ;id.,.of all Chemists and Perfnurers,. Whoics.lc. 0 depotremroved.to;;i, Farringdon road, Loend Il. i alxuIt:ED)ISovent r rCl THiE H.?ir.-If yonr hair is Stur.inug g:ey or, white, or fal!iing ofi, use " TLhe Mexican ' Hair Renewer," for it will lpsitirvely restore in every case tacey or White ltinr to its origii1 colour', without leavinug I le sd'l .'reaible saell of Illost " R'estorers." It lrankers t;e t,: ,-r e h;atningtly ellltiful, as well as pro0Oiring the growthof the hair on bald spots, where gh.tuds are not. d'rca'ed. Ask, your Cheimist for "'l'Ih atfexil;ri Hair renewer." sohLty C hliri;es ;-- :l1,erfmlutr: ?vri ery)-gler' il: * lil..lper bottle. Whocsaltl depot reu,,vrc: to :tI, .arri"g:4 dcn r'c.ld, Lounion. 