Sydney Stock Market, [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] February 5. Messrs. GRIFFTTHS and WEAVER report that for the week ended February 5,1800 head were yarded ; primest sold'at £7 6s., a draft of 150 realising £6 5s. ; good bullocks, £4 to ££¡. 15.001» Bheep formed the week's supply, and on Monday prime wedders sold at 9s. to 10s.; good, 7s. to 8s. On Thursday prices were Is, lower. The Hudson Surprise Party repeated the programme of the previous evening at the Queeneland Theatre last night. Owing no doubt to the unpleasant weather, the audience was small but the programme was faithfully carried out and those who were present seemed to enjoy the performance thoroughly. To-night will be tne lMt iwxuA pamme wUl.be presented, as there will be an entire change to mqrbw evening. , ; Thb "Conjugal LeBson" and Amphibio «ere again wp*átód'¿t the Bjjou Theatre last night. On Monday .evening the ^political Bkit «The Happy Land,""which was recently inter- dieted in Melbourne/and which has consequently attained considerable notoriety, will be placed on the boards, in conjunction with the burlesque now being played at this theatre. However contemptuously the enlightened scepticism of middle age may look down on the intuitive faith of childhood and youth, it is nevertheless a fact that a more mature age still ¡a often fain to hark back to the early credulity M the safer thing after alL Those who have ex- perienced it will tell you there is nothing in life half so sweet as coming back to the old stories, and once more drinking them in unquestion ¡ugly. Take the storyi of Pubs in Boots for instance. We remember a time when a doubt cast on the authenticity of those ' boots would have shaken the foundations of our being. Men followed a period of supposed enlightenment but really oí painful darkness, when experience repudiated the boots, and1 swung the cat back umid the dead dogmas of the past. But, thanks to Mr. Joshua Bailey, we now in our advanced aga fiad the old tale once more invested with probability, and that .our I ohildhood Was not wrong in believing that cats may speak and act £n all respects like human beings. "My opponent who represents the Nortn Ward," said Mr. J. Bailey, at the recent municipal nomina- tion, "ia a cat!" Delightfully easy, however, as we find it to return to the old.credulities, such a statement as this was absolutely necessary to prepare therway,for the still more astounding one that Mr. Bailey himself is doing his utmost to reach the status of a monkey. " If,'' says he, "I am returned, I will be the monkey." Darwinism certainly allows of what' are called reverted types, but we .are sure that Darwin himself has never conceived the idea of volun- tary reversion in the case ¿of the individual. Here it is, though, believe.it or .not as he may "I will be the monkey." The declaration of this intended reversion has not prevented his feline opponent from being the poll- cat of the North Ward, and has sect him down at onoe'i tói the catacombs of obscurity.', If our I municipal affairs are to be managed by the lower animais, we really don't see much to choose between cats and monkeys; Probably, however, !Mr. Byram and his friends will Bay that- in the.case of Mr. Bailey there would be no reversion at)all. They will probably say "that Mr. Bailey is looking farther forward than he needs to do, in' repre- senting hu) monkeyhoodias.contingent on any future event whatever. They will probably urge that a monkey.would bemone the less a monkey even though it should fail to reach the ape-ex of its ambition. T Yfe don't exactly "say this our selves, you'know. That would be rather beneath our style. We merely say that Byram and the ByrnmiteB might gay it-"Specialities," in the Queenslander. THE Gympie Times of February 4 says:-"A fatal accident occurred yesterday morning in No. 7 south Lady Mary, at the time that the day shift were going on to work, to a miner, named James Vivian, On interviewing his two mates—E. Stanley and J. Tattersall, who were with him at the time the accident happened— we learned the following particulars with regard to the sad affair :—The three were descending the western shaft together by the ladder-way on the underlie of the New Caladenia reef, to pro- ceed to work at the 80ft. level. Stanley was in advance, and had just stepped on to the cross- piece, or sleeper, into the level, and turned round and was holding a candle to show a light to Vivian, who followed him—although there was no necessity for this, as there was sufficient daylight in the shaft at that depth to see. Vivian stepped off the ladder on to a prop in the centre of the shaft, and not, as was usual, upon the sleeper upon which, the skids are fastened. He seemed to hesitate for a second ; then ap- parently losing, his balance, or his foot slip- ping—for the whole affair happened so sud- denly, it would perhaps be impossible to say which—he fell, making a vain attempt to grasp the foot or trousers of Tattersall, who was just behind him. On the men descending to the bottom of the shaft, a further distance of 120ft, the poor fellow was found lying on the well- boards, one of which was displaced by the violence of his fall. Tattersall states that in endeavoring to raise him, to ascertain what injuries he had received, his chest heaved twice, after which he ceased to breathe. The injuries received were frightful, the whole of one side of the skull being completely smashed, one arm broken, besides other serious wounds. His re- mains were as quickly as possible brought to the surface, and then removed to the hospital, as he had no relatives or home of his own on Gympie. Deceased, who was only twenty-two years of age, is said to have been a very steady, sober young man, his mates and all who had made his acquaintance speaking af him in terms of the highest praise. He was a native of Cornwall, and was a late arrival in the colony, having come out in June last. As soon as the accident became known all work in connection with the mine, except what was absolutely necessary, was stopped. A Loudon critic dissects rather mercilessly the New South Wales Exhibition cantata. He BayB -"The poem or cantata sung at the opening of the Sydney Exhibition appears to be regarded in Australia as a most promising-token of the higher poetic genius to be expected shortly at the antipodes. Accepting it as such, time will' not be wasted in considering briefly this effusion. It begins with the remark that at a season when' Orion ' doth sat a shining foot on hills of wind and wet,' and ' in the calm" is heard September's wing,' it ia the time tojnvoke Calliope. »In spite of the fact, lengthily explained, that modern Australia should < not with propriety be confounded with ancient Greece, 'the poet thinks that his ' goddess ' must 'be tempted to descend to 'dells of peace, the hills of morning, and the slopes of noon.' If these curiosities fail to excite her, 'pondering mountains,' ' lute-like leaves,' and other wonders of nature must be irresistible. But if, after all, the maid should prove unwilling, it is hinted that Australia will not stand any shilly- shally. Euterpe may not be bo obstinate, and her poem will suffice to produce . the light that swims upon the light of things.' Still, Calliope would be more grateful to the Sydney exhibitors as a body, and the author declares that if she will give him but one hour of her society, he will leave a song whose lonely rays may Bhine here- after from these songless days.' Dropping this question unresolved,^ to the bewilderment of those who would like to have it settled which of these august dames is now visit 'ag the exhibition, our poet briefly immor 1e3 those discoveries of Australia whoBe "al idiosyncracies have never been revealed till now. Ifc appears that 'in a dream ot fear Cathay saw darkness dwelling half the year; the rapt Venetian and the audacious , aul ww something else, uncertain what, when m a later dawn, by shipless waves, the tender ¿wseB found forgotten graves.' After awhile, foil BiionS» broad shadows of the Saxon train' of P c°untry. This, as applying to the dayB ' Captain Cook, might almost be suspected as ^anachronism. The poet asks, with a natural .wi, wlu'ch a11 h¡s readers must understand, blnV re «ara the vaUeya °f the flashing wing, the obi ? Apri1' the Groves of birds,' and other Pim, . common m a younger and brighter age ? ¡rsuing this enquiry he demands-of Calliope, ~!,;upP°Be-where are ' the ghosts of fire m im kTI ?,aI hlUa>the whittled tree by folded way far *v? 'the caU of Uld thafc hides" in holl°ws yi where feet of thunder, wings of winter, are V ffien,16^6' much that Bpace forbids more com 01 uP°u this BUggestive work." 