ACADEMY OF MUSIC. “Susan Hopley ; or, the Vicissitudesin the Life of a Servant Girl," was the lengthy title of the play presented to a fair attendance of auditors in the Academy of Music on Wednes- day evening; The subject of the drama could, not be regarded as a'highly interesting oes . were it not for a'certain mystery that envelopes the scene, of cuisine operations, a place gece> rally associated in the mind with the odour of stale cabbage and black beetles, . However, so far from being a drama founded on the lines of the comedy “High Life Below Stairs,” it proved to be a play of the tragi-romantic school, and the fair Susan as far removed from an ordinary kitchen maid as chalk from cheese. Hiss Hopley had • two lovers, one romantic and choice in his language, the other “ comming," with a tendency to carrots and costermpngery. She sees ' visions—one of the ghost of bar brother in cords and top boots, who is stabbed in a very realistic manner by visionary villains, who set about their business in a very practical manner. It appears that what Susan saw in her vision had actually, occurred, -and - thus "with two lovers and a murder Miaa Hopley settles down pretty com fortably for two ants of emotion andq virtuous. sentiment. By some error this j .drama was billed in the newspapers as a “ great comic drama in three acts,” bat it was in tended to be serious,'.although some deluded people would persist in laughing in tbs wrung place, and.soma said it was very fubny.; B. iwsuld.be bettor to hs decided on this point in ‘future, so that the audience may not look at things in a .wrong light. As. Susan Hopj?/i: Miss Willis played" a part far.from equal w point of merit to the talents of the actress; but such as it was, she played it well. Miss Kate . Ternon' assumed- the character of Fanny .-Wentworth, and did it full justice. Messrs Kyan, Keogh, Huntley, and Barry played their .parts in the drama Svith discretion andeffect. ■ t „ To- night will bo presented the charming/ drama entitled “ Flowers of the Forest," when ‘with the number of, country visitors in.tho city the management should .'hays a good ; house. On Ilonday evening the beafc_ pro gramme,. from an artistic and legiliost*:,. ■pointof-view; presented to a Ballsrat andionos. sines , ths Marian ;Willii season commenced will fie - presented on the occasion of the benefit i of that’pleasant lady tnd thorough. Jfviw Tfilliii. 