AMERICA. FIRST PROVINCIAL COUNCIL IN PHILADELPHIA. (From the Philadelphia Catholic Standard.) The most important event in the history of the Church in the State of Pennsjrlvania since the erection of Philadelphia into a Metropolitan See over five years ago, was the solemn opening on Sunday, May 23, of the first Council over held in this province. This event has, of course, been long premedi tated. But the peculiar circumstances in which the Church is placed in this country prevent the canon law from being carried out in its strict literal sense, and the best has, accordingly, to be made of the opportunities at hand. The present Council has, there fore, been necessarily in contemplation and the preparations for it carefully and steadily made. The arrangements being at last com pleted, his Grace the Most Rev. Archbishop Wood felt himself in a position to give pub licity to his plans ; and, accordingly, while addressing the congregation at the Cathedral j on last Easter Sunday, he announced the in tention of holding the First Provincial Coun cil of Philadelphia and the date at which it was to be convened. The suffragan bishops of the province ar rived in this city, accompanied by their theo logians. The Bishops' names and the dioceses are — Right Revs. William O'Hara, D.D., of Scranton ; Jeremiah F. Shanahan, D.D., of Harrisburg; Tobias Mullen, of Erie, and John Tuigg, of Pittsburg and Alleghany City. Shortly before ten o'clock on Sunday morning the bishops and the members of the regular clergy assembled in the cathedral, where they took the places assigned them as most convenient for the formation of the pro cession, for which the groups were classified as follows Officials of the Council, theo logians of the Council, priests in vestments, priests in surplice, seminaries in surplice, sanctuary_ boys, &c.; The Archbishop, accompanied by those who were to assist him in the celebration of the mass, and the bishops occupied the sanctuary. The preparations having been completed, the long, solemn, and magnificently imposing procession began to move about 10.15 a.m. Emerging from the chapel into Summer street, it slowly wended its way thence along the west side of Eighteenth-street, entered the Cathedral by the middle door and pro ceeded up the middle aisle to the sanctuary. After the procession had been got through with, the Bishops, and the officials and^theo logians of the Council, and other dignitaries occupied the sanctuary, while a long line of seats just outside it, extending from one side of the sacred edifice to the other, was occupied by the priests. At an early hour a crowd began to assemble in Eighteenth-street, but the space directly in front of the Cathedral was kept compara tively clear by a rope extending across the street, and removed only for the passage of the cars. By the time the procession entered the church the throng was enormous, and when the rope was removed, those desiring to enter the sacred edifice found that they could accomplish their object but slowly and with considerable inconvenience. It can be readily imagined, however, that it was not long in being filled up with one of the largest congregations that has been seen there for a considerable time past. And a more edifying assemblage could not be observed, for though the crowd was dense and the heat, almost oppressive, yet none showed signs of uneasi ness, except perhaps those who were com pelled to go away because there was no room for them — and these numbered very many. The demeanour of the vast crowd in the street was most respectful, all the men un covering and bowing as the sacred procession moved into the Cathedral. During the procession appropriate Psalms & c., were chanted by the processionists, and upon their entrance into the church the notes of Mendelssohn's ' Lauda Sion' were heard from the choir. The Archbishop and the other sacred ministers being vested for the Mass, its celebration was begun. The Mass celebrated was that of the Holy Ghost, and the vest ments worn were, in consequence, red. Mass being over, the Right Rev. Bishop Shanahan ascended the pulpit and delivered a magnificent discourse upon ' The Church as the Teacher of mankind.' Though he spoke for well nigh an hour and a quarter, yet the people remained intensly interested until the end, notwithstanding the incon venience they must by this time have suffered from the heat. The roll of officers and members of the Council was then read by the Rev. Dr. Hortsmann, each answering as the names were called. Bishop O'Hara, addressing the Metropoli tan, said : ' Most Illustrious Sir, I beseech you that the decrees of tho Holy Council of Trent regarding the profession of faith and residence be read.' With the assent of the Bishops the decrees were then read. At this tho four suffragan Bishops advanced to the lowest step of the altar, and on bended knees simultaneously recited the Profession of Faith as in the Roman Pontifical. After a saluta tion to his Grace thoy retired to their places. The solemn Pontifical blessing was then given by Archbishop Wood, after which a procession of the ecclesiastics was formed, in the came order as that in which they made their entrance, and filing into tho centre aisle proceeded to the sacristy, disappearing with in the door. At half past four o'clock in the afternoon Bishop Tuigg, of Pittsburgh, celebrated Solemn Vespers, the other prelates and the inferior clergy occupying a position in the sanctuary. The music was rendered by the same choir as in the morning, and was of a brilliant character. The labours of the Council, which will re main secret until they receive official publica tion alter being approved at Rome, were begun in the old seminary building, south of the Cathedral, at nine o'clock on Monday morning and resumed in the same place at the same hour on Tuesday morning. The questions to be discussed are thirty-six in number, nine in Dogmatic Theology . and Canon Law, nine in Liturgy, and nine regard ing the temporal affairs of the Church. A Congregation has charge of each class of questions. 