St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne I THE ceremony of placing in ita position the memorial Btone of tho now Cathedral of St. Paul's, whioh is to bo ereoted in Swanston-straet, was performed on Tuesday afternoon, by his Excellency the Governor, with the accompaniment of the appropriate services proscribed in the ritual of the Church of England. When the proceedings had commenced tho public were admitted, about 5000 persons surrounding tho site, and tho positions of advantage offered by tho neighbouring housos wore availed of by many moro who wore enabled to view tho coromony. Tho clergy of tho Church of England was numerously repre sentad ; sovoral of the studonts at Trinity Collogo wore present in academical robos, and the scholars of the seminaries of the church musterod in considerable foroo. Tho mayor and aldorrnon and councillors of Molbourno were accorded a special portion of tho re served accommodation opposite the dais, upon whioh the Governor, the Bishop, the Dean, tho members of the counoilbf tho diooose, and some of the losding lay adherents were stationed, and other ladies and gentlemen wore seated in oloso proximity. A large choir, whioh represented the united strenerth of the churches in and around Melbourne, rendered tho musical portion of the service under the direotion of tho Hov. Dr. Torrance, tho Dean reciting the prayers. On the scroll was endorsed the following :-" Ad Snmmi Dei, gloriam et honorem. Ad Pilii ejus mortem et resnrrcotionem usque dum redeat. Per petua memoria prosequondum et ad fidom semel sanctus traditam consorvan^um. _ Huno . lapidern angularum Eoclosire (Jathedralis _ in Urb o Molburnensi. Sub Beati Pauli anspioiis. Posuit vir optimus Dominus do Normanby, G.C.M.G., circumstantibus. Jaoobo Moor house, S. T. P. episoope. Gnliolmo Poster Stawell, armígero, justiciarlo principals Hussey Burgh Macartney, decano. Neonon ot cloro populoquo Dio Aprilis tertio .deoimo, A.D.n MDCCCLXXX. Adsit Deus propitius et odifioando operi usque ad oxitum faviat." Thosoroll was read by Dr. Hearn, Chancellor of tho diocese. | His Excellency was presented with a H.W. GRAVES, ESQ., REPRESEN TAT IVE 03? THE, FIRM 0Fa REED V AND BARTON J: silver trowel suitably inscribed, and the mortar having been laid the stone was lowered into its posi tion. When tested and found to be truly laid, his Excellency tapped it with a mallet and in doing so bo said:-"I lay this foundation stone of a Cathedral Churoh, to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, and to be called by the name of tho Holy Apostle St. Paul, in tho name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After further engagement in prayer, and .tho ohanting of psalms, and during tho collection of offerings, his Excellency delivered a brief but apt speeoh. Ho was followed by Dr. Moorhouse, bishop of the diocese of Melbourne, who delivered an elo quent address, full of good feeling and praotioal Christianity. THE BUILDING. Since the design was originally received from Mr. Butterfield, 'of London, the situation of the cathe dral building has undergone an alteration. It was at first proposed for the structure to occupy the present Bite of St. Paul's Churoh and parsonage, and to leave tho schools untouched. Subsequently it was deemed advisable to have the building parallel with Swaneton-street, or nearly north and south, aa that gave greater length to tho site, and allowed for additional extensions if these were in time found to be necessary. Orientation has thus been ab^ndoned, but in describing tho proposed cathedral it will be more convenient, perhaps, to retain the east and west positions. The extreme external length of the building1 when completed will be 273ft, and its extreme width 126ft. The eastern end will approach to within 18ft of Flinders-lane, but, as tho sill of tho chancel window will be elevated 45ft abovo tho pavement, its oloso proximity to tho street will not bo objectionable. The general plan of tho building ia an irregular oross. Tho south transept will scarcely projeot at all beyond tho line of the aisles, but the north tran sept will be constructed much deeper to accommo date the organ. The internal dimensions will be as under :- Nave and aisles, from tho wost door to the piers of central , tower, 164ft by G5ft ; north transept, 35ft by 21ft; south transept, 35ft by 29ft ; central tower, 43ft by 43ft; and chancel, 48ft by 37ft, making tho totaL length of the ohoir 91ft. Thero will be threo main entrances, the principal being from Flin ders- street by tho central door ; the other two will be by means of doorways under eaoh of the western towers. It is not proposed to have the central doorway open on general occasions, as it would expose too directly tho interior to the street. The floor of the nave and aisles will be raised several steps above tho Btreet, and from tho floor of tho nave to that of tho altar will bo tho usual ascent of seven steps. The piers of tho navo will be clustered columna, with somewhat depressed pointed arohos to carry the clerestory walls. Tho great central tower will be oarriod by four massive piers with clustered shafts, and be open to tho interior for a height of 100ft., at whioh level a panollod wood ceiling will bo placed. At a height of 70ft from the floor there will be a stone gallery all round, with an iron railing. Tho roofs of nave and ohancel will be constructed aliko, and oarriod by principals, withiourved ribs springing from the capa of polished granite oorbel-shafts. Tho ceiling will be cradled in a polygonal form, with moulded ribs, and have a total height of 75ft in the clear. The aisle roofs will bo of the usual lean-to section, but of a slightly flatter pitoh than that of tho nave. _ The building is dosigned externally in the decora tive style of Gothic. The principal features will bo the two western towers and tho great central tower and spire. Tho two former will have . gabled roofs, with orossos roaohing to an extreme height of 130ft from tho ground. Betweon these western towers will be the largo central doorway, and over this a five-light traoeried window, the upper part of tho oentral gable being filled with blank aiaadiug, with a cusped vesica in the centre, \- ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL, MELBOURNE. nolosing a cross in alto relievo. This vosioa ' form, it may be mentioned here, is need fre . quently throughout tho designs. It is introdnoed in the oontro of the reredos tracery, and the windows of the south transept aro of tho same form. Tho spandrilB over door and window, and the gables of the western towers will bo richly diapored. Tho total height of tho nave and chancel root'B will bo 93ft from tho surf noe of tho ground ; the transept roofs will be several feet lower. Tho great central tower will rise from the intersection of the nave, ohanoel, and transopt roofs. It will be square, 43ft by 43ft (oxternal dimensions), until it reaches above the ridge of the nave roof, when it will be reduced by a broach to an irregular octagon, leaving the four principal aides about double tho width of the broached sides. Each face on tho design is filled with geometric tracery, that in tho four prinoipal faces being oponod and louvred, and that on tho othor four faces blanks. At a height of 153ft from tho ground thero will epring from this towor an ootagonal stone spiro, roaohing to the vano to a height of about 275ft. This spiro wiil be onriohed by escalloped bands at intervals throughout its height, and will bo sur mounted by a motal cross and weathercock vano. Comparing those dimensions with buildings now ereoted, it may bo mentioned that tho Bpiro of tho cathedral will bo nearly 100ft highor than that of Wesley Church, Lonsdale-stroot, and at least 70ft higher than that of tho Scots' Churoh in Collins street. Messrs. Torry and Oakden, arohitoots, of Chanoery lane, aro in ohnrgo of tho oomplote works, with Mr. Harrison, of Prahran, as olerk. Permanent soatinir ncoommodation will ,be pro vided in tho navo and aisles for 1300 porsons, hut on special oocasions orovision will be made for 2000. Tho choir will soat 50 singers. Tho original estimated coat of tho ontiro building was ¿G100.000, but aa tho Boalo of tho building has been considerably increased it may bo assuuiod that tho cost will bo propor tionately incroaaod. A supplement to the Government GAZETTE, issued last Saturday, oontaihs tho following officiai notifications :-The Honorable Sir John Robertson, K.G.M.G., to be Minister of Publie Instruction; William Edmond Plunkett, Esq., to be Under-Seo retary of Justice; William Wilkins, Esq., to be Under- secretary of Public Inntruotion. The public .will doubtless hear of the above appointments with great interest. Until other arrangements are made, tho business connected with tho Education department will be condnoted at the Counoil of Eduoation office. Under tho now Aot, all officers^ in the Education department will bo designated civil servants. The scrutiny for tho oleotion of auditor for the Mutual Provident Sooioty was oonolnded on Friday ( with the following result;-Paige, 800C votes ; Robey, 5943 ; Cameron, 2308. Mr, T. H. Paige is therefore elected. 