The Passing away of an Old Error. Thk present position of Catholics (says the Ta.hh'i) is a subject well worthy of considera tion. It is now half a century since that great measure of justice became law whereby our chief political disabilities were removed, when, in the fine phrase of Montalembert, “ O’Connell entered the British Parliament and a nation after him” : and not only the Irish nation, but he scattered remnant who in this country through centuries of persecution, had pre served like precious faith with that race of hereditary martyrs. We all know what was the state in which the Act of hhnanoipation found English Catholics. The picture has been drawn for us by one whom the most accom plished of contemporary critics has described as “the greatest living master of English; per haps the greatest master of English who has ever lived.” It is but “ by one or two tokens, as by the strokes of a pencil ” that Cardinal Newman has depicted for us the condition of the professors of our holy religion in that land in the early part of the present century ; but the tokens are living : the pencil is guided by that highest art which leaves no trace of work manship. Who does not remember the passage in the sermon on the Second Spring : “ No longer the Catholic Church in this country, no longer, I may say, a Catholic com munity, but a few adherents of the old religion moving sorrowfully and silently about, as me morials of what had been. The Roman Catho lics—not a sect, nor even an interest, as men conceived of it; not a body, however small, representative of the great communion abroad— but a mere handful of individuals who might be counted like the joebbles and detritus of the great deluge, and ^who, forsooth, merely hap pened to retain a creed which, in its day, indeed, was the profession of a Church. .Here a set of poor Irishmen, “coming and going at harvest time, or a colony of them lodged in a miser able quarter of the vast metropolis. There, perhaps, an elderly person seen walking in the streets, grave and solitary, and strange, though noble in bearing, and said to be of good family and a Roman Catholic. An old-fashioned house, of gloomy appearance, closed in with high walls, with an iron gate and yews, and the report attaching to it that Roman Catholics lived there ; but who they were or what they did, or what was meant by calling them Roman Catholics no one could tell, though it had an unpleasant sound—and told of form and super stition. Such wrere the Catholics of England, found in corners and allies, and cellars, and the housetops, or in the recesses of the country, cut off from the populous world around them, and dimly seen, as if through a mist or in twilight, as ghosts Hitting to and fro, by the high Protestants, the lords of the earth.” Such was the condition of Catholics in Great Britain as Cardinal Newman first knew them. And the occasion on which these words were spoken was afforded by a great act upon the part of the Holy See, whereby the Supreme Pastor bestowed upon that portion of his world wide charge, the spiritual advantages which the change in our political circumstances rendered it possible for us to receive. Catholic Emanci pation is the first great fact in the history of the Church in England during this century, The restoration of the Hierarchy is the second. “ Had it been prophesied fifty years ago,” asked Cardinal Newman, in the discourse from which we have quoted, “would not the very notion have seemed preposterous and wild ?” It was, iu truth, a deed of spiritual heroism upon the part of the great Pontiff' then sitting in the chair of Peter, and the event has vindicated its practical wisdom. The Anglican Bishops scolded, the Timex fulminated its stage thunder, Lord John Russell unfolded his grief in his celebrated letter to the Bishop of Durham. Mr, Disraeli, in his hardly less famous epistle to the Lord Lieutenant of Buckinghamshire,, fanned “ the heart of the laudable emotion of | his constituents in that county and called upon them to combine to prevent foreign interference with the prerogatives of the Queen and to resist jurisdiction by the Pope in her Majesty’s do minions.” All this hubbub gradually died away, and the Ecclesiastical Titles Act, which was the practical outcome of it, proved a dead letter. But the great act of Pope Pius remained. The Church was again set up in this country, in the fulness of her Apostolic organisation, and for thirty years she has gone on pursuing tranquilly her divine mission, building up anew from the foundations the spiritual temple, while the merely human struc tures which bad been reared upon the ruins of the former house, have been crumbling away like all the heresies which have preceded them in the world. It is true that her progress lias fallen short of the glowing anticipations which were awakened in the hearts of many of her children in 1850—if that progress be judged of by mere statistics. There lias indeed been a constant stream of conversions. Churches and schools, colleges and religious houses have sprung up in every direction. Blit there has been uo great religious awakening in the country like the Traetarian movement which immediately pre ceded the Restoration of the Hierarchy, and there has been a grievous loss to the faith, especially among the young, of multitudes whom misery has driven into the workhouses of that Protestant land. We are still, if judged by what the Apostle calls “ man's judgment,” by merely human measures, a feeble folk. A return which lies before us, and which is pro bably not far out, estimates their total number in Great Britain at two millions. Of these four or five hundred belong to what is called landed interest, titled or untitled : rather over two thousand to the priesthood : a few thousand to the learned professions and upper mercantile classes, and perhaps as many more to the lower middle class ; while the great mass, Irish by birth or descent, must be described as poor, and in most cases as very poor. Such are at present the Catholics of England, a little Hock indeed to sustain an oecumenical name among the people, alienated from the conversation of Israel and strangers to the testaments”; to defend the cause of revealed religion in a nation where the prevailing cor ruptions of Christianity arc fast finding their logical resolution in Rationalism and mere j natural Theism. But, comparatively small as is J our progress during the last thirty years, if judged hv mere numbers, it is in other very im portant respects most real. The great obstacle which lias stood in the way has been an irra tional, blind, dogged prejudice, the monstrous growth of three centuries of anti-Cat holic tradi tion. Even thirty years ago as Cardinal New man testifies, the Church which brought the English race from heathenism and barbarism, within the pale of Christain civilisation, was generally regarded as "too absurd to ho in quired into, and too corrupt: to he defended, end too dangerous to he treated with equity and fair dealing.” One of the most cheering signs of the tin es is the extent to whieh this old error lias passed away. An Englishman exter nal to the Church may dislike her with more or less intensify : may. and probably will, tor he that is not with us is against, us, at all events in some degree. But, if he he a man of the smallest pretensions lit) education, he will not doubt her competency, whcihcras a religion ora philosophy, to satisfy any heart that may have been drawn towards her : any mind which, turning aside from Agnosticism, exerts its reason freely in the search for an authoritative guide and Divine oracle amid the strife of tongues. In veil in the lower classes of society, in in what perhaps is the most bitterly anti-Ca tliolie. the lower middle class from which Vestry men and Ouardians of the I’oor are chiefly taken —t here is. as our columns from I imoto time show, a growing disposition to treat us more fairly. They recognise, event if in dim and purblind fashion, that a Catholic is—in Bottom's phrase —" a man as other men are," that his religion, little as they may understand or like it. is not a mere Mtmibu .Jumbo superstition, hut a living and life-giving power. The truth is that in creased familiarity with Catholicism upon the part of 1 ho people of this country litis, to a great extent, robbed it of its temms J'or (hem. There are now Jew Knglishmen who do not number Catholics among 1 heir relatives or familiar friends, and whatever our personal shortcomings, liowevcr unworthy we may individually he of that good name which is invoked, upon us. our constant and intimate intercourse, with ['rotes tants in the affairs of life has, upon the whole, the result of making (hem fairer inwards us, and —as candour obliges us to add of making us fairer towards them. Perhaps one of 1 he inosl signal tokens of this disappearance of aidi-( 'a.t Iml ie prejudice, of whieli we have been speaking. is that a Horded by the noininai ion of the Ma.npiis of Kipoii to the important otliee for w11 i<■-h he has been selected. It is in ma.ny respects (he highest and most r(-H [ a) 11 s i 111 e position (had any subjeel, of I he British (frown can till, and. borrowing the words we eited just now from Cardinal Newman, we may ask, " Ibid ihe appointment to it of a Ca thode been prophesied fifty years ago, would not the very notion have seemed preposterous and wild.'-’ We freely confess, indeed, that the selection whieli has been made lor I lie Indian Vieeroyalty is no unmi.xed cause of rejoicing lo us. Since I,on! Ibpon made his submission to the Church, he has ungrudingly placed at the disposal of the Catholics of (treat Britain his singularly clear a,ml sound judgment. his vast knowledge of public alluiis, his indetai igable in dustry and rare power of applirat ion to business, and the manifold inlluenee whieli ace,rues to him from Ids personal <|mililies and great, soeia.1 posi tion. As Chairman of the Boor School Com mittee. as a lending and most active member oi the ( oimei I of the ( 'at bo I ie. I' nion. and in half a doc.en oilier eapaeil ies, lie has keen unwearied in well-doing, gludiy spending and being spent , for the good cause wbicli it has been his happi ness io embrace. It is a, great satisfaction to us that his high pdf Is should have obtained, such signal n•co-milinn ; and it is a great salisi'aotion to us, too, t hat such recognition should have eume from t he presenl Piisl .Minister of I he Crown, who in this way may perhaps be clisirilubly Judd to have made some amends for dial ill-judged and most unwarrantable attack upon oar loyally whieli so cruelly aunt so deeply wounded us. Still we can ill a, I lord to spare Lord Bipon, and the congratulations which we bey leave to offer, ill the name of the Catholic public of this country are accompanied by heartfelt, regrets : Bata voeant, revocenhpie preoamur. The Rev, l)r. Maloney, I’.l’., of Cloughjordian, died on 3rd April, 'the interment of this truly good priest took place on (>t!i April. 