The Distress in Ireland. With reference to the distress in Ireland, we learn from papers to hand by the Torres Straits mail that absolute starvation exists, and has had its victims in various parts of the country, and notably at Innishowen, county Donegal. The Irish Times says :-" A coroner's inquest has been held, on November 20, on the body of a poor woman, the wife of a cottier tenant, who, according to the medical evidence, died from want of food. When the late harvest failed, the family, like most others of the population, had nothing to fall back upon. The mother sank under the joint pressure of severe mental distress and also want of proper nourishment. insufficient clothing and want of fuel brought on congestion of the lungs, and starvation did the rest. The remaining members of the family are now cast upon the charity of the parish. Persons who visited the wretched habitation in which the poor woman died say there was no food of any sort save a cupful of Indian meal. Fire who represented by a little heather, which showed the utter dearth of ordinary fuel." Hundreds of people in the same district were in distress almost as great. From the Irish Times (November dates), The leading Conservative paper in that country, we make the following extracts : declaration ok hush McMinn?. The following " declaration," with the names attached to it, has been transmitter 1 to Lord Bea- con 6 field : ' TO THE RIGHT HON. THE. H hill. Or BEACONSFIELD. " We, the undersigned members of the House of Commons, representing Irish constituencies, feel it our duty to bring bef me your lordship, as head of the Government, the serious state of the country. " Farming, our main industry, has now suffered from several successive bad harvests, and the depression has been intensified this year by the almost complete stagnation of the cattle trade. There can be no doubt but that the distress will be severe and widespread during the coming winter and spring, and that in several extensive dis trio to the almost complete failure of the potato crop and of the fuel supply, combined with the absence of employment, will involve a considerable number of the small farmers and laborers in absolute destitution. " We would most earnestly urge on the Government, through your lordship, the necessity of taking immediate steps to prevent and miti- gate, as far as possible, this calamity. " We believe this can be best done by afford- ing assistance to works of a permanent and useful character ; promptness is absolutely necessary, as delay will only result, as on former occasions, in ill-considered and unproductive expenditure. " If the law does not give Government power to meet the emergency, we would urge the desirability of summoning Parliament for a short winter session." (Here follow the signatures of seventy Irish members of all shades of opinion, from the high Tory to Home Ruler,) Commenting on the foregoing declaration, the London Standard says : " The signatures affixed to the declaration of the Irish members abundantly attest the representative character of the document. The language in which the Prime Minister is addressed is moderate and unexcep-,, capable. Of the reality of the distress to which Lord Beaconsfield's attention is called no doubt, unfortunately, can exist. The state of Ireland is, as the memorialists Buy, serious, and will inevitably become yet worse. We are now only on the threshold of what threatens to prove a, writer of extreme severity, socially if not. climatically. As the weather grows colder the absence of employment and the scarcity of fuel will be felt more keenly, and it is impossible to anticipate the scenes of privation and suffering which the next three months may witness without approhoUBion as well as sympathy. It is probably not an exaggeration to say that of the smaller class of light tenants the holders of thirty acres and less-a majority are on the verge of bankruptcy. The exception to this rule consists of those who have saved money in former years. Those who cannot pay their rent are not likely to be able to stock their farms, and at the present moment it is difficult to see how they are to live till next harvest. Moreover, Ireland has lately been without the relief of its usual opportunities for emigration to America, DiafcicsU events in the country, IllKI still Willing RacinE imminent in many portions of it, not so much in consequence of bad seasons na of luck of money; in other would, have reduced opportunity of earning wages. The gentlemen who have addressed themselves to the Premier show that they are perfectly aware of this fact. They don't ask for any wholesale cleo mosynary measure. They are content to explicitly recognise that for the Imperial Government to attempt to pauperise the industrial classes in Ireland by any large scheme of financial relict would be worse than unwise. It is noticeable that, notwithstanding the reports which have of late been spread in several dit actions, not a word is said on the subject of a grant out of the three and a half millions which, by the preamble of the Irish Church Act, are reserved for sudden and unforeseen emergencies. All wealth, whether realised or potential, rests upon a basis of labor. The capacity of labor exists in large quantities and in a most imperfectly developed condition in Ireland. If at the same time that this is, utilised' the material condition of the country is improved, it is obvious that a double advantage will have been secured. This, we presume, is the principle on which the Irish members justify the demand they make or the suggestion they offer." t COLONEL KING HARMAN ON THE STATE OF AFFAIRS. Colonel King Harman has written as follows to the Times :- ' * "Sir,-I have read with great interest the letters of Lord Lifford and Mr. Bagwell, and your leading article thereon. As a resident Irish landlord, and as one who has striven earnestly to arrive at a true estimate of the present state of affairs in Ireland, I ask the favor of a space in your columns for a few remarks. I wish most heartily I could agree with the, gentlemen whose letters appear in the Times of to-day, or with that portion of the report of the Local Government Board which expresses a belief that the present system of Poor-law relief will be adequate to meet the distress which now hangs over a large portion of the Irish people. I unhesitatingly say that not only dire distress but absolute famine is impending in many parts of Ireland, and I am reluctantly but firmly convinced that this can only be averted by Government assistance. Lord Lifford and Mr. Bagwell are well known as excellent landlords and good men of business, and their evidence, as far as their knowledge serves them, must carry great weight. They write, however, from parts of the country which are, I hear, exceptionally prosperous, and except so far as Mr. Bagwell refers to the chronic state of poverty in Ennis, and Tyrawloy, cannot be taken as giving any idea of the state of affairs in the West. The statement frequently made that the potato crop is one-half the average certainly does not apply to many parts of Ireland, and such potatoes as have escaped the disease are generally small, watery, and wanting in nutriment. The oat crop has generally been good, and has been well saved, and hay is tolerably plentiful except in low-lying lands, where it has been destroyed or swept away by the floods, but it is of very inferior quality, owing to the wet season, while the root crops are generally miserably poor. "The lost few weeks of beautiful weather have done wonders in many parts of the country towards saving the turf, and the fuel famine will not be so general as was to be len ed a, short, time ago. In many places, however, the turf, especially where the bags are of inferior quality, had already suffered so much from the continuous wet that the recent fine weather came too late to save it. All this is bad enough, especially when the stagnation of the cattle trade and the low prices for all descriptions of farm produce (with the exception during the last few weeks of butter are taken into account. But the most serious matter, and the one which will bring famine to the doors of thousands, is the sudden collapse of the credit system. For several years past credit has almost been forced upon the people. The "gombeenman," or village usurer, has woven his wcbB in every neighborhood, and shopkeepers have vied with each other in giving long credit for frequently inferior and adulterated articles ; but worst of all, banks have set up their branches in every small town, and have freely advanced money at interest seldom under and often exceeding 10 per cent. Suddenly the whole of this ceases. The usurer, the shopkeeper, and the banker flood the country with proceaacs. Note shilling will be advanced . not a mouthful of meat nor a bag of manure will be supplied without ready money, " Well, the majority of small farmers in the West have no ready money ; the large farmers have been so hard hit during the last three years that they cannot pay for labor and the sequel I fear, is too simple. In the West, speaking generally, the potatoes will not last till Christmas, the people have not a shilling, the credit for a bag of meal will not be procurable. What can the people do ? They must work for wages or Starve. Who will give the work ? Some landlords will, but many cannot, and many, frightened or disgusted with the present senseless agitation, will not. I will not now discuss the political side of the question, nor will I enter into the question as to whether the people might not now be better off if prudence and economy had prevailed in past years ; I can only state a sad and terrible fact. Famine is abroad in the West, and I see no means of averting a terrible catastrophe if the Government does not intervene. I wish it to be distinctly understood that I do not ask for wholesale relief, nor do I believe that the state of matters I have endeavored to describe is the case all over Ireland, but I give it away sure belief, founded on the closest examination, that there are several districts in the west of Ireland where famine is impending, where the present system of Poor-law relief will be utterly unable to cope with the disaster, and where, if it be attempted, an additional or sup- plements rate will only be the last straw which will swamp many who at present may just weather the storm, I do not, sir, wish to be an alarmist. On my own property there will be poverty this winter, but I trust no crisis that landlord and tenant working together will not be able to tide over. But it will cost us a sore struggle. What I say, however, of other parts of my neighborhood and the country further west is of my own personal knowledge, and while I deprecate the conduct of those who would exaggerate the state of affairs in more favored portions of the country, and while 1 denounce, as heartless traitors those who would set class against class, and make political capital out of the sufferings of our fellow-countrymen, I deem it my duty to let the people of England know that starvation threatens, nay, is absolutely in the midst of thousands of their fellow-citizens across the Channel. If you will allow me in a future letter to make some suggestion as to the best means of meeting the evil I may be glad to avail myself of the privilege. At present I r\ must apologise for the extreme length of this communication, and trust that the urgency of the occasion will plead as my excuse. Your í obedient servant, Edward R King Harman, MP. " 20 Duke-street, St. James'', November 10." CARDINAL MANNING ON THIS DISTRESS IN IRELAND. The following pastoral was read, from his Eminence Cardinal Manning, in the London churches The early and severe cold which was set in warns us to look for much suffering in this winter among our poor in London. Nevertheless we invite you to think first of others at a distance, who are already suffering severely, and who, as the winter draws on, will probably have to endure want of food, fuel, and clothing, of a kind happily unknown to us.' We have received private letters from well-informed and responsible persons in Ireland, full of anxiety for the next months. They describe what is day by day before their eyes; and they assure us, that in the West of Ireland Such hunger, poverty, and want as now are to be seen have never been known since the fatal famine of 1847. Fever has already shown itself, especially among the school children. The dioceses which are already suffering most are Robs, Kerry, Galway, and Tuarn, It may be little that you can send ; but you will be glad at least to show the sympathy and love of your hearts towards our suffering brethren in Ireland. We therefore ' affectionately and earnestly call upon you to give promptly and generously, as far as you are able for their relief, and in thanksgiving to our Divine Master for all the blessings we enjoy. A collection will be made at all the mines and other services on Sunday next, December 7. Mary the charity of God be poured forth into your heart by the Holy Ghost, who is given to you. No reader of history can have failed to t< mark now frequently great war I have original ii from very trifling causes. We all know, for instance, that a sorry jest uttered by a French king ledge's- the war which issued in the death of the late lamented William the Conqueror and many of us yet remember how a paltry dispute about the keys of a chapel proved " the direful spring " of the "flores contentions" that raged around Sebastopol. Numerous, however, as are the instances which will occur to the mind of " every schoolboy," we think there is still some novelty to be found in the idea of a war originating. in the mispronunciation of a word. As we happen to have stumbled on the portion of unwritten history which furnishes this example, we hasten to anticipate the future Kinglake, who is no. doubt growing up among those enfant terrible of ours that are now carrying all before them in history and everything oIbb. "We doubt if any of our renders, however well informed on the subject of the Guelphs and Ghibellines, the Montagues and Capulets, know anything about the feud between the Beautys I and the Windsors, notwithstanding the fact that it is actually going on in our very midst. Here I is, the little story, and we hope some writer of Queensland history will make a note of it. The postal districts of Kelvin Grove and Red Hill are connected by a highway which a finger-post has for some time indicated as the Beauty Road, Now, the proletariat mind is not well up in the pronounciation of triphthongs, and certain pre- casions living in the region in question found their fastidious souls daily vexed by hearing their road " called out of its name " by the vulgar. Sometimes it smote upon their ears as the Bawly Road, sometimes as the Body Road, and so on through all possible transmogrifications from Becky to Baily, till at length the provisions resolved that they could stand it no longer. The name must be changed. Some word incapable. of mispronunciation, must be substituted, and after many suggestions it was decided that even the most unlearned could not possibly make a mess of the name " Windsor " But the love of what is old and established is in current in some natures. Hence division and strife amongst the inhabitant. Hence the oppos- ing factions of Beauty's and Windsor. At length the latter, Boeing no signs of yielding on the part of the former, determined upon a decisive coup. They arose by night, and did a deed of darkness, When, the morning appeared it shone on a brand new post with a brand-new board, on which stand out as fresh as new paint the words t " Windsor Road " But though the Beauty, were dumbfounded, and their post carried (off) they were not vanquished, They took a lesson from the enemy. They also arose by night, foiled the outpost of the Windsors, and replanted the Beauty standard. When the provisions passed by in the morning, there was that confounded Bawly, Beely, Body thing again and there it might have remained still, if the Beauty, had only known their own name. But no. The whole gamut of agony had to be gone through again Baly, Beely, Bully, Body, Booty. Human nature couldn't stand it. Once more the mid- night found the innovators busy with pick and shovel, and when we passed by the other morning again the words " Windsor Road" shone out defiantly from another new board on another new post. How is it all to end 1 How long will it be ere it ceases to be a war of outposts, and the conflict becomes general all along the line t We await the issue in breathless suspense. May Heaven defend the right 1-" Specialities," in the Queenslander. " Box," the elephant of the Berlin " Zoo," died the other day, and the directors had two tons of elephant on their hands, not counting the skeleton which was to be set up. Eight strong men were unable to lift the hide, which alone weighed 200 lb., It was something of a hide, too, being 2in. thick in some places. " boy " was not fat either. Chemical analysis failed to discover the least trace of adipose matter in his muscular flesh, which was remarkably tough. They pub the whilom monarch of the Indian forests into the crematory furnace, reduced his 4000ft. to a small wheelbarrow load of ashes, and sold them for 18s. to a gardener, to be carted off and spread over the ground as a fertiliser. 