POPULAR 9fOT£Sd I (BT " 1Pme VAGBOKD.1') I ' Sydncr, JJIaroh 30. H Hie Great Showisfiviiitip the ghost, ana its end is not peace. Sspeaall7 in the matter H of j adzing is thzre disctmtenc. Many gentle- H men of known honor and ability refused to act with persons who were coupled with - them as B judges. \n course even xaose wno are aenniea mm by the fairest motives, and. have dose their B duty most conscientiously, have bo great diS- B cuuiiBs u aajuau»(iui£y wh wume Eansnnu; h every exhibitor. In real truth tors system of awards at iDternationalBbowsds a great faroe. B Thke for instance-en nrtirie which I shall call. fl toothpick. This is . a necessity of civilisation, and the diqilay of tooaipjcksnt the EThiKtion has been a grand one. Hundreds of bundles B from different - manufacturers of different B countries werB-sentinto toe judges of thai do B partment obapplied science to which toothpicb H are held to belong. "What could they do? Try each pick?- Select at random? To go B through each exhibit would take a year. Be- B sides what suits -one man's teeth will not B another's, go to solve toe difficulty (the B judges in this instance befog honorable men. B unamenable to palm pa. an application of B which has in many instances decided eqaaUv B knotty prints) eart toothpick exhibitor recerrel B a " £rst prize." '33iis is a perfectly true tale. To a msnwho hasncrthmE to do, a jndse't B place attoe 'Exhlffition is not a bad one. ff fl from the eouitby he gets a railway pass to and H from Rydney, he baa free admissionta the show, IB and is aarti day entitled to lunoh and reiretli- IB ment .to the extent of time shillings and bx- flj pence in value. After tills lunch, there lr always .a crowd of judges congregated on the B| grass at mane of thebullding. They smote, B tell funny tales, get up sweepstakes, and law H -have dakoi-to eurtre. At least I saw a match B Of iMaiLy jgusua played between cue of .tin B judges and an American visitor the otberday Tt was a madjmt. e»i.ljwp» mi the JTrorimorV of the BrttingAct. Hie American did nof lose- B But toe ouee shonld put a stop to this sort B thing, B TBE na-rrrn states COJOnssioS. B We have ooaitiiiaally been in trouble ever SB B Commiarionat Sydney. The last outrage,1"1 B enest aririril every true American here feha B has been toe public parade of the eoall|i B "Banquet and testimonial to Mr- Gregory r: Harte, United States Executive CommissMagi wbo left by toe last mail for San Rancoro B His departure was rmexpectod, but by the H vessel ouudry letters for Oalifonuan and B Turk journals were conveyed, which wul BH baps, amuse him wheu he reads them- Ttri h a glavvTifT instance of how the Press is |B here, lfc Harte is a smart business nia |B farougfatoversome Winchester rifles and By? B whntey to toe show. When our Conra' B General, Mr. Spencer, returned to Melbo®« B toe other day, he left Mr. Harte as a tort « B clerk in charge, which position he M about a fortnight; then he gets up to"?", IB and testimonials to himself, with the aid ot B| Hanson, toe representative of the B Watch Company, who invited prominent men. b hereof toe Press to these farces, and gotwa B accounts oftoem inserted in the dailv jenmaa- h Our boys from toe States have done « B "smart !<= during the Eshibitrou . J"1 |B has goneto Watofogton. seeking an app<w B ment at toe forthcoming Melbonme B national " Hfl IHEXISIKNISD XXHTHrTOR. fl Where is be to be found is toe qnesoonm "r m -day? -Whois satisfied with toe reeulte" IB at tbe show ? i have discovered the flB ihastento place 1t ou record as the only«- B known. He is a Yankee exhibitor, rif" B toe best Connecticur wooden pap B toe shadiest things in creation. 1 B him. Iris fare-- beaming; due body shatang1 inward nonrnlsuais of memmeut . U#"". j,e i\Tbat"sthe fanJ " qnatfeL "Pun I" 5 the best gome out. "The judges haremade J sua take. Ihey've given me the first pnza. A DrSCO>TE2iIED EAHJBITOg. far this is the man whose tootii- : q we wiil cail them were ovafeoked. \v£qu. he saw that ail the others got first prizes, v = It ut in. a wild xemonsEnince . to the judges, i-ki nn why his wares were not worthy of menrim. t-ci tt-aa awkward tor them, but cquai to the they immediately set to work, chewed a few bimdlea of toothpicks, and gave our consented exhibitor their wnanimons opinion every respect his were the worst articles ever ' Jhe joke is that this was tiro only \oi oi toothpicks tested ! THE FESHVB SEASOK 1 Hnough of the let us to iuLuto ..,e .vtKpr n7inM""p"« n f the peoe duting tins boliuAy time. The Races have brought ua the zsaai crowd of vti&ins-; anil cascala from. XJe-> tDiii. who, until the Besting B31 'passes, toe rpper House, can stfll rrap & harvest here. 1,'jt their days are HHiiilwri, altiiongh «vmi sow these men have advocates — as long as they are money. Thus Mr. David Buchanan. 3L1-A.. the newapostieof Protection, although -roressing the greatest natred to gamhliiro, against the Betting ble in the House, and .eftndtti with, eloquence the gang of - low " -pieiem who were -aurptaTjri fe their den in King-street last Sunday. The price which a Tiruminent boolonaker some, members of p -. 1 ii m»nt fni- »pitaHn ptiH voting agtlPlFt the " Totaiisator1 the Betting Bill has been, freeiy mpw4ftTT«ri| it was not mor-hj £130 covered tiro lot. H.P&. are rheap 1 But irrtTmUgtfe mwvt be bought like lawyura and . eh, With two or three uisgraceful exceptions, tcere ia sot a newspaper in colonies wiil say -oe word, in favor of these ruffianly vultures of -ociety. I a-m to acknowledge the punty ci the Aoscralian THE na-iuPiirvr- At Easter -the young -volunteer s fancy turns towards and hpm nghtt In Austraiia it is the very worst season oi the year which top«te could be This time we l.ave had frightful weather. At .Middle Head :lc Permanent foree has been camped, ana on n,n b«un top tptits have been fully cxposea to all the riirv of the rain gnd wind. A miserable :;me otih£sand men have had of it, and a good The Governor Lord Loitus paid tiro ..camp a visit the other dav. and the: men were inspected. .kUO. big guns and torpedoes were let oif in his „uaor.".hs regards the Lttter, there was a sennas \- ' rvcfi nips. The two siecimen torpedoes were trrnr m a little bay in Middle Harbour, ana be CTOund freeiy baited for fish. On tiro rocks ijtjv'e was the Governor, in company with ILijur Cracknel!, who explained matters to uim. His Excellency pressed a wire, jnd a column of water was blown into tne air, which one reporter describes as being ;W and another. hundreds of feet high.'' Ihe height of the rocks where we etood is only .loout 150 feet, anri the . column of water was :ar below us. But tormsanfis of fish were killed, amongst which was an enonnous shark, anu the onficers sent a can-load to town. This wuoiesale ties true tion certainly ought to be put 6 stop to. Tiie second- torpedo would not go ozf. and the members of tot Corps, which includes n.1 S rhe best teltertrproaa we have, axe frantic. I heard thar when Sir UMlliam Jervois and Colo nel sccatchley were -teTpriTntenrrfig1 fe ioreton 1 Bay, there were likewise several torpedoes which retused to wqyir These dzifced oif down the bay, a»d mbw day an immigrant ship, or yacht tefeteli raring OUX of the itcita.7 chiinnelw, BUT get an rise into the ait If these infteturi toinrw wonrt go ofl when they are wanted, whv perchance sometnne they wiR piiIhiI when not wanted, and so X think tiro boats crews which laid Them down deserve a good deal of credit for the risks they ran. to -ire the Governor a show, and feed the camp -with fish. 