GENERAL NEWS. In contemplation of rebuilding.the Hind mush Institute the committee of management have resolved to dispose of a large number of books and serials. They will be sold by auction this evening, at the Institute, by Mr. 0. W. Priest. : i By advertisement in another column it will be Helen that the Holdfast Bay.Railway Oompany announce that owing to the Glenelg Railway Company, having decided to prevent passengers 'for the races who avail themselves of the Holdfast Bay line from crossing the railway on foot, holders of Grandstand tickets only can be accommodated by the trains of the new line stopping opposite tbe course on Monday next. The following is a record of the rainfall between 9; a.m. on Friday and, the same hour on Saturday:— BarrowCreek... 0 030 Kooringa ... 0070 Auburn .... 0030 Port Wakefield 0 035 Kadina ... 0'060 .Warook i ... 0070' Adelaide ... 0*010 Mount Barker 0 050 Ecbnnga I ... 0048 Strathalbyn ... O'OIS Willnnga ! -... 0 010 Normahville ..v 0 025 Port Lincoln ... 0 020 Cape Borda ... 0*180. Kingscote ... 0020 Kapunda ... O'OlO Gawler ... 0 020 Mannum ... • 0*030. Mount Pleasant. 0 020 Gumeracha ..." 0030 Mount Torrens .0*020 Gape Jervis ... 0140 Port Elliot "... 0'06i G-oolwa : ...: 0*060 Kingston . ... 0 020 Kobe ' ... 0*090 Narraeoorte ... 0*031 Lucindale . : ... 0;170 Milliceut ... 0*09) Mount Gambier 0 08) The ranks of the " old colonists" are rapidly | thinning. The death is announced of Mr. John j Mqnck,who arrived here in H.M.8. Buffalo in I 18367 Mr. JHonck, whowaa/for some timesexton of West-terrace Cemeteiy and ,clerk of Trinity Ohurch,wa8 66 years, of affe af the time of his .death. He was- well- known among Masons; fha^ing been a memberffieE the oraft for many, years. "■ ■■ -0"; •The Government have agreed to place, "the sum of £600 on the snpplementary esti mates as a grant-in-aid for the new buildings at the Belair Inebriates! Retreat. It will be , re membered that a deputation recently waited upon the Government to urge the granting of a subsidy,and it'is iircompliance with the appli- " cation then made: that it has ;been .decided, to. ask Parliament for this vote. His Excellency the Governor has con sented to become patron, of the newly-restablished South Australian Rifle Olub. The Aldinga, which leaves this, after noon for Melbourne, conveys a Norwood twenty to play a series of football matches in Victoria. Telegraphic- communication was estab lished wion Williamstown on Friday. The usual congratulatory messages were inter changed. The treasurer of the Adelaide • Children's Hospital has received from the Hon. W. it. Giblin, the Premier of Tasmania, a donation of £5 to that institution. • Lieutenants A. King, W. E. G. Shackle, and J. Lee have passed a qualifying examination for promotion to the rank of captain in the volunteer force. In accordance with the general order issued from the. Staff Office on March 8, officers commanding companies are requested to arrange for a moonlight parade for company drill daring the ensaing week. • Special services for the purpose of re ducing the debt on the Bible Christian Church, \- GlanviUe, will bb held to- morrow, when sermons will be preached in that church morning, after noon, and evening, by the Rev: O. Lake. New regulations with regard to "the ex amination of applicants for retirement from the Civil Service on the ground of ill-health have been, on the recommendation of the Colonial Surgeon, approved of by the Government. The new regulations will have the 6ffect of making the examination more effective. A report was received by the city coronet en Friday of the sudden death of the infant son of Mrs. James Leaners, at Kensington. Mr. Ward, after visiting the house and making enquiries, did not think an inquest necessary, as it was evident that the parents had been misled by the symptoms, and did not call in medical aid until it was too late. \- A temperance meeting, under the auspices of Mr. M. Burnett's committee, wa3 held in the Bible Christian Church, GlanviUe, on Thurs day" evening, June 17, when addresses were delivered by Messrs. E. Alcock, M. H. Madge, audD. GiU. Mr. R. Rush was in the cha.r. At the close of the meeting twenty persons signed the pledge, and were invested with Mr. Burnett's badge. A meeting was held at Mr. R. N. Oolley's office, Fort Adelaide, on Friday evening, to con sider the question of the present rail way charges on wool carried from Morgan to Port Adelaide. Mr. Wakefield was voted to the chair, and after considerable discussion it was decided that those present should form a committee^ with power to add to their number) to interview the Commissioner of Public Works, and urge him to rearrange the tariff in such a way as to carry wool in future at a rate per ton of 2,240 lbs., or at a corresponding -reduction per lb., instead of at per bale as at present. Considerable excitement was caused iu Grenfell-street on Friday evening by a collision between a baggy driven, by a man named John Jones, in the employ of Messrs. Hill & Co., aud a dray driven by Patrick Mulrooney, an em ploye of the Waterworks Department. Both vehicles were turned over, and" the buggy was completely smashed. Unfortunately, however, for Messrs. Hill & Co. the accident did not terminate with the smashing of the trap, as the horse bolted with the shafts as far as Bast terrace, where it collided with a heavy dray, and was lolled on the spot. Mr. Matthew Burnett held a second open-air meetig on Friday, June 18, at Hind marsh, opposite the Wesleyan Chnrch. Tnere was a very large gathering. His Worship the Mayor of the town presided, and selections from Sankey's songs were sung by a united choir. After an address from the chairman, and a few words from the Rev. J". McBwin, Mr. Burnett delivered his address on " The March of the Great Destroyer Arrested," in the coarse of which he was .frequently cheered. The pledge was signed by 84 persons at the close of the meeting, - - - ■ - - The Deputy-Assistant Adjutant-General of . the Local Military Force intends, with the consent of Colonel Do wnes, to commence a course of instruction in military drawing and reconnaissance for officers of the force oh Thurs day, July 8, at 8 p.m., and for non-commissioned officers on Monday, July 12, at the same hour. The course is to be continued on Thursdays aud Mondays following, and practical outdoor in struction will be given as the season advances. Captain Fergusson will lpe glad to receive the names of "officers and nob-commissioned officers who may be willing to join these oliakses. Paymaster Mann hasfurnished "us-with, the following statement of'the the present effec tive strength of the South 'Australian • National Rifle Association :—Adelaide- No. il Company, 36; Tatiara, 29; Mount Hambier, 31; -Wal laroo, 22; Port Adelaide^ 58; Civil-Service (Adelaide No.-2),"* 89; Blyth 28;Robe, 18 ; Narridy, 20; Redhill; 29; -Port Augusta, 40; Georgetown, 17 ; "Glare,'.25; Port Pirie, 31; Narraceorte, 19; Crystal Brook,' 26; Balaklava, 22; Angaston, 32;' Strathalbyn, 20; and Glad stone, 33; making a total of 574 throughout the twenty companies now forming the association. The increase during the last two months Was 36, while "new: companies will probably Boon be enrolled at Quorn; Caltowie, and other town ■ ships." • ' ! : ' Crase's Hotel at Kapunda hada narrow escape on Wednesday evening, Jane 16, from being the scene of an extensive conflagration: The local paper states that at about 9.30 it was discovered that the contents of one of the ser vant's bedrooms (underground) was on fire. Fortunately there was:plenty of water and assistance at hand, and the fire was speedily extinguished, not, however, until it had con sumed the bed and bedding, a dressing table, and a quantity of the girl's clothing. How the \- fire originated is a mystery, but it is thought that some one who had been in the room must have left a lighted, candle there, though of course no one admits having done so. It is for tunate that the.fire.was discovered before it had obtained any hold on the building, as in that cato the loss might have been serious. , The following letter has been .received. by the hon. curators of the; Port Adelaide Museum" Det Kongelige Museum for. De Nordiske Oldsager and theRoyal Ethno graphical -Museum, Copenhagen, Denmark, April 29,; 1880. Gentlemen—According to the order of'the Government, after your, application to Qis Majesty the King, 1 have-had-tne plea sure of "transmitting to yon a boxto the care of Messrs. Wheatley & Co.y Loudon, containing a complete set of photographs of the works of our sculptor Thorwaldsen. It is to be regarded as a commencement of intercourse between your museum and the Royal. Museum of Copenhagen. I shall be happy if in any future time I could be of'service to yon in making exchanges from our duplicates.—I have the honor to be, &e.;, J. J. A.. Wobsoac, director." ^ The Eull Coiirt eat on Friday. A rule absolute" was granted for the admission of Dr. James Walter Smith as a practitioner of tbe Supreme Court. It was.directed that the case: of Turpbull v. Turnbull, a wife's petition for judicial separation on the ground-of cruelty,, should be jheard orally before a Judge. In McCarthy' and Another v. Brooks • and Others, motions,^ for judgment, a new trial, and reduction of damages awarded by a jury for trespass and removal of gravel used in the construction of the Port Augnsta and Government Gums Railway, were argued, and the court intimated that they would reserve their decision. Arguments in the matter of Formby & Boase v. the Corpora tion and Board of Health of the City of Ad 3 laide were: also, commenced and adjourned till Tuesday next. A meeting was. held at North Adelaide on Thursday, June 17, by a few ladies and gen tlemen for| the purpose of starting a Foundling Hospital, and as a preliminary step it was de cided to advertise for subscriptions before call ing a public, meeting. Two general principles were decided upon, vis.—that the hospital, was to be thoroughly unseotarian, and that each mother should be expected if possible to con tribute. somewhat towards the support of her" infant. A correspondent writing on this sub ject says:—"I know many think such an insti tution; is an encouragement to vice. I do not give the unfortunates credit for thinkiug so far in advancd, and surely, if they did the thought of the pangs of labor would be more likely to deter them than the thought that the future child might possibly be taken care of would be likely to encourage them." . A public trial of Raid's patent reversible plough took place on Mr. Harvey's land, East Adelaide, onFriday afternoon, June 18.. There ■ wereonly Afew Spectator,': but ho doubt greater ■ interest '-will x,-be; displayed in |the imple ment. when it becomes better -known. In appearance it is somewhat- pondorjus, and is actually a double plough, although only one furrow is turned at a time. The implement turns on a cylinder, and its weight, at 2§ cwt., keeps it well to its work, while the balance iB so maintained that the draught is actually lighter than that of an ordinary plough. It was drawn by two horses on Friday, and the furrows, were seven, eight, and nine inches deep, in a rather wet but friable soil. • Any novice could use the plough, apparently, and it is claimed by Mr. Henderson, the agent, that superior .work oau.be done by it without the aid of skilled hands, as the depth of the furrow is regulated from the surface of the ground instead of from the bottom of the pre vious furrow; that more work cau be done in a day, as ho time is lost in travelling from ridge to ridge; that there is a saving of 25 per cent, in draught; and that all the land in a field is made available for crop, there being no open'furrows left. This is also a great ad van tage when the reaper is used. The plough was patented in Scotland in June, 1879, and was ex tensively ujaed there during the last ploughing season." The agent.purposes having the plough in use near the city for a few weeks to allow the public every opportunity of inspecting.it. " The names of the two men who stuck up Mr. D. Young on the Trura-road on Satur day evening, June 12, are," says the Kapunda Herald,"JohnZwarand WilliamG-raue, black smiths, of Stookweil. They were appre hended on Monday afternoon by Police trooper O'Mahoney, who certainly deserves every credit for the smart way in which the arrest was made, especially consider dering that the description of the men given by Young was very vague. They were brought before Mr. D. Nock, J.P., on Tuesday. Graue was discharged, and Zwar was fined 20s.—a punishment, we think, altogether inadequate to the crime. : How his.worship oame to take such a lenient view of the affair we are at a loss to know. The evidence was clear—and the men confessed to it themselves—that they had. stopped a man. on the highway, represented themselves as troopers, and demanded money, and also took it. Zwar, it is true, was the spokesman; and principal actor, but Graue was just as [guilty, for he stood by aud allowed his companion to do the business, and yet he was discharged. - If such amateur highwaymen! are to be let off so easily, it will soon not be safe to travel country roads at night without being armed. Mr. Yaung had his wife and child with him at the time, and had they been at all of a nervous disposition the consequences might have been serious. The second oiiarge, of . ex torting money from Young by false representa tions, was not proceeded with, the police by permission !of Mr. No9k withdrawing the case. We presume his,Worship had good grounds for allowing this charge to be withdrawn, but confess we cannot understand them. Zwar took the money, Gra|ue by his presence was a consenting party, and although at the first it might as the counsel put'it, have beon intended as a' skylark,' it became .something more when money was taken. The men evidently knew they had done wrong from the lies they had told the ostler at the hotel where they had pat their horses up. The result of the investigation is not at all satisfactory, but we hope it will be a caution to the men and to others, as it is most improbable that a like occurrence will be similarly leniently dealt with.? The latest ghost story. come3 from Warrnambool in Victoria. According to a local paper there is a house in Henna-street in which a young woman died some time since under cir cumstances which gave rise to unpleasant rumors. The house is now inhabited by Mr. J. HanniBg, who is about to carry on the business of a hay and- corn merchant. The apparition which is said to haunt the premises appeared first to two sons of the tenant, aged respectively nineteen and twenty-five years of age. They. were sleepingin a small room of the house, to the window of which on the night in question there was no blind. The elder brother statss that abonti 2 o'clook in the morning he was awakened by feeling something like a rush of cold air over his face. Thinking that the door oi window of the apartment was open he cast his eyes towards each, but observed that they were closed. On settling down again he was considerably startled at seeing the figure of a woman standing by the fireplace a few feet from "him. . The figure was clad in dark clothes, with a kind of cowl over the head. The " pale glimpses ofi the moon" which found their way into the chamber W6re not sufficient to defiue the figure accurately, so that its features could not be discerned. With considerable trepida tion Manning turned to awaken his brother, and for a moment took his eyes off the figure. In that moment it vanished. Manning asked his brother to get a light, without saying a word of the spectral appearance. The younger man rose up in bed to get a matclrfrom his garment, and he was immediately rendered speechless by an appearaiice in the corner of the room. When he recovered his speech,the ejaculated that there was a figure in the corner, and retreated- under the bed clothes. Calling their manhood to the rescue, the two men—stalwart -specimens of the genus homo—m&de; -up their minds to solve the mystery. It may here be said.that the one who firstsawthespeotredidnotsee it again after losing sight of it at the fireplace. . They both roseto gether to "lay the ghost," bat on going to of the the corner they saw—nothing. The door room, was ; closed and so was the window, both being as they had left them when they had retired to rest. Such is their story, and so thoroughly impressed are they that they saw an apparition that neither hare slept in the room since, but have taken up their quarters in the front room of the house. Every night the sleeping rooms of the family are now illuminated, and lights are kept burning till morning/in dread of ; the visitation. It is pro bably because'the family were expecting a reap pearance of the apparition that it was again seena few nights after its first visit, and this time by the father. Manning pore was lying awake and; looking through • the open door of his Bedroom into the room where his sons were sleeping he; ond, when a grey figure with a cowl Over its heaid, such as described by the younger son, passed slowly across the room. It appeared as if it had gained entrance by the front door, hnt both front and backdoors were found locked after the disappearance of the figure. There is no donbt hut that the inmates of the house have had a great fright from some cause or other, and there is a disposition to connect the disturbing plement with the manes of the poor girl who breathed her last in the house under such circumstances that an investigation into the cause of her death was rendered necessary. Mr. John Dunn, jun., J.P., is to addres. the elector^' for the Legislative: Council at th town hall, Fort Adelaide, this evening. Other candidates jure invited to' attend. The Hbldfaat Bay Bailway Company have arranged a speoial time-table for the trains on that line on Mondaymext. Several of the trains will stopropposite the Morahettville Race course. j • - A board of officers of the'Local Military Force is to {assemble on Jane 30, af the Govern ment store; to: take stock of the military stores in charge of the Government storekeeper/ The annual .dinner and '"a general meet ng in connection with the Prince /Alfred/ Collegians'! Association are to take place at the college this evening; The first quarterly prize meeting in con nection wijih the Eapunda Rifle Olub will take place on Monday, and will, be followed by a military ball in the evening. • Anothet monster temperance meeting in connection with Mr/ Matthew Burnett's tempe rance mission in this colony is to be held in the Town Hall this evening. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith/ M.P.) is to take the chair. j : The proposed rifle match between officers of the Local Military'Force' and officers of the Rifle Association will probably take plaoe on July 17. the conditions will he seven shots each range, the ranges probably being at 200, 4C0,500, and 600 yardB. Officers of the force wishing to compete are requested by a general order to forward their.names to the Staff Office. . There was only a limited attendance at Garner's theatre on Friday evening, when the comedy ofEngaged" and the farce of " Kiss in the ; Dai k" were related, the-audience thoroughly enjoyed the finished acting presented, and the leading performers were; vociferously applauded: To-night that capital actress Miss Ada Lester will .take her benefit, when the " Lady of Lyons" will be produced. Another entertainment was given by the Troubadours at the Town Hall, Port Adela;de, on Friday evening, June 18, it being theoeoasion of Master S. McLean's benefit. The attendance was only .moderate. The company will appear for the last time in Adelaide at the Academy of Music on Monday evening; when Miss Tnllook .and Miss Fox will take a benefit, and a choice programme will be presented. 