KAPUNDA, November 24. On Friday evening, a well attended meet ing was held in the Institute, in order that candidates for the position of Mayor and Councillors could state their views. TJia Worship the Mayor, (J. Rowett, Esq.,) occupied the chair and gave a resume of the past twelve months work. His Worship then called on Mr. Mullen, who was the firstin the -field for the mayorship. Mr. R. Cameron, his opponent, next spoke, Mr.' Rogers proposed^ and Mr: Mclntyre seconded Mr. Mullen's candidature, and the same kind offices for Mr. Cameron were performed by Mr. Lewis and Mr. Stock. On the question being put to the meeting the Chairman declared in favor of Mr. Mullen. Mr. Matthews and Mr. Thomas, the candi dates for North Ward next addressed the meeting followed by Mr. Morton for South Ward. ForEast Ward there werethree in the field, Messrs. Tliiem, Nicholson, and Bush, and for West Ward one, Mr. Paddock. For the auditorship, there are two candidates, Messrs. Small and Liurke. Before closing the Chairman invited Mr. Pearce, M.P., to speak on the new. Municipal Act. A vote of thauks to the Chairman broke up the meet ing. Great fears- were entertained on Monday night that unfavorable weather would be the rule on the following day and the Kapunda people were drawing rather long faces, However, they were dssagree ably disappointed. The Australian eleven arrived by the*firSt train and were met at the. station by some of the Cricket Club Committee, and the Military ' Band, and were driven around the town. . At 10 o'clock they were accorded a public reception at the Institute, and after being welcomed to the town by the Mayor and other gentlemen, Mr. Murdoch responded. An adjournment was then made to Crase's Hotel, where a banquet had been provided for the Eleven by the members of the Corporation. The Captain of the twenty-two having won the toss decided to take the wickets, aud at 12.30 the eleven appeared in the field. Bonuor and Alexander did not play, and J. Slight acted as umpire for the eleven,-.. Mr. Scaudrett taking the same position for the twenty-two. Alick Slight -from North Adelaide played foi the absent man. The only one of the twenty -two who made any stand was T. R. Bright, from€Iar«, Ids con tribution being 27, and the grand total 66. The twenty-two now took took the field, Jarvis and Baiuiermau representing the eleven, Mortimer from Clars, and Mitchell toih Jamestown being entrusted with the bowlingr At first runs, came verysloniy,'but the taen soon settled down to work, several bowlers were tried but it was all the same, 10, 20, 30, appeared on the. .scoring board but Jarvis in trying to play- one from McLaren sent it into Mortimer's hands at slip. — 1 — 19 — 34. -Murdoch was the next, and was greeted with three cheers by the twenty-two. - He began scoring freely and heandBanjnermankepttkeirstumpsupfor the remainder of the day, although all the bowlers in the team were tried. When stumps were drawn the board showed one ?wicket down for 156, Murdoch beiu£ 76 not out and Bannerman 56 not out. There was a large attendance, 600 having paid for ad mission. In the evening a concert, in aid of the cricket club was given by the Philhar monic Society, it being under the patronage of the Australian eleven. The hall was full and though most of the pieces were old, they were vociferously cheered. To-day the business people close at 12 o'clock, and as the weather now is magnificent, there ought to be a larger attendance then ever. The wickets played very nicely and there were very few bumpy balls. . To-night Professor Pepper commences a series of three entertainments in the ghost line. , November 25. On Wednesday, Dutton Park was again visited by 600 people. At 12.30, the not out men, Bannerman and ..Mn'nlock appeared at the wickets ; at first the scoring was slow but very soon the men settled down to work, Murdock being finally caught by' Daniels in the slips for a well earned 88, the score being 199 for two wickets. Percy McDonald jtook the vacant places and immediately lifted -the ball clean out. of i the ovaL Bannerman soon after gave a chance to McDonald which was taken ; ' 3-103-230. Palmer was ' next ; McD pnald was clean bowled when he had made 13, and Palmer soon afterwards went for 8. Blackham and Groube did some smart running, and soon ran tip scores, Black ham 'being clean bowled by W. L. Neale for 37\. Boyle was next, aud hp sQon knocked up a score of 61 before he was run out in attempting one from an overrthrown ; one of Bis hits landed right on top of the pavilion. Groube was bowled by one going in after hitting it «n to' his foot for 31 ; aud Moule and Spofforth played out time, the former with 11 and the latter 23 to his credit, the sundries being 5, and the total 397 for 8 wickets. The eleven took their departure for'town toy the special train which left here at 7.15 to catch uptrain from the Burra at Roseworthy, having been well pleased with their visit to Kapunda. As they left the station, three hearty cheers-were given for them by 8uch of the Kapunda people as had assembled to see them off. 