THE MMItCUllY. WEDNESDA T MORNING, DEC. 8, 1880. Those of our readers who resido in the United Kingdom, and have watched tho progress of the Colony under responsible Government during tho last twenty- four years, are well aware of the difficulties that every Ministry has had to con- tend with in raising tho necessary revenue to meet tho demand for railways, roads, bridges, and other public works in all parts of tho settled districts in the island. During the early part of the prosont year additional taxation was proposed and carried through Parliament, estimated to increaso tho rovonuo by from £60,000 to £00,000 a year, equal to something like 10s. per head on every man, woman, and child in the Colony. Tho Colonial Treasurer estimates that the rovonuo for tho present year will amount to £430,770, and for the year 1881, £433,070, and should his estimates bo realised, ho calculates that ho will bo ablo to meot all tho expenditure sanctioned by Parliament, and have a surplus of £12,715 at tho closo of tho year 1881. We know there are several prudent Members of both Houses of Parliament who aro not so sanguine in their estimates of rovonuo] for tho year 1881 as the Colonial Treasurer, and have felt it to bo their duty to withhold thoir sanction to several votos for public works, until the effeot of the new taxing measures of tho Government is thoroughly realised, and also to afford the Government further timo to fully conBidor any measures that it might be thought desirable to pass through. Parliament, authorising the con- struction of new lines of railway, and roads and bridges, etc. As far as the construction of railways go, we may remind our readers that the Launceston and Western Railway, running from Launceston to Deloraine through the districts of Evandale, Perth, Longford, and Westbury, was oponed for traffic early in the month of February, 1871. It is a very good line as far as it goes, a distance of 45 miles. The original cost, including rolling stock and interest during construction, was pro- vided partly from funds raised by the landed proprietors, being shareholders in a company formed for the construction of the railway, and mainly by funds provided by tho Government. The advances made by tho Government amounted to £400,000, upon which the interest payable by the Government amounts to £27,000 a year. The only other railway in the island is the Main Line, from Hobart Town to Launceston. This railway belongs to the Tas- manian Main Line Railway Company in London, and was constructed and is still worked by that Company, tho Government of tho Colony being under engagement to pay to tho Company interest at tho rate of 5 per cent, per annum (on tho cost of the railway not exceoding £050,000) during construction, and for a period of 30 years from tho dato of the line being oponod for traffic right through. The trains run over the Company's lino from Hobart Town to Evandale -a distance of 122 miles-and from Evandale to Launceston, a distance of 11 miles, over the Launceston and Western Railway-a third rail having been laid along that portion of the latter railway to enable the trains belonging to the Company to run from Evandale to Launceston. The Tasmanian Government paid tho Company interest for four years, during the construction of the lino, amounting to closo upon £100,000, and havo also paid tho Company £32,500 a year during tho last four years, in accord- ance with the contract. Tho railway was opened for traffic between Hobart Town and Evnndalo in March, 1870 ; but tho trains did not run through from Hobart Town to Launceston, and from Launceston to Hobart Town, until the 1st of Novombor, 1870. There aro three trains eaoh way ovory 24 hours (Sun- days oxecpted), vin., a fast passonger train, running at an average Bpood of 23 milos an hour j another train each way, carrying goods and passengers, running at about 10 milos nn hour ; and a mail train at night, carrying the mails and passengers, and performing tho journey in about 12 hours. First class passengers aro carried at 3d. por milo, and socond class at 2d. per milo, and goods at ratos not exceeding the rates paid on tho Government lines of railway in tho neighbouring Colony of Victoria. These two lines afford immense advan- tages to tho sottlers living in tho neighbourhood of the lines ¡ but ns the interest paid from tho Colonial Treasury amounts to £05,500 por annum, being nearly 12s. per head on every person in tho island, the sottlers in other dis- tricts urged upon tho Government their claims for improved roads. Parliament having carefully considered the question, arranged to undertake the construction and maintenance of all the main lines of road in the Colony, and it is ex- pected that the cost of maintaining those main lines of road will bo about £20,000 a year. There are, ho we vor, claims from Bottlers resid- ing Borne distance back from the main linos of road, and it is proposod to construot those branch roads at the cost of the general Govern- ment, provided satisfactory arrangements can bo mado for their maintenance. It is also proposod that before the Govornmont undertake to ndvanco money for the construction of these branch roads, tho settlers residing in each dis- trict shall be assessed, and when called upon shall pay to trustees appointed by themselves an annual rate of one shilling in the pound to defray one moiety of the cost of maintaining the roads-the other moiety being paid by the I general Government. ii:.' J I The scheme submitted to Parliament during the late Session wasveryincomplete,andalthough it passed the House of Assembly-the Bill in,the shape in which it was submitted to the Legislative Council found no support- except from the members of the Ministry. The further consideration of the measure was there- fore postponed until the next Session of Parlia- ment, which is expected to commence early in June next. In the meanwhile it is expected that Ministers will take caro that the settlers residing in the outlying districts are mado fully aware of the rating they will bo called upon to Bubmit to, and as a rate of Is. in the £ on the properties in their districts will not justify Parliament in voting largo sums for the con- struction of these branoh roads, it is of the utmost importance that great care should be exercised in the preparation of plans and specifications to onsuro full value being obtained for the outlay made. It must not be forgotten that since the year 18G8 one half the purchnso money paid by purchasers of agricultural lands in the outlying districts has boen reserved and sot aside for expenditure on roads leading to those lands, and a like sum has been expended on the same ; and although there is no doubt that an expenditure of ono or two hundred thousand pounds in the construction of branch roads in the outlying districts would be of great benefit to the settlors in those districts, wo n>us,t cqnfes,q tljnt wo agrpo with those Members of the Legislature who take a prudent course, and insist on a fair system being provided for the construction and maintenance of the roads, before the sanction of Parliament is given to ti io proposals of Ministers, While on this subject, we may bo allowed to express a wish that Ministers would show some little sign of life, and call for tenders for all the new bridges authorised by Parliament to be eroctod during last Session, and also for the erection of tlio additional bujldjngs at £})o Hospitals at Hobart Town, LaunoeBton, and Now Norfolk. What can be tlio cause of the delay 1 Ministers were most anxious to obtain the assent of Parliament for the erection of tlipse buildiugs ; but, having done bo, they apparently thought. tl)oy had. done n]l that ivas required for the present. Wo trust tyey will soon call for tonders for all the bridges, as they will bp much wanted before the winter comes round again. Glamorgan Election.-Tho time for receiving nominations for tho vacancy in the House of As- sembly, caused by tho death of Mr. Mitchell, ex- pires at 4 o'clock to-day, The only gentleman who has been motioned as likely to stand is Mr. J, Lyne, Warden of Glamorgan. Goldfields Regulations.-New regulations undor.the Goldfields Aot will be found advertised in another column. They have been framed to suit the convenience of persons desirous of securing miners' rights and business lioenBes for the year 1681 under the now Aot, which comes into force on tho 1st inst. Several applications have, we under- stand, been mado by miners for rights and business licenses, which they are desirous of securing before visiting Victoria or either of the other colonies during the Christmas holidays. Wo learn that complete regulations are now in course of prepara- tion by the Commissioner of Mines, who is collect- ing information from those interested, with the view of making them as pqrfept as possible. After being approved, they will be published. lu tho mean- time the law provides that the old regulations are to be worked under until superseded. The Mayors' Picnic.-Híb Worship the Mayor yestorday entertained a number of gentlemen at a picnic. The party, numbering between fifty and sixty, left the wharf in the newly-arrived steamer Minx, a little before 10 o'clock, and after going a short distance down the river, proceeded to Elwick. Thero various pastimes were indulged in until 1 o'clock, when luncheon was served up in the pavilion. Afterwards the games wero renewed, and wero continued until 4 o'clock, at whioh hour the bell rang fordinner, which was provided by Mr. C. D. Haywood in first-class style. This important part of tho day's proceedings disposed of, there was a succession of toasts, beginning with the ' 'Queen and tho Royal Family," and followed by "tho Parliament of Tasmania, "to which the Colonial Seoretary and the Attorney-General responded. Dr. Smart' then proposed " The Army, Novy, and Volunteers," and Colonel Angelo, Major Crowther, Major Cook, and Captain Stanley replied. The Colonial Seoretary, in felicitous terms, proposed the health of the Mayor, and complimented him on the manner in which he had filled the Mayoral chair for two years. The toast was received with musical honours. The Mayor, in responding, assured those present that lie had always endeavoured to conscientiously discharge tho responsible duties appertaining to tho office. He felt convinced that no one could acense him of having intentionally done an injustice, and he truBted that whatever position he might hold in the City Council, he should always be found using his best efforts for tho good of the citizens. "The Visitors," "Tho Aldermen," "Tho Ladies," and "The PrcBs" concluded the list ; and soon afterwards they re-embarked and started for home, reaching the wharf a little after 8 o'clock. On the return journey tho Mayor took the opportunity to com- pliment Messrs. Watchorn and Pike on their enterprise in purchasing the steamer Minx, and wished them every success-an expression of good- will that met with cordial approval. Mr. Watchorn, in reply, Baid he hopod their efforts to bring the Huon district into closer conneotion with the city would bo appreciated. Supreme Court.-Their Honors the Chief Jus- tice, Sir Francis Smith, and Mr. Justico Dobson, sat in Banco yesterday, being within fourth term. In the Matrimonial Causes Juridiction, the decree «uti granted in tho divorce suit, Harlin v. Martin and Chandler, in July last, was made absolute.. In Equity, the salo of the property concerned in tho case' Whitehead v. Martin and Ors., was reported to the Court, and an order made in respect of the dis- tribution of the proceeds, the costs in the suit being ordered, after a short argument, to follow tho rate of division, the question of the rights of Martin and wife being left to be decided in Chamber«. In Alexander and Ors. v. Alexander and Ora. the whole of the deoree was, after a lengthy discussion, referred to the Chief Justice in Chamber«, where further evidence will be taken on the principal point at issue, the title to a farm. Saturday is the last day of term, and tho long vacation then commences. Criminal session« will be held on Tuesday next. City Police Court.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. James Robertson, J.P., occupied tho Bench yesterday. Arthur Meban, for disturbing the peace, Dn the Old Wharf, was fined 20s. 6d. Patrick Kellegher, who was an inmate of the New Town Charitable Institution, for destroying a shirt, the property of the Government, was sent to prison for 14 days. Henry Vimpany, a youth, on the informa- tion of Superintendent Pedder, charging him with stealing cherries from the garden of Mr. John Service, in Liverpool-street, on the 25th ult., was fined 20s. and costs, and cautioned. Charles Hardy, a Persian, complained agaiiiBt Richard Thompson for using abusive language, but the charge was not sustained, and the information was dismissed. Suicide.-Mr. W. Tarleton, Coroner, held nn inquest at the Exchange Hotel, Campbell-street, yestorday afternoon, relativo to tho circumstances connected with tho death of Joseph Stacoy, who formerly resided in Veteran's Row, Murray-streot. Four witnesses woro called. Richard Battlefield deposed to finding the man lying ou the floor of his bouse with his throat cut. The deceased had exhibited signs of insanity. Constable Foreman testified that the circumstances were reported to him, and having visited the place ocoupied by the deceased, he sent for a doctor. Witness found an open razor with a quantity of blood upon it lying upon a table. Dr. Benjafield deposed to finding the deceased with an extensive cut across the throat. He was very weak, having lost about a quart of blood. When asked whether ho had done it himself, he replied that he had, and that he would have hung himself if he had not done what bo had. Dr. R. S. Bright, who had charge of the ward in tho General Hospital to whioh the deceased was admitted, desoribed the mode of treatment, and expressed the opinion that death resulted from the wound in tho throat. A verdict was returned to the effect that death resulted from a wound which Stacey inflicted upon liimBelf whilst of un- sound mind. Coroners' Inquests.-The officers who have to Bee to tho summoning of juries frequently aro put to oonsidorablo inconvenience in consequence of the jurors failing to attend. At the inquest held on tho man Stacoy, yesterday, two jurors failed to appear at tho time they were summoned to attend, and the Coroner instructed his olork to report the names of the absentees to Superintendent Pedder, bo that proceedings might be taken against them. Tho nocessity for the adoption of that course was, however, obviated by tho jurora in question attending before the jury was ompannelled. Larrikins and ins "Ghost." - A correspon- dent writes :-" The ' ghost' annoyance is bad enough, but any ablo-bodiodman with hi« witB about him and a good «tiok in his hand could aoon give a pretty fair acoount of his ghostship I The larrikinB, howovor, have hit upon the exons« of ' looking for the ghoBt' as a moanB for evading the police, and they now band together, armsd with sticks and stones, and annoy passers-by in a shameful manner. Gangs of these fellow« may be encountered in the outskirts of tho oity any time after dark, using the most disgraceful language, and pelting the passers-by as they have done me, only lately, with «tone«. If this sort of thing is to ooutinue «tuen« trill hare to :. n carry revolvers, for what could one man-unless so armed-do against a gang of twelve or fourteen of these roughs. I fail to see the difference between being struck on tho head by a lump of road metal, or being brought down with a bullet." Hospital Cases.-Mary Vcrgo, aged 50, was admitted to the General Hospital yesterday. She had, it was . stated, como to town from Port Esperance during tho day, and after arrival had been assaulted by another woman, who inflicted a severe wound on her head. The patient was weak from a great loss of blood, and remained in the institution. Jano Andrews, a child aged two years, whoso parents reside in Wutchoi'i-strcot, was admitted into tho hospital on Monday evening, suffering from diphtheria, and died in the institution yeBtcrday morning. The boy John Sullivan, who was thrown from a horao on Sunday la^t, and was admitted to the hospital suffering from concussion of the brain, rapidly recovered, and was well enough yesterday morning to be discharged. Obituary.-By telegram wo have tho announce- ment of tho death of Mr. James Puuch, of Sydney, whoso name has been for years well-known as a sporting man, and moro recently ns tho man to whom moro than all others Trickett owed his early successes on the Thamcp, na Mr. Pim oh not only took lum home but looked after bim well while there. From an exchange we loam that tho deceased was bom at Brisbane Water, N.S.W., in 1840, and so was 40 years of ago when ho died. He was himBelf a well-known oarsman in his youth. When only 15 years of age he rowed his first race of any note on the 30th November, 1856, at the Balmain Regatta for amateurs. It was a skiff race, and he won, beating two others. His next performance was on the 201 h Deoem. lier at the Woolloomooloo Regatta, when he won the outrigger race. On the samo day he also won a raoe in dingles for youths under 16. In the following year ho beat Dawson for £100 in out- riggers. In 1837 ho was defnatod by Green and Healy. On the 20th December, at the Wolloo mooloo Regatta, he was beaten in an outrigger race, but on the same day ho and Crowin won the pair-oars, beating tho Nicholls Bros. His next appearance was on the 26th of January, 1858, when he and Crowin won the pair- oars, beating six others. He next rowed his first race with MoGrath at the North Shore Rogatta, but was beaten. The same year, however, he won tho outrigger race as be liked, beating Green and several others ; and afterwards he and McGrath won the pairs. On May 24, 1859, at the Manly Beach Regatta, he beat White, Green, and Day ; and with H. Green won the pairs. He was again defeated by McGrath on November 30, at the Balmain Regatta. At the Woolloomoolo Regatta the following month he finished first for the outrigger race, with seven behind him and the same day, with McGrath, won the pairs. On the same day he beat Green for £100 in outriggers. In 1860, at the Hunter's Hill Regatta, he beat McGrath and others in outriggers. Beaten by McGrath the same year, he immediately after- wards beat Candlish for £100 in outriggers. His next race was on tho 23th May, 1861, when he and McGrath boat It. Green and H. White for £500 aside, on the Parramatta River. Shortly after R. and H. Green mado a matoh for the same amount and on the samo river, to be rowed for on the 22nd June. Punch and his mates were bcatep by half a length ¡ the outcome of it was that another matoh was made between the four men, for samo amount, to bo rowed for on the 24th August, 1S01, when Punch and McGrath turned the tables on the Greens. At Hobart Town Regatta, on the 0th December, ho was one of tho winning crew in tho Whaleboat Rico of eicht mileB, for £100, eight crews competing. In 1802 he beat Ben Oxlade, of London, on tho Yarr.», £100 a-sido. Then Mr. Punch retired on his laurels, and has spice been a Bucoessfql prqpriotor of one of the beBt-known hotels in Sydney. H¡B sudden death will be deeply regretted in aquatic oiroles. Presbytery of Hobart.-A meeting of the Presbytery was hold yesterday. Prosont : The Rev. James Scott (Moderator), tho Rev. Alex. Doctor (aoting Clerk), and Mr. T. S. Stewart, Tho Moderator reported that tho arrangements authorised at th« last meeting had been carried out, and that the Rev. J. A. Stuart who had, with him, conducted services at St. Andrew's Church, Now Norfolk, and other places, had returned to Victoria. Qther ministers wero expected to arrivo to taka up the work, but nothing of a definite nature had been agreed upon yet. Thoroforo it was neoessary for the Presbytery to moko appointments for the present month. He had spoken to the Rev. A. Doctor, who had signified his willingness to preach at New Nnrfolk.O'Bricn's Bridge, mid St. Andrew's (Hobart), next Sunday, the last-named church in tho evening. He (Mr. Scott) would preach at St. Andrew's in the morning ; at Sorell in the after- noon ; and at Sandy Bay in the evening. Tho Rev. Mr. Black had agreed to take the engagements at Now Norfolk and O'Brien's Bridge, and also to assist at St. Andrew's on tho 26th of this month. It was understeod that it would meet the viows of the people at New Norfolk if fortnightly services were held until the end of the year, when It was hoped more definite arrangements would bo made. The plan indicated by the Modorator was approved of. It was resolved to consent to tho Gala Kirk school- house, Glen Gala, being used for the purposes of a public Behool. It having been stated that arrange- ments had been mado for the examination of Mri Hull, a student, on the 28th inst., the Presbytery adjourned until 2 o'clock p.m. on that date. ? S. T. R. Association.-The President (Major the Hon. P. O. Fysh, Rifle Regiment) will present the annual prizes to the fortunate riflemen, in the Mayor's Room, in the Town Hall, at 7.30 on Fri- day evening. Colonel Angelo, the newly elected vice-patron, is expected to be present. The prize- men are :-J. J. McDonald, silver medal and £4 ; H. Bowden, £3 j A. Kirk, jun., £2; T. Ikin, jun., T. Humphries, and E. J. Hampton, each £1 ; T. Roblin, T. E. Self, each 15s.; G. Richardson and R. Plunkett, each 10s.; J. T. Morris, £2 10s. T. Ikin, sen., 30a.; J. Rogers, 20s. Friday oveningis one of the drill nights of the Regiment, and as the commanding officers will probably be in uniform at the meeting, those members of the Association who are members of the Volunteer force are ex- pected to appear in uniform also. Derwent Sailing Boat Club.-A meeting of this dub was held last evening at the Nautilus Hotol, New Wharf, to elect a managing committee and arrange the programme for the present season, There were half a dozen members present, but they did not carry out the proposed business. After settling a few minor matters connected with the club, the meeting adjoured. Cricket.-The return match between the Wattle Hill and Bream Crook Clubs was played at Wattle Hill, on Friday, 3rd inst. Tho total scores wore : Bream Creek, first innings, 43 ; second, 23 ; Wattle Hill, first, 66 ; second, 1, with no wiokets down. Tho latter therefore won by ten wickets. The return cricket match between Honeywood and Franklin Clubs was played at Franklin, on Satur- day last. Honeywood went in first, but only ob- tained 32 in the first innings. Franklin followed, and succeeded in running up a Bcoro of 64, or just double that of their opponents. Tho Honeywood men again went to the wicket, and made 58, leaving 27 for tho Franklinites to cot to win, which they suoceoded in doing with five wickets to spare. During the last innings of both teams it was raining heavily, and the novel spectacle of " fielders" doing their work in top coats, and "batters" wearing oilskins, was exhibited. The pitch was rather muddy before tho matoh was concluded. Trained Nursing.-At the Bitting of tho Economy seotion of the Melbourne Social Science Congress last week, Miss F. G. Holden, of Sydney, contributed a paper upon "Trained Nursing." It was read by Mr. J. S. Greig, the lion, secretary of tho section. The writer maintained that nursing was an art basod upon science, and the resources of instinct, which wero often insufficient in individual cases, were as nothing in the conflict with epidemio sickness, or when accidents or unusual disease ocour, or when numbers were down at once. Nurses were no moro " bom " than skilful mechanics or thorough business mon, and for want of the training, which dovolopnd and utilised natural talent-that simple elementary knowledge, which, though Bimple, was so doplorably absent in the world-valuable lives were constantly lost, and a vast amount of pre ventiblodisoasoandsufforingoiitailedupon humanity. Assuming that tho need for a training school for nurses was a granted fact, she proceeded to con- sider some practical points connootod with its establishment, viz. :-1. Tho necessity for comfort- able domestics arrangements. 2. Tho necessity for scouring a thoroughly good head. 3. The necessity for making rulos in accordance with the require- ments of Australian life. TheBB wore the points in such an institution, apart from the special medical and surgical training, which, though theoretically, and indeed in themselves, secondary and less im- portant to superficial view, did nevertheless virtually either make or mar the wholo work. This evoning, at 8 o'clock, a publio meeting to make arrangements for the annual regatta ;b to bo hold at the Town Hall. A good attendance is desired. Miss Whiteside will give a demonstration of superior household cookery, in the Alliance Rooms, this after- noon, at 3 p.m. The members of the Tasmanian Union Lodge are to meet for business this evening, at the Masonic Hall. The annual meeting of the Working Men's Club is to be held at tho club this evening, at 7 30. A meeting of members of the Shipwrights' Society is to be held this evening, nt 7'30. A meeting of the committee of the Now Norfolk race meeting is to bo held at the Union Hotel, New Norfolk, on Saturday evening next. 