NEWS OF THE DAY. The Irish Homo Rule party have chosen Mr. Parnell as their leader, and have decided to follow in the new Parliament a line of policy which shall lose no opportunity of im pressing upon the legislature the absolute necessity of affording redress to Irish grievances. The Spanish Government have another Cuban insurrection on their hands. Sue authority of tho Governor-General liasr been thrown a&ide;, the independence of the island de clared, and a republic proclaimed. The Porto has made a proposal to tho powers for the ap pointment of a European commission, com posed of representatives (f the signatory powers, to whom shall bo (A trusted the of settling the difficulty between Albania and Montenegro. Tho debate on the motion for an address in reply to tho Governor's sptcch was resumed in the Assembly yesterday afternoon by Mr. Mirams, who criticised the policy and pro ceedings of tho Servicr Administration with considerable energy acd severity. Kefcmng to their proposals in the direction of consti tutional reform, the member for Collingwood expressed his opinion that Mr. Service and. his colleagues had "not a ghost of a chance" of carrying the bill. In support of this contention hepointedoutthatthe Norwegiam schemeof re form hod been condemned by one member of tho Government and by several of their prominent supporters. When Air. Francis's bill was be fore the Houso Dr. Madden objected to the joint sitting principle, stating that ho would take away from tie Council tho power of deal ing with money bills. Yet, remarked Mr. jVUrams, now thai Dr. Madden is a member of the Service Government he ia ready to give tho tipper Houm greater power than it pos sesses at present " How do you know that asked the Minifter of Justice. " The bill is not before the Qousc yet." " The Norwegian principle," said Mr. Mirams, " has been de clared by the Premier to bo one of the features of the bill. " 3 will tell you all about it in three weeks," observed the hon. member for S&ndridge.; Proceeding with his observations, the member for Collingwood pointed out that All, Young, of Kyneton, Mr. Joseph Jones and Mr. Wrixon had opposed the Norwe gian scheme. Air. Jones had stated it was objectionable, not because it came from Norwaj, but because it went back to i stage in the history of con- stitutonal government long since past. In like nanncr, and on the samo occasion, Mr. Wrixon made a powerful speech against the propoal, and showed that the joint sitting would be destructive of the Lower House. Mr. Tocker followed Mr. Mirams. Ho chal lenged tie Government to carry out tho threatened dissolution, being convinced that if there mi a general election immediately tho Libra! party would como back with a majoity — a remark which was received with gnat cheering from, tho Opposi tion sidt of the House. Mr. Walker, Air. Walter ladden and Mr. Bolton, Alinisterial supporter:, delivered their maiden speeches, which eviiced considerable ability. Air. Lyell thought tb late Alinistry deserved credit for tho prompness with which they resigned office after tho general' election, and ho expressed liis opinion1, hat tho Alinisterial press was com plicating m.tters by improper threats 'of a dis solution. After the debate on the address in reply had proceeded several hours last night, the Government thought it necessary that Mr. Gillies should reply to the arguments that had been brought forward with such force against tlieir uncoistitutional conduct in post poning the meeting of Parliament for two months after a gomral election. A disposi tion had been show by the Premier to cut short tho debate at an early 6tage of its progress, but tho firn stand taken by the Opposition and the :blc speeches made on that side of the liouso rendered that course impossible. Accordingly the Com missioner of Railways was entrusted with tho task of re-stating, the constitutional argument on behalf if the Ministry, Air. Gillies contended that there was no obliga tion on the part of the Alinfctry to meet Par liament on the 9th Alarch, and he cited a number of English precedent!, which he said supported and justified what they had done. 'Jhe principle of tbeso prccederts, according to his viow, was that if a Govenmcnt resigned in England whilst Parliament ww not sitting, and another Government took their place, if tho new Administration wanted to go beforo their constituents at onco they must call Parliament together without delay, as was done by tho present Gladstone Government; but if the new Government did not desire to go before their constituents immediately there was no consti tutional obligation requiring them to call Par liament together. The practice was founded on the peculiar privilege of the House of Com mons to issue its own writs and direct the day of return, and it accounted for some of tho precedents, some for the early and others for tho late assembling of Parliament. Tho Alinistor of Railways waxed eloquent as ho pointed to the strength of his position ; but whatever force it may have had was destroyed by a single remark from the vigilant- member for Ararat, that in the present case the Go vernor dissolved the Houso on the express understanding that Parliament was to be called together immediately after the general election was over. The debate was brought to a close last night by Air, Graves, who mode a formal statement of the considerations which had induced him to take a position in tho House antagonistic to the Service Government. The lion, mem ber asserted that he was a thorough Liberal, and that he entcrtainod tho samo views which he advocated on being first returned forDcla- tite. He was opposed to the plebiscite, and as strongly opposed to tho Norwegian scheme. Tho plan of reform which he supported, and wliich he placed before his constituents in Afay, 1877, was an extension of the franchise of the Legis lative Council so as to give a vote to all rate payers. Although he had voted against the Berry Reform Bill, he conld not recognise the leadership of Air. Service, not having sufficient confidence in him. Under these circumstances he was an independent member. At the same time ho was bound to say that bo strongly disapproved of the action of the Alinistry in go verning tho country ten weeks without a Parlia ment, of the manner in which they had repealed theLongmore regulations, and of the dismissal of Air. Ford, the engineer of construction. At tho conclusion of Air. Graves's speech the motion moved by Mr. Sbiels, for tho adoption of an address in reply to the Governor's speech, was agreed to without a division. Onr Faris correspondent, writing on 10th April, furnishes the following information con cerning the French arrangements for represen- tation nt the Melbourne Exhibition : — I have had an interview with AI. Cavorlet, tho .dele gate of the Paris Chamber of Commerce, and of similar chambers in tbe provinces, and tho working bee of the commission that will re present this country at your forthcoming Exhibition. The French admit they were a failure at Sydney, and aro resolved to repair tho check in your, capital. AI. Cavorlet is a gentlemen aged about 55, of active business habits, and expresses himself very well in Eng lish. He leaves for Alelbonrne by the Suez mail next month. France will have about 1200 exhibitors, a total corresponding to that at the PJiiladolphia CcntenuiaL The number is, however, remarkable from the fact that whilo there were eighteen montli3 to prepare for 'the States World's Fair, not more than the one-fourth of that period has been devoted to making ready for your international chal lenge. Indeed, I might say it is only within the last few weeks that the energy of M. Georges Berger has stirred up Parisian pro ducers to enter tho lists, and tho result has been an increase of cent, per cent, of exhibi tors ; thus Paris will be represented by 580 houses, all generally serious. Lyons will send silks ; Reims and Rouen, tissues ; Limoges, porcelain ; and Bordeaux, a few wines — the latter probably considers it is useless bringing coals to Newcastle. Tlie Bud get Commission has doubled the rate for expenses connected with Melbourne, and tlie Fiuistcrc will leave Toulon early next month with a cargo ot rich exhibits. The Orient line ir. working hard to pick up goods here for your capital ; its charge for freight is ' CO fr. per ton and 10 per cent, primage; mer- chandise thus forwarded has to tmderoo tran shipment on arriving in England, always ei pensive and objectionable. French shin, brokers are still talking of starting staamen direct from French port? to Australia— that it the way to open up trade. If the Orient Com pany, or any other, were wise in their genera- tion, they would put on a trial steamer once in three months, so as to induce exportation the early bird will get the early worm. ' By the last mail Air. A. Afarks, Consul foi the Empire of Japan, received a communica tion from Mr. H. ICawase, director of his Itt- perial Majesty's Bureau of Trade, intimatina his intention of visiting Alelbounie in the capacity of Commissioner-General for the Ex. hibition. The Japanese Government, it is inti« mated, have applied for close npon 6000 square feet of space, and a liberal provision has been made for the expenses connected with representation of the empire — a sua of £7000 having been voted. Air. Marks ia asked to take chargo of the goods pro tan., and to arrange with the commissioners for & good position in the Exhibition. The Commis sioner-General will probably arrive about the end of July next. Tho Harbor Trust Commissioners will meet to-day at two p.m. The works committee recommend the acceptance of Messrs Forman and Co.'s tender at £5982 for the supply of two hopper barges. The committee, having considered the applications for the office of assistant civil engineer, recommend Messrs, M'Lean, Thwaites, D'Ebro, Buchanan, Doolan, and Wotherspoon as being qualified for the vacancy. The finance committee recommend that the offer of Mr. A. Wilson of £20 per annum for the proposed now ferry near the new canal works be accepted. Thq committee recommend payment of accounts amounting to £3459. The commissioners will receive a depu tation from tbe warehousemen's trade com. mittee on the subject of insufficient shed accommodation. The Orient Steam Navigation Company' steamship Cuzco left Hobson'a Bay at two pun. yesterday, for London via Adelaide and the Suez Canal. She takes a large cargo, in cluded in which aro two boxes containing 3300 sovereigns. The passengers number in 201, viz., 44 in the saloon, 52 in the second «aW>n and 108 in the steerage. The second saloon of thi3 vessel has been altered and re-fitted, making a very handsome apartment. The ship British Sceptre, which arrived at Port Phillip Heads on the 13th inst, was at onca placed in quarantine in consequence of a man having been attacked with small- pox on the voyage. It was an isolated case, and had on arrival been convalescent fifty days. The ves sel has since been thoroughly fumigated, all on board vaccinated, and the man ana his attend ant landed at the quarantine station, where they will remain for some little time yet. The ship, however, was released yesterday, and will roach Hobson's Bay this morning early. The Government steamer Pharoe left the Bay yesterday for King's Island. Amongst other passengers by her was Captain Payne, Chief Harbormaster, who went to inspect the new lighthouse. Tho Speaker yesterday finally laid npon the table of tho Assembly kis warrant foi the appointment of tho Elections and Qnali< fications Committee. It was expected thai Air. Gaunson would have selected the oppor tunity of moving his contingent resolution in reference to the question of privilege as to the validity of the election of Alinisters under writs issued by tbe Governor on the 8th Alarch, 1880, and proposing that it be referred to the committee to try the same and report to the House. However the member for Ararat did not move in the mat ter ; and although his resolution still remataa on the paper, it is understood that he has abandoned his intention of proceeding with it. " Let us have no more political larrikinism " said tbe Premier, in the course of one of his recent after-dinner speeches, forgetful of the extent to which he and his party were respon sible for the disorderly proceedings and larri kinism of last session. Air. Alirams referred to this matter yesterday, and drew attention to one or two interesting facts showing the extent to which Air. Service had petted, patronised, and rewarded somo of the unscrupulous intriguers and agitators of last year. One gentleman, ho said, who had been tlie loudest and most clamorous in his abuse and strong language and unparliamentary conduct had been rewarded with a seat in the Cabinet, It was reported that another member of the last Parliament, who had distinguished himself in a similar manner, in order to defeat and em barrass the late Government, had been offered the post of whip at a salary of £1000 per year. A third gentleman, who was most virulent in his attacks and personal in his remarks when ever ho addressed tho House, had . not been rewarded in person, but ho received a sop in the shape of a lucrative appointment — that of secretary to the Judica ture Commission — which had been given to his son. Thus tho Government had shown their desire to reward three arch-offenders who for their political larrikinism were the most noto rious members of the last Parliament. Under these circumstances Air. Alirams thought it was hardly consistent on the part of the Pro mier to hold up his hands in pious horror in denunciation of " political larrikinism." The position of Air. Francis in the Service Cabinet has been the subject of many expres< sions of curiosity by several hon. members Sometimes the hon. gentleman sits on the Treasury benches, sometimes on tho back Alinisterial seat. Tlie other day Air. Vale described him as a sort of political high pries! attached to tho Administration. Last evening Air. Longinoro expressed his opinion that the member for Warmniubool was the " moat liberal" member of tho Government, as he was giving his services " without money and with out price." Air. Burrowcs, one of the members foi Sandhurst, yesterday gave notice of his inten tion to move that Air. Joseph Jones bo Chair« man of Committee)?. There aro now three candidates nominated for this post — Mr. Cooper, Air. Gaunson and Air. Jones. A keen contest is expected, as members are rather divided on this question. It is understood that Air. Mason, the mem ber for South Gippsland, has made such ar rangements with his creditors as will proven! the forfeiture of liis seat by compulsory sequestration. Tho hon. gentleman did not tiike his seat yesterday, and no doubt will not do so until the order nisi set down for hearing to-morrow before Mr. Justice Moles- worth has been discharged. Tho Assembly will meet this afternoon at half-past four o'clock, tho first two hours being devoted to private members' business Among tho notices of motion which may boj given will bo one by Air. Service, intimating his intention to move to-morrow for leave to introduce tho Alinisterial Reform Bill. Tha bill will bo placed in tho hands of bom members immediately after its first reading. The second reading will be fixed for Thursday week. The election of Chairman of Committees is one of tlie principal subjects for this even ing, and after that comes the order of the day in referenco to payment of members, and Mr- Williams's motion that an address be presented to tho Governor praying him to send a mes sage requesting tho appropriation of money out of the consolidated revenue to re-imbursa tbe expenses of members of Parliament. Thi resolution, to be discussed in committee, will no doubt be productive of an animated debate. Air. Zox wiU, if possible, bring forward hi motion proposing to take away from individual members the power of excluding strangers, and leaving the .matter to be decided by an imme diate vote of the House. Notice was given by Air. Tucker yesterday of his intention to move to-day that there be laid on the table of the House copies of all correspondence between his Excellency thd Governor and the Premier relative to the fdrJ, mation of the present Alinistry. Mr. Graves has notified his intention of asking the Chief Secretary to explain the circumstances leading to tho dismissal of Constable Fitrp3trickj whose name has been frequently mentioned ill connection with the Kellys. Professor Irear son will ask tho Minister of Justice this after noon for an explanation of tho Action of hid department in calling upon Air. Robert JainoJ son, J.P., of Castlemaine, to show cause why his name should not be removed from thd commission of the peace before giving him tlie opportunity of refuting a charge brought against him by an Unidentified person. A deputation from theUnited W orking Men & Association waited on tho Commissioner oi. Public Works yesterday in reference to irig men from Melbourne to the Broken Creek diversion works. Mr. Dent said 320 inea would be required at present, aud that t.itf rate of wages to be paid by the Government on the sections of the work carried c-u by day labor waa Is. per cubic yard. He promise 1 to engage tho>e men whom the association selected from amongst the unemployed of Mel bourne. The Government would provide them with barrows, tentn and planks, and to thoto men who were unable to nay their rail-' way fare free passe would be issued, on cou dition that it guarantee was given that tliO amount of the railway f.'ire would be paid out of the wages eartttu by the men. The ?:ur de putation sub; equently waited on the i reimor, and asked that the Governnu-iit should recog nise the newly-formed UnLcd NY orking Mens Association, by placing a stmt of money on estimates to assist in defraying its expense Mr, Service, in replying, said this iiHtitutiO# the "working men : ' 0nn<,e(l to the formation of tosocia- T'this Wnd sinco tho faih.ro 1 tho bureau established five , „ ao. The government hail DeJiing ; with these undertakings, and -ho be- liaved that if the workin-; ra'en desired to have i-vh an association established they were quite abie to do it without the Government giving icv hein. The expense! would not be large, I n'-ht be met fcv a contribution of Id. or tit, i »er week from each member. If tne Vtorkiiiff classes generally took an interest in 1 the formation of the association, they would , _ ,fc he required to contribute more than per- . ,«n5 ord. pcr mon towards the expenses. j He promised to givo ft private - j MTipt-ion of a few pounds, but he de- , c'iued to ask Parliament to vote any money, j as he would be unable to give any reasons to ; the House why public money should be voted f.ir such a purpose. In reply to a member of j the deputation, who asked the Premier to | head a subscription list and give tho aasocia- | tion a start, Mr. Service said before he would cive his subscription be must know something j about the people who were connected with the association. He wanted to he satisfied that those who moved in tho matter really were working men. Tho Mayor of Geelong and Ir. Andrews M-L-A., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works yesterday, and. urged that certain public works in the town should be proceeded with at once in order to give work to the unc-m- rbved of Geelong. It was suggested that the Kast- rn Beach road required completing, and that Somo land near tho railway pier should be reclaimed. Mr. Bent promised to have both works undertaken at once. The Postmater-Gcncral has been supplied with the report of the board appointed by the (7tier-in-Council to investigate the charge pre ferred against the letter- carrier, I). Berry, of hiving been in a state of drunkenness whilst o a duK in Melbourne on tho 9 th March li?t. The members were — Mr. _ Cooper, M.L.A., chairman ; Col. Kede, sheriff J and ilx. B. C. Harriman, secretary to the Law department The evidence of several witnesses tended to show that the accused wa3 sober on that dav, although lie was intoxicated rn the 1 Oth, but thu board not baring any authority to recognise any other complaint than that made as to Berry's alleged miscon duct on the day named in the order, had no alternative but to recommend his acquittal. Mr. Cuthbert, baring considered that report, directed that lie should bo allowed to resume his duty, and he has been reinstated accord ingly- The following arrangements have been mane by the Education department for the holding of examinations — On the 15th and TOth June candidates applying for licences to teach in Ftate schools and for certificates of competency in music will be examined ; 17th and 18th June, further examination of applicants for licences to tench ami for certificates of compe tency in drawing ; 21st June, examination in drill; 23rd June, examination of applicants for admission to the training school. These examinations will be held in the Central School, No. 301, Melbourne. Early in July examinations in drawing and singing will also take place in the different central schools in country districts. The usual decennial census will bo taken next rear throughout the United Kingdom and var ious colonies of the British empire. The subject was referred to in the Assembly yesterday, when the Chief Secretary, in Teply to Mr. Harper, said that a proposal toehold a statis tical conference prior to the taking of tho cen sus had been under consideration, and it was probablo that arrangements would bo made for the representation of all the colonies at that conference, so that uniformity of collection and compilation of statistics might be secured. It was meutioned by Mr. Itamsay that the cost of the Victorian census would amount to £20,000, and the Government was impressed with the importance of the undertaking, and the necessity of making it complete and suc cessful. It was intended to arrange with tho adjoining colonies to take the census on the same dav throughout Australia, and that day would be the date fixed by the Imperial Census Bill for the taking of the census in Great Bri tain and Ireland. The conference was to be held in ne of the intercolonial capitals to be hereafter fixed. Mr. Tucker questioned the Premier yester day as to the intention of tho Government with reference to tho revision of the tariff this session. As a matter of Parliamentary ftiquctte, Mr. Service considered the question was) premature, and declined to answer it. He asked the lion, member for Fitzroy to wait until the delivery of tho budget speech, when tho intentions of the Government would be made known. The attention of the Commissioner of Public Works has been directed to the large number of Government contracts not completed within tho specifiod time. In many instances the con tractors only employ threo or four men where a dozen or twenty should bo at work. Mr. Bent ha1 therefore decided that for tho future he will rigidly enforce the completion of all contracts within the poriod named in the spe cifications. His Honor the Chief Justico yesterday morning sentenced the various prisoners who had at the recently concluded sittings of tho Central Criminal Court either pleaded or been found guilty of the offences with which they had been respectively charged. Albert Franz, the mail guard, when asked if ho had anything to ray why the sentence of the court should not bo passed upon liim, expressed penitence for his crime, and asked his Honor to deal leniently with him, so that in another country ho might he ablo to start again in life and win back a ruined reputation. His Honor said the offence (that of stealing money from a letter) was a most serious one, and could not he passed over leniently. The prisoner apparently had been in a good position, and when lie sinned ho had done so without any reason for it. More than that, he had brought suspicion and pain on a targe body of upright men, and ought therefore to be punished accordingly. Tho sentence of the court was that lie he committed to a term of three years' imprisonment, with hard labor. The remaining prisoners were sentenced as fol lows : — Henry Humphries, housebreaking, three years' hard labor ; Alfred Thompson, larceny and receiving, three years ; Ah Ho and Quin Ding, receiving stolen property, four years and a half and ono year's imprisonment respectively ; John Lord, receiving stolen pro perty, ono year, with hard labor ; Frank D&rrah;, embezzlement, eighteen months ; and Terence Shanahan, indecent assault, two years. In the City Court yesterday a case present ing some peculiar features was investigated. A person named Ales, residing in Hlmbank- Icrrace, was charged by "William Walters with stealing a ton of coal. It appeared from the evidence of Walters that he had lived in 15lm- hauk'terrace, Victoria-parade, but that about a week ago be effected a " moonlight flitting,' in order to escape a distraint for rent. He left the fuel behind him, and his neighbors, the Ales', tho next day appropriated the coal, thinking that he would make no further claim upon it. During the day, however, Walters returned and finding the coal gone, expressed his intention, in a tono of voice loud enough for tho neighbors to hear, of taking criminal proceedings against someone for stealing it. He left in order to set the law in motiou, and when he returned ho fouod his laie neighbors shovelling the coal which they had taken, baric into tho yard from which it had been lately removed. Mr. Call, P.M., dis missed the case. The young man John Oakley, who was arrested on the charge of stealing rings from the rhop of Messrs. Denis Bros., pleaded guilty when brought before the City Bench yesterday. He" has been in the employ of Meters. Denis Bros, as a porter, and appro priated the rings. The tajuch sent him to gaol fur twelve months. An old man named Henry Steel was brought before tho City Bench yesterday charged with being a vagrant. He was found sitting on & doorstep, and told tho constable that be had been breaking stones at 35dom and could not earn a living. He came to town and sought admission to the Melbourne Hospital in couse- qnence of being a sufferer from ulcers in his lege, but the hospital was crowded and his ap plication was refused. Sergeant Moonej said that Steel's legs were in a frightful condition, and he could scarcely walk. The bench sent him to gaol for four months for medical treat ment. A case presenting boid® features of interest was heard in the Collingwood Court yesterday. A Mrs. Jaue Griffiths sued ouc Patrick Ryan for twenty-three weeks' rent at 10s. per week. The defendant stated that he owed only seven weeks' rent, and he brought up a rent- hock signed to prove it. Mr. M'Kcrm, who appeared for the plaintiff, declared that the "book had been tampered with, and that in one place, where Mrs. Griffiths had received only 10e., the defendant's book gave the amount as £1 l(\s. In the opinion of the bench an altera tion h;ul been made, for on examination through a microscope the ink looked quite fresh. In another place the book showed that the defendant bad paid for five weeks when he owed only for four. The bench considered the circumstances so auspicious that they ordered the book to bo impounded and the amount claimed to be paid. At half-past seven o'clock last night a constable was called in to a house in Little Bourke- strcet, whero he found a man named Robert Miller, who, it was stated, had taken h»alf an ounce of laudanum. Miller was at once removed to tho Melbourne Hospital, and exhibited symptoms ef baring taken poison. Under treatment lie recovered, and stated that hrthad taken the poison to relieve a pain in liia kg. A man named Francis Woodford, aged 25 years, and residing at Sandridge, was ad- mitted into the Melbourne Hospital yesterday suffering from injuries to his leg, caused by being jammed between a barge and a pier. Our Geelong correspondent writes tint .a I woman named Mary Ann Harvey, a resident : of Newtown, aged 70 years, met with an : accident last evening, on tho railway line, near the Skene street crossing, about 250 J yards from the station. The woman, who had 1 been previously cautioned with regard to linger- i ing on the line, was in the act of crossing the i rails when the engine which had brought in I the evening train from Queens cliff was shunting into the locomotive shed and knocked I her down. hire. Ilarvey fell between the ! rails, and her left leg below the knee was crushed. The unfortunate woman was at once taken to the hospital, where she lies in a pre carious state. Mrs. Harvey was recently ad mitted as Rn inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, and left that institution at four o'clock yester day afternoon without the permission of the matron, The following transfers of publicans licences were granted yesterday by Mr. Call John Bourke to Michael hVaron, the Wellington Hotel, Collingwood ; Fanny Nelson to Eliza beth Stewart, the Colonial Bank Hotel, Little Collins-street ; 35. C. Smart to William T. Garford, the Grosvenor Hotel, St. ICilda ; Nellie Daley to Williiuu Ilicks, the Garriek Club Hotel, Flindcrs-lane, Melbourne ; John Finn to Margaret Flanagan, Treasury Hotel, Quccn-strec-t. The following applications for letters patent have been granted by the Attorney-General, viz. : — That of Mr. Robt. Bodington, of Queens- boiTy-strect, Carlton, for improvements in np- jvaratus f0r arresting sparks from steam engines; that of Mr. Thos. Loavitt, of Kveretfc, Massa chusetts, U.S.A., for certain improvements in machinery for post marking and for obliterat ing stamps on letters, post cards and other articles ; that of Messrs. Draper and Masters, of Melbourne, for improvements iirelectric in dicators; and that of Mr. 35. Waters, of Mel bourne, for an improved process for chlorinating ores, a communication from the inventor, Mr. J. H. Hears, of Philadelphia, U.S.A. 'Mr. Waters appeared for tho applicants in each case. At the Victoria Club last evening, a fur ther trial was made of Mr. Alfred lice's pro cess of preserving fresh meat. Some weeks ago a teat was made which was, in many re spects, satisfactory, but it was then decided to keep some of the meat for a considerable time longer. Tast evening there was tried meat which had been turned under this process on the 25th March last. The result quite justified the anticipations of the inventor. The meat, both beef and mutton, wa3 fresh and sweet, and could not have been told from recently- killed incut. It is intended to form a- com pany for the purpose of using the process. There will always, ifc is held, be a largo de mand for tinned meat-for voyaging purposes, even should the freezing process equal all ex pectations. The main entrance to the new law courts m William-street is to bo surmounted with a large and imposing Btatuo emblematic of jus tice. The figure has been executed from a small model designed by Mr. Emanuel Sem per, and has taken three months to com plete. It is 7 feet 8 inches in height and has been wrought from Taaraaniau freestone, at a cost of '200. T'lie .artist has made a slight departure from the ordinary designs figurative of Justice. Usually she is depicted with a baiidoge over the eyes, a sword rest ing on her knees and a pair of scales evenly balanced hanging from her left hand. In this instance, however, Mr. Semper has dis pensed with the bandage, and lias ho arranged the sword that the right hand of the figure rests upon the handle, whilst in the left and resting upon her knees are firmly gresped tho never-varying scales. The absence of the ban dago from the eyes may seem an important interference with the time-honored ideas which have always associated blindness with tho stern goddess, but in this the artist has precedents which he is well entitled to follow, Themis, of the ancients, had her eyes unbound, and most of the eminent sculp ture of the present day have adopted the same idea, amongst whom may be mentioned the lamented Ranch and Professor Hnuer, who is still alive, and was Mr. Semper'a master. The reason for dispensing with the haiuhigo is that with it the face is partially hidden, and, from an artistic point of view, is also spoilt. Mr. Semper in the execution of his work has been oxceedinglv successful. Ho lias imparted to tho face of "tho 'figure a stern, unyielding aspect, which the eyes render more noticeable. The attitude of tho whole figure has been well inspired, for it suggests a dignified yet earnest look of attention. The treatment of the head and draperv displays much skill, and the statue ia one which will bear inspection in every detail. It will he lifted into its posi tion in the course of a few weeks. The weekly meeting of the committee of tho Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday ; Mr. Gillbec in the chair. The following donations were received £10 from Mr. J. Clarke, £20 from the Eight Hours' Association, through the secretary, Mr. Bennett, and £20 from Mr. Samuel Jeffreys, Yau Yean, who had been an inmate of thu hospital. A roport was received from tho imposition inspector concerning an inmate of the hospital, who was said to own a house worth £60 a year, and to have other property in goods and cattle. It appeared, however, that the inspector had not made himself personally acquainted with tho facts of the case, and the committee therefore referred tho report back tn him for fuller inquiry. The secretary reported the state of tho house for the week ending 15th May to be as follows Admitted, in-patients, 52 ; new cases, out-patients, 163 ; casualties, 151 ; total for the week, -406; deaths, 7 ; discharged, 49; number in the hospital, 345. The monthly meeting of the North Fitzroy Reform League was held last evening; Mr. Charles Crisp in the chair. It was re- solved that the reading of the financial state ment stand over till next meeting. The re- pprt of the sub-committee was received, re commending that posters bo stuck up round the city calling attention to tho taking out of electors' rights, that a vigilance committee be appointed to watch the taking out of the3o rights, and that a letter be sent to the muni cipal council recommending that the electoral roll be compiled from tho burgess roll. Messrs. Marshall nud Heardon were appointed audi tors. It was resolved that all further business bo postponed till the next meeting night. The ploughing match of the Victoria Agri cultural Society" takes place to-morrow on Mr. James Sparkess farm, known as Springfield, Janeficld, near the twelfth mile post on the Plenty-road. As the entries are numerous and include tho names of first-class competi tors, the meeting is anticipated to be one of considerable interest. A salo of Crown lands took place yesterday at the rooms of Messrs. Byrne, Vale and Go., Collins-street east. The land offered com prised town lots at Richmond, suburban lot3 at Buttlejorrk, country lots at Yuroke, Gem- brook, Pakenham, Allambcc East and Drouin 35ast. Tho competition was confined to about four lots. The amount realised by the sale was £850. Eight of tho twenty-five boys located at the Jika Reformatory, Coburg, were taken yester day by instructor F. G. Jones to the Ballarat Reformatory, and the remaining number will be removed at the cud of this month, so that the Jika establishment will then bo available for the women from the Melbourne gaol, who, it is stated, will shortly be removed there. The tea meeting in connection with the an niversary services of tiic Albert-street ljaptist Church was held yesterday evening. A very large company 6afc down to tea, after which a public meeting was held in the church, ihc Rev. P. Bailhacho occupied the chair. l'ho secretary's report, which was read by Mr. Ucmmons, showed a very satisfactory stale of affairs. Thirty new members were received durin" the year, and the various organisations in connection with tho church, including the Sunday schools with 73 teachers and over 1000 scholars, the Dorcas Society and Tract Distri bution Association, all showed results of a very encouraging characteh The debt on tho build- \Urr would be aU but paid off by the proceeds ofthe meeting, and the church might now he said to be entirely unencumbered. Addressee by the Revs. S. Chapman, W. P. Wells and A. J, Clarke followed. The Minister of Public Instruction having trranted to Professor Pepper the use of tho principal Stats schools in the vicinity of Mel bourne for the delivery therein of bis enter- taininr and instructive lectures, the first of them will be delivered to the ccholars attend- Mr. Htulfield's school at the Brighton -road, St? Kilda, to-morrow evening, at eight p.m. Mr. R. A. Proctor, the distinguished as tronomer, .arrived at Sydney from Auckland yesterday, by the toUwahana, and will leave for Melbourne to-day in the Northumberland His opening lecture has been fixed for Monday next in the Athenaeum HalL The performance of La Fille de Madame Angot at the Opera House last evening was a marked improvement upon the last repre sentation by the same cast. The opera season being about to end, all the artiste seem to exert themselves to the utmost to bring it to a successful close. Mis EFa May waj in much better voice, and was beard to advan tage, and the same may be said of Miss Lam bert, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Johnson and Mr. Farler. The last named gentleman will have another opportunity of displaying his power, as he appears as Escamillo in Carmen, which i-? announced for performance for the last tiino this evening. At the Theatre Royal this evening the " inimitable" Barlow, A veteran favorite of the public, will give the first of a series of three farewell entertainments. lie will render his original Blue-tailed Fly and other selections. Mr. G rattan Riggs. whose engagement closes this week, appears to-night in a new drama known as the Coiners. The complimentary concert to S ignore Boema ha been further postponed until Saturday, the 2SHh inst.. owing to tho face that several artiste who have promised their services are engaged on the night of the Queen's birthday. The night was also found to be inconvenient to a number of the public who would otherwise he likely to attend the concert. The departure of the steamer Barrahool was advertised for Tuesday in error. She leaves to day us per amended advertisement. MTc arc informed that a telegram has been re ceived announcing the safe arrival of the llcv. "VV. TI. Lawreueo in London. We have been requested by Messrs. Mason, Firth and M'Cutchcon to direct attention tonn important announcement in our advertising columns concerning the preparation of the forth- ; coming Melbourne international Exhibition cata logue. The annual festival in connection with St. Mary's Church of England, llothain, was held last evening, in the Hotbam Town Hall. There was a good attendance. After tea a concert was held, an excellent programme being provided by the choir and its various members, which were rendered in a pleasing manner under the con- ductorship of Mr. Hay ward. Miss Middleton presided at the piano, and Mr. J. W. Hackett occrp'ed tho chaD. At the quarterly meeting of the Victoria Lodge No. 11, T.O.G.T., which was- held in tho Mechanics Institute, Prahran, on 14th May, the followingofficers were installed : — P.W.C.T., Bro. Watson ; W.Y.T., P»ro. Rcid ; W.F.S., Bro. Prrnlicc ; W.C., Sister ITodcson : W.I.G., Bro. M'Farlane; W.D.M.. Sister Tresiddcr ; W.R.S., Sister Hunt ; W.C.T., Bro. Standing; W.S., Bro. Cornwall : W.T., Bro. Mathers ; W.M., Sister Mar ; W.O.U., Bro. George ; W.A.S., Sister Prentice. 