The Advertiser FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1880. IN another column will be found particu- lars of the execution in Melbourne of Edward Kelly, the last of the infamous band of bushrangers of that name. We must confess that this fact is to us a source of satisfaction. Till the execution had ac- tually taken place, there was the possibility that Kelly might escape the gallows, and if ever a man deserted hanging it was the scoundrel who has now suffered the extreme penalty of the law. The mani- festations of sympathy on the part of cer- tain classes of the Melbourne public were not only a disgrace but disgusting, and would be quite inexplicable except for the knowledge that there is generally in a community a minority who are ready to take sides against the Government or the peace and good order of society. Still the circumstance that these expressions of sympathy have not been merely shared in but evoked by men occupying positions of importance in Victorian politics would be indeed surprising if it were not unhappily in keeping with much that is done in the neighboring colony. What, we want to know, had Kelly done that he should be an object of commise- ration or kindly feeling of any sort. When arrested at Glenrowan he sued for mercy, but Constable Kelly, with a very proper realization of the position, replied by asking what mercy he had shown Sergeant Kennedy or any of his other victims. From the standpoint of society this is the only view that could be taken of the case. Edward Kelly had by his acts made himself an outlaw, and had shown no consideration to the poor fellows who had fallen into his clutches. There was consequently not the smallest obliga- tion to extend to him the consideration which he withheld from others. But the State did not act in the least degree in a spirit of revenge. Although Kelly was an outlaw—made so by an act which rendered him liable to be put to death without any form of enquiry—he was placed on his trial, and provided with legal advice at the expense of the country. The case against him was established in the ordinary way, and he was allowed to say what he could in his own defence before the verdict of guilty was entered against him. What other verdict could possibly have been re- turned ? and certainly no other sentence than the sentence of death would have satisfied the demands of justice. Under these circumstances the maudlin sentiment of the Gaunsons and their friends was as ridiculous and grotesque as it was un- seemly and degrading. The history of the Kelly gang of bush- rangers was an extraordinary one. No explanation has yet been given of the means by which they succeeded so long in evading arrest. For something like two years the gang pursued their career of crime, murdering police- officers, and plundering banks, besides keeping an extensive and im- portant district in a condition of perpetual alarm, doing much to demoralise the com- munity, and costing the country an immense amount of money. When the naked facts are made public there will be little in the lives of these evildoers either to admire or to attract. Sufficient is known now to show that their ill-gotten gains were for the most part squandered in buying the silence of those who would otherwise have be- trayed them, and in the end the leader of the gang was so poor that he had not the means to pay for the assistance which he desired for his defence. Very much like hunted beasts they had to move from one hiding- place to another, ever in dread of capture. It is the old story so well expressed in the Bible, “ The way of transgressors is hard ;” and in the case of the Kellys there is every reason to believe that their later expe- riences were a continual succession of ex- treme hardships. But on this aspect of the matter we cannot do better than quote the words of the judge who presided at Edward Kelly’s trial. Sir Redmond Barry said :— “ A felon who has cut himself off from all the decencies, all the affections, chari- ties, and all the obligations of society, is as helpless and degraded as a wild beast of the field. He has nowhere to lay his head, he has no one to prepare for him the comfort of life, he suspects his friends, he dreads his enemies, he is in constant alarm lest his pursuers should reach him, and his only hope is that he might use his life in what he considers a glorious struggle for exist- ence. That is the life of the outlaw or felon, and it would be well for those young men who are so foolish as to consider that it is brave of a man to sacrifice the lives of his fellow-creatures in carrying out his own wild ideas, to see that it is a life to be avoided by every possible means, and to reflect that the unfortunate termination of such a life is a miserable death.” There could be, in the ordinary course, but one termination to such a career as that of Edward Kelly, and it came surely, although it may be somewhat slowly. It is a curious fact that this man, who was the leader of his gang, and unquestionably the bravest among them, should survive his fellows and expiate his crimes on the gal- lows. But there is a fitness of things about this circumstance. Very little satisfaction would have resulted from the hanging of Steve Hart or Dan Kelly, if their leader had escaped the hands of justice. Besides, then was enough in the character of Edward Kelly, in his skilful management, cool deliberation, and genuine courage, to throw around him such an air of romance as would to some minds have made this unprincipled vagabond a hero, especially as he never lost an opportunity of posing as a martyr, and describing himself as a victim of police persecution, and as the redresser of the wrongs of his family. But the hangman’s rope and the scaffold have taken all the romance out of the case, and Edward Kelly’s name will go down to posterity as that of the leader of a gang of highwaymen who most richly de- served the fate which overtook them only too tardily. With the execution of Edward Kelly we may reasonably hope to have heard the last of organised bushranging in Australia. ____________________________________ The time has now long once passed when evt-n tie most sanguine could possibly en ter-am a hope that H.&LS.; Atalanta or any of bt-r crew would be heard of more. Her disappearance has been complete, though portions of wreckage have lately been dis cern red 'which it eeems probable may have forced part of this ill-fated vessel, yet no really certain testimony of her end has been received, nor even any article found which can be positively identified as belonging to her. All are thus forced to the conclusion that she went down in mid-ocean out of reach of all human help, hurrying into eternity close on three hundred souls, and casting the shadow of a bitter grief over hundreds of English homes. We have now before us the last evidence that will in all proba bility be taken before the committee ap pointed to investigate this melancholy business. Unless the Admiralty desire to offer additional scientific evidence, which does not seem lively, the committee will forthwith proceed to draw up their report, and although pending the issue of that docu ment it is unwise to prejudge the matter, yet there are certain portions of the evi dence given by Admiial Wellesley, the last witness examined, which call for comment. The committee, which consists of Admirals Randolph and Ryder, Captain Batt, Mr. Rothery (Wreck Commissioners), and Mr. Waymoutb, have taken the utmost pains to obtain all possible evidence bearing on the condition of the Atalanta before goins to sea, and they hare wound up their labors by an exhaustive examination of Ad miral Wellesley, who was Senior Naval Lord of the Admiralty from November, 1877, to August, 1879, covering the period when the Atalanta was fitted out and sent to sea. From his evidence, therefore, we might have reasonably hoped to learn that the Board of Admiralty had made them selves thoroughly Acquainted with the merits and demerits of the vessel for the work she was intended for, Admixal Wellesley eeyesal, tinea expressed bis own personal canfi. dence in the seaworthiness of (lie ship, end stated that she belonged to a class of vessele which in the old days of Bailing chips were die admiration of tha service, and there is no reason to suppose that the latter part of this assertion is not quite warranted by fact; but the question arises— was ehe in every respect the same in internal arrangement, span, and general trim as when abe formerly Bailed the seas. The evidence leads the reader to believe she was not It appears that on a previous occasion the vessel had in the opinion of her officers behaved very badly, lurching qtncldy, find heeling far over in her lurch. A strong report to this effect was signed bj tite first lieutenant and the navigating officer, and forwarded by the captain to the Admiralty. It is hardly credible that this report, emanating from the person* clearly best fitted to judge, should have been utterly disregarded, yet such was the case. The authorities appear to have assumed that because the report was a strong one it was therefore unre liable, and the Senior Naval Ixtrd seems to have thooglathatglancing through it was all (hat could be required of him. When pressed as to why he took ao special notice of the extreme lurching stated to have occurred his only answer was (hat he set it down as (he natural exaggeration of the officer of die watch. Yet the report was of such a pronounced character that Sir Thomas Symonds said had it been thought reliable the vessel ought at once to have been broken op. One of the com mittee very naturally wished to know whether a report about which such an ob servation by an experienced mas wss pos sible ought not to have been considered more than sufficient ground for a fall and searching enquiry. To this question no direct answer was given. The report of the officers being thus dis regarded the preparations for sea were con tinned, and certain alterations were made in internal arrangements, notwithstanding that in respect of these very altera tions Mr. Barnes, the chief constructor, distinctly recorded his opinion that they ought not to be proceeded with. When pressed to say whether the Board of Admiralty gave any heed to Mr. Barnes's opinion, Admiral WeSedey declined to make my reply. From this refusal it is I surely not unnatural to infer that there was no satisfactory answer to be given. It was further elicited that the Naval Lords of tha Admiralty have no special duties assigned to each, and that, therefore, no particular thing can be said to be anybody's individual business. Unhappily experience has commonly been found to prove 'that anybody's business becomes ; nobody's business, and this is precisely what has occurred in the matter of the AtaUnta. There is one answer of Admiral Welleeley which ought to be a comfort. In face of the opinion of the man specially appointed for his technical knowledge to the post of Chief Constructor, he tolls us that he does not believe the alterations were mischievous, and that this could have been ascertained for certain, bat unfortunately, as Mr. Waymouth very pertinently ob served, "it was oot." One would have thought that the very tact of a difference of opinion *"^i"g on a matter of such moment between the Senior Naval Lord andjthe Chief Constructor would of itself have been cause for an attempt being made to ascer- 1 tain who was in the right. It is an nn- j called-for expenditure of public money to pay abigh salary to an experienced man to look after the construction and alterationof the navy, if his opinions on matters of tech nical knowledge are quietly to beset aside- Host of the onus, however, of the ultimate decision as to the seaworthiness of the ! vessel is thrown by Admiral WeQesley on : the comptroller, and >o also with regard to the propriety of the proposed «3ny?t^ TI ,, J The First Lord Menu to see and note all these things, but passes them on as bo af&dr; of his, to tha cemptrolkr'a department Doubtless the comptroller 1* department in their turn likewise passed them on to somebody else, or perhaps took for granted Oat the Rrst Lord had dealt with them, and had only sent the papers down to them to be looked at and pigeon-holed, for the Admiral ad. mittod that he supposed the Board of Admiralty should have seen the reportSt but he did cot know whether they had or not Among other alterations that were made the' bOge-beels wen taken away, professedly because they were not required for a summer trip, and still without the bilge-keek the vessel was ordered home by some person or persons unknown in the depth of winter. Again, the witness observed that he •*supposed" the Board of Admi ralty were responsible for the removal of the bilge-keek, but he did not appear able even to venture a conjecture as to who could have ordered the ship to return to England regardless of the season of the year. Another thing which the Admiral stated to be the duty of the First Nava' Lord appears not to receive much atten tion, and that is the examination of the log-books of vessels in commis sion. This is seldom if ever done, because ono man's time would suffice" for it. But if it is of importance that the contents of log- books should come to the knowledge of those in authority there should be proper means provided to that end; on the other hand if it be of no conse quence then let the fictitious notion of it being a duty be done away with. While the Naval Lords have not as a rule any special duties apportioned to them, Admiral Hood has taken the chief interest in and the principal management of the arrangements for the training of seamen, but Admiral Wellesley says he does not know whether Admiral Hood should have seen the reports about a vessel which was Ito serve as a training-ground for a large I fi'jnjber of those whom he had taken spe cially under his care. One Would not have thought that it required any very brilliant effort of genius on the part of the First Lord or his secretary to have remem bered that such reports might possibly interest Admiral Hood. One cannot help thinking that had those reports reached the latter officer in time, he would have promptly takes measures to gauge their reliableness. Admiral Wellesley's evidence as a whole is most unsatisfactory. It is not for us now to say at whose door the blame is really to be hud for the loss of the Atalanta. We must await the report of the committee before we can fairly form a conect opinion as to the cause of the catastrophe 4 but stress may justly be laid here on the mignmn^giMWftnt and conf oatoa offafiairsatthe Admiralty, made only too evident by Admiral WeUede/e answers to the committee; nor can we too strongly condemn such a system of as makes it possible for reporta of the gravest nature from officers ia the service respecting matters under tLeir can to be utterly disregarded, and for a distinct protest from an important official witii respectto works coming specially within his department to be compfefety ig?ored. These are matters for die most aerbu con sideration of the authorities, end we hope that in this direction, if in no other, a Hatful lesson will have been surely, though alaa dearly, learnt at tin cost of so many valuable lives. The omyfreah mteffigence to record in «•«■«*«« wttfa tbe rtrita, of n^fe. « «,. Jwuneajlway works it that tfae driven to the comber of TO or 80 lam jaiaad ateetbartMK «i strike. Itseen?«^onTlun?dsy«n ib? driven were askedto goto nkktkeS fated to do, and at onceunitedwitfa tfaeotfaer men. ney-toaarpartlncb? naimiiiih^ ejglit horns'qneafaan. XbeaeotieraiaxioM totaveitdeadysadcC?tood ttarttbeyareaew contending only far mndastiamcf Oasrwerkag borasa&daatCoratn; Inwinwil wijji jlj_~ efeoatato that ifaayare qatta wfflk« to aS The commission appointed by His Ex cellency ttie Govern* to coaaider the bast means of tfae Govenmaa?t acquiring tfae wharfs and wharf faantasesat Port Adelaide and other sea{Krta, when State money baa bee?orwiubc expended ontfae iuprovunentef aaab port., aa* of vesting the management in faarboTtnasta. exprea tbek vOliagiteai by adverttaeandlD tl>eqaestuo,«ad«faoaa.ywisktosiveend«am thereon. Toeavecxpeoaeaodteoabfe to wit nesses the earamiaaon will tola the eridaaoaaf residents a* Bart Wakefield, Pert Pine, aa* P«t Angoata when visiting those porU. A telegraph office was opened o? Thursday, November UL at —--«--*■ .. tr,- South Wake. *- """ We understand that Mr. M. J. Solomon, of the firm of M. J. Bdoman k Oe_ mS who ma compelled, aomeeufat yean am. to '**«*«•-* •JSLi 1 8 £rom p«*?ttirtiitothe Afldtade Mega,* IWtmaat m.Hu^, forwarded to «h we lent thai tt? TbabL eteaau*, aaOed tram Port Darwin for Ooaktosm enneeeof geld. * - ll" At the meeting of the Marine fioard on Thursday, November 11, • mrmanu iiflsiiw made by the Inspector of Oyster-beds to tfca effect that Od&bv; Bay and K&lidy; Bay ahsaM be rlnaed foe ny«<*r^ir«wljitw fgg mnntiqp. «aax was Approved. *^ Atelignph^officertOrxanowiuioaeiitf of Telegraph*. Congratulatory a?aM?swara aent ta the Bomm> dm lih.-^. iff-,,!:. -tfae OaauDJanoncr of Orawn lanok, .ad taw The fouWiraj tendere for Government worismraopepedon aboday.NoraadwrS:-^ Jfce &>giae«M?CiuaHi «fiae-*ar aaaatta*- SsSteSSs-iSisjirs^S S^w* «*- * B-d^oTiSU^S Ths folldiru« is • nend of the r^n- UH betwean 9 a^au m Wediieada.v and toe The number of births and death* r?na tetrtutbefeneEd?apafcrOaee feriagilai ■ifaaniaail Satardaf, Sdvember flLwas*—Sofia —amalea, lOJetutlm; deatb?-S« mfe., 27 Starts 107. l^tSfcfa^tfAfr&aT;^ SBdeattis;eu?aic(bucba,B3. Our attention las been dmwn to the frrnrnieta ™i*it^y towmid* tfae imbi maa Fonelvtheirofficea, at the ~-?^r flnwnm ofscfttataaaftta, waOette bmbacedia ntZ com HflMi. woo Beaeconar ana tm* i&Mb; £ 4k^ta£b rf aKaTSiafl^SS* rauie. 011 November 10, the city coroner m*trtatodj?quiw. into tkeorijin rfi fire which ooeazmd on "nrilij riiSt fa a S^SLS?* *%%?*, ** ■^VwWdfttfa: Demnaadhnn, of Hindley-obec* weak, ft wai ■trmUliMiflHut rw~~.~at.tm aadafc anfabaA andtfeaatfoe ?—*nnil beinfaaaiewlaWasaibX retired to reat {cat a heap of dnsa Id thbioeat with a lighted pipe tells D>o wbieh^frted laVto. **SJK*Si! •ideted aeeeaajgr. Dr. Pod Nesbit lias caHea at the city caranerii offiae awne iniiaial was m « tbebodjr of Cfcrirtia. LmtieiadZtokm tbat the motber of deceased brought bar to bin a few d?y? prior to her death at faia aananttant: rooaw. Kirn WffliMMtreet, and Oat be em a «*• tifieate of lonaoT under tfae imn^?B thai dm ncttber, wfaTkd aaid aha w«W wte tor daagbterta ttea«ffli m a?*|w**te_£~; « then on the waj there. The ■aotfaerghU?dto the doctor fliaideeeaaed bad aaid «o bar if eraE Aa «h mining tfaej were to look for bar ia tfae oam. About 200 volunteew mustered at the Staff Qffiwm answer to an alarm gna aiad ax 81Bm Thnwday aight,ana a amaaalwt u*& Dumber of tbe men wore their wartim dacha, not having bad time to pat an tbeir nmtatm. They piocaeded, beaded l? the ICUtarr Baad. tlaag KarUt-tenaee, through Kiag Wauain ttreet, down ElindcrMtcaat, aad bade to tba Staff Office tbroogb Gawkr-pUoe. Tbaafficeca PTMetitwereOoloneiSfiawjawa andlieateoasta Strotb«r and Drew. Beveralof «iemember*of the Bifle Amoriataon turned out. Dr. Joyce has shown us a pen-and4nk atawingol «? propoaed AdeWdV%e Infir mary, whMh bM,bem deafened by Maaas. Bngbah & Boward, and wfajabia tobeereoted ob the park lands, and almost lacing tbe old boHa. The boOding a^awaMitfcTbSu??^ndaS: etastialatniotare, and will provSeaMomiaoda tiocforabugenumbercf patieota. aaieaza?i teeta have senacouab/ oooaeoted to superintend the erection of the edifice for baUtbeaanal commission. The drawing v on view at tbe chop of Mr. G. Boberbw^booka?ller. Tha ,'Baptist Sundav-echool at Lvndoch Valley, «rfrtit?tea ifaj iuaivereary angand*y. November 7. Mr. Bred. O.BaiS« preached morning and evening, aad oo?dnehod aflowec aerva* in ttw afternoon. A piank) in connec tion with ttie eohod waabddV^AlWowncn Tuesday, November 9, followed bjVpubS meeting in the chmoh, a* which Mr O R^ypreridedL Baaoungmg reporTweS submitted and addteues wen given by Mesan. Jacobs, Barlow, and Bother. Sevan! eaoad congs were sung by the children under tfae leadership ot Mi? Button. Hiat?ichteractuu as organist. -Mi-MwwiWH? The Rill Court sat on Thursday, Novem •fM?" v^ M?we?iM B jpc«iedoii«wiiat ol the ftbeence of counsel and the short notaae given ot the aitdnga of the court. Tb«oMueof Kicholli v. Slt&x;&a;, a divoroe mxt instituted by thehnsband,wai directed to be tried before a judgeon affidavit ffajdaae v. fTaMmw,*wife's suit foe a judicial eepaaoks, was directed to be tried orally before a judge. la dee v. Lbs, a motion by a husband to be allowed to pro ceed in a suit for divorce without Mmj^g m respondent was directed to be renewed, and fuller information supplied as to the angnirfai made concerning ibe wife's adultery. The following is Thursday mocning'a weather report cm tbe Adelaide aadX&fc; Darwin Telegraph lisa: —Port Darwin, N.V, cloudy, fine; Soothpart,N.W.,cloudy, thonder etorm yesterday; Yam Oreek, K.W, cloudy, thunderstorm yesterday; Pine Oreek, aata, cloncy, thondeistoim yesterday; BirwrCath? tine, calm, dear, fine, hot; Daly Waters, N.W, flear, fine: Powell Oreek, calm, clear,fine; TennantOreek, Si,dear, fine; Barrow Oreek BJk.clsar,flnei Alice Bprmat, tm^tkatr, fina Port Victoria™ eo? BoeU ... _ 0D10 LVxt Idneain — OttO mdtaip ~. 01130 8fce«fcyBijr_ OO? Charlotte Waters, BE. clear, fine; Peake. 8., eleer, tne( Faring •.?%, steady, fine; Battana, &.w\,ekmdy,flae. Through the kindness of the City Mission —ttittw the teachers nl scholars of the Mission Hail Sabath-aohoul, numbering over 100, were enabled to celebrate tin Priaoe ef WeW MMUtr by their h*?l pfcnie, the site o*rm being the grounds a* Raith, Spring hank, to whfeh they wan conveyed in vsmeeUMuidtpri?gMrt?. Garnet incidental to Banrtnv nnhocj treats wore catered into with •art, cad prisss wan awarded to tha taseamfat oompettton for rasing, (kipping, fee. One of the —it pleasant featherings in aonnectwn with the wheel m brougb t to * efaae by hearty cheers for the yatoar for tha woof thagraaads. * A aale of leases of a deep well in the Hun dred ef Morgan. weU in the Hundred of Sorilpa, ButonJ leases North and Bart Baoleoomata on, town allotment* ia Pickering. Penola Xfarah, Loahiol, Snowtown, OoweU, suburban •MMoi.l ia the Hundred Baronga, and sobarbaa to Brooghton, Owen, Lapford, and Snowfcurn, Oo>a lauds Hundreds Balaklava and Wallaroo, took place at at tha Land Offioe on Thursday, Kottmber 11. There m a large attendance, *nd the bidding waa briik and high. The highest price realiaed was for section 62, S3 perdue, Hundred Play ford, County Jervois, Mretie. Miller k Say the being the purchasers at Onnner Green, wbo was injured at the military demonstration on the Prince of Wales' Biithday by an unlimbared gun knotting him down and going orer hia cheit is recovering. Fortunately the faijories are not «o serious at «H at first anticipated, being ehieOy restricted to a' dUneated S4liar>bone. By an oversight no ■Hate* of conveyance had been provided for muring any of the men who might be injured to Adelaide, and Green ni indebted to Mr. Albert Reynard, who drove him first to the hospital and then to his private residence. A letter of thaaka waa aentto Mr. Hayward by Ideal-Oolooel Matthews, who commanded the fans with whioh Green is ooanected. The retaia at the Chief Inspector of aheap ef the number of live stock imported into and auwrtalfawm tab eolany daring the nnarhtr ended Beptmaber SO, ■how that 59.898 aheap were imported, at whfch BS/JBl came frem Haw loath Wales, and 4,687 from Vic toria. The fatal namberoteattie imported waa T«?, af wafeh 1.65T aame from New Booth Wales, 6,ttT from Queensland, and US from TMarfa. The amfer ef horses Imported was ***•£•«•■ WmbMHW «o«th Waha,«>from Qaaanaiand, and «M front Vle teria. The total exports af lire stock were ?0, seatto Hair Sooth Wales, and the remainder to VMerea. Tha following message, was received by *ba?*4*r*ateade?t of Talegranhs from?ydney S ??!**l m *ab*> ~-'' Tka KHMrakawrived •Usi sanrnang, and raparta having Mated a swaa*e> thrw saasted etoamer eoath ofMoa togaVlalanA with aoaign reversed. Captain Walker atatas ahe ■ soak in about fifteen fathoms water." It wffl be seen from oar own }£•*••■?• *ft the steamer was the Lady Oar. teg, engaged ia the coal trade between MM hoaia* and Newoaetle.and belonging to Mean. Paten* k Kewkigin, of MelboSnS. At tint itweeteand that the captain and crew ware , lat*, tat tabar iatoil™. show* that they •naped to Noalagne bland. The Hew South Wales aaOMritia. have aant a abeamar to ressoe the a?eefr<w their present position. A peoeni msetuff of the Civil Service lUfle^wmaany was heM at the Prince Alfred How*, on Wswmbui 10, Captain Wiekatoed U the aha«. Mr. Boyee, to Ute andftar, haviDii reigned on MOHint uf hia return t* Ireland, Mr. fttd.&tnther; «a« appointed at hh |?lac« A «Me of thanks to gr. Beyea wi« paesed u y neebma'i'in. The chairman an n< oi ot-d tbaf Mr. Uarrivy Bellingham havia k?en ordered op north on aerviae waa ohUge «o n-ttra trtHm the poeitioo of secretary an treafO'tr, which he wry much rejrretod. Mr BauUiu was elected voanimoosly in hia ptaae A vofa- of Lhanka to Mr. Ballingham was earriei b* •r«hunerioa. Mr Hart wan elcoted as a ■:.>-B'h?r<?t the wreatiTe committee after which tfce nmttngadioomed. Mr J. A. Hill, who das for a coa •ideraUonnniber ef yean ooodastod the Oam aMreial AeaoW, MaTth^arade. Strethalbyn, m ab?it to leave that town for the Korthl 1 *^ «-*ift«tieanin OKeonwanity. •?*> JT™ fc«,?-«T -w* •?-*•«. For n ■•mberof yean ha hat bald the ante* ef aodi tor to berth fee diatriet aoancil Zd tL^ gragQ^andhiscantinaad wahntimi totki* S?^t^?l^ ?*••*«*?? in whioh ha hwa been held. The ieatitate. of whioh for ■•■* *••£■_ ** *" -** wi-««entand vain •We.fwmbac of eaammittaa, wiU in hie daparttre wastaia a severs lost, and in many way? hia ahseaeefrem:oar nudtt will be a matter xm regrav In response to an nnonvmaiu adr?riise f** •Bu"f?t to the pepVrs calling a meet tofrf ?*«PV«n of t>rey Ward for the Vwrpow af ooosidernit; who was the bf«t fataon to represent the ward in the forth- OU Qoaen's Arms on Tharatey evenine. praparfy eailud and bo arrangements had been •pj^ee-n***, i>,^^oS^aytS wnatoj?jawapwew?et meUned to proceed to *he meeting waa not helS^^i- i-tnent, aald he did !^?? *• &"" *?*< wh? h-ieJH^ashe tadha^ tavkatto*to<lo to ;and•omToTthe ntep^ran aaid tney atrengly objected to be<ng "A *S« •? fcf *be peraoo or penooa who *a?ea the aaeettng wHhont makinglproMr awvnvgemants. The jariadktioii of the courta_of Uwin flhwolvfag mnrriagei is one of the moat f?ttfceh) points in nattonai law, aa it «tve? rise to questions aff^eting the aevml jorisdirfaoj « the o?uri^, .« \--*??■•-*• •?/-?* their jariedktian. The 4ime?% <rf ahe atnsiien ia atUl farther inwiissri by the eaosatoaeJ eirnamataneo that «M •? w^f •« both of the parties saay be resi deatmdiA'««,*j«mai««... ? a. the duseta tfonof thanmrriagaalfeatsthe aoeialetataaof the wife in n special maaoer it ia easily seen what unfortunate results may follow from an iooobsutent dieshatye of this duty of pro nouncing ea the marriage relation by different -courts. These remarks are particularly applicable to Atn rica, where Uw Bute* Supreme Ooaxta have repeatedjy diasolred Rnjliah marriages, wLiie the partiet aatiog apon these divoros de ereMandiabasqaently marrying have bera ad jodgtd by the Bnglisb ooarta to be guilty of bisen.v. A large portion of Stotrpy'seeUbratod work on iaternasiawal law ia taken op with a eo?ftideretion ef thb matter. A cause waa brought btfore the Full Ojurt an Thursday, lf«v<aibcrU,whieb will probaVyopen aptiw wUte (jae?loo «f the S«ri«lw«on of tha«aart ef tbi* eolany ever aiurugetaootractod in other aonnUira. The facts are hefafly these, b April, 1877. William Powell Lm, nueter mariner, left hie wife. Emily Aw Lea, ia) Bog land, and became domiciled in thai eeieny. Siooe lt??« bis wife had aivea birth to two cbilHrun, and his eoansel, Mr. Sheridan,sopvsd the Full Court to be allowed to proaeedia? suit foe djvewe withont naming a co- respondent. In dfcmsttag that the applwation should be renewed with f ulbrpaitiottlnra at a f ntnra sitting of the eeurt the Ohiaf Justice expressed the tentative epteion that aeearding to the law laid down in meat eases the court of this ooloay had no joiisdicwaa on the marriage in qnestion. The usual return of the quantity of land aeld. and the amount Motived by the Govern meat on aeaumtt ef bmd daring the month of Ostober, Is pnbUthed v the Gtummeut Gaztttt. The amount paU tato tt?e Tieaamay on aeconat ef aaah sales was 4M04 Ms. Td, of which £899 Jls. 7d. was made op of bahwees from pcevtoas enetton sales, and <g??7a. waa paid aa de petit* <m 8 acres 21 perches of townahip lands, lor whan «3«5 3s. M. waa bid; 1.396 acres 3 nods of snbarban lands, for which £5.83S ISa. waa bid ; SB* acres of land, already pawed the tmmer,eaUa*£lferaeM,ud 13 acres small blocks allowed to he selected also diiooaad ef at £1 per aore. Tha total area aoU far cash we* 1 810 acres t reeds SI perches, for wbieh £9,«38 18s. 9d. was bid. Under the eaah system n total area of 14,438 acres was disposed of, of which KJilt acres were newly -opened eonntry lands, for whiah £36.101 13s. wa« eovenantod to be paid; 3JM7 acres of feafeito? kn<Ja, again offered and selected, f* which £3,«38*.6d.wa« bid, end SftHcrM of lands that had passed the hammer disposed of at gl per acre. The amount paid into the Treasury eat account of eaah sales was £3 539 10s. fa addition to the above the fallowing amounts were received:—Completion of par chase of 30.36*4 acres, under Act U of igs? 9 be, taHfiSt 12s. lOd.; payment of one-qaarW pgiehaaemangy, £243 IS*.; payment of half parchase-money, under clause Si of Act 18 of JB7J. £Sjm U.; payment «f portion of por ebase- ajMMey, a?S4 IU. 3d.; aeeoad iortalment of intenst, £t,4M 7a. «d.; esteaskm of credit (or three foniths of porehaae money, uuder ( lauwlefAet4«r 1940-70. £m 7a. td.; « tenskm ef credit far half of pnrehaae money, under e*anse M •? Act 18 of 1873. £IjOBB 11s. id.; tntonat enovardneamonnts,£2B3 6b.«\L; and £431??. waa received ter fanprovemeata. I A meeting of ntapayen to hear the ! view* of candidates for the position of coun , eillor for But Norwood Ward was held at the ; Gold Digger** Anna, Norwood, on Thursday evening, November 11. There was * good At tendance, and Mr. T. Caterer oeeupied the chair. A letter ens received front Mr. K. St. Barbe Mull*, on* ef the oaadidatM, apologising for his absence enmecountaf a *u4den death in his family, and hoping to be able to express his views to the electors at another time. The ohairman eaid the contrail had done aa much as laid in their power daring Mm part year. As far a* their tunas went they had metalled the roads, re paired Uufootpa^ and formed streets. They had managed to keep oat of debt, and the council at present had about £100 is hand. He thought it would take at least three-quarters of a million pound* to pat Nerwoed Mid Kensing ton in thorough repair, ftnd. with the rates now received he thought the balanae that remained waa highly creditable. He then called upon Mr. A. Benson, one of the present councillor*, who is offering himself for re-elec tion, to expteta his views. Councillor Benson eaid be thought he might leave his view* to the rs.teps.jers, as the? could see what had been done for East Norwood in the pastjeir. He reada financial statement for the past four years relat ing to the ward, which showed that the rates bad been doubled and the expenditure for salaries greatly reduoed, Mr. Taylor said he had been asked by 150 ratepayers to come for ward to represent Bast Norwood Ward. H tad been in the council in previous years, and profest* d to know a good deal about the prao ttcal aod theoretical business of the municipality. He considered that every inch of the streets should be paved and kerbed. Though much of the money had been expended daring the past year in an excellent manner, much had been done that was a great waste of money. He did not believe in patting second and third-class metal on the roads aa had been done. The town hall was a disgrace to the town, and they should secure a site for a new hall; he would borrow money oa the corporation bonds toereet the building. Mr. G. BitreU said he had represented them in the council before, and therefore left the ratepayers to judge how he would represent them in the future. He had been the meant of getting all the bridges boat in Norwood, and had paid £15 for the bridge adjoining his properly. In reply to question* all three candidates expressed themselves in favor of erecting publio baths. As to whether if a public meet ins; were called in opposition to the surrey of the town, would they vote for it in the council, they stated that they were in opposition to it. The chairman said he wooU like to say a few words of explanation in refe rence to his standing for mayor. He could assure them that it was against his inclination, as he til quite content to remain as coun cillor. Bathe had been so pressed that at hut he contented, hot he still hoped to be able to pat a spoke in for Bast Norwood Ward. Be might say of his friend Councillor Benson that he bad always been in fame of a new town hall, but ha thought the majority 2i *£ n&Siset;? wauU *" oP?omAlo i! S*-?^: Vniba« Os?r,M^.,proposed,and Mr. G.Wairen seconded, that Mr. £ Taylor tras ? fit •?* J«oper person to represent the ward. Mr. I. Veitch proposed, and Mr. John Joseph Barry seconded, that Mr A. Benson was a more fit and proper person to represent the ward. Mi. G. Roberts proposed, and Mr. J. P«ddy seconded, : that Mr. Birrell was a fit and proper person as councillor; and Mr. G. Smith proposed Mr. St. Barbe Miller. Mr Abbot secended the latter motion. A show of bands re sulted a* fallows :-MUler SO, Benson 11. Taylor 9\. and Biire? 4. 'Mr Benson then proposed a hearer vote of thanks to the ebauman, which was carried by acclamation. During the even ing a dispute occurred between M^sars. Beosm sod Taj lor, Mr. BeLton alleging that Mr. Taj lor h*d promised him not to come forward if he Mr Beofen, did so, ai.d rice xertm. Va.iou« pei*onalititg «e*e iudulged in but the difference <-i otd amicably. The city coroner held an enquiry at the Su&m-x; Hotel, Pott Adeiaide.on Thursday after *ocn, November 11, icse the eanse of the fire cbat occurred en the premises occupied by Mr. Bornr, greengrocer, situated in the market building*, on the previous Sunday night. Mr. 6 R.Selth waa present on behalf of the Aus tralia Felix In*uraocs Oompany. Mr. J. Eahn was foreman of the jnry. John Bums, green grocer, said skat he rented four shops fa the market buildfaga. one of whieh-thit fa, whfch the fire oeeurred—he used as a storeroom. The last tuX he went into this roam was ataUte bauroa Saturday night to see that the fowls which he kept there were aO right. Did not ta* she dear when he lets. One of his shops was kept open on Sunday, and on the day of the fire he went there Car some boors. Dil not go into the room where the fire oesomd dnnng the whole of Sunday, though be thought his boy did. On leaving the open shop on Sunday looked round at the others to see if the shatters were up and all safe, hut did net enter them. There were at the time of the fire, betides a few ban of potatoes, over a hundred bsgsof flour, about ten fowls, some empty eases and seeks, and a bag of rubbj<h in the room. Had no insurance policy on the stock and fixtures, although he had given his wife instruction* to insure them to the ex tent of £100. About naff «f the floor was already paid for. Had no idea how the fire started. By the foreman —Left •he open shop en Sunday night at about balf- paat?afolosk in the evening an horseback, and did not nstaxrn again until the following BMrning. About stx weeks ago had some poultry stolen from the storeroom. Thought other keys bekmgmc to the building would ankwk his atom. Mary Tcsom, married woman, said the passed the stoceiuuin m qcestieaen Sunday night at shoot half-past 8 o'clock. The deer wu open and then was a man Beside, but did not know who he was. Ihere was no light in the room, but could see that it was a tall man with dark clothes on. The man looked some thing like Mr. Boms, and she thought it could be no one else, though could not twrar to bis identity. Mr. Burn*'* fruit shop was open at the time, and there were eome csUdren there with Mrs.Barns. Carl Frederick Gu&ther.; chemist, of the market buildings, said he met Mr. Bans in the Smmi Hotel at about a. quarter to 10 o'clock on Baaday night. Mr. Bums only stayed a few inmates there, when be went out. Shortly afterwards taw him again on horseback going from the direction of his chop. Then went into bis house, and was just goiuff «s rest when be heard the alarm of fire given. Assisted the police to- pat the fire out. teen Bsva, icecream- maker, said he saw Mr. Burns in bi« fruit % hop on Sunday night, and remained with him * few minutes. Saw him again in the Bastes Hotel at about half-pas-. a o'clock, bat he only remained then a short time. Domingo Nevis, plasterer, said be was eoesing aleng the Port-road with a t ■ fend at about half-past lfr o'clock on Sunday nigtt. wfcen he saw that the shop a* the corner of the market boildmgt was on fire. One of «) c doors wa* open and the fire was biasing. On going inside saw there was a cask burning There seemed to be some shavings sod straw in the cask, which wen alight. Emptied the cask aad threw oat sense horning tag*. Did not , push the door open himself, bat saw a joung man do so. There were seme poultry cages in the stem at the tints, which contained* tittle fire. Did not e«« Mr. Barns about at the time though feds fruis shop was ' rpen. Did not notice if any one was in the ) shop which waa on fire. Could not nay what I the time was when the fire occurred, butthought { it might have been 9 o'clock or later. In an- ' ewer to Bab-inspector Sullivan, witness arid he Ail not know that persons rendered themselves liable to a penalty for breaking open the doom of a house in'which there was a fire raging. By Mr. Barns—Did not see any one coming oat of the fruit shop at the time. John Smith, who was also present, corroborated. Thomas Ban ders, drputy-eaperintendentof the Fire Brigade, Port Adelaide, said he was called to the fire at £ye minutes to 10 o'clock on Sunday night, aad arrived en the scene in a few nrinates. Sub inspcetor Sullivan was in charge of the premi-es sxd the fire was out. Had carefully examined tie store throughoat, including the debris, bat found nothing to indicate tbe cause of fire, tboagh he thonght it commenced about threefeet from the front door. Mr. Burns, on being re called, denied having gone to his storeroom on Bonday night. Did not know who it was Mrs. Temmsaw. The jnry found''that there was no evidence to show theorigin of the fin." A number of gentlemen visited Messrs. Forwood, Down, & Co.'s iron foundry on Thursday, November U, for the purpose of inspecting a locking gear apparatus for regu lating railway points and signals which has just been manufactured to the order of tbeGo vercment. The apparatus is intended to be fixed m the new signal cabin lately erected at tfee junction of the Bairne with the Port line in the Adelaide station sard. It wfll work the points and signals for toe junction, and is so arranged as to prevent the signalman from giving any conflicting signal or palling any point lever which may bring trains into coUi don; indeed with this apparently elaborate and yet perfectly simple arrangement it would seem utterly impassible for nay collision to oocar, as when the levers which work the main Una signals are mcves, even to the cjxtent of one quarter of an aneb, it is an impossibility ts move Oie branch aignal levers, and if a mam line train is passing over the points, when the signals show danger, Hie hranah points are ao set and locked that no train can pass from branch to main. The apparatus has been designed in the office of the &gitieer-in; Chief, and fa a modification of aid a great improvement on the apparatus wkiah has been for Mine tine in oie in the Adelaide yard. Great eat* has been taken to make all the parts strong and easy of acoen, and the parts are so arranged that if atany future time it should be Connd necessary to alter tin rods or aignab the interlocking can be easily transposed. Both the Oommuuoner of Fablie Works and the Engineer-in-Chief seem to be folly impressed with the idea that more precautions are absolutely necessary for the safety of the public now that the number of trains has co much increased, and they are de termined to adopt the most modern and rcientifie methods for reducing the rifka of ao cidents to a minimum. Messrs. Forwood, Down, aod Ce. have given great satisfaction by the way in which they have executed their work, and it is a matter for congratulation that the work has been executed in the colony at about tbe came price it wonld have east if ordered (torn England. Mr. It. A. White, the superin tendent of signals at the Adelaide station yard, who supervised the work, explained the worfc iig of the apparatus to the visitors, and has fnrnistttd us with the following description:— "The apparatus consists of fifty levers, each 7 feet long, working on wroaght-iroa turned shafts. There are ten cast-iron foot plater, measuring in length from outside to oubide about 22 feet and in width 4 feet. Etch foot-plate lias five slots, through which the levers pass. The foot- plates are supported by eleven cast-iron standard* which also carry the turned shafts. The tails of the point or switch levers are attached to the points by pipe-rodt, and those of the signs] levers to the signals by wires. About the centre of the length of each lever i« attached a locking-bar, with wrought iron inclined sidepieees working through catt iran guides; these incliued aidepieoes pass through brass actuating looks, screwed to wrought-iron slide bar*, which slide bars are at right angles to the locking ban; on these slide bars' cast-iron locks are also screwed. The -operation of pulling the lever moves the point or signal to which it is attached, and at one and the same time draws the locking-bar through the actuating lock, and by means of the in clined planes the slide ban are made to travel th« cast-iron locks into or out of notohes cut in the locking ban, thereby looking or releasing other levers." Tho Government we uodentand already have a similar apparatus of a amaUer type now in use, and they intend to have three altogether for use at the mile end in the station yard, and at the junction of the Port and Vorth lines. Af toe the | inspection of the appantoa the visitors went j through the works and took a casual glance at the varied machinery which is in use on tile premise*, and at some of the work turned out. An adjoornsnent was made to the Royal Oak Hotel subsequently, and Mr. B. Fraser, M.P., proposed tha health of the firm of Forwood, Down A-Co* saying he was glad to acs the ex cellent work which they were capahle of turning out, and boped that it would have the effect of making the Government and the public plaoe more' faith in the capabilities of colonial manufacturers than hitherto. Mr. Forwood retained thanks, and explained the way in which lie bad taken tha contract from the Government, and tbe way it bad been carried out at about English price. Mr. W. F. Gray proposed tbe health of Mr. K. A. White, I and said he was glad to see that the Government engineers were taking tbe trouble to utilise colonial labor. He alluded to the American hridge*,and said they were disgraceful specimens of work. Ha boped that colonial workmanship would aeon enjoy a higher reputation than at pircent. Mr White, in response, said a great deal uf blsme was attached to colonial manu facturers, becanse the? would not take the trouble togo into tbe datails of tbe drawings, «cd therefore had to allow large amounts for 1 ocntiogencira. Mr. J.F.Oonigraveproposedtbe health of Mr. Fraser, saying that he bad always i maoifetted a lively interest in the promotion of -olcnW industry, and Mr. Fraser suitably re j tproded^ j Tbe Brompton Wedtyan Church bazaar will be continued to-day. A meeting of tbe Adelaide, (rlenelfr, and Suburban Bail way Company is to be beld this I ?f tmicon at tbe office of the company. King William-street. Tbe adjourned annual meeting of the Feoth Australian Contractors' and Bonders' Ataodation h to be held this afternoon, at the office at the Association, Pirie-etraet. Tbe prizes won at the Catholic picnic, held on the Exhibition Grounds on Novembir P. will be distributed at St. Francis Xaviert- Hall this evening. Mr- Laurence, theapent forKwitmejer* Waxworks, infocna us thai after a ansnassfol tour in the Forth, tbe exhibition will reopen on Saturday next in the Town Hatt Bxohange room. Michael Gaodwin, who was admitted to tbe Adelaide Hospital on November t. suffering fren injuries receded by falling off ■ lone at BtatwVurr. died on Tbirsday morning. Tbe coroner bavin*; been eomnmnieatod with, is making enquiries, and an toque** win probably be beld. Tbe following members of tbe Adelaide and Bnbuitiaa Cricketing Association have been , •elected to play in the match against tbe etevan , of tbe Booth Anatniiaa Cricketing Asaociatiae next Saturday :—Messrr. P. Argall, W. BBey. P. Perkins, W. MoKenne, B. Osborne. W. Biehards, O. F. Wnkri&go;, A. Tilemann, B. J. Fairweather. James Bennett, HipweU, W. Anx«. A. Chapman, G. Eaton, W. Davis, .J. HalLJ.JWhwaathei.aurt W. Jones. Xmergeoay —John Bennett and G. Oraigja. (The fancy fair which mi opened on tbe Prince of WaWs Birthday, and oootinaed no tbe two «aeot«dfog day*. In tbe Gienelg In stitute, for the purpose of liquidating the debt on St. Frtrr's schoolroom has been a great sueoas*. On Thotaday evening a large number attended, and a very brisk builuess was don*. The total proceeds amounted to betwetp £180 and £240. -J.iob wai eonrideraVy reduaa tbe debt on the wheel. As there is a large surplus of goods of all fcseriptious still unsold it is intended to continne tbe tale on Saturday oext. I'rofersor Pepper's ghost entertainment ?t Gararr's Tbm<te wat again well attended on Tl.tiTsdsy evening. Tbe programme presented ■ it the previous night was repeated with some •ligM alterations, and wan rraeived with loud nanifcstarions of approbation. This evening :'rof<-F*or Pepper takes his farewell benefit «? d iraDy novelties will be introduced in the i-rrf r>B me. among others the burning of a dia n.iuH, 'nrnisbed by Mr. A. Hay, jeweller *-i*rt from tbe attractive programme, the \- '♦•* popularity of Professor Pepper will iVnhtless induce tha attendance of a large • ii<Jitory at his benefit. Tbe secretary of tbe South Australian Cricketing Asaeeiasioa has received a telegram frosa Mr. George Alexander, manager for tbe Australian Blevtn, from Albany, intimating-, tha tfnV willingajsai to ptolong their stay in Adelaide till our players return from Melbourne. Mr. Alexander adds that they ara all weD. An tafloential roeeption committee has been formed to meet tbe Eleven on their arrival, but as tbe steamer will moat probably arrive at Gtaw'g on Sunday their landing will necessarily be a quiet one. Eis Worship the Mayor of Adelaide will give them a poUte welcome in tbe Town Ball on Monday, and a grand banquet will be givan in their honor on a date to be fixed. •• H.M.S. Pioafore " continues to attract crowded bouses to the Theatre Royal, and now ttat the performers ara fainiliat with their psrts the ocvra goes with commendable brkk recs and jallity thronghont. We like Madame fTertee'a representation of the heroine Josephine, now that she plays with a con ?rirotious regard to the requireaaents of tbe character. In point of style and executiaa her singing is admirable, and tbe lady-like manner in which she poartrays " tbe lass who loved a sailor," is as enjoyable as it is effective. Mr. Beaumont as Ralph Rackstraw sings and plays in', his usual efficient manner. Mr. Verdi is' very well fitted with the part of Captain Corcoran, and deserves the applause with which he is greeted in his principal song. Mr. Vernoo appeared to great advantage as Sir Joseph Porter, and although his acting is not co good as Willianuon's his singing is superior, and he will compare very favorably with tho#e who have preceded him in the character oa the Adelaide boards. Mr. Templeton has not yet mastered tbe peculiarities of Dick pesdrive, but he renders the song in the opening of the second act in a very creditable style. Tbe other parts are fairly filled, and tbe midshipmite and Little Hebe deserve a word of encouragement. The cteros and Mr. Hareourt Lee and Hie orchestra are all determined to make ** Pinafore" a sue oms, ao tbat'tbe entertainmrnt has now become an attractive one that will maintain its hold on public favor for another week at least. 