Mr. Bowen's House-Warming. [From Glusmherfg Journal.\ CONTINUED. " WIio are yon?" cries Hamlet.: " I'in the brigade," answers tlie first firemnn. " And I'm the parisli," says the second. " And what do you want:here enquires Hamlet angrily. • / - " Yon don't appear fc3 be,«ware, fijr," says the brigade,', " that yonr kitchen chimney's on fire,". " Kitclien cliiinney on fire,!" exclaims Hamlet. ; . " Blazin most awful," Kays the parisli. " What's to be done, then ?" asks the manager, for the moment quite overcome by the calamity. . " Why, if youain't anxious for the house to be burned down, the sooner yoa lets ns £ret to the kitchen the better," replies the brigade. " Which it's also my sentiments, says tha parish. , " What an awfnl disaster ?" murmors Hamlet, and audience aud actors join in the lament, the Queen exhibiting hysterical tendencies of such uncommon violence, that JOIH-S Lints to die parish that it would be only k?hd to play upon her before proceeding to the kitchen. " Don't you be afeared mom," says tlie brigade; " we shall be able to stop it, if it ain't gone too far." If it ain't gone too far," repeats the parish ; " bat there's no kaowin'." " Then, why don't you go down at once?" shoots Bow»nerges. " AU right, sir," says the brigade ; " we're goin*. We should have been there some time ago, if you'd not kep* us asking questions." ."Delays, in these -cases, is very dangerous," adds the parish. Exeunt two firemen. "I'm sure we bad better stop the play," says Ophelia. " Nothing of the kind," returns tho manager, r msing himself—" nothing < f the kind ;" and turning to the audience, he apologised for the interruption, saia that there was nothing to be afraid of; that the fire would easily be "extin guished by the firemen and the servants ; hoped that the play might now proceed ; - and cnnclnded, rather unaptly, by saying that he would endeavor to prove that the fire bad not damped his energies. The play proceeded accordingly, the audience paying little attention to what was going on, and the actors, with the exception of Bowenerges himself, appearing utterly demoralised. Now, to net Hsuulet at all is a very difficult thing, but to net it when the chimney is on fire, is simply impossible, Gould any amount of enilicuiasui carry an actor through the p^rt when, in his b<»st scenes, he is interrupted in such a way as this 1 Th«* seen" with Onhflia is just finishing; Hamlet, bids her " to a uiinuery go," and turning sharply t«> rush off, comes into collision with a chimney-sweeper, who is going to sweep the chimney, accompanied by a friend wlio was going to see him do it. " Hollo, master!" says the sweep in an encouraging voice, supposing that the unhappy Bow--n is fl.-eing from the coiiflag:vti<»ri; " y»>u'vp. no cull to mil away. We shall put you out quite easy." " You've d^n* that already," says the miserable manHgcr. How long ihings might have gone on in this way, there is no saying, but for- i tunately a fireman, putting his head up the chimney, gave it as his opinion that the house was catching. A terrified housemaid instantly rushed np staira, communicated the intelligence in a voice of horror, and then took the stage, weeping hysterically. Whether tlie house was catching or not, the panic that this news occasioned was very catching indeed. The audience rose with wonderful unanimity, opera-cloaks and hate were scrambled for, and handkerchief were tied round heads, and in a remarkably short space of time the street before Mr. Bowen'e house was filled with people ill evening dresses, hurrying off as best they .could to their several homes. ; The manager stood for a minute regarding the deserted theatre, and then made his way down stairs to the scene of the disaster. The chimney was being dosed with water by some one on the roof, the chimney- sweeper was standing on the hearth with his instruments ready; the two firemen were talking together like doctors in consultation ; and a policeman was leaning with his hand on the mantelpiece, as if he were feeling the patient's pulse. " Is it going ont ?" asked Stanley. " I think we're getting it under," 6aid the brigade encouragingly. " But it may break out afresh," added the parish, with a warning shake of his head. " You don't think that the house will catch now,'So you?" enquired Bowen. " No fear of that," replied the brigade. " Unless there's a beam in the chimney," said the parish, "which Fve knowed such cases." " Hang it! I wish the governor wonld come back," muttered Stanley. «' Where can he be all this time ?" Yes, where could Mr. Bowen, sen., be all this time ? Why, the fact was, that in the interval between the first and second acts, Ophelia was suddenly observed to express great consternation, . and after a hurried search, was heard to •use these awful words: "There, Fve left them at home." " Left what at home !" enquired a dozen anxious voices. " The flowers that I have to distribute when Fm mad," said Amy, almost ready to cry; " and I prepared them so carefully." «H1 send a servant for them at once," said the manager. " A servant would never find them, ! replied Amy; "and he'd be sure to make some mistake."' "Fllgo for them myself," volunteered old Mr. Bowen. " Yon know I shall not be wanted till the fourth act So \- $»ive me careful directions, and Til just •change my dress and go." *' But are you sure there will be time ? asked Amy. "Plenty of time," replied the •manager, " if he goes at once." The good-natured Mr. Bowen started •off on his errand in high spirits, for the play so far had gone off capitally, •and there was every prospect of a triumphant evening. In the fulness of his pleasure he gave little jumps as he " lurried along, and whenever he drew 'near a lamp, the passers-by were astonished at the number of dimples that kept rising to the surface of his countenance, • ;as bubbles do in very dirty water. Well, he reached Amy's house, secured the flowers "with less trouble .than he expected, refused the offer of a -servant'to carry them for him, and set J off jubilant as ever on his return. < My Laertes is a hit—quite a hit," he said half aloud. " There's nothing like care- fully studying a character—nothing. Stanley's Hamlet surprises me. Upon my word, Fve.seen a good many Hamlets, but I don't remember one that I like better than his. It has more than Kean's polish, with more than Brook's " " Fire!" shouted a small hoy, tearing past him. " Just so," said Mr. Bowen, highly pleased: " the veiy word I was going to use. Very curious and funny, in deed." " Fire! fire!" shouted several more boys. " There appears to be a fire some where/' reflected Mr. Bowen. " Hurray! Fire! fire!" " Is it far off ?" one boy asked another. " No; it's just ronnd there," was the reply. " That's right," commented Mr. Bowen, if possible in higher spirits than ever; " for I could not have gone xnuch further, and I should like ju6t to get a glance at it. This is really amusing. Fire! Hurray! fire!" and he began to run. " Fire! What street, Bill ?" cried newspaper boy to a friend. " Morley-street." " Hollo!" said Mr. Bowen, slacken ing his pace. " My street! Hat's not so pleasant, though." " Whose house is it, Bill?" enquired the newspaper boy. " Old Bowen's was the answer. Old Bowen stopped for a second, thunderstruck; the next moment, dash ing forward with a rapidity astonishing in a man of his figure, he seized the boy by the collar, and asked breathlessly " Whose house ?" " Old Bowen's," replied the boy, surprised at the earnestness of the question " Who's old Bowen ?" said that gentleman, in his agitation scarcely knowing what he said. " Who's old Bowen ?" repeated the boy, breaking away; " why, old Bowen, the ironmonger as was, of course;" and as if to illustrate this explanation, he gave, a6 he ran on, a remarkably correct vocal imitation of the sharpening of a saw. There was no longer any room for doubt; and when he entered Morleystreet, the appearance of two engines and a large crowd about the door of his house only made assurance doubly sure. He pushed his way through the people, entered the house, and as he crossed the stage, encountered Jones, who, true to his ghostly character, still haunted the scene. " Where's the fire ?" asked old Bowen. " Kitchen chimney," replied Jones shortly. " Will the house catch ?" enquired the master anxiously, " Who knows ?" answered the Ghost solemnly. " Where's the audience ?" asked the deserted host* Fled," said the spectre in a gloomy voice. " And the actors, are they gone too ?" " Ay," answered the Ghost in the same tone. And the supper—has no one had any?" No," replied Jones moodily; then added with more cheerfulness: " By the way, I forgot that; the supper, to be sure;" and instantly vanished in the direction of the supper-room, as if determined not " to fast in fires" at anyrate. Old Bowen muttered something that sounded very like " Greedy beast!" and was hurrying towards the kitchen, when he met Stanley. " What a time you've been," said Stanley ; " however, it's all over now." "The fire's out, is it?" asked old Bowen, much relieved. " Yes, sir," said one of the firemen, who was just passing on his way to the door; " the fire's out, and the parish will come round in the morning." " What does he mean by the parish coming round in the morning ?" asked Bowenerges. " Means that I shall have to pay for this precious business," said old Bowen leading the way to the supper-room. Here they found Mrs. Bowen consol ing herself with a good cry, and Jones consoling himself with a hearty supper. " If you call this a house-warming, I don't," said Mrs. Bowen in a voice broken by sobs. " And if you don't," said old Bowen bitterly, for he was soured by disappointment—" I wonder what you would call a house-warming, for I don't see what you can have much more like it than a house on fire." * » # • » * » . " How is it you are home so early ?'" said Miss Tapper, meeting Kitty in the hall. 1 Oh, aunt, I've been so disappointed," replied Kitty. " The chimney took fire, and " u I knew it," said Miss Tapper, in a voice of the sincerest exultation—" I knew it. Fm very sorry—very sorry, indeed; but I knew how it would all end." ' Surprised 1 not at all surprised, : said Mrs. Flitt, when the news reached her. "What else could any one expect, I wonder? What are curtains likely to lead to ? I'm only surprised that the house was not burned down." " Ah!" said Mrs. General Gore to her informant, "sin "brings its own punishment, and so do footlights." THE END. 