. THEv TWO: /SISTERS :,QF. COLOGNE; ■• • • ■ MoBBthan forty yearsago Iwasapoor art itident, journeying over Europe, with a knap Sack on ,my back, having. resolved to visit, if "possiblvevery gallery worth a painter's study. X started with bat a few shillings in my pocket; hat .I had .colours" and brushes, strength of limb, and determination of heart.. It was my .'practice, on entering a town, to offer to paint a ^portrait, in exchange for so many days' bed and board; or, when I found no tnaa's vanity to be thus played upon, I applied at all the likeliest shops, and I seldom failed of. work. )Thus I was enabled to carry out iny scheme, •Whilst most of my fellow-studcnts wore vege tating.where I had left them, with minds un '-enlarged by contact with the men and the arts -of other countries. Though I left England with a heavy heart—for I was leaving behind me the hope and promise of my life—and though I was away on my walk through Europe more .than two years, " in weariness" . .. . and'-" in I fastings often," yet I never envied the unam bitious routine, tho inglorious rcposo, of my .less enterprising friends. I was constantly obliged to go without a dinner, when a turn of ill-lock (some temporary illness, or the artistic ■ obtoseness of a whole city) had drained my ;purse very low; but I seldom lost courage— courage and a confident hope in the futuro. .I was nearly in this plight, however, when I entered Cologne late one evening in September. .1 had been laid up at Dueseldorff for many days with low fever, and the belt in which I tarried my thalers round my waist had been ixnoch lightened in consequence. My illness .had left me weak; and I crawled into the town, ■dusty and footsore. Twilight was gathering -around the many spires and towers, as I crossed ttbe bridge of boats; a dark ruddy light alone \ remained in the calm river, where purple , shadows were fast deepening into black; and "the. reflection of a candle here and there , flickered in long scales of gold upon the water. t It was very hot. I sat down on a stone out t side the cathedral, too exhausted to go from tptilar to pbBt, bargaining for a bed, as was my .wont..; I palled a crust and bunch of grapes , from my wallet. Vespers were going forward, «as I knew from seeing a few devout old women -hobbling up the steps, and disappearing . through the heavy leathern door. In no like spirit it occurred to me, after a while to follow .them. It would be pie&santer; than outside; ;the soothing influence of music, the whiff of •incense, the luxury of a straw-bottomed chair ^r-these were the attractions, I fear, that drew • me. in. .Heaven knows, I was properly ; punished, inasmuch as I can never again hear j Cologne Cathedral named without a shudder. There were but few persons present, and . those were huddled together in one of the side ? chapels, dimly lighted by the flare of half a 3 dozen candles upon the altar, where a priest \- vr,u officiating. The only other light through out the,great shadowy pile was given forth by .afeeble lamp or votive candle here and there, nburniog its little life away before the Mother 0ofBeve& .Sorro ws, or the presiding.saint of some smaller betinselled shrine, and struggling out .^iflto the great sea of darkness fast gathering Over all. The chairs were piled away in blocks, J-except a few, left for the use of the devout, . near the altar. I preferred slinking into a ^confessional against the wall, where no ray of > lightpenetrated. I laid my head upon my • knapsack. I heard the priest's monotonous \- drone, .the tinkle of the little bell, the low ..heavenly murmur of the organ, and then—I fell asleep. • .f; Bid I dream what follows f As I am telling fou as simply and truthfully as I can all that know of the matter, I begin by saying that . I have never been able to satisfy myself en ... tirely upon this point. Assuredly, the strange ness in no way lessened, but rather increased . two-fold, as the sequel will show, if one can ; believe that the strong and painful impression i left upon my brain was produced while I was -asleep. I woke—that is to say, my own distinct im« . pression is that I woke—just as the service was finished. In half an hour the cathelral would : be silent and deserted ; then it would bo locked ; up for the night. If possible, why not spend -the night here, instead of seeking and paying for a bed elsewhere ? My legs felt mightily ,disinclined to carry me a yard further. At \- dawn, when the doors were opened, I should ' rise up refreshed to seek for work. But, even ' while I revolved these things in my mind, I . saw & light ccming down the aisle where I was \- —nearer and nearer. I slunk as far back as \- possible into the corner of tho confessional, hoping to escape detection. But it was not to *be. Thes&crutan; wa* upon his rounds, to see j that there were no loiterers in the sacred build . ingthis vigilant eyo spied me. He laid a . hand on my shoulder ; he shook me—I must move off. With a heavy sigh Irose, and then, for the first time, perceived two young women I standing behind the sacristan, tbeir'eyea fixed . upon me. No doubt they were leaving the cathedral and had stopped, arrested at the tight of a young man being unearthed from a \- confessional. 'It'was impossible to mistake that ibey were t-sisters, though one was shorter and much less ,- well favoured than the otber; but they had the \- tame grey piercing eyes, fair skins, and hair ;jwbich was something beyond flaxen—it was almost white. The hair was worn in a strange .fashion, which I caonot describe, though I see • it even now before me— the glittering .spiral < threads hanging partly down tho back, and surmonuted by some sort of black coif or conical head-gear. Their aspect, altogether, was.very ' singular; I found that, so soon as my eye had -^fallen on them, I could not take it off; and, to i-'say the truth, if I stared, the young women \- returned my f tare with interest- As I moved wearily away, the elder one spoke: r— " Have yon no money to buy yourself' a night's lodging, young man ?" ■ ; .-nT ,V'-€ I have enough for that, Eraiilein," I rc •j plied, colouring, " but I am almost tod tired to • go about and look for one. . . . -. . I have ! been ill, and have walked some miles to-day." The sisters exchanged glances. r;•. -r * "If it be so, we will give you a supper and >«:night's lodging. \Ve need no payment. Ws are bound; by a tow to help any .poor wAy- 1 .farer so far./.You, may. com© .with ub, young man/'--. ......... ,, ^- u Something within, mo said, VDo not go. But why? What young fellow of twenty would refuse the hospitality of two handsome women, especially when he has hut a few shil lings in his pocket; is tired and hungry ?• Yet I hesitated. ; " Accept or deoline it," said Bhe, who was still the spokeswoman, somewhat impatiently. " We cannot wait hero longer." We were at tho door as she said this. " I will paint yoGr pictures in the .morning, then, in return for your hospitality," I replied, smiling. I was a Tain boy, I am afraid, in those days. I had good teeth, and liked to show them. Tho younger sister, I saw, never took her eyes off me. There was no harm in appearing to the best advantage. 1 bowed rather directly to her as I spoke; and once more tho sisters exchanged glances. A hired carriage was waiting. Without a word, thoy stepped into it, and I followed them.; The driver clearly knew where to drive. Without any order being given, we set off Tapidly, hut in what direction I did not think of observing. Like most German carriages, the glasses rattled otor tho stones, so that I could not hear myself Bpeak. I made a futile, effort, but neither sister attemptod to respond. Both sat there, opposite me, motionless, leaning; back in the two corners. X had nothing for it. but to watch their faces in silence, and specu late about their history, as the lamps, swung across the narrow streets, threw lurid jets of light ever and anon upon those two white masks under the black pointed coifs. It was not until we had been driving for upwards of twenty minutes, and had come out into what I supposed to have been a suburb of the city, jadging from its high walls, that it suddenly flashed upon me that I had left my knaps ick behind me in the confessional. An exclamation of annoyance escaped me. " What is it ?" said the younger sister, lean ing forward; her voice was far more 'musical | than her sister's. I told her what troubled me. " Did it contain anything of value?" asked the other. I shook my head. "Nothing of value to any one but myself—a change of olothes, my colours and brushes, and a few books.". "The cathedral is locked now. It would be, no use our returning. It will ho open at 6; and if you are there before that hour, you will find your property all safe no doubt. . .... Here we are, Gretchen; have you the key ? Open the door." ^ . We stopped before a Bm≪, single-storied house, having a wall on either side of it, and no, other habitation near. So much I saw, while Gretchen (the yonnger'one) drew out a key and opened the honse door. The carriage drove off. I followed the sisters into a narrow pas sage. Upon tho right was the kitohen ; on the left, the staircase;' at the back a door, leading, by a flight of steps into a garden. " Come with me, young man," said Gretchen. " Lori will get sapper ready meanwhile." The elder sister turned into the kitchen; Gretchen led the way np-stairs. " We have but two rooms. ... Lori will prepare your bed in the parlour, after supper. . . . Will you wash your hands ? ' She struck a light, and opened a door to the left, at the top of the stairs. It was tLe bed room of the two sisters—small,' yet containing two beds, and several great chests. A black crucifix, too, I observed in the corner of the room"; " And you two live here, alone?".. I asked; " No servant P Are you not' afraid some times?" ' . ... ; She shook her head. " No, we are not afraid. | Lori is afraid of nothing—not even of ghosts. Do you believe in ghosts ? " . I laughed. ,' ; "Do not laugh," she whispered.Ghosts are the only things I fear. Sometimes X fancy I I see them in the garden there." She shud dered. " See what a fine garden we have . . . Plenty of space, is there not? " She was pouring water into a basin from an earthenware ewer, I remember, as she said this. She set the vessel down, and turned' to the window, through which the moon, which was : now rising behind a solitary sycamore, shone ! into the room. A square space enclosed by high walls where the grass grew rank, and a moB8-grown walk, I led to a little door in the wall at the further I end. This was what she was pleased to term I the garden. "ike violets grow rarely there in the spring," I she said, with a strange smile, as if interpret ing my thought. I When I had washed my hands, Gretchen conducted me into the next room, where Lori had now laid the supper. It was a small chamber, with an alcove, or closet, at one end, a great earthenware stove, and & number of gaudy prints around the walls. In the midst was the table, where three covers woro laid. It was decked with a bunch of China asters in a jar, and was substantially furnished, I was glad to see, with & pie, & dish of raw ham, a ! loaf of black bread, and some grapes. As for drinkables, there was a small jug of Bavarian beer, and there was a bottle of water. Lori I bustled to and fro; Gretchen lighted another ; candle, and set them both on the stove, behind ! the table. As she did so, my eye was attracted to the floor, on which the light streamed. It was uncarpeted; and a number of black beetles were running across it, alarmed by the illumi i nation, no donbt. Now I have always had an ; irrational repugnance to this insect: I i afraid my face showed it. "We cannot get rid of the nasty creatures," said.Gretchen. "They come out in myriads I from crevices near the stove; but the light | always frightens them away." (To be continued.) ■ They begged him to play a little. Ho seemed to feel bashful at first, but after a whilo, began to play vigorously. " What power ! '' said a listener to the owner of the piano. 11 Yes," ex claimed the latter in alarm, " lie eoems to have considerable musole; but he -ought to know that this isn't a gymnasium;?' ^ 