PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. Queensland Puneli, though still an infant in- years — as the title-page suggests— hits already commenced to crow largely, to the satisfaction of the generous public of Queensland, and the neigh- bouring colonies, who may he looked upon in tne light of its legitimate parents and guardians. The- Christmas number just to hand is admirable in every respect, letter-press, illustrations, and general get-tip reflecting the veiy highest credit on the- editor, and his staff of co-workers literary and mechanical. It contains so many good things, that it is really difficult to select any lor special praise; but in submitting a few, we may.nssure our readers — bagman tike — that the bulk stock is quite equal to the samples. There is a ballad legend of Sydney, entitled "The Panter and the Ghost," after tiie Iugbldsby Legends, which would have scarcely done discredit to poor,' wicked, clever, sneering Barham himself. " Mick " is a pathetic story, told, of one of those poor Sydney waifs whose capacity for good we never try to develop, and whose- powers of mischief we "are never tired railing at. It may be objected that pathos is ont of place in a periodical tike Queensland- lJuneh, but in this- new world of ours tears and laughter arc so con stantly commingled that the editor may be well excused for inserting a bit of life history so tender in sentiment and so healthy in tone. _ As we finish its perusal with moist eyes, the Christmas prayer of Tiny Tim rises from our hearts, " God bless us every one." Then there is " Punch's Exploring Trip," an interestingly funny geographical bur lesque ; and " Black Kate," a delieiously humor ous aboriginal idyll by Henry Kendall, a poet who " warbles his wood notes wild all too seldom." Altogether the number is unexccptionally good, and we can give our readers no better advice than to recommend them to buy it and read it for themselves. It would be hard to find a better investment tor sixpence. " The Australian " for January is an excellent number of this popular periodical. Besides the serial stories " Jacinthe " and " IVindabyne," there is one on the mineral resources of Ilia warm anu tne necessity ion rauv.uy cumumuiuauuu, which affords most valuable reading. " Tho New Editor " is a Califoruian tale, of which Bret Harte himself would have no need to feel ashamed. Mr. A. P. Martin gives a brief but complete sketch of the career of Benjamin Disrael, Earl Beaconsfield. The poetry in the number is well up to standard mark, especially " Midnight Ser vice." which is accompanied by an illustration. The Australian Engineering and Building Neies: is a most valuable periodical, and for a technical publication, as it is, contains articles of large general interest, besides being got up and illustrated in a. first-class manner, not surpassed by publications of a similar nature in England or America. The present number, amongst others, has an article, with a two-page wood engraving, on the s.s. Orient. Sydney Punch, Tor this week, has for its princi pal cartoon a representation of Sydney en fete. The amusing adventures of the Unprotected Female are continued, and a versified compliment to the- French man-of-war Rhin and her gallant captain, is written with taste and spirit. 