A GRIM JOKE. The inhabitants of a small township situated not more than the orthodox ' one hundred miles' from Murrumburrah have .gained greater notoriety by their mischeivous pro pensities than by ©other qualifications, and they are determined, so far as in them lieth, to maintain their exultant reputation, at least so it would seem by the following : — One day lately an old resident of the town ship departed from this life, and before the burial took place some of the neighbours assembled to hold a 'wake.' Previous to this, however, the manufacture of a coffin was entrusted in the. hands of a second-rate tradesman, but when finished, it was not considered of very elegant proportions by those in authority and was condemned, the carpenter receiving instructions to exercise his ingenuity in the making of a second box. This one suited better, and the corpse was laid put according to time-honoured fashion and left in- a private room' to await the interesting ceremony. In the meantime an individual possessed with an ardent love for Walker's whisky fell into tho hands of a few larrikins, and was made so helplessly drunk that his troubles were a pleasure to him. This individual was put in the 'condemned' coffin, covered over with tho lid, and placed in tho room whore tho wake was to be held, the corpse of the dead man being removed. This took placo in the evening, : and shortly afterwards tho friends of the late Mr. ? assembled to celebrate the wake, and indulge in tho festivities usual on such occasions. Things went along gaily while the individual in -the coffin was sleeping tho dead sleep of — well, not of the virtuous ; but presently the effects of the whisky began to wear off, and the supposed corpse simultaneously gave a deep groan and a kick. The room was cleared in an instant, and in tho scramble for: exit from the land of ghosts the ' wakers' quite forgot to take with them their hats and umbrellas. One young man is supposed to be travelling across tho hills at railway rate yet, and two: others have been anxiously searched after by their lady loves. Impounded at Binalong on 2nd September, from Bushranger's creek, by James Dwyor :: — Creamy horse, star, black points, a -nonr shoulder, w slanting near rump* collnr ? marked?* threo ? shoos on, aged, . loA- hawh. I To be sold 23rd September. i ~ , - i , 