THE Government have entered upon the'very" difficult task of. rectifying. some of the wrongs 'of 'their'prede cessors, aiid thie" Way in which' they are 'going about ;the invidious duty. seems to meet with general approvaL' In ithe firstplace, they could not have Imade a commencement ..in. a ý hap'pire spIot than the Ratilway Department wh. re they 'have determined to restore: Mr. Thomas ~iginbotlhiim to his former' posti as the professional head of; the railwavs. There can be no question /asm"to 'the lreason for"' Mr. ':Higin botham's discharge. :No'one doubted his honesty or his capability for..tlie position he had held for -so many years, and there b.an bebliut one opinion' asito the influences :which :operated in his summary dismissal., In defiance of ever?thing just'he \i was set ab'o?i his' business' becaiusehe' 6wasobnoxious to': tihendwpoliticali head of his"depar? ment,-aiid:iinowlthatthere is a Goveri-: ment in ,,power. ,hich.regards as .a p vicious abuse of atdiflidi.tythe'venting' of private-splee' against a Govern inent -ofcei; byhis" political ' head .urning him out i~of his situation,, it is oonly just that repi?ctatfion: slhould, be, made to.:. the victim., It is rigli in ..principle :that suich common justice slihouldbe done, :and in this particular case it is jpudicious:'in point"of :'ex "pedierincy.: Mr. Higinbotham has been' identified with Bur railway~system since its inception, and it was only very shortly :before he was summarily de *posed' by Mr. Woods,' hliathIli was despatched to.Euarope to obltain inforlna tion .and gain experience in modern railway" matters. eTlIe'simple fact' that this restorationi to ,office' meets. with almost the unanimous approbation 'of the /en in his` Department is a signifi cant fact:; 'and "iwe think that the general feeling of political friends and foes is 'that'in re-instating Mr. Higin Gbotham at the head of the railways a judicious step has been taken not only, .as regards the justice of the 'prboced;: ing to the gentleman himself but also in 'maintaining the efficiency: of the service. The Farrel.. appointmeht; is another misdeed of the late" lMinistry which -demanded adjustment. The. specinl 'qualification' clause was never more, severely strained. to :meet .an-exigency .than it was when.MIr.. Farrell \was jammed through. is into the °Pailiamentary" Library. Without the ghost of a qualification for the position, he was given £600 a-year aind .ocstody of the Library because he made way for Professor Pearson at Castle maine. , His sacrifice was made on the orthodox "Liberal" mode, giving up :300'a year in order to get double the amount. Well, in sending Mr. Farrell back. to Castlemaine the Government will be doing a proper act, and one which will have the commendation of everystraight forward man who believes that the State has a perfect right to the services of a good man when it pays a good salary, and that this system of purchase should not be tolerated in connection with Government appoint ments. So far, therefore, the Govern ment:have done very well, and if they continue to endeavour to dispenseo even handed justice aits they have done in these cases they can defy criticism in or out of Parliament. THE attitude assumed by the great liberal organ, the Age, towards the late Ministry, and especially its leader, has given intense dissatisfaction to some of the lesser literary lights of the party. The Age Ihas undertaken to divide with Mr. Berry's pronounced opponents the work of pointing out his misdeeds, and while the out-and-out partisans of the t late Ministry denounce this as' apostucy the Age defends its position with; the g very substantial argument that its re gai d for the best interests of the countr a is stronger than its devotion to a party. 1 -It is-unfortunate for the country that i the Age has not been'guided by such patriotic sentiments a little earlier in the day, for there is no doubt that if i Mr .Berry chose to-bopen- his mouth as I freely- as the Age -has done .hhe could show that the great' Liberal organ deserved a. considerable share of. the responsibility for theBlack .Wedieday job, and for other deeds of shame which ,t it has no? discovered" shouldimakethe angels wCeep. . Itmust be conceded that 1 a newspaper like the.Age :has ;:itstale e a large interest which;it could ill afford to sacrifice, and therefore it is not at all likely that it wovuld adopt a course like the present without a conviction that in tie end' it would be followed, by the people, who supports 'it. F t:'that reason we have an idea that there must be somiething' in the background more than the public are aware of at-the piresent and it -is just possibleihii~ t if - what is known of the misdeeds of the former ' Ministry ?would, make angeld weep, tliing which may be" divulged when -Parliamenta meets d would, drive theinm 'into 'hysterics' There' is some s thing behind without a doubt, and what it is time will show. 'At any rate the testimony the Age so strongly, bears to a the inefficiency of thie late" political 't.leaders: of, the" coiintiy is of no incon 'si derble vahiue for 'it comes fro iijan authority which has .been.for a quarter of a century. the .recognised .mouth piece of the party.Mr. 3Itrry undertoolk Sto leadendhas apparently now iipoken more in sorrow than in anger. THE .-" Governmint seem particularly anxious to pusli forward the Harbour Trist, anid some. of' their olpponents attribute .it. to it' desire to.. make hay w'hile 'the sutn shines :One thingg :is very clear, nothing caii be done without thie 'coiisent'of Parliainent, and' should the Government succeed ini getting. a .Bill through the House to enlarge the powers of the Harbour Trust it will only be after a struggle. And even' if the extended powers are obtained the f, whole matter is not over: then. The Trust will be enabled to borrow money, and will be authorised to cut a canal through the Fisherhni's Bend, which t will be very useful to the intercolonial or steamers which. now start from Sand ridge; but can .the Government compel the P. ;and .O. steamers, the Orient liners, and the other large vessels which are every year: becoming more frequent Ve visitors to the port, and which will in ,time monojiolise its ocean trade, to risk of damage by being hauled uip and down is the canal every time they come here? e' That class of vessels would never go up to Flinders-street, and it would be a .useless.wastb of public money to go in o for an unnecessary expenditure to pro l vide accommodation which Would never be availed:of. Then, as to the walls re with: which it'. is proposed to fill up ]r Hobson's Bay. "We do not believe we \- shill. ever see themu, because their erec tion would assuredly' destroy the Bay as an anchorage.. It would take ten years to carry out the Coode scheme if the Trust were able to do so, and it is quite within the bounds of possibility, that though the present Government:is fully disposed to aid in the" work, the cainal may be about as fair advanced ten years hence as it is at the present time. Tlhe woorld~jajubrory plief changes.. i " On our front page will be found all g new advertisements, including- auctions, Smunicipal and public notice.', those relating y to entertainments, &c.; . ,. .YESTERDAY, to-day, and Monday and' Tuesday have been gazetted as'public holi a days. -' " r s THEu;arrivals .into Victoria by: sea t during the month of February were 4,557; the departures wcere 3,559. " r :During the week ending the .13th. e inst. there were nine births and one death at Footscray and two biiths and two deaths at Williamstown. THE Wyndham Shire' Coiunicil 'will hold its . monthly meeting nst Wvednesday, e the usual day being Easter Monday, which i' a public holiday. SA reply from,.Hanlan has been re a ceived by . Trickett . from Toronto. He f simnply, says he cannot accept they challopgo Sgiven by Trickett to; meet m.England. a TEEE team "selected to' fitr this afternoon on lielialf of the Williamstown. Artillery -againis 'the (ti astlemiiie:. Rifles, .cosist of the followinig :-Sergeadts Dri:w, Pitt;!Litmhfibld and Stinta'n;, Corporals La?I caster" and' ', Saker, 'GOnners -Westhorp, \- Henderson, Benting and':Suith.i Emergen cies G"unner' G. WV. Reid, Major Douch and Staff-sergt' Scott. The Rifles `are'likely to win the day asi ist is on their own ground. -,' -W ohre requested to direct attontidn at the approidching fe-stiiv'i seasn,. to the \Vine Shades,: at the coiner of Melbourne :rdrd and Ferguson- street, ivhich are well yehtilited, well lighted, and tbhe only cool resort in ,Willianistowvn, 'where pure unadiul terated Wines eaV i c bedb oltaied at 3d. per glass or is. pler bottle. Host Hausen invites a call-to prove the fact. . ...- ' THE amount..of compensation paid to Mr. Elliston, :in codi? ection with the withdrawal of his action against the Penin Isular andr:Oridntal Cdmpany, has not trans pired. It is understood that the solicitor to the compahy was vcryanimxiaus that it should not beoa tatd aiid an arrangement to that effect wsi made between him.n nd \- those repretsenting 'ir Ellutsr TLs latter, Showever, was fully satisfied with what he i reccived. The president of the [Legisative Council has issued a writ for'the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council Sof Victoria for:the Central !Piovincei, in the room of the Hon. :i. T. Sargood,: who h as resigned his''eatr .:The following are,the arrangements for the election :--Issuse ofwrit, AMarch 24; day;before: which'nominaaions t'a bb mnadt,. April 3;iday.of polling,'April 1G; return of writ, April 23..: - •.' . : ." Mr. H.. l .Willisins is. the member who; has been selected to move.in favour of payment.of.members on the re-assemnbling of, the House. ;It is said that Mr. Williams is acting:in a friendly spirit towards the Go verninot, who on their part willgive him the requisite facilities for takiig the sense of the Legislature. ,The hen. member proposes the old rate of payment, namely, £300,per annum, and also that the remuneration shall date from the day of election. TIHE Catholic Picnic' at the Public Gardens ivill 'be one of the chief attractions in Williamstown on Easter Monday. The Committeehas issuedanattractive programme of amusements, including a number of foot races which will be run m the new running rink, fenced at an expense [of about £60 by the Borough Council. This is the first time the fence has been used, and it will be found a great convenience. There are a great mauy entries for the footraces, and the other amusementss'aro said to be numerous and 1 entertaining. OniC readers will remember that some few weeks ago Messrs. James Deane I and Co., owvners of the fiue excursion steamer Willianms, placed her at the disposal of the local Commnittee of the Irish Fmunine Relief Fund, for an excursion to Geelong. The trip was so thoroughly enjoyable that tht hundreds who went by the Williams on that i occasioi expressed a wish that before the I season expired the proprietors would on their own account arrange another Thursday trlipl that the tradespeople might enjoy the outing. In response to the representatins which have heen made to them Messrs. James Deane and Co. have laid on the Williams for a trip to Portarlington next Thursday. The Williams will leave the Ann-street pier at 0.30 a.m., and return before dark. The fares are only 3s. return, and children 1s. 6d, so that residents of Wiliiamstown and Footscray a have the chance of an enjoyable run down the Bay seldom presented to them. THE big-gun competition and heavy gyi drill arranged for /the volunteers on Satiurday lanst could' not be carried out. The weather-was the'cause of some delay, and after loti'had'been drawn by the No. 1's and the several detachnients ordered to fall in, it was noticed that the boat with the rango party was returning to the bayT; The proximity of a vessel to the left target was considered dangerous'if h'ell were used, and ini the face of other difficulties it was re luctuantly, decided to postpons .the. match foi three or four weeks... Captain Sneo.was all eady 'for 'the 'gyndrill,"and it was "o'ly partly finished, when a part of the gear was carried awiy. The' corps marched back, under the "codiomand of Majbr' Douch to near'the &Pest; Ofice add was dismissed.' ia ., ',?Yoi reRmid.sl0s.or 48 hours or being drunk and" disorderly, ani isd d,'! said His Worship, ': the next; time, ,catch: you here Iwill send you to gaol for six months as a rogue and a vagabond..' Outside ~the Court-house the, unfortunateo, man Imet a worthy townsman and was by him induced to take the pledge., The veteran swiper has not touched a drop of alcohol since; eand,.iLatead of. being treatedas a rogue and a vagabond, he is now a respectable, membee o, society, putting 2)s. a week in the Savings Bank, and spending asimilar amountatKrakowski's furniture ,:and outfitting stores, corner of Chil:aand, Thompson streets, ;where every _thing~rom a pia:to a.our- post .bedstead can be obtained on the most reasonable terms. On Eastior Mounday ssports will take .place at; the'lNorthern Recreation Reserve, ,Footscray,, under, 'the , auspices. of Court Rising Suu, A.O.F. ,For a long time, ,tho people, of,:Foot-cray hayo had .to go go out of the borough to find their amusement, and the local Foresters determined to try the experi. ment ofproviding a day's. amusement in the borougi ffor t?he large numbei 'of peoddle who have, a 'holiday, without, the opportunity of going away to einjoy themsolves. We hope ,the, public wil allshow ,their appreciation: of the enterprise of the promotenr by patroniiing the sports., .Therei ao to be'a number'-of footraces, some of lhich. ill' bvery"tnu, sing asid.others'edxcitiug.. Thei tliereare various desoriptibhous of'other amusemhnts .whiich will entertain people of'all ges. " In the evening there is to be a grand ball at the niyal 'Hal. A decision was givenini the Supreime `Court on 'Vednsday; in refereno '.to the power of 'the Emerald Hill Council to pro. hibit the keeping of swine within the' boh. daries oef" the toiwn. A' person ' named M'Ardill had been fined by the local justices for keeping pigs contrary to the byelaw 'of the council. 'The byelaw was adoptedin the year 1860, and was based on 'the provisions of the 'Municipal "Act 'of 1855, by which councils were authorised to pass byelaws for 1 the preservation of the health 'ofthe public, f and to compel residents in a town to keep their premises free from offensive or'uiwhole. some matter, and for the preservation of public decency and public health. It was contended for M'Ardill that the byelaw vas I ultra vires,'as 'the act did not authorise any ' municipal council to forbid' the keeping iof pigs or any other animals. The Court'agreed with this view, and' granted an order 'pro. \- hibiting the enforcing of the fine against the S:defendant. This however, does not apply to Williamstown or Footecray, where' the bye-laws are under recent Acts. .t TuE Easter holidays are now beihg 1 observed, and there is a very general.sus pension of business. The weather about this time of the year, supposieg the rain to 1 hold off, is far more suitable for out-of-dpor enjoyment than it is at Christmas time,-and people avail themselves of the release from work to the fullest degree l;ossible.. In Wil. liamstown we have ample facilities for a i pleasant day's amusement on Easter Monday. The races 'will no doubt attract the sporting Sscction of the community, ,'while -the Catholic Picnic in the Gardens will receive 9 the patronage of those who have no taste L5 for horse.racing. In. each case the com. e mitttee has done its utmost to provide a pleasant day's amusement, and we have 'no doubt that the arrangements will meet.ivith the approval of the public. At Footscray there are to be grand sports at the Recrca. a tion Reserve in the upper portion of the district.' This has been arranged by Court r Rising Sun A.O.F., and the committees rip. pointed to the charge of the various amuse. ments and arrangements have left nothing undone to make the affair enjoyable. A flying, squadron, 'commanded by Rear-Admiral Earl Clanwilliam, C.B., says the A?rjer London correspondenot is to leave England in .April, or May'. next. It'" is understood that the Bacchanto will form one of. the vessels of the squadron, being pro. bably the flagship. It has been. stated by a high naval authority that Australia ;ill .be ,visited, and doubtless the waters of I' 'Hobson's 'Bay'will be enlivened by the men \- of-war some .tior during.your Exhibition. U.iitil the return of the Bacchante from her present cruise.it is' uncertain whether, the two young princes now on.board will con tinue in her during the ensuing, trip, but there seems a probability that either one or t. the other of them, if not both, 'will be'on board when the squadron reaches Auistralia. t It is stated in quarters 'that profess to be well informed, that "there is an increasing probability.of the Prince of Wales going to 1 Australia," especially if 'it' be determined , that his two sons remain in the Bacchaite. 1 It.is not probable, however,, that anything definite' will be arranged as to his Royal Highness going until shortly.before the. time for starting. December" 'is said to. be the month when the 'Prince' will be' at Mel bouriie sh'old' all obstacles" be removed to the visit. •A' depuitation 'froim' the. i.Borough Council of Footscray was introduced to the hen. the Minister.ofoRailways on WVednes. day., by the local member, : Tho,object, of the deptdation,wavs to 'ask,that saaiding at Yarravilleniight 'be-altered. I'i 'Jul last Mr. Woods, the' then- Commissioner of Rail. ways, at the request of a similar deputation, made a aiding 'thind,' 'but it' hdd' noe- been put in thh right sxit; and at"p'reieit it'was difficult for trains to' babk'up'tdo th 'attion, . so as to take up .produce when required, as long as four:daysinimetimes taking place betwveen the.intervals at which tracks were removed. Mr..Gillies said he .did nolses why all these, facts: liad not beeniplaced before his predecessor...'As far as the Rail. way department wah concerned he could only say that it had nit a ghost of of a farthing to expend. At the end of the finmncial year, however, a' small amdtint 'inight be placed on :the. estiiiessile 'to dob absoluely necessary Wo'ark, tint " he coild 'sa~' thisa; If land wasto beo .bhuight, the-'brosvrbment would have none of it at the exorbitant prices 'so often asked when it was known that the State required to gain possession of a strip. 'In' reply to the' same deputation,-M. Gillies said he would not for: a moment at present entertain the idea 'bf erecting a footbridge ovder the 'Sandurst'line'at Irvingi.ittbetT' I. A vaY heavy tlinnderstiormi oocurred last Saturday afternoon, 'and was.;unusnally severo lat Footecray s;and Yarraville.,where serious damage was oocasioned ,!by tho violonce of the 'wind, and two persons narrowly' escaped fatal injuries from light. ning.. About limalf-li'pt '3 6'clock, Thomas 'iLydn,'an; eimmploee at the. Victoria Sdgar 'Reclsry, was', outsido his house in Riveor 'itreet, Yarravill.washing himself at'thi htp. He was in a stooping position, when he felt a shock which threw him viilezitly forward on the ground. He iwas rendered insensible, "and 'it was onlily some time 'after' hia ivife had procured assistance that he recovered consciousuess. He had been struck on the back by lightning,.which hurnt a hole in' his singlet, and caused severe injuries to his body and arms. Over the region'of the kidueys'especially the flesh was very'badly burnt. Dr. Morton was sent for, andothe Ipatient is progressing favourably, although he suffers from the shock to the system. A Mrs. Bull also a resident at Yarraville, had an axe in her hand, when the lightning played about her in such startling proximity as to cause her to faint. It was thought at first that the lightning had struck her,: but it happily proved to be nothling worse.than fright. At Footscray the wind made -sad havoc with the chimneys and fences. WYithin about 100 yards from the town-hall four chimneys were blown dowi. Two belonging to the new premises occupied by the stationmaster,*3tr.LJohnston at'the Foots cray station, were blown over, and strange to say both lie upon the building intact as though they had been portions of columns snapped off. At Mr. Kidner's'butcher's shltp another chimncy was blown down, sonso of the bricks falling through the roof into tihe room in which Mr. Kidner.was lying sick, and:l a fourth chlimney fel at Mr. J. C. C. Schild's house, opposite the town. hall, but fortunately, without causing any serious dastage. ADtiCE TO llOTtsoo ! Are y'Oe broken In your rest by a sick chii sttleriltg with the puls of cotting octhi Goat once to a hemst lttld get a bottle o Sis. \WtiSOl'?l OoorSst. Settaltr. Itoill relieve the poor suferer ltmtediatcly. i'. ts iprfectly hormles and pleoasnt So tiate, it prodlucos naturrl. qiot sleep by rlievinog tLe chthl front pin. t nds tie litile cherub awakcs "'o ts bright as a button." it soothes the child. it oftens tlue Runts, allays tie tpia, relieves wind, retetnltts tlre lewclss, sn is thI . h keo\re rcmoo ty for dyteuteoy atd diarrhma, whether arising irom tcethiig or othse oes. 5rs. 'Viht ow's Soothing Sreup isold by Medlcsine desalrs evorysihtore at Is lid por bottle. lsoun Caurs at 03 Oxiord Street, Lonos. Mr. -Archibald Cameron, a well known employd in the Railway Department at Willianmtown, had a very narrow escape from death on Tueaday last. It seems:that some time ago he had the misfortune to strain his back wheni 'it his employment, and has suffered ever- since from -the. effects. He resides at North Williamstown, and at half-past six on Tuesday morning took the down train to go to his work. He was rather late, and lust as the train- was about leaving, the North station he reachedl. the Ssteps of the engine.. He was in' the act of. going upr the steps;-when suddenly he let go his holdund fell backwards. Tihe engine had by this time started,'and was at the gate. Seeing :tbat .:there ,was, no room for Mr. Cameron-to fall clear of the line; the driver, * Mr. .James Hodgkinsonn momentarily apilied 'Wood's brakei dsad the 'tramh -was brought ,toadeadatand. Mr. Cameron..waa. then lying with his right leg across the rail, and the tiiilin~ %iheel actually"preising upon it. The' drving wheel hld cut the sole off of the 6 ileft boot'and slightly'crushed the toe. Had a."theenginegne another foot'the right leg n-"must have been cut iin two.", Mr. Cameron appeared to have fainited, but he 'was lifted. ,otone:of,: his dangerous position, and quickly l.g?-rcoverei.,,,,He was removed home, and will u,,. bpable to resume duty next week. f The~i'Gi~ inmeon has decided to rein e' r 9 ir:. T s ginbotham in'lis former " postas, exgineer-u.ief. One 'of the first 1 ,actioris othe Ministry after takig office was commumcate with- Mr. Higinbothain on the subject, and that gentleman at once con 1seniied to return. j\'Mr. Higinbotham makes soiietbliilg of a sacrifice in coming back; says the'Argae, as since his dismissal his sereices 1havdebeen in consmant.;request in the sister colonies;'imd he was this in receipt of large profedsibnolli turans without incurrng the responsibility of the charge of anlarge depart Smenat, but he felt that duty called upon him to return to "his 'post: 'The announcement l- n lu?fi -ben??i nade 'earlier, bliithat DMiniat.:rawere.desirous. of consulting the feelinge:Il ?ofMi:..W tD:Wh o'-?owasa in ted :-: engineer-i-chietby Mr. John Weoods That gentleman was aked to return to his old :'?io.itin.on the stff; -and, it vas iihtimsated t~' him that` noichasge.wouldibo made in his emoluments, but that his present salary of £1,200 per annumiwiiuld be continued to him. Mr.Whatson admitted-- that it was to be ex. peered thatiMr. lTh'os: THigiibotham would return,,and at first consented to the.arrange.: .meent, but in: a final letter: ho.intimated that after consultation with his friends he had decided not to go back to his old place. At the same time he. thanked the Government for the co&rtesy; of 'their' communications. Mi., Vatson''b decisioni is .tantomount to a refusal to send in his resignation, and action thiy' did riot desire to'take is now'forced upon them. . A notice to Mr. Watson will be gaven'to.day in a form to be agreed upon by the Mihister of Railways'and the Law officers. ,.of the Crown. While removing Mr. ,Watson from ithe position in which he was improperly placed, it is theintention of Ministers to deal with him as liberally as -the equity of the case demands. DiEPRURE-,OF;-:THIE ENGLISH MAILS BY \- -'tRl.S. BANOALOIE.' Times for closing at this Olice ae as follows: - fPl[Money. Orders, at p.m., April st. - For Registered Letters, O pm., April slet. - Aupriery-Letters;-'and .e Sealmpers1O'l0.30'"an. April 2nd. N.B--Lete letters will berceived at this Office up to 1?.LO sm.ti(if mail steamer starts, from;n pler)'oe ýApril lnd,:on payment 'of oie 'shlieg' ddlttional -" 1'. COOKE; -Pestmistresn. :.. .illleans , ,.arcoh 5.h, 1?SO. . 