CHURCH OF ENGLAND, TAM- WORTH. (from: the Tamworth News.) On Monday afternoon last the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropo litan of Australia, laid the corner-stone of the new Church of St. John the Evange list. It is stated that 750 persons, chiefly ladies, were present within the walls; of the building during the ceremony. On the platform with the Bishop were the Rev. James Ross, the Commissary of the Diocese, Rev. W. J. K. Piddington, In cumbent of Tamworth, Rev. F. Gough,Mr. P. G. King, and several members of the Parochial Council, &c.; After several hymns, psalms, and prayers had been sung and said, Mr. Tribe read a copy of the scroll sealed up in a glass jar, and with a copy of the local papers, deposited them in the cavity under the corner-stone. Mr. P. G. King then invited the Bishop to lay the corner-stone, and asked his ac ceptance of a mallet of locally-grown wood and a richly-chased and engraved silver trowel. Mr. King explained that in the I unavoidable absence of the Bight Rev. 1 Dr. Turner, the Bishop of the Diocese, the Parochial Council had desired him (the Metropolitan) to take a somewhat long and arduous journey to perform the ' fceretnony of laying the stone. The Erec tion of a suitable building had given them ; | great concern, chiefly by reason of.the. difficulty of getting the means ; but with | the aid of his friend Mr. Bond, the arphi-. tect, a plan had been arrived at which they could find means to carry to completion. Good progress had been made with the , work, under, the skilled management of the contractor, Mr. W. S. Dowel., His Lordship had seen for himself the inade quacy' of their easting places of worship, and would give them credit for an earnest desire to provide a more suitable building as .quickly, as possible. ( After a few; gene | ral obsetVations, of'a cotaplimentary and congratulatory character, Mr/King handed ; his .Lordship the mallet and the troweL The Bishop then operated in the usual way j with the implements, and laid -the stone ! with these words :—'' In the faith of Jesuk I Christ' we place this .Stonj^'ih | of the Father and ;of the Son, and of. the Holy Ghost. Hera may the True Faith ' ever abide and brotherly love continue, and majr prayer and praise be offered con tinually in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end."—Amen. His Lordship then delivered an address of some length, but containing nothing of general interest. He dwelt chiefly on the duty of Christians to exert themselves to erect buildings suitable for the worship of their Maker, affirming such works to be the highest tribute man could pay to his Creator. From the possession of due ap pliances for the conduct of the ordinances of religion, the highest moral and social advantages flowed. He expressed his sense of the pleasure it gave him to en gage in such a work—a most suitable one for a Bishop to perform—and congratu lated the people on having so well begun a building, the imperative necessity for which had been forcibly and somewhat painfully impressed on him by personal observation. He urged his hearers to give freely of their means towards the cost of the building, and intimated that, if they were ready to open the church, free of debt, in six months, he would again come amongst them and open it. In conclusion his Lordship prayed earnestly that the new church might prove a blessing to many generations yet to come. The 241st Hymn (A. and M.) having been sung, the 122nd Psalm was read, after which the Rev. W. J. K. Pidding ton said the erection of the church laid them under an obligation of £1700, which, from his experience of such matters, he believed would run up to £2000. With what they had received and had been pro mised, they would have about £1200 to make up. He hoped those present would give willingly and liberally One gentle man, whose exdhaple he lamed' to see fol lowed, had promise^ to give £1 per month till the church was completed. His Lordship the Bishop then an nounced that he would that evening in duct into his incumbency the Rev. W. J. K. Piddington. The episcopal benedic tion was then pronounced, and his Lord ship and the clergy with him took their departure. ^ The sums placed on the stone only amounted to £186 5s. 8d. 