THE LOOAL POLITICIAN. . Liberal Review. 1 Tho local politican is now in his glory. The municipal olections all ovor tho country havo briablod liirh to omcrgo from that stato of com parative obscurity in which ho lingers during tho greater portion of his lifo. As ho struts about io is ablo to. fool that ho is a groat man and almost nocessary to tho commonwealth. You may hear him .talking in a loud voioo at street corners and laying down tho law in bar-parlours. It is not, perhaps, to bo wondered at that ho so realises his importance. Peoplo who snub him all tho year round, now not only hoeomo awaro of his existonoo, but frankly rccog- niso that ho is a man of infiuoiico and intellect, whoso opinion on any subject is ' worthy of tlio most respoctful consideration. Thoy ask his; advice in a manner which indicates that tliey i would bo cut to the heart if lio did not givo it to them. They listen to all tho twaddlo and tittle- tattle which ho i3 ready to pour into thoir cars as thoy would to goins of. wisdom. Tho reason ; is that thoy fancy ho has it in his power to; influence a vote or two — ho would have thorn; beliovo that hundreds of burgesses are only; waiting for him to throw up his hand to decide how to act — and that it is desirable in tlio extreme that ho should bo in-; voigond into working on tlioir bolialf. Often lio1 has no more power over thoso amongst whom ho- fires than a kitten has ovor a terrier dog. But this ' does not prevent the gossip which lio dissomi-1 nates from being listened to and apparently relished. Truth to toll, tho gossip which lio disseminates, has frequently extremely little foundation in fact. As ho takes you by tho buttoii-holo, ho will tell you that Black, who is a candidate in tho " blue" interest, has two wives and almost as many children as would havo satisfied Brighani Young ; that ho is,: in other respects, a " regular right-down bad one and that as his little eccentricities havo becomo known to tho woiid ho has not tho sligliost clianco of gaining the diiy. . Yet, in point of fact, poor Black may ho ono of tho most guileless creatures in oxistonee, and would as soon think of setting up a harem under the im mediate supervision of tho legitimate Mrs. Black as of burdening himself with the caro of a mis tress. Still, tho local politician tells and re-tells the stories, which ho partly invents and partly ligks up from those who aro pretty much iko himself, with infinite gusto, and at last eoinos to bclicvo in them. He also hugs tho belief that ho is in tho secrets of tho onomy. He is ablo to inform you what thoy are going to do and what tliey arc not going to do ; but strango to say, it generally happens that they leave undone what he declares tliey are going to do, and do what ho assorts they aro going to loavo undone. He is continually ex posing to you tho littlo games " which he has, with almost preternatural sharpness, detected, and, consequently, is as continually putting you into a fever 'of excitement and uneasiness; but tho littlo games which he would lead you to un derstand havo booh so cleverly concocted aro seldom played' out to tho end, if played at all, Ho may toil you that your opponents havo not ghost of a chance, and, that they confess that melancholy fact .in what thoy imagine to be tlio sanctum ; yot your opponents may succeed in giving you an awful drubbing wlion tho proper time arrives. Than ho would havo you to understand that ho is in tlio secrets of voters who, in a general way, aro rcmarkablo for thoir " olosoness. This sphinx-like indi vidual, lio will say, is on! your sido; though ho would not ovon divulgo that tromondous fnet to his wifo, wliilo that person, who would have you imagino him your friend; has resolved to go dead against you. It doos not seom to occur to those who in- lie favours with his confidence to ask him how it oomos about that people in general havo takon him into tlioir secrets, in view of tho fact that lie is during the greater part of his ex istence regarded as rather a disreputable and dissipated individual. Even when thoy are succumbing to tlio magic of his influonco they cannot woll be bliud to tho circumstance that much of tlio gossip which ho retails is, when not of his own in'vontion, that of tho public-houso. How can they help perceiving that ho likes mimibipal elections because thero aro ; an abundance of good drinks and choice cigars and other trifles to bo picked up by thoso who havo all their wits "about thorn ? ' But wo must do tho local politician tlio justico of saying that ho is something nioro than a mcro retailor of slander and a spencer. lie nrofcsscs to bo informed upon tho topics of tho day. Ho takes up tho position that ho knows what opinions candidates must hold in order to win. He would siiapo thoir policy. To-day ho will announce, in tones-- tromuloiis with excitement, . that tho denizens of a certain back streot aro in a torriblo frame of mind, becauso a gas lamp lias not boon put at a particular corner, and that tlio candidate who will promiso to got tlmt lamp for tlio malcontents will loavo his opponent hopelessly in tho rear. To-morrow ho will say that tho denizens of anothor back street want their locality ropaved and will also support tlio 'candidate -who will voto for the ropavomcnt. But ho nover seoms to consider tlio groat, broad issues to bo placed _ before tlio public. If you study liis conversation, you will discover that his mind is alwuys on what this little cliquo will do if it . is not consulted and doferrcd to, and what that little clique will do If, 'though it is consulted and deferred to, its claims are not mado paramount ovor all nthors. Still, ho is accepted as an oxponent of popular opinion. Ho is ' also boliovqd to bo a hard worker,' and -flatters hiniself- that ho has helped to secure many a victory. But it is diffioult, to discover liow lio worked oxcopt lio may bo considered to be working when ho is wagging his tongue for his own delectation and to his own glorification'. Ho may hang listlessly about committeo-rooms, polling-booths, and other places, with a cigar in his moutli, but fcliero is not muoli labour involved in the porfonnanco of that feat, and we do not know that tho proceeding is a vory profitable ono. Ho may say what ho is going to do, and what ho has done, but assertions aro not equiva lent to deeds. Ho may take to himsolf tho credit of acts in which ho -has had no participation. But what doos all this amount to ? Suroly, then, ho is an arrant impostor ; suroly ho is an excrescoiico of whom thoso who havo cluirgo of olections will do woll to rid thomsolves. His loafing propensities havo a bad influonco ; tho way in which ho trifles with reputations is still worso in its oft'oct. It is ho who oncournges tho publication of oilbnsivo skits, and introduces personalities into contests wliioh ought to bo conducted without them. Tlioreforo, it is high timo that respcctablo poli ticians of all partios — he is i common to no pai- Uoiilar party— 1 ivoi'o woll rid of liiin; "' 5 