' -CHINESE STORIES. % - 'If \- .-The Chinese have had to' pay onq penalty .at least for their early knowledge of printing and their universal system bf education. Tho wander- ing storyteller (says the" Saturday Review) who delights-tho-idlers- m-the-bazaars -of- Cairo or Damascus, orwno stira up tne passions qr ms Bedouin hearers-timid the sonds'of the desert, or who entrances swarthy audiences in the cool of tho ovening on the ourskirts of an Indian village," is unknown in' China. - Tho ready eloquence, the impromptu jest, the varied tones of thoso pro fessional worthies who find a ready wolcomo in ! every -house 'or tent from Cairo to Calcutta, aro exchanged in ; China -for unyielding typos ' on ' thoupnnted page; , " But "what tho - eye hath- not seen the ; hewrt doth -not . grieve: after, arid Chinamen who havo known no other storytollbrs than their hookB have -no desiro.to- bocomo acquainted with -the :fairies,! gods, and : demons of their lands through any other channel thaui'theso.'"' WcliaTO no present intention of1 tracing tho -gradual; development of Chinese mytliology trom tlio original concopnon oi tno- male and fomalo principles of naturo to'tho uni versal belief in the gods -and goddesses, fairies ' and sprites, which personify tho lights of lloavori iattd tlio wonders of -tho earth| and which haunt ' overy nook and corner of the land, ifroiri tlio loftiest mountain down to the smallest stream, j That "million's of spiritual beings walk the onrtli" is ;a: belief endorsed by Confucius, and'! lot the superstitious rites which liavo been ob1 ! served by niyriads of his -followers testify to their ; full concurrence in his viows. Chinamen aro still in the full enjoyment of the simple privileges' per taining to that pro- scientific stago of thought when' every unusual phenomenon is attributed to the direct agoricy of some supernatural being/ If the floods descend, it is that tlio dragon is spouting ottt water over the land ; -if a -pestilence -breaks out, it-is that the local deities are offended ; if sudden death' ovortakes any one, it is that' some doiribrihas sucked liis lifd-hreathfroni his nostrils. And so wb find that in every.unlooked for event in tho life of- the nation or of tlio' individual tho sprites bear their part. Thoyattend at tlio birth of tho. infant; and thoy follow tho-corpso to the tomb,1 and so 'interweave the threads of -thoir be ing with tho web of human existence' that, they form part and parcel of the ovbry-day life of thb people; Thus tlioro are ample materials' ready! to -hand for the creation of overy variety of fairy talo-iind ghost atoryl >' But though writers' without number littvb' sought to embalm tho superstition -and iro- fle'ct the fancy of bygone; ages -thoy-havb failed; as Ghirieso.story-tellers must always'-failj- to;pre? sent them: ink-such -"ii -shape -as -to mako ; tlierii generally- attractive. ' They - ' contain, - -without question,' 'a vast amount of extremely interesting information 'on thobabitri of thought 'and; lifo of the'peoplo i but tho imagination bf -Chinamen is too' uritrained and disjointed' to -enable tliem to weave a oonsistorit-'Btoiy. "'It i calls' up -isolated pictures, : but fails -to connect" tliem- into a well sustained 'riatTatiye. ' -'It -works, without -design; and runs riot' as in a dream;'- ' Some of tho earlier stories to 'bo' found'lh -the '.works' of':tho' Han DynaStry and' borrowed from India, - are as good as anything of thokind to be found, in Europe-; but of - tlid later stories i there 1 is little: more to 'bo safd than' that they are curious/ - - /! in — : --y '- Of all tlio collections of- modern stories,' how- ov er,' the' ono-frorii - which Mr; Giles has : - chosen to inako his selections is'-undoub tedly- - the best. Tho stories are abo ve the average of -similar , cotrir positions7; 1 Ahd'.thbbterory stylo is of so 'excep tional 'a purity -that it lias' won for the 'compilation a> high- place -'in' the- estimation'! -of educated Chinamen'/ Tlio o'ntirri -work 'consists iof: tlireo hundred andv; eightybvo stories, - and of - theso Mr/- 'Giles has - translated 'one-'' hundred - and sixty-four -in- the volumes beforo.us. The author; who wrote towards the closo of. the' sovente'enth ' century, -i has been: fortune- -in liis.-, -translator. Every advantage -which anreasy flowing: stylo can give has! beenireaped; by! P'u iSimgling in Mix -GilesV.pages.'-j His -rendering; also of tho. text; is, . as a rulo, literally accurate. -.-lira -few- instances, ! iriitho exercise ofla wise"dis'eretibn, he has toned : down-certain passages to make- them ,'presentablo to European readers/ as, for example the "-love!1 sceno-in the sto'ry of /'Baby " Ning, or,.'as:Mr. ; Giles, leaving the 'first -character untranslated, ! prefers -to call- hor, /Miss- Ying-ring. , In the original this passage in quite untranslatable, and wo Should havo loft unnoticed thofactof Mr. Giles' ; having paraphrased it —though lie lias alio wod him- ; self -awide 'liconso-in doing so — were it not '-that! ho uses liis very loose parapliasb to suppdrtatlieriry : which thoi original icontradictsl The istory ,r nns j that, one: day -a young- ig'ontleriian -named --Wang- was walking in- the neighbourhood of- the' villagei in-which hb -lived, -wheri: lie. mot on tlio road ft pretty -! girl ! who was - - picking plumblos'somS. ! Abashed- by the! fixed gaze with which Wang eyed ! lior; the -young lady, dropped tlie'flower she iheld! m hor hand and walked away.- / Wang -picked up - tho discarded -flower, and -" stood' thero discon-j solate as if lie had-lost liis' wits/' He irefurned; liomopbut could neither- talk nor oat," and bo'-! fore-long took to his bed, vwliero 'lie lay- ill and| delirious. By a curious sot of circumstances,- such as are only to :bb found in a Cliineso stoiy; Wang finds himself a few weolts later a guest in tlie'lioiiso; of the young lady's adopted' mother, who turns out -to b'o liis cousin; After a formal introduction to the young lady, liombets her in the gardenof tlie house,! whore at' his first interview with her occurs. -the! scenb'- which. Mr; Giles considers should .for -ever disabuae.peoplq of the notion that there is no bucK thing as makiriglovo ' among tlio Chmoso." Mr/Giles tells ub in his'perfaco- that lie .-began Ithe' translation of these stories in 1877, - and it is qioBsiblo; therefore,- that he-added -a- note to; liis 'paraphrase after tlio recollection - of. the : original1 passage had faded frorii his mind. On meeting! Baby Ning in tho garden, Wang of course pro-j -duces liis' cherished flower from, his sleovo and- tries -; to explain -to lior that .it was -out - of! affection i to : her -that he! had kept.; -it.- i 'She! replies, somowliat illogically since' - lio- had' only just.-discovored -his -relationship, to lier, j -that it could liavo been merely out of regard for, ilier as a cousin,! and then, acoordirig to Mr. Giles,' Wang says; ; I- .wasn't ; talking .". about - ordinary-; relations, -but'-! about .-husbands iand- iwives;"i What's '.the'! differonce-T'-'-asked: Ying .Ning.- ! ' Why," replied Wang, - If husband 'and wife aro' always - together. " ; " J iist what": I should - not' like," cried she,- to bq-always . with;-' anybody.". And then follows the note wliicli begins as above/ \- .Now- tlie fact is : tliat,-. in-- the! /original, tlio language .employed -by - Wang -far. morel nearly -resembles that used by the iElders -to Susannah than.tliat to be! expected from the lover- in aii -English serise. And tliis just marks the contrast .betweori-lovo: among; -the - Chinese iand among Western nations.::With Chinamen it is a delirium,1 , a rapturo, based on ! no .regard for- the nioral qualities'bf -tho.bbjoots- of itbo'ir mdiniratiori, but purely andusimply ion-, a -desire to -possess themi \- They do not- -understand itlio idea' - of : friendship . in- - love; and - the notion -ofi- an acquaintanceship rip'oning into affection -is altogether - foreign to .them.- i>.ilf / it . young- i Chinaman -fallB-.. in love,- it- iinristii needs bo-i after tho manner of Wang, who is so enraptured with .the beauty of a .young lady- he ciisuiUly meets: on .the - road that ho goes-home'. aiid.takes to liis 'bed, and: is xe_stored:to'-heiflth.only -by 'ari introduction toitlio fair one, whom at his first intorviow ho. addresses (.in .language ; whicln is , quite untranslatablq ;intb Englirfi.-. ...Of course wo do not:moan to, say. tliat -it never Imppons-tbat, young popple in tho.poorqr ranks of, life, (for it.is only among such that.pro- \- nuptial acquaintanceshipsaro generallypermitted) /entertain, ;ii genuine,, affection for- , each otlior j .hut, -speaking, broadly, ioyo among suitors is, un known in .China, .and tlie constitution,- of !sociqty makes it impossible- that it sliould bo pthorivise. - Tho majority of the tales told'by NIiC Giles ore, Fox storios such as aro , to hp met .with in, tho folkrlorqjqf Jap An,, arid -.'pf otlior couritrios. In most ciisos tlio fbxc3|takb tlio forin of young ladies, .who -are sqiiiptimes.e.ffiUyffispbsed'rindsomotiriies ,miselueyous;/''biit always beautiful,' aridt'iyhb ocbasipiiali,y . aro j reprbspnted 'as. ! Jf ulfillirig 'Jthb duties, of, .iviycs.aiid mothers' .without, ill atiy way nui uni at'ilibVojiil of '.tho. stqiy, tlioy disappp'ar, or- nrp trausEorinbd into' soino monstrous, Bhapb. /, ,'AjibHiorVbbmmOii .friiicy istliat tliogliostsbf dpcbasnd iiicnrc-eiitor their fqrnib'r' bpqies .and/jumb.jpir/j'WorMi oceupations'i iU jdistint -parts', of , tho'- Eriipirbl In. tlio story pf .('Tho Faithless Widow Y tliero! is an instariqo! bf, this. A 'mari nainbd Nhi dies leaving, a /wife , and familja Boing in strnitoribd oiroumstanbbsi'.the, ,'widoiy , married again, and hands ovbr lier childireri '.to ' thb! care of on/aunt.' Years!'riftbriyarils orie of ,thb sons reoognisbs liis 'fathor ; Nib j in, tlio' person of, a pa\nibrokor witli 'whom ffiq'Iias' taken1 servic'o! Tlio pawnbroker acknowledges' the relationship and introdricbs'his sbri'to , A- ; stepmother. Being ' made desirous of visiting liis' old'' homo by/this rovival of . former associations, Niu starts on liib journey tbitlibr, when su'ddenly ho reappears loading , by tho ear his 'first ivifo wlibiii, after roundly abusing for ' deserting liis' children, he bites across the neck.'/ Tlie son ruslies to tlio rescue of liis.riiother, whbh'lq! I slip disappears, AiidNiii mnkltes.atn' iub.YUEibiir.' . On returning to his native "place the'sbiv 'iinds that his motlicr died on' tlie !verj/'duy arid hour when ho had witneSsed'hcr disappearririce. There ia'Y a want bf point in this and a; g&at; many of the! stories ; Kut there is much that is tttriusingin them and tho constarit referonces,thby"contain to thb mariners and customs of tho -.people giro them more than a passing interest. Somo uf Mr.- Giles'- -notes help -tb elucidate, while others tend rather tb confuse tho reader. . In his note on tho Dragon boat festival, ho'seems to be in strange perplexity as to tho niunp of the -well-known statesmmi , in whose honour it is ianriiially held. '.' The story runs that during the jreign ' of Prince Hwai, (n.c. 314), a certain Chancellor of the three Royal clans" (San lii ;tai fu), riamed'K'ii Yuan, having been' unjustly idenounced by a jealous .rival, and dismissed' ! by : ihis sovereign, 'gave verit to his despair in a poem entitled ".Lisao; or, the Dissipation' of Griof," .and then .drowned himsolf. In hbrionr of his jmbniory a festival is held in tlio South Of Ohiria :on bach anniversary of his death/at wliich prajgori- Sshapbd boats arc rowed up and down the' : rivers |to comriiombratq tho'offorts made to' recover 'his jbbdy. This story is. tbld' in' thq' histpry' of :thq ipenod (Shi' ki), in tlio .biographical dictionaries; and in tlib.'iritrbductions to' certainly most of tho; editions of K'ii Yuari's'posm, tlio." Li Brio " ; yet ;Mr. Gilds appears to be.in.doubt on the subject. ' !ln tho riotb referred tb ho 'is perplexod wlietber . to follow Mr.! Wells Williams; wlio in liis Middle Kingdtnti speaks' of the "statesman as Wu Tim, or ! Mr. Mayers, who gives the. name correctly. But istiU' ariqth'pr' difficulty overtakes him. 'In the \- Chinoso' authorjs profioo K'ii Yutinis spoken of as Sah lit she, or Chancellor of the three Rbyiil elans. Mr/ Giles mistakes this description Of his office for hisriamb, rind'adds in a footnote in this 'place that 'Sari Lu'waa tlio hero of tho Dragon festival;' Thus a third doubt arises in. his mind, arid IC'it Yriari b'ecoinbs/like Mrs. Malaprop's/Corbbfiis, "three' gbntlemeri -at' oriee."" But, titter all,' neither tho identity of a statesman . nor- Mr.- GiIos': .heretical vietys; oil Ohinesot love-miiking arid.oiiicr'sbciai subjects' arc likcly'te affect the ready reebptibrihis pre'serit'work is'suro-tb'rneDt with. ' '.These tire subjects entirely ajiart from' P'u Snrig-lirig's. stories, and there aro many pebplo to whomahintrbductiori to Chinoso'folk lore through the medium '60 Mr. Giles' facile translation will bb a sbiirco of pleiisrirable interest arid amlisemenfc.' - ' 