Ccr.mt BY A LADY COOTKIBUTOIt. Tiie oxhibits 111 tho Ladies* Court nro arranged with much taste, ond many stands | of hrilliant-huod flowers aro displayed. A ; largo patchwork quilt hangs 011 tho wall at tho lirst landing; in tho contro of it aro worked tho ilags of every nation, and tho colours aro so well chosen and contrasted that it makes a most effcctivo appearance. Facing tho staircaso is a very largo stand, tilled with numerous oxhibits, all mado of tlio pith of rushes, of tho kind that grow around Mordi alloc and Cheltenham; tlio baskets, flowers, wreaths, etc., look iust as if formed from inac caroni, and urn as light as feathers. - Tlio lady who dosigncd thom told mo that tho idea of so using the pith is entirely hor own, and that a groat number of these oxhibits havo been dono somo nino years. They have, however, kept their croamy, white tint vory well, and look perfectly frosh. I think tho clever iuvontor will be almost certain to rocoivo many orders for fanoy baskets and other tritles of that naturo as soou as her caso receives tho atten tion it so well doserves. As I looked at it, I could not help picturing aoiuo of tho former filled with bright-huod, fragrant blossoms, and thinking how protty thoy would be. On either sido of this stand aro several othor smaller ones, containing respectively sea-woods and sholls, worstovl-work, point-lace, and satins embroidered in floss silks. On entering the court, my attention was at or.co drawn to a vory beaut ii'ul group of wliito and purplo rhododendrons painted on whito velvet ; tho flowers look so natural that it is difficult not to believe that they aro real. Mrs. It. Shann, tho lady who has executed thom, mentions, in a notico placed beneath the ?work, that they are dono by some process peculiarly hor own, but that slio will gladly inform anyone who is desirous of knowing more on tho subject. Tho kind offor will, I doubt not, moot with many a responso, for it is an exhibit that is suro to meot with much admira tion. Opposito to tho rhododendrons aro two cases, ono containing a varioty of richly HON. W. J, CLARKE, M.L.C. plumaged birds, and tho othor a bououet and a cross.- ITio latter has the word ' veuoror ' engravon at tho foot of it, and is entwined with ivy-Ioavos andpassion-flowers.made of wax and floss-silk. Miss A. Barker is tho owner of this stand. Beside it stands ono X admire greatly, though its contents aro very fragile, being formed of egg-shells — thoso of geese, I think, from their, sizo and colour. They aro all painted with different designs, mostly of a quaint Japanese style, and fashioned into egg-cups, small croam-jugs and teapots, the two latter having handles and lips mado of some gilded composi tion. A great deal of caro and patienco muBt havo been expended on thom, and tho rosult must be most satisfactory to tho lady whoso talents havo produced so very charming and uncommon an exhibit. The namo of Mrs. Seekamp is, 1 think, on tho label attached to it. Several of the stands have been already on view at the Juvonile Exhibition, and have the gold and silvor medals gained at it placed iu Erominent positions. Amongst them is a very andsomo crimson satin cushion, with gold coloured cord and tassels, tho satin being covored with fino goint-laoe, which is admirably se t-oiT by the vivid hue beneath it. Tho work is dono by Miss Finlay. Almost at tho entrance of tho court stands a very large case ; in it are placed somo of tho most exquisitely-made flowers I havo over seen. At two of the corners aro fuchsias in pots — ono a deep crimson with purple centre, tho othor a doublo whito and pink. Ono remarkable featuro in theso artificial plants is that tho green leaves, instead of being, as is so generally done, simply bought and mounted, aro all mado by Miss Doborty in wax. Tho effect is most natural and lifo-like ; indeed, I thiuk, if they could bo seen anywhere else, most observers would believe thom to bo real flowers. The samo remark can be made of the sprays of mignonotte that stand beside them. Thoro is also a lovely bridal bouquet made by tho same lady, the English snowdrops and whito heath oontained in it being especially true to nature. A ourious oxhibit is placed near this case, on tho left side of tho court ; it consists of cross, bracelets, ear-rings, and smoking-cap made of melon-seeds, interspersed with steel beads; they look oxceedingly well, and, but for the notico that they are composed of ' tho Beods of the rook-melon,' the general impression, I think, is rather that the variouB articles aro of somo Indian or Chinese manufacture. On tho walls are hung a varioty of exhibits, including leather-work, seaweed and shells, foathor flowers and patohwork quilts; thero aro three of tho latter, but only ono that I admire. It is placed in tho contro, and its bright, well-contrasted shades mako a pretty featuro as visitors pass up tho loft sido. Tho ouo arranged on tho rigut of the quilt just mentioned has a curious history attaching to it, and though not very pretty, is evidently greatly valued by its owner, whoso namo I di2 not learn, £40 being the ainouut asked for it. Somo of tho patchwork has au extremely faded look, which, howover, is ouly to bo expected, as tho different squares composing it havo all for merly belongou to drosses worn by tho late Queen Adelaide, tho Duchoss of Kent, and our own dearly-loved Sovereign, rospcctivcly. I was told that tho lady who exhibited it had beon at ono time maid-of-honour to hor Majesty, and, during that period, obtaiued tho various silks, satins, and velvets of which it is com posed from one of tho court dressmakers. Nearly in front of it is placed a vory lovely cross, mado of alum, and wreathod with scarl't und whito passion-flowers. Tho sacrcdncss that holongs to tlio omblcm of our salvation scorns to render porfoct simplicity au actual necossity, and tho cross to which I am alluding possesses it 111 a high degreo. It is very large, aud of a much greater width than is usually seen, thovoby showing admirably tho pure whito, glistening matorial of which it is composed. Tlio con trast between tho maxsivo, roclc-liko, suou*3' cross aud tho delicate, vivid-huod ilowora rost ing so gracofully upon it is boautiful, and cannot fail, I think, to gain Mrs. Luing, who ox hibits it, much praise. A triumph of arMa seon in a wreath of flowers mado of human hair. Tho shndiug of tho various brown and goldon tints is most artistic, but I do not think it is a pleasing oxhibit— it reminds 1110 so much of a jnuff composed of tho samo materials which I saw somo years ago in tlio Kensington Loan Unitary in London, und whioh is indelibly tixed in my memory by reason of a quaint remark concerning it mado by tho lato Charles Dickuns, who was standing beside mo at tho time. Iho wreath is mado by Mrs, Do Graudi. Almost tho prettiest articlo in tho court ia, I think, a ! table of oblong form, with an extremely pretty ; pattern of fern fronds worked upon it. Tho | tints aro all thoso seen in the autumnal season, and a peculiarly soft, golden hue is thrown ovor them, giving tho effect of sunlight resting thoro. Tho work has ovidontly boon a 'labour of lovo,' giving tho feeling that, whoovcr has done it, really enjoyed tho pleasant task of reproducing, iu such lovely forms, worn 0 of tho fairest, though most fragile, of naturo's floral treasures. I could not learn tho namo of tho lady who has sent it. Ono small oxhibit, that hangs on the right sido of tho court, will doubtless, excite, much interest in tho visitors | attending this our great ' World's Show,' ! esnocially to thoso who claim la belle Franco as* their home. It appearod to me strangely out of placo until I learnt its^ pathetic history. Surrounded 011 all sides by bright-huod flowers, gaily-tinted sholls and sea-woods, tho thin, l'nded picco of red aud white calico has an almost ludicrous aspect, but tho smilo excited by it fades away as tho vision of a far off, lonoly death-bed rises up, and tho gazer realises that that poor, frail fabric has onco formed a part of what rested on Napoleon Bonaparte in his last moments. How elo quently it soems to speak of the changing vicissitudes of lifo, telling, as it doos, by its own mute testimony, that ho, whoso very namo had onco had power to mako mighty nations tremblo, should at last havo died, so bereft of all earthly grandeur and pomp, as to havo laid bonoath a material so poor and common that scarcoiy ono of thoso soldiers who so lovod Lo potit Corpornl would havo oared to uso it. Littlo as I had ovor admired or liked tho character of tho first Napoleon, I could not but pity him as I looked on that memento of tho sad ending of his comparatively short though ambitious lifo. It was brought from St. Helena by Miss Bealc, who is also said to havo beon fortunato enough to roar ono of tho numorous slips sho cut from the willows growing around tho oxilo's grave. Closo by this exhibit arc four othors sont by Mrs. Henry, tho wife of ono of tho warders belonging to the Melbourne Gaol ; thoy consist of flowors cut from coloured paper, somo of thom being so excessivoly bmall as to rcsomblo miuuto specimens of mosiac work. .Tho likeness, howovor, to oach natural blossom is wonderfully distincfc. It seems almost inoredible that human fingers can havo so arranged tiny pieces of paper so as to form so successful a wholo. If patience and skill avail in winning a prize, Mrs. Honry ought cortainly to gam ono. Thoro are two stands of skeloton-leaves ; ono contains a bouquet of pure white, which is very lovely, and arranged with great tasto. I do not know tho name of tho sender, but I feel euro it is a caso that will bo much admired by tho numorous visitors to the court; it looks no pure and simplo in its fragilo loveliness. Speaking for myself, I know that my gaze, somewhat weary from examining the bright-hued objects around, returned again and again to rest on the delicato, transparent loaves and sprays. Tho other belongs to Mrs. Llewellyn, and is called u a phantom bouquet.' It is tinted with a tinge of tho vory palest bluo, and scattered horo and thoro aro a few holly-berries, glitter ing amongst tho transparent leaves, and heightening tho offeot by their own vivid colouring. I did not, at first, admire it vory much, but gradually tho meaning of tho words 'a phantom bouquet' became clear to mo. As I looked at it, tho bluo tingo seemed to resomblo the light mist that is so often soon in England just as tho sun is beginning to sink ou aii autumn afternoon; and memorybrought boforo mo many a fair home-sceno, where tho almost leafless hedges — wreathed in pale-bluo mist, that would ere many hours had passed, havo deepened into a thick, heavy fog, and brightened^ by the scarlet hips and haws appeared in very truth liko 'phantoms' of their own selves when clad in all tho glory of thoir summer beauty. Tho loveliness of this bouquot cannot, I tnink, be fully understood by a casual g!aucot and will need sovoral visits to bo really appreciated. A bottor offeot could, in my opinion, bo obtained by a whito baso replacing tho bluo ono which now holds tho leaves, but, of courso, any alteration is impos sible now tho Exhibition is once opouod. A good mauy specimens of leather-work aro 011 Yiow, tho handsomest being a tablo holding an epergno filled with woll-executod wax flowors. On tho opposito sido of tho court is anothor oporguo of an extremely protty form— small class baskots of a light, slender shapo hang from the sides, and tho wholo of it is tastefully arranged with vory natural-looking blossoms mado in tho samo material as those just mon tioned. Not far from it stands a case with a colleotion of fruit of all kinds, that aro roinark ably truo to naturo ; somo of tho pears seem of an unusually largo sizo, but that is tho only ex- 1 coption that can bo takon to this oxhibit. At tho furthor end of tho court hangs an ornamont for the mantel-jueco, composed of silk of tho favourite shade of old-gold so much in voguo just now ; it is adorned with paintings of flowers dono in oils. A deeper shade 01 silk would, I think, show them off to much greater advantage. Mrs. Cfamono, of Footscray, exhibits a stand of flowors, admirably carved from tho cuttle-fish; thoy are vory olfoctive, and of a puro whito which enhances their beauty, A curiouslook ing blossom attracts, much attontion, it is mado 111 whito wool and bears tho singular namo of ' Holy Ghost flower ' ; just in front of tho vaso which holds it, is another ono containing a largo bouquot composed of tho samo material with a fjiuttllplant luiraod 'tho moving plant of India,' a. titlo given. on account of somo poouliar movomont of tlio loaves which contiuuo in agitation day and night. I novor saw bottor wool flowers, and thoy noarlv all dono from memory. A stand sent by Mrs. Hatow— to whom also bolong somo of tlio scawoods and pressed ferns already montiouod — is termed Neptune's Car, and intended to roprosont two fcouos of ocean lifo ; tho upnor ono showing tho sea-king soatod ou a nautilus shell, drawn by threo soa-horsos ahroast, with branches of whito coral surrounding him. Tho sea is very well imitated ; the lowor scono is a coral cavo, fringed with various seaweeds, tho flooring oomposed of sand strown with difforont kinds of sholls, small pobblos, and sprays of seaweed. In tlio contro aro soated two mer maids, and bohind a branch of whito coral appears anothor soa-horso. Tlio idea is an excessively pretty ono, and vory well carried out with the exception of tho Ihroo figures, which nro too unniistakoably liko dolls. Somo 011111 eggs, mounted on vases of loat-her-work in difforontstugos, natural, varnished and bronzed, aro muoh admirod. Tho eggs aro worked with Homo dosigns, apparontly Chinese, and tho vases carvod with forns. kangaroo and emu. Tho threo exhibits will form a charming gift for any porson dosirous of sending ouo to tho old country. A caso, which interests mo very much, is tlllod with sovoral of tho Austra lian wild-llowors, mado in wax, and forwarded by two sistors— Miss Eva and Floronco Peebles. Amongst thom aro two kinds of wattles, so natural in their appoaranco thiit it is really difficult to refrain from bonding down to inhale the exquisite pcrfuino belonging to tho tree; a largo spray of tho boautiful desort-nea, and a branch oi a most gorgoously-hucd flowor, labelled tho 'Tasmanian Warutuh,' whoso colour is of a doop, brilliant crimson. I rogrot very much that thoso young ladies did not send iu somo moro of their admirablo imita tions of our wild blossoms, as many, whoso avocations do not allow of any longfchoucd visit to tho oonntry, can liavo but littlo idea of tho vivid colouring and oxquisito beauty with which our Mnstor has iu so many placcs 'u clothed tho grass of the fiold.' I11 tho stand I havo already described as con taining tho oxhibits mado from tho pith of rushes, is a vory boautiful text, that will, I trust, proaoh its own loving, though silont sermon to tho crowds passing up aud down tho stnir-caso facing it: uBo not weary iu well doing.' E. A. 0. 