LAYING FOUNDATION-STONE MINLATON INSTITUTE. On Monday August 23, the foundation-stone of the Minlaton Institute was laid. The weather in the morning was threatening, but at midday it cleared up, and was everything that could be desired. As the time fixed for the ceremony drew near vehicles of all descriptions began to arrive in the usually quiet township, and gave it quite an animated appearance. At 4 o'clock, when a large concourse of people had assembled at the site of the institute, the secretary, Mr. S. Carter, announced that the stone would be laid by Mr J. Ford, the president of the institute. Mr. Ford, after the usual formalities had been observed, declared tbe stone well and truly laid. He then addressed the assemblage, and in a short, humorous, and well-chosen speech pointed out the advantages that would accrue from having an institute established in their midst. Minlaton, he remarked, had had the pluck to start an instititute when quite in its infancy. There was not another township on the Peninsula, nor did he think a township in the colony which had had the courage to attempt such a building at so early a stage of its existence. He hoped the residents of Minlaton and the surrounding districts would come forward in a liberal manner with their subscriptions. In conclusion he wished prosperity to the Minlaton Institute. The request for donations having been liberally responded to, Mr. Carter, the secretary, stated that two bottles had been placed beneath the statue, one containing a copy of their local newspaper, the Yorke Peninsula Advertiser, a copy of the day's proceedings, and a document, a copy of which read as follows:- This stone was laid by J. Ford, Esq., on the 23rd day of August, 1830, in the forty-third year of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and Empress of India, and during the Governorship of His Excellency Sir William Francis Drummond Jervois, G.C.M.G, C.B. This building is to be called the Minlaton Institute, having for its object the promotion of knowledge and national recreation by its members. The trustees are—Messrs. John Ford, Thomas Herring, William Long, William Henry Quartly, Stephen Carter, Richard Butler, James Hogan, Charles Zippel and Daniel G. Teichelmann. The building was designed by Stephen Carter: the builder, David Crawford. President, J. Ford; vice-president, Wm Long; hon. secretary S. Carter. Witness to this document, Edward Newman, J P. 'God Save the Queen.' In the second bottle were placed the billheads and cards of all the tradesmen in the township, together with coins of the realm. The idea of building an institute, he said, was mooted about two years ago, but had not made any material progress until within the last six months. He was happy to state that subscnptions in money and material had been so liberal that the committee had every reason to believe that after the hall was opened, and the bazaar which was to take place in connection with it had been held, it would be free from debt. (Applause.) And although there would be other debts contracted for furniture, &c.;, he had such confidence in the people around that he believed it would soon be removed. Mr. Sutherland also made a few remarks, and in a very humorous speech wished every success to the Minlaton Institute. In referring to the papers, &c.; placed in the bottles he noticed the National Bank was not represented. (A voice—"lt's easily done, put a fiver on the stone." Great laughter.) A vote of thanks to the secretary was proposed by Mr. E Newmann, J.P., seconded by Mr. D. G. Teichelmann, and carried with acclamation. An adjournment was then made to the Baptist Chapel, where a tea meeting was held. A very large number were present, the tables being filled three or four times. A bachelors' tray was under the presidency of Miss Booth and several young ladies, and was well patronised. The other trays were presided over by Mrs. E. Newman, Mrs. J. Ford, Mrs. Quartly, and Mrs. Smith; and although the assemblage was greatly in excess of expectations, the ladies, by good management, were equal to it, and provisions were abundant. After the tea an entertainment of a nautical and literary character was given, presided over by the president, Mr. J. Ford. The attendance was very large, the chapel being uncomfortably crammed. The programme, which was a lengthy one, contained a selection of glees, solos, duets, and recitation. The performers acquitted themselves admirably, and from the frequent applause appeared to give the greatest satisfaction. The overtures were played by Miss Wauchope, of Stansbury, and Miss Humberstone, of Mount Rat. The duets sung by Miss Darby and Miss Hood were much admired. Mrs. Humberstone's solo "Carissima," Mrs. Quartly's solo "Castles in the air," Miss Humberstone's solo "Home they brought her warrior dead," and Miss Carter's "Mary, your father's come home," created unbounded applause. Mr. Sutherland and Mr. Carter must have felt highly gratified at the manner in which their contributions to the evening's enjoyment were received. The first- named gentleman, in "The Gallants of Eng- land," and the latter in "Never trouble trouble," brought down the house. The other performers, the Misses Poole, Carter, Wauchope and Messrs Abbot, Long, Correll, and Baker received well merited applause, but the principal feature of the entertainment was the reciting of Mr. J. Abbot. The audience would not be satisfied until Mr. Abbot again appeared, which he did, giving "Tell's address on liberty" in a masterly style. At the close of the programme Mr. W.H. Quartly proposed a vote of thanks to those ladies and gentlemen who had come forward so nobly that day, and assisted them both at the tea and entertainment. He thought great praise was due to them from the fact that the arrangements had been somewhat hurried; but he felt sure that if there had been any little deficiencies they would be overlooked; and if all had enjoyed themselves as well as he had that day there would not be much to grumble about. Mr. S. Carter in a brief speech returned thanks for the hearty and kind manner in which their services had been appreciated. It was a pleasure to be able to give their assistance at these gatherings, and when the hall was finished he hoped they would have many similar entertainments. (Applause.) The proceeds amounted to over £30. Ho teal generous man would go to a spiritua aeanoe given by a lady medium, and just as the ghost is walking about (while the medium i* tied in the cabinet) reclaim, •* There's a rat right by the ghost" It spoil* the effect to have jtte ghost yell and gather up its aJarta and ran. 