EUROPEAN 'J OP ICS and PAR/ S/ AN CHIT-CHAT. (PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT;) Paris, August 12. J lie Municipal Council, in |#rc»/;ncc of the vast extension which the pcience of adulterating food has taken, is about nominating u Hpecjal corjjs of unitary insjjecforfi to protect Parisian stornaclrt. it in concluded that in the single matter of wine over onc-hnlf of the total j u n n 1 1 ty consumed in the capital U delivered to. thc retail trade falsified. Adulteration has its own chemUta, just us has detection; thcra/cof the former Is simply to dis cover a substitute that can resemble an original in appearance and taste, leaving to quasi-rcspcct- able hut wcaHliy lirms the care to dispose of the fraudulent products. It Is thus that wc have wine innocent of the juice of ttic gra|>c ; cider without upplcH ; beer independent of hops and barley ; jams where fruits are unknown ; butter made Willi suet ; coffee from carbonised bullock's mood, and preserved meats where not a particle ot the animal they profess to be can be discovered. iirBu consumption of wine takes place of a compound obtained from raisins ; this is not a hanging offence, as bigamy once was, provided the vendor sells it ns such. The law, however, is not so indulgent for individuals who prepare currant jelly from the pulp of sea-weed, brew smnll beer from box leaves, and sell octopuses as oookccl Labrador lobster. The penalties for adulterated food are not severe in this country. A bint might be taken from Germany, where falsifi cation ofn comestible entails a line of ISOUfr. nnd six days imprisonment ; if the adulteration be of n toxical nature, tlie sentence is six years, audit tun fraud cntnils death, the seller can be imprisoned for life. ' Tin: so-called " Congress of working men " has cured r ranee in general, nnd the workiug men in particular, of such congresses — where not n com mon-sense iilcn was exposed, not n practical con- elusion fonnulnted. All was paradox, violence ttnd vituperation, Tbe working rncn avoided the congress na a leprosy, and several trade gnilds served it with a notice to quit, The congress bad thoelTectof making Socialism more incomprehen sible than ever, nnd proved what Thiers asserted, it has emigrated from Krance. The coiigiess was to promote unity and concord ; but one Iu:b never bccu outside bedlam so muclr disunion nud dis- WHa n0' dearly established that the delegates were working men, still less f'rench sub- jeets; hence sagacious artisans remembered tlie old Ricardian watchword — " (larde a tout." Home cloudy Utopins were detailed, which re- Bcmblcd very much Voltaire's description of metaphysics — one mnn speaking about a subject be floes not understand to another who does not comprehend. One view ivas. favoured — that of re- lying ou incendiarism and muskets rutli-r than legal agitation nnd a freo ballot-box, a weakness for lilies can lead to reprisals, and arson to trans portation for life in New Caledonia, with amnesty after a nine years' residence there. In the middle nges the scholastics published immense (piarto volumes to expound the subject of their quarrels, or tweedledum and tweedledee dilfereuees, To-day the Socialists bring out newspapers by tliu score, in order to quarrel, but without explaining why. In fact tlie Socialists have no solution for Socialism : they speak incessantly, work like alchemists after tho plillofoplier's stone, but take good care never In exhibit tlie most tiny morsel. When the augurs ot Rome laughed over tlie entrails of a bird the sacred rite of divination was at an end. These observations upply to M. Rocliefort, and On- ultras wlio diive, liim, before demolishing his idohhip by-and-liy. Strangers would do well to imitate the French by viewing with indiifcrcnce or good humour tlie pranks of mcli eccentrics who well know the first attempts to put iu practice their .doctrines of spoliation aud assassination would result in their merciless stamping out hy tbe Republic. Two of the leading ultras lmve been this week lodged in a lunatic asylum ub vtw iVttnuim tun. The wild men can make no way in public opinion, and inlional newspapers keep calling on Rocliefort aud Co, to dcllnc their programme. The latter lias been staled Tito abolition of |>ermanent armies, tlie revision of tliu Henatc, military fcrvice for three years, nnd lite separation of Church from Htale. We hardly required ghosts from New Caledonia to propound problems agitated years since, hut that the iUp Van Winkles may ho excused for ignoring. Time and fresh partial elect ions will remove or neutralise .obstructive senators, whose mode of election is vicious. It is a monstrous inequality, for exnuiple, which allows an insignificant depart ment to elect the same number of .cantors— two — as i'aris. There is no constitutional means to re vise the Upper Chamber unless it be itself a con tenting party, nud senates do not commit suicide. As for tlie connection between Church and Hlate, thi question is not yet fully ripe, and besides there is the Concordat, binding alike on tliu Vnticim und tho French nation. However, if the clergy jierslst in systematically attacking tlie Re public which pays tlicui, the grants to the Church might not Ire voted by tlie budget commission, involving thus the rupture of ttic Concordat. Tlie Republicans may lie entertaining angels unawares, btiL it will not pay an enemy for firing ii|H)u them, On the 2111 h August the last division— t liosu engaged in public schools— of the Jesuits shall lie dispersed ; some authentic papers have been dis covered nnd published, cx|>osing an organised rwtriitu Sot that day, by the partisans of llie dis persed. "Try it" — as tho .Minister of War lately replied to i'aul do Cassngnac, who threatened an ' uprising. Not only is the army thoroughly repub lican, but tbo generals in command also. Any disturbance of the mace, whether from clericals, royalistB, or communist, would be at once crushed. Citizens may then alcop iu |>cnco — all the foes of the constitution, isolated or united, are impotent ; tirey hnvo only eric and threats, but if they pro ceed farther, to indulge in musio as Mazcrlu said of tlio trondour/, they must bo prepared to pay for their dancing. Jleyond tlio nuturnl sympathy for privnle sorrow, no marks of regret nre extended to tlio pilgrimage of tho Empress Eugenie, who will go down to im partial history a tlie instigntor of the criminal war against Germany, to proinoto the selfish inter ests of her son, who fell a victim to his own im- prmioace and inexperience. Rut opinion not tlie less reprobate reducing tbe Odyssey of that noble iiuiy to ridicule, as the Figaro does, by staling she " remained nine day nud nine nights nl thu memo rial cross erected where tier son fell, without Inst- itig food, ubsorbed in prayer," One thinks of Dr. Tanner. It appears also tbo suit could not be more torrid, though tlie voyage won regulated for tho . cold season. As for the Prince, " ho fought like a lion, after running after his horse and losing his aabre." TliU Reformed or Protestant Church of r ranco lino also its trials and tribulations, but which come froni within. It represents perhaps n population of two millions, ami is divided into Cnlvinists or Orthodox, nnd Unitarians or Liberals. In 1872 tlie Synod, under the pressure of old Guir.ot, carried, by rather a surprise vote, that no ono could belong to the Orthodox Church who did not believe in n con fession of fuitli, whose articles recognised tlio truths of revealed religion, tlio divinity of Jesuu Christ, nnd tlio inspiration of tlio Old nnd Now Testa- ihc-iH The minority — 1"> upon 10(5 — declared tlicy repudiated nil creeds na being test nets ; and while lieliuving in tliu Scripture?, ie., chiimed)lhe right us 1'roti'slaiitR to exorcise nn untrammelled interpre tation- A Ministerial circular rutilled tliu decision of'tlie Synod, tliua giving it tlio forije of law, and depriving nil Protestants who rufiiiicd to sign tlio nrticlcs of tho Confession, or avow an acceptance Of them, of tlie right to voto for the election of pas' or or cldcra nnd nil matters alfcollng presliy. tcrful local government. Tlie minority appealed tlint a Ministerial decision could not overrule nn organised law, nnd have, after five years, to bow before tlie Privy Council. Tims the Orthodox and Liberals nre now as tlicy were in 1872— in a statu of open warfare. Separation is next to impossible, for the Stnto- will not cudow two Protostnutisins, mid tliu right to local mueting houses, menses nnd tho election of clergy belongs to tlio party having , . tlio local majority. i'uget, nged 10, was seduced by ids pntornnl nnnf'. "(Jed 111, nnd good looking. He avowed lii» crime to bis father, who sent liini to n distant part of Kranne ; but on his return hisguilly passion was unextinguished. The culpable aunt, a laundress, refused a renewal of his advances j lie waylaid licr, nlungcd a eano sword into hor breast, which she courageously extracted. She was cured, ond on tlio trial bogged to bo considered as the sole eiifpnble. The. nephew was condemned to six months' 'imprisonment, and ho assured tlio jury ho would do his best to ilia in prison. ' " Tlio fnsldotmblo criminnl is Mcnc6clon, nged 10, and sou of u clerk in tlio War Oliico. 0 seemed to ' bo naturally, depraved. Ho was sent to sea, as parents can do when sons nre incorrigible, ns they can also incarcoriito thorn, or 'daughters, in 'a .reformatory. Ilo was dismissed jitter undergoing 117 punishments— for hint, plea- nuralilu excitements. Returning to Paris, ho de clined to work, frequented dram shops but never drinking ; associating with thieves, but never thiov- ing ; liis weakness was for otlier crimes. In tlio house wlioro ho resided with his pnronts dwelt n family having (Ivo children. Ono of these, Louise, lie enticed last April to his chamber, to re ceive a sprig of violet, lie violated, then killed licr. Placing tho body botween two mattresses, ho slept on it during tho night, and next day, lifter his parents bad left for their employment, lio heated the stovo' red-liot, cut up tho. body into 40 morsels, and commenced burning them. Tito odour and the hissing noiso uttraclcd the attention of tlio neighbours, nnd tho mother suspecting something wrong, colled in a police inspector. Tito door was burst open, the murderor found ut full ' foul work. At tho stutionliouso, when searched, tho : little' hands of his victim were found in his pocket. It was believed for a time be was mad ; indeed, Bano v people happily do not so net, but ns he took in his cell to writing poetry, Mioalieiiists held ho was responsible. Now, Sliukspcore says, " Tho lunatic unci the jioet are of imagination nil compact, Ho will likely be condemned to the guillotine, cspc- ' 'ally as he requested tlie Judge to treat him as he did his victim,-. and no end the trial. Tbe ther mometer registers 102dcg in the shade. This may account for the rather increasing crop of murders ; but, strange to say, few tuicides or sun stroke. The sun may be tbe. source of life, but it is not less so tbe cause of deaths. When M. Oambetla held ins fir.it brief, he ap peared before the bench with beard and nioustaclie. The Judges reminded him that was not etiquette. He bowed, requested the suspension of his case for quarter of an hour, when he returned closely shaven — save the orthodox mutton-chop whiskers. The beard has always been associated with the manners and customs of peoples ; the gods ate represented with beards as expressive as those of patriarchs. After the battle of Tolblac, in 496, Clovis begged the conquered chief to come and touch hls beard as token of peace. However, Alnric seized the ambassadors by tbe beards and cctnmnnded them to depart, Clovis then swore by tlicir beards lie would be revenged — hence tlie origin of that form of oath. From time to time tlie beard has been worn square, round, long, short, pointed and tressed. I'ojics welcomed and opposed tlie beard, and the Fathom — Saints Arnbroisc, Uynrinn, Jcrom?, kc. — wrote for and against. Queen Elenore wr« divorced from Louis VII. because, having shaven his board, he looked so hideous that she declined to cohabit witli him. The Renaissance restored the majesty of tlie beard, as it did other glories, thanks to the nrtists, but Louis XVI. did not cul tivate it ; bis weakness was for bag wigs to cover his wen. Under the First Republic the citizens shaved as clean as billiard balls, seeking in tlio folds of cravats a substitute for the beard ; under the Third Republic fashion concedes tho liberty to be lieardcd like the pard, or as closc-shnvcn as n monk. Tlie decorated combatants of tlie Revolution of July 1 8IIO, lmvc held their annual reunion, the day we celebrate, were present, such youngsters nnd staid mortal nnd immortals — for there are Academician, as Dictionary LittrA, aged 76 ; Miguel, (80), tlie historian ; 1!. II. Hilnirc, and lilanqui, who lias never rclinqiiislicfl bis love for a threc-dnys' frec- figlit on »1i occasions. Tlieiitli, Ctb nnd 7th volumes of Thiers' spccchps hnvo np|.enred ; they touch on the events from 18-t'i to 1864, nnu have a to-day actuality on polemical questions.- Tub ilauhtune Journal mye that Jesuits recently expelled from France hare purchased liaics's Place, near Canterbury lor many years tlie residence ol Miss Barbara Fclicitc Hales, a Roman Catholic lady. The sum paid tor tho mansion, together with hi acres of land, was £21,000, and it is intended to have a Jesuit college on the estate for 160 pupils. 