PORTIANDI FLOUR MILL. We may safely a-enue that nine hundrel and ilnety-nole out of every thoIuana throucholut tie clivlisedl world are conqumera *t bread. We need not go, as the Prine so R ryal is said to have done, into thie norti a of lfstlilution between bread and toast, but we may be allowe I to hoi I grave dobtis Ma to the nlumber of bre«l conosu lers will know anyithlid of thr prcess by which tie staple fond nf tho world i prinmarily produced. Any ne1 canl tell you thlt flour 14 ground wheat, but is It generally known hw th.. whent is ground ? lore the consuming public tl'e least notion of tlie trouble,. caro aod, a iole all, cleanliness requisite to produce a tho roughly good loaf-nifways easuming Ihat the bakers are coupeluent ?-lf uat, they will ptruse the fo:luwlng remark-, and digeSt tllem (the llusionl to the digelive organs may bo pardoned), to their advantage. A contempil ted visit of a few'minutes to the 'urtlanl flotur mill, now owned and worked by our townnnman Mr.James aIwkins, led to a really enjrable lIspectlio of the whole establishment that extended over a couple of Ilhnrs. The general appearance Of prosperits that ihoivred about tlis once rather lumble down structure was the first thing to strike the obserrer, for on enterig the gates a newly metalled road took the place of a qnigmire, and, on nearitig the mill, It was evident that new base walli of brick or stone bad been substituted for the old wood- work whicll had lohig elive otted away.' Thl request of old Scrooae, in Dickeps' "Christmas Carol." that his partner's ghost would not indulge iu thr "flowery," was quite Iiapplicable heie. The visitor mu-t regard the "e:emaet" as a n mtter of course, but, whethir or no, if he cmrsoleltintiuly pursues his investigationDa ie will get it. On entering the very extensive biilding. for the first timo, by the way, our reporter was struck with the general appotrance of order ind cleauliuiss that prowailed. A very white man, apparently abs-rbed in the'conn Stolmplation of a handful of flour, that was coming lown a wooden spout, was induced to turn his bead and look up, whereupon the I oxamination of the premises and machinery, the explanation of the process of fluu:-pro ducing, and several interesting pddenda, of which anon, liecame absolutoiy imperative. In the first instenco the wheat, as sup plied to tile mill, is emptied into a bin on the ground floor, from wbhnce it is raised by elovators to the soeond story, and passed through an Adelaide drake machine. This preliminary oleanser is pronounced by Mr. Laurie, the manager, to be the best and most effective machine in existence, so far 1 at least, as his experience goes, which we are led to believe is by no means inconsider Sable. The wheat, thus cleansed, or rather s.eparated from the drake, then falls into a I irge wooden chamber capable of holding 150 bushels, the drake passing down a pipe in another direction, where it is bagged for fowl-food. or any other purpose for which It i ty be needed. SThb the partially-oleansed grain meets with another luriller, in( the shape of a patented (machiue called a "Smutand Separ ator coobiniedt." The action of thi- queer l looking affair ilpeculiar, and tihe kniwledge Sit seems to possess of thledifferenoi betweoo I ound grtdin and defective, stalks and rub r hish, descending as low an duet 'even, is sometlhing as:*amhbing. - The wheat, poured from tle drake machine above, heie passes over three riddlos, by which masans fourlif ferent elements re assorted anid dilintiniodl Sand cosinigneo to their relative departments. Four woolden apntit are attached. Into on.' goes the dust, into anolher the "hiddene," Sthat is said to be the correot term, into a third the screeniing, while the fourth re Sceives the pure grain. The ohaff passes out at tho back through another channel into a chamber prepared for it, where it is bagged sand set aside. Ths is termed the exhaust house. .From the Smut and Separator the grain, in its cleansed condition, is condnated by elevators into the upper story, where it undergoes a third haraasing processby pass ing through a revolving aeroou, which re moves all dust and rbbilish that m'iy liae been left by fornor machinil applications. :then, and not until it hse asasumed a condi tion of positive perfeolion, the grain pas-ei downwards botwoon the stones, where it is converted, not into flour, but Into; whole meal. Tie mill is furnished with three pairs of stones, though only tw.l)p:dlr are at present In use. owing to the lack of engine power to drive the whole effeltively, but it may be remarked that while in the late Mr. tlenty's time fifteen bays as day was about the aver ate, twenty are nowturnod out without dificulty. Thlil whole meat s then llfte. by elevators to the upper floor, being forced into channols by a timple screw whihh reseimble a gigantic fin augur more tihan anything else, and transferred to the silk dres-lig machine. This has been newly covered, and is the dresser Is a curious and not unimportant fea ture in flour production, we imay as well attimpt to describe its appearance and modus operandi. Thie iaclilne In about 20 feet long, mnd to an outsile obserrer looks like an elongated me:t fse, with doors at a ter alen of about four feet. The removal.of one of thi so duori sllhos you a long revolvinr cage; covered witlsilk, with in which the meal is being tsiled and tumbled about in an apparently reckleis fashlion. Thel meal 1i forced alt ug by another " tin auunr," and, as the silk In of different de grees, o coarsenes or fioenesn the tran and pollaitltare' eailly seri'ratled irnu thle fle flour and forwardid 'y down pipes, to the lower reglons whete they are ba?ted. Talk irit of tis silk dressing process, it may fur. nlsh poinoe idea. of tihe flelees of the mInie valklb'lo nrtlcle nrodnued to state that tihe ilushle. throlhll whioL the four i esifted are compoedt of 120 threads to the inchl that is to sy that 120 lthreaes go lengthiwa.ys and 120 acios. It Ii throuuh such a fue milk clolh as this that. tie pure flouc is driflte or shaken, and transferred to ti0e bula tn a f0 state for market. Apart from the ancto al mil lelf the slor sme room isanmple,s'a lin a marvellous coo. dlthin of cleinlinesl. Tie up-stairs room, where the bags bearing the mill's brind are packed, Is about 160 feet long by 60 feet wile the waills and scht portilon of the unanilng as are Il 'ible, presestiii, a condition to whichl the old s ying of " eating your dli. net off them" would not be misappllel. Of course it would be difHllult to et your dinner iff the Iron walls, bit you inlgght hung your meat up there with much 'btter chance tli ats " keeping" thla n niie.lenlhs of the safes in use. The walls arewaliled witll hot liml, an(U the applltipiou iIs ppeated per- I iodtatll. .. Before leaving tbse mill proper to discuss I thie engine ronlm, we may reinark that under I the proesnt owuerlhip sth I'ortland I nr s ] worthll 10s. ton mon e Ihaun lht ut anly other i mill. Local bakers will earify Ihl slalteisent, for one of them, who ran get flour del iered here at L1 Ile., prefer girlig £10 oa. for 1 the t)ortland artile, : - Mr. Laurir, the msnager, to whose cour- I teous replanatlon and attention reaiders I of this descrptioi are ehilfl Inilebtedl, I stales that during the pslt eiaron molst t liberal support has been accorded the mill. I Hleywod, Condals. Di.rtmior. N.lrawong, I Urldgewlter, 'tyrendarra, rItd itlloer places o Illar' ill cdnrlbiblted if Its suocese, and tlio e woinder is why, when suc satinfactllon iha ii tn gIven to those furnishliing grirs, snd v wheat l so plentiful In tsi town, tliers v hntauld be a ilnlloe Lag of flour Imported t friml other mills. The engla. room ef Mr. Ifawklns' mill is c also well worthl mentlonlng. Mr. Jlr (. hoed, wtio as irnliarga uf 1i1 Is kriwsi lo ti lace a feelring of d.rotlon trinrd. Ill in..s II chr nlosal chrge tlhat resembles the affecltiol man are popularly supposed to bear tlaeir r w-ie. But the elire departireut anl ap. e pliancs are well deerrling of notice. Tlie V aunllei, only e aiinll on', of, ray. Iilsu h.p. Ib nioluilni, w rs reoitel by tile late Blr. K. c, Ilenty aonltlh yearts ago. It wasI not very d will treatnilt illIa ilfenc.y, hult ubuut IB h months ago, when Mr.' awkins asumed g proprietorship of the mill, took the practical man 'nteot or h l it wos:thoroughly OVfrhaulw1 - read d re-hollered, alnd i now, for o ts s;e s?l as goondan effective a hit of a Prrhi any in the town. Mir. B"o'd ?'lr '.d ice p' openslties for inge lnouins al tu. cou'lt. He makes Illi engines au i.pp Iull.r wih Ihot cater hby a l-ppIyo bt. I rIe S wioan f y a or fll st II makea the lenge pumpB tlwa .rw1 e thir well by collloction with the fron1 llft by mea of ao eduy In belt. Tile water r forced into olutrle bhiior, where it s hilOe o ltha deltrhle pitchl b mean, o *neate t tbun omling expeose in reonumlpton of eT Tite wrier Is tllen coaveyecd from one oer to tile other by a poiltr rol- bo d er lion. The steam polniog from the malo boitln whirth I a new and .rem. ktbl m n°, IeCts the water froma the other i t,l.r on and., by some principle of tlydlrtra! cr.5turr It rIto moother plipe whiioc fed t' aUmrn boilthe at the wil of the eniner. It prto is simpie, and may bhe OldI t inetr. thelea t both economical end t e be Tie con ?umptlon of drewool do ,, % . e" two and a half tOlns dayllh is ,t c etdi a very modlerate allowance coosiderin the presaure tobe mzaotalned. Enalne rtoom, boiler room, and mill buildings are kept in a condition tiat chown the pride staken in tIem by the mlrter and engineer, whl o prepr?ent t(I etire l?ro employed onI the etabhllshment. s d11 .iloce who aend "lrecta' halo ample security ,t forded them that they will hare ftlr treityent with thlleir tiraln and the baeet and leanet produce retornedl to them. It would repay anyone intereated to tile business to Ihlpegt. this mill add rwatchl It workllg, tile coly' rewbaok being ilie tot.. cIty for a elgaroom applicatlon If thie clotiri. brshlll afterwards, and a illtalion of ha rrll been fed Involuotalrily with an eaorbhair amount of the staff of life in Its craurt bht none the lern healthy form. 