The municipal elections in she City and provincial towns are now; over. The rejected candidates will have to get over the disappointment in the best possible way by consoling themsel res with the thought that when twelve months hare rolled round they will again throw, themselves on the tender mercies of the ratepayers, and hope that they may then be more successful. The newly-elected officers in the various municipalities will, we trust,, do their best to rightly discharge their dotieB, in order that the corporate towns may be improved and the in terests of the ratepayers furthered. We have for a lengthened period watched the proceedings of corporate bodies in various parts ol (he colony, and mast 'confess that a commendable amount of .zeal has been . s shown by them towards beautifying -the towns and otherwise substantially improving them. The sanitary state of such places has not been overlooked, the require ments of the Health Act having- been to a great extent complied with, -and where there have been infringements or indications, of laxity on the part of ratepayers the health officers have put matters as they should be. As the cor porate towns advance in importance by the increase of population and trade, so will it be necessary for the muni cipal bodies to keep pace with the im provements that will be requisite as growing out of such an onward state of things. We do not wish to convey the impression that South Australian towns are models of perfection, for such they are not, but we do mean to say that advance is being made in the right direction. Every Council should seek to do as much work as possible, and at the same time be 6trictly econo mical by avoiding unnecessary expen diture. Were we to refer to defects or mis takes, to which some corporate bodies would have to plead guilty, we would place first on the list what is known as 'overdraft.' Some corporate towns are sorely crippled by it year after year. Sometimes, it is true, circum stances may justify the borrowing of a considerable amount — as in the case of Jamestown, to plant and fence in the park lands — but when such a work is done efforts should be made to reduce the liability. The towns that have overdrawn largely at their bankers pay' away annually in interest money suffi cient to make substantial streetim provements. The Clare Corporation has of late years been endeavoring by every possible means to reduce the overdraft, and not without success. It is to be hoped that the new Council will adopt a similar course, and that at the end of the municipal year the overdraft will not exist. Were rate payers more punctual in the navment of their rates the burden of the respective Councils would be materially lightened. There are always a number of defaulters, and a marvellous amount of leniency is extended to them by the collectors. Tnere is, it may be, a natural reluctance to take action against well-to-do and respected resi dents who have neglected to pay their rates; and to pass by such and act rigorously towards ' the poorer de faulters would hardly do. By allow ing rates to fall in arrears an injustice is done to corporate towns, and neces sary works are allowed to lapse or are delayed in consequence. At the recent election in one of the wards in, Clare only 39 votes were recorded, and we believe that very few more of the rate payers were qualified, owing to not having had their .names placed on the roll, or. through being in arrears. About double the number of persons in the ward referred to might, had they qualified themselves, recorded their votes. The same state of things exists in the City and other corporate towns, and when there is a contested election nearly ope-half of the ratepayers find that they have no vote. There is need for improvement in this respect, and we think that were the Finance Com mittees to look into such matters the collectors would be obliged to take the necessary steps to recover moneys in arrears. While referring to municipal matters we would suggest that the Clare Cor poration do something to improve the appearance of the. Town Hall, and that the improvements should be such as to increase . the revenue of the building and meet the interest on the outlay. The unsightly pile of masonry intended for a tower is supposed by visitors to be the chimney of a meat-curing establishment. By adding another story to the front offices the building would look much better. The stone used in the tower could be utilised in the structure, and the total cost would not be very great. Something like £70 was expended only a few months ago in repairing the fiat roofs of the offices, and they are still leaky. Money will be frittered away annually in patching roofs that have been badly constructed; whereas were the addi tions that we suggest made the build ing would be an ornament to the town. lhe new omces could be let readily, and the existing offices would not be damaged and rendered damp in showery weather as they have been hitherto. We think if the Council made a move in the matter the rate payers wonld sanction the outlay. Passenger Returns — These returns for the week ending Saturday, Nov. 27, give a total of 637 inwards, and 250 outwards. Staple Produce Returns. — The re turns of the staple produce of the colony, exported during the week ending Saturday, November 27, give a total value of £117,532. Produce Expobts. — During the week ending Saturday, Nov. '27, the total quantity of flour exported was 1,462 tons ; wheat, 68,004 bushels? barley, 256 bushels} bran and Pollard, 17 tons ; oats, 303 bushels. A Concert. — A grand amateur concert -was given in the Town Hall, Clare, on Friday evening, December 3, in aid of the Sisters of St. Joseph's School. The building in every part was crowded, and the Mayor, Mr, F. C Gray, presided on the occasion. He gave a very suitable address, and spoke highly of such entertainments, as being pleasing and of an educational charac ter. The overture was played very skilfully by Mr. Pryor's brass band. Mr. Pryor is ever ready to render valuable assistance on occasions when his help is sought gra tuitously, for which he is deserving of kindly mention. Miss McNamara and Miss Daly were then introduced, when they sang the duet, ' Music and her Sister Song.' The young ladies appeared slightly nervous, owing probably to its being their first ap pearauce in public as vocalists. They soon, however, felt at borne with the audieuce, and acquitted themselves very well. Mr. Motley then pave in his usual effective style the song, ' Thy Voice is Near.' This was followed, by the song, *? Oh, give to me those Early Flowers,' by Miss Mary Henry. This young vocalist has a pleasing voice, aud though not strong it is clear, and with care ful cultivation she will be an acquisition in part singing. A hearty eucore was given, to which the lady responded. Mr. Dare, oue of our residents, recited eloquently with and capital effect, ' The Spanish Champion.' The song, ' The Blue Alsatian Mouutaius,' was charmingly given by Miss Treleaven. That young lady has become quite a favorite, and her presence at such entertainments tends considerably to their success. Mr. Buckingham sang ' Wrecked and Saved,' with an expression and action that was ex ceedingly pleasing. 'The Merry Zingar' was capitally sung by Miss J3ennin#han). That lady has a rich and highly-cultivated voice, which, with her ease of manner, cap tivated the , audience. In response to a deafening encore, she sang very sweetly, ' The last Rose of Summer.' Then followed a duet, 'Flowers and Butterflies,' by Miss M. Graham and Miss R. Daly, but they were placed at a slight disadvantage, as they had evidently not attended rehearsal, and there was a noticeable want of harmony. Both ladies have good .voices, but they re quire more tutoring to render them really efficient singers. A farce entitled the ' Water Barrel,' was next on the pro gramme, and the actors were Messrs. J. Baum, O. Smelt, and J. Owens. The two former signally failed in their parts, for they persisted in speaking in a whisper, whereas the farce could only be rendered effective by distinct enunciation. Their acting was faultless, but it lost its effect as the actors were mutes. The ghost did its part very well. After a short interval Miss Giiien and Miss Cousins played very nicely the pianoforte duet, 'Oovent Garden Quad rilles,' which was followed bv the amusing song ' Babies on our Block,' which had justice done to if by Mr. Toovey. His attire, action, and voice were quite in har mony, and the ' babies' took immensely. ' The Bridge' was sung very correctly, and with expression and feeling by Miss Lum bers, and at its conclusion that lady received a shower of bouquets, and had to reappear. Mr. Buckingham then sang ' Tim Flaherty,' in characteristic style, and with as good effect as if he had been reared on the 'green sod' and had the blood of Erin flowing through his veins. 'The Lover and the Sunshine' was exquisitely sung by Miss Bermingham, and in response to encore she gave ' The Merry Sunshine.' Mr. Buchanan then appeared on the boards, and gave a humorous recitation with good delivery and action. The song ' Chide not, my Heart,' was given by Miss Treleaven with consider able pathos and fire, which showed that she fully realised the idea of the author. Mr. Macfarlane followed with the song ' The dear little Shamrock,' which was given in that gentleman's peculiar but pleasing style, for which tibr1 hid to fay the penalty of having to reappear.' 'Eileen Alannah' was sung very'sweetly by Miss McNamara, and was deservedly encored. Mr. Motley then sang 'Let me Kiss Him for his Mother,' after which an operetta in one act, entitled ' The Biind Beggars,' was per formed in fine 'style by Messrs. Buckingham and CJ. Young1. ' Thev were thoroughly up in the piece, and with their -beggar costume and effects they convulsed the audience. Mr. D. Bain and Miss Coe played the ac companiments. The National Anthem brought a very successful entertainment to a close. The takings amounted to £29. Sly Gbog-Selmng.— The Far North is becoming notorious as- a place where sly grog-selling is carried on, find despite the number of convictions there seems to be but little abatement of the practice. Ou De cember 3 three persons were convicted at the Blinman Court, before Mr. Buttfield, S.M., for sly grog-selling on the Great Northern Railway, and the fines amounted to £40 independent-of costs. How to get ;a Seat. — An elderly female, who hails from Donnybrook, at tended the concert given in the Clare Town Hall on Friday evening last She entered rather late, but perseveringly threaded her way through the crowded assembly. Find ing the chairs all occupied, she looked in tently for a few moments at a lady who was sitting with a child in her arms, then suddenly pounced upon her and forcibly removed her from the chair. The intruder at once occupied it, and seemed quite un concerned, notwithstanding the confusion she had occasioned. .. The insulted lady did not resent this rude, behavior, but quietly gave place, and appeared as if she could have said— ; ' Why, look you, how yon storm I I would lie friends ?with you, and have your love.' Ourselves.— A writer in the Southern Argus in giving an. .account of a trip to the North speaks favorably of Clare, its scenery, crops, and buildings. Of ourselveshe says : — ' The Northern Argus office, to which as an old Press man I naturally made my way, is situated in the main street. The paper is well -sot up, and I believe en iovs a crood circulation. The proprietors have a nice and varied assortment of ' plant' suitable for all kinds of miscellaneous printing.' Professor Pepper's Entertainment. On Saturday last the world-renowned Pro fessor Pepper gave his first entertainment in the Town Hall, Clare. It was marvellous throughout, and should be well patronised by the public. The audience was not so large as we expected, but Saturday-night entertainments are not as a rule over-well attended. The programme was faithfully carried out, and the reputation of the Pro fessor was fully sustained. The ghostly ap paritions were capital exhibitions of optical science, and they were so plainly visible as almost to bewilder a portion of the audienc. ' The Lovers and the Umbrella' was both amusing and tragic. When the lady lover disappeared -in the way that only a ghost can, a Scotchman who was present said, ' Jock, let us gang awa' ; there is something unco' up there,' and although upbraided as a coward he still held out. ?? The Spectre of the Castle of Udolpho' was an exhibition of itself worth the price of admssion. 'The Artist's Dream,' and 'The Barber Worried by Ghosts,' werecleverly exhibited, and produced great applause. Microscopic slides were exhibited, and the high magni fying power that was brought to bear on the objects rendered that part of the enter tainment instructive and highly interesting. The Professor explained everything clearly, and his distinct and correct utterance made his lecturettes by no means an unimportant part of the programmes. The representa tion of statuarv, ancient and modern, fully exhibited the skill, and conception of the ma«ter sculptors who have long biuce passed away. The shadow pantomime caused much merriment. The exhibition was varied and interesting throughout, and the singing and dancin-rof Madame Cavalfao were applauded. The entertainment was resumed on Monday evening with a change of programme, and was well patronised, but we are unable to give a report of it in this issue. This (Tuesday) afternoon a matinee for schools and children will be given at reduced priced, when we have no doubt there will be a large muster of juveniles. On the same evening the Professor will give a grand ghostly en tertainment, and a number of 'local hits' will be introduced. The exhibition far exceeds anything of the kind that has pre viously been shown in the colony. Death op Sir George Kingston. — Another of the pioneers of South Aus tralia has passed away. A celegram, kindly sent us by ' the Register on Saturday, con tained the sad intelligence that Sir George Kingston had died at sea en route to Bom bay. Owing to his failing health Sir George, acting on medical advice, was induced to take a short sea voyage expecting that a change of climate would recruit his health, but the result has been contrary to human expectations. Six G. Kingston arrived in South Australia in November, 1S36, in the ship Cygnet, he being then 28 years of age. From the first he took an active part in public matters, and was a most valuable colonist. Being by profession a surveyor and architect he was an acquisition to the survey staff in the eariy days of the colony, and many of the city and suburban structures were designed by Sir George.? He gave much attention to politics, and being ex tremely liberal in his views he became a popular politician. He was strongly op posed to State aid to religion, and in 1851' he was elected member for the Burra under the new Constitution Act, and that session a Bill was introduced in favor of State aid to religion, when Sir George on its first reading strongly opposed it. In 1857 he was elected Speaker of the House of As sembly, and with the exception of two years when he was out of Parliament he has oc cupied the position of Speaker. He has for a number of years represented the district of Stanley, and was held in high esteem by electors of every shade of opinion. Hie thorough openness of character, liberal views, and grasp of intellect made him deservedly popular. At the close of last Parliament he intimated to the House his intention of retiring into private life, and though the announcement was received with regret it was felt that Sir George had done his duty to the State as a public man. It was there fore hoped that though he had reached the advanced age of 72 he would enjoy a few1 years of rest in the bosom of his family. The Wise Ruler has, however, called him away to a rest that will be lasting and joyous. Sir George left the colony for Bombay on November 14 in the R.M.S. Malway, but he died on November 26 be fore reaching his destination. Hoesk Accident. — On Sunday last, while George Symes, 6bn of Mri A. Symes, farmer, of near Koolunga, was riding after some loose horses, the animal he rode col lided with one of the others, and Symes was suddenly transferred by the shock to the back of the other horse, and from thence. td the ground. The youth was very much shaken,and his right ankle rather seriously in jured. He was brought to the Clare Casualty Hospital, where he was attended by Dr. Smith. 