THE HARLEY-STRIEET MYSTERY. THE inDquoston the body of tho woman un earthed in Harley-street came yesterday to a close. Dr. Hardwicko, the coroner, in his summing up, invited the jury to the verdict which they ultimately returned, observing that the further prosecution of the inquiry would be can'ieod on by the police, and .would probably be conducted more thoroughly than if tohe inquest were ad journed. To a certain point no doubt the evidence before the jury was conclusive. In tho area cellar of the house, which for many years has been occupied by Mr. Honriques and his family, were found in a tub tlhe mutilated remains of a woman. The broad fact that a doead body has boeen concealed affords in itself a strong presumption of foul play. In the present caso this presumption is reduced to certainty. The medical evi dence conclusively proves that tlhe woman whoso body has been founild was ktilled by a murderous stab between the fourth and fifth ribs, intended no doubt to pierce the heart. On these details Dr. Spurgin and Mr. Bond of the police and Dr. Popper of St. Mary's hospital aro confident in their opinion, and tlhey are further inclined to believe that the body after death was buried for some time together with a quantity of chloride of lime, and was afterwards removed and roughly thrust into the tub where it was found. Thus then the verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons to the jury unknown is the most obvious conclusion to which the evidence points. The verdict of the jury leaves the case one of wilful murder, anid the question now remaining is, by whom was the crime com mittcd ? Obviously tie murderer lhand access to the cellars in which the remains have been found. But it is equally obvious that throughout the period within which the crime must have Ieen perpetrated the num ber of persons who had such access and used it was extremely limited. The cellar is in the basement of MIr. Henriquos' pro mises, and is approached from the area. It is used for cleaning boots and for other domestic work; but aI portion of it is ap propriated to purposes which make it a mat tor of moral certainty that it would never be entered except by some male domostic in tihe employ of Mr. Hoeriques, or by some watcher or "caro-taker," presumably a malo, left in temporary charge of the house. Thus then the problem presented to the police in one to be solved by tlhe mothod known to logicians as that of oxhaustion; and the diligence with which the detectives have brought together, from all quarters, every witness likely to let light upon tihe precise period during which the crimno was committed, shows how closely their inquiry has been conducted, while it also suggests a strong probability that the ends of justice will be attained. The story, as it roughly presents itself in the reports of the procedl ings before the coroner, is to say the least a very strange one. It seeooms that within a very short lperiod of time Mr. Ilonriques was unfortunato enough to bie colipolled to dischargeo some tlhrou or four mou-servants, one or two of whom were not of the best clharacter or most unqumestionable anteo cedents. An old man was brought be fore the jury who stated that hlie was called in uand asked to repair a fault in thie cellar floor, which hand boeen caused by thie pulling 1up of some bricks. There is however no evidence to show whein or how these bricks wore first pulled up, or with what object they wore originally removed. No ono scoms ablo to eoxactly fix th?e dato at which the cask iu which the mutilated remainls wore found first came into the cellar. It mightl bo thought that a barrel largo enough to hIold a human body would in a small underground vault be anl object suflcicnt on its first appearanc to attract the immodiato attoention of thloso responsiblo for tlhe placeo and for its managemont. Theoro is also a curious incident with regard to a consider able quantity of mouldy broad, which it is said had to be concealed lest tlhe servants should be blamed for wasto; and it was stated in ovidenc by one witness, but flatly contradicted by another, that the holo in the collar was dug to bury these fragments of crust. The incident is, to say the least, oexceeoodingly remarkable. One thing at any rato is swiliioently oloar-that in a largo establishment where there are many ser vants, very many irregularities habitually occur, of which at the time nothing is known or no notice is taken, but which yet afford facilities for the commission with im punity of the very gravest crimes. B]LcOKUMI As A WICKET-KEEPEB.-TlhO London Echo says :-' We, observe that Blackham, one of.the Australian cricketers now in this 'counutry, is called :by a colonial fugleman tho' king of' all wicket-keepers. This remark, hasi goiie the round of the English newspatipers, and substance seems to be given to it by the fact that we have ourselves heard two of our own cracks, Messrs. G. F. Grace and W'. R. Gilbert, say within sound of a good many people, that all the English stumpers rolled into one wouldn't make a Blackham We beg to differ from them entirely. Blackham, good man as he is has not the same kind of bowl ing to take as the Englishmen, say Pilling and Pinder. With the exception of Palmer there is not a fast trundler in the present Australian eleven. Spofforth is now bowl ing slow and medium instead of fast, as he did during the visit of the late colonial team. Everybody knows how easy it is to take slow bowling, but we should like to know whether Blackham could perform the miracles attributed to him against the de liveries of Ulyett, Allan, Hill, Fred. Morley, Mc Intyre, Emmott, and Crossland. Pilling takes all these men constantly on the leg side, and gets wickets by it into the bargain." Writing of the Australian team and their re ception in England the London corrcspon dent of the South Australian Register says: -" The unfairness of punishing the present team for the Harr-is affair in Sydney is ad mitted, except in so far as regards Spofforth, who is accused of having been a ringleader in the outrage at Sydney. He finds his present tou- very different in every respect to his last. He is no.longer lauded as the demon bowler, and his fame is not the open sesame it used to be to the best clubs and private houses in the land." AN. INDICTMENT AGAINST ALCOIHOL.--Thl following denunciations of alcohol are from Colonel Ingersol's indictment of its ill effects before an American jury: " Alcohol outs down youth in its vigour, manhood in its strength, and age in its weakness. It breaks thefather's heart, boreaves the doting mother, extinguishes natural affection, erases conjugal love, blots out filial attach ment and blights parental hope, and brings promaturo age in sorrow to the grave. It produces wealkness, not strength; sickness, not health; death, not life. It makes wives widows, children orphans, fathers fiends, and all paupers. It feeds rhou matism, nurses gout, welcomes epidemics, invites cholora, imports postilence, and em braces consumption. It covers the laund with misery, idloness, and crime. It engendors controversies, fosters quarrels, and chorishes riots. It crowds your penli tentiaries, and fulrnishes victims for tile scaffold. It is the blood of thile gambler, thile clement of the burglar, thile prop of tihe hlighiway-man, and the support of the mid nighllt incoendiary. It countenances tlhe liar, respects the thief, esteems blasphemy. It violates obligations, reverences fraud, honours infamy. It defames bonovolence, hatos love, scorns virtue and innocence. It inllcitos the fatheor to butchor his helpless offspring, and the child to grind the parental axe. It burns up mon, consumos women, detests life, curses God, and despisesl heaven. It suborns witnesses, nurses perfidy, denies the jury-box, and stains the judicial ormine. It bribes voters, disqualifies votes, corrupts elections, pollutes our institutions, and en dangers thile government. It degenerates the citizon, debases thle logislator, dis holeours tho statesmnan, and disarms the patriot. It brings shamo, not honour; terror, not safety; despair, not hope; misery, not happiness ; and with the malo volonce of a fiend calmly surveys its fright ful desolation ; and, stained with havoc, it poisons felicity, kills peace, ruins morals, wipes out national honour, then curses tih world, and laughs at its ruin. It does that and more--it murders the soul. It is the sum of all villainies, the father of crimes, the mother of all abominations, the devil's best friend, and God's worst enemy. COLONIZATION 0' PAI.eSTINe.-Thle Rev. George Nugeo gave a lecturo at St. George's hall on a proposal for colonizing Palestine, and referred incidentally to the existing establishment of a Jewish agricultural colony of fifty-five inhabitants near Jaffa. After some statistics relating to the modern Jews, who, hIe said, had shown themselves so alive to the advantages of education that they numbered half the university students, half the barristers, and more than half tli merchants of Vienna, the lecturer proceeded to develop a pllan which lie said had met with the approval of many Jews, and bad booeen communicated by Mr. Lawrence Oli phlant to the Sultan, who received it favorably, for establishing a Jewish colony on the east bank of the Jordan. The plan was to purchase 1,500,000 acres, to intro duce a European element into its govern ment, and to settle colonies there cither of Jewish peasant farmers or of Jewish farmers employing the labour of the indigenous fellabin. The incursions of the Arabs were a danger, but might be bought off. He had sent a circular to Mr. Goschen, tho new special envoy to Constantinople, who had thanked him most sincerely and expressed a deep interest in the scheme. Tlhe lecturer described the country which was to be settled as exceedingly fertile, and identified it with the land allotted to Reubon, Dan, and the half tribo Mannasseh, A largo part of the lecture consisted of references to ploplecy and accounts of projected railways and a projected water-way to be formed by blasting the rock which divides the Gulf of Alcaba, at the extremity of the Red Sea, from the level of the Jordan valley and the Lako of Sodom.-Times. BlnuWEeR; IN TrEi UNITED KisNGDOS.-It appears by a parliamentary return just is sued that in the year ending September 80 1879 licenses were issued in the whole of the United Kingdom to 2618 common browois, not being victuallors or retail beer sellors, to 99,018 victuallers, to 87,849 per sons to sell boor to be drunk on thoprcuisos, and to 10,0791 persons to sell boor to be drunk off the promises. It will thus be seen that the whole of the licenses issued amounted to no less than 149,589. Of this number, 2510 common brewers' -licenses, 69,870 victuallers', and the whole of the beorsollors' licenses wore issued in England; 13,172 victuallers--of whom 18,031 were in England, 90 in Scotland, and only 1 in Ireland-brewed their own beer, as also did 6558 retail beersellers, all of whom were in England. The common browers consumed last year 46,659.637 bushels of malt: the victuallers 5,595,774 bushels ; and the retail beersellers 2,824,375 bushels. In the year ending December 81 last 51,576,800 bushels of malt were made, and the amount of duty charged was £6,994,259, as compared with 68,752,983 bushels and £7,967,512 duty in the previous year, 1878. THE CHINESE AImsY.-The following are given by the Moscow correspondent of the Cologne Gazette as trustworthy statistiic of the Chinese army :-It numbers not more than 600,000 men. Only 200,000 infantry and 80,000 cavalry can be considered as the active army; the rest perform garrison service. The strength of the troops exists however only on paper, as the greater por tion is sent on furlough by the commanders, who pocket in consequence large sums. Notwithstanding the improvements made since 1860 in the army, it is not in any way to be compared with a European army. In its first organization it proceeded out of tho eight small Manchoo corps, with the help of which China was conquered at the begin ning of the 17th century and the present dynasty established. With the eight Tartar and eight Chinese corps which were formed later, China had an army of about 100,000 men. Only a small part of this army has European rifles, and is drilled to some ox tent by English and French officers; the greater number have no other arms but heavy swords, lances, and even bows and arrows. The guards, formed at the be ginning of the 18th century, have no other task but to protect the residence and family of the Emperor. The guard is composed of six battalions of infantry, of which four are armed with breeoh-loaders and two with six-foot long guns, for the use of which two men are required-one to fire and one to serve as prop. The guards, numbering altogether about 17,000 men, have also 2000 cavalry and 24 Russian mountain cannons as artillery. Bosides this army, which may be considered the nucleus of the Chinese forces, there exists also a provincial army, the Luclh-ing, or the army of the "green colours," which, as China has eighteen provinces, is composed of eighteen corps. This army is reported to number 050,000 men, but the part of it armed and drilled in the European manner and garri soned in the largo towns consists of not more than 50,000 men. TuE FAMOUS JERsY Cow ALPEA.- Wo take the following paragraph from a do scription of this remarkable cow as given by the last American Agriculturist. A stato ment of the yield was made in the October number of last year, page 881, which we believe was the first publication of the facts. Doubt was east upon the statement in c;rtan quarters, but the most rigid scrutiny as made by the author of the article in tihe Country Genutleman confirms the statement then made. There seems to be no doubt that Alphea during tho season yielded from 24 quarts of milk a day when fresh down to 20 and 18 and loss while these tests were being made. The churn in which the milk was churned, and the whole milk was used every time, hold conveniently 18 quarts, and this amount well averaged was churned every time, and the yield of butter was in no instance less than three pounds. This would make the yield 4 lbs, a day while she was giving 24 quarts of milk, or the remarkable total of 28 lbs. of butter a week. SUCCESSFUL FAMSMERiS IN HARD TIsIES. An agricultural writer who has recently re turned from a trip through the eastern states says in an exchange, a most notice able thing in travelling among farmers is thalt tlhose who have heold their own the best through the recent times are tho most pro gressive. By this I mean those who have been quick to see what was best adapted to their line of farming, and who endea roured to supply what the local demand called for. Such men havo been the first to apply improved methods of uonltivation and to cultivate well to apply a liberal dreossing of dung or chemical manures to their soils, knowing that it costs no more to cultivato a field which will yield thirty fold. If the prices are low the largest yield may pay a good lirofit, while the lowest means a serious loss. The word " sell" has (observes the New Zealand Herald) become a convenient form of expression in English to cover a great variety of humourous contretomps. The forensic " sell " is perhaps the most sudden and offective. It usually happens to a learned counsel when cross-examining an adverse, an unwilling, or a nervous wit ness. An instance occurrod recently of the " sell" inquisaitivo, before His Honor Mr. Justice Richmond, an intelligent jury, and a full court. Mr. Brookfield was thocross examining counsel, and a stout and very nervous lady named Connolly was the witneoss, giving evidence in the case of Robert Little, charged with fraudulenout bankruptcy. Some pictures had beeoon placed " under " the witness's house with her consent by the bankrupt's wife. The witness said she had refused to allow them to be brought "into" her house. With the keenuness of a practised examiner, Mr. Brookfield took this to mean thant the wit noess had a knowledge of the fraudulent intention of the bankrupt and his wife, and he pressed Mrs. Connolly further as to the extenout of her knowledge in the following vein:--Did you not know that the goods wore part of the bankrupt estato ? No. Did you not refuse to have them in the house, because you weoro afraid that you and your husband would got into trouble ? (The witness trombled violently, and was helped to a glass of water by the orior of the court.) Auswer the question, madam, demanded the counsel. Witness: I had rather not. Counsel: But you must. Witness : I cannot. Counsel : I shall ask his Honor to compel you. Witness (again trombling violently as if with fright): I cannot. His Honor: You must answer the question, witness. You come hero to give evidence. Witness: Well, I was afraid she had bugs I" This closed the cross-oxamination. The Times publishes a curious analysis of the classes whlich have fulrnished now members to the present parliament. There are 257 now members in all or considerably more than a third of the whole house. Of these no less than 160 are merchants, manufaaturors, or engaged in commoroo in some way; while 52 are lawyers, 44 leing barristers, and 8 solicitors. There are 6 journalists, 7 engineers, 5 bankers, 2 brewers, 3 doctors, G tenant- farmers, 5 publishers, engravers, or printers, 8 clergy men (past and present), 30 oflcers of the army, and 2 of the navy. Of course most of tile military men are also landlords, and rmany of the barristers have other occupa tions; but out of the whole number 172 belong to the strictly trading or professional classes, and only 85 to the country squire archy in its various forms. The new house is believed to be far better educated than the old and to contain a much larger proportion of men who will not be content to ble classed as "fine brute votes." It is noteworthy however that of the professions the only one heavily represented is the legal, though, as in the case already in all free countries except England, the journal ists are arriving in some numbers. There will in all be 14 of them in the new house. The moral farce of Europe (observes tlhe New York Tribune) means somethling whels there is a liberal goverinment in England. Lord Beaconsfield was always willing to enforce thie treaty of Berlin against Russia, but never against the Porto. The diplo matic fooling between Constantinople and Athens was allowed to go on; the Turks were not compelled to give up the territory ceded to Montenegro; and thle forms whereby the face of Asiatic Turkey was to be changed from darkness to light were never begun. The liberal government has a policy of its own. Itloolk upon the treaty of Berlin as the public law of thle continent, and calls upon the powers to enforceo it. On May 11 the University College Women's Debatinug Society had a crowded meeting for the purpose of hearing Mrs. Henry Fawcett open a debate on Somen of the Defects in the English Land System. In1 the course of wha. is described as a re markably clear and vigorous address Mrs. Fvawcett touched upon some of tlhe evils re sulting from the present land laws, showing how as on the one hand the land-owner was hampered by settlement and entail, and on the other the cultivator was trammelled by want of security, capital was hindered from seeking investment in laud improvement. She denounced the Agricultural Holdingsj Act as a sham, and urged the necessity of immediate reform in order that England might be put into a fit position to sustain the annually increasing foreign competition. At the close of the address an animated debate ensued in which Mliss Rees, Miss Armstrong, Mrs. ilannock, Mrs. Mallet, and other ladies toolk part. Miss O'Connor then moving a vote of thanks to Mrs. Fawctt for giving up her time for the society, of which she is president, the speaker paid a graceful tribute to the talent of one who as she said vwas not only our greatest femalo economist and the head of every movement of educational or social advantage to women, but who wams also thoroughly identified withl all the best achievomonts of her husband, the now postmaster-general. The vanity of the fair sex (observes the London Daily Chronicle) compels them to follow with a sort of relentless necessity the freaks and eccentricities of ever changing fashion. A few years ago it seemed good to dressmakers to make and to their cus tomers to wear their pockets in such a posi tion that any one could have recourse to them except those who alone were entitled to do so. The fashion was very hard upon the nimblo-handed gentry who have a fancy for collecting handkerchiefs. It was useless to expect them to pay any attention to the scriptural injunction not to fall into tempta tion. With the best intentions in the world they could not escape the snare, and the result was that the police had a tolerably busy time while pockets continued to invite inspection. Of late a fashion has sprung up which is equally ridiculous and unsafe. Who hlad the merit of inventing it is not precisely known; but it is certain that a considerable number of ladies carry their purses in their hands. How deep this mania will penetrate cannot be foreseon at present. But it appears to be part of the fashion, such as it is, to carry the purse in an ostentatious manner, with a sort of un defined invitation to the covetous filcher or the hungry beggar to take it if he can. The invitation is sometimes taken in real earnest, and althoughll this species of petty crime is both detoestablo and deplo able, it is difficult to have much sympathy with silly women who fall victims to it because they lhave an absurd idea that in some way they are doing what is correct. It is is curious trait in the feminino chnaracter that the risk of being robbed has no effect whatever on the fashion. The more thlieves the police arrested, the more remonstrances the police-magistrates addressed to the sex at large, the more dan gerous and tempting the pockets became. A few moro cases of purse-snatching and women will he positively ashamluned to be seen without a purse in their hands. No woman will feel that she is properly dressed without her purse. And thus nature fashions a modus vivendi for those who live by their own wits and the folly of others. Professor Colladon of Geneva has (says the Spectator) made some interesting obsor vations on the course of lightuing when it strikes trees and houses. He holds that the groat disclharges which injure trees and houses seldom or never happen while the lightning has an unobstructd courso which it has along the thin upper branches of trees, whore birds and their nests are often left quito uninjured by its descent. But it is where the electric current reaches the thick stem that the tree becomes a worse and wordo conductor, and it is here theoro fore that the tree is what is called struck i.e., hero that the electricity, failing to find an unobstructed channel to the earth, nae oumulates in masses and gives out shocks which rond the tree. And the same is true of houses whose lightning-conductors stop short of tlhe ground. The professor has also shown that the close neighborhood of a pool of water is a groat attraction to the electric cunrront, and that the electricity often passes down a house or tree till it is near enough to dart straight across to the water; and he thinks that whore possiblo lightning conductors should end in a spring or pool of water. Ho belioeves that light ning descends rather in a shower-through a multitude of vines for instance in the same vineyard-than in a single main stream. It divides itself among all the upper branches of a tree, and is received from hundreds of atmospherio points at once, instead of, as has boon usually supposed, from one. Electricity is a rain, a number of tributaries from a wide surface, not a single torrent, Dr. Chas. Cauvin, chief surgeon of tile French navy, accompanied by Le Comute L. Zamoyski, have(states thle Biverine Herald) paid a visit to thile maloga Mission station on the Murray. They arrived on Thursday, and returned to Melbourne on Friday. The object of the visit on the part of the doctor was to make a critical examination of the blacks, with a view to reportto the minister of public education at Paris, by whom he was entrusted with the study of the Aus tralian aboriginal races, in the cause of science. The count, who is of Polish birth, has also been deputed by the French government to collect all information re specting tlhe resources of the colonies. IHaving arrived some twelve months ago in the French man-of-war Rhin, they have gathered much information, and will ac cordingly report to their government the result of their researches. The Duke of Sutherland has presented to the musemn of thle Royal College of Surgeons the skull of a white whale (delphinapterus leucas) taken alive near Dunrobin, which presents a most remarkable evidence of an old extensive injury and subsequent re covery. This cetacean has been but very rarely observed in the British seas, and there would seem to be but one other re corded instance of one having been caught alive. Thie specimen in questio sl writes the Rev. Dr. Joass of Golspiee close to the salmon-nets near the Little Ferry, about three miles to tlhe westward of Dunrobin, on the 9th of June, 1879. It was cauglht by the tail between two short posts, to which a stay rope of a net was tfstened, and a salmon of 181b. weight, wlhich was supposed to have been the object of its pursuit, was found in front of it. It measured 12½ feet in length. In its efforts to escape it had broltken its back between the thllird and fourth lumber vertebrn, and it had a recent wound on the front of its head nearly five inches long and three broad. It was seen two days before its capture, and a fisherman seeing it approach ing against the ebb tide took it for a ghost. Professor Flower, in exhibiting the prepared skull to the Zoological Society of London. stated .tlhat the skeleton showed that the whale had been a perfectly adult animil, that the atlas had been dislocated off the occipital condyles, and this completely so, and the bones had afterwards become firmly fixed by deposits of non bony matter in such a way as to enormously narrow the aperture for the passage of the spinal cord. There was no appearance whatever of any disease of the bones, and there could be no reasonablo doubt but this dislocation was the result of accident. It is certainly diffi cult to imagine how such an accident could have happened; such a dislocation is often brought about by a fall on one's head, but acquatio animals are not liable to such a catastrophe-oven, thinks Professor Flower, a violent collision of the head against a rock or ship could scarcely have brought it about. It seems marvellous that after such an accident the unfortunate whale could have contrived to pursue and capture living prey. For a time it would almost seem certain its general powers must have been interfered with. After recovery its head was fixed quitA, awry on its body, and this may account for its wandering so far from its natural home, and for the facility for its capture. A case has just occurred in England of an extraordinary nature. A lady, Mrs. Edwards, was refused communion by the vicar of Choeddar on the ground that she had married the brother of her deceased husband. The Bishop of Bath and Wells was appealed to, but he supported the vicar. Ultimately Mir. Edwards, thime lady's husband, appealed to the Archbishop of Canterbury, and his reply is the strangest of all. He is quoted as follows :-" In similar circum stances my advice has been that persons so circumstanced desiring to communicate should go to some church where their history is not known." Mr. Edwards, in a letter, says this advice is somoewhat startling, as it recommends persons so situated to obtain the church sacrament, if not by false protences, at any rate by a concealment of the truth. Sir William HIarcourt was elected for Derby withount opposition. In returning thanks, he said Mr. Plimsoll's conduct was a lesson of public life that would not be forgotton. Although there were various sections of the liberal party, they had all united on this occasion, and Tory opposi tion would have been fruitless. Neverthe less, he aclknowledged the courtesy of his opponents in allowing him to be elected without opposition. Io haId been con gratunlatod upon his election to tihe most liberal constituoncey in England; be had just been called to responsibilities of office, and lie should return to his duties strengthenoted by their confidenceand relying upon their friendship iand support. 