THE BIBLE SOCIETY. The sixtieth, annual meeting of the Tasmanian Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held at the Mechanics' Hall, last night. The attendance was good. The chair was taken by the Hon. W. R. Giblin, Premier, and amongst the others present were a large number of the clergy, including the Revs. Canon Smith, J. Cope, J. Scott, J. Bennett, J. T. Withington, W. C. Robinson, T. McDowell, R. Maclean, and H. Cole. The pro- ceedings were opened with prayer and singing. The Chairman said he was sure that all present would join with him in deploring the absence of the venerable President of this auxiliary branch of the Bible Society, the Rev. Dr. Nicolson, who was unable to be present, on which account he acceded to the request of the committee to supply the vacancy thus occasioned, He felt sure that, meet- ing as they did that night, almost the first thought that would be likely to come into tho minds of any- one accustomed to attend tho annual meetings of this society would be that they were meeting under the shadow of a heavy loss. Every one of them must feel, looking at the platform, that he missed a well- known form - Richard Edward Dear, who had been for many years a faithful officer of this society. He need say no more than this, but only express his hope that this Society would be fortunate enough to secure in his successor a man who would be equally able to do the work, and be regarded with as much love and respect as the late Mr. Dear was held in. Mr. Giblin referred to the report which had just been read at the annual meeting of the society in London, in which the members were congratulated on an equilibrium having been once more restored between the revenue and expenditure of the society, and further, that not only had a great number of copies of Scripture been distributed in France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal, but also, and this had surprised him, in Northern Russia. He expressed his sympathy with the work of the society, that work being the multiplication and distribution of copies of the Word of God. He spoke of the Bible in this way, for whatever speculation might be indulged in in other places, they at least at that meeting had no other opinion than that it was the revelation of the Living God. They showed this by their presence, and whatever the imperfection which might be supposed to cling around that reve- lation through the imperfect medium by which it had been sent to them, they were there to affirm their belief in this book which men called tho Bible. In it the purest truths and the loftiest morality were taught-such lessons that were they but fol- lowed and adhered to the world would be an alto- gether different place to live in. Mr. Giblin spoke eloquently on this point, and especially referred to the way in which the work of the Sunday schools, \- the centenary of which some of them had just been celebrating, had depended upon, and been assisted by such societies as these which aided in the dis- tribution of the Word of God, and enabled them to purchase for a shilling or less what only a few years since had cost large sums of money. Only by the aid of such societies had Sunday schools as they now knew them become possible, and this was in itself, he believed, a great claim that the society had upon the attention of all Christian people. (Ap- plause.) The Acting-Secretary read the annual report as follows : Your committee have more than once during the past year, met together with very solemn feelings, on account of the death of beloved fellow workers in the cause of the Bible Society. The report of last year, written by our late secretary, the Rev. R. E. Dear, closes with a reference to the decease of Mrs. Shoo- bridge, of Bushy Park, and concludes with these earnest words :-" So the workers are called away. May the God of the Bible not only give increased zeal and energy to those who remain, but mercifully raise up others to fill the vacant places of those who have passed away." To this expression of devout longing your committee respond with a hearty amen. After these words were penned, the same hand recorded the death of another early worker, Sir Robert Officer : and the committee passed the following resolution, which was duly forwarded to Lady Officer :-" That this committee, whilst it mourns the loss of one of the oldest friends of the society, desires to record with devout thankfulness to Almighty God the many years vouchsafed to Sir Robert Officer, during which years, both as an early friend and worker for the society, and also as President of the New Norfolk Association, by his sympathy, by his public utterances, and his liberal contributions, he rendered valuable aid to the cause of the Bible Sooiety. Nor can the committee on this occasion refrain from tendering its respectful sorrowing sympathy to Lady Officer and the family under their present bereavement, feeling, however, as these bereaved ones will doubtless feel, how much of the bitter is taken from the cup of sorrow by the remembrance, not only that he, the husband and rela- tive, was spared to a good old age, but that that old age, as well as the manhood's prime, was ever found in the way of righteousness." In her reply, Lady Officer expresses her valuation of the sympathy of the committee, and concludes in these words:-" It is a great comfort to me to know that my dear departed husband held so high a place in the esteem of a body so deservedly respected as the Tas- manian Bible Society, and I will ever cherish the reso- lution which has recorded it." And now the hand that penned that resolution has ceased from work ; the faithful secretary, the sym- pathising friend, leaving us his example and influence, has entered into rest. The committee recorded their appreciation of his labours in the following resolution, a copy of which was sent to Mrs. Dear :-" That the committee of the Tasmanian Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society desire to express their very high appreciation of the services rendered to the society during the post twenty- five years by the Rev. R. E. Dear, who, by his natural gifts, his persever- ance, his loving disposition, and, above all, by his earnest Christian spirit, was eminently fitted for the work which, as secretary, he had to perform. And although deeply sensible of the loss they have sus- tained by the removal of their beloved friend and brother, they cannot but rejoice in the assurance that he has now entered into that rest where weariness and pain are unknown. The committee would take this opportunity of tendering to the mourning widow and family their expressions of very deep and tender sympathy. May the faithful Saviour fulfil towards them His precious promise,'I will not leave you comfortless, I will come to you ;' and give to them the blessed hope of an eternal re-union with the beloved one in heaven." The committee also addressed a letter to the col- lectors and other friends of the society, from which the following extracts are taken :-" The committee appeal to you in the confidence of your continued help and growing devotedness. We have great need of earnestness in the cause if we are to avail ourselves of the opportunities of usefulness with which He is blessing the Bible Society. He is trying the faith of His people, and putting to the proof their earnest- ness and love. The chariot of Divine truth is speeding its way more swiftly than ever through the earth ; God is calling us to keep pace with His marvellous operations. At such a time let not our hands be slack, nor our hearts lukewarm ; and especially so, since God has, in His mysterious providence, been calling away some of the most zealous workers in His cause- Mrs. Shoobridge, Sir Robert Officer, and now the Rev. R. E. Dear. While bowing to His appoint- ments let us bless Him for the example they set, the work they accomplished, and the leward into which they have entered ; let us also devote ourselves afresh to Him, and with renewed vigour carry on the work of the society.- God has placed in our hands this particular work, let us be faithful to the sacred trust, that we, too, may possess the eternal reward." Scarcely, if ever, has it before happened in the history of this auxiliary that matters of a local character should be of so great importance as to claim the first place in the report, but the events above referred to, are of too weighty a nature to be com- pressed into a few closing sentences. The committee take this opportunity of bringing under the notice of the subscribers the comprehensive character of the Bible Society; not only as to the extent of its operations, and the wholly unsectarian basis upon which they are carried on, especially as regards the appointment of agents ; but also in another Important particular, the constitution of the Board of Manage- ment. The list of vice-presidents contains the names of gentlemen belonging to various religious bodies, Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Baptists, Independents, Wesleyans, and other churches. The two Archbishops, and eighteen Bishops of the Established Church of England, are among the vice-presidents, also thirteen Colonial Bishops, including those whose sees are in New Zealand, Queensland, New South Wales, and Mel bourne. In Great Britain and Ireland there were reported last year, 953 auxiliaries, 355 branches, 3,354 associa- tions, making a total of 4,662 ; to these may be added for Europe and the colonies, 103 auxiliaries and 1,189 branches, making a grand total of 5,954. There are in the Australian colonies 22 auxiliaries, embracing 192 branch societies. This Imposing array of illustrious names, and of multiplied agencies, while serving to show tho esteem in which the society is held and the wide-spread confidence it commands, can give no idea of the im portance of the work which the society is accomplishing, Its agencies embrace every enlightened nation of the earth, and many remote and obscure nooks, which, but for the work of the society, would have been still unknown to the civilised world. Some idea may be formed of the extent of the obligation under which the world has been laid to the society in the fact that it issues the Word of God, directly or indirectly, in 230 languages; the number of versions, including the chief revisions, make up 282; to these may be added 26 versions prepared by other societies, making a total of 308\. When the last report was issued the society had in hand no fewer than 56 new translations, or revisions, some of which represented the highest literary ex celle'nce of'northern, southern, and central Europe, while others were for the use of the several nation- alities and tribes of Asia. This class includes Georgia, Syria, Persia, many of the languages of India', China, and Japan.- Then, too, we have its work in the islands of the Pacific, in Africa, and the aborigines of America. All this is new ground, and If, besides all this, we place the older translations, either made by the agents of the Bible Society, or revised by them, we have before us an amount of literary work that is, to say the least of it, overwhelming in its vastness. And of the 308 languages and versions at present issued more than four-fifths of them have been prepared since the beginning of the present century. The total Issues of the society up to last year numbered 85,388,057 ; other Societies, aided by the British and Foreign, have sent out 56,863,601 ; making together, 141,251,658. The energy, the enthusiasm, the religious zeal, or call It what you will, that has accomplished so much, and has for its ultimate object the promulgation of the Divine Word throughout the whole world could not have had its foundation in an idea, and have sacrificed so much for tho realisation of a pet scheme) The feeling that animates the friends of the Bible all the world over, is nothing less than a Divine impulse, and the lame spirit animates the colporteurs and agents who carry on the work. To illustrate this statement, many facts may be adduced, from, the last published report. In no country, perhaps, has there bean a more angry, and Ijsfrminid??, and scornful rejection. of the Bible than in France. The ????? of that important action?? in respect to it, has of late wholly changed. The Bible Society agent, M, Gustave Monod, says :-" A strong wave of anti-clerical feeling is passing over the land, and the result in many places is seen in a new willingness to welcome the Gospel. In the Department of the Creuse, where the population has been known as fanatically Ultramontane, theatres have been opened to evan- gelical pastors and laymen ; halls could scarcely be found large enough to contain tho crowds that flocked to these 'conferences,' and 'in perhaps ten depart- ments a remarkable movement towards Protestantism is now apparent. A series of such meetings has been begun in the Ain by M. Reveilland, a lawyer, a Roman Catholic by birth, but till lately an unbeliever. In a brilliant pamphlet recently published by him, under the title, ' La Question Religieuse et la Solution Protestante,' he makes an earnest appeal to all who are weary of Romish superstition, but fear lest, in abandon- ing it, they should be left without any religious faith. This increased liberty of notion has been thankfully acknowledged by nil who have endeavoured to sow tho good seed of the Kingdom at the Paris Exhibition of last year, and no obstacle of any kind was placed in their way by the officials. " So far from this, " extreme courtesy and indefatigable kindness were displayed by all who had anything to do with carrying out the police orders." By the es- tablishment of a cordon of colporteurs across the grand avenue of the building, M. Monod distributed from 1,500 to 2,500 single gospels daily. Leaflets, as specimens of type, in nine languages, were given away in vast numbers. The success of these endeavours is witnessed to by the fact that before the close of the Exhibition no fewer than 408,380 copies had been dis- posed of, either by sale or gift, and the total distribu- tion for the year 1878 was 533,124, The reason of this is partly accounted for by the fact that there have been added to staff of colporteurs men " inspired by a true missionary spirit." Of the 66 agents employed in regular work, two of them sold more than 6,000 each during the year, one of them 510, and the other 542 copies per month. In a small village where, a year previously, there was not one Protestant, we are in- formed that a great religious movement had taken place. The sales and grants in Belgium amounted to 14,444 ; in Holland, to 40,040 ; and in Germany to 353,786 ; and the receipts £12,048 17s. 6d. The mag- nitude of the printing operations conducted in Ger- many will be seen when it is stated that during the past year no fewer than 427,454 copies of the Scrip- tures have been struck off at Berlin and Cologne, while 227,000 more are now in the press. The work is directed from three centres. In the division of Berlin, where there are nineteen millions of people, the society has since 1856 circulated nearly three millions and a half copies of the Scriptures, that is, in 24 years, one copy to between five and six of the popu- lation, and an average of 140,000 yearly. 'Two millions and three-quarters of copies circulated among eleven millions of population is the result of the society's work in the district of Cologne during a period of 30 years, that is, one copy to every four persons. In Frankfort, with a population of thirteen millions,50,000 copies per annum have been distributed during the last fifty years, the total, two millions and a half. The work of the society in Austria, Poland, Italy, Spain, and Portugal, in the northern countries of Europe, in Russia north and south, affords many incidents of thrilling interest, and full of encourage- ment. These and other items must be reserved for an appendix to the report. The ignorance prevalent in Syria and Palestine, the land of the Bible, presents a very serious impediment to the spread of the Sacred Book ; the extortions of taxation, and consequent poverty and depression, rendering the resident population almost indifferent to efforts made for their intellectual and spiritual benefit, are evils that time only can remove. Education is of very slow growth in the most favourable soil. In Pales- tine, where everything is adverse to progress, whether social or political, educational plans are in danger of being wholly frustrated. Still schools are increasing, and a free expression of opinion, which once would not have been tolerated, is now regarded as a right. The Word has awakened thought. Its circulation, is increasing. Men read and discuss. The light has come. German, British, and American societies are in the field. The Syrian sales were for the last year 1,412, those of Palestine 766. Egypt, too, shows an increase, the total sales of the year being 2,759. On the dark continent, the land of oppression and lawless wrong, the light of truth is shedding its beams. The Bible Society is possessing the land. It puts into the hand of tho missionary the mighty power by which alone Africa shall be made free. She is being directed to Him who is the fountain of life, in whose light she shall see light. In Madagascar the work of the present is truly great, and but for the surpassing wonders of the past would fill us with astonishment. The Bible is the book for the Malagasy. The Rev. J. Parrett's communica- tions are full of interest. He tells us " there is a steady and continuous demand for the Sacred Scriptures," "in the capital and immediate neighbourhood almost every person who can read possesses either a Bible or a Testament, and very often both." In India the circulation of all the Bible Societies for the year was 177,621 copies. Progress is being made with new translations and additions, and the colporteur sales are on the increase. China, too, bears its testimony that the Sacred Scriptures are the book for the human heart, the true hope of the anxious, the guide to peace. Looking at the nations of tho earth, listening to catch the sound of the Divine voice, lifting their hands in their helplessness to the Almighty One for strength, to the loving one for deliverance, we have the solution in the words of Him who made and redeemed us, "Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free." And what have we looked upon as constituting our part of this glorious work?, And how has it been accomplished ? The work is ! world-wide, and should engage the energies of every loyal servant of Christ. We have a network of agencies throughout the colony, but in it there are many gaps which require to be filled up. The strength of the society is visitation, but in the case of thinly-populated districts tho expense would be a heavy percentage upon the subscriptions. Still, it is worthy of considera- tion whether some means might not be adopted for creating an interest in the work of the Society, and for increasing its funds. And not only so ; at the cost of a little trouble in superintendence, facilities might be given for the purchase of Bibles, which the country districts at present do not possess. It is not enough that there is a Bible as a household book, that the several members of the family may read if they choose; every individual member of the household should possess the Sacred Word. God's message is to us individually, a light to the individual mind, an appeal to the individual heart. The sales at the Hobart Town Depot during the year have been 380 Bibles, 99 Testaments, 5 Testaments and Psalms, 16 Psalms, and 11 parts of Scripture; total 511; the grants made by the committee during the same period for Sunday schools and mission services are, 74 Bibles, the value of which is £3 17s. 9d. The sales amounted to £44 ls l0d. The total circulation of the year in Bibles and Testaments, omitting portions, is 558. If we take the contributions of the Cornwall Bible Society in Launceston as the basis upon which to calculate their issues, we may reckon them one-half of our own, that is 278. and the number put into circu- lation by both auxiliaries will amount to 836, to which we may add, say, 164 sold otherwise, and we have a total of issues for the whole colony of just 1,000 in twelve months. And since our population is, say 110,000, it would take, without reckoning any increase of inhabitants, just 110 years to supply every one with a Bible. This is an unanswerable fact. But looked nt from another point of view we see the bright side of the picture. Our increase for some years past gives an average of something less than 1,200 per annum. Allowing for those whose religious creed disallow the reading of the English version of the Scriptures, we arrive at this result, that the Issues of Bibles are a small percentage beyond the increase in the popula- tion. But it must be borne in mind that the chief sales are effected in the two chief centres of population. Your committee, in presenting this report, do so in the fervent hope that more friends may be induced to take up the work, that workers may become more devoted, and that the Word of the Lord may have free course amongst us and be glorified ; that we may thus help to bring on the day when " the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea." The Secretary also read the balance-sheet, which stated that the society had a credit balance of £395. Mr. John McIntyre, barrister-at-law, moved the adoption of the report in a very able address. He said that he should not enlarge upon that portion of it which referred to the late Secretary, as it had already been eloquently and touchingly referred to. It would, of course, be very difficult on this, the sixtieth anniversary of the society, to find 'any- thing very striking or original to say with regard to the constitution of this society, and the magnitude of the work which it accomplished. It seemed to him, however, that one of the great secrets of the success of this society was the wholly unsectarian basis upon which the work was carried out. (Hear, hear. ) And in these days of party strife and dis sension it was certainly refreshing one, at least, common platform upon which Christian men of all denominations could meet and extend to one another the right hand of fellowship. (Cheers.) They had here one common ground for sympathy, and what- ever sectarian divisions and boundary lines there might be that separated party from party, they were for the time being put aside and for- gotten as of comparative unimportance. What- ever their minor diiferences they were for a time merged and extinguished in the one great and glorious work of distributing the word of God without note or comment throughout the whole world, The Bible Society had, it seemed to him, but one question to put to all Christians of all denominations, " Do you believe the Bible to be a revelation from Heaven." If the answer was in the affirmative it mattered not whether a man was High Church, Low Church, Broad Church, Presby terian, Independent, Armenian, or Calvinist, whether they held that infant or adult baptism to be essentials or not - all these questions were, so far as the society and its work were concerned, of com- parative unimportance. If they believed the Bible to be the word of God and that it was able to make men wise unto salvation they could come in and cast in their lot with the members of this society. This was in his opinion a broad, a sound, and a glorious foundation upon which to base such a work as tho society had to do. (Cheers.) That it had such a foundation was the cause of its vitality and its ever increasing strength and progress. (Applause.) When he looked upon the long list of Archbishops and Bishops of his own Church who were stated in the report to be Vice-Presidents of this Society, he was constrained-and he supposed he would get it for what he was going to say-he was constrained to express his regret that so few of the clergy of his own Church were taking part in the meeting, (Applause.) He had often wondered at, and regretted, that it should be so ; and the fact was one it was difficult to find a reason for. He loved the Church of England. He looked upon it as the best of all churches. (Applause and laughter.) No man who did not think so of his own church, was worthy to call himself a member of it. But he could see no reason why the most fanatical churchmen should not look in and wish was a time when Christian men should unite together to distribute the word of God throughout the length and breadth of the world-to send it forth as the inspired word of truth, as that which holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost-now was the time .when it should be done. Christians did not now read their Bibles in the same spirit of unquestioning faith and trust, as their forefathers did. They did not search the Scriptures like the Bereans, though he was not an advocate for a slavish adherence to the mere letter of Scripture, but it seemed to him that the danger was now of going too far in the other and contrary direction. They had only to look at the writings of the leaders of religious thought in the present day to find this out. One told them that the story of the fall which most of them had been taught, and were inclined to treat a literal, was only an allegory. Another, and he was certainly one of the most learned and most godly men of the present day at home, stated that he was compelled to reject the miracles as related in the New Testament-that he could not accept as super- natural the miracles there related to have been per- formed by the Saviour, as it was evident that they could be brought about by purely natural causes. It seemed to him (Mr. Mcintyre) that if they went on at this rate they would soon have very little left, and that plain thinking men, who had neither time, opportunity, nor talent, to think or investigate for themselves, would see this disputing and cavilling amongst theologians, and being un- able to decide what to accept and reject, it would end in their throwing the whole thing overboard, so that they would believe in nothing. Let them look at the unbelief of the pre- sent day, and certainly any one who tried to keep pace with the history of the times must see that a new and very subtle form of unbelief was beginning to take very deep root amongst the educated classes in England. The unbelief of the present day was a very different thing indeed to the un- belief of 40, 50, or 60 years ago. The infidelity of a Paine, with its ribald blasphemies, appealed only to the lower and baser part of our humanity, but the unbelief of the present day is founded upon a lofty and unimpeachable code of morality. Its apostles and preachers are men of irreproachable character, and they preached their Gospel with a sad and terrible earnestness that could leave no doubt as to their sincerity and their knowledge that, they were dealing with bitter realities. For instance, let them look at the "religion of humanity, " which was so fashionable in England, and which had been upheld so ably by Professor Glover, and which George Eliot painted in such glow- ing colours. It was well described in a selection he would read them from an article by David Morison Ross, and it was marvellous the hold the "religion of humanity" was taking upon the educated classes in England. The article said, " The only immortality of which they can hold out a hope to men is, that they may live on by means of their moral and spiritual influence in the lives of those who shall come after them. The amount of this immortality will be in proportion to the importance of the services they have rendered and to the greatness of the memory they have left behind. Men's aim should therefore be 'to live for others now, that they may live in and by others hereafter.' . . . 'The priest, after adding the expression of the regrets of the society to the tears of the family of the person who is dying, is to obtain from him all desirable reparations for any wrongs he may have committed, and is to soothe his last moments by holding out the hope, without absolutely promising, that he will enjoy that immortality in the lives of others which is the final reward of every honour- able career.' That is the only consolation afforded by the religion of Humanity, ' the complete and universal religion,'to the trembling hearts of the bereaved and the dying !" That was the ultimate, final, and only morality promised by the apostles of this religion-a possible chance of living in the ages to come by means of the influence they brought to bear during their short lives on future generations; and surely, if this was the religion of humanity, those who believed in it were of all men the most miserable. But tho worst of it seemed to him to be this -that women were amongst some of the ablest and' most eloquent votaries of this new creed. (Hear, hear.) Of all sad sights to be found in this sad world of ours, the saddest was an unbelieving woman. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe that ever women would as a sex become unbelievers. (Cheers.) He believed it to be opposed to their constitution and nature. But if such a thing ever did come to pass he could only say, "God help the world." Where did they all derive their most enduring lessons of truth,and most lasting religious influences, which should last when all others had passed away ? The most enduring of all were learnt at their mother's knee. (Applause.) Who could tell the Bible stories so sweetly and persuasively as a mother ? And many of those present he would say, with all respect for the clergy, had learnt more in that "way than in all the sermons that had been preached to them. (Cheers and laughter.) They had only got to imagine all this blotted out-that all those touching matters which mothers had been in the habit of handing down from generation to generation were to be put away as false and un true, and instead of them commence to teach the children this new religion of humanity-that there was no good-no good that was as they now understood it-and then let them think what a great moral darkness would cover the face of the earth. He would now give them an extract on this subject from a sermon by the Rev. T. Teignmouth Shore, who said:-"Brethren, judge ye as wise men what I say. God forbid that I should dare to speak in any tone of self-satisfied superiority, or with any word of scornful disdain of those men of irreproachable sincerity, and of lofty mind, who preach the eternity and omnipotence of Matter. But I do say, in deep disappointment and in profound sorrow-as one of those who know what it is to stand beside sad death-beds, and amid sadder lives-that we had fondly dared to hope that the splendid intellects with which God has endowed our race might have been found flashing their lights from many a lofty promontory of thought through the dense clouds that hang over life's storm-swept sea-lights to guide many a weary, struggling barque to a haven of safety and of rest. But, we have been deceived. They are only wreckcrs' lights after all ! And perhaps when the great morning dawns, those who have held them aloft as beacons will look with larger, sadder eyes on the coast beneath them, strewn with the ghastly robes of hopes that they have shattered, and of faiths that they have ship- wrecked." . . . " It is not materialistic sneers, I say, or cold calculating theories, that will kindle the faith of men so that mighty works shall be done in our midst. The only thing to do so is personal devotion to a personal Christ. All mere moral schemes, all merely beautiful theories, have ever and utterly failed. If men will tear down a cruci- fied Christ from its central place in the worship of Christendom, and instal a cold marble-like statue of Morality in its place, then will perish for ever all the best and brightest hopes of Humanity." The best and only antidote, in his (Mr. Mcintyre's) opinion, for the carelessness and unbelief that was spreading, it might be throughout the world, was this personal devotion to a personal Christ-the Christ that was revealed in the scriptures-not the Christ of this church or of that, or of this sect or of that denomination, but that Christ who was revealed in the Sacred Scriptures, which it was the aim and object of this society to send throughout the world, (Long continued applause.) The Rev. T. McDowell seconded the motion, referring to the fact that the Church of England clergy were as well represented at the meeting as the other denominations, and that further, the Church was well supported by the layman who had just resumed his seat. If any union of Chris- tendom was to be brought about, he believed it must be on some such basis as this. The Bible need not fear the assaults of sceptics. It had gone through its fiercest trials, and especially in missions to the heathen did it triumph over more modem creeds. The reverend gentleman spoke at length on this point, contending that Christians need have no fear for the final issue, and that the Bible would stand of itself. The motion was carried. The Rev. J. Scott moved -"That this meeting, while feeling deeply the loss which this auxiliary of the Bible- Society has, during the past year, sustained in the removal, by death, of Sir Robert Officer, one of the earliest friends of the society, and of the Rev. R E. Dear, who, for 25 years, was its devoted secretary, would thank God for the assurance that these faithful men have been called to a higher and nobler service ; this meeting would, moreover, in view of these losses, express the hope that the friends of the society would prosecute the work of the present year with greater and a more earnest and prayerful resolve to help to secure tho great end for which the Bible Society was instituted." The motion was seconded by Lieut-Colonel Angelo, and supported by the Rev. Canon Smith, and carried. Rev. J. T. Withington moved:- "That this meeting acknowledges with devout thankfulness the help of Almighty God in the wonderful success which is attending the operations of the British and Foreign Bible Society throughout the world, and also of kindred societies, and desires to take part in the glorious work ; still, it cannot but feel that the supply of the Word of God to the thinly-popu- lated districts of this colony should be the first care of the committee, and have a first claim upon the funds, and recommends this special work to the attention of the following gentlemen, whom, with power to add to their number, they appoint as the committee for the following year." The Secretary explained that the officers of the branch remained the same, with the exception that he himself had been asked to act as secretary for the time, and that the following names wore placed on the committed-Rev. T. McDowell, Rev. J. Nisbett, Mr. Sandford Soott. Rev. J. Nisbett seconded the motion, which was oarried. Mr. Sandford Scott proposed, and Captain Fisher seconded :-"That the thanks of this meeting be given to the President, and the officers, and the committees of the past year; also to the collectors for the services they have rendered to the society." The motion was agreed to. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was carríed by acclamation, and was duly acknowledged. The Doxology and Benediction ???? the meeting. A ijIÍibI» fmNwM^jaié a«»M»i »» »W 7* ??? 