THE AMERICAN ELECTION. Six months ago it seemed almost certain that in due time General Grant would be the President-elect of the United States. He represents the principles which are most strongly held by his party, and was ? supposed to be the only man who had* any chance of support in the South. When the National Republican Convention met, it was found that the party was hopelessly divided on the 'third term;' and as the supporters of General Grant cherished the bitterest antagonism to their leading opponents on this question an outsider received the honour of the nomination. Hence it will be seen that General Gar field's candidature is wholly due to party exigencies. The same party spirit that led to his nomination Las governed the subsequent campaign, and the election is not so much a victory of Garfield over Hancock as of the Republicans over the Democrats. Of the fact of his election there need not be any doubt Four years ago the votes were bo evenly balanced as to encourage disputes and invite trickery, and after all the fraudulent manipu lation of the returns President Hayes had only one vote over his competitor. There is no chance of this embroglio occurring this time, for, as we mentioned the other day, the only hope of the Demo crats lay in their carrying Hew York. This they have failed to do, and it is extremely probable that the whole of the 'doubtful States' have gone in the same way, seeing that similar influences operate in all of them. Should this be the case, and the Democrats have only the Southern States on their side, General Garfield will have 231 votes out of 369\. There may be some modification to be made in this result, and the tele grams we publish this morning indicate that such will be the case ; but the ma jority the Republicans have secured by winning Kew York, with its large contin gent of 35 votes, may be regarded a3 precluding further controversy. We have mentioned that the contest has been one of parties rather than persons. Both candidates have deserved well of their country, and given fair proof oi their ability for high office. General Hancock is a soldier by profession, and during the Civil War was a strong and sturdy champion of the Union. His share in suppressing the rebellion has apparently been forgiven by the Secessionists, and their goodwill was the more easily secured because of the generou3 manner in which, they were treated by General Hancock during the troublesome period of reconstruction. His famous military order when he was made Com mander of Louisiana and Texaa has been gratefully preserved on account of the broad and liberal spirit it displayed. It recognised the civil rights of all parties, and the subordination of the military to the civil power in a manner which was. unusual in those day 3 of soldierly ardour, and won for the General the unqualified admiration of the Southerners with whom he had to deal The high character and distinguished ability he exhibited then have been fully maintained ; they had their reward in his nomination, and even his opponent admits his personal qualifications for the Presidency. Mr. Garfield, though also entitled ' General,' is a civilian, and the preservation of Ms title is due to the well-known American weakness for such designations. He won it ori ginally by effective service during the Civil War, and it is only fair that in this way the memory of his ' gallantry and meritorious conduct' should be preserved. In many respects he reminds one irre sistibly of his predecessor, Abraham Lincoln. Like . the famous rail splitter, he is entirely a self-made man, having begun life on the lowest rounds ef the ladder. He. descends from the Puritan stock to which America owes so much, and has inherited much of their resolute and energetic character. His early life was one of monotonous and severe toil ; but his thirst for education and natural ability in due time produced their legitimate results. From farmboy and carpenter's apprentice he became a boatman, and combined the most rigid economy with hard Tpartnai labour, that he might obtain the means of gratifying his intellectual ambition. Though his Btudent life began somewhat late, the severe discipline that had preceded it impelled him to make the most of his time, and his intense application brought its own reward. Thenceforward bis progress was rapid. Having won academical distinction and considerable fame as a lawyer, his entrance on a political career was followed by a series of s accesses. It is said that bis oratorical ability was developed by pulpit exercise, and it is certain that both in the State and the National Legislature he became recog nised as one of the men who are born to rule others and are qualified to lead. Such is the man who has been chosen to wield the influence of a President of the United; States for the next four years. Bo far as he is personally concerned, the country ia to be congratulated on its choice, and all the more so that such men as Lincoln and Garfield are producible from the humblest ranks of its labouring class. The contest, however, wehrs another aspect, and in so far as it is a victory of the Republicans over the Democrats it is not a matter for unmixed satisfaction. The ' platforms' of the respective parties as developed at Chicago and Cincinnati closely resemble each other on many and on what seem to observers elsewhere the most important, points of .'national policy. Bothadhere strongly to Republican institu tions, to universal suffrage, to the promotion of education, and, are agreed on other matters of vital consequence. The slavery question is at an end, the quarrel about repudiation is either dropped or suspended, and it seems as though there were com paratively little to keep - alive partisan hostility beyond the common eagerness for power, with its accompanying emoluments. There are, however, two questions, the one affecting the internal and the other the external policy of the nation, on which the great parties of the Republic are very decidedly opposed to each other. The tendency of the Democrats is towards decentralization. Before the war of secession began the sovereign rights of individual Ibtates was a doctrine widely preached and strongly held. There is not now the same occasion for pro claiming it in its wider and more practical character, but it is nevertheless one of those fundamental principles that under lie general policy. Nor is it allowed to lie altogether dormant A plank in ? the Cincinnati platform was ' Opposition to centralizationism and to that dangerous spirit of encroachment which tends to consolidate the powers of all the depart ments in one, and thus to create, what ever be the form of government, a real despotism.' To genuine Republi cans, using the word in its true rather ' than its technical signification, there is something captivating in this. The idea of freedom from control by a central government, so that each community may do as it likes, has a measure of fascina tion. Yet it is evident that this embodies and promotes certain disintegration in the end, and that the prevalence of the views thus inculcated must induce national weakness. The Republicans, so called, are also Federalists, and, while respecting State rights, hold that the wel fare of the nation is supreme, and when the interests of any State conflict with the general good its rights may be overruled. Having regard to the stability and progress of the Union, there is reason to believe that the peril J-r ought vividly into view by the war of secession must recede much further into the back ground before a centralizing policy will be reversed, and it is perhaps as well that it should be so. The other question is purely fiscal. The Republican platform is openly and avowedly Protectionist, while that of the Democrats has a decided leaning towards free trade. It is true the plank of the latter which specifies a tariff only for revenue purposes is not perfectly firm and well defined. No doubt it was intended to be loose, bo that in the event of success compromises might be all the easier, but it nevertheless left the way open for material alteration in the commercial relations of America with foreign countries. Such alterations are ereatly dreaded by the artisans of the Eastern States, but other countries would welcome them gladly, and the nation as a whole would be the gainer before long. General Garfield'a election, however, renders these change'3 hopeles3 during his administration, and the viciou3 policy of protecting native industries by a prohibi tive import tariff will doubtless be main tained in its integrity. The Commercial Bank. — At the half yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Commercial liank, which wa3 held yester day, there was a good deal of plain speak ing, and the position of the Directors waa not ?unlike that of the members of a Ministry when the Treasurer has to an nounce a deficit or to submit proposals for increased taxation. The circum stances were emphatically such as to give rise to an enquiring turn of mind among those who were present One or two amendments to the motion for Hie adoption of the report were moved, but these were, correctly no doubt, but still conveniently, ruled out of order by the Chairman. Ultimately the report was adopted by a considerable majority, and a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, who, in replying, said ' he had no ieason to complain of the manner in which the shareholders had received the statement of the Directors.' Tha general position and prospects of tho Bank appear to be generally favourable, notwithstanding the sore discouragement which the heavy losses sustained during tbe hut half-year are calculated to produce. How far the blame for those Jowes lies with the late Manager,, and how far it belongs to the Directors, the outside public are hardly in a position to judge. It will be noted that in one or two material points the statements of the late Manager and those of the Chairman are entirely at variance. It is hardly possible, however, to resist the conclusion that the Directors have not had a suffi ciently dear idea of the responsibilities of their position, and have not adequately asserted their authority, which ia of course supreme, and to that extent at least they are open to censure. This inference ia a fair one from the state ment of the Chairman that a system had now been adopted which would prevent in the future the possibility of such losses being again made. Of course a new Bank has always special difficulties to encounter, and the greatest care and judgment are necessaty to steer clear of complications. Nothing is to be gained, and the most aeriou* results may follow from attempting to work too economically on the one hand, and without a scrupulous regard to strict business principles on the other.. It 10 very likely to have discontented cus tomers from the older Banks, and it can hardly afford to be so independent as institutions which have had time to secure a firm footing. On the other hand, 'tho shareholders expect the operations to show a considerable profit, and if untoward circumstances arise they are not likely, to be lightly passed over by those who are looking forward to the receipt of a divi dend. The Commercial Bank shareholder* bare unquestionably reason to complain of the losses which have been incurred — losses which led to the resignation of the Late Mfttingftr ? a man who in commercial circles has always been held in high eateem —and caused the Directors no small amount of uneasiness, because they must, have Foreseen that their own judgment and business capacity would bo seriously sailed in question. There is no reason to suppose that they have acted other wise than with the best intention ; 'and the unpleasant ordeal through which they had to pass yesterday will, we may assume, make them doubly careful in the future to guard against a repetition of the ex periences of the last half-year. Coksols ax Par. — The announcement in our telegraphic column that Consols aro it par is not likely to excite much atten tion amongst the majority of our readers, to whom the ways of the stock market are » mystery which they do not even care to 9olve. And yet the fact thus chronicled is one of surpassing interest to the finan :ial world. A quarter of a century and more has elapsed since a similar event oc curred, and the instances are rare in which the Three per Cents in the course' of the incessant fluctuations in value to which they are subjected .have stood it so high a figure. History records that as far back as June, 1737, the pricg rose to £107 ; but this was under ex ceptional circumstances. It was not long before it sank as low aa £76, and although in 1749 it again touched £100 it was but momentarily. During the next twenty-five years Consols experienced many ops and downs, and finally towards the close of the war with America they fell to i'34. Even this rate, however, reduced as it was, does not represent the lowest depth in the fluctuations of the market, for in September, 1797, the quotations stood at £47$. Since then the mother country has passed through many troubles, and has been menaced by dangers of the most formidable character, but the na tional credit has never descended to such grievous depths. Coming to more modern times, we find that in 1844 Con sols were saleable at three-eighths above par. It was not for long, however, and nine years elapsed before a like level was reached. Almost on the eve of the Crimean War the Three per Cents rose to £101 ; but before the year was out they had receded to £90§, and during the succeeding twelve months tho price fellas low as £85|. The twenty-seven years that have elapsed since ? 1853 have not until now witnessed an advance .ox Consols to £100, and it is easy to understand what a sensation will be caused in the London Stock Exchange by the unwonted circumstance that has now to be noted. When we come to examine the causes of the present Btate of the market we find in them occasion for mingled gratification and con cern. It is highly gratifying to know that in the opinion of financial authorities the state of things at home and the prospects of tranquillity abroad aro such as to justify exceptional confidence. Furthermore, it is pleasing to note that the last traces of the terrible strain upon the monetary resources of the country which existed some three years ago have been effectually removed. On the other hand, the rise in the price of. Consols, and of) colonial . securities too, bespeaks an absence of opportunity for investment, or of disposition to invest in business or in the industries of the country, which may well give' riBe to some anxiety. One obvious conclusion to ' be drawn from the present state ef affairs financial at home is that the price of money here is BtUl disproportionately high. If capitalists can' be found in the mother country willing to pay par for Consols yielding only 3 per cent interest, and more than par for South Australian bonds producing 4 per cent interest, and if the rate of discount for bills is only 1$ per cent, Burely the current rates of interest and discount in the colony must be much in excess of what they ahould be. In thus emphasizing the tidings which have reached us we trust that the fall significance of the announcement will not be lost upon those who have command of capital in South Australia* '? Thb Hoxbwabd Mail.— The B.M.S. Hydwpes reached Albany yesterday at noon. Border Ddttes Cohfeeehcb. — It dm been arranged that either the Chief Secretary or tha Treasurer, with Mr. G. 8. Fowler, MP, dull represent the colony at the Oonferenoa to be held this month, in Melbourne, with reference to the Border duties. The Dipitte beiivekx TraKBT ihd Games. — It would appear from a telegram which we- publish this morning that the Great Power* have advised Greece to accept a amallar con cession of territory thaa that assigned to her at the Eerlin Conftreure. It will be remembered that tbe line of demarcation then agreed to by the Towers was as follows :— 'The frontier line will follow the valley of tho Kalamas from the mouth of that river, in th-! Ionian Sea, to its source in the m-lghhourbood of Ktlb»ki. It will procted to tbs uorth of the Vonitzvthe HaliaemoD, and tbe Mivroueri and their tribu tarily, and to the south of the Kalsmu, the L&rt;», the AnpropotamoR, and the Halatcyrias aDd their tributaries, over tha Olympus, the crtst of wLich it will follow &» far as its eastern extremity on the.Ejjean Sea. This lice leaves to the south the Lake of Jauina and t!l its uUiueota, atd also llelzovo, which thua rt maina in the pos-Maiou of Grew v.' No reply b«» yet been received from the Greek Govern ittnt of the view tht-y take of the mitto. Thb l»bfj.revcr Co-cut.— In consequence of tfit Tu^d&y; being tLt! auciUersary of the I'rince of Weles'a Birthday, the Iusolvency' Court, which dually sits on Taeudayi-, wm held on Thursday, November 4, when two fir«t hearings weredispose.l of. Bale of Oitt Peopebtt. — Messrs. OonigraTa and Colliaon repcrt having gold part of Town Acres 770 uA 7 £2, with nixiccu Xuax-r(M-uu»4 houses thereon, for £5,080. Thb Oomomciix Bunc— The half-yearly meeting of the shareholder of the Commercial Bank wu held in the Banking-house, King William-street, on Thursday, November 4, Tfcts report having been read, the Chairman (Hon. E. A. Tarlton) m«de a lengthy speech with reference to the losses sustained by the Bank through the | overdraft allowed to the insolvent De Young. ! He defended the Directors, and stated that the j losses had resulted entirely from the fact that the late manager, Mr. O'Halloran, had net laid | a true statement of De Yocng's account, before : the Board. Archdeiecn Farr then read t state- i ment of Mr. O'Halloran, bo the effect that all ! overdraft acconnta were submitted to tha I Directors once a month, and he had received no j instruction regarding De Young's acocent, nor ' was he ewer told to reduce it. Having resolved to limit theaccountoc November 11 he reducedit £7,000. On the following morning bs was sent to Narracoorte, and on bia return te foand the overdraft had increased to £10,(»e. He took the first opportunity of seeing De Young, and insisted that he should pay oil £6,000 by pro missory-notes of £3,000 each at two or three months' date, but before they could be met De Young became insolvent. A long discussion then ensued, and several speakers expressed their strong convictions that, the Directors had Deglecred their duties in not looking thoroughly after the overdraft accounts. The repors was ultimately adopted, and the meeting terminated shortly afterwards. V.R.C. Spewg Mehtuco.— The third day's racing took place at Flemington on Thursday. The South Australian representative — Sarchedon —got to within a head of Sir Peter in the Hardies ; Progress won the Royal Park Stakes, Welcome Jack -the Fljing Stake*, The Pontiff the Spring Handicap, Sapphire the Oaks, and Soothsayer the Veteran Stakes. WnxocHEA RtiLWAT Statioj*. — Some time ?go a memorial waa presented to the Commis sioner of Public Works, asking that the site of the proposed Kail way Station at Willochra on the Great Northern line might be altered. A reply baa now been sent to Mr. P. B. Ooglin, MJ*^ stating that as the worhs at the station fixed on by the Government have now been com pleted the department is unable to alter the site, especially as it was decided on after careful consideration. Boads at Yaifiaheie.— Mr. P. B. Ooglin, MJ?., has been informed by the Public Works Department, with reference to a memorial pre sented from settlers in the Hundred of Yan yarrie, asking that certain roads might be re paired, that Mr. Irvine'! report on the subject has been received, but that no action can be taken in it till the return of the Commissioner of Public Works from Melbourne. 8ovcth-Ea8thek Expsrihejctix Farm. — The resort of the Overseer states that the crops at the farm at Millicent South are looking healthy, thongk tha early-sown is rather thin in some places. The oats and the late-sown wheat have the best and healthiest appearance of any crops there have been on the farm, and the grasses are also looking well. The rainfall during October was 2*515. The highest temperature waa 70°, the lowest 64°, and the average 66°. Thb Adelaide Oitt Mission.— The Committee of the Adelaide City Mission met on Thursday afternoon, November 4, in the Flinders-street Presbyterian Vestry. There were present— Ine Eevs. O. H. Goldsmith (in the chair), J. Lyall, M. J. Birks, and Messrs. Smith, Sfceele, Pearson, Green, Orase, Stace, and Knox. Mr. Knox reported that the Mission Sunday-school was badly in need of several male teachers. The necessary amount for the children's treat was voted. Trie Entertainment Committee reported that arrangements were being made for an entertainment by which it was expected to realize a sufficient sum to meet the deficiency on the last series of lectures aad concerts. The Treasurer stated that the account was overdrawn to the amount of £130 7s. 3d. Extracts were read from the journals of the missionaries. EMBHZzuaaarr.— Louis J. Wilson, the Clerk of the District Council of Mudla Wirra South. waa arrested at Port Adelaide on Wednesday evening, on the arrival of the steamer Aldinga from Melbourne, on a charge of embezzling moneys the property of the Council. He was brought before the Police Magistrate, Gawler, yesterday, and subsequently committed to take his trial at the Supreme Court Sittings, bail being allowed, himself la £100, and two others in £100 each. We understand that Wilson returned to the colony of his own free] will. Umbi Corporation — The election for the vacancy in the Goodwood Ward of the Unley municipality was held at the Goodwood Park Hotel on Thursday, Councillor Evans acting as Returning Officer. The following is the re sult of the poll:— W. Bishop, 81; G. W. Eatswell, 17 ; informal, 10 ; being a very large majority in favour of Mr. Bishop. Theatbb Royal.— The opera Jjf 'DerFrei- schntz' was repeated at the Theatre'Royal on Thursday evening before a not over-large audience. The performers filled their parts most ably, the singing of Madame Bose Hersee, Miss Elaa May, and Mr. Beaumont being specially admired. To-night the ' Bohemian Girl' will be again played. KmuwQTOH Football Cum.— Tha first annual dinner in connection with the Kensing ton Football Club took place in the Norwood Town Hall en Thursday evening, November 4. There was a large gathering, and the local Mayor (Mr. D. Packham, J.P. ) presided. The usual loyal toasts having been duly honoured, Mr. A- Lucas proposed the toast of ' The Mayor and Councillors of Kensington and Norwood,' to which the Chairman and Councillor Threl fall responded. Mr Hiram W. Varley then proposed 'The South Australian Football Association,' and Mr. Stiffe, formerly of the Geelong Club, responded. The toast of 'The Kensington Football Club' was eulogistically proposed by the Chairman, who said that from his personal observations he believed there was not a dab in the colony superior for running and kicking. Mr. Phillips having responded, Mr. Sydney Bleechmore pro posed 'The Premier and Kindred Football Clubs.' He said there could be no doubt that ' the Norwoods* was the premier club. They had done a great deal to advance the game here, and the team could now compare very favourably with the Melboornes, although he was sorry to say that the latter could still beat them. Mr. George Dean, on behalf of the Kensingtons, and Mr. J. B. Woods, for the Norwoods, responded. Mr. Peter Wood proposed 'The Kensing ton Cricket Club,' and Mr. J. Hardy, one of the largest scorers, responded. Other toasts followed, and the proceedings were varied with songs and recitations. The speeches were remarkably brief, and the affair was of the most convivial description. We understand that the Kensingtons have in the Association matches won 4, drawn 3, and lost 4 matches, kicked 15 goals and had 14 kicked against them, and stand fourth on the list. In outside matches they have kicked 31 goals and had only one kicked against them. Tbi Asqas Max.— Within the last few days * Company has been formed, and the whole of the shares (£10 each) taken up, for the purpose of purchasing the Angas Mill, Stratbalbyn. Oar correspondent understands that everything in the establishment is to be pat in thorough order, so that there is now, alter several years' stoppage, a probability of the mill starting work again ere long. ? Rscbived.— Truth and Progress for Novem ber. Tub Botal Cboww Mnrcca Compact, Hbath cotb — The Manager reports for the past week as follows : — 'Crushed 22 tons for 26OZ.17 dwts. of retorted gold. Contract has been let for siDking shaft to a further depth of about 60 or 70 feet, at £4 15s. per foot. The sinking will commence forthwith. Machinery working well.' Theatrical Bscitaub ts thb Cocstbt. — Wa understand that Mr. Allison, of the Theatre Koyal, baa engaged Mr. B. Fairclough to give a series of dramatic recitals in the country districts at an early date. Vitai Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ending Saturday, October 30, were:— Biiths— 123 males, 125 females; deaths — 45 males, 42 females. Total— 248 births, SO deaths. Excess of births, 158\. The District of Adelaide — Births— 37 males, 40 females. Death* — 13 miles, 12 females. Total— 77 births, 25 deaths. Excess of births, 52. Lictcbb os Octpost Dm.— Captain Fer guson, D.A.A.G., will deliver his lecture oa Outpost Duty to-night at the Grote- street Model School. Thb Adhlaxdh Ujtith^sttt.— The Beghtrar of the Adelaide University announces that to day will be the last upon which entries will be received for the approaching primary tx*''nit- tions. - . Teh Kbttbk TxratM — The great pianist Ketten has been satirized in Melbourne, and now he is being caricatured here. It is the f&te; of all celebrated men to be either praiaed or persecuted, and even both. We have been shown a photograph of a dare* little penand ink caricature of Ketten in the historical Hessian boots and spurs, standing in mournful contemplation, suggestive of ' woe within,' and the attitude of the figure is his to the life. The artist is 'Penatone,' and the drawing is very skilfully done. The sketch is in the style of fhe picture pnzzlfs so popular now. Babe of Nhw South Walks.— From the baance -sheet of this BankiBg Institution we gather that the net profits for the six months ending September 30 reached the large sum of £93,020 3s. 8d., which with the undivided balance of £3,003 7e. 10d., brought over from the previous half-year, makes a total ot £95,023 11s. 6d., which the Directors recommend should be appropriated as follows:— Dividend at the rate ; of 15 percent, per annum, £75,000; bonus at the j rate ot fij per cent, per annum, £12,500; aug- ; mentation of the .Reserve Fand, £5,000; balance I carried forward, £2£23 lls. 6d. With this last i appropriation the beserve Fund will staad at ! £495*900. The Bank has £541,093 15s. invested j in Government securities, and the varioaa i premises belonging to the institution are valued j at £320,103 3a. 5d. ! THE STRIKES. — We understand that the con- tractors for the first section of the Nairne Railway still keep a firm position, and the men also show no signs of yielding. Many of the men have already left the Belair camp, and state that they have no intention of returning in any case. Others still remain about the works, and seem confident of an ultimate turn in their favour. The contractors have given the men notice that they will be required to remove their tents and belongings from the works by Friday night. There is a rumour that a suggestion has been made to settle the matter by arbitra- tion as the fairest way out of the deadlock. The Hallett strike still continues. The Govern- ment are firm, and a number of the men have left the works. If arbitration is resorted to in connection with the Nairne Railway strike, it is probable that the Government will consent to the same system of settlement with regard to the strike on the Hallett and Terowie line. Mklbochhb Iktbecolojoii, Befu Match.— By an advertisement in another column com petitors who have sot fired their second trials for places in the team of fifteen for the above match are notified that they will be able to do so on Saturday at Fulham. Major Blackham, commanding the Bendigo Ki2e Corps, has sent a letter to the Secretary of the S.A. National Eille Association requesting that during; the visit of our rifle representatives to Victoria ths team might pay a visit to Sandhurst and fire a ] friendly match against the Bendigo BUIe Cerps. It may as well be mentioned that owing to the fact that no representatives from other colonies have accepted the inviUtioa to visit Victoria and fire in the international rifle contest, the match will in future be called the Intercolonial Match. Pobt Corporation— The penultimate meeting of the present Town Council of Port Adelaide took place on Thursday, November 4, and the Town Surveyor submitted his annual report, showing that an unusually large amount cf work had been done. The assessment for the ensning year showed an improvement of £8,105 10s. on the rateable value of the town. The Government have decided not to delay the matter of removing the workshops to Islington, a proceeding which the Council protested against as hasty. The next step in the agitation will probably be a public meeting in the Town Hall. Mabikb Boahd.— This body held its usual weekly meeting on Thursday, November 4. A circular despatch was read from the Colonial Office concerning arrangements which had been made for the relief of distressed colonial seamen shipwrecked in the United Kingdom. The President, replying to Captain Smith, said he had inspected the deck cargo of the brig Loch Maw, and considered the vessel unsafe to go to sea. To show that the Board felt some interest in the matter, though they were powerless in it, he had instructed Captain luglis to write to the master, pointing out the grounds upon which they considered her unfit to proceed to sea. The Commissioner of Police informed the Board that his officers could only assist the captain in removing passengers who were on boird in excess of the number allowed by a vessel's cer tificate, and that any farther action on their part would be beyond their powers. A short discussion occurred on the Spencer's Gulf Lighthouse, when it appeared that Plank Point was the most popular site for the structure, but no resolution will be made pending further in formation to arrive. Bctchebs' Picnic. — The first annual pienio of the Butchers' Society was held ou Thursday on the grounds of the Hon. John Crozier, M.L.O, at Oaklands. About 2,000 people were present, and a programme of athletic sports was gone through. Public Schools Flobax Societt. — The annual Floricultural and Industrial Bihibition in connection with this Society is to be held in the Town Hall this afternoon. A large number of exhibits have been received from all parts of the colony, and the Show promises to be very attractive. It is under the patronage of the Minister of Education, and will be opened at 1 o'clock this afternoon by Miss King. It will be remembered that the Show held last year was a marvellous success, and every care is being taken to make it still more successful this time. In the evening a concert is to be given in the Town Hall by the pupils attending the Grote-street Model School, and a choir of 200 voices from this gcbool will sing some of the favourite pieces from the ' Flower Queen' and other part-songs. The choir will be under the leadership ot Mr. Clark, the master of the school, and Mr. W. R. Knox will preside at the organ. NEW AUCTION MART. — Mr. F. J. Botting, so well known for many years in connection with the firm of Townsend, Botting, & Co., having recently dissolved partnership, has fitted up a commodious auction mart under the Old Ex change, King William-street, and on Thursday, November 4, held his opening sale. There was a large attendance of old customers and friends. The "Glorious vintage of Champagne," con- sidered so necessary an ingredient in the com- pletion of|initiatory ceremonies of certain kinds, having been liberally distributed, bumpers were drunk to the success of the new enterprise. Mr. Wm. Whyte proposed "Success to the New Firm" and Mr. Botting, in responding, re- ferred to the number of old friends and customers he saw assembled, and ex- pressed a hope that he would receive a share of their attention if they considered him entitled to be entrusted with their com- mercial interests. He had been many years in the business, and had made numbers of friends, and be hoped few enemies. He had always endeavoured to conduct his business opera- tions upon the principles of probity and honour, consulting the interests of buyers as much as sellers. (Hear, hear.) It was his opinion that an auctioneer should protect the interests of buyers just as much as he did those of sellers. (Hear, hear.) He felt confident, from the increasing commercial pro- sperity and importance of South Australia, that there was plenty of room for the new firm and for his late partner, Mr. Townsend. He spoke in high terms of Mr. Townsend, and alluded to the old fellowship which existed between the members of the late firm of Towcsend, Botting, & Co. He wished Messrs. Townsend & Son every success, and proposed the health of that firm. He also proposed "Success to the Trading Community of South Australia," coupling with it the name of Mr. T. Graves, who he said had put 'into his hands many years ago the first cargo of sugar brought to South Aus- tralia. Mr. Graves responded, and congratulated Mr. Botting on his prospects of success. He referred to Mr. Botting's successful career during twenty-six years, and spoke of his strict integrity and business capa- city. The sale was then proceeded with. Mr. Botting is joined by his son-in-law, Mr. G. E. C. Stevens, who has for some years held responsible positions in H.M. Customs, and has retired from the service with high testimonials. Wbsxbtam FoKBKMf Missions. — On Sunday, October 31, the annual services in connection with the above missions took place in the Weilejan Church, Brompton. The Bev. Benjamin Chapman (deputation from Sydney) preached an eloquent sermon in the morning. There was a large congregation. In the after noon Mr. Chapman addressed the Sunday-school scholars ; and in the evening a very large repre sentative congregation was present in the church to hear Mr. Gow Jukififar, a native evangelist from Central Africa. A pleasing innovation was carried out by the preacher daring his address, when alluding to the effect of music on the natives, by requesting the congregation to join in the refrain of a popular hymn. Mr. Jakififar, who possesses a very pleasiiig voice, sang the verse. The effect was striking. On Wednetday even ing, November 3, the annual public meeting took place in the church, which was well attended. Mr. James Harry presided. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. B. M. Hunter, O. H. Goldsmith, Benjamin Chapman, and the native evangelist The latter alluded to his love of Bowers, and remarked that in the several capitals he had visited he had cot observed such beauty, symmetry, and taste displayed in the public gardens as he observed in the Botanic Garden under the charge of Dr. Schombnrgk. A local committee was appointed for the ensuing year. The choir sscg several choice anthems darin? the evenirg. Mi«a Hamence presided at the organ. Tie total collections exceeded £13. I ADEIAII-a EEXEVOLEfT ASD STBA5GEK3' i Fsiesd SoctzrT.— The committee of this Society held its usual monthly meeting ca Tuesday,' November 2, at ths Church Office, ! Hon. J. GoZtcn in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £8 5s. lOd. The sum voted to relieve the various eases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the past month, amounted to £11 9s. 6d., being to relieve thirty cases. Each member of the committee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases cf enwrvewy dsrirg the en;ai.'g month. WsacEAaa Disco ykbkd ok Mtddlbto* Bhach. — We this morning publish telegraphic intelli gence of a very grave nature from Port Elliot, which is calculated to engender fears that a very serious wreck has lately occurred within a short distance of our southern coast. Mr. Robert Wallace while walking along the Middleton beach yesterday afternoon foand it covered with timber for at least five miles towards the Murray, month. Some of the pieces were over forty feet locg, and one large block was eighteen inches through. It was thought that the wreckage might poesibly belong to the cutter Prima Donna, which has been mining for a long time, acd the idea is to a certain extent acquiesced j in by Trooper Brace, who has made & harried i examination of the dibrit on the beach ; never- j thelers it scarcely seems possible that eo small j a craft as the Prima Donna would be loadsd j with timber of the size before mentioned, or i with a quantity of sawn American deals. Some j slight signs of the casualty were noticed on Sunday last by Mr. W. Phillipa, but at the time be took very little notice of the circumstance. On some painted timber Mr. Wallace noted the letters !*W. J. Gon Gandy,' and others not decipherable, but we have not been able to find the name of any vessel in the registers which would answer to any of these. Conse quently up to the present moment it is quite conjectural as to what vessel the wreckage may belong to. In the meantime an examination of the material thrown np on the beach may afford seme clue to the vessel's name. FLORAL AND ART EXHIBITION. — The second annual Floral and Art Exhibition in con nection with the Sunday-school of All Saints' Church, Hindmarsh. took place on Thursday, November 4. Consequent on alterations going on at the Institute the hall could not be obtained, but the Trustees of the Congregational Church kindly offered the use of the spacious schoolroom, which was accepted. The room was tastefully decorated with festoons, wreaths, mottoes, and the handsome school banner. A centre and side tables were well filled with floral and other exhibits. The present being such a propitious season the show of bouquets and cut flowers was exceedingly good. The special aim of the committee in fostering a taste for floriculture and for useful and fancy work was heartily re sponded to by the large number of juvenile exhibitors. Special mention is due of Mr. William Brooker, of Hindmarsh, a practical floriculturist, who not only places the products of his garden at the disposal of the children, but also gives the children practical advice during the maturing of the plants. The exhibition of plain and fancy needlework by young girls was very creditable. Several pictures lent by resi dents enlivened, the scene, and a humorous pencil sketch by Mr. Chittleborough, sen., caused many a hearty laugh. During the evening the room was inconveniently crowded by visitors. The St. Augustine's drum and fife band from Unley, under the leadership of Mr. F. Bourn, played a selection of tunes outside the room, and several ladies respectively played on a piano in the room, lent by Mr. W. H. Taylor. The indefatigable Honorary Secretary (Mr. Joseph Reed) is to be congratulated on the success attending his efforts. Subjoined is a list of the prize-takers : — Plants grown in pots or boxes by members over twelve. Judges — Messrs. Sewell and Brooker. Annie Reid 10 prizes, Frank Willis 5, Sarah Bridger 4, M. A. Strudwicke 1. C. Harley 1, Clara Stearne 2, Alice Stearne 1, A. Chesterman 3, W. Bradley 1, A. Chittleborough 4, P. Chittleborough 2, T. Horsfall 2, L. Pell 1, W. Foreman 1, K. Eardley 1, F. Dench 2. Under 12 years-W. King 8 prizes, M. Ottway 2, M. Jahnn 5, A. Horsfall 5, D. Newman 1, G. Fisher 1, E. Ottway 3, R. Jeffrey 4, M. Jarvis 2, W. Ottway 3, E. Thornton 1, H. Dunne 2, W. Reed 2, W.Taylor 1. Cut flowers, for members above 12 years. Judges, same as pot plants. — J. Jarvis 2, F. Dench 3, E. Eardley 4, W. Bradley 10, A. Reid 1, B. Stearne 1, H. Hay 1, F. Batty 1. Under 12 -E. Ottway 1, F. Eardley 2, M. Ottway 8, W. King 2, W. Reid 1, M. A. Strudwicke 1. Bouquets, designs, &c;, for members over 12, S. Bridger 3, N. Hay 1, F. Dunne 2, E. Holbrook 1, W. Bradley 1, A. Reed 2, F. Dench 2, E. Eardley 1. Under 12 — N. Reed 2, M. Newman 1, E. Dorsett 3. P. Chittleborough 1, M. A. Strud wicke 1, M. Jahnn 2, A. Hay 1, E. Stearne 1, H. Pollitt 1, E. Fisher 1, H. Dunne 1. Works of art, &c.; (Judges — Mrs. B. Taylor and Miss Winter), for members over 12 years— L. Tolley 1, S. Johnson 2, A. Chesterman 4. H. Thornton 2, Matilda Foreman & F. Dench 3, N. Hay 1, F. Dunne 3, N. Dyson 2, N. Holloway 1, E. Holbrook 1, Alice Stearne 1, N. Brown 1, E. Eardley 2, O. Stearne 2, B. Stearne 1. L. Pell 1, F. Wing 2, W. Newman 2, F. Batty 1 ; do., under 12 — D. Newman 5, Annie Hay 2, E. Dorsett 4, M. Ottway 3, W. Taylor 2, N. Reid 2, E. Minson 1, E. Stearne 2, E. Thornton 1, S. Eardley 1, E. Fisher 3, A. Holloway 1, E. Dunne 2, E. Batty 1, J. Newman 3, M. Newman 2, O. Chesterman 2, P. Chittleborough 2, Godfrey Taylor 1, Shelly Hall 1. WAXXBRYTXia JUVEKOH FtOBAL SOCTHTT. — The third annual flower show aud exhibition of works of art at Walkerville was held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Thursday. November 4\. The object of these shows is to purchase prizes for the children attending the Sunday school, and judging from the continual flow of visitors the committee must be highly satisfied with the day's proceedings. Thursday's exhi bition fully upheld the prestige attained in former years for the fine display of pot plants and flowers, and also for the handiwork of the children, prominent amongst the latter being some pastry exhibited by Miss Farrow, and picture-frames by Miss Lawton. lie following are tbe prize- takers : — Over twelve years — Caroline Carpenter, Alice, Lilla, and Carry Cox, Emily Pybm, Florence and Helen Bishop, Alire Birker, Ellie Billing, Grace and Clara Cooper, Sarah Davis, Florence Harris, Julia Langford, Mary and Alfred Reynolds, Annie Farrow, Agnes and Clara Leathart, Edith Lawton, Dinah Harris, and Alfred Hudd. Under twelve — Maud and Matthew Cox, Susan and Annie Barker, Percy, Leslie, and Arthur Nicbolls, Arthur and Henry K. Cooper, Beatrice Fishlock, Eleanor Farrow, Susan Smith, Willie and Amy Netbway, Agnes Bertram, Lizzie Leathart, Jessie and Lucy Davis, Willie Hudd, and Minnie Billing. P&ofbssob; Phfpbb's Ektebtaixmbjits. — On Thursday evening, in accordance with an an nouncement previously made, Mr. J. A. Hartley, BA., B.Sc., presented, in behalf of Professor Pepper, a number of prizes to the children attending the schools in the city and suburbs. There was a fair attendance of the general public, and at the suggestion of the Pro fessor Mr. Hartley took the chair. Mr. Hartley said it bad afforded him very great pleasure to look through the papers which had been sent in for competition. He had divided them inta three parts, placing four in each division, and another gentleman had kindly assisted him in the examination. They had decided to award the prizes in the following order : — Mary Arnold, Central Model School; Mary A. M. Knight, Mrs. Shuttleworth's school ; Bose Fraser, Central Model School Alexandra Wyllie, East Adelaide Model School ; Sophia Adams and Elsie Roach, Mrs. Shuttle worth's school. Hon. mentions — Florence Jef fery, Central Model School; EJner E. Comter and Edith H. Trevener, Mrs. Shuttleworth's school; P. Whitby, North Adelaide Grammar School; and Miss Scammell and Miss Hay. Professor Perper delivered a short address, in the course of which he remarked that when ha looked round the Edacation Department and perceived the enormous amount of work to which Mr. Hartley had to attend he was really surprised. 'When he was about to come to these colonies he was told that he would have to bring the most accomplished assistants from London, because the only people they could expect here to help them were persous who could use only a pickaxe and a shovel. (Laughter.) In England— even, he might §ay, in London — a great deal of ignorance prevailed with regard to the prosperity of the colonies. But that day he had been looking through a great number of photographs of Adelaide and the suburbs taken by Captain Sweet, and wherever he went he would exhibit these pictures, for he was determined to make his voice heard, and he would tell the people about Australia. (Applause.) But with regard to the examinations, they were of course to be considered of importance because of the effect they would have in enouragiDg the rising generation. He was greatly obliged to Mr. Hartley for so kindly presiding on that occasion, and was very pleased at the excellent manner in which the competitors had executed their work. Before sitting down he should like to take that opportunity of thanking Mr. Hartley for taking the chair, and he hoped he would live many years to preside over the department the affairs of which he now so ably ad ministered. Mr. Hartley thanked the Professor for his kind remarks, and expressed himself greatly pleased at the character of the essay*, and at the attention which they showed the competitors had paid to the lecture. Professor Pepper having distributed the awards, the usual programme was proceeded with. This evening Professor Pepper will repeat the enter tainment of the ghosts. 