THE NOVELIST. I QUEEN COPHETUA. By R. B. FRANCILLON. CHAPTER II. Wanda.—Magic, quotli she ? She says there's magic here? Why, vthere's the magic? Widow, wife, and maid I've lived here eighty years fall Whitsuntide And never saw a mote, nor heard a jar More than an honest body may, that goes tTo Mass, and nails a horseBhoe to her door. And now there comes a wench with mouth on gape, And ears pricked needle-ways, and moonstruck eyes, To prate that horseshoes keep no glamour out More than they keep the flies from buzzing in; That old torn cat, who pranks himself and purrs, Is some bedevilled Prince; and dreams she hears Mad music in the whistle of the wind, And fairies tread corantoes on the floor. She'll say, mayhap, when next upon my crutch I hobble off to light a rushlight up, I'm flying on a broomstick round the moon. Magic, forsooth ! If there's a witch, 'tis she Magic ! 'Tis she that makes it: Hide can find. Alan's only sister, Helen, was some few years younger than he; and though she was in many striking ways plainly enough his sister, there were many more in which she by no means so closely took after Old Harry. Both, it will be remembered, had for a mother a lady of very decided Welsh extraction; and the Celtic strain in the Saxon stock of the Eeids appeared to have avoided coming out in the son only that it might all the more strongly affect the daughter. Hot that there was any sort of marked nation ality about Helen; one of her meat pronounced traits was her nnlikeness to any type that conld be found, probably in Pontargraig, certainly in Hillswick. The mixture of race might mean nothing after all; but the caprices of blood are strange, and often, in an underhand, invisible way account for the otherwise unaccountable. I hardly know whether to call her beautiful. And yet Bertha Meyiick, who was beyond all question, and not only beyond Alan's, beautifnl, must have faded out beside her like the loveliest of lamplights in the dullest of sunshine. There was a look of sunlight all over her, even wheu in repose. Nobody could call her blonde or brunette; and yet she was very far indeed from being wanting in colour, with her all reflecting, all-embracing grey eyes, giving back every light they received, with an added sparkle of mis chief from themselves. Her features were very far indeed from being faultlessly regular. _ Bat the mouth was not less warm and winning in its curves for being over-large, especially for so young a girl. The lips were as honest as her brother's eyes, and made up in all ways for the something in her own eyes that was hidden under their light—call it reticenee, reserve, irony, humour; anything which it might pos sibly be save insincerity. The hair was thrown hack from her face in thick brown waves, show ing the whole of a full and broad but rather low forehead and of a pair of perfectly made little ears, set to her head in the close fashion from which a phrenologist would argue plenty of courage and no music. She was rather pale, but it was with the parity of health, and even as she stood there and smiled in that odd fashion, as if she saw a good jest somewhere at large in the air, her colonr now shadowed and now brightened as if it needed no canse save that of living and being. She was no taller than her neighbours, and more slenderly fashioned than most of her own age; but her freedom and erect ness of carriage, the fullness of her parted lips, the quickness of her blood, and the brightness of her eyes, combined to make up what would have even more distinguished her iu a much wider world than this of Hillswick—a full joy in all the life she bad only intensified, as yet, by an unlimited readiness for more. Aud this alone, without the help of beauty, was ample enough to earn for her the title of beautiful. " I do like watching other people's blunders —especially when they work so hard to make ahem! You have put up that wreath beauti fully, Alan! You've only made one little mis take, that's all." "Hullo, Nell! why where did you spring from ? I didn't know the forewoman was here. I suppose I've hung it too much to the right, or something? Well, never mind—if I've gone a little too far in the right way" "Oh, it's beautifully straight; you were taking such pains about your inches that I hadn't the heart to disturb you. It isn't that —and it isn't that you've hung it upside down. That would have been it, only the real fault keeps that from mattering. So that's what comes of getting np at five in the morning when I'd been up with Bertha till past one —and of my getting into I don't know what trouble by stealing the gardener's best flowers—and of my going with half a breakfast to make something up to beat everything—and of trusting my own brother—all to have it hung upside down in a -dark corner, which may be veiy delightful in itself, but where my wreath is simply thrown away. It's enough to make one never get up at five in the morning any more." "Upside down, is it?" asked Alan, capping her mood with the manner of a critic who jus tifies all blunders by making them his own. " How can a ronnd thing have an upside or a -down side? Yon should square your circles, Nell, or you mustn't complain if you're treated like a Painterof the future wheu he falls among -Carpenters. And, as to the place—why Bertha herself chcse it; and as to not getting up at -five, who would before the 1st of September ?" " So that's the last new chivalry, is it—to get lid of your sins as soon as they're found out by pnttiDg them on a girl's shoulders? You want me to think that Bertha wanted to hang me np in a dark corner, so that I mightn't be seen ? Til lay all my old gloves to all her new ones that jou haven't treated her as you've treated me; and, if you have, it shall be worse for you still. You are in a conspiracy, all three of you, and Miss Bolt is ringleader." " Ob, Miss Beid!" remonstrated the Doctor's sister as she dusted and smoothed herself before she joined the now almost invisible group at the door—not knowing exactly whether Helen was laughing or scolding, or only hnugry—" I am sure that everything is perfectly lovely as far as we've gone, thanks to you and Mr. Beid, and Miss Meyrick, and everybody; and it will be sweetly pretty by tea-time. But if you keep such hours, I must tell my brother, indeed." " Ah, hut you see, Miss Bolt, I shan't be here again after I once go home, and I shan't be able to eat or sleep if that wreath is not properly fixed np—let me see—wherever it ought to be, before eleven o'clock to-morrow morning. And everybody that can climb a ladder is gone, and —No, Alan, I won't trust you any more. I'll wait for Old Grimes. He's sure to be back when he's smoked his pipe out, to see if we've left any mischief behind us, and he'll find—me. 'Take Bertha home to lunch, Alan—you've neither of you done any work, so yoa must both be starving. Only don't eat up everything, for I only bad half a breakfast, and I shall be back as soon as I've seen Old Grimes—I dare say it won't be long after you. There, be off with you all." After all, little excuse is needed for leaving one's own sister to walk home by herself if Bhe likes, in order to see another man's sister home —if one likes her. Alan wondered a little at his sister's personal interest in this _ year's -church-dresBing, seeing that her sharing in it at all was almost a piece of condescension, and for -once, like Miss Bolt, he conld hardly make out whether she was more than half jesting. Bat the two miles' walk to OopleBtone alone with Bertha in the ont-of-door sunshine, free from all eyes and ears, had now become too Bweet a chance to be lost by not taking such a jest, if it were one, to the letter. Bertha also wondered; but then Helen was her heroine, and then Alan was already more than half her hero. She lingered a little, either from feeling that she ought to stay with HeleD, or from a sort of shy foresight that the word lost in Hillswick Church might be found again among the daisies on the road to Conleston. But Helen made no answer, even by a look, to their passing wonder. She sat down as comfortably as she could in one of the pews, and as they passed her fixed her eyes on the roof, as if altogether lost in the great and awful question it suggested of how few years would pass before it fell in. Whatever else she meaut, if she meant anything, it was clear that she meant to stay. So they let her stay. People generally let Helen do as she chose without asking why. No ghost of a shadow fell over Helen's face when she was left alone. That cannot be said of many faces; but brightness, with her, dil not depend upon company. " Yes," she thought, in such fashion aB words must do duty for— " Yes, Alan must marry Bertha. He's the only man I'd choose for her, and she's the only girl I'd choose for him; and I shan't lose either my brother or my friend. Poor Bertha—she's born to marry somebody, and if not one then ano ther, and I shouldn't like her to go out to India, as that sort of girl mostly does if she doesn't marry at home. And Alan's born to be in love with somebody—and I should hate a girl that came between him and me. I think I shall go into business as a match-maker—it's rather good fun, and I shan't make a mess of the business by being one of my own customers. I don't think I've managed badly for a beginning anyhow. Well, men are odd beings, to be so fond of bothering themselves about girls when there are so many more interesting creatures all round them—at least I should think so if I were a man —except Bertha. Yes; I would marry her; so I must do it by deputy, since it's got to be done. One would think all girls but me must have very unhappy homes, or else be amazingly bored in them, to be so eager to get away into a new one of which they can't guess much, with a man of whom they can know nothing. Bat then it's true it isn't everybody who has a father I like mine and a brother like mine, and—and— a mother like mine. I think I would marry into Copleston if I was single. Well, thank the Prayer-Book, one can't marry one's own brother, or 1 wouldn't give much to-day for your marry ing into CopleBton, Miss Bertha! All I've got to do is never to marry out of it—and, all the better, as that means never marrying at all. I'll be snch a model old maid that they wont' find it in their hearts to get rid of me, and—and —I must hang up that wreath somewhere, if it's only for the look of the thing. Where shall it go?" The ladder was still left against the wall in the side aisle; she climbed up it rather rashly, considering the nnsafety of its footing, but she was light and knew how to balance herself, so she rather enjoyed the excitement of feeling that she was conquering difficulties by palling the wreath away from its nails. But a ladder has a fascination of its own, and is apt to excite ambition where there is none already. She looked about for the most conspicuous as well as for the most unlikely place for a girl's hands to manage such a matter, and found it at last in the very middle of the west gallery where the singers sat—not only a position that commanded the whole church, bnt one not to be reached without a certain amount of daring by an amateur decorator. People who like to find character in trifles must judge as they please— but in any case boys have no mouopoly of the spirit which forbids them to see a particularly high and difficult tree without trying to get np it as high as they can, and higher. Tbe purpose was not particularly high, but the gallery was; and, in fact, she could not sit all by herself in a pew doing nothing while there was nothing between sleep and mischief for her to do. She got the ladder down by the simple process of dragging away the hassock on which it stood from under it, and letting it fall its length with a crash in the aisle; and then dragged it along till she brought it under the place she had chosen. Before she had got it there its weight and her exertions made her repent of the trouble she was taking for glory's sake, hut her repen tance only obliged her to finish for honour's sake what she had begun only for glory's. Arrived at last, she stopped for breath, and then used all the strength and skill she had to raise it and fix it for climbing. At last she succeeded. After having nearly managed to break her head three or four times, and to sprain both her wrists four or five, the foot of the ladder rested firmly on a flagstone that covered, according to its half trodden-out inscription, the dUBt of one of the extinct IValdrons of Copleston, and its head against the edge of the front gallery pew. Now that it was fixed the climb looked uncomfortable for the nerves; but she had not taken all this trouble for nothing, so she began to climb. After all, nerves were no trouble of hers, and by tbe time her feet were on a level with the projecting cornice of the gallery she felt only one drawback to tbe excitement of her elevation—that there was nobody.there to see it, not even old Grimes the sexton. Alas! Bhe had miscalculated the proper angle of the ladder by just a shade. She was oppo site the exact spot she had aimed at, the wreath was round her neck, her hammer and nails at hand in her pocket—she had nothing to do but to lie forwards against the ladder, to pass her arms round it, bring her hands together with the wreath in one and the hammer in the other, give a tap or two, and all would be done. This was what she tried to do, but with all her reach ing she could not bring the wreath nearer the woodwork than an inch and a half from it. It waB sadly disappointing; for she knew that if she once returned to firm earth to make the ladder more upright by shifting its angle, not even honour would tempt her up again. She had just managed it, as things were; but the new aBcent np an incline at least ten degrees steeper, would be what the Matterhorn is to one who has already found Mont Blanc quite enough for him. Still, not going up for a second time was a very different thing from yielding to the difficul ties of a first time. She could not go np, but she would not go down. It was only a whim, bnt if a fairy had appeared that moment and had offered her the fulfilment of her heart's desire, she would have answered, "Then make my fingers just two inches longer, if yon please!" She took her hammer between her teeth, and tried again. Suddenly—she must have stretched ever so little too much sideways—the latter gave the slightest possible lurch; she recovered her balance instantly and instinctively, but that instant was enough to make her blood run cold. For the first time since she had climbed she felt afraid to look down through the space that now seemed to have doubled itself between her neck and the flagstones. Sho felt no longer simply hanging in air, but as if she were rising up wards towards the roof, or else as if the ground were descending deeper and deeper. She had never felt panic in her life before; but then she | had never in her life before tried to climb a high ladder from the floor to the gallery of a church, and she felt it now—and there is many brave enough man, unused te ladders, who would feel the same. Of course drowniug people, even if they kuGW better, throw up their arms; of course Helen, though she felt beforehand what the effect would be, looked down. But the result was not altogether what might have been looked for. The fall of her eyes was broken by the bird's eye view of a tall black hat, and a tall figure in a black frock-coat—figure, coat, and hat beiDg alike unknown to her. If it had only been Old Grimes the sexton! But there was no such luck; a stranger was in Hillswick Church, and 6he—Helen Iteid of Oopleston—was on the top of a ladder, with a hammer in her mouth and a garland in her hands, afraid to come down, unable to speak, afraid to move. If he looked up, as surely he soon must, what would be the effect, in church, and upon a stranger, of a girl cn the top of a ladder, for no imaginable pur pose, doing nothing, and trying to balance her self by holding to the roof with her eyes ? How could she bring herself to call out, " If you please, Sir, come up here, and help me down!" Stranger or no stranger the adventure would be all over Hillswick, in some magnified and dis torted shape, in half an hour; and, for aught she could tell, the stranger might be old, or lame, or—anything. The panic or giddiness was still too much upon her for her head to be quite clear, or she might have been able to treat the presence of a Stranger as coolly, or at least as reasonably, as if she were on firm ground. As things were, she followed the only coarse that mere flurried instinct could find to save her. Bnt for her first panic she would have had no need to take it; bnt for her second, she wonld not have dared. Before the stranger had time to take off his hat, much more before he could look up or round, she had clambered up the few remaining rungs between her feet and the upper edge of the gallery pew, and had scram bled over into it, she knew not how, except that hammer, ladder, and nails were dropped and spurned, and went over and down, fluttering, rattling, and crashing wildly to the floor, with a clatter and a bang that must almost have brought the whole church down after them. She almost thought that the church had really fallen. But as soon as she had gathered herseif together:— "What an extraordinary thing it is," she thought, " that I never can be left alone for a minute together without getting into some piece of mischief or other. One would think one couldn't possibly get into mischief all alone in a church, and yet—There! No doubt I've smashed the ladder and half a dozen gas- lamps, and three or four pews, and if I haven't broken my neck, it's no fault of my own. No—I wont look over and see. It might be too dreadful— and then there's that wretched man who was the cause of it all—really, when people come into a church they ought to see if there isn't anybody on the top of the ladder whom they might startle. Thank mercy, it wasa'tOld Grimes tbongb, after all. I should have to ran away from home and hide somewhere where I could never be found. And the poor wreath, after all I hare gone through for it ever since five in the morning—that's "done for. Weil, I must get home now as soon as I can—I wish I conld be by when they all came back again, and see what they'll see! They'll think the Yew Goblin has been playing his pranks among the Easter flowers—and I certainly won't say no, except to Alan—and Bertha—and—oh, dear, what shall I do now! If that miserable Old Grimes hasn't locked the gallery door outside! And the ladder's gone, and I couldn't get down again, even if there was nobody here! If anybody comes back and finds me, and wants to know how I came up here, I shall have to say thatl'ie flown!" Why did she not boldly advance to the front of the gallery, stand up where the clerk stood when he gave out the number of the hymn, and call out loudly to the stranger, '• If you please, Sir, kindly oblige me by going at once to Mr. Grimes, the sexton of this parish, and tell him to come with his keys and let out Miss Raid, who is shut up iu the west gallery, and can't get out again ?'' I can only say that Helen, if over daring in some things, was as shy in others as a gill can be, and was as unlike as possible any girl who conld have done so. So«he retired behind the organ, which was at the back of the gallery, to wait patiently for the return of old Grimes, or for whatever chance of quiet escape better luck might offer, her. No body had jet come back to finish the church dressing, and, since the way from the church to the gallery was locked, nobody who came would find her. On the whole it might be* a little amusing, if she could not get out sooner, to over hear the comments and theories about the wreck they would be sure to find when they did come. Meanwhile she heard the strange boots moving slowly about the church, from the porch to the altar rails, and almost wondered at herself for having so little curiosity about their owner. Perhaps had she been born half a mile nearer Hillswick than Gopleston was, curiosity would have got the better of shyness, and she would have found some means of seeing without being seen. But presently the sound of the boots faded into silence; no doubt the visitor, having found nothing, not even the quarter-finished decorations, to interest him, had gone away again, and had left the porch free for her escape —if she could only have spread a pair of wings and flown down there. Having nothing to do but wait, she opened the organ and pressed the keys, but no souad came—naturally enough, seeing that there was no wind in the bellows. And if there had been the result would have been worse than silence, for Helen was no musician, in spite of her Welsh strain. She might move her fingers over the voiceless keys at pleasure, and imagine her self Saint Cecilia, without bringing out a single discord to disprove her fancy. Active-minded and fingered prisoners must amuse themselves, not as they will, but as they can; and, oddly enough, there was a singular sort of. pleasure in playing this silent capriccio. The sunlight streamed in at the west window behind her, and warmed her shoulders luxuriously; hunger, fatigue, and reaction from fright took a healthy turn, and left her mind open to the very slightest and idlest fancies that might find their way in with the" sun. The faintest perfume from the flowers and foliage that had as yet been hung rose up round her, and was the stronger because of its faintness. She had never been in such complete and inevitable solitude; nothing was easier than to fancy herself lost to and forgotten by the world. She bad not yet quite escaped from the not wholly childish in stinct, from which some few never wholly es cape all their days, of using every'chance hint and suggestion as a help in the great art of Making Believe—and what art is greater or happier than one which turns the commonest and most insignificant things into talismans for making us, whenever we please, be what we will ? That is an art which gives the goddess of silence a place among the musicians above Beethoven, and may concentrate a world in a whim. The course of Helen's idle fingers would have made woful work if written down—just as all such fancies do. She drew out some of the stops for mere idleness' sake, and because it was about the only piece of mischief, short of break ing a window, that was near her hand. "I wonder if I'm playing Bertha's Wedding March!" she thought, and, with all her personal contempt for love and martiage, she began to think that, if all were going well, that two miles' walk borne to Coplestou, with the sun fall iu one's heart as well as upon one's shoulders, would not be so bad a thing in its way—better, at any rate, than being locked up in an organ loft all alone. Perhaps it might, as she thought, have looked rather odd to see, on entering a church, a girl perched up on the top of a tall ladder. But if she had taken her dive into the gallery merely in order to escape from seeming eccentric, she had f&i;'ed lamentably. She was not well enough up in the geography of the church to be aware of a dark little door in a corner that led from the organ- loft straight to the corkscrew stair case in the tower, and surely the very last thing that the young man who now passed from the twilight of the stone stairs iEto the full day light of the gallery could have expected to find there was a young woman diligently engaged in playing an organ from which not a sound came. Compared with such bits of seeming lunacy, girls at the tops of tall ladders in unlikely places are eights of every day. Of course the young man might suspect himself of sudden deafness es he watched her pull out one stop after another while she gravely passed her fingers over the keys. But the first creak he heard in the empty church would reassure him on this point, ana no donbt he was soon reassured; but still she played on. It was far too much a mystery for him to break it off in the middle. He might even get at its meaning if he stood quite still and made no noise, and meanwhile the girl was not the less pleasant to look at for beiDg possibly insane. He was in the place of the stranger whose pre sence we only imagined while she was watching Alan and Bertha, and, being no more blind than he was really deaf, he could not fail to see in her at least something of what there was to be seen. So he looked on, and she played od, little thinking that she was performing for the benefit of an exceedingly attentive listener. It is by no meanB always impossible for silence to be heard as well as seen. . But in due time—how could she help it ?— she stopped playing and indulged i:n a long, luxurious yawn. "One!—Two!—Three!"— boomed the steeple clock jnst over her head— " Four!" Four o'clock already, and nobody had come back to the church—and She turned ronnd, without rising, and found herself face to face with the stranger at the steeple door—"And he has been watching me all this while!" was all she could think in her dismay. (To le continued.) 