"'N. ZEALAND ! PRESBYTERIAN;" 1 Some months 1 ago we noticed this, paper as not having very fairly dealt with'Pastor Chiniquy in- a kind of attack! made upon liitri after the Pastor hadileft (the colony. We thought this not very 'handsome- i or worthy, as the (Pastor had;been- noticed by the paper, at the commencement of liis mission, with ; a sort of welcome as well kuown and well accredited.' Some of; the readers of 'the paper have: complained that while it spoke well of him Before his face, no1 sooner had! the' Pastor -left the colony than it changed: its tune with / reference to him,- arid, "in fact', suggested more (to his disparagement; than .; : what ; it : i cared v to express. Two of those, complainei-s, sign ing themselves, "W. R. and"A. Honorfe," have written ,to itheiVewj Zealand Breshyter- iaji; stating their views, and/defending the Pa8tor;;ifrom - thes.;objecbions /which- -the paper had .taken , against . him. - The editor, understood - /to i :be Professor Sal mond, thus replied;: and it is to these facts .that we desiremoiv .to refer.- ' ' \- . We oqnfess/that the stylo which ..the .editor of the New Zealand Presbyterian ha3 adoptedidoes riot add to /the; (weight /of what he. says ! in reply to his two corres pondents. - i He is jaunty; »flippantj f . and loose, 1 as if he was wanting/to! play with his correspondents, arid-, to ; make- spoibVof i the : Pastor; as - the - mere occasion of his fun. ". Pastor .Chiniquy. redi vivus," he say s ; and . thereupon the. Pastor's: natrie is played . with?in, fact, - as if the ieditor had, found ;a good.'-joke/ And; i-when at length , the editor' h'ad;!.to.his.own satisfaction, (iriished the /business, justified - liis /conduct;:, arid despatched: his .correspondents. W. R.' arid A. H onorb, sporting like a gladiator . w ho has' grounded ;Kis -fellows, the , editor, wipes his brow: and says — "Now/ you are done ; but if; you are not : satisfied; wo ar e. still firesh.iov another - round witlir you !" The i echo of the laughter has reached- us here;! .The' .editor- excuses: himself; for- publish- iing; the, remarks complained of after the Pastor ..-had Heft New; Zealand, 1 in the -following siriarb- manner.:. The Pastor, pub lished, a:, challenge— the challenge-did- not concern us!; it - was none ! of . our- business to convict him of an1 erroneous or exagge rated; statement ?.we d0:;not;;feeliunder .obligation to-be. giving our , views on .men arid things/except it be. : distinctly indi cated to'.'be ,iour duty.; - our duty lies within the scope . of this papc, tho . N.Z. jPresbyter.ian ; if- we . acted otherwise we should- get -our fingers scorched -in other moil's broth ; and our finding fault with Pastor Chiuiquy appeared after the Pastor left, because his leaving and the day of our publication was not coincident." It is smart to speak of broth and duty and distinct indications ; but the jaunty smartness does not conceal the conscious ness which the editor had that he was play ing with his correspondents. For instance : The editor's complaint against Pastor Chiniquy is chiefly this — the Pastor had said that " the Romish Church is no part of the Church of Christ.". The editor holds most confidently that the Romish Church is a part of the Church of Christ. The editor attaches great importance to this. With " boldness and confidence he re-afiirms his position : nay, ho adds that "the view of Pastor Chiniquy is utterly pre posterous," and that it lands all who accept it in untenable and extravagant positions. And then, as if he were at length in earnest, tne eaitor asirs, vvnat possioie gain is to be got by this unchurching? Why anxious to formulate the intensity of our mutual hatred and distrust ?" Very well : here we have the chief thing which the editor has against the work or mission of Pastor Chiniquy. Was this, a sudden discovery on the part of the editor? Pastor Chiniquy had been in the colonies nearly two years, lecturing incessantly, before he appeared in New Zealand. His lectures delivered everywhere were the same. They were published in news papers and in pamphlet form, and thrown broadcast liko the; leaves of autumn. Those leaves,, in great plenty, had reached New Zealand long before he himself appeared. The editor could scarcely have been ignorant of what the Pastor had said, and the fundamental position which he assumed : in; all his lectures, viz., " that the Church of Rome is not a part of the Church of Christ." More than that, the Editor had by him an article, of the late Dr. Hodge,' on, the question, which he says fully expresses his (the .Editor's) views. That article; of Dr. 'Hodge was published years ago ; and at ; the time of its publication Pastor .Chiniquy answered it in a masterly pamphlet, which has never been refuted. , The editor; does not say that he lias a copy of Chiniquy's reply; perhaps, however,; he ought to have it. Be this as it may ; Dr. Hodge did not answer it; and perhaps, if the. Doctor were living now, -he would perhaps modify his views under the unchristian and impious claims which modern Popery: makes and publishes. The point,: how ever, which we fasten on is this : the editor knew the position of Pastor Chiniquy : he had what he considered the invincible' article of Dr. Hodge against it by him; and he had a thousand opportunities' to' write and ventilate and discuss the question both before the Pastor reached New Zealand, and while the Pastor was on the spot to deal with it ; yet the editor excuses himself for referring to it after the Pastor had left New Zealand, by urging the trumpery: grounds above men tioned: — We don't want to scald our fingers' with other men's broth ; we don't feel it our duty to give our views en men and things unless we have a distinct intimation of our duty ; our duty is in connection with this, paper ; and the paper being a monthly publication had one of its issues just after the Pastor left" ! They are very dull people in Dunedin who cannot answer all this clumsy shuf fling with the remark- — "Very smart, but not to the purpose." It was incumbent on the editor, seeing he had such strong views on the point, to meet the pastor as soon as he arrived, with the challenge — What do you say ? And we are quite sure the Pastor would not have shrunk from the task of discussing the question. We do not wonder at Professor Salmond, the editor of the New Zealand Pi'p.shiitp.ri.am,. reffurdinff the statements of Pastor Chiniquy as " exaggerated." Most Protestants of the present day, and espe cially those who are full of " charity," cannot believe the statements of the Pastor, and so they put them by with the charitable inference — "They are exagge rated." The statements are sometimes so awful, the things alleged are so diabolical, and the iniquity perpetrated is so dreadful and almost inhuman, that charitable Pro- -testants refuse to believe them, and mark them " exaggerated." But "Ultra-Protest- ants" are not so nice. They do believe the statements of such witnesses as Pastor Chiniquy ; and they believe that not even Chiniquy reveals all that he could reveal. Such Protestants as W. R. and A. Honorfe, Professor Salmond says, are disposed to believe anything about Popery. And then the Professor is charitable enough as to say — " Protestantism of their type does infinite mischief to true Protestant ism ; is a mighty help to Popery ; nay, is best friend that Popery has." Quite so. But is it not strange that Popery itself thinks the very opposite?. For ex ample : put Professor Salmond, a real Protestant, and the worst enemy which Popery possesses, and put A. Honore, or W. R., or Pastor Chiniquy, an ultra- Protestant, and so " the best friend that Popery has" ; — put them together in one place, say Dunedin ; and which of the two will Popery speak kindly of? With which of the two will Popery foregather ? Which of the two will Papal papers and Papal bishops commend as , liberal and fair? The answer is easy: but does not Popery know which is its best friend? Does it denounce from its altars its beat friends, and lay plans sometimes to take their lives? Has it come to this, that Popery really loves its worst enemies, and kindly inquires after their health ? Professor Salmond is true to the stamp of Protestantism which he favours. He is like those who, when the abominations of confessional are told them, calmly answer, " Incredible" ; and if the books are pro duced .which reveal those abominations, the answer is — " The books are out of date"; or, if persons who have been for years connected with the confessional and its filthiness, are produced to give witness, the answer is — " Oh, they are perverts and apostates, and their statements are evidently , interested and exaggerated " ! The Protestantism which does "infinite: harm " to Protestantism and truth, is this weak-kneed Protestantism. It has so emasculated Protestants, it has so silencee them, it has so blinded them, that not one out of a thousand nominal Protestants knows what Protestantism really means ; and it is in contrast with this bastard Protestantism that the so-called, " ultra Protestantism", looks a very ugly thing, when it is calling " a spade a spade," ' and shocking the nerves of the kind and charitable. But . now, the statement of Pastor Chiniquy which has so offended the editor of the New Zealand Presbyterian is this, " that the Church of Rome, is no part of the Church of Christ." The editor wont discuss that' proposition., He, denies it, boldly affirms the opposite, and refers all concerned to the article of Dr. Hodge . as containing exactly his view on the point. We shall, next week offer a few, remarks on the, said article, which the editor might have published, as well before, the Pastor left New ' Zealand as after., Meanwhile, let us notice what the editor 'says' about it : "It has undoubtedly ;clearness and force. and we shall be astounded if anyone read- ing and digesting, it longer persists in the Chiniquy view, ,, which, we half think he himself uttered only in the excitement of his oratory. ' Is 'this part which- we have italicised a compliment to the Pastor's in telligence? Or is it an apology ' for his Ultra Protestantism? We dont, like it. But if Professor Salmond feels so certain about the "force" of Dr. Hodge's article, why did lie not kindly and charitably deliver . the pastor from this excite ment by publishing the article, that the Pastor might see it when in New Zealand? Did: lie not know that the Pastor had replied to it years before? Or, knowing this, did he charitably think that the Pastor was still under: the excitement of his oratory ? What is the true explanation ? At any rate, the as tonishment of the Professor must by this time have reached the point of perfection, as it turns out that persons have read Dr. Hodge, and digested his article, and yet hold to Chiniquy's view. Chiniquy him- Belf must be incorrigible. And those who still hold Chiniquy's views, after the ad mirable force of Dr. Hodge has been delivered, must accept the charitable im plication of the Professor and editor's astonishment, viz., that they are not able or not willing to understand any thing ! From our' New Zealand files we find that the 12 th of Juiy celebrations have given rise to some newspaper discussion, which shows a healthy vigor, and the prominent position to which the Orange Society is attaining in that colony. The leader of the opposition is a Rev. Mr. Long, minister of the Church of England, and one who holds that the "thing called Ritualism is much abused." We under stand that Mr. Long was tor a long time connected with another denomina tion, to wit, the Primitive Methodists ; that not long ago he turned a new leaf ; and that not long since he learned to echo the melifluous expression — " The beautiful ritual of the Anglican Church." Starting then from this beginning, he appeals to the editor of the paper, and to the public, in these terms No one acquainted with me will accuse me of an undue love of Protestantism !" What an appeal ! It was surely needless, in the case of all who knew Mr. Long. How could any one acquainted with him accuse him of an undue love of Protestantism ?" To us at a distance the thing is very clear that he has no " undue love of Protestantism." We rather suspect that he lias none at all ; and his letter in reference to the Orange celebration is a decisive proof, if any were wanted, that he would rather do without Protestantism altogether, for he hates to protest, and never does it, unless indeed as against Orangeism and Orangemen ; and his object is to counsel all Protestants against protesting ! This is the purport of his letter. " Why should Orangemen protest ? Why should they keep up cele brations to make their protesting known ? Why should they bear in mind the past deeds and struggles and claims ? When they protest they merely repeat what has been said before." When they make speeches they merely " take a line," speak It C 11-. 11 -1 1 i.i. .1? pi UL vbulUUHllj HLHl otlj UlUtuL XlllQS that have been exploded long ago ! And then ho adds that the Orangemen, in pro testing and holding celebrations for the purpose of making their protestings known, act upon a " misconception " which amounts indeed to folly and ignorance. Is it possible that any man thus finding fault with protesting Orangemen should be suspected even by "New Zealanders " of having "an undue love for Pro testantism ?" . He is rather like the class to which he belongs — the class that thinks that " Ritualism is much abused ;" for Mr. Long's "love" lies in the. direction of another " ism — the " ism " which has its head in the Vatican and which has its little rivers and streams flowing into Eng land and into ; England's Church — viz., Ritualism and Romanism. — Mr. Long: next objects to the " iteration, of half truths." Me thinks that half truths ate very dangerous. So they are, say .wo : but what half truths ? A half truth , on ;the side of Orangeism and Protestantism, Mr. Long thinks, is very bad; but why does lie not see that the half-truths on the side of non-Protestontism ought to be just as evil as the other ? If a man does . not openly avow and advocato a truth which' .he believes, and does not protest against the opposite, is he not making the truth a half truth, 'or only half doing the duty which the truth demands of him ? Mr. Long Says " that there are many things connected with the Church of Rome. which he heartily condemns, and many doctrines to wbichjie does not subscribe." Indeed ? Many ! What are they? But, if there are. many, things which he heartily con demns and; many doctrines which he does not 'subscribe, might not his "hearty con demnation" be a protest as objectionable as any "protest" which the; Orangemen make? But if, ever he heartily condemns the said " things and the doctrines," might he not inform the ignorant Orangemen; for, in such a case, the Orangemen might find out that Mr. Long, after all, has an " undue love of hearty condemnation " of the Church of Rome ! The fact is, how ever, that Mr. Long's hearty condemna tion is a thing unknown. The condemna tion is all done in his heart. No Papist ever knows of it. Not even the Orange men ever know of it. They are ever, on the watch for clergy of the Church, of Eng land, who love its "beautiful ritual," who are hearty in their condemnation of the many things and the many doctrines of the Church of Rome which deserve to be condemned; but nobody ever saw- nobody ever heard — -of Mr. Long's hearty condemnation; — We have reason to sus pect the hearty condemnation of anything Popish by the Rev. Mr. Long. For this reason, he is a great believer in Cardinal Newman, who believes everything Popish, and swallows even its most preposterous absurdities. Not only this, but Mr. Long makes Cardinal Newman his standard of appeal in interpretation, as against the intelligence and good faith of Orangemen. For example : at the Orange celebration one of the speakers referred to the claims and teachings of " the Syllabus." The Syllabus " is an authoratative docu ment by which every Papist in the world is bound. It is the infallible voice of God's Vicar, and no Papist dare dispute it. Well, the Syllabus says certain things and claims certain things. An Orangeman referred to this document and showed that it is false and tyrannical in its teaching. What does Mr. Long do ? Why, he has the effrontery to say that the Orangeman did not know what he was talking about : "for," says he, "on the authority of no less a writer than Cardinal Newman, the rules for interpreting authoratative docu ments are not known by laymen !" This is quoted with approbation. This is quoted as decisive that Cardinal Newman is right, and that the Orangeman who quoted the Syllabus, and interpreted according to the rules of ordinary speech, was ignorant ! But could any acknow ledgment bo more infamous or Popish than this ? A layman cannot sit in judg ment on the words of an ecclesiastic. A layman cannot understand the meaning of those awful documents which are called "authoritative." No: a layman must submit to the clergy. He must hear the law at the priest's mouth. And if lie dare to dispute with Cardinal Newman, the Rev. Mr. Long, Church of England clergy man, will say that the layman is bound to submit. — After this discovery of the cloven foot, it is not wonderful to learn that Mr. Long values the acquaintance which he enjoyed for several years, "of a Catholic Bishop and many of his clergy in the bush." He says tliut be " studied their lives and character." He says that he found them good and honest and sincere. Well : suppose that he did. What then ? That Orangemen should believe in them ? by no means ; because the Orangemen have a right to ask, " Who is Mr. Long ?" And, " Is he to be trusted, as a man tbree-fourtbs a Papist already ?" — Mr. Long then asks that Orangemen should get their information from " good authors and not from semi-religious papers." We ask the same, in a full confidence that " good authors " cannot advantage the semi-Papists whom Mr. Long recommends. He refers to Lord Macauley. This is the dodge of all cunning Papists. But Lord Macauley, most willing to give to Popery all that was its due, is a stern witness against it in the very point in which Mr. Long most ardently admires. The Church of Rome is worthy of the deepest exami nation and study. The' marvel is that it lias stood so long. But.it stands because of the very distinct purpose and arrange ment of God. 1 . It is one of the standing proofs that the New Testament is true. If there were no Popery— if there were even no man of sin — the New Testament would lose one of the most convincing of its proofs. But it stands ; and "the Alexander VI., and Benedict XIV;,. and the learned and conscientious and7 loving Cardinal Newman" are equally elements in its standing and preparation for falling, as the Great Apostacy which is ultimately to be " consumed by the brightness of Christ's coming." — The silliness of Mr. Long re veals itself in its conclusion. He says that "Noblemen in England meet to gether to pray for the 'union of Christiandom.'" Those noblemen do no such thing. They desire the union of Papists, Ritualists, and also heretics. But are these Christendom ? Mr. Long is one who desires to ignore ' '"'the' Dissenters." He is like our own Mr. Kemmis, who objects to be brought Town to the level of " Dissenters." But it appears that the Dissenters in England are ah important body. They now outnumber the "An glican lovers of "union with Rome; so that now it happens that if Papists and Anglicans and their hangers-on were united to-morrow, "Christendom would be as far from ', union " as ever. — Ah, Mr. Long is the " friend of all." He wishes to be on equal good terms with Papist and Protestant. He loves them both, but especially the Papist. He would wish to be known as the friend of all. But this only reveals the hollo wness of his pro fession of heartily condemning many things and many doctrines in the Church of Rome. Such a specimen of "Protest ant charity " is very edifying to those at least who have no just sense of their obli gation, to truth; but it, is a question of simple honour and honesty whether men who are so utterly hollow and false to all that constitutes the assurance of Protestansism ought to be con sidered as Protestants at all. The Rev. Mr. Long is a beacon to all the Protestants of New Zealand. If he guides, it is because he warns ; he shews them wlifii-R tlipv make shinwreck of both body and soul. ' Referring to our note above on the Rev. Long's labours to injure the Orange cause in New Zealand, we are glad to notice that there are able defenders Bide by side with him. The letter of Mr. Long called forth three able and spirited replies. The letters cif the Revs. Messrs. Dunn and Issitt, with that: of Mr. French, met the case and did good service. Mr. Long reckoned without liis host : and he has got far more than that he bargained for. Thus the " enemy of the good cause' helps it along. The public of New Zealand have got the advantage of a little more of discussion of the subject than what was possible in the " Celebra tion" speeches. The replies have made it plain that there is need for Orange lodges wherever Popery and false Protestant charity are to be found. Popery, as a " religion," degrades the people, and, as a political system, enslaves them, The principle by which this is accomplished' is the principle which' Mr. Long ascribes to Cardinal Newman, and accepts as a good one, which ought to be allowed , viz. , that the lay mind cannot understand or interpret Church documents ; only the clerical mind is capable of such enlighten ment ! Apply this principle as, the Church applies it, 'and as Cardinal Newman' de- mands and practises, and then,as the' certain result, Popery comes in all its strength and domination as a religious degradation and political tyranny. Thus it was that 'the Bible was 'hidden from the people, because the "lay mind" could not safely be trusted with it. It was found that if "laymen" read the Bible, they turned heretics. They saw in the Bible the condemnation of Popery : and so they became Protestants. The priestly mind thereupon fell upon the device of denying 'the Bible to the peoples for their own safety in the faith. 'And to this day the claim of the Church is that no layman shall read the' Bible without permission ; and that neither priest nor layman shall interpret the Bible unless according to the sense which the Church puts upon the passages quoted. -But why should the "lay mind " be thus in the dark ? The priests have done their best to make it so ; as, with ' all their zeal to build colleges for their priests, they left the people in total ignorance even' of the 'power to read and write. But, in these modern days, which the priests hate, sighing as they do in vain for the " ages of faith,' the "lay mind " is getting knowledge ; it is acquir- ing, in Public Schools, the power by which to judge the priests and their doings ; and, by-and-bye, when the, process of enlightenment has gone on a little farther, ' the "lay mind " will tell the' crampid and stilted and ' professionally, antiquated " priest mind" that it must open up and let in the light. When the cobwebs- are - thus swept- ' away— when the dark damp chambers of the cloisters have been- opened up, and white washed ; when blessed candles are extinguished, and the rays 'of the sun' are ' allowed to' shine in; when show and'' pomp/and stage tricks are handed over to theatrical managers ; and when religion is made a "rational service," the lay mind and the priest mind will do without apostolical succession, and both will vie' with each other to understand what God has -revealed of his truth in the Holy Scriptures. - But Mr.; French; says; : in : reply -to: the jeering of Mr. Long, about the "union" that some of' his/ class- are' trying' to effect in England, is "periectly true. They are very uncharitable;'5, in' their pretended, charity. They want to present " the /body oL Christ as one." ; But how, why, by bringing together the Episcopal- party ms the true representatives of " apostolical' succession. / They want : the. Eriglish,: the/ Romish, and the .Greek churches rolled into one. They are willing to regard r: the " Bishop of Berne" ' as. the ' head of/,"th'e; one church;" . and agreed .to the/claiin that Borne shall .betbe "-centre of .unity. "u They think that I this ; willy ho' presenting the "seamless robe of the .Redeemer to the Infidel, world." ; , /But 'would this unity he a "gain? Is it possible ? The dream is very pleasing to tliosq that-dream it.., Brit- it is a/remarkable fact that the dreamers usually aw;aken when they haven". gone over to Rome.!! , - They begin with/dilution,- and' then end" with - tho genuine' 'article.'1 They whirl : round 4?dle> ahdjZ'life usually falli imto'i the .fatal-, -flame.-. .Buty meanwhile/'ariaytripfe /splendid "arid ; true,- and reasoriahle;;uriity,'is'!. being .gradually' evolved / but of ./th'efupposecl chaotic mass, of , .what - -- arenoailediH'.'j the - other sects.:"i The-- true '-unity-is !a unity h of 1 spirit." When-/ the'f'j'oth/er'Churcliey/1 /begin/ to Wiue their, com mon-? ground- think less and/ lessnof: jtheiru little;, differ-, ences of- polity/ and o form'-— whenr - they-' cogent to stand' /only iip'orir ' theessen'tiril; . the/, 'Gospel— their, //harmless' varieties of form and ' -opinion- 'donnot endanger but ; make: ; -more'' palpable' ; their essential oneness1 iBi\tb'©' 'faitlil ' Z1 5J'-' - '/ _':0 - Tho Elections ®gun to move, - in preparation for tliricqming general elections, we hope that /our friends are/ not forgetting what their, duty/is.' /.The/occasion'/ u one which demands/theiyzeal .arid'/selh'deriiah/ no House which will be gathered under tho i new Electorial Aat.will.be a very important, one/ not only because of ,tlie redivision/of .the /country, and the. better representation /of th'o population,', out especially because/ of 'thri'graud /queiitibhs/ wnioh it will have to consider. : New, taxes,, are/to,, oimposed. How is tb'eimoney to.be raised;?:By| ®c?Plng . " Protectidn'l'. / asi . the- perfectToure,/; by laying the burden .of ,;tho,cquntry/qh pro- 1 perty , squattagea /in ' tHo/./country/.and house „ P®. y.ln this town ?, or by -Income tax-?:/ /The. juestron in which, we aife cliiefly 'interdated-the 7mrUCa. Queat'on—bur friends are aware/ 'is W i So far /the battle' lias been won/ unless the friends of the public school are up/ and doing, and earnest in watching and working it is quito possible that our victory may be turned into a defeat. Tho new Act is already in force, and the new regulations will gradually bo adjusted by the department ; but the death of - denominationalism is postponed until the end of . 1S82. Between, thisand then the enemies of the Public School Act nre hoping to gain strength to destroy, the Act. The , Papists of course,' under the generalship of Hr.- Yaughan and: his Catholic' Union head -centres, are zealously working to return members to the - now .House, pledged to destroy the Act, and introduce the clause of: '" payment by ' results." i . This' plan' must bo defeated by the return of members of a different ; stamp; : .The' " Ghuroh. of England Defence Association " and " Bible Combination" have yet vitality, -and they intend ito show-it' in' tho coming election, by voting for members- who' will continue the clause for aid to' Denominational schools beyond the time. - fixed. Their plea'is' -r-"The Bible in jBublic-schools "—"'Religions education for the yo'ung;"— " the danger of ! secularism a .pica whioh' welhave i exposed again and ngain as hollow and delusive ; for'the- Public School Act is as fair and liberal on this disputed point as it is possible -rior- it to;-b'e, consistently with a "national and n'ori-sect- arian system. " .Tho , electors must .. see . that . the "Biblo Combination," uniting with the "Church of.'Englarid Denominationalists," and both these iri politioy unioh' ' with' the Papists, constitute a party of sufficient strength to rouse tho devotion and loyalty '/of the friends of the public schools 'to1' the -highest- 'earnestness. These " combined allies " will not prevail, if the friends ; will realise ' the importance'/ of the position, and 'the need, for "no; compromise;" in:th'e coming election/— But-tliere is/another, " contingent " , from, whom . these " combined allies " are ' 1 expecting considerable help we. mean-the contingent of tho'tedclmra 'of tlie Public schools themselves. Every possible effort " has : been put forth to make the' teachers dissatisfied with the new line of things. Tho denomina tional teachers are made dissatisfi ed with ' tlio . reminders about rent. ' ; - And ' the Public school 'teachers' are made dissatisfied 'by'showing them that' the loss of fees'is a loss to'theni'ot so milch per 1 year.' By such1 appeals the ' teach- rs are being made to feel that they would rather' have the old'than tlie new, and indeed to hate the. : new : and so toiielp to i/ivite back' the old; But the' teachers'- ought to'hiive patience. !'!It:is : not tho desire of tho Parliment, nor of those who have brough't iri' tho' riew 'Act;' to -lessen the comfort of their, position; So far 'from that, ' tho 'purpose from" the beginriirig has : been ' to 'bettor their 1 position by making it more / secure' arid 1 regular' arid, independent:' The adjustment' of the amount in each case raust/bei'a work of tiriiei The present' rate' of; 'fixed -salaries' is operi to revision. Tho1 , arrangement: is at-present only' tentative/ - The ' classification may and/will bo'iriproyed.astHe5 facts of the case beoome apparent; If there be any hardships at present, let' not .the' teachers imagine that they do wisely by playing into the ' hatids'of their enemies. The real .friends' of .'tho teachers are not those, who wish to destroy :tho! Public School-'. Act, but -those .''who' havo brought "that Act into ' force. ' Enemies are gunning/ enough tri "take " hold ''of bases1- of hardships, arid make a tool of airsuch.e'xceptibrial; cases; ; Oh, yes ! they h/avo great sympathy with ''the poor degraded teachers "!' But'they" do riot5 care -two' bross'fartliings'fqr the teaohers/ hoyorid making them subseryent to the object iri ' view,/ viz.';' to Aestro'y tho /Public School Act; If-the teachers'are/wise, they will hail .the Act as1, in their -favour. Let them be®. patient. Let th'em gather togethor the cases of hardships arid; make orit their claim for1 rearrangement'; and; we'doubt not that- iri the end the- 'Department arid -Education minister will do them fall justice." Meanwhile' the -teachers ought: to understarid' that' their safety lies in - a Parliatrierit 'that/ will1: riiairitain intact the Public Schools Act/ ''/ :" ! MellJOlirnO Pttlich."— Our'-contemporaryj in Melbourne has been particularly happy 'in "its sketches of the last two weeks'. The one cartoon was that of the Public Schools Act, as a weak suppliant with .'bonded ltneo1 before Sir John O'Shannessy, as a Jack Cade, with axe in hand and block before him. ' On the suppliant is writtcin<' fin » large' letters'-"' Doomed," 'as"! the poor beseeching creature iB about to bo beheaded on the. block. ; . The conception ,is good ; > but" >ve aro sure. that the Public School's Act is not yet ' '.doomed.". Sir, John O'Shannessy would like, no/doubt/,. to/cut . the head off. and;, marigio/.the/ body. '.of, /the "Public Scho/ols ./Act/ '"/And, '/the' priests/Vho have set/on, Sir/John,, /would/ not' ofiject:tq dO jthe burying.' : Graharii B.erry/m'ay have / ahowri , willingness' to, 'treat Svith ' tlie, Catholic / 'Varithorities ontside" arid'Vriiay.haye : been//prepared :to/,buy, the. Catholic vote /by a/ promise .to' " doom/ thq'Puhlic'Schobls/'Act "/huts' we/ cannot/ beli.oyo' that/. the, Yictoriari'/people/ /would' submit , to /such /treason/to /thq/popular/, cause'., /The/friends ' of //priblic/.qducatioii, // no . doubt; . have a /difficult /duty, to . perform/ , : They have/ to, .beat:' off. tho /Catholic / crowd" from / the ' Public/Schools /Act, ' 'arid- defeat their /subtle arid1 treacherous schemers";' but, ./m / have / to -avoid /He/indirebt'/irifiueriee/ ..of those ; .who /are. always ' ready// to /sacrifice' /the i Public/ .Sehools-Act"' what. /they call ' ' the/Bible .iri / the schoffis.'/ ' //The 'English/' -Bishop,.' arid / several j or/whatV'/may,// be /palled ,/thq/ /'/'.Bible 'Combiriar, . tionMts,-'' /dom'srid/M / Sqliools/.Act/ so /as /to, introduce /' '/the/Bible," , under; the pretence of./'giyihg/.th'e(1 chilclreri/ a' cause" although; they don' t 1 iritend/it./ We hope / , /that the union of these two yqry oppositri parties. / /wiU'faa'jiso." ' /.B/e trust/that the/ , Ipeople will, yet' 'speak rit/With too clear yoie'o, / No,' riot>,..4in'.;;'..fm':/rsaye/.fw,any' ! /schemiBg/'nipo/r'.lllhepon;' cartoon" /of / UuxTOpresents/ /AjrchhisHop/ Goold / sitlitig . all , / alone,' vyith his UeirichmariV Sir.Jphri /G/Sharinessy,/, | standing/ by, '.jrbolaimingV/Th/o King isdead/y thej/King lives./" Viotoi-ia lias' had ftho 'A'gi for,/ king'; has"'had..Kelly/Jfdr/kiri'g' ;. arid, (iibw/ lias., Dr. j .Goold, ... through. . Sir,; J/dbri. /O'Shannessy. ifijhQ/h'eau/'ideal.bf Sir/ John is ior'jtlje priest ,tq/ trajy'/ he / |tho_iPope ,;.,and. V/icJoiia'. will'jneer/he/1 Australia, jEelix," .until Berry ; aid Service' arid /all /qthqr. 'pktriqts.bqw.thekrieeto, the/;Sliepherd/scrqdkj /arid , iaiy to . the Pq pe', arid His/ agents— './ Speak, Lor'ds?! for. thy : servants /hear' you j"/ /. , / / / , ,. ,/".// : Th.0. Bsrry Situatioii-— The following good ; ;note %ve, clip from; th 0 : Southern Gross;, s,, Mol-,- "bourne paper. - Of course, "the Cross" makes a saving clause about the Education Act, which ; it helps to shake and|unsottlc, no doubt, as it says,' in the way of improvement, by introducing a religious clause ; but, excepting this weaknesri, the- note is- good 'as showing how Popery,1 and Biblo combinationists sailjin the Bame boat, not,- how-; ever, to reach the same shore:— "One thing, is clear — tbenewMinistery has, toa certain, though undefined, extent, a theological raison d' etre.. It- exists by ..the grace of Sir John ,0'Shanassy,1 and behind Sir John in the : entire episcopal! bench of -the llomish Church. For .'the first, time in Victorian, history, the Komish. bishops havo emerged from tho diplomatic, obscurity,- in wnich they .ordinarily, shroud themselves, and become visible,, even, to tho n'on-acclesiastical eye, as political ; powers to - bp/ consulted and placated. The Liberal caucri's adjourned until, as the Age puts it, Sir John O'Shanassy " sub mitted" certain "cori'ditions1 to his spiritual superiors, the, archbishop - and. bishops of his Church." ";Sir John arid' the -bishops, fit would > seem, have been . in - some;' way' satisfied,' a . circ'umstarico" which will ' throw a 'good many" people into ,an entirely opposite : mood."" ' For. ourselvos,;' five 'certainly / do - riot regard tlio® Education Act , as incapable of .'improvernent, arid tlib oppbiritriierit of a ' Royal1 Cominissibri to enquire into its working has 'beeri'already advo cated by this, journal. But .the matter should be"' dealt ' with on 'national 'grounds, / not' from' sectarian mottiyes, or frorri sectarian ends ;' any. action taken ' should bo iri." the . interests/ of public morality,, and of tlib. public' welfare/'riot. pf'any particular denomination/ Thai: tho fate of the Act should- be made a matter of barter, betwixt' any political party and th'e priests, 'or' the more suspicion that any ' srich bargain has been contemplated, will. , awaken , deep , and : widespread Jdiseonterit;1' Nothing/ would 'more'' efleotnally ruin Mr. Berry 'or: any other political, leader than a'suspiciori that he was willing to 1'go to Oan68sa;"/ if by that prbcesss hri /could, only " 'dish " hi8 oppon'on'ts/ arid keep/ ori the Treasury Benches. VYe 'sincerely hope' there is no ground for that suspicion. " ' ' . / Popish, Good NOWS.— It appears that " His Holiness," Loo'XIIT.,' has. been' pleased' to,. pub-' liah to tho work! the1 "'good1 news" that' lib has granted "ari' indulgence" to hi faithful' people, if. they will, in. a '|statevof "grace ' rbbito the. V M.rignificat," or Canticle.df the/Blessed . Virgin/' Hp grants to them ' for /this" recitation 100 clays!. indulgence orieb every1 'day/: ", The/object :of this is to induce the faithful 'to!becbtrie;iri6ro devoted to Mary, .and. more infatuated, to M/ariolatry than before'.' -1 - They are '/to. ' buy blessings in purgatory. ,by such ' " works" / on" oarth/ The, prico is lOO days' indulgence "rolcase from tho 1 flames of purgatory for every time the Magnifi- . cat isJ recited 'once/ a day.1 1 If tho Magnificat be said. onlynonce a clay a 100' days' indulgence will1 be gained'; but if it be repeated \twico on the same day, the result will be nil ! How cruel the Pope is that this indulgence should- ha'vo come so'latc ! How careless, that although' 1 the . 'decree was passed in Sep'tembes, 1879, the, riews 'has ! only' arrived'here'the other day ! ' 'He appears in/no hurry. with his indilgences ; and, then,' why could' he - give' 'only 100 days ? why not 102 days ? why not;500,?' why not an indul gence altogether? But- is it'riot'strarige'that the' Vt'Magnifieat" is the conviction of Vaticanism ? That beautiful song of Mary speaks of ."Christ as our Saviour"-; but no' person of "itnniabulato1 ; birth", can, have a Saviour or 'need a Savibur., According 'to'' Popery Mary was conbeive'd arid born, without, sin.; yet she says/ ; '1' My soul 'hath., rejoiced 'in rGo'd' iny 1 Saviour. " Stranger .still that Christ never, referred to "the, Magnificat,!' although it was . older than1 Himself.® .Why /did Ho not explain- the " virtues and indulging powers , of the .Magnificat ? Strangest of all it 18-tHat- tho' Apostles never ' mbntionod anything about the Magnificat having grace to help'dcad, arid living' Christians iri: getting' :" repose: of /soril' for them.''Z/Many' are the: practical exhortations, which Petqr in his Epistles gives! .to Christians ; Many also 'tho encouragements which Paul gives, in his- fEpisbles- to1 Christians in .view of their work, and in.roferenee todeath. Yet not once did either of- the Apostlas refer to the " Magni ficat." Why-did they riot" find out that twico or tlirioe' repeating the words of Mary's song conld get them draft bills from the Church treasury, payable fin purgatory by-indulgences at; the rate of lOO.days' peace for once repetition ? The answer is easy :— because Popery 1 and; Christianity are two very different things.- ' -The Magnificat, like - every thing : else; -is - perverted' to a purpose that Mary -would have .scorned ' if ; she had -foreseen tile-rise of Popery ;' arid- now,/ if sho would come amongst ns; she would1 'db 'a's/ Moses did with'- the'vbrazen serpent'1. that' was matte an idol of by'the Israelites she -'would-' tear the song in - pieces and scatter its,shrcds:in the holy water of Mariolatry, and coriipol tho1 deluded worshippers to drink it in horror. ; PeBiale'Att'bitirill.T-vi.t/ is/said that Madam Lottie Wilmot, gratified: at lier.Rucccss in Court; as an advocate iri her/own case, /.intends to/ take another step.in "woman's mission;" and, inj claim to "equality of womon with tho male; sex," she intends- to/ offer herself as a candidate'! for tho represoritatiori of Nowcastie or Newcastlo District in-thbrnext, g'erieral election.. / Mr. N. -Melville, thorefore, will needntq/ look , .out,; as a , /fearful rival,, is :nqw.; looming- in /the" distanco.'; !" Madam" is said' to be preparing heiv/'iuldress,!! : 'and her electioneering speeches. Her politics are 'to bo fully explained atvan /Vearly date, " and, she puts great storo iri her "..bourting '/ povyera - /to woo and yjn;tlie Bweet.and independent -andv enlightened electors ! Ifallthiabo so,',, it. is1 'quito possible that. Madam /may, yet hie- Speaker, of the Assembly or chairmqri ;of, Committees: ; Some of - the members, of tlie HousQ would ; like /nothing better than' to; have., their : Assembly, /graced with a? dpzenjOr twdimembersiof the fair; /sex. The extravagancies,, which, .sometimes; jooour when.done by/stoneivallers,, or when some; /irate patriot ' moves the" adjQnrrimeri.t/:of-/-lihe! /House, would perhaps he avoided if " ladies" /were present.. At any rate, the gallantry, (of the : imembers would ho often appealed. to, - that- the; j" Honorable Female Member . for . Newcastle ori (olse where " might be allowed first /tor give/her /view of the i.'/philosophy of "the riiattor - under r discassio'ri."" Sir George/; Allen;/- if . Maclam/ /succeeds, cannot v any /longer , /count; on tho- ,/dignity of the chair : ne may, be displaeed by a- unanimous ; voto in- , favour., of : " Sir .Lottie " ; . /and then as 'to our friend Mri Cameron, . what- .chance has ho of : being ever Chairman of -Coin-,- mittees again ? ' Could he ; have the heart to; i - "stand" for. that .position against the Lotties, the Janes,, and tlio.Bridgets that may yet crowd tho floor.,qf/th"o House and put/up, for- the billet? , OH, .fie ! , : Tho thought is .incredible. Mr. Cameron .would bo/only too pleased to give way; to tho laclics 1 But .why stop there? -Think, .of the. Governor sending for Lottie : or, Bridget to form , a Ministry/ 1 , Who would not wish to serve under. tHe/generalship of Lottie or Jane? The. . port folios would be coveted in a Ministry of this sort .: . Colonial Secretary, Madam Lottie ; Colonial Treasurer, Sir Jane .Fairfaeo ;. Minister of Lands, ,, Bridget Dimpleohin . Minister -of Works, Sir Susanriah . Shbrtneck ; Attorney- Gerioral, the. Hon..,; Sir. Judy; Roundabout — .the.'smaller.offiries/being: reserved, for men that approve- themselves /as, judicious: admirers,!, Happy country. thus blessed. - Australia Felix-!. The husbands lit homo rocking the eradlc3 and their, wives in Parliament.; The , young, men doirig the block, arid the yonng ladies holding a. meeting of tho Execntivo Council !. -Talk- of, Hie Russians coming, to hurt us ! Talk of fortifications after/ that ! Why, tho- whole -world would envy arid.commend us j.'.-i ... , < i /Aa/TEJaiiaua! Ohaago.-— y\/e hear that .the/ small Obngregational Church at Milson'a Point, - North Shore, having, been closed by - the - Oon>-. frq'gationalists,-; has been purchased . by the .esa.it. Fathers for £1000, and is about to be; qpenqd /by; /those " missionera " for Papal- worship. ' , This is .a very unusual , circumstance1 - which wo. mention with regret.; The Congrega- tionalists removed their; Congregational church farther up.thp hill, and opened' another chapel ; but surely, for the sake of £1000,:: they might, have, continued; to hold the old chapel (riot very ol.dlias a Sunday School house, or something else, . rather; than, have parted with it to the Jesuits. : - We remember the ;cercmony of laying the -foundation -'atone.. ... Wo . remember that money was collected from allparties to build it ; we romembor that documents and - papers - and Sydney Morning Hiralds were placed in bottles, "ad fiitaiiam .rei memoriam" -under tho first stone.; But, now all is sold to. tho Jesuits for £1000;! We are very glad to rcad in the Italian papers per every mail, notices of Popish chapels being sold to Protestants, in Rome itself, and in other plaoes of Italy. ; We are glad when such - . events are, chronicled, because it shows light in-' a dark country,, and,. tho. remarkable- change of .times in our days. But we are sorry, to read in Fre'emdn'-'thai' this'- mie case :has happened iri New, South-, Wales of: a .Congregational chapel passing-over to.the;handa;of : the, Jesuits for the sake; .off a./paltryJflOOO.- '- How aro the holy fathers to wash, out ,- heresy from the building bcfoi-a they, begin ?i;, f-How arc they going to get' , rip. -.the,.- Heralds ; ; and; ; .-Independent ; ; documents : from beneath the foundation. stone ? . In Popish' chapols they! lay,, nnder the:altars tho' bones of dead,8aint8; and, other relics, so/ as to mako the place holy :— what is to bo dono hero ?;' Will they take aprthbj.flo;or ? t. Will they put . down rieutraliring(::mattori?.'iT-Wo:; know that holy" water, , scares;;-. the',/, devil ; yhowi -much -will -be - needed, to, drive , the. devil, iof Congregationalism out ?,,') We- know .what . the . bishop can do with - his; inoantationsiand; holy salt : ho can drivc the de.vil /out r. of .bells, ..stones, trees, - cows, arid graveyards. :— what ..sorcery will be resorted to to . dislodge the deyil.out.of ii ohapel which the !' Pitt-street, party". built.?;i -.Wo don't know; Hut no/doubt the-. thing-will1 b'e done' beforo the true/.Gospel . be /preached- in ;the chapel by the Jesuit Fathers,; and before the "pyx1 arid the wheaten; God.,, will be .thought seenrs in. so pol luted a place, !— It is. clear, however,1 that !«hen' Jesuits// want ! a place,- ; notwithstanding "their - poverty, they are always able to buy it, if they ca.nno.t get it., for nothing. . Where itho -money comes from is always a questiori. ! 1 1 \- 'Anti-Sabbatarians Beaten./-ThQ ques- 1 question" of opening' the/' reading-room of the Sehool-of Arts has again .been brought before . tho 'irieriibers,'! arid' .deeided' as before— by an effective -refusal/ The agitation Has been got rip this time by tht Brights,; yqrman/sj and srieh . like; 'in -the hope/ that 'by'/ breaking down: the SUbbathlaw; as it now, exists, /they might' have greater - success in 1 their freothirikiug efforts. They have, 'howoyer/ failed. / / We aVo glad' that the clergy/'6f:Sydrioy; as if by common consent, absqrited- themselves, /with only ono exception, froth the / lheetirig ; /arid ' left "the working : men arid the'fihemberirto decide/the matter for.them- -/ solves." Had tho 'clergy mustered 'strong,, it might have be'en-said 'that: the' freethinkers were beaten /- by l-clericali;-finfiuerioe"'arid /conipulsion. The' clergy" will always bo to the front . to help the working meri /to/'defend themselves from, those, wo would deceive; /thein into/ the belief that a. seierilar'1Sunday is an advance to their liberty; ' But the ./question' raised -was best'de- oided by:th'» wdrking/m'eri'themselvea.' Wo. are quito/ieertairi 'that1 no/ intelligent working .man/ will over- ask for ' tho soeularizatibn of .Suriday../ Their freedom": tlieir/comfoi-tj their /highest good .' are- /inseparably connected with a well-spent,// quiet/ arid religious/Suri'day.;1 If the question, be/, riot now set at rest— those who again try to agitate it will, perhaps, find that tho oftenor the worse. _for .themselves, as thero is plenty of power in- reserve 'to give them even a; soverer-, defeat.- 'Tbe'", "Witiioss" Quostlon- — Some of onri friends .have ox'pressod themselves as astonished at the request of tho editor, of the Witness, and ' tHey have asked us for . further -proof .that. the. .tyiftM/tt is' really/ a Deiiqiriiriational paper. We- : think /the evidence / is' /'manifest/ arid : conclusive fro/iri what we . have already, said hn t we don't objeot/tq, mako the /'case ,, a./, 'little / more clear. Take, lor instahce,/ the' Presbyterian. It is a denominational paper/ /. It : professes to be suoh.; arid/ 'it/'aots' accordingly y/ as /the" organ of the x Presbyterian/, /Church of- New :South -.WaleSi-. It is. qwneff and/directed by a/committee /of Churoli/;/iits/edit'or'he to / that. GhnrCh'; ,-it- iyoiBte8'jihe"t' 'interests /of that Cbureh ; / it:; rejoices in /the '.union 'which that Church has- formed: ;/ it adyertisb's, the books of/that Church-;, it gives the "ripws, of .// that Church';/ it. defends . that Chutoh /from' attacks . from , others ; its. miriistefs , in /, the' , different . place's -where they ' fiahorir/iri.thb/c'ouritry, . act as/direct or indirefk agents for ifs./yircula'tioir ; .arid, ''at tlio anririal/ meetings of the 'committees of that Church it gives full reports 'of th'o :: proceedings/ that the .members of, .that-. .Church .-may ;:see arid know1- whatv-.is - doing. .'All these /particulars are- a .demonstration-, that - the/. Presbyterian io the denominational organ, of tho.PreBby terian body,1 - notwithstanding that-.that paper, has frequently articles of 'a general Protestant and religious character. Well : in every one of these parti culars the Witness represents and servos the denomination of the Rev. Mr, Sutherland, and therefore is, to all intents and purposes, a de nominational paper as much as the Presbyterian is. All this is undoubted and undeniable ; and the denominational character of the Witness is all the more distinct and decisive because it is the denominational paper of a section of Pres byterians — a section which is actively antago nistic to the opposite section. — What wo have said, therefore, is simply this, that the Witness is a denominational paper, and, as such, ought, not to be ltnown in Orango lodges, and certainly; ought not to get lodge support, as Orange Lodges stand on the basis of "no Church con nection, "a "common Protestantism, "withoutany Church peculiarity whatever. Besides, everybody will remember that the "Bible Combination" body voted that the Witness should be its organ in their opposition to the Public Schools Act ; and, accordingly, in a series of articles, and on many occasions, that paper denounced the secular education of the Public School Act League. . All that we mean is, that it is most dangerous and utterly destructive to Orange soundness and peace, to introduce Church peculiarities and Church papers into Orange Lodges. Wo contend for this— that the brethren1 in Orange Lodges muBt not know a Presbyterian from a Church of ' England member, or a W eBleyan from a Baptist': their common Pro testantism is .the only - bond which binds and frees them. — Some of our enemies have hinted that wo have said what we have said respecting the Witness out of ill feeling, out of jealousy, out of selfishness, but of fear for the Standard, or, from some other unworthy and contemptible motives. We have nothing to say just now to these iusults of enemies.' We have nothing to say. about the: JFiiness' outside the lodges. Lot those, take it who please, and welcome. ' Wo have no jealousy and no fear. We only insist that as we .have -. had a ; good deal to do with building up Orangeiam in this land, our work shall hot: be 1 destroyed- by introducing a prin ciple! whiclr will rend it in pieces before long! — rAS;. editors i of the Protestant Standard we 1 belong, to, no ehurch. ' . We are Protestants and Orangemen- and nothing more.; And 'our pages hoverihave been and never will be made sub- .servieut to party Church interests. " Momorabio Items.— it is' said -that Dr.' Vaughan : preached last Sunday ' on' Mount' Carmel, and- confirmed ' a great ' many ' children there.- It was reported to' us beforehand' that strange instruction had been 1 imparted to some' oft the girls, by, .whom we dou'c -know, about' male and female birds usually, found in yards'or- on tho streots, known .by the eoniinoh name' of ' ' cooks and hens. "—It is said that'Dr. Coll'etii, priest . .of':: Petersham," had a ' very' -impressive' devotion'at St. Thomas's'Iast Sunday, when the " altar of repose " was-' exquisitely got up. It' isv added- that by. the" devotion, many of the' people ." -made their peace with G-'od." In eon-' section with :this' chapel, the same Dr. Colletti, feeling the weight of its debt, has arranged for a' grand ball in the Masonic Hall, one night this week, Tho.ballis to. raise money to pay off the' debt; .. It is reported to us that the patronage is especially elegant and influential, Is not thiB' combination of ideas most beautiful; and affect- ' . ing :- — " sublime devotion " one week and a' ".ball " on the.,: next for the raising of funds ? What j kiud- of : faith is "ball faith?" 'St. Thomas' is a monument of the faith of Catholics; but so little faith is thero that the worldly and fleshly device ;of a ball is resorted to to get up the .wind ! What next ? ; When balls fail to raise the cash r-what next ! — Another ' item. The grand ball at St.: ! "Vincent's Hospital came off last week. A . long lis t of .patrons was- pub- fished-; but very "few , of the names published aro mentioned in the list pi,, those who attended. Tho names published, .therefore;, as patrons, were a sham to .decoy— decoy ducks to- draw the game. -But this also, is noticeable, that almost all the. names publishcd as of those wlio danced, were Popish names. . Scarcely a Protestant name, occurs.', That.6f,;Mr. Roberts. (late Mayor) is lDdCCtl mfiTlfiinnAfl Itllf. tiovnr mno 4-Vtarn such a scarcity .of, Protestant heads and toes. This is encouraging. We suppose that Pro testants are beginning to object to be asked to dance for sisters who think it a sin for them to dance 'themselves. There is a sort' of impu dence in Popish sisters and priests; .wrapping themselves. up in their. holy:clothes, and saying, "'We cahuotdance ; balls are a sin for us.; our holiness aud our : heaven would.be endangered by our dancing ; . but .we wish others to dance for us, aud to bring. us the , cash for tho sale of ; tho tickets !" Protestant . gentlemen, fathers, ' and' sons, ought to roply — "If dancing is not- fit for your holy women, we are not going tp degrade our wives and sisters to dance for thou. " Strange that ' the dancing should be a . sin for sisters and priests : , but Me money for tho dancing should be found very good for the support of sisters and priests ! A Balmaia Protestant asks the reference to the admission, of - the Roman chaplain of Darling bursty that the majority of the prisoners: were Romanists. .He also wants to know who drew up what is commonly called the Apostles' Creed.'-' The first 'question is answered by the lomciai hb iBpuui. irom cne sieraai in anotner column. : ' Father Dillon, later on, ackno pledged the same' thingi ' 5 Tn fact there is no denying it. A-'sect,'-'a"litlle' .nioro ' than one-fourth of the popiilationVi';furhishes a majority of all its criminals v The second question is not so easily solved, .'for ' nobody knows who drew up tho Apostles' Creed. In its present shape it does not appear until the'eighth century. Earlier it was much . shorter and gradnally grew. There are good; reasons for supposing its first form was merely, "I believe in CJod, the Father, the Son; and 'the Holy Ghost." It was called the "Apostles' Greed," not becanse it was supposed to bo' drawn np by the Apostles, but because it war the custom to distinguish those churches which - were taught by an Apostle by the name "Apostolic." ' The early Roman Church was so taught by St. Paul. Its creed was therefore called Apostolic or Apostles'. — Eds. P. & ' Froctor the Astronomer— Next Monday, in the School of Arts, Mr. Richard A. Proctor, tho eminent astronomer, will commence his course of lectures. In Melbourne and .Adelaide, daring the last two months, he has been attract ing crowded and fashionable audiences ; and he will be -received with similar enthusiasm in Sydney. Nearly three hundred tickets have been already taken for the course, so that probably nearly the entire floor of the hall will be devoted to : reserved seats. Considering Mr, Prootor's position in the scientific world, this reception is not surprising, and it must be highly gratifyiog to the distinguished scientist. The title of the opening lecture is "The Life and Death of" a World," and the illuminated lllustratipus- willbe exhibited by the ox-dydrogen light." A' list of the subjects of the other lectures,' with other particulars will "be found in our advertising columns. : ' ' ' 