TALES ANO SKETCHES.' ' SUNRISE-* , ???.??;?: BY -WILLIAM BLACK;' .' -? ?' :: i ?' AuTnonop 'Madcap Violet,' ' A Prirokss .op TnuiE,' 'Tubkb Peatuebs,' &o.;, '&«,' ; ? . ' Chapter XVI.— A Lktteb. Black niglit lay over tbe city, and silonco ; tlie river flowed unseen through the darkness ; but a thousand golden points of fire mapped out the linos of the Embankment and the long curves o£ the distant bridges. Tho infreauent founds that could be heard were strangely dis tinct, even when they were faint' and remote. There was a slight rustling of wind in tho trees ; below the window. But the night and the silence brought him neither repose nor counsel. A multitude of bewildering audacious hopes and distracting fears Htrovefor mastery in his mind, upsetting altogether the calm and cool judgment, on which ho prided ? himself. Ilia was not a nature to harbor illu sions ; ho had a hard way of looking at things ; and yet — and yet— might not thia ibiincc speech of Lord Kvclyn have Icon something more than a bit of good-humored raillery ? ? Lord Evelyn was Natalie's intimate friend ; he knew all her surroundings; he was a quick observer; he was' likely to know if tint! thing were possible. But, on the other hand, how was it possible that so, beautiful a creature, in the perfect flower of her youth, should be without a lover ? He forced' lninscli to remember that she and her father' seemed to seo ho society at all. Perhaps she was too useful to him, and he would not have her entangle herself with many friends. Perhaps' they had led too noinauic a life. But even in hotels abroad, how could tlio have avoided tho admiration she was sure to evoke? And in Florence, mayhap,' or '^tcritona', or Afadnd^ntld here- he began to coiijurc up.a host of pbisiblo rivals, all foreigners, of course, andall equally de testable ;aud to draw pictures for himself of tables d'hote, witb'niwayij the one beautiful figure there, unconscious, gentle, silent, '-but drawing to her all locnVcycs. . , ,.— ?-. , .... ?..-?:!? There waB but the one way of putting an end to Uiis maddcuihg uncertainty. '. Ho dared not claim an interview with her -, she might bo afraid of implying too much by granting it ; various considerations might dictate a refusal. ? But;ho could -write; and,', in point of fact, writing materials were oil the table. Again and again he hod sai down, and taken the pen in his hand, only to get!.up as often and go and stare out into the , yellow glare of the night. For an instant his uhadow would, full on the foliage of the trees below and then pass away again like a ghost. . , . . At two-and-twenty love is reckless, and glib of speech ; it tikes little heed of the future ; the light straw-flame, forhowevershort aperiod, leaps up merrily, enough. But at two-and-lhirty it is more alive to consequences ; it is not the present moment, but the duration of life, that it regards ; it seeks to proceed with a Biirc foot. And at this crisis, in the midst of all' this irresolution that was 'unspeakably vexatious to a man of his firm nature, Brand demanded of himself his utmost power of uclf-control. lie would not imperil tho happiness of his life by a hasty, importunate appeal. When at length he sat down, determined not to rise until he had sent her. this message, ho forced himself to write— at the beginning, at least —in a roundabout and indifferent fashion to that she should not be alarmed, He began' by excusing his writing to her, saying he hail scarcely ever had a chance of talking to her and that he wished to tell her something of what had happened to him since tho memorable' evening on which he had first met her at lior father's hquso. Anil he went on to speak to liec of a friend of his, who uneil to amuse himtclf with the notion that ho would like to enter himself at a public school and «o through, his school-lifu all over again. There he had snout the happiest of hia days ; why should he not repeat them ? If only tho boys would agree to treat him as one of themselves, why should he not be hailfcliow well-mct witli^thcm ; and once more enjoy the fiin : of .uproarious ... pillow-battles ;. and - have,, smuggled. 'liirta .and; lemonade. at night .';: and, tamib' rahbitA- where no rabbite should bo; and a profound hero-worship for the captain of the icliool!1 ileycn; arid .'excursions'' out of bounds, 'when his excess. o£ pocket-money, would cnnble' iiiinto stand -treat all round ? ? '. Why not ?' this friend of ;lri!i, used to say. 'Wns it bo very impossible ' ifbr1 oiio'.'to. get back tho cares and interests, tlic ambitions, the amusements, thchigh 8yjrita of one's boyhood ?' -:And if he, now, w^rb'tokcllher that i a fur greater miracle had .h^ppcn'cd to himself ? That at an ago' .when he had. fancied he had done and seen most things, .worth doing and.soeing ; when thopast seemed; to1 contain everything worth having, and there was nothing left but to try how the tedious hours 'coiiid'he got 'over ;' wlien a, listless ennitt was c^tiiig'h'iB 'very. .heart out— that he ;should, bo iprcsenteifas'it/.were with a now lease of life,, wjtti stirring hopes and activo interests,' with a . |n«W'aind'bch'u.tiful faith, -with ti work that was a joy in' itself; whether any reward was to be or'' .no'.l'vAnd surely lie i co'uld'not fail' to' express jo , Lord jjfelyn and to ierself his gratitado-for th'ui'i Btraiigtf thing.' i ':-.'.- ?? : ?;?- ; r '? .?:::?'.;: . iTHfee 'arb'/but the harsh;', outlines of what, s(jifar'i'jIiewrd&r;!,but:thefe5vasafeeljng in itf-7; a! touch of gladness and of pathos here and there— that. had . never . boforo ibeen in any. of; his Writing; aiid of which ho1 was 'himself'-- un wnsciouB: '-.'?, ?'? ,,''*./;..:,' ' '.]'.'']'. ;Bufc'at this' poijit lie paused, Vand his breathing, gjow tiuick, n^twaa so difficult to.\jrrito -in 'these measured terms. .. When he' resumed, ho wroto ?njorpjrapidly;^ : ???''?? ?- ?-..??; ^ ; ; 1 ? yipit ', wpuiler, he made bold to ask her, if amid all Una -bewildering change, somo still., strangerdream of what might bo possible in the j future shonldbavo taken posession of him ? She I and he were leagued in sympathy as regarded : thjo_chief object of their lives ; it was her voieo : that had iiispircd hiin ; might ho not hope that | tliey. should go forward together, in close friend- 1 ship at least/ if there could be nothing more? 1 ?Aod as tb that something more, was there no hope ) He; could give himself no grounds for , aiyauch hope ; andyet^so much had happened tcj him, and mostly through her, that he could set no limit to' the possibilities of happiness thai lay inj ? hor generouB hiuids. When he saw her ! amongst otjh'ers, ho despaired ; when ho thought ', of- her alone, and of the gentleucsa of her heart, ae dared to hope. And if this declaration of his ?h-Sis distressing to her, how easy it was for her to dismiss and' forget it. If he had uarcd too much, he had himself to blame. In any case she need not fear that her refusal should have the effect of dissociating them in those wider interests and sympathies to which he had pledged himself Ho was not one to draw back. And if ho had alarmed or offended her, ho appealed to her charity— to that great kindness which nlie seemed eager to extend to all living creatures. How could such a vision of possible happiness have arisen in his mind without his making 0110 effort, how ever desperate, to realise it ? At tho worst, she Would forgive. ; This was in brief the substanco of what ho jivrotc ; but when, after' many an anxious re reading, ho put'the letter in an envelope, he wns miserably conscious 'how little it conveyed of all the. hope and desiro that had hold of his heart. But then, ho. argued with himself, if the in clined her ear so -far, surely he would have other and better opportunities of pleading with her: wherpnu. if hp Imrl Tt**nn .l»-rtnm.nrt «f impossibilities, then : he aiid she would meet tho more easily in the future that he had uot given too Tcliement an expression to all the love and admiration he felt for her. Ho could not sacri ficohor friendship also— her society— the chances o,f listening from time to time to the musical, low, soft. voice. ? . . ? Carrying, this fateful letter in his hand, he VOiit downstairs and out into the cool night air. 4.nd lipv} he was . haunted by a hundred fears. 'Again and again he wao on tho point of turning back to add something,, to alter something, to find some phrase that would appeal more closely i$ licr heart , And then all of a sudden he 'con vinced himself-.that ho should not have written at fell. Why not have- gono. to see her— at any risk.— to lilciid with herself J But then ho would have had to write to beg (or ate-el-(c% inter view ; '.and would not that bo more distinctly alarming. than -tins-roundabout epistle, ? which Vint! ; mcant'^tb convey so ' much indirectly ? Filially, he arrived at the pillar letter-box ; and this indisputable fact brought an end to his cogi tations. If ho had gone 'walking onwarde, he Ivould'have wasted.tho night in fruitless c-ounscl. He.would have repeated again and again the sen tenccshe had used ; striven to picture- her as she jtcad ; wondered if he ought not still to go baek and strerigthun his prayer. But now it was to bo yespr no. Well, ho posted the letter ; and then he breathed more freely. Tho die was cast, for good or ill. , . And, indeed, no sooner was tho thing done than his spirits rose considerably ; and he widlted on with a lighter heart. Thin solitary London all lamp-lit and silent, was a beautiful city' 'Schlaf Kliy.und suss,' the soft stirring of tho night wind seemed to nay : let her not dread the message the morning would bring ! He thought of the other cities idic must havo visited ; and' if —ah, the dream of it !— if he and oho were to go away together to behold the glories of the moon light 011 the lagoon, and the wonders of tho sun rise among tho hills ! Ho had scon in Koino he remembered, a wonderful coronet of dibits would not that do for tho beautiful black masses of hair? Or. pearls? She did not appear to havo much jewellery. Or rather— seomi- «!,,« such things oro possibl6 between husband and wife-would sho not accept the value, anil far more thnn tho value, of any jewellery sho could desire, to be given away in acts of UinducKs? That would bo nior-3 like. Natalie. He walked on, his- heart full of an audacious joy. For now this was tho picture before him— a Buckinghamshire hill ; a red ,md white house among the beeches ; and a spacious lawn lookino out on the /ar and wooded plain, with it.s vil lagcs, and spires and tiny curls of smoko. And this foreign young lady become an English hondc mistress, proud of her nectarines and°pineai-pl-V proud of her Hungarian hoiscs, proud of the quiet and comfort of the homo she can offer to her friends, when they come for a space to rest ?from their lpfors.^i .;:.(? ?;Schlaf,s-:i;guni \ ?'til&sl;' the* niglit SviridBoemedtb say, 'Tij - white morning is bringing with it a message I' i ' To him. the morning brought an, end .to all '** :thcso golden dreams of tho night. Tho reaotioa ^ bad net, in. His old misgivings returned with I redoubled force. For one thing, there was a: f letter' from' Roitzei, saying, that. the man Kirst; ' I had at length consented to, begin to work at h'u 1 trade, and that Miss Lind need fear no.'furilier I .annoyance; and* somehow he did not like to sso ' -i her nanie written in'jthis foreign way .of writing. I Sho Dblonged to these foreigners; her cares and i intercaU wero not those of: one who would fed at I homo in that Buckinghamshire homo ; she was ^ remote^; And, of coursoj in hor manifold wamlc'r- H ings^in Uiosp hotels in which she, had to pass H the day, when her father was absent at his secret '& .inlorViows— howcouldshoavoid making acquaint. ? ance ? Eveh: amqng::thoso' numerous fricmls of k. herfathor's, there miist havo been soino one here I or jthcro to accompany hor in her drives in tlio )' 'Prater, inher ovonings atLa Scala, in her mom- * .ing walk along tho Chiaja.1 'Ho remembered ' ?how-'Eohiom hbhad scon her; shomight havo '''' ?manyniorp frieuds. in London than, ho had drpamed of., :. Who could soo her, and remain. ' blind to her 'beauty;? Who could know l,cr, [and rcmairt'insonkible to tho; fascination of hu enthusiasm'/ her'fa'.tk in' tho right, her courage, licr hopoV her frank fxiendship; with* those wlm ?would help J'.1.1'''-' , .-;. '„?? j. .' : Hp- was impatient with the veteran Waters ' , , this morning ;' and Waters was himself fraetioni, I and! inclined! to resent sarcasm; ' Ho hiiil ju-t i heard from Buckinghamshire that his substitute [ had, for some reason or other* entrusted the kcis ' of the' wine-cellar to ona of the housemaids ; anil l ? that tuat industrious person had soized iheoppor- ' tnhitytp tilt up all the port-wiiip ' she could lay her handB on in order to polish, tho bpttlce witlia duster. ? '?* ' ? ' ?'-'?? -.-?..? '-.?.;;.- ;--, ' Well,' said his mastpr,' '-I siipposd she col. lected the cobwebs and sold thpin to a wino-mcr. chant : they would be invaluable.'' Waters :said. nothing;; but rosolycd to have a word with the young woman' when*bo went down. Tlie morning wns fine ; in any caso Brand coulj not havo borne tho^listrcss of waiting in all -1 iy, on tho chance ( of her' reply coining^' He I id to be moving.' Ho walko'd up' to, ^Lisic-strcl, , and saw Eeitzei, on tho'protoxt ' of. talking about ifi™ti. ? '-?? ? '; ?-??'? ??'?????'-? v-.-. ? 'Xind will Va] back in a weBk;''said'the pallil I faced sinart'ybung man.1 ^ ,' He writes with great I satisfaction, which'alwaysiheanssymctliihg in his . case. ; I should not wonder i£ h'e aiid Lis duu^li I ter went to live in the States.' '?'??? I '' Oh, indeeil,' Siiid Brand; coldly; but tlio j words made his heart tremble.' ' '? ' ' I ',Ycs. Audit you would only go through the j remaining degrees, you might take his place— j who knows?' ? . : ? ;, I ''Who knows, indeed ?' said Brand. 'Bntl don't covet the honor.' ? ': ? ':;. '? -.- There was something in his tono which maJe tho other look up. ' ,: ..... . ', V.. ' ' I mean the responsibility;' he said, ciukkly. ' You see,' obsurvod Reitzei, leaning u.ick in I his chair, 'one mustaJmityou aro having ratlicr I hard lines. Your work U invaluable to us-UnJ is most proud of it— but it is tedious and difficult; eh ? Now if they were to give you something lite the bynan business ? ' ' What is that?' 'Oh, only one of tho many duties the Society has undertaken,' said Reitzei, carelessly. 'Hot that I approve because the people, arc Christian; it is becauso thej- are numerically weak : ami tlio Mahometans treat them shamefully. There isno one knows about it ; no one to imiko a rowatat it ; and tho Government won't lot the ixwr wretches import arms to defend themselves Very well : very well, messieurs ! But jour Government allow the importation of guira for sport.. Ha! and then, if one can find money, anil an ingenious English firm to make rifle barrels lo fit into the storting-gun stock, can you convciva any greater fun than smuggling thc30 barrels into tho country ? My dear fellow, it is glorious : 'to could havo fivo hundred 'volunteers V Hut at tlia same time I say your work in more \alliallo to us. ' No 0110 but an Englishman could do it. Every one knows of your success.' Brand thanked ReiUel for hia good nuiuionj and rather absently took up his hat, i.nd IJk Instinctively ho mado his way wcst»arJ. Ho was suro U seo herjat a distance, taking Ibis morning stroll of hers : might he not guess some- j thing from her face as to what her reply would ( be ? Sho could not havo written so huon , tfti would, he know, bo gontly worded. In any case, he would see her ; and if l-« ? answer gave hope, it would bo tho last tirao on ( which ho ivonld follow that graceful figure Um j afar with his eyes, and wonder to hirawlf vl\\\ tholow and musical voice was saying to Annth. And a-s hij walked on, ho grew more and u'1' down-hearted. It was a certainty that out of ill those friends of her father's, some one miibl luW dreamed of possessing this beautiful pria: to his own. When, after not much waiting, he saw NiUie and Anncli cross into the Park, ho hail W reasoned himself into despair that he ww ''' surprised — at least, ho triod to convinco hunsd' that ho was not surprised— to perceive th.it til former was accompanied by a stranger, the littls Scrinan maidservant walking not nuito withtl'11 and yet not altogether behind thcra. lie *»n^ almost have expected this; and yet- Ins -?)-» seemed hot; and he had some difficulty in to'1!! to make out who this might be. At at tuu gft-* distance ho could only gather thathow.i3 to^'fi' in appearance, and that ho wore a jicakiJ til'10 place of a hat. Ilo. dared not follow thom now ; ami Iio »'! about to turn away when ho saw Natali' a r'v companion motion to her to sit down 011 ono « the seat?. Ucsat down, too ; and ho ioui ^a hand.andhclditiuhis. What then? This man looking on from a distancs, mil «il' a bitter heart, had no thought against her '?' it not natnroforso beautiful :i girl to havcaloij' Hut that this fellow— this forci-ncr-sliouM * grade her by treating boras if sho wcte a niintrJ' maid flirting with ono of the solJiew I'M* '' j bai-racks down there, this filled him with l-t{* ncba and hatrcrl. Ilo turned and walked »«'' i with a firm top. ' Ho tad iio ill thouglite ol Iier,_ i waatcVcr'incsSago slip migtt Bond -him. At tho 1 worst diohad'bcMi'gohero'ua'tp Trim ;sh0 had i filled his lifowi'tfc lovo and.hopo ; sho had given 1 biraafuiurc.' ;,I£;thi3:dream wore shftttcrca, at B irastlicco'uldHurn olsowhero, and; say, -'..' labor m lothctiniy good.' . ?'? :, : .; :'. : ,.-? \\-:'.^j m jloanwliile, o£ this strangor? -He had -indeed m token Natalie Lind's.haud in his; and Natalie lot i it rotnain there, ?without hesitation;. :'^ K ('jry Jittlo' daughter,''said lio'to her, in m Italian, 'I could have, recognised you by your K bands.' You hava tie handB,of your mother :jio S one in tho world had more beautiful hands than » eU bad. And how I wilt, toil you about hor, il 1 yonpromiBonotto'dryahyniore:''' ' ' ' ' :; S It was Calabressa. who spoke. .; . . ( . .: 