TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17th, 18S0. ; Extreme pressure upon our space compels us to withhold the leading article and a large number of advertisements. Keuter telegraphs this morning that the British manufacturers are disinclined to for ward goods to the Melbourne International Exhibition, as our protective tariff would prevent them establishing markets for them here. It is rumored that Mr Parnell, the Irish agitator, contemplates a visit to Aus tralia and India. j The Chief Secretary and his colleagues, Messrs Johnstone and Keruot, had a very successful meeting at the Breakwater town ship last evening. The late representatives for Geelong were enthusiastically received, and at the termination of the meeting a unanimous vote of confidence in the three Liberal .candidates was passed. An ex haustive address was delivered by Mr Berry, being a continuation of his opening speech to the electors of the constituency, a full report of which will be fonnd elsewhere. We publish elsewhere a letter from Mr Smithera, the gentleman who wrote to the hon. George Higinbotham requesting him to oppose Mr Berry at Geelong. Although Mr Smithera did not give us the information we published yesterday, he now informs us that the statement we made is substantially cor rect. The "original" letter, it seems, was " borrowed" from Mr Smithera by Mr Dicker Hamilton, who has refused to make restitu tion of it. It is probable, we understand, that legal proceedings will he instituted for its recovery. On the other band Mr Smithera is threatened with "fearful" consequences if he dares to move further in the matter. J It is a very pretty quarrel as it stands. About two hundred of the electors of Gee long West assembled in the Town-hall, Pakington-street, last night, to hear Messrs Connor, Lawes, and - Andrews express their political views. The meeting was tolerably quiet, though from the first it was apparent that the majority or those present were an tagonisticto the candidates. At tire same time they were listened to pntientH*, and though there were frequent interruptions they were of a good-natured description. After several questions had been put to the candidates and answered by them, a vote of confidence was proposed by Captain Sayers. Scarcely ouo third of those present voted in it3 favor, and on the contrary votes being asked for, the remaining two-thirds of those present held np their hands. Notwithstanding this very decided expression of opinion, the chair man of the meeting, the Mayor of Geelong West (Mr Donaghy), declared the meeting to ho in favor of the candidates. The adjonrned monthly meeting of the general committee of the Free library was held last night, when there were present— Messrs Thomas (in the chair), Dick, O'Brien, Crooke, Tipton, Short, Purdie, Kerley, Ander son, Matthews, Nicol, Pride, Owen, Davey, and Ryan. The financial statement was read, showing a credit balance of £9 93 Sd. Ac counts amounting to £23 as 4d were passed ior payment. A cordial vote o£ thanks •was accorded to Mr XV. Hitchcock, of London, for his valuable donation of books to the Institnte ; and votes of thanks were also passed to the Borough Council of Gee long West, and the Shire Council of South Barwon, for their donations of £5 oa and £2 2s respectively. Messrs Anderson and Crook were appointed the Visiting Committee for the month. The Finance Committee were empowered to expend 10s in fitting rings to the lamp-posts in front of the Library, for the benefit of horsemen. The Secretary was instructed to write to the Executive Com mittee of the Exhibition, requesting them to devote one night to the funds of the Library.. The Committee then adjourned. At noon yesterday, Mr Henry Meakin, the Independent candidate for Geelong, lodged with the deputy returning officer, Mr J. M. Garratt, his deposit of £30 as an earnest of his intention to go to the polk domina tions of candidates must be made at 10 a.in. and 4 p.m. each day nntil Friday, when they may be made between 10 a-m. and 6 p.m. Mr Meakin will commence to address the electors next Monday at the Breakwater. • Owing mainly to the astuteness of Sergeant O'ileare, the man William Gainger, who so successfully imposed upon a publican and a storekeeper at Geelong, and a lady at Queens cliff, received his deserts at the Police Court yesterday. It will be remembered that when he was first brought before the Bench the case was adjourned in order to secure fur ther evidence against him than had then been obtained. This the sergeant ferretted ont, and yesterday he proved that it was by means of representing himself to be what he was not that Gainger succeeded in duping the three parties mentioned. He also dis covered that there were two warrants ont at Melbourne for his arrest for larceny. Under these circumstances, the prisoner was sen tenced to - twelve months' imprisonment. He will shortly have to go to Melbourne to answer to the charges preferred against him there. ' A man named James Bice, G7 years of age, a resident of Bream Creek, whilst fol lowing ont his occupation as a wood-cutter, fell from-his dray, and sustained a rather severe contusion of his chest. He was brought in to the Geelong Hospital, where his injuries were attended to. Some little amusement was created a^the Police Court yesterday by a farmer named Philip Looker, whose eccentricities in street preaching frequently cause annoyance on Saturdays. He was summoned for neglect ing to send one of his girls to school the number of days required by the Education Act. On answering to his name he stepped forward,; and raising a Bible towards the ceiling, exclaimed, "Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost" This induced a question from Mr Heron as to whether the man was mad, a supposition which Looker indignantly denied. He ad mitted that the girl had not attended the thirty days required by the Act, but said that he kept her away because tbe schoolmaster was cruel to ber. Mr Heron informed Lira that any complaint of that nature should be made to the Board of Advice, and should they neglect to enquire into it, to the Minister of Education. Mr Looker then urged that be thought if the girl attended school 60 days out of the half year it would not matter if she neglected the first quarter. This plea Mr Heron told the defendant he did not believe, and fined him accordingly 5?, with 2s fid costs. As Mr Looker continued to protest against the action of the Bench, characterising the Court as a place of imposition and not of justice, he was imprisoned until the rising of the Court, when he was liberated on payment of the fine. • There were 147 prisoners in the Geelong Gaol on Saturday, of whom 100 were males, 43\. females, and 4 children. . During the week preceding 18 males and 2 females were, received, and fi males and 4 females were discharged. The following new insolvency schedule was filed with the Chief "Clerk at Geelong yesterday :—Walter Pearl, of Marshnlltown, horsehreaker. Causes of insolvency—Want of employment, losses in buying and selling horses, and pressure of creditors. Debts, £47 Os 2d; assets, £fi ; deficiency, £41 0s 2d. A tea meeting in connection with the an niversary of the Pakington-street Primitive Methodist Church, was held last night, and was well attended. The tables, which were liberally supplied, and tastefully laid , out with viands, were presided over by Mes dames Dickins, Bichardson, Harrison, and Hunt, and the. Misses Everett, Mitchell and Mooney. After the tea the church was fairly filled at the public meeting, which was presided over by Mr W. .J. Beid. Addresses suitable, to the occasion were delivered by the Revs. J. Standrin (of Melbourne), 0. L. Green, G. Watts, and W. Hunt, and Messrs Owen and Lemon. The treasurer's state meat, which was read by Mr Harrison, showed that the year's, expenses had been met, and that there was a balance to the credit of the church of £23. During the evening the choir, under the leadership of Mr Everett, added to the pleasure of those present by rendering in a creditable manner snitable selections of sacred music. Miss Kennedy presided acceptably at the harmonium. It is expected that as a result of the anniver sary eflort the Church's funds will be in creased by about £1S. There was a good attendance at the Ex hibition last night, and a very attractive musical programme was provided. The vocalists were Miss A. Douglass, Miss K. M'Pherson, and Miss M. M'Pherson, all of whom were well received. A pianoforte duet between the Misses Bennett and Ashmore was tastefully played and duly applauded. During the afternoon Miss K. Pardey and the Misses A. and E. Davison performed on the piano. A greater treat than usual is promised shortly for the visitors at the Exhibition. For some time the Exhibition band and chorus have been assiduously rehearsing that pretty operetta, "The Merrie Men," and from the known perseverance and taleot of many of our vocalists and musicians, the in tended performance will, without doubt, i prove a success. A supplement to the Government Gazette, published on Saturday, contains a list of the returning officers and the polling places for all the electoral districts. Over 7000 valentines passed through the Ballarat Post Office on Friday, and on Saturday the letter carriers were engaged until a late hour. A photographed £5-note was passed at a shop in George-street, Sydney, on Fri- day night, and was not discovered until it was presented at the A.J.S. Bank on Saturday. Many others are believed to be about. Another issue of the Firebrand, an ob scene print, which was suppressed last Thursday, v.as brought out and sold to the public on Saturday. The issue has most of the objectionable matter taken out of it, and was sold at the enormons price of a shilling. The police were unable to take any steps. Private letters received in Adelaide by the Deccan state that the Bev. Charles Clark had been lecturing to very large audiences in Bristol, Nottingham, and other considerable English towns. In the old country, as in the colonies, "The Tower of London " and "Charles Dickens" appear to be among the talented lecturer's most popular subjects. A man, who at one time did good service to the colonies, if his tale be true, appeared before the City Bench on Saturday as a vagrant. He stated that he was engaged some years ago with Forrest, the explorer, hot recently, since his stay in Melbourne subsequent to his return from Perth, Wes tern Australia, he had found himself devoid of the means of sustenance. That bis asser tion regarding his previous career was true would appear to be confirmed by the fact that there were found in his possession letters written to him bv Mr Forrest. He was in a very weak and prostrate condition, and the Bench decided to remand him for a week for medical treatment. Probably, in the interim some provision will be made for his future employment and maintenance. On the voyage of the ship Border Chief, from London to Melbourne, an iceberg of very large proportions was seen in lat. 47deg. S. and Jon. 52deg. E. This ice island was considered to be about 250ft. high and abont five miles in length. The Border Chief passed withirt seven mile3 of it, and although the water was gauged to try its temperature, there was little or no differ ence found. The Border Chief was orlgi ually a Scotch clipper, but daring the late depression in shipping property, she, along with several other vessels, passed iuto the i hands of German owners. Some excitement was caused at Fcotscray on Friday and Saturday in consequence of its becoming known that bailiffs on behalf of the Bank of Kew South Wales were at tempting to seize the jute works, the pro perty of Mr T. M'Pherson. It appears that the bailiffs, two in number, made their ap pearance at the works on Thursday even ing, and sought fo enter the premises, but Mr M'Pherson, manager, at once closed the doors of the building and frustrated the at tempt. The bailiffs, however, got into the back yard, and have remained there ever since. Their position is by no means a com fortable one, as there are no outbuildings to afford any protection from the werther. I he works have remained closed since Thnrsday, and no further attempt has been made by the bailifis to enter. During the first three weeks of the run ning of trains on the Goulburn Valley line, namely, from the 14th January to the 7th February, inclusive, the wheat traffic has been something surprising, and the returns furnished to the department demonstrate morestrongly the fertility of thatdistrict than has been done heretofore by ani other agency. The quantity despatched between the dates mentioned was 90,155 bushels, and it was punctually and well conveyed by the de partment. "It happens" writes the Age, "that there is an excellent precedent for holding the elections on Saturday. In the Argus of Monday, 12th August, 1SG1, ~ appeared the following :—' On Saturday last Melbourne' and the neighboring municipalities gave themselves np almost exclusively to the busi ness of electioneering. From ten o'clock to tour o'clock—the opening to the closing of the poll—cabs and carriages in the interests of the vari< ns candidates filled the streets, and round the polling places groups of eager and excited partisans spent the day." And one of the results of this filling of the streets with eager and excited partisans was the return of the late Mr.Cohen—a ' Hebrew of the Hebrews'—for East Melbourne ! The great ' Conservative ' journal was support ing Mr Cohen on thatoccasion ; and though it devoted a whole column of abuse to Mr Richard Heales in its ' leading article," it strangely.forgot how the 'poor Jews' had been compelled to do violence to their , con sciences and vote for their co-religionist. Let us have "no more nonsense' about the Saturday's'poll." The body of a female infant about six weeks old was found on Sunday in a dam near Mount Bolton. On investigating the matter the police found that the child, named Amy Thompson, was the illegitimate daughter of a domestic servant named Mary Thompson, who had been recently in the service of Mr Wright, of Mount Bolton, and she admitted.to the police having gone to the dam,stripped the clothing from the child and thrown it into the water alive. It is reported that just at the present time there are a large number of bad note3 in cir culation in the colony, and within the last few days a number of them have been passed at Ararat. As it is more than likely (re marks the P. C. ATeics) some of the. eame kind may find their way to Stawell, it will be well for local tradesmen to be on their guard ; and_we repeat the caution. The Stawell district has always been famed for the excellence of the peaches grown in it, and there is evidently some thing in the soil or the climate, or both, that is specially suitable for this fruit. On Saturday we (P. C. ATeics) were shown.a splendid sample by M r Jones, fruiterer. They were grown by Mr Francois Gehan, of Lake Lonsdale. As the quantity was about a hundredweight, the fruit conld not have been picked for any special purpose, and they were really wonders in their way, averaging little under a quarter of a pound each. An . Italian soldier, named Mariotti, had recently to be-taken to a hospital in Florence for sickness, and was discovered to be a woman. She entered the army at the be ginning of the struggle with Austria, in 1S65, to save her. brother, a married man with six children, and had served ever since, receiving a medal for bravery in the Aus trian war. King- Humbert presented her with the cross of his order, and directed her discharge on a pension. We (O. and if. Advertiser) learn that the Chinaman, Ah Ping, who at the present time is confined in the Beechworth Gaol, awaiting trial for the murder of Ah Tern, on or about the 2nd inst., at the Bald Gills, near Stanley, has, since his arrest on Mon day week, steadfastly refused to taste either food or drink, and al3o has not uttered a syll able—either in the Chinese or English langu age, although with both of them he is conver sant. He is evidently struck with remorse at having committed the fonl deed with which he is charged ; and, as is frequently the case with others of his countrymen when placed in a similar position, is attempt ing to starve himself to death. A novel scheme \s projected to settle the indebtedness oF New Orleans. A number of citizens offer to form an association that will pay air the present claims against the city, provided it will assign to the company all ; delinquent tax-bills, besides transferring I whatever franchises and property it posses ses, which are not already dedicated beyond power of alienation to public uses, such as ; public market?, wharfs, ferries, waterworks, ) and various real and personal property. At the Emerald Hill Police Court on Saturday, Malcolm M'Gilivray (head State j school teacher) was summoned by Carl Heil but, a pupil, aged 13, for assault, on the 29th ult. It appeared the hoy had stolen a hat belonging to another, or it had been mischievously pinned, to his hack, and thus unknowingly carried away by him. He afterwards came openly to school with the hat on, and said that three hats had been stolen from himself. For this alleged fault he was called up for punishment. The lad wanted to explain the matter, but, according to his own statement, which was not contra dicted, he was nofc listened to, and was sum marily ordered to hold out his hand for caning. This lie refused to do, and he threa tened the defendant with a summons if he got a caniDg. The defendant then gave him eighteen strokes on the back with the cane, and a dozen on the hands. Dr. IfHa attended the boy, and found his back covered with bruises, and the hands greatly swollen and inflamed. The doctor described the punish ment as having been " very severe." The case was dismissed. 