the peerybingle papers.. There must be a screw loose in our jury men system. It wants fixing up, like Berry1 s Reform Bill. A new lock, stock, and barrel. This oDinion is forced upon me from the fact that it took 150 jurymen to try seven larrikins this week. Now, these 150 jurymen wete empanelled and sworn in, /and, therefore,' were entitled to something between 5s. and half-a-sovereign each from the State. Inever was a juryman but once, and then it was on the grand jury. We disagreed, so I can't say what is the exact price of a "commoner," but, to split the difference, we will say 7s. Gd. Now, 150 " enlightened men" at 7s. Gd. means £56 5s., ot a trifle over £8 per larrikin. This is Altogether too much for trying such scum as appeared before Judge Molesworth. j It seems to me a strange law that will permit ; these rowdies to challenge a whole panel of - 150 jurymen, and put the country to a lot of j endless expense, more especially when it is j remembered that the prisoners were let off j with the very light sentence of six months and twelve months. But law always was a funny thing to make out. According to what is in the English papers,; Victoria doesn't seem to be figuring very : well in the eyes of the old folks at home. There is an account of the way in which the bushranger Dc Thouar stuck up thirty station hands with an empty revolver. A London paper makes a lot of fun out of this, j and thinks that the Gippsland settlers must j be a very plucky lot. Then another penny- J a-liner draws attention to that little affair of j Fergusson and the hair dye. It has got the j particulars pat enough, and makes the most 1 of them. The way the hook was thrown : about, and struck a' member "edgeways," is , given with great gusto. Then it describes ; the Hon. Thomas Bent as " an innocent and \ inoffensive member" which,' of course, the : Hon. Tom will duly appreciate. Fergus- j son of course catches it very hot, as he ; deserved to ; but still these little " inci- \ dents" are right enough to read and laugh aff ! in Victoria, but in a great city like London, j where we have to go now and then to borrow , a few millions to tide us over pay day, they j don't do us Victorians any good, nor do they ; give the capitalists any confidence in our | integrity. Thank goodness, there is no fear j of any more book-heaving in the House, as the gentleman who excels in that art will for ever, I hope, remain " stationery" outside it. J So Ghost Pepper has been trying "to j improve the occasion" and business at the same time, by opening on Sundays and ; lecturing on the big bear and. the roaring- j boring ale-house. Pepper, it seems, has not j secured a permit to extract two bob a head ! out of his hearers for telling them that | " the firmament deolares the glory," etc., so j the police are going to stop his .Sunday i trading. Henceforward, if he is anxious /to .<j do business on Sunday, he will have to do/ like other itinerant preachers, and hand ' round the plate. They wouldn't let Emma and Lotti, and the other dear creatures do, it, so why should the ghost man be . privileged ? Why should he, say I ? "What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. Not that I mean to hint that Emma and Lotti were geese, or that the Professor is an old gander. Oh, dear, no! What a magic power there must be in that word " Christian." It is chucked about now in the most permiskuous mimnp.r in advertisements. If a girl wants a place she says "a Christian family preferred." The chances are that the little hypocrite gets into a Christian house hold, and then robs her missus of half-a- dozen pocket- handkerchiefs and two or three bottles of hair oil. The latest thing, however, in the "Christian" line appears .in an adver- . tisement this week, in which " a Christian man is wanted as a partner with £1,000 cash, 10 per cent, on investment guaranteed." Now, it strikes me that 'this is 'coming the Christian business just a leetle too strong. It isn't the partner "here, but It's the £1,000 Clash would be the real Christian. _ How quietly those Berryites manage the testimonial business. They always contrive to bring Ihe affair off withput the other side knowing anything about the .value, of the present. On Tuesday night, Mr. E, J. Dixon, the rejefcted member for St. Kilda, was pre- sented with a testimonial. The affair was kept very dark, and the only newspaper re presented . was the exrsubsidised one. - It wonldfiit-have done to have invited the two Afinisjrial papers to send reporters, or it frnight have leaked out how much the purse contained. .Of course, Dixon had io he overcome," and; declare it was " the proudest moment- of his life," Everybody feels proud when they have & purse of sovereigns' giyen to th&m; —provided, o that the »cient "hasn't 6ubscribbi- lhtffldvewaghB Mkse0 a m very often fthfc T ease in Bentastuaohials; Therenriha one of the, $W<Bt " to ckr Gardiner, !; M.L.A., whepihgqest had, to provide the liquor. Well, after. Mr EvT.i Dixon lad | assured ther"subsbribers" that he was "quite ; overcome" (the correct thing, E. JM at aR occasions of tips kind), he said . that, as a ! rule, he seldom found any diffieultymgiving expression to his feelings. Quite true, x>ld " man;' as Councillor Harrison must have dis covered long before this, when you told him. you would smash his -r — f aceso that his ! j mother wouldn't know him. Not a little bit j of difficulty in giving expression to >your feel- j ings. Quite unnecessary to have assured' I your friends of that fact, my dear E. J. j They have, only to read the Prahran Police j Court record to be perfectly certain on that | score. Then.jas a wind-up to his speech, the j worthy toWn councillor is reported to have said ! that "there were occasions in his career when \ he thought he should have been able to retire j upon an independence." This must have I been when he was on a Wattle Bark Com- \- mission, visiting a lunatic asylum, and draw- iug £300 a year as member. Well, looking ; at all these pickings, I must say that Mr. E. | J. Dixon stood a very good show of becoming | independent. But things are changed now, and E. J. will have to do as many a 'better man has done before him— work for a living. It may "not be generally known to the parents of the young gentlemen who go to school at places along the railway line that the youthful scions go in very extensively for | the fragrant Weed. The smoking carriage is about the only place where the young rascals are secure from being discovered by their parents. There is no chance of their mothers interrupting the ten draws, and giving them a good smacking. It's one of the funniest things out to watch a colonial schoolboy oh his first pipe. After carefully filling up, and lighting a match by rubbing it on a certain part of bis unmentionables, the -youngster commences to pull away. He leans back in his seat for two minutes, looking the very picture of dignified repose. Then he begins to fidget about and look oat of the window. He observes that " It's a fine day," While all ! the time he feels it" is about the worst time he ; ever spent in his life. Then, little lamps of ; sweat pop out over his forehead, and he gets I kind of serious— wears a troubled look as if he ! had a big'biil to meet on the 4th. Thenvhe ! gives a dry sort of cough, and gradually feels i as if he was playing humming-top, and he | was the top. After another cough or two his ! head pops out of the window, and then there are cries of " New Yoark, New Yoark," with a sort of mumbled " Oh ! dear, oh!" Then he puts the pipe in its case, swallows a couple of aromatic pills to clear away the smell of the tobacco before interviewing mamma, and eventually declares that smoking is not at all in his line. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 