Halvans, Dredge, and Bests. « [This is not for miners only, though itmayhavaa smatch as belonging to the dressing-floor; it may be read anywhere and by anybody. That ia th* graeious permission we give.] » A CLERKSHIP in' the Municipal Council of Sydney must be a very desirable position or there are a great number of clerks out of employment in New South Wales, seeing that there were no fewer than five hundred applications last week for five appointments. MR. JUSTICE STEPHEN recently attempted to enlighten an English Jurv on the subject of insanity. He said "by the law of the country people were either sana or insane, and that there was no middle class of persons on the borderlandbut farther en he admitted that in insanity " there was a borderland in which there was considerable latitude for opposite opinions." Brown thinks the learned Judge must be a dweller in the " borderland." MB. GATEHOUSE, an Ex-Mayor of Melbourne, who has recently bad to pay £50 for assaulting a fishermanat Queenscliff is reported to have informed the Magistrates, before whom he was tried, that he regarded "a capacity for getting drunk as a proof ©f inteifect. It was only a man who had brains who could drink." We confess we have never looked at the matter in this light before, and can scarcelv understand it yet, except it be that a man's brains are in his stomach. WE have learned from the <f Science notes" in the Register, that flies veiy often die of " entdmophthorus fungus," a delicate white mass of mould or fungus which attaches itself to the fly and sucks its life out. We don't wonder at a fly dying of any disease with such a horridly long name as the above, but we do wonder at anything that can be called a « delicate white" substanee being able to sustain a name ao nearly a yard long. BOI.TING over the Border without going through the formality of paying ones creditors, and after having realised on all available assets, appears to be getting quite fashionable at Mount Gambier. The Border Watch relates that,—" Having disposed of his most cumbrous good among his friends, Mr. A. Wheaton, Sturt-Street, set out on Wednesday for the Border, which he safely crossed. We are told that he interviewed the Victorian mailman on Thursday, and took some credit to himself for the way in which he had performed the feat. He was particularly elated in that, among others, he had victimised his lawyer, whom he left a creditor for £5. This is the first case we have heard of a bolter getting over his lawyer 3 perhaps if we had a few more we should get the law altered to make bolting more risky and less profitable. It is monstrous that a man should be able, after a journey of twelves miles from Mount Gambier, to turn around and laugh at people he robs, who were good-natured enongh to believe him to be honest." IT appears that there are still a great ^ number of ghosts seen in this lower world, but as most people (except the favored few to whom the visitors from the other world make themselves known) are sceptical about these spiritual appearances, the " seers" have been somewhat diffident, and have not cared to make know their "experiences/' Now, however, that Dr. Jessop, the late head- master of the Norwich Grammer School, w ho recently published the account of his adventure with the ghost of Lord Orford, has had the temerity to avow himself a believer in ghosts, he has been floodedwith such a number of ghost stories from all sorts of correspondents, that he has determined to give a selection of them to the world in a volume that will be shortly published. People who love instariestha "hajrow up the soul" and make the blood run cold, will probably have plenty in the promised volume to enable them to revel in the mysterious to their heart's content. Miss BRADDON, in the epilogue to one of her most recent novels gives a resume of the alterations that have taken place in the world in the last decade. She says— u Society has grown more artistic, and perhaps- uiore artificial. To the old-fashioned port-and-sherry period has cucceeded a milder age of i hock and claret. Men drink less, | women more. The value of a sovereign ! has diminished by 30 per cent. Every body worth speaking 1 of is rich, j Everybody worth mention has newly i frirnished his house, and taken to col- j lecting old china." Aw action for libel brought by John Bradford, landlord of the " Nag's Head " Hobart Town, against the Rev. Barnard Butchers, B.A., Wesleyan Minister, hps lately been tried. The alleged libel was contained in a letter u written by the defendant and published in the Hobart Town Mercury protesting against the action of the Licensing Bench in renewing the license of the o r ' s Head" hotel, and vigorously e exposing " the character or the house as simply infamous." The trial occupied two days, and resulted in a verdict for t D B the defendant. Tn commenting on the case the Mercury says:—" The defendant, Mr; Butchers, deserves the thanks of the right thinking portion of the community for the sturdy independence ^ with which he first did battle with sin in high places, upholding his principles against the backsliding of a packed bench, and also lor his having unflinchingly refused to be deterred from maintaining his high position when confronted with the cost, the annoyance, the uncertainty of a law suit, and we doubt not some means will be taken to express public sym- ' pathy and approval." ^——II in g — a — — a — THE National Bank has declared a div> dend of 12' per cent. MR. T. R. HEATH is the lowest tenderer for the erection of a goods-shea at BalayaTa. RECEIVED.—The Garden and the Field for the current month. With this issue this useful little paper completes its fifth volume. AT the meeting of the Philosophical Society on Tuesday evening it was stated that the leaves of a species of ti tree, grow - ing on Yorke's Peninsula is useful in curing violent catarrh. THE Cofiee Tavern Company have issued their first half-yearly balance sheet, which showed a profit on the eleven weeks that the Tavern bas been opened, of £29 5s. 8d. The number of shares taken up is 2,700 and the capital paid in amounts to £679 los. Holloivay's Pills and Ointment,—Irritable Bowel*.—To be able to arrest the progress of bowel complaints must be a very desirable object. Nothing will aceomplishthis so safely and certainly as Holloway's Oinfcment well rubbed twice a day oyer tlfe; abdomen It has an advantage over eveiy other astringent, since it restrains the purging without interfering with the stomach or liver. On reaching the bowels this unguent soothes their irritated lining and simulatane ously relieves all giriping, purging, vomiting, disagreeable eructations, and gives general ease, without danger of checking the diarrhoea too suddenly. In dysentery the same treatment, aided by proper doses of Holloway's Pills, will allay the excessive straining, rtop the discharge of slimy matter, and painlessely prevent both ulceration and danger.—[Advt.] INTELLECTUAL ECCENTRICITIES The Geelong Times of ipnl 28 says:—" The * Gatehouse Party,* who have been so conspicuous of late, played up their pranks in town while waiting for the case against the ex-Mayor of the metropolis lobe tried. They visited the Exhibition, and created some consternation by their eccentricities, and made fools of themselves by marching about the streets. carrying dilapidated umbrellas and penny buns. After almost drowning an old, swagmen with beer, tbey conveyed him to a hairdresser's shop and during the absence of the proprietor shaved of one side of his beard, and cut off the opposite side of hi3 bair to the ecalp. Numerous other practical jokes were played, but possibly the verdict of £50 given against, the * gay ola cuss' at the Court will be the means of restraining him and his younger companions from perpetrating their senseless jokes upon unoffending people." This ia the Alderman Gatehouse who thinks it a sign of intellectual superiority to get drunk. NOVEL PKOCEEDTJEE—According to the Northern, Argus the lawyers who attend Magistrate's Courts in the North have things pretty much in their own way.—" It was so at least a Gladstone on Tuesday last. The claim was £45 8s., which was admitted by the defendant. Dr. Smithy who appeared for the plaintiff, suggested to the Court that ten days only should be allowed for payment. The J.P. at once assented, when plaintiff's counsel took upon himself the position of another, and rehearsed the conditions to defendant. Dr. Smitb next puts down 20s, costs and 20s. attorney's fee, presents his little bill to the J.P., who again assents, the former again impressing on the mind of the defendant that his liabilities had increased £2. The lawyer fixed the date when the case should be brought on again in the event of defaul,t and having intimated the same to the magistrate, rehearsed the information to the defendant. Dr. Smith then thanked the J.P. for his attendance, and the business was concluded. PRESS COMMENTS.—In the case of Ward v. Derrington, on Tuesday, Mr. Mann com* plained that the Adelaide Punch made no less than two adverse allusions to the plaintiff in its last issue. He thought it was time the proprietors were taught what the privileges of the press were. Mr. Bundey also complained that the Licensed Victualler's Gazette had published a sub-leader, referring to the defendant, which was far worse than the paragraph complained of by Mr. Mann. In reply to Mr. Mann His Honor, said it was a case" of very high contempt indeed to criticise a case while it was sui judice. It was for the jury to decide the case by the evidence which was brought before them, and not by what was said by any journalist. And in reply to Mr. Bundey he remarked that the sort of thing complained of was very improper. If any improper conduct on the"part of a public journalist with respect to a case sub judice were brought before him he would know bow to deal with it, and in an exemplary manner. 