m AEOADIAJN" EEVESTGE. m Jinas Vtw, "Demssd upon it, my dear sir, thcia is a system of compensation • i, for example,' occupy a position in the country beyond my talents, while yon possess talents that are : considerably above what is necessary—ahem —to a person of your condition of life." •iWs amazing upeeoh was addressed to mc confidentially, in the smoking-room of our common club one night, by Mr. Domoway- Dicke, after we had dined together for the first time. It was late in August; the club was empty, ana I had invitea him to jom fables, though I knew him to be an ass, rather than ame alone. The bad man may and even to'the public advantage, since the custom .is unwholesome, and tenSB to shorten hfe j but to tbe good; man it is harmful Has thoughts, constant as the needio 'to the pole to what is pure and good, are naturally attracted to himself, and tns benevolenti actions, his excellent motives, his wholeblameless career, pass in Tevisw before his complacent t Bather -Khan run tbe risk of hjr&ag; ordered my own. modest repast,. 1 looked up at Domoway-Dioke, -who, with 1 his glass pamfnlly fixed m lus eye, was scanning the same "limited carte" for the day, in doubt (a* I guessed) aboutthe French dishes, and observed, "Shall we dine to-' gethor?'. and he had replied, courteously, "Charmed, I am sure" As a matter of tact, Mr, Dornoway.Dicke was a man not eaEy to charm;"; it Was not in -Genius (though up to that date I don't Ibirik it had ever teed is) to do so; and I believe even.Beauty herself would have failed in the attempt, unless she , had haa^title to back her. Mr. Dioke's weakness wa6 for a lord—a very common one, of course. Bnt in; his case unusually pronounced. JHib conversation was studded with; titles as the firmament i? with stars j and he, was in respect to them what Mr. Carlyle, in relation to spiritual things, calls /'terribly at . easb' in-Zion" ; that is, he was shockingly familiar" with earls and yisoounts, while ae to baronets, he would refer to them by their Christian names. To say that his views npon all matter* were oommonplaoe would have been flattering to bis intelligence; they were convsulional to sublimity. ; " Ghost stones; are absurd,?' argues Coleridge, because, though men tell us they, lave ; haa, such an ; 6xp6rienoe, >if a man did really ever see what he actually believed -fo be .a.-ghost; idiotcv, would at once-supervene;'.', but I firmly beliove that Dornoway- Dicke :.would have seen a ghost Withont the - leaBt injury to his iDtellectnal powers; hot beoause be WES already an idiot, but (Lode-' pendently of that) beoause so unconventional atsnLject as the eupernatural baa never entered his mmd: If ihe ghost had a title, then, indeed, an impression might,have been' made, but it would have been produced by bis temporal, not lus spiritual, lordship. In all matters which : exercise-the bumun mind, v from theology to -American, bowls, be took not tbe'faintest interest; but I had been informed—and warnea—that upon the subject of the -dignity and position of the DornowayrDicke family he could; and would be veiy difiuBa.if you were. notcareful. He was a man, m-short, to nod to, but not to.speak-with, unless the mean3 of escape were handy. Still, late in August, at a Doadon club, one -soch cannot strong afford .tnoral- to be- rftasons particular, ior and jiot having aimijg alone, I had to dine with Dornoway-Dickc.- There Was -.one circnmstance, however, : that. really., did attract me towards this gentleman, and.made me wish for a closer acquaintance. It was a much-debated question m the club whether he wore a wig or not, and I wanted to solre'it. If ho did do so (for even after dining with him I was not sure), they "were the best wigs that ever were, l say wigs, because he must have, had lots of them, for his hair was sometimes short and sometimes long, and sometimes just as it ought to be in the case of a fashionable young gentleman- of fifty-four. For, there was this disadvantage about the distinguished .position oi the Dornoway-Dieke family, thai, being in the peerage—though it must be confessed in a -pery remote and "presumptive" faahion—: the man's -..age was known to a nicety. There was then this point (ae to his wig) to be cleared up, which promised me some little excitement, and I was also curious to know whether he talked of "the Land" as though it were alive, iwhich I -was assured ho did. My information upon this point, as it turned out, was correct. The one supreme effort of originality -which Mr Domoway- Dicke had made -was to personify the landed interest in this peculiar fashion. •;••. " What the Land wants, sir, he would observe, very slowly and'majestically (so, that you had plenty of time to -suggest to yourself " top -dressing," 'fcoprohtes,'' andwhat not)—"what the land wants, sir" (he always, repeated this charming phrase),- "is fair play' "Ihe Land" wanted so many things m. the course of -our conversation ;.at dinner that I had begun to think it somewhat. jexactmg, and indeed to get a httle. impatient of Mr. .Donioway-Dicke himself." But ,1am never, or, at least hardly ever; diB-: courteous, and. though bored to extremity, like a-wooden Bhip, exposed to tlie action of the Teredo navaln, X endured it as though I Aaa.been made of iron; I had asked the man to dinner, and in one :sense- had cerlamly ;paidf or- iti .so felt constrained by the ;duties of boepitahty -to be civil till the meal was over. Whenit -was JmiBhed, and we repaired to theismoking-room, I had .no such scrnple. " The Vine," says the classic author," is the Evoker of Truth;" and this ;is even still more ihe oaEe with the Cigar. Imagine,'then, my. indignation at that amazing remark of my companion. "I, for example, occupy a position in the countryheyond my talentB, hile you possesstalents that are considerably abovewbatlBBecessary-T-ahem—toaperBon of your condition m life.' " . " Pray," said 3, Mr. Domoway Dioke,* confine your obBervations to yourself, as you generally do. As to your talents, I have no reason to doubt your own moBest estimation of them, but as "to your position in the countn, I was not aware that you had any." I hope this was not Tude. I spoke in the gentleut tones of which the human voice— or at all events my voice—is capable, and n' a manner that was certainly winning, for i felt that J. had scored. " To my astonishment, Mr. Domoway-Dicke remained quite unrnffled j he carefuUy removed the: ash-from tbe'endofhiBcigar wlthlU6;Ei^net-ring;«ni3 answered, quietly, almost humbly, "You quite mistake me. X said my potitionit) ihe country, of which, as you tell me, you know ^nothing. You are not, then, familiar with Mangelwnraelshifce ?" 1 1 1 wasc«rfc»mly not. X had beard of it,; til course, but I felt myself fortunate^ in not having to Spell it. ' "AhI I thought so," he continued, blandly, Yon tliould come down t6 Dorno way_eourir<nd uee me at home. Then you ; woiddTinderetand why I don't oftener visit Dondon. In to h i am, comparatively ' — What 4o"you 'iay -bow, to running down's 'to'n« for the first week inSjipteiabefW-" . 'S"ive mumtes*"before I should have .paid "Jfo " without ihe BbglitestAesitation- but th outrageous vanlty'of "ihe man's manner; tickled me to the core. I felt curioua to tee those natives of Maugdwurzelshire to whom Mr. Doraoway-Dicke appeared to be a person of importance, and, moreover, I had not yet discovered,whether - ,he: wore: a; wig : or not. " The worst part of a wig," says the old ndale, " as of love, is the parting;" but Mr. .Dornoway-Dicke's parting Was perfect, and -so delicate that one would have almost said it had been effected by a female hand-,: Among the simpler inhabitants of Arcadia he might take less extreme precautions to ;deceive;the.pnblic'; and he. certainly would not get his hair cut, if cut* it ever was, so often.v "1 will come to /Dornoway Court: with pleaaore," I said; - and on the appointed day I went. important as my host's position in the country may be, it is not my intention to' describe " ilr. Dornoway-Dicke at home," as though he were a public character. Suffice lt.to say that he; was better at home than abroad (or at least, in London); and as hie family were pleasant people, and his house full of cheerful company,'X did not regret my visit. The " Court," aa he loved-to call It, •was 4iOW«ver, *o prccllar-that T janet any a f»w words about it. - It wRa the only -«dl£ce with which I am acquainted which, gratifiedom's sense of humour. It was quite spick .andrspan as respects^ newness, but built and furnished in the mediteval Btyle. A graveldrive, rolled to perfection, lei up to a frowning entrance, with a huge oaken porta],; m whioh : was inserted-,a Httle hole barred with iron for purposes of espial. Through •this,,the'-porter- was -supposed, (though' he never dia it) to take cognisance of the approaching viBitor, and, if peaceful, to nnb&r; the masBive oolts of, the great :door to let him m. Everything in - the honee was apparently of the same- epoch, but m .re&hty; about three years old. hi the dining-room was a .fireplace as big at an ordinary pariour, and before which one would not .have -be«n Eurpntftd to Eee a pair of trunk-hoBe along, or a couple of jack-booto. Tne sideboard, to the modern and inartistic eye, isscmbled a kitchen dreBeer ; while m the morning-room was a£pinninp-vheeiwith tne flax in it, at though the thrifty housewife had, just been' called away from that occupation to superintend the construction of a venison pasty, or to issue erders for tbe entertainment of the company invited to the morrow's tournament. These ndiculons objects, as I soon discovered, were designed to persuade the public that the Domoway-Dickes themselves were . mediteval, and hau resided at, the " Court" for the last-six hundred years. Whereas, aB a matter of fact, they were new-comers. In: the' country, even though you are distantly connected with the peerage, this ib a serious obstacle to "position," and the whole of my host's gigantic intellect was concentrated on: attaining it., He had been " called upon" at once by every one in the county within a eirenit of twenty-five miles, except One. I write it reverentially, with a capital O, for it was " The Duke." X am not of course speaking of the late Dake of Wellington; in Mangelwurzelshire, as m every other county,: the Duke was the duke who lived there—his Grace of Turmptops. This divinity was still -a young man, unmarried, and not -mush given to call on anybody v and for three long years all the efforts of the Domoway-Dickea had been unavailing to induce him to honour tne ".Couit" with his,august presence. Two months ago, however, he had sent lus card -by a mounted messenger; and one month ago—ob, joy of joys 1—he had accepted an invitation to.s garden party at the house for one of the; very ; days .on .which X' was- to remain its guestT It wag justafter, this gracious promise had; been given that Mr. Dornoway- Dickebadmade bis appearance at-.the olub, to make arrangements "with Gunter; and now that I knew the circomstanceB, I was not only not surprised fit the; magnificence of bis deportment on that occasion, but aetonisbed tiii-.t he shuola have been so afiabie «s ^jb , was. My private .impression is • that • he askea me oo^n to Domoway Court not so muck from peisonal affection as to: secure an additional witness to his - social tnumph ; but that is neither hers nor there. The Duke was coming, and the famny were, in a state oi excitement rare; I should "bopo, in Hanwell, and not habitusllyiexhibitea even at Broadmoor. The great subjcot of. diEcnsEion dmong them for weeks, had been,, who was to be invited to meet;the Duke ? and it was not exhausted yet. Everybody—^who was anybody—had been • asked except- the Titbats; and the knottv point'that could -not be , settled was whether lhtB6 people should be asked oi not. Captsm and Mrs. Titbat were their immediate -neighbours; their lawu tennis grounds were, in fact, contignons, and the two families; though not absolutely on a fnonSly footing,, were wall known ,to one another. Yonng Titbaty when a player was wanting, had sometimes -even been invited to make up the party:; at their favorite amusement ; and when the bailB went over the wire fences that separated the two domains, the juvenile Titbats did not pretend ; (as someyoung people would) that they: were •lost; but would Jionestly chuck itbem back again.; Still, tbe: Titbats were not among the County Families; nor, anything lito ir. Their-efiorts—far more desperate tban tbosei of the Dornowsy-Dickesr^-had miserably and utterlyfailed in tbat direction. It was not so much that their; manBion was too small to. be reckoned as a country house, ' that their paddock cou!<? not by any strain of courtesy bo called s park, or that their ornamental-lake was an undeniable pond. There, was something amiss—I never: could find out what— about Mrs. Titbat. v She was a woman—I once btheld her, and under . circumstances I can never forget-^-of large proportions -and hiraufee aspect (indeed, she had a very respectable, beard) ; her : complexion was rubicund, - and to the uncharitable might ceem-ito indicate that she indulged in liquor, though I never; heard that die did so. Whatever was wrong with her btd'happeneisa .Jong ago that it, would have- been: much, better and kinder of her fellow-creatures to;have forgotten it. 'But the fact remained that Mrs. Tlfcbat was: not f visited," nor would the Domoway-DlckoE have dreamed of asking her to tneir garden party ;except for that contiguity, to whieh; I have.referred, of their lawn-tennir'grouuds. The Diuke, it was known, was devoted to the game; and if the two grounds could be thrown into one, it was felt by all the family that it would have been so immansa improvement. Thin could scarcely be done, however, . without asking - Mrs. Titbat's permission, andj also the pleasure of hei company; and upon ihe wnole it was judged; best to leave matters as they were. Thewire fencing between the two lawns was so" very slight that they really looked to be one, and the same, and as there ves plenty of, ground for the Duke m play upon, he woulo probably never discover that both tbe law»e did not belong to Domoway Court. : Jlhithe'course of Jthe; inthnaoycthat exiEted between the jumor -members of the two , families j*the young Dornoway- Dickes,-with a frankness cbaractenstie of their age, bad told,, the young Titbats that the Duke was coming onFridaytoplay-lawntenniB.bntthatnoue; but lip-top (not Titbat") people Weie io be aBked to meet 5am; nor was even this the worst, for it had certainly been hinted by -elder memberp of the family, m view of the suggested amalgamation of -4he tennis grounds, that suoh good neighbours >s Captain and Mrs. Titbat would certainly be included in the invitation list. ^ To explainwhat follows I ihnsl add lhat Mrs. Trtbat hewelf wm firmly peisuWea that sbe'wiuld be among the guests, and was transported with the idea of it; for the being asked V to : meet the Duke ofTurniptops",{as was stated -on the cards) was in Msngelwnrzelshire like being presented at court, and at once both; whitewashed and 'gilded the; invited. ' One : has heard of the ire of the tigress when robbed of heryoung, but what is that when , compared with the etate of mind of a lady of blemished reputation who bad-persuaded . herself that it will be rehabiUtatea, and that in the most splendid fashion, and then . suddenly finfls that she has been given the cold shoulder? Mrs. Titbat had actually .ordered- a dress from London in which to appear before his Graoe of ; Tumlptops, and the sight of it, as it hung useless • in her .wardrobe, envenomed -her whole being; as though she had worn it, and it had, been the garment of Nessus. ;; She clutched the- skirts of: Hope to the. very last, but when Priday mormng arrived, and no invitation had come, it fled from her ; soul; and :, was " replaced by. the desire for vengeance. 1 If the Dornoway- Dickes could but have known what was passing in that laj'uted lady's mmd, they might have been remmdedofithose warning luieS ': "Tj«st wh-«n onr.latest Jiops it ilea,'ye iast-e of onr " despair, •• -AnaiesmiT proof- in some mfld lotir how-maon or. even if that quotation had not.oocurred to them, I am .quite sure they would have asked her to their garden party even at that eleventh hour. \- The guests arrived, and in due course— —that. is to say, exceedingly late—the Duke. The meeting of his Grace and my host and hostess was positively affecting; I thought. Mr. Dornoway-Dicke would . never luave off ; shaking,bis hand, and that hiB -wife would have kissed it. However, he got away at last to luncheon. About two hnndred people sat down to it, a select twenty on mediseval chairs, and the rest on much more comfortable but , common: ones. A dozen of the last.bad . been, borrowed, days ago, by the housekeeper, without her mistress's knowledge,; from the Titbats. The host enjoyed himself as most people do-under similar circumstances; that ib to say, he was intensely miserable and anxious, but buoyed up by the thought that it would all be over presently, and he would have " his friend the Duke of Turmptops" to talk about for the rest of his natural life. - • After Itmcheon.we all repaired to the lawntennis ground. " What a capital lawn you have 1". observed the Dnke, " and what a good plan that is of dividing your ground!" - . He was referring, of course, to the iron " it was a plan of my wife's," observed Mr.- Dornoway-Dicke; for, as the other lawn was vacant, there was really no need to intimate that it ^belonged tc somebody else. A gilt youth of the county and one of. its gilt youngladies were selected for one side, and hie Grace and Hies Domoway-Dicke for the other.: The rest of the company, stood round m attitudes of respectful admiration. They were juBt about to begin when the Dnke observed, "Hullo ! what the deuce is this?" The exclamation wascanseabytheappearance of Mrs.'.Titbat, eplenaidly attired, and followed by all her maia-servants; some of them carnea baskets, of linen, ana- others Imes and clothes-propB. In the course of a few mrnutes the whole of the Titbat family linen was hanging on the line; some of the artioles were very pronounced in shape, and became much more bo when inflated by the Jreeeze,- which also (as they.were purposely-, hung close to"the wirefcnomgj carried tbeir, graceful folds right over the Duke's head.; 'X'he game was begun; but presently an immense petticoat broke loose, and after eddying doubtfully for. a few moments, settled upon theDuke himself, who emerged from it with difficulty, and with a frightful execration. Ho threw down his racket, ;and said something I could not catch; indeed, I.fled into a neighbouring arbour and gave myself un to such paroxysms of mirth as almost threatened me; with dissolution. ,' I was conscious of great: excitement among the company .without, and beard what sounded like the hurried departure of,some of them, but I was positively incapable of ascertaining what was going on. The vision of all Mangelwurzelshire's noblest as they stood around that fatal place, and pretended to ignore the fact that the very firmament s-was darkened above them by the Titbat-family linen; and then the spectacle of that petticoat de. scending. upon his Grace's brow, and o£ himself emerging from it, was always too much for me. I sat in tbe arbour and fairly wept. Presently, after several severe relapses, I .became conscious of a companion. Beside me sat a little man, bald as a knob, on the centre of a front door, anS swearing softly, and as it were thoughtfully, to himself., It was only by his voioa that I recogmsed Mr. Dernoway-Dicke. . ;. "My dear Dicke," I murmured, for I felt it necessary to say something, "why are you here ? why are you not entertaanfflg''.—.I;did not: -venture to mention the Duke—"your guests ?" 'fHe's gone," .he said. It was plain he was only thinking of one of them: " It was all .on account of. that infernal Mrs. Titbat, It's her own pettiooat; it'smarked with an M and a, T." - : I nodded, and held out my hand.as though to entreat him to spare himself tha recital of tho catastrophe. I felt: ready to expire. "Bnt are all the rest of the people gone F" I murmured. "What do I care? Yes.:- Ko. What a - terrible day," " But, my dear ,Dicko," I said, beginning sincerely to piijy him, " it will never do for you-, to stop here j you must not desert your : friends." • No, that's true/' ho answered, rising feebly and moving towards the house.- - - . " But you have forgotten something." "HaTelF What? Oh es my wig." It lay on the floor of the arbour where he had flung it in hi« frenzy;' He stooped and put it on mechanically and hind before. ; This I ventured to remedy; sfid he thanked : me;in-feeling tones.' "Do you think he will ever come again F." , he whispered, eagerly. . "He waa very angry. -Ho thought .they were our; own clothes hung out to dry. X showed him the M. and the T. But he wonld pay no attention. It is a dreadful blow." And it really hurt poor Dornoway-Dicke exceedingly. Ho had not risen the next morning -when I came up to town, and all the family were -very much- oppressed, as though there had been a death in the. 1 house He has been to the club once since, in a more beautiful wig than ever, but o£ course it can never deceive me. I asked, Ho w-Sdre all at home ?" "Pretty well, 1 thank you," he said; , " that a», as well as can be expected. -He has aerer ibeen iiear *the place since.'' Of course X knew that by the personal pronwm he meant" the Dake." > A Di*TrNQtji6BSD an& 16ng-winded Paris ; lawyer lately defenacd a criminal unsuccessfully, andatthe-ena of the trial the judge received the following note: " The prisoner humbly prayS that ihe time oooupied by the plea'Tof the oonnaii for tbe defence be«onnted in th6 feentehce 11 