| \ m m m t m . THE OPERA. " FAUST." We have much pleasure in recording the successful performance of the Italian version of " Faust," on Tuesday evening, at the Theatre Royal, before a large audience. The principal characters were sustained as follows:—Faust, Mr. Beaumont; Valentine, Mr. Templeton; Mephistopheles, Mr. Verdi; Wagner, Mr. Favas; Siebel, Mies Lambert; Martha, Mrs. Fox; Marguerite, Madame Rose Hersee. It may be difficult to explain why it should be so, but when, as in this wonderful conception of Goethe, the supernatural is intertwined with the affairs of humanity the sympathies of those who witness it are excited to unusual activity. Shakspeare's "Hamlet" and "Macbeth," Meyerbeer's " Roberto," Rossini's " Semiramide," and Balfe's " Satanella," may be cited in illustration of this. And when, as in Gounod's transcription of "Faust," a human victim is seen impotently struggling against tbe machination of a fiend, the interest of the spectator is excited just to the extent that to his apprehension the real takes the piace of the imaginary. Dr. Johnson says that our enjoyment of a tragedy arises from tbe consciousness that it is mere make- believe. We venture to think that it is just the contrary. In witnessing the performance of " Faust." for instance, the scene in which the wounded Valentine otters his imprecations npon bis sister, tbe subsequent remorse and insanity of Marguerite, and the temporary fiendish triumph of Mephistopheles awaken our sympathies to tbe quick. Nor would we then exchange those " heart ennobling sorrows" for the lot of bim — Who sit3 amid the herd Of mute barbarians bending to his nod, And says within himself I an a king, And wherefore should the voice of clam'rous woe Intrude upon my ear." Madame Hersee has hitherto gtined her laurels almost exclusively in elegant comedy. The purity and great flexibility of her voice, combined with a fascinating and unconstrained style of acting, has been the admiration of all who have witnessed her performances. The character of Marguerite requires all this, and much more. The lighthearted, unsophisticated village maiden of the first act appears tn the third and fourth acts surrounded by all the tragic terrors of "sorrow, repentance, despair, insanity, and death." And we must do Madame Hersee the justice of saying that she was fully equal to the impersonation of the very difficult character of Marguerite. In fact we are inclined to think that she was more effective in the latter acts than even in the famous garden scene. Mr. Beaumont as the decrepid student of nature, who, "feelingly alive to each fine impulse," and with " the form of beauty smiling at bis heart," sacrifices his future hopes for the gratification of his present passions, appears to have made the character of Faast his special study. And though his voice was occasionally husky his singing and acting were on the whole admirable. Mr. Verdi's Mephistopheles was faultless. His fine voice frequently rang out " trumpet-toned," and certainly as an actor the gentleman with the long name appeared as grim and remorseless as the most exacting critic could desire. The demoniacal lear, the sardonic laugh, and the final exhibition of defeated malice found appropriate expression in. each successive scene. Mr. Templeton did not produce 8ny great impression till the famous duel scene in which Faust, aided by his " familiar," inflicts npon him his death-wound. The terrible malediction by which Marguerite is driven in a paroxysm of frenzy to commit infanticide, with the tragic surroundings of this finale to the fourth act, was, we think, on the whole tbe finest scene jet presented by the ompany this season. The choruses were well rendered, but in atber dubious Italian. The intervals between he acts were somewhat long, and some rather arge slices were cut out of the opera. The cenery in general, and the apotheosis in piricular, were good, and although the audience were rather chary of their applause they paid tbe company the greater compliment of witnessing the performances with rapt attention. The curtain fell at just 11 o'clock. To- night " The Grand Duchess" will be repeated "by command/' CHABITABLB COKCBRT AT POST ADELAIDE.— Mr. Crocker Smith's concert in aid of the widow and family of the late Captain Lewis, of the Prima Donna, was a great success at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday night, October 19\. There was a large attendance, and a capital programme. Mrs. Beanmont end Mr. A. Weber performed a couple of overtures in excellent style. The old English glee, " From Oberon in Fairy Land," was rendered by the company. Songs, duets, and choruses followed from Mrs. Crocker Smith, Messrs. Ooombe, G. Crocker Smith, Trowell, Narroway, Law, Smith, D. Eons an, and Keinker. Miss E. Middleton played a fantasia on the piano from " Maritana" with considerable effect. During the proceedings Mr. John Formby thanked the audienoe for their patronage, and announced that the Adelaide Mohawk Minstrels would perform in the hall on November 2 for the same Relief Fund. PROFESSOR PEPPER'S EMTBRTAINMENT.—The very clever illusions now being presented at Garner's Theatre by Professor Pepper were witnessed last evening by a very appreciative house, who frequently gave vent to their feelings of pleasure by rounds of applause. It is seldom that the people of Adelaide have an opportunity of seeing a semi-scientific entertainment under the direction of a gentleman with such a world-wide reputation as the Professor, and both young and old may reckon npon a couple of hours' enjoyable pastime by paying " the ghosts" a visit. The representations, too, of the masterpieces of sculpture, both ancient and modern, are beautiful in tbe extreme, and have on every occasion on which they have been represented elicited unqualified demonstrations of approval. The same programme will be presented to-night. POET ADELAIDE ROWING CLUB.—A special meeting of this Club was held a,t the Ship Inn, Port, on Tuesday, October 19. The following were picked to go into training for the Melbourne Regatta, viz :—Messrs. John Playfair, H. Dalziel, E. Lamb, Ern Le Messurier, G. Pleyfair, T. Gilford, T. Matson, J. Carter, T. Tulloch, A. Wald, J. McKenzie, W. Playfair, W. Mussared, and K. Formby. The crew will commence training this evening, from which eight will be picked to represent South Australia at Melbourne. The crow will at present practice in a tub-eijiht. MAC;II_I. CEICKET CLUB —A special meeting of tbe Magill Cricket Olub was held 02 Monday eveniDg for the purpose cf receiving a professional auditors report upon the account-; of tbe club, and discussing other matters relating to the discharge of bis duties by the late Honorary Secretary, Mr. Harold Sparks. Af'.er some expressions of regret at the injustice tint had been done to Mr. Sparks by the mistiken action in reference to him of a former mi e^'ip, a resolution was unanimously passed—" That an apology was due to Mr. Sparks from the meeting, and that he was exonerated from anv blame whatsoever." 