AST OPEN VEBDICT. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. CHAPTEE V.-Hie ITALIAN WIM. That deep shadow of gloom which had fallen upon Christian Harefield's life seemed to have descended also upon the house he lived in. _ The house, with its low ceilings, narrow corridors, strange ins and outs, odd corners, and black oak paneling, had doubtless been more or less gloomy of aspect for the last two hundred years. But an old-world gloom like this contrasts pleasantly with the movement and bustle of glad domestic life-the flashes of sudden colour, the glow of many hearths, winter's yule-log and summer's wealth of flowers, the fresh shrill voices of young children, the hospitalities of even- tide, the pass ing in and out of many figures, varied yet recur rent as the combinations of a kaleidoscope. For tho last fifty years tho Water House had been known to all Little Yafford, and within a radius of twenty miles, as a grave and sober man sion, where high jinks of any kind wore as little to be expected as a ro-appearanco of white- robed oak-crowned Druids on that stony circle on the moor which had once reeked with the blood of human victims. Old Christian Harefield, tho father of tho pre sent owner of the estate, had boen distinguished for various eccentricities, the chief of which was love of money. Ho did not loves it too well to spend it on himself, but he loved it too well to waste it upon his fellow croatures, whom ho did not love. He was a born man-hater. No youth ful disappointments, no wrong doings of a familiar friend, no inconstancy of a woman had soured his temper, or changed the current of his life. In his nursery he had regarded outside humanity with a oold distrust, and had been selfish in the transactions of his babyhood. At Eton he was known as the most respectable of lads, and was universally detested. There was a legend of his having given a boy he disliked the scarlatina, de liberately and of malice aforothought ; and this was the only thing he had over been known to give away. At tho University he took care of himself, made his rooms tho prettiest in his quad, rode good horses, read diligently, and took his de groe with ease ; but he refused all invitations to wine parties rather than incur tho expense of returning hospitality, and he was remembered among his contemporaries as Stingy Harefield. ; ,, When tho time came for him to marry, he made no attempt to escape that ordeal, as i » presented itself to him in the form of an alliance with a young lady whoso father had enriched himself by commerce, and had recently acquired a large tract of land conterminous with theWater House estate. Tho young lady and the tract of land went in one lot, and Christian married her without feel ing himself guilty of that kind of sentimental folly called " falling in lovo," which offended his reason in those inferior animals whom stern ne cessity obliged him to acknowledge as his fellow- . creatures. From this allianoa of the mercantile classes and the landed gentry sprang an only child Christian tho second. In his boyhood and youth he gave indications of a nobler and wider nature than his father's. He was careless-of money, had his attachments among his school- fellows and com panions at the University, gave wine parties on a larger scale than any other graduate of his year , read hard, rode hard, was at once dissipated and a student, came through his examinations with flying colours and left behind him a reputation which caused at least half a dozen Freshmen to . ruin themselves in the attempt to imitate. " Al- , cibiades Harefield," that b3ing the name which Christian the second had won for himself. There were hard words between father and Bon ? when the young man went back to theWater House with a B. A. degree and a sheaf of billB on a more tremendous scale than usual. His mother's .' estate had been settled upon Christian theyounger, '? and beyond those paternal reproaches, he suffered very little from his extravagance. His majority, which had been wisely or unwisely deferred to biß twenty-fifth birthday, would mako him indepen- . dent. He stayed a month or so at the Water House, shot on the moors, read late of nights in the sombre ' library, dined out very often, and saw as little of - his father as was consistent with occupation of the same house. After this brief experience of domestic life, he went off to the Continent, and re mained there, roaming from city to city, for the next ten years of his life, his father living on . quietly at the Water House all the time, eating ? and sleeping, and riding his steady cob, and . .' generally taking care of himself in an eminently respectable and gentleman-like manner. In the tenth year of his son's absence the father died suddenly of apoplexy; a catastrophe which seemed to most people in Little Yaffcrd the natural close; of a selfish, self-indulgentlife. Christian appeared j at the Water House in time for tho funeral, after . travelling day and night for a week. He saw bia. father buried, he examined his father's papers in Mr. Scratchell's presence, and he perused his father's will drawn by Scratchell, and leaving everything to "my only son, Christian Hare- , field." The will had been made directly after Mrs. Harefield's death, when Christian the younger was still at Eton ; and although the father and ... son had not got on particularly well together .< afterward, Christian the elder had not troubled himself to alter his bequest. He was too essen tially selfish to leave a shilling away from his own flesh and blood. Christian had not treated him well, but Christian was in Borne wise a part of ' himself ; and although ho did -not caro much for Christian, there was nobody else for whom he cared at all. Christian Harefield, now lord of the double es tates, wont back to tho Continent, where he waa heard of no more for the next five years, at the end of which time there came a report of his mar riage with a very handsome Italian girl ; but, as everybody in Little Yafford remarked, " there had been no advertisement in Trie TIMES, which made the whole thing seem rather odd and irregular." A year or two later Mr. Harefield was hoard of as living near Florence with tho lovely Italiun wife ; and a baby ; and nine years after his father's death he eame suddenly home to tho Water House,-' bringing tho lovely wife, and a littlo girl of threo years old home with him. He was now a man of middle ago, very grave of aspect, but courteous and not inaccessible. Aged people at Little Ynf ford began to speculate upon a change at the Water House. It would be as it had been when tho late Christian Harefield was a child, and old Mr. and Mrs. Harefield gave hunting breakfasts and dinners, and tho old place was kept up altogether as it ought tobe, with a great deal of company in the dining-room, and plenty of waste and riot in tho kitchen and servant's hull. Christian Harefield did not quite realise those hopes which memory had cooked in tho hearts of the oldest inhabitants of Little Yafford, but he was not unsocial. The Water House resumed something of its ancient splendour; thero was a large household liberally conducted ; a fine stud of horses in the roomy old stables ; Mr. Hare field received his neighbours cordially, and gave dinnors enough to satisfy the most exacting among his friends. . There had beon a great many stories, for tho moBt part purely tho work of invention, or of that gradual cohesion of casual particles floating in spaoe by which a scandalous rumour is sometimes creatod. Some people had heard as a certain fact that tho beautiful Italian had boen a flower girl, and that Mr. Harefield had seen hor selling vio lets in tho streets of Florence. Others were equally certain that she had been an opera singer ; others wero assured that ballot-dancing had beon her profession at the time she attracted her wealthy lover's attention. Tho moro scandalous hinted darkly that she was somebody else's runaway wife, and that Christian Harefield's marriage was no marriage at all. But by the time when Mr. and Mrs. Harefield had boen living at tho Water Houso three months the slightest allusion to one of those once f avourito ..scandals was about (as groat a solecism as any one in Little Yafford could be guilty of. Tho an cient slanders were sunk ia tho Red Sea of obli vion. Thoso v/ho had been most active in dissemi nating tho legends forgot all about thom ; could not have taxed thoir memory with tho slightest detail ; would have looked quito puzzled if any ' under-bred intruder in quiet society had ques tioned them on tho subject, or recalled former as : sortions. Thero was a dignity about Christian Harefield, a subdued cleganco about his lovely wife, which made such legends as Little Yafford had formerlyboliovod in obviously and distinctly 'impossible. He marry a ballet-girl dancer, tho Í' Vroudest of men ! ¿she soil penny bunches of vio ets, the most aristocratic of women ! All the ...best pooplo of Littlo Yafford visited tho Water . House, and swore by Mrs. Harefield. . She was not a woman to make her influence 'widely felt in that quiet circle. Beauty and elegance were her chief gifts. She was passion ately fond of music ; played exquisitely in a style of her own which was poetic rather than brilliant ; song sweetly, but not with the po wer of voice or splendour of execution which would have justified the story of her having been a prima donna. Sho , had graceful manners and distinction of bearing, ?but tho leading spirits of Little Yafford-Mrs. Dul \- cimer, Lady Jane Gowry, and an old Mrs.°Pynsent -decided that she had, not much mind. " She can only look lovely, my dear, and couvtsoy in that foreign way of hers which reminds me of my young days, when ladies behaved like ladies, and good manners had not begun to bo obsolete," said Lady Jane to her dear Mrs. Dulcimer. " She can only look elegant and sit ab her ¡nano and suffer us to admire hor, just as we should if she were tho Venus do Milo in the Louvre. I don't think sho has much moro feeling or passion than that ono-aruied statue, but she is quite lovely, and I suppose that is enough for Mr. Harefield." Everybody agreed that Christian Harefield was devoted to his wife, and that it was a happy mar riage. But for his little girl he had evidently no verytwarm regard. As time wont on, and no seoond baby appeared, the father bogan to feel himself personally injured by tho sex of his only child. She ought to have boen a son. Here was the great Harefield property in danger of travel ling out of the direct line, and belonging to some spurious Harefield, who should only assume that good old naroo by royal letters patent. And it seemed to Christian-largo-minded and cosmo politan as he considered himself-that it would be a loss to English society if real Harefields should become extinct in tho land. This idea that his daughter was a mistake grew upon him, and by slow degrees began to go hand in hand with another idea, of a far more injurious and danger ous nature, and that was tho fancy that his wifo loved the child better than she loved him. Thoso tender maternal caresses which the gentle Italian lavished on hor littlo girl galled her husband almost as much as if ho had seen them given to a rival; Thia was the first arising of that sombre passion which was af tor ward to turn all his lifo to poison. He first learnod tho meaning of jea leousy when he sat by hrs own fireside watching the lovely face opposite him smiling down upon Beatrix. He had never cared for children in the abstract, never had perceived any special poetry or beauty in young. lives and small round rosy faces, and ho could seo nothing to lovo or admira in Beatrix, who at this stage of hor oxistonce was small and sallow-" a littlo yellow thing, all eyes and mouth," as ho himself describod hor. It was a constant irritation to him to soo such blind, unreasoning affection squandered upon so unlovely an object. , He. spent ono winter and a spring at the Water House, and then carried his wife away with him to Baden, and from Baden went to Florence for tho winter, leaving Beatrix in charge; of a conscien tious and elderly governess at Littlo Yafford. The child was almost heart-broken at the loss of that loving mother, but no ono, except Miss Scales, the governess, knew anything about it, and Miss Scales wrote Mrs. Harefield cheery lettors, telling her that dear littlo Trix was gotting tall and strong, and had just gono into words of two sj-l lables. Mr. and Mrs. Harefield came back to the Water House und spent the summor and autumn at home, and gavo parties, and nmdo themselves generally, agreeable. Then carno winter and a migration to tho South, Beatrix staying behind with Miss Scales a.j before. This winter she went into words of throo syllables, and made small excursions into va :ious foreign grammars, taking to Italian naturally, as a duck hatched by a hen takes to the wate;-.' This Kind of lifo went on till Beatrix was ten, Mr. and Mrs. Harefield's sojourn at the Water House growing briefer each year, and hy degrees there arose a "feeling in Little Yafford that Mr. and Mrs. Jlarefi 'ld were not quito tho happiest couple in tho WÍ rid, that thore were more clouds than sunshine ia that small home circle. These things make themselves known somehow. It was hinted that there were quarrels. Mr3. Harefield had a distressed look sometimes. Beatrix was not, so often foand in tho drawing-room with her mother when people called. Good-natured Mrs. Dulcimer discovered that tho little girl wan always cooped up in thc school-room, or sent out for dreary walks with her governess, and felt her self called upon to interfere and draw Mrs. Hare field's attention to this neglect of maternal duty; but Mrs. Harefield, mildly graceful as she was at nil times, received tho remonstrance with a placid dignity which rebuked tho good-natured busy body. There was trouble of some kind evidently ai the AVater House, but no ono in Little Yafford could ever get faco to face with tho skeleton. Italian friends of Mrs. Harefield's appeared upon tho scene, bu'; Littlo Yafford was not invited to meet these foreigners. Thea came autumn, and another migration to warmer lands, and this timo Miss Scales and Beatrix went with the travel lers. " That is moro as it ßhould be," said Mrs. Dulci mer, triumphantly. " So you seo, after all, Clement, my remonstrance had some effect." " If over I find that any act of interference with othor people's conduct of their own affairs has a good effect, I will reverso the whole theory of morals which I have made for myself in relation to my neighbour," answered Mr. Dulcimer, with unaccustomed energy. This last journey was fatal. Six weeks after tho travellers left tho Water House, Little Yafford was startled by tho tidings of Mrs. Harefield's death. She bad died suddenly at a littlo road side inn among tho mountains-the loneliest spot of earth she could well have found for life's closing scene. She had gone there alone with her husband on their way from Naples to Reggio, leaving Beatrix and her governess at Naples. Mr. Hare field was distracted, and had gone off to wander no ono know whore, after sending his child and the governess home to the Water Howse. Little Beatrix appeared there by-and-by, a silent and almost ghost-like ehitd, whoso small face looked unnaturally white above tho dense blackness of her frock. " It's absolutely heart-rending to soe a Chris tian gentleman's child look so like ono's idea of a vampire," exclaimed compassionate Mrs. Dulci mer, and she tried to lure tho littlo girl to the "Vicarage with a view to petting and making her happy; but Mips Scales guarded her pupil as jealously as if she had been a griffin ina fairy tale koeping watch and ward over an enchanted princess. It was the universal opinion in Little Yafford a kind of foregone conclusion- that Mr. Harefield would wander for years, and return to the Water House after a decade or two with long grey hair and a bent backbone, and the general appearance of a pilgrim. He disappointed everybody's ex pectations by coming back early in the spring and taking up his abodo permanently in the grave old house, which now put on that mantle of silence and gloom which had never been lifted from it since. Under this shadow of gloom, encircled by this perpetual silence and monotony, Beatrix had grown from childhood to womanhood. You could hear the dropping of the licht wood ashes in a distant room as you stood in tho hall at the Water House, or tho chirping of a wintor robin iu the garden outside the windows, or the ticking of the dining-room clock ! but of human voice or motion thore was hardly anything to bo heard. Tho kitchens and offices were remote, and tho servants knew tho value of good wages and a comfortable home too well to lot any token of thoir existence reach Mr. Harefield's ears. The master of that silent house sat in his library at the end of the low jorridor, and read, or smoked, or mused, or wrote in solitude. Sometimes ho took his daily ride or walk, in all weathers, for months at a stretch; at-other times ho would re main for several weeks without leaving tho house. He received no guests; he visited no one-having taken tho trouble, immediately after his return, to let peoplo know that he had come to the Water House in search of solitude and not sympathy. Scratchell, his lawyer and agent, and Mr. Namby, tho family doctor, were the only two men freely admitted to his presence, and of these he saw as little as possible. He allowed Isabella Scratchell to be with his daughter as much as Beatrix pleased to have her, but he never sat at meals with them or honoured thom with his society. HÍ3 hours wore difforent from theirs, and they had Miss Scales to tako caro of them. What could they want more ? One day, when Beatrix was between sixteen and seventeon, Mrs. Duloimer met the misanthrope in one of his solitary walks on the Druids' moor, and ventured-not without inward fear and trembling-to attack him on tho subject of his daughter's solitary life. " It must bo very dull for Beatrix at tho Water House," sho said. " I daro say it is, madam," answered Christian Harefield, with austere civility ; " but I don't mind that. Dulness is good for young women-in my opinion." " Oh, but dear Mr. Harefield," cried the vicar's wife, emboldened by his politeness, "bub there you differ from all the rest of tho world !" " I havo not generally found the rest of tho world so wise, my dear madam, as to distress my self because its opinions and mine happen to bo at variance." Mrs. Dulcimer felt herself baffled. This stony urbanity was too much for her. But sho remem bered Beatrix's pale, joyless face as she had. seen it in the chancel pew last Sunday, and made one more heroic effort. " Mr. Harefield, I am not going to ask yon to change your own habits-" " That would be wasted labour, madam." " Or to ask people to the Water House-" " I would not do my friends so great a wrong." " But you might at least let Beatrix como to me. We are very quiet people at the Vicarage Clement absorbed in his books, I in my work basket. Thero would bc no gaiety for her ; but there would be the chango from ono house to another ; and we lie higher-you must bo damp at tho Water House. I know Beatrix has suffered from neuralgia-" " A new fashion among young ladies, like the shape of their bonnets. I never heard of it when I was young." " Oh, it was called toothache then ; but it was just as excruciating. Then you really will let her como," pursued Mrs. Dulcimer, protending to make sure of his consent. " Clement Dulcimer is a gentleman I greatly respect, and you are tho most amiable of women. I cannot seo why I should forbid my daughter coming to you it' you like to be troubled with her. But I must make it a condition that you do not tako her anywhere else-that she is to como to your house and yours alone." " Most assuredly. I shall consider your wishes upon that point sacred," protested Mrs. Dulcimer, delighted with her success. Sho called on Beatrix the noxt day, and carried her off to tho Vicarage. The girl had been care fully educated by conscientious Miss Scales, and knew everything that a girl of her ago is supposed to know, except the theory of music. Sh« could have enlightened tho vicar about latitude and longitude, and the subjunctive mood in various languages. But sho had all tho deficiencies and peculiarities of a girl whoso lifo had boen lonely. She was proud and shy- what tho vicar called farouche-and it was a long time before her new friends could set her at easo. But when she did expand, they grow very fond of her, and that new lifo at the Vicarage was like the beginning of her youth. She had n°ver felt herself young before. Miss Scalcs's prim perfection had been like a band of iron about her life. Her father's gloom and hardness had weighed upon her like an actual burden. She had waked in the night sobbing, roused from some dim strange dream of an impos sible happiness by the recollection that sho had a father who had never loved her, who never would love her. This hardness of her father's had gradually hardened her feelings toward him. She had left oil hoping for any change in him, and with the cessation of hope came a stream of bitterness which overwhelmed every sweet and filial sentiment. As she grew from child to woman, her memories of the past took a new shape. Well remembered scenes acted themselves over again before her mental vision under a new and moro vivid light. She began to seo that there had been unhappiness in her mother's life, and that her father had been the cause of it-that tho cloud had always come from him. Brief episodes of that by-gone lifo flashed back upon her with a cruel distinctness. Sho remem bered herself leaning on her mother's shoulder one evening, as Mrs. Harefield sat at the drawinir room piano weaving tho sweet tangle of Italian melody sho loved so well. It was a summor twi light, and tho windows were all open, the garden was full of roses, the river shining under the sot ting sun. She remembered her father's coming in sud denly and walking up to the piano. He took hel by tho wrist with a hard, strong hand that hurt a little. " Go to your governess," he said ¡ " I want to talk to your mother." And then, before she could reach the door, she heard him say, " So you have seen Antonio." Those words haunted her curiously now that she wan growing a woman. Who was Antonio ? Sae could remember no ono in the story of her life to whom that name belonged. It was an Italian name-the name of ono of those Italian frionds of her mother M ho carno and went, in thoso memory pictures, like figures in a dream. She could not distinguish ono from another. They had all pale dark faces, like ivory that had beon shut from tho light, and dark gleaming eyes and hair like tho shining wings of ¿the rooks in the tall old elm tops yonder. But sho could not recall any one of them who had impressed her a wondering child of seven- more than the rest. Yes, thero was one-the one who Bang so beautifully. She could remember sitting on her mother's lap ono evening before dinnor-the room dimly lighted-no one present but her mother and tho Italian gentleman. She ro membered his sitting at the piano and singing church music-music that thrilled her, till, in a nervous ecstasy, «ho burst into tears, and her mother soothed her and carried her away saying something to the strange gentleman in Italian aB she went toward tho door, and he got np from tho piano and came to them and stopped on the threshold to bend down and kiss her, as sho had never been kissed beforo in all her life. Sho could remember the kiss now, though it was ten yoars ago. And ho said somothing in Italian, something that seemed half sorrow and half angor. Was that A ntonio ? Her mother's rooms had never been opened by anyone but Christinn Harefield since his return to tho Water House after that last fatal journey. There was something ghostly in tho idea of those threo rooms facing tho river, thoso three locked doors iu the long oak gallery. Beatrix passed thoso sealed doors always with a thrill of pain. If her mother had but lived, how different, how different life would have been for her? There would have been sorrow, perhaps- for she knew there had been sorrow in the last year of her mother's life-but they two would have shared it. They would have clung to each other closer, loved each other more fondly, because of tho hus band and father's unkindness. " What would papa matter to mo if I bad mamma P" she thought. " He would bo only a gloomy person coming in and out like the dark brief night which comes in and out among the summer days. We should not have minded him. Wo should have accepted him as a part of nature -tlie shadow that made our sunshine brighter." _ Often and often sho sat on the bench on the river terrace, leaning back with her arms folded above her head, looking up at,'those seven blank windows, darkly shuttered-threo windows for tho spacious old room; one for tho narrow dressing-closet ; three for the protty morning room which she remembered dimly-a white panelled room, with pale blue curtains all worked with birds and flowers in many eoloured silks, black and gold Japanese cabinets, a tall chimney piece with a curious old looking-glass above it let into the wall, pictures, and red and bluelchina jars, a faint odour of pot pourri, a piano, a frame for Berlin wool-work, with a group of unfinished roses that never seemed to grow any bigger. _ " Dear room," she said, " to think that I should live so near you, pass your door every day, and yet remember you so faintly-as if you were a dream 1" Once a curious fancy flashed upon her as she sat in the evening glow looking up at these win dows. " Perhaps Antonio's picture is in that room." She had just recollected a miniature in a velvet case,which she had opened one day-tho picture of a gentleman. Sho had only glanced at it, when her mother took tho case from lier and; put ib away. Tho complexion was moro beautiful than Antonio's-supposing the gentleman who sang tho church music to have been Antonio but then people's complexions in portraits" are gonerally superior to the reality. Kind as her friends at the Vicarage were, Bea trix never talked to them of these old memories.' The past was a sealed book. Not for worlds could she have spoken of it:-not even to Isabella, with whom she conversed as freely, in a general way, as a little girl talks to her doll. Tho new home life at the Vicarage brightened her wonderfully. Her reserve wore off as' she grew accustomed to that friendly household. She was enraptured with Mr. Dulcimer's library her father's book-shelves being as inaccessible, for her as the Vatican. Here, on the vicar's well j stocked shelves, she found those Italian poets her mother must have loved- prose writers, too -quaint old romances, in white vellum, on curi I ons ribbed paper, printed at Venice two hundred ! years ago. She spent many an hour sitting ona hassock in the sunny bay window, with a' pile of those old Italian books on the floor beside hor, while the vicar sat at. his big table annotating Berkeley, or making excursions in the world of science. Here she read tho " Bridgewater Treatises," and got her first grand idea of the universe. Here her young mind soared away from the narrow track along which Miss Scales had conducted it, and entered the regions of poetry and delight. And hero-in this sunny old room, with its walls of books and its shabby heterogeneous furniture -young love took her by the hand and led her across the threshold of his wonder-world. Here she first met Cyril Culverhouse, and learned how fair a thing piety may seem in a bright young soul, eager to do some good in its generation. Religion hitherto, as interpreted by Miss Scales, had appeared to her a hard and difficult businoss, which no one could take to except under severest pressure-a system of punishments and penances invented for the torment of mankind. But in Cyril's teaching how different it all seemed ! Re ligion became a sentiment to live or die for ; without it haj piness or peace of mind seemed im possible. " Your mamma belonged to the old faith, per haps," he said, one day, when they were talking of High and Low church. Beatrix gave a faint shiver. " I don't know," she answered sadly. " Mamma never talked to mo about religion. I wis too. young, perhaps." Cyril found her curiously ignorant of all that was most vital in religion, and his first interest in her arose from this very ignorance of her. He was so glad to set her ripht, to get her out of tho narrow Scales track-MÍ3B Scales being essen« tially Low-Church, and scenting lloman encroach ment in an anthem or surplice. The interest soon deepened, but he could hardly have told whon it first grew into love. Perhaps that might never have come if Beatrix's fresh young soul had not gone out to meet his unawares, so that ero he knew himself a lover he found himself be loved. The thought was full of rapture, for at thia stage of their friendship sho seemed to him the most perfect among women-the lovely embodi ment of youth and innocence, and noble yearn ings, truthfulness, purity-all things fair and holy. But tho consideration that she was Christian Hare field's heiress dashed his joy. Ile saw himself in advance branded, in the sight of men, as the clerical adventurer who, under the guiso of reli gion, had pushed his own fortune. Then it was-while it was'still a new thing for them to talk of tháir mutual love-that he ? told Beatrix her father must be informed of their attachment. (TO DE CONTINUED.)" Tho Wagga Wagga ADVERTISER has been in formed that constable Townsend, who captured tho man Butler, accused of murder and arson in Dunedin, Now Zoaland, is tho same man that was dismissodtho Kow South Waloa forco, in company with sergeant Foley, for tho shooting of Father Healy, at Doepwater. Derrick Dodd, tho funny man of tho 'Frisco "WEEKLY POST, thus satirises thi ¡doa of newspaper men being able to savo money :-Somo Chicago editor has struck a now, and to soy tho least, suspicioua, scheme It is to start a savings bank in connection with each newspaper, for the benefit of ita employees. This is either tho most remarkable piree ot Barcaam of tho present century, 01 olwutho dark and ainistor plot ot BOino mauaging oditor who wants to raise funds to have his other panta reseated, by running off with tho entiro deposita, 