KN'ICKERBOCKER ON CRICKET. We subjoin from an old Knicker. bocker Magazine an amusingly written "skit" upon cricket. It will be un necessary for us to say that, however much we may enjoy the writer's humour, we have no sympathy with his views so far as they relate to the cha racter of the game at which he pokes his fun. "And speaking of ' Doesticks,' here are some thoughts of his ' Upon seeing a Cricket Match j' which, although new 'some three moons wasted' (having been during that period in type), will, nevertheless, prove acceptable to our readers. But, hush, it is Doesticks who speaks- "I have heard a great deal about ' the manly sports of Merrie England,' and have always had a great respect for experts in the athletic games of the Britisher. Cricket has been specified as a game requiring the greatest pos sible quickness of eye and activity of limb, and I have heretofore looked upon it'as a glorious sport, full of intense though innoxious excitement. In my lamb-like innocence I have always until yesterday, supposed 'cricket' to be a diversion, an amusement, a pastime, a holiday recreation, and nothing but ocular demonstration could have con vinced me of my great mnistake. Two Tfamous ' elevens' wore to play a match at Hoboken; crack men on both sides, heavy bets; sporting world all prophe sying great things ; resolved to go; did go; am disappointed, and I may say disgusted. Cricket is not a game; it is a popular fallacy to suppose it is; but it is a solemn ceremony periodically per formed with the greatest seriousness by deluded Englishmen, who think they are having fun. Fun ! A cricketer has no more appreciation of genuine fun than a dead jackass has of fancy horn pipe. Grim are the cricketers, and desponding; smileless, dejected, forlorn and bilious. The Pilgrim Fathers, holding an out-door prayer meeting on a side hill, in four feet of snow in the middle of February, were a gay set of jolly dogs, compared to these rueful cricketihg Englishmen, out for a day's pleasure. A New York Murder trial! or a Kentucky hanging match, would' be a roaring farce by the side of the i sportive tragedy of these two crack ' Elevens.' The ghost of Hamlet's father, and the spectre of the murdered Banquo, talking over their private matters at midnight, by the light of blue fire, would look gay and festive' when likened to the Hoboken cricket ground with a umatch in progress. Cricket!-well, hereafter when I want a synonym for all that is intolerably dull and stupid, I shall say, Cricket. When I want to express a grand climax of spiritless dejection, I shall remark Cricket. When I desire to say of some man against whom I have a mortal spite, that he is grim- visaged, jaundiced, me lancholic, dismal and flat, I shall simply call him a cricketer, and then I shall dodge. And if any person accuses me in like manner, I shall take out a war nrat for defamation of character, and shall sue him for maliciously damaging my reputation to a huge extent. "I went to Hoboken with Damphool who, although an American, is a cricketer. He told me I would see great sport. Got to the ground, be stowed myself under a tree while Dam phool went to the club house to attire himself. Presently he appeared again dressed in white flannel from head to foot. He had a jockey cap on his head and buckskin slippers on his feet. Just before the game commenced lihe tied a bedquilt on each leg and put on some leather gloves. Then the umpire called out 'play'; then the bowler, a disheartened-looking young man, took up the ball, which was as hard as a brick, and threw it with all his might at a lugubrious individual with a two handed pudding-stick in his grasp, who stood in front of some little sticks which were stuck in the ground like an un finished lien coop. When the dejected ,san saw the ball coming, he made a 'o~ke at it with his pudding stick, but didn't hit it; then he sadly rested from his labors; while a number of dolefil mien on the other side wearily sought for the ball. Then the other bowler, with a sad countenance, threw the ball at the other gloomy batsmen, who made another dispirited poke at it with his pudding-stick; this time he hit it, then he ran towards the other hen- coop, while the man at his end ran to hishen coop. Then the marker put down one mark for his side; then they all rested in desponding silence for five minutes, during which time everybody religiously kept mournfully still. I expected to hear some one lead in prayer, or begin an exhortation, or commenoce reading the burial service, or some inspl-iting thing of that kind, but no one volun teered any amusement, and pretty soon the downcast players resumed the mysteries of Cricket. Tltere wvas more throwing at the hen coops, and pretty soon one was knocked down. Then tihe batsman, who ought to have stood before it and stopped the ball with the bedquilts on hIis legs was declared to be 'out.' Then he retired discouited, while the rest of his Eleven set up a dismal groan. Then Damphlool went in and took the pudding stick. Then the grave man threw the ball at Dam phool. Damphool poked at it man fully; then he ran for the other hien coop and the man who presided at the Sother pudding stick ran for his. The bed-quilts on Damphool's legs interfered iLth his speed, and he didn't get along 'lery fast, so the man pensivduey took the ball and knocked down Damphooi's hen coop; these Damphool was 'out.' They -persevered in this jocularity until sun ,set, at which tims' o funeral state of tihsgs came to an end. '"~on tlhe men whose pudding stick had made Lhost I journeys betsween tie hlen coopls wea' declared to be the winners; and they ( Untied the bed quilts from their leog, I took off tlheoir flannels, ansl went homse. ( Asis all there is of tie gainme of crichet. 1 6tway, be a very brisk amusecW for ( somle uen, but I would as soon think of taking a pleasure ride in a hearse, or going to a dozen pedestrian funerals for a day's pleasure, as of participating in the gloomy ceremonies of cricket for the samuo length of time." 