Brevities. ( Compiled from Exchanges.) ^ . Intercolonial. It has cost £40,000 to capture the Kellys. The Melbourne Museum now has 44,000 specimens completely classed and labelled in case. A fine sample of asbestos has been found near Orange, N.S.W. A quand arcade is to be made in Sydney between George and Pitt streets. Perth Campbell is doing a good business in Deniliquin. The diamond drill owners intend boring for water at Temora. The Rev. John Back, of Adelaide, committed suicide by taking prussic acid. Submarine telephonic communication is carried on effectually across Sydney harbor. The Orient steamer John Elder has brought out £50,009 of silver coinage. Unfortunately, it is again harvest time for doctors in Melbourne. Respecting the Melbourne mayoralty, Alderman Moubray and Councillor Garton are mentioned as likely candidates. Mr. Lansell, the rich reefer at Sandhurst, has given £1000 to the Bendigo Hospital, and £1000 to the Hospital for Incurables. In protectionist Melbourne the " unemployed" are always numerous 1200 are now on the relief works, and have been for three months. A han and a woman have been crushed to death in Tasmania by a tree falling on the but they were living in Tasmania is now exporting trout 2,000 were lately sent to New Zealand, Adelaide, and Melbourne. New South Wales exported last year £10,381,805 of her produce, Victoria only £8,009,000. Sir Henry Parkes returned the card of membership sent to him by the Victorian anti-Chinese Association. " Et tu brutes," exclaimed the Age when the mob of unemployed hooted before their office and cheered the Argus. It is the intention of the Victorian Government to float the £2,000,000 balance of the loan this year. The Duke of Manchester, after seeing the exhibition, will visit Adelaide, Sydney, and New Zealand. The increase of the population of Victoria, during the quarter ending June last, was 5858 ; the total population is 908,852. It has been determined that the comet lately seen here actually " kissed" the sun as it passed -that as it passed through the outer atmosphere. Syndicate is now the word, not Company, and a Calcutta Tea Syndicate has been formed for introducing Indian teas into Victorian markets. Every package crossing the Murray at Moama has to pay for wharfage 9d., every bale of wool 4d., every eight sheep la., and so on. Verily how these colonies love another The wild man of the Tallarook Caves, who was proved to be a thief of the fowl and clothesline genus, has got six months in another cave - the gaol ! The Civil Service reductions in Victoria begin with 20 per cent off all salaries of £1000 and upwards, and goes in a descending ratio till £200 per annum is reached. Five hundred appeals were made against the Sydney Exhibition awards, and actually 300 awards reversed. This has caused a bad impression in England. On the Kilmore railway platform a ghost has taken to promenade at night. It is rather a dangerous joke to play, for stationmaster has fired at it several times. Proctor states that the different positions that the sixteen numbers of the fifteen puzzle can be moved into are 22,922,789,888,000. He worked them all out one wet Sunday. Some of Edison's electrical patents are almost forgotten, Siemens Bros., Jablokoff, Werder- mann, and Brush having attained a more practical SUCCES. George Martin, late a Melbourne merchant and now insolvent, has had the granting of his certificate suspended for twelve mouths for being culpably negligent in his business. The Bishop of Melbourne has been preaching and advocating the interference of the clergy in political matters. He forgets, but the people do not, the tyrannical spirit the clergy showed when they had political power. The bushman, as he travels, will have food for thought in the fact that the Australian plants number about 7000 dicotyledonous, 1600 mono cotyledououa, and 1900 acotyledonous species. Baron Mueller sighs for more The Tylden (Vic ) farmers want protection on feeding grains from New South Wales and New Zealand. Says the Australasian to them Why not get protection from Warrnambool potatoes and Murray wheat % PEOPLE in Melbourne are carrying camphor in their pockets as a precaution against epidemics. A man who ate some for the same reason had to be taken to the hospital to save him from dying. Note -Camphor is poisonous. The master of the barque Trochraguo ran down near Java a catamaran upon which were five Malays, and did not stop to pick them up. The crew have just given evidence against him, and he gets three months in Melbourne Gaol. The Victorians are not unmindful of the education of their artisans ; there are in the art school attached to the Public Library fifty pupils in painting, 161 in drawing, twenty-eight in technology, and eighteen in engineering ; also there are in the Technological Museum 30,000 specimens. The Victorian Minister of Education, in order to encourage the young in habits of industry and thrift, raffles his property at Ballarat for £2000. Having some 800 shares himself, he wins it back again, thus getting £1200. Moral to the school children Go thou and do likewise. English and Foreign. A WELsn party is about to be formed in the House of Commons, The young Princes are going to visit China and Japan. Pierce Egan, the novelist, and son of the well known sporting writer, is dead. Garfield, the Republican candidate for the American Presidency, is a strong anti-Chinese man. The Prince of Wales gained the first and second prizes for Southdown rams at the Royal Society's show, Carlisle. Bicycling is a pronounced success in England, and is revolutionising the roadside life in England. A STATUE to Robert Raikes has been unveiled upon the Thames embankment by the Earl of Shaftesbury. The Royal Agricultural Society's exhibition at Carlisle was one of the most successful ever held. If the Secretary of State can get his way, honorary colonelcies will cease in the army of the future, Mr. Grant is again moving to obtain the electric light inside the Houses of Parliament, London. On July 2, the Queen was invested by the Ambassadors of the King of Siam with the Order of the White Elephant ! The Basuto difficulty at the Cape, which at one time threatened to blaze into another Zulu war, is assuming a more peaceful aspect. While thousands of men, women, and children bathe annually in the Great Salt Lake, accidents from drowning are unknown. Mr. Isaac Seaman, for seventeen years past the manager and editor of Public Opinion has severed his connection with that journal. Five hundred and sixty-five millions of passengers travelled on British railways during past year. The Azores have had ceded to them an increase of territory. An island has been up- heaved from the bottom of the sea. A young elephant has been born at Bailey and Cooper's circus, now in Philadelphia ; it is said to be the very first ever born in circus captivity. An English paper says " that sooner or later the Chinese will certainly make the northern portions of Australia their own." Will they We think not. Only two deaths occurred on British railways in 1879 through carelessness or neglect of the companies, with the exception of the Tay Bridge disaster. Negligence and misconduct of passengers caused in 1879 the death of eighty- five persons on British railways, or twelve more than perished at the Toy Bridge. Great Britain has recently been visited by a series of most severe thunderstorms, killing several people and doing much damage to property. At a recent meeting of the Cobden Club the French Ambassador said, " in spite of all resistance the desires of the free-traders in England and France would be attained." The breadth of the new Russian Imperial yacht Livadia, just launched at Glasgow, is IE Off. to a length of 250ft. and a depth of 50ft.; tonnage, 11,609. The speed is fourteen knots. Mount Vesuvius is again enveloped in lurid flame, but this time it is artificial. Three electric lights now shine from the railway terminus at the cone 1 The St, Gothard tunnel cannot be ready for traffic before April next, The contractors will have to forfeit 5000 francs for every day after October 1. The German wine growers, troubled by the wretched yield of last year, have been doctoring their wines on an extensive scale. All the better in the end for our Australian growers. Says the Pall Mall Gazette, " A more preposterous agitation than that which has been got up against the Chinese in Victoria it would be difficult to imagine," but then the Pall Mall Gazette is not getting its own toes trod upon. The champion yacht of the year is the Van drama. In the two months since her appearance her success has been unprecedented. She has met the fleetest yachts in England in all sorts of weather, and has beat them easily. She is built of steel, but the secret of her success remains a mystery. That strange explosion of a gas main in Tottenham Court-road, where two men were killed, houses destroyed, and the road for several hundred yards upheaved at intervals, has more strangely Still, been duplicated near Wolver. hampton, where the macadamised road was up- heaved for a hundred yards, and a gap made in it some six yards wide by four yards deep. Says the European Mail The latest absurdity in fashions for ladies is a crutch headed ebony cane, the handle of which is a silver dog or horse's head. The very high, sharp-pointed heels now worn by women who take no thought for their spines and brains, both of which doctors over suffer from this injurious practice, has rendered these supports almost a necessity for those suffering lunatics who hobble so pain- fully along. 