THE OlPERA. They played Meyerbeer's "Ugonottif on Saturday night ai the, Opera-house, ty was by DO means a good performance, because the principal tenor part was missing, or if not missing was represented by a gentleman (Signor Paladini) wbo bad brought only the ghost of his voice with him. He was suf fering from what seems to be just now a general complaint of the throat and l^raga, and is not to be blamed for his want of success; bnt all the light and life was neces sarily taken out of the principal scenes from the cause that I mention. Madame Boema as as u^al of late the Valentine of the representation, and , deserves recognition for her good will towards a performance of which it w&s; -impossible that she could cany the whole weight upon heel own houldere. . Bigiwra Coy, as Queen jM« erite, was, the 8&ti;$factoiy artiste that she aa alwaye beeja sino^, c&e.fint;'oame to this city, and, at the aame time, one of 'the moat banning Mel mt and Bang the part of Marcel conscientiously and well. The novelty in thia performance .was the appearance of Madame Rose Hersee , for the first time here, in the part of Urbain the Page. Her appearance and bearing were very pretty, and her conception of character and general interpretation of the "part thoroughly satisfactory. Madame Herses has such intelligence that she never does anything in the way of her pro fession on the stage that could cause yon' dis appointment or fail to win the' reasonable approval of the most exigent of critics., The musical passages commencing "Nobil donna" in the first act, and "No, no, no, caso equal" in the Becond act, were given with charming smoothness of execution and sweetness of voice, and altogether Madame Hersee'a ap pearance on the scene was most acceptable. Mr. Stoneham deserves a word of praise for his flute-playing in the opening to the aria, "O vago suol delia Tnrrena," and in the same scene the harp passages in the orchestra were well managed by Mrs. Lupfcon. There is no more to be said about this performance of " Gli Ugonottti." After the fourth act occurred that terrible scene in the dress circle which eclipsed the fictitious woes of the actors on the stage by the Btern reality of the horrors of murder and suicide amongst three members of the audience. This astound ing and appalling scene can never be forgotten by those who witnessed it. I need not enlarge upon it here, because full particulars are given in another column of The Australasian. " Don Giovanni" was to have been played on Monday night, but when the time came it was found that Madame Boema was not suf ficiently well to sing on that night, and " Rigoletto" was produced instead. It was admirably well played, and the four principal Bingers, namely, Madame Hersee, Signor Coy, Mr. G. Verdi, and Mr. E. Farley deserved well the applause with which their efforts were received. "Don Giovanni" was pro duced on Tuesday night, and the perform ance was really something to be proud of. Madame Rose Hersee played the part of Zer lina, and in doing so I think she has completed her already extensive repertory with its brightest and best ornament. She is so ad mirably adapted to the work thatldo not think better qualifications than she possesses could be suggested to make the part go better. From the innocent gaiety of the rustic choruB '' Giovinette che fate all' amore," and right throughout the trouble which over shadows the heart of the little coquette, Madame Hersee is without effort and with the most artless grace-the very girl she pre tends to be. It is not in the nature of pretty young, rustic womanhood to withstand such blandishments and such a gallant presence as those of Don Giovanni, especially when they are presented in such strong contrast with such poor gifts as Masetto possesses; but her heart is in the right place after all, as she assures him in " Vedrai Carino," the most Boothing, the most tranquilising, the most mollifying air ever written, an air, an appeal no man could withstand when sung by such a sweetheart, and accompanied by such touching assurances of whole-hearted affection. Her Zerlina is quite an idyllic portraiture, and her vo calisation of such gems of song as " Batti, batti,"and "La Ci darem," is perfect from the musical point of view. Donna Anna and Donna Elvira are represented respectively by Madame Boema and Signora Tamburini Coy, and one need not desire to hear or see anything more perfect than the way these two ladies acquit themselvea in the r6les allotted to them. The great feature in the present produc tion of "Don Giovanni," and the feature which above all others Btamps it as superior to all others which have pre ceded it in this city, iB the appear ance of Mr. G. Verdi as the Don him self. This gentleman brings Buch vivacity of manner and gallantry of bearing, Buch audacity of will and splendour of appearance, to the illustration of this r6le that his assump tion of the part would be received with satis, faction in any great city-whether in London, in Paris, in Vienna, or New York. The mnsic, too, is admirably well suited, to the quality and range of his voice, and for the first time in the musical history of this city the brilliant air " Fin ch'hau dal vino'' has been given in the right tempo and with the warmth and grandeur of manner which it always bears with it when a great artist essays it. The consequence is that the audience have received it with shouts of applause, and have encored it, and while they have come to a right under standing of the beauties of " Don Giovanni" they have Bhown by their presence and their plaudits the respectable quality of their mnBical judgment,' Mr. Farley, as Lepo rello, enters into the low-comedy aspect of that character with infinite gusto; and he Bhows by his voluble use of very bad Italian and his intimate knowledge of the weighty musical text of the part that he has made both the object, of close and earnest Btudy. sure that Mr. Farley, deserves great cr&dit.; for .what lie has done from all who know the difficulties he has had to surmount, and I,am certain that in this stands well with the great *^0 heartily enjoy his 1\. J singing without troubling their ^at^the m*KW whereV the Don Ottavio is represented nf «?r,T.?eaUimon^ the advantage ! "Presentation, and Mr. HoweU In ^Pf^f^J-acceptable Masetto. The chorus ! orchestra excellent, and in .^P^tation 6f Mofcarfs m aster-work-the beat that ha* swr been in tne country. . , ANDANTE. 