A WARNING TO PASSENGERS. (To Lit e Editor of the Freeman1 s Journal .) Sin, — Knowing that your journal is always an advocate of justice and fair play, I trust you will give me space for the purpose of stating a few facts relative to the way in which my -wife has been treated on board, ono of the steamers trading to the Clarence River Heads. I went to the booking office of the Clarence and Richmond River S. N. Company 011 two different days in order to secure a cabin passage for wife and. two voung children, and 011 each occasion was told by different, clerks that it would be ' all right on board.' Tlie vessel arrived iu duo time, when I brought my family there and inquired for the stewardess to conduct tliem to a berth, when she asked me if I had one secured. I replied 111 the negative, giving explanations, when she referred 1110 to the chief steward, who faithfully promised to provide my wifo with a bed, as she was an in valid and going to hor parents to recruit her health. Circumstances — over which I had 110 control — prevented my accompanying my wife and children to their destination, and I left them with the consciousness that ample provision would bo made them whilst 011 board, but alas ! I was mistaken. The servants of the company left my sickly wifo and. her two little ones lying on the cabin floor all night, whilst the vessel wa3 contending with inclement weather and heavy seas. The second night tho former, through a sense of shame, or fear of exposure on the part of the aforesaid Good Scmaritans, was provided with a good bed, whilst, her little chil dren had to put up with the previous night's neglect, and also to receive attention only from their fainting mother, who never could partake of any nourishment to sustain her during this trying ordeal, but was promptly asked for pay ment by the stewardess, 20s in excess of agree ment at tho booking office. Trusting that this inhuman treatment will prove a caution to others who may be compelled to travel by that company. I am, Sir, yours truly, 1VL J. PAKiiiAMKNTHY. — Messrs. Lynch and Coonan (says the Cowra Free Press), the representatives for Carcoar and the Bogan, favoured our town with a flying visit on Monday last ; the latter gentleman and hia lady being tho ghosts of Mr. A. Lynch during the past week. 