NEWS IN BRIEF. Tuts Kelly disturbances have cost Victoria over £40,000. The Queensland Theatre, Brisbane, is to be rebuilt. The Shewir has arrived with 291 immigrants at Brisbane. Telephonic communication is being rapidly extended in the city of Brisbane. Evan's self-acting tramway-points are being adopted by the New Sealand Government. In New Zealand recently a child died from blood poisoning, tho result of a pig bite. Several hundred cases of Tasmanian jams were sent to England lately. Miss Caldwell, who wag injured by tho railway accident at Lara, Victoria, io improving. Captain Espinasse has been appointed Go vernment Shipping Master at Melbourne. About fifty Chineso arrived at Melbourne by steamer from Sydney on Tuesday. Some of the Hobart Town bakers supply their customers with sour bread. A bill has been introduced into the Taomanian Legislature to legalize to totalizator. A petrified pine -apple has been found at Maryborough, Queensland. The Tasmanian budget showB a surplus of £15,000. An International Temperance Conference is to bo held in Melbourne in November next. The Berry G-overnment is going in for heavy retrenchments in the public service. Proposals aro being made for tho construc tion of tramways in the streets of Melbourne. The Brisbane Courier Office has been placed in telephonic communication with the Parliamen tary buildings. Chiarihi's circus embarked at Cooktown for Java on Tuesday in the Menmuir, after a very sucoesoful exhibition. The question of making the Attorney- G-eneral a permanent officer is being discussed in Mel bourne. It i3 tho intention of the Victorian Govern ment to float tho balance of the two million loan this year through the Associated Banks. Hyman Geoss, late defaulting secretary to the Melbourne Hebrew Congregation, has been arrested at Geelong. G-beat activity exists just now at the Mel- j bourne Exhibition, and most of the foreign commissioners and representatives have arrived. The Kaisar-i-Hind cleared Melbourne on tho 20th, with specie valued at £110,000. She had a moderate passenger-list. The G-overnmont Resident of the Northern Territory has been granted four months' leave of absence from October 3rd. Db. Eitzgeeald, the great Melbourne surgeon, is suffering from concussion of tho brain, the result of a fall from a horse. At Melbourne Henrich Neilson, known as the Wild Man of Tallaroolc, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment as a vagrant. Mr. W. R, Johnson, formerly manager of the Melbourne Banking Company, has died suddenly of heart disease, at Brighton, It is stated on f.-ood authority, that large sums of money have arrived in South Australia by the Bangalore for investment in that colony. Stjb-Inspectob O'Connor's black- trackers ex pect to receive £100 each as their share of tho reward in connection with the Glenrowan battle. /'Wmi-. qs nnn ? ? ? ? .-i uago ui piuuuuo were ruueivuu. u,u the Spencer-street station, Melbourne, last week from the country. It is said that Sir John O'Shanassy will take an early opportunity of moving for a Royal Commission on Education. One of the Maories imprisoned by the New Zoaland G-overnment has died in gaol of con sumption. Since July 1879, tho number of emigrants who havo arrived in New Zealand' io 7418, and the grand total to date 84,499. It is stated on good authority that somo of the members of tho Borry Ministry ' whack ' their salaries with certain outsiders. The Maryborough people Bay that tho new Burrum railway will open up a coal-field equal in richnoss to Newcastle. The Church of England Messenger gives its support to tho Roman Catholic movement in Victoria for payment by results. Po great is the demand for rabbit skins in Mel bourne that wo hear 2s per dozen is given for them, tho fur being utilized in hat-making. Mis. Lansell, the rich reefer of Sandhurst, has given £1000 to the Bendigo Hospital, and £1000 to tho Hospital for Incurables. Residents in tho suburbs of Brisbane aro greatly distressed for wator. It io being obtained from very impure sources at present. The people of Benalla have presented Assist ant-Commissioner Nicholson with an address, thanking him for his exertions to capture tho Kellys. Two fires occurred at Hamilton, Victoria, on Monday, causing damage to the extent of £4000 in all. It io likely that the Victorian Racing Club will arrange for a special race mooting on the occasion of the visit of Sir Hercules Robinson. 'The steamor Suva, from Fiji, has beon placed in quarantine, at Melbourne, with measles on board. Over the principal arch of the Melbourro Exhibition is written ' Victoria welcomes all nation q.' The unemployed suggest the addition of the words 'Except tho Chinese.' The galleries of tho Melbourne Exhibition havo been closed against vioitoro, as the arrange ment of tho pictures has now commenced ; access to tho baso of the dome has also been cut off. Sib Bbtait O'Loghlen, io to deliver tho inaugural address at tho Association for tho Preservation and Extension of tho Irioh Lan guage on the 2nd September. John MaoRae, squatter, noar Inkermann, Queensland, was found dead, on tho 9th instant, with a hole through his head. A revolver was found in deceased's hand. A petition has boen lodged by Mr. Hackett against Dr. Madden, member for Sandridge, on groundo of bribery, intimidation, and undue in terference. Seven deaths occurred from measles laofc weok in Victoria, and tho epidemic is increasing. A number of tho Stato sehoolo aro now closed in conoequonco of tho sickness. The Austrian Band, now on ito vray to Mel bourne, will, we loarn, perform for tho firct timo in Australia at the Flemington racecourse on Saturday, October 9. Laeg-e numboro of Chineso continuo to arrive in Tasmania, and proeoed to tho tin and gold minea and fields, whore they frequently get tho best of the Europeans. James Thompson, a well-known land specu lator, is committed for trial at Melbourne on a charge of obtaining £1000 from Mr. Jennings, oolieitor, by a fraudulent deed. _ At Kilmore railway station, Victoria, an appa rition, resembling tho orthodox ghost, appeared on several occasions, and has boon fired at several times without offecb. A ONE-HANDED man at Timaru (N.Z.) named William Charters was ordorod to pay £20 for soiling a hare and cock pheasant without being licnnnfid. Thn p.lfcfivnnt.ivn mn 9tv» 9.A limi™ At Narracoorte, S.A., one man sued anothor for £70, a gambling debt, principally contracted at euchro. Tho Court hold that ho could not recover a gambling debt. Me. William Townsend, a member of tho S. A. Parliament, has issued a writ against tho Bank of South Australia for dishonouring his choque. Tho damages claimed are £10,000. The Minister for Education, S. A., received in formation that Wandy Wandy, the murderer of WingSeld, in the Northern Territory, has beon committed for trial on tho capital charge. The Victorian Ministor for Lands promised to consider the question of selling tho Yarra Bank sites, the sales of which wore cancelled by the Service Government. Arrangemeots havo now been completed by tho Melbourne Telephone Exohango Company, Limited, whereby subscribers oan bo oupplied with telephonic connection in tho city or suburbs. The S.A. Government havo entered an action against the Local Insurance Co. for £25,000, on account of losses through the wreck of tho Hyde rabad off tho New Zealand coast, A ' Pacific Island Labourers Bill ' has beon introduced into tho Queensland Parliament. It is, however, sure to be evaded with impunity by influential persons as often as they think well to do so. Serious complainto are being made of ,the public inoonvenienco arising from the closing of Carlton G-ardens, Melbourne. The residents in the locality demand that the Exhibition Com missioners shall allow a thoroughfare. Tn the will case of Mathew Kerr, which has been some time before the Melbourne Court, in which the testator left property valued at about £10,000 to his second wifo, leaving out his eldeot son and daughter, the judge upheld tho will Information has been received of a highway robbery on the Chiltern Road, near Beech worth, Victoria. A man on horseback stuck up a woman ? .1 1. i __ t. -ii ihju iuuuuu udi U4. ouuju uiviiuy liuuiier auooanci o gun. Captain Thomson, of the Trochagne, charged at Melbourne not rendering aooistance to a barque with which hio vessel collided, woo found guilty, and oontonced to throo months' imprison ment, tho sentenco to date from arrest. It io generally supposed that no snoro will be heard of the proposed new Queensland oteam mail oorvice, tho feeling of tho people of that colony having been shown to bo oo deoidedly against it. The Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Moorahouoo), in preaching at St. Judo's Church, on Sunday, speaking of tho Education queotion, referred to tho thousands who cared nothing for a knowledge of God in tho education of fchoir children. There is somo ground for believing that tho oovoreigno found at Sandridge belonged to a eeaman of tho Arabia, who io known to havo planted about 200 in tho year 1852. Ho had groat distrust of banko. It is understood that much disnatiofaction pre vails among tho supporters of tho Victorian Ministry, and that somo aro likely to oro£jo tho floor of the House, unless a bill for tho payment of momboro is promptly introduced. Major Smith's freehold lottery came oft at Melbourno. Tho number of tho first priao wao 2724, and tho winnor io Mr. M'Ginnis, tho well known racehorse owner ; tho second prizo wao No, 3321, and tho third 823. The decorations of tho main building of thd Melbourne Exhibition are tho subject o£ a largo amount of criticism. The quiet treatment of tho arched roof of tho navo, however, meets with general approval. Edward Kelly still remains in tho Melbourno Gaol, whore ho is rapidly recovering. Tho Martini- Henry bullet which lodged in hio foot has boen removed by Dr. Shields, and Kelly has experienced great rolief from the operation. The New South Wales Court, at tho Melbourno Exhibition, under tho direction of Mr. Jules Joubert, is advancing rapidly. Tho first exhibit complefod io a trophy of silk cocoon, collected into the form of an obelisk, His Excellency's racehorses wero landod in et« cellent condition from tho Wakatipu, at Welling ton, N.Z., on tho 11th. It is understood that notwithstanding Sir Hercules' departure from tho colony, his horses will perform at tho Canterbury meeting. The Geelong 2 V{;:oj oayo -'Wo can otato upon authority that a gentleman well known in Geolong has made up hio mind to invest twenty thousand pound o in tho orection of a factory and plant in this town upon tho condition that Mr. Berry is oxpolled from ofiico. The Western coast of Tasmania io practically a terra, incognita. There aro no ror.ds to it, and somo miners who went to the Sietnan gold- fields thero have been nearly starved several times,, and havo just beon relieved again at tho ospeneo of tho Government. At tho Melbourne Exhibition over tho maia entrance into tho annexe, is a scroll, in scribed, 'Victoria Welcomes all Nations,' be neath which it hao been suggested tho wordG ' At 25 per cent, ad valorem ' should bo added.' Tnn rumours circulated of the loss of Lewis, tho explorer of Western Australia, aro no6 generally believed. He left a station on tho Gaocoyne River last April, and io supposed to havo gone towards other stations in a north western direction. Feou Now Zealand wo learn that fearful galea have beon blowing over tho w'nolo of tho Middle Island, and also Wellington. Buildings and chimneys havo been blown down, o,nd groaft damage hao beon dono. No fatal or shipping casualties are, however, reported, A large number of unemployed aosombled in Melbourno on Monday. They proceeded to the G-overnment offices, whero Mr. Berry de clined to seo them. They then proceeded to tho Argus office, when, aftor somo talking, they cheered and moved on. A irtrMBER of sovereigns, amounting in all to about 200, were found by tho men engaged in making tho Military Road between Sandridge and St. Hilda, Victoria. Mont of tho sovereigns boar the dates of 1836, 1837, and 1838. The vicinity was a«s ono timo occupied by Chineaa fishermen. The remains of a man about thirty years of ago wero found near Wicklifre, Victoria, under circumstances which would indicato murder. Tho skull wao fractured as if by a blunt instru ment. The body had evidently beon for eom» weeks whero it wao found. A religious monomaniac, namod John Tyler9 wao arrested at Hamilton, Nov/ Zealand. He is under tho belief that ho ha3 performed miraculous cureo on tho sick, and that ho is being persecuted for so doing. A copy of a letter sont to the Queen was found on him, dated from Blanawatu. We learn that Mr. John Hurley's Company has fully completed arrangements with th@ Queensland G-overnmont to carry out tho Burrum railway, and havo lodged £6000 ao a guarantee to finish the lino within two years from tho passing of the Ac-t, authorizing tho construction of tho oamo. The following lotter has beon addressed to tho leading bookmaker in Melbourno : — Mr. ? . ' Dear Sir, — I hear you are offering a bet of £10 to £1 that Edward Kelly will not be hung ; if so, I am open to speculate in £l's-worth with you. P.S. — Write soon and let me know,' &o.; The ova of salmon trout and brown troub which havo been obtained from tho artificial opawning-beds at ICrcildoune, Victoria, oro now beginning to hatch out. The young fry ara strong and lively, and the eyes of tho fish aro visiblo in most of the eggs which wore first collectod. Police-tboopeb Bruce and a man named Edwards, while out in a boat near Lipoon's Island, Port Elliott, S.A., were attacked by an octopuo, whose tentacles encircled tho boat, which pulled over until half full of water, and they wer® in great danger of being owamped. Tho ocou pauto escaped with considerable difficulty. Tiie wino show at Melbourno World's fair promioeD to bo grand. Tho A ge says : — ' Numer ous ontrieo havo been received from Franco, Aus tria, Germany, Italy, California, tho Cape of Good Hope, and tho Australian colonies. Vic toria alone will be roprecented by 500 different sampleo.' The Melbourno unemployed again waited on tho Minioter for Works on Tuesday, when he in formed them that as soon ao the Lancefield Rail way was commenced, and the Harbour Trust Bill pasoed, there would bo plenty of work ; but, in the meantime, ho would try to seo what tem porary relief could be afforded. No beginning will be made with tho pre parations in tho American court at the Melbourne Exhibition, which io almost empty juot now, un til tho arrival of Mr. Pickering, executive com missioner, who io coming by tho next San Fran cioeo mail, and ought to be in Melbourno by the second weok in Soptembor. Tn« South Australian Parliament hao passod a meanuro by which public-houoeo will bo allowed to remain open on Suudayo, from 1 till 2 in tho aftornoon, and from 8 till 9 in tho evening. An attempt to bind tho Sunday trado to tho jug and bottlo department, with drinking on fche- premicos, v/as nogatived by a majority of 12. - MtrOH diugust was expressed at tho action of '?'the authoritioo of Now South Wales in directing ,r the authorities at Moama and other crosoing ^stations on tho Murray to cause Victorian bank notes up to tho valuo of £50 to bear a oix- ponny ; , doty efcamp, fcho same being considered promissory ! noteo. Tho wharfage duties also imposed must tend greatly to cripple the intercolonial trado. ..... The 'Age' and the Geelokg- Election. — ? ?: 'During ovory oxciting electoral contcE's tho cir culation of a certain number of slanderous state Hicnts may be expected, but systematic lying has ; never been carried to ouch an extent as in tliic ' present election for Geelong. To-day'o (Tues day's) Age has a leading article founded on cor . tain wordc said to havo beon uttered by Fathor Carroll at tho 8 o'clock moss on Sunday last, . . whilst tho fact is that Father Carroll did not ??«elebralo maso in Geolong at all last Sunday. Ho ? officiated at Drycdalo and Queoncelifi'o. A few ''vrofds spoken by tho Venerable tho Archdeacon at the 11 o'clock mans havo boen twisted and dis torted in a wandrous fashion. Tho Arehdoacon merely informed tho congregation of what had transpired at tho mooting of Catholic electors on .Friday ovoning, and expressed a hopo that Chris tians in general would unito in an effort to re introduce roligious instruction into tho primary . Bchoolo. — Melbourne Advocate. At a meeting of tho Exhibition Ceremonial : Committeee, held rccontly at Melbourno, it v/as ' decided that tho ceremony should commence at 11 o'clock on Friday, tho 1st October, and that; after tho porformance of M. Leon Caron'd 'cantata, the addresses should bo presented to his Excellency tho Governor, and tho Exhibition be ?formally declared open. The machinory will bo . Btartcd simultaneously, and the vice-regal party . 'will then leavo the dais and proceed to tho dif ; feronfc courts of tho Exhibition. Tho committee . vill,*if possible, make arrangements for a strong muster of tho naval and military forces of Vic-: toria on tho occasion, and it is probablo that the crews of tho men-of-war iti the harbour will also take part in the demonstration. Tho moment the Exhibition is declared open -the Royal Standard will bo hoisted on the dome, forming a signal for the war vessels, by whom salutes will bo fired, and the shore batteries will reply. A GOtleman who arrived at Melbourne on August 19 from Dunolly reports that a nugget of gold worth about £100 was found by a carrier on the Boyne-road at Jones's Creek, which is stationed between Tarnagulla and Dunolly. The .carrier (sayB tho Herald), who was walking alongside his waggon, stumbled against some hard substance, and, thinking it, was a lump of earth, lie kicked it out of tho road. By kicking it some of tho earth v/as displaced, and revealed that an auriferous substance was underneath. j Martin Cherry's Death. — One of all the persons T/ho was confined in Jones'G Hotel, Glen rowan, on the memorable morning the polico Btormed tho building, has sent, an account t.o tho ? Benalla Standard, describing how Martin Cherry met hio death. Tie eayo Cherry was lying flat on the floor, whilst ho was lying amongst some BUcks of wheat. Ho could hear occasional bullets ripping into the bags about him. Cherry at last pitifully eang out that he was shot. Liko a brave hearted fellow I ho other man camo out from hi-* retreat, and though every inotanf. lm was in danger of being killed ' himself, ' hastin tumlaged up poor Chorry'c wound. It v/as in liu- gruin, and he was rapidly bleeding to death. Then for protection ho covered up tho old man with a mattress, and again retreated amongst the wheat bags till 10 o'clock ? in tho day, when the polico allowed the prisoners to como out of the hotel. All the evidence plainly indicates that Kolly wao not in tho place at the. timo Cherry was sacrificed by what wo may coll the excessive zeal of tho police. 