Recent Rambles In London Br a Brisbane Cit. No. IX. t must not neglect to notice the splendid .limes-which comprise the Albert Hall and b, o of the Horticultural Society. Of the latter »Tere is scarce need to speak, they aro so well . but the Albert Hall is at least a kn°*s!ly ¡n itself. Its coat waa about £200,000, clla ¡t ¡ä capable of seating between C000 and ÎL nersons, and on occasion oven 2000 moro. Ä^ien is taken from a Roman amphitheatre, ÏA style of building is the Italian Re .-ance The base is of plain red brick, but ¡rîiTîs enlivened with the abundant uae of terra tU,A» and the like. The frieze ia com eil of encaustic tesserro, and above these is Fi?« entablature, with a widely- projecting balcony ifi acro--8. Surrounding the building, and high «¡ive tho balcony, is mosaic work representing Sous allegories descriptive of the arts, oom T ' ¡iud manufactures. Above the frieze, m »rri-cotta, ¡n letters 1ft. high, ia the sacred i -t . " Thino, O Lord, is the greatness, and the nwer and the glory, and the victory, nnd the !«tY' for all that is in the heaven and the this Thine. The wise and their works aro ïTtbe hand of God. Glory be to God on high, "nd on earth peace." The diflrculty waa to pro dde in so huge a building, that people might 1oth hear aud see. There is the vast hall of oval «hine ami surrounding it an outer Bhell of stair e«cV corridors, refreshment and retiring rooma ; whilst the southern end of the hall ia almost filled by the organ and the rising tiors of seats of the orchestra. The coup d'osil, when the hall is filled on the occasion of some grand concert, is munificent. The organ is said to be the largest in the world: it "contains 120 registers, about S00O pip«, distributed over four manuals, and a pedal organ. The pipes vary in length from about 3lit. to 3in." The nearest approach to it is that at the Alexandra Palace ; and it is about double the size of that in St. Paul's Cathedral. It is alone worthy of a Bpeoinl visit, witb its array of burnished pipes ; and soma idea of tho volume of sound may be conceived when we And that tho wind-power is supplied by two steam engines. Tho hall is lighted by nearly 7000 gas iets, attached to thirty gold-colored chandeliers, and a third ring of sixty chandeliers with twenty one lights each. Though there are other portions of the building for reserved uses, such as lectures on art and science, yet it has rarely as yet been used for other purposes than concerts on a gigan- tic scale-on one occasion aa many aa 1200 in- strumentalists nnd vocaliata having occupied the orchestra. With regard to the buildings of tho Horticultural Society, they are chiefly interesting for their grand series of arcadea, on different levels, running round the building, none of them being les3 than 20ft. wide and 25ft. high, affording promenades in all weathers, to the extent all together of three-quarters of a mile. I must now pay a flying visit to the justly celebrated South Kensington Museum, which eclipses all places of amusement and instruction in tho Great Metropolis. Space forbids more than a cursory glance at ita art treasures which, by-the-bye, seem to be ever on the increase. It is essentially a "loau" exhibition, so far at least as that some of its richest treasures are the property of privato owners. The building itself-which does not appear to be on any de- cided plan-covers already a large space of ground (about twelvo acres), which latter cost the Government £60,000. In its coiiBtruotion brick and tcrra-cotta uaually prevail: the interior, however, is vory beautiful in certain portions, with large courts, cloiatera, and picture-galleries. The ornamental galleries are a great feature. The upper portion of the walls ¡3 divided into thirty-sis alcoves (eighteen on either side) con- taining portraits, in mosaic, of eminent mon of all ages connected with the arta, especially thoso who have been distinguished as ornamentalists, or as workers in bronze, marble, or pottery, lu the courts tho " loan collections" are chiefly de deposited, together with a miscellaneous assort- ment of objects of art, valuable gifts of booka, engravings, &c.; Then thero are the Oriental Courts, containing examples of the workmanship of tho Hast Indies, China, Japan, Persia, &e.; The largest court is called the New Court ; hero among plaster reproductions ia to be found a model of Trajan's column at Rome, in three portions, of the size of the original, including even tho pediment. Amid the mo3t choice sculpture, pottery, stained glasä, and innu- merable objects of the deepest interest, mention must bo made of the picture-galleries, which contain some worka of tho most renowned artists, living or dead, within the last century. The loans, in short, of art treaaurea made to the museum, from her Majesty downwards, it would bo impossiblo adequately to describe. The art schools attached havo separate apartments for malo and female Btudents, Professors, moreover, of high standing preside over these schools. There is excellent provision made alao to enable visitors and students to dino or obtain refresh- ments without the necessity of leaving the building. The latter ia open gratia to the public, except on two art-daya a-week, when admittance can still be obtained by tho payment of sixpence each person at the doors. As tho Stage occupiea in tho preaent day a position of considerable importance for good or evil, many of my readers will doubtless expect to know bow London fares in this respect. Many old playgoers will indeed marvel at the rapid improvements of the past few years-improve- ments that may be truly referred aa much to the euterpriso of the people as to the increase of population. The total number of theatres in London is fifty-seven, capable of holding 126,100 persons ; and there are 415 miuic-halls, capable of_ holding 175,900 persona; making all together 4"2 places, accommodating 302,000 persons. This includes the Crystal Palace and the Alex- andra Palace, which have theatrical licenses assigned to them. I propose describing the theatres first, though many of them, gorgeoua as they are in bijouterie, are so much alike that when you have seen one you may be said to have seen a hundred. They have virtually, if not actually, closed the two great theatres of our boyish days, Drury Lane and Covent Garden ; yet for all that, and indeed for that reason, I mustrecall some memories of the hitter. Their practical crime appears to be that they are too »arge, except for operatic purposes, or even for spasmodic revivals of the workB of that " divine creature,' Shakspeare," aa the witless have it. ihe truth more probably ia that tbey have not those compact modern appliances, or ensure that vanety of entertainment which bo charms the frequenters of the Gaiety or the Criterion. tW « rt'fc aS Jt may' ttere m ever? ProDabi1¡ty Tt Old Drury" at leaat will pasa away ore jong, and its place be known no more. In ita Utter years Drury Lane Theatre has been Ercrytlilng by turns, and nothing long ; once a monster concert-hall, then a Trench bip podrome, and at another time an arena for the <aged.display of wild beasts ; for baa not Bunn, a once lessee, told ua that " Van Amburgh was a peater success, in a pecuniary point of view, waa Mr, Uacready?" it has been burnt down T'?e' I believe, and may share the same fate »an-like that during the famous lesseeship of ¡sheridan, when London's sons in nightcap woko, In bedgown woko her dames ; »£, lt3 wero heard, 'mid uro arid smoke, The plnj house is in fiamos I" And Sheridan, then at the House of Commons, bu> . !t to0' aud rushed at once to the scene ; 'hm U vä 'earn> while seeing his property in £ !?«, he Bat down with his friend Barry, in a reff', . e .°PP0läi<<e> to a bottle of port, «' coolly hi? ]% in answer to some friendly oxpostu a Tu, that it was ' hard if a man could not drink oi -ti'3 °î wme by Ws owu nre-' " Tlie salaries . "«ors have marvellouBly increased since those j._. =i when even Edmund Kean only received a ,^OTer¡£60 nightly. A writer of fortv years 4\. * tQafc " Malibran drew five times the lili ? CoIonîal Secretary; the President r,r j?"1?1 was not so well paid as Ellen Tree, Uleread ,femier oE Great Bri', vin as Mr. ... mS- As a general rule the salaries of "'-tarri1-!'6'T0^ e1ualUed in the present day, and c-iav -. ls leea frequent- because there are bo c-ivf,i "tSJ yet edarno Christine Kilsson re ''"-ann ii înîBht at Drury Lane, and Patti s a^.ifv. t Was paid £80° for singing six 'J-d'Dn. ù;,LlverP0°l Musical Festival. It was and cl-i'1? il createa « it were that popular ti. ., ,T\al D0°k of Horace and Janies Smith, .^ wPl TCted Addresses." The copyright of thjuimi wn work was BoId for ««wards of a !=-> wh P°Tds> WeU> wel1 i T *»a11 know at ^'t tWi id D,rury iB Bone thai- ita boards -<\--'n fwif d-en.by some o£ the nw renowned . ureat Britain has produced. And when we arrive at Covent Garden (now the firm and possibly lasting abode of opera), what a host of memories riae up of Woffington Macklin, Cooko, the KembleB, tho " Youug Roa cius," and tho famous 0. P. riots ; while in more recent days aro found the names of Patti, Lucca, Trobelli, Albani, besides Santley, Faure, Nicolini, Tamberlik, and tho great Sir Michael Costa, chef d'orc7icstra. Mr. Forstor, in bia lifo of Charles Dickens, recorda the fact that when Dickeua waa about twenty yeara old he applied to Mr. Bartley, the then manager of Covent Gardon, for an engage- ment at that theatre, and a day was fixed for him to make a trial of bia powera. When the day came ho waa laid up with a bad cold, and could not appear ; his trial waa therefore post- poned till the next season. In the meantime he had mado himself famous by his pen, and bo he took to literature instead. AVo all know what au actor he proved himself to be in after years, and to that "bad cold" wo may possibly owe the entire series of woika that havo rendered bia namo immortal. A curious story ia still current of tho celebrated comedian Elliston-the same mau of whom report says that, during his imper- sonation of George the Third, he waa so excited by the vigorous applause of the audieuco that ho came forward to the footlights and with much emotion exclaimed, " Bless you, my people." It was at a period when thnt miserable though amiable mauager, Charles Keinble, presided at Covent Garden, that the treasury-door had the words "No effects" written over it ; and indeed the whole nflair was in Chancery, Elliston, from love of bia old triumphs in that region, generously came to the rescue, by lending T. P. Cooke and the musical score of " Black-eyed SuBan," with the " identical coats" worn at the Surrey court martials ; and out of Cooke, score, and coats Covent Gorden, after only six nights, gained over ¡£1000. Cooke had been as popular and as potent hore as at tbo Surrey, where ho " made bargemen weep and threw nuraery maida into convulsions." But it subsequently carno to pass that Elliston determined to electrify his transpontine audi- ences with some of the works of the divine " creature" Shakspeare, and announced as a com- mencement a representation of the Stratford Jubilee. Now Bottom the Weaver was a feature iu the procession, and ho found at tho last moment that tho resources of his theatre did not include an ass's head. The acting-manager sug- gested an apology for the head, but Elliston said No-he could not have the face to do it. So ho determined to write to Kemble and borrow one ; upon which tho following characteristic corre- spondence took place :-" My dear Charles,-I am about to represent, ' with entirely new dresses, scenery, and decorations,' tho Stratford Jubilee, in honor of the sweet swan of Avon. My Bceue-paintor is the finest artist (except your Grieve) in Europe ; my tailor is no less a genius ; and I lately raised the salary of my property man. This will give you some idea of the capa- bilities of the Surrey Theatre. However, in the hurry of ' getting up' we have forgotten ono pro- perty-everything is well with na but our Bottom, and he wants a head. As it is too late to manufacture-not but that my property-man ia the clevereat in tho world (except the property man of Covent Garden)-can you lend me nn ass's head ?-and believe me, my dear Charles, yours ever truly, Robeut William Elliston. P.S.-I had forgotten to acknowledge the return of the ' Black-eyed Susan' score and coats. You were most welcome to them." To thia letter, in a brief time, carno the following anawer :-" My doar Robort,-It ia with the most acute pain that I am compelled to refuse your trifling request. You are aware, my dear sir, of the un- fortunate situation of Covent Garden Theatro ; it being at the present moment, with all the dresses, scenery, and decorations, iu the Court of Chancery, I cannot exorcise that power which my friendship would dictate. I have spoken to Bartley, and ho agrees with mo (indeed ho always does) that I cannot lend you an ass's head-he is an authority on such a subject without riaking a reprimand from the Lord High Chancellor. Trusting to your gonoroaity nnd to your liberal construction of my refusal, and hoping that it will in no way interrupt that mutually cordial friendahip that has over sub- sisted between us, believe mo, over yours, Charles Kemble. P.S.-When I next see you advertised for 'Tho Rover,' I intend to leave myself out of the bill, and como and seo it." This letter did not remain long unanswered, aa follows :-" Dear Charlea,-I regret tho aituation of Covent Gorden Theatro ; I alao, for your Bake, deeply regret that the law does not permit you to send me the ' property' in question. I knew that law alone could prevent you ; for, wero it not for tho vigilance of equity, such is my opinion of Covent Gardon that I am convinced, if left to the dictates of its own judgment, it would be enabled to spare asses' heads, not to the Surrey alone, but to every theatre in Christendom. Yours ever truly, Robeiit William Elliston. P.S.-My wardrobe-keeper informs me that there aro no leas than seven buttons missing from the captains' coats. However, I havo ordered their places to bo instantaneously filled by others." No. X. The old Olympic, celebrated in the days of Vestria, Charles Mathews, and the elder Farren, ia still a popular house with the play-going public, whilo the majority of the small now theatres are so jammed in, as it were, with houses that the undertaking to raise them at all has been a singularly difficult one. Lot us take for example tho two theatres the Globe and tho Opera Comique, which are erected on the bite of old Lyon's Inn, one of the Inna of Court for- merly, and latterly the abode of a few discounting sharpe«. Here difficultiea somewhat aimilar to those which caused the deep excavations for the Criterion theatre were encountered. They stand at the junction of Newcastle-street and Wych-street. The Globe Theatre will seat 1500 person3, and is handsomely decorated. The ex- cavations here make the floor of the pit many feet below the line of the street, and it is ap- proached by a steep flight of steps from Wych street. In Wych-street also are the entrances to the gallery stairs and to the "royal box." The ordinary boxes are entered from Newcastle street, and are on a level with the street, so that stairs are avoided. Here, too, cuter the occupants of the stalls. The general arrangement of seats ia bo perfect that all that is passing on the stage can be distinctly seen and heard from any part of the house. The principal front of tho Opera Comique is in the Strand, and those who frequent that thoroughfare will find it difficult to imagine how it got there at all. The frontage in the Strand is nothing, in truth, but the entrance to an underground way leading across Holywell-strcet to the theatre itself, which has been built between that thoroughfare and Wych street. The building ia, however, very Bmall and backs on the Globe, and is to a conaidcrable extent, like the Criterion, underground ; a long flight of stairs in Wych-atreet leads to the stage level, and the pit, of eourae, is lower than that again. It ia pretty, but not remarkable for its entertainments, which consist principally of French plays or opera bouffe, presented sometimes in French and sometimes in English. But perhaps the greatest amusement in many senses may be derived-even also in an in- structively vulgar sense-from the past and present history of the transpontine theatres. It formerly used, with much truth, to be said of them that they catered only for the amusement of those to whom the most appalling and loath Bome vice and depravity were aa familiar things. It is not bo now- thanks to those wondrous efforts of charity and philanthropy which have so changed the outward surface at least of the British character at large. The well-known Victoria Theatre (changed latterly unsuccessfully into a half- theatre half music-hall) is one of the most amusing, though foul, retrospections of the past. And the details I now give are intended not so much to furnish " frightful examples" as to exhibit one portion of that shady aide of London which ia not by any means so shady now as it used to be. Trans- pontine theatres were generally built for spec- tacular and "sensational" performances. The Victoria Theatre, formerly called the Coburg, opened with a piece called " Trial by Battle ; or Heaven Defend the Right" It was but a little in advance of a once-popular drama entitled " The Coalheaver's Curse ; or the three Bloody Blade-bones." The former was a sanguinary melo- dramatic spectacle, followed1 by a harlequinade ; whilst the play-bills concluded "with the comfort- able assurance that " extra patroles are engaged for the bridge and roads leading to the theatre, and particular attention will be paid to the lighting of the same." The fashionable audience did not like the whole affair, and old " Vic," as it was called, for many years enjoyed a very doubtful reputation. It was the place so well described by tho oidor Charles Mathews: " Tho lower orders rush there in mobs, and in shirt sleeves applaud frantically, drink ginger beer, munch apples, crack nuts, call the actors by their Christian names, and throw them orange- peel and apples by way of bouquets." An amusing account is given in tho Daily News of the period of tho closing of the old Vic, in order to rear in its place a palace that failed after all to attract a superior class of frequenters. Every precaution waa taken so that tho Victoria Theatre might end its days in peace. There, we are told, was an audience overawed by the thoughts of tho solemn moment. There, " as cending from gallery front into the dim roof, were the lusty roughs, short-sleeved, slop-clothed, and cropped as of yore ; but no missiles came from their hands ; no internecine warfare was carried on, to the mingled delight and terror of the beholders ; no oaths resounded from side to side ; no Bedlam was let loose, as in tho olden times, when respectable West-enders would not have dared to enter tho house without an un- questioned life-assurance." Composed, as the audience was, of people who lived in tho high ways and byways of Lambeth, it was very decorous ; there was little response to the usual catcalls ; and we learn that the " very children in arms stared wondrously at the drop-scene, and rubbed their sticky little knuckles iuto their sleepy little eyes." When " Rob Roy" closed the night's entertainment the audience was at least satisfied, for there is plenty of naughtiness, brisk fighting, capital songs, and villany in this play to gratify the most fastidious taste. Rashleigh, the villain, was taken by one of the Vic's regular performers, who was described as "a painstaking artist, with fine rolling eye, trembling hand oft raised aloft, strongly-heaving bosom, and r's well rolled out from tho inner depths." When tho manager's speech came tho godlings shouted " Hear, hear ;" for did he not promise them that tho speciality of tho Victoria should be retained in the new building ? and when he retired and tho curtain fell probably for tho last time " a mournful-voiced bare-armed young man in the front row of the gallery audibly summed up the case thus :-' Ah ! the poor old Wic ! Pass tho arf-an'-arf, Arry.' " Astley's Theatre, so long the cynosure to boyish and girlish eyes, is still in existence, but, since the management of Dion Boucicault, who remodelled it, "the circle" has been discontinued. Yet its old associations still remain, for horses, camels, dromedaries, and even elephants are often introduced to heighten "spectacular effect." Charles Dickens, about half a century ago, thus described it:-"It was not a 'Royal Amphi theatre' in those days, nor had Ducrow arisen to shed tho light of classic taste and portable gas over the sawdust of tho circus ; but tho whole character of the place was the same : the pieces were tho same, tho clown's jokes were the same, the riding-masters were equally grand, tho comic performers equally witty, the tragedians equally hoarse, and the ' high-trained chargers' equally spirited. Astley's has altered for thu better-we have altered for tho worse." Thackeray mentions it in "The Newcomea;" how Uncle Nowcome laughed at Mr. Merrymen's jokes in tho ring, and " beheld the Battle of Waterloo with breath- less iuteroat, and was amazed-yes, amazed, by Jovo, air !-at tho prodigioua likonesa of the principal actor to the Emperor Napoleon." Even the Earl of Beaconfield, then plain Mr. Disraeli, alludes to it in a speech many years ngo:-"I dine aay, now, aomo of you havo heard of Mr. Ducrow, that celebrated gentlemau who ridea on six horaea. What a prodigioua achievement! It seems impossible ; but you havo confidence in Ducrow. You fly to witness it ; unfortunately one of the horaea ia ill, and a donkey is substi- tuted in ita place. But Ducrow ia still admirable There ho ia bounding along in apnngled jackot and cork alippera I The whole town ia mad to seo Ducrow lidiug at tho samo timo on bíx horses ; but new two more of the steeds aro seized with the staggers, and, lo ! threo jackasses in their stead ! Still Ducrow persista, nud still nnnouuees to the public that he will rido round bia circua every night on bia bíx stceda. At laat all tho horaea aro knocked up, and now there aro half-a-dozen donkeys. What a chango ! Behold the hero in the amphitheatre-tho apaugled jackot thrown on ono aide, the cork slippers on tho other. Putling, pantiug, and perspiring, ho pokes one sullen bruto, thwacks auother, cuffs a third, and curses a fourth, while one brays to tho audience, and another rolls in tho sawdust. Behold the lato Primo Minister and the Reform Ministry, their steeds gradually changing into donkeys ; while Mr. Merryman, who, Uko tho Lord Chancellor, was once tho very lifo of the ring, now lies his despairing length in the middle of the stage, with his jokea exhaaated, and his bottle empty." But it is fair wo should give a short Bketch of the originator of all this-tho re- nowned Aßtley himaelf. Thia remarkable mau-the founder in fact of that popular exhibition, the "Circus"-waa meanly educated, but, whilo serving with aome diatiuction, as a privato in a cavalry regiment, he acquired many fcata of horsemanship from an itinerant equestrian, and first attracted uotico by repeating these for tho amusement of bia com- rades. After bia diachargo from tho army he sot up a riding Behool, and thia was the beginning of what subsequently brought honor and fortuno to tho onergotio and enterprising equestrian. As a predecessor of the horse-tamer Rarey, by a long interval, we find him advertising that " for half a-gtiinea he makes known his method of learning (teaching) any horse to lay (tie) down nt the word of commaud, and defies anyone to equal it for safety and oase." Ho first taught George III. the secret of managing horses, and became a great favorite with the king. He began of course with very small resources, which consiated of his own performances and those of bia wife on a white charger. Ho undertook to break in the most vicious horse, as well as to teach gentlemen " the truo and perfect seat on horseback." His Binall beginnings, aided by the prudence and paraimony of himself and his wife, booh brought him into such fame that, when the London season was over, he removed his troupe to Pari«, and for mnuy years continued the latter successfully. After a whilo, however, he chose to relinquish the chief earea of management to his son, and subsequently accompanied the Duke of York, who commanded the British army, to the Conti- nent, whence he was recalled by tho burning of bia old theatre, only to replace it by a now and more aplendid one. While with tho army he presented the men of his old regiment, the Fifteenth, with a supply of needlea, thread, buttons, bristles, twine, leather, useful in mending clothea ; as well as a quantity of flannel, setting all the females of his establishment to work in making a warm waistcoat for every man of the regiment, and in a corner of each garment there was sewn what ho termed "a friend in need," in other words a splendid uhilliug. This generosity, wo may readily presume, did not diminish the receipts at the doora of bia theatre. When Astley firat atarted bia entertainment he had " no other music than a common drum, which waa beaton by bia wife ;" to thia ho added» a fife, and subsequently employed a regular orchestra. Though he had always a good band and a good leader, yet ho evidently considered them next to an almost uaelesa drain on the treasury. " Any fool," he UBed to say, " can handle a fiddle, but it takes a man to manage a horse ; and yet I have to pay a fellow that playa upon one fiddle aa much salary as a man that ridea upon three horses." Such opinions, freely expre»aed, of course led to angry scenes, of which other amusing anecdotes aro related. The Music Halla of London next claim atten- tion ; not, save the mark ! from any intrinsic merits they possess, nor for the fact of there being over four hundred of them, but because they are evidently a modern and ob&tinate; "in- stitution" beloved by the masses. Though many of these mUBic halls are virtually, if not actu- ally, licenaed theatrea, yet their apeciality is that a portion of the audience at least can indulge in tobacco and other accompanying refreshments. In those cases where the persons composing the audience are not able to partake of these things while witnessing the performance from their seats, there are in remote corners several buffets, pre- sided over by well-got-up damsels who dispense refreshments for the inner man. The leading halls of this kind are the Canterbury, the London Pavilion at the head of the Haymarket, the Oxford, and the Alhambra. But I will take the Canterbury as my chief illustration, on account of the taste and magnificence displayed in its arrangements and decorations, and from the fact of ita claiming the honor of being the first of the kind eatablished in London. The Canterbury Hall, close to old Aatley's theatre, ia only to be reached by crossing West- minster Bridge and entering a region once justly catalogued among the "sluma" of London. Rising, however, to the occasion which has uBhered in a marvellous improvement in public manners and public taste, it now stands out as a bright gem set in a plain and corrodial mass of iron, and, though of tho latter quality, still at trnctiug to ita excellent ontcrtaiuiniuta not only the "awtlls of tho othtr side of the water, but ov en, aa roport whispers, bouio members of roj alt} itself lhere must then-and this is duo to tho great outlay of the present leasoe-bo a new laptuio in a place which aQords attractions which triuspoutme efforts havo hrtherto signally failed to produce In Ritchies " À\lght bide of London it was formerly described aa a low neighborood, aud maj bo low still foi tho matter of that, though hore is a tangible reality, doubt lc8s destined to elevate bouio portiona nt least of the denueiiB of these regions Tho old building I need not describe It had its " chairman, as I saw at tho Oxford recently, as a mero fossil the interest in which ia djing out, and who took not altogether dull work nr arttrng from 7 till 12 o clock, chaffing and bung chaflld, drinking, aud amoking cigars The origin of tho Cautoibury Hall waa the Canteibury Arma, a public houao txiatiug m what, till built over, waa called tho ' Marsh, and from sing song or harmonic meotiugs one lestée nfttt another gradually e\panded the stylo of con vivulity till "operatio seltotrous bogan to bo nppiecnttd, compotent artists weie engaged, and fiom ouo ndvanco to another the building was tiausformed iuto the posent model of aa perfect a theatre as can bo found anywhcio lho talent, I bolievo, is the best that can bo proem od, and some of the salants leach over £30 i week Its oiiginal True Arts Gallery, winch Punch called the " Royal Academy over the watei, has long siuco disappeared 'lho piesent structure may therefore bo said to bo au eutiuly uew building, on the most approved principles with regaid to acoustic propcities and ventilation, there being, in respect of the latter, a movable roof lu this region, by the bye, ouco losuled tho famous clown, Grimaldi a man of a meian choly and nervous temperament-a ghost seokor, perpotitnlly wandonng from churchyard to chinchyard in search of a really "diy spot whoro his "rommus might bo interred, nud re minding us of the famoua Liatón, who, when a physiciau to whom ho waa a stianger advised him to BhakeoQ his melaucholv. bj going "to seo Liatón, lophed, "lam that uufortunito indi vidual lho outrance to tina hall ia through a handsomely paved and lighted aveiiuo, and m that poi tiou leading to the choicest part of tho audttoi mm the visitor passes thiough a bi llhiintly lighted vestibule, onoue Bido of which aie stallte tite caverns, illuminated grottos, a haudsonio and well served büßet for refreshments, and, miall), a lavatorj, well lighted and lookod after by attend ants, as indeed aie all the other arran momenta Through foldiug doora, acroened by curtains, you outer tho area dovoted to tho atarla, and hero tho coup d ml of this chaate and li indaomo theatro first impresses the visitor I was certainly not prepared to seo so much Bpaco, or tho accommodation ¡iflorded foi an audieuco of about 2000 lhere is a grace and am noss which I had failed to find in moat of tho buildings of tho kind m tho Metropolis The interior ia lavish of white and gold, the piosoeiiiiim ia one mass of golden palm loaves, while tho baleoi les aro also supported by rows of gollen pilni ti ees tho hanging fiuit being ropre aonted by brilliant gas jet«, at once novol and beautiful in their deeoration Ihe atnllB aro nido and moat comfortably furnished, each with ita small slab in front to hold «rue, beor, or othoi forms of "queneheia aa Dick Swiveller would say, and the fortunato and often bwcIIibIi occu panta of these seats aro w uted on by footmen ni livery and powder Ihe perforumuooa alao aro no less elegant and select, commencmg often with a music ii milangc of aomo kind, a musieil farco with beautiful and appropnito aceiierv, comic and seutimeutal eoloa, and winding up with tho nanni ballot, in winch tho pi osent public mania foi legs is of cohibo hifchlj gratified, though lega appeared to me not to be m ide bo strongly and outrageously a speciality hoie as els»ivheio Between tho porfoiminces there woro of courso the usual aoiobatic fe ita, performed by two men and ouo woman Those aoiobats would havo frightened any audience had thoy not been protected bj a linga netting sproad ovei tho heads of tho people One dnnug flight of tho woman waa especially noticeable Sho had nscende 1 by a uiov iblo lope ia high as tho top of the proscenium, and, ou a given Biyial, nbao lutely flew through tho air, catching with un- erring aim the ankles of a mau moving gracefully to and fro ou a tra] èv , nid on mother occ ision caught bim by tho bauds when ho waa swinging by his feet from tho same liaiè/o, and on eieh occasrou as tho tn[ ö/o swung biek m rta return abo relaxed her hold to catch inothoi tia] Ace, and then alighted like a bird on the sm ill sus pended stage w heneo she had atarttd Hie latter waa on the whole a most wonderful and oleg mt performance 1 lie theatio seemed to bo ciowdcd in ill parts, and the presonoo of ladies ouaured i qurot tono on the p rrt of the vast audiouco that in paat days would hive astonished everyone And tho 6 ime crowds, even greatoi, and certainly moro "mixed, weio m irked features of tho othor music halla No XI Tho Londou Pavilion Music Hall ia densely packed with the gay of both acxea as 10 o clock is reached, and so is the Oxford, and probably tho reat of the four hundred (more or loaa) havo their own customs and usages, which aro per pectly aatisf ictory to their frequenters, if not to the censors of public taste and morals Thanks to tho batter manners of the people, improved as thoy aro since less than twonty years ago, and the excellent quality of tho police force of London, these places aro wonderfully orderly, though those who viait thom may not always return home sober Tho performances at the London Pavilion aro especially attractive to tboao who delight in ballets, whilst the Oxford depends upon tho comro element The Londonera in moat of their purauita, whether of pleasure or profit, aeem to adopt, though tn a drfferont way, the celebrated Horatian maxim that " the poema of water drinkers havo no chance of immortality Lastly, there is the Westminster Aquarium, originally designed as a winter carden and aqua rium, with the full blast of hope that piulan tbropic and scientific idea«, earnestly adjusted for the amelioration of the people, would htre find a perfect and cherished homeattad Aloa ' it baa been far otherwise lho United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, though not, like the latter, in Disraeli b vitw, " living on a Bindle root, and surrounded by a melancholy ocean, is yet disposed to adopt bra suggestion that " they should be amuaed Therefore it came to pass that when the vegetable and piscatorial glories of the Aquarium had becomo Btale-stale, I may add from the commencement - there was a " falling off ' there m the Horatios and othera who fiequentcd it Ihe still "performing otter, the slimy juvenile alligators, and the inyBtenoua and almost opaquo contents of the glass t mka which surround the building, were poor recom ponsea to viBitors from town or country, who "certainly expected Bomethrng better th in this Benoe the fine building of tho Aquarium-for it is really a fine building-waa altered to meet the taste and wishea of the public The fishea, the performing otters, the alligitora, and other friends of Caliban, are still there, and among them none ia greater m repulsiveness than the kiofe crab It is worth a visit to the Aquarium to watch the movements of this repulsive monster of his speciea There is none of the decency of an ordinary crab about him In the firat place ho possesses a rattish looking tail, which no re Bpectable crab would be seen with , and in the next he covers his hideousness with a abell aimi lar to that of a moderately sized land tortoise, and probably, if the truth were known, cribbed fi om the latter This shell, with the diabolical tail alone protruding, hea at the bottom of tho tank, but is occasionally raised, for some pui poBcs of his own, when a ghastly though dirk array of claws and feet, with a perfectly frightful head, ra disclosed, and tho creature again aub sides into a quiescent state These tanks, I ob served, were constantly refreshed by water infused into them by hydraulic prcsauro from some unaeen apparatus And so the Aquarium, inBtead of being a recreative, acientific, and edu cational wintc, garden, baa been pecuniarily forced into the rut of sensationalism-and worse, for the matter of that I Bay worse advrscdly The public who frequent it since the cloung of the notonoua Argyle Rooms must now accept it foi better or worse-with an emphasis on the latter after, say, 9 o clock at night In the day time, however, the place is frequented by simple minded country and other folk, who baak in ita dingmess, and appear to revel in its eccentric variety of entertainments Theae entertainments, which take place nearly every hour throughout the day, are aa indescribable as they are numerous They comprise concerts, plays, ballots, wire rope performances, performing bulls, togother with every facility of refreshment afforded by dining, luncheon, and tho ordinary bullet, and adjoining is a long gallery smoking room Hero a girl i-, at one moment discharged (apparontlv) from a loaded cannon, and a wne ropewnlkei istonishcs you with bia feat, uuaided as ho ia bv auj thing iu shapo of tho conventional bala ice pt lo Altogothor, in tho early hours it is ledolout of sensation, sentnnont, and innocence There i emaiu, how ovor, tw o gigautie str uoturca dedicated both to the amusement aud instruction of the public that it would bo absolutely culpablo on my part to pass ovor in ailouco I alindo to the Crystal and tho Alexandra Palaces Both aro ahko, ns being tho oüshoots of the two Groat Exhibitions of 1SÖ1 and 1862 The Cijstnl Pallico at Sv denham, notwithstanding the i nages mado by firo a few jeal s ago, is still as gi and na over, while ita giouuds aro unsurpassed in floral beauty, thow itor towera, tho vvator tomplea, tho fountains, woio aa elnsto mid ornamental na when I Baw them many years ogi That tho P ilaeo, howovti, does not pa) is a matter searcoly to bo mai veiled at whou one considera tho immense variety of places of tho kind that havo sprung into oxisteuco evoiywhoro, and llratdiaw away visitors fiom, if thoy do not ochpse, their great predecesaui Any prosout description of the hitter would bo superfliioua That it is, ni tho jocular plnaso of Londoners, "n placo in which to spend a happy day," thoio can bo no doubt-that is, if human happiness could bo altogethei independent of fatigue Tho groat Alexandra Palaco also snffeied from tho lavages of «n accidental fire, which (leatio)ed almost the entire building , but upon its i inn« such is tho dotorunucd pluck nud energy of tho Bntish chaiacter-an edifice now stands which ia worthy of a somewhat detailed description This now building, which was opened in 1875, ia eonsti noted in tho moat Bubatmitial m inner, and occupies nu area of about sov on acres It contains tho grand hall, capable of Boating 12,000 viBitors and an orcheatra of 2000 , tho Italian gardon, a epacious couit in which aro asphalt pitha, flower beds, and i fine fountain , also tho conceit loom, which has boon elected on tho best known acoustic principles, an 1 will seat 3500 visitors Tho cousorvatory is surmounted by a glass dome, and in oloso proximity aro two apacioiiB halla for tho oxlnbitiou of woiks of ait, also tho corridor for displajing ornamental woiks lhoro is a comfortable reading room, and near to it aro the modoru Moonah housoaud au Fgj ptiau villa lho theatio ia of the most poifect kind, and will aeat moio thm 3000 poiaons Tho exhibition department, divido I into two parts, tho buaiar department, tho fioutngo of tho stalls, uro all spacious nnd perfect of their kind lho pioturo galleries aro on tho northern Bido of tho building and comprise six fine, largo, well lighted rooina Hie lofieahiuout department is equally completo, and of tho moat oxteneivo character, including apacioua grill and cólico rooms, two biinquotmg rooms, droning, billiard, and amoko rooms, and private rooma for largo oi small parties, mid tho gi and dining saloon, which will accommodate as nmnj as 1000 persons at table The plan of tho basement foi tho olhcient supply of thia vaat eatnbhahuiout ia cousidoied to be the most perfect aud extensivo of tho kind over seen Bosides thiB are the nu morons private oflieea for managers and cleiks lho paik, which is richly timbered, posseasos carnage dnve8, ornamental lakes, Swisa eliAlots, and horticultural gardens At the foot of the hill is a novelty iu tho shapo of a i icceourso upwards of a milo m length, w ith tho handsomest and moat substantial gi and stand m tho king dom Thero ia also a trotting ring on tho Amen can principle, and, in conntctiou therewith, nn oxtouBivo lingo of Btabhug for sevei ii hundred horses, thua ulaptiug the place for nguculturnl ahowa Hie crlckot ground ia ton acres in oitont, with ita pavilions aud eveiy convenience llieio ia a Japauoso village, with ita temple and baza u n circus for equestri in performances, together with a banqueting hall, open an awimmmi, bath, and othoi novel features lhoio is also a channing and secluded nook called the Giovo, or Dr Johuaou a walk , for lho great loxicographer, like the {oofc Mooro ind others, luxuriated in tho olnrmB of sconery diaphyed heio, it being on Muswell Hill, utar Highgite lho view, in fact, from the top of tho hill on which tho Pal ico standa ia declared to bo unrivalled for beauty within many nulcB of Loud u lins magnificent undcrt iking was designad to recreate tho people of tho north of Lojdon, aa tho Sydenham P ilaco waa designed for thoao of the south of the f,reat metropolis, and elaowhero also The latter had been lnaccesaiblo to the pooplo of tho north of London, excopt thoy wero caught on groat oc- casions and by great nttractrous , heneo this fresh marvel of tho entorpnso lavished on public mnuaemiuts It vvus near hore, in lovely Mill hold lane, that that great and almost unsurpassed comedian, Charles Mathowa tho elder, onco re- sided, in nn emboweied cottngp, and surioundcd with a choice collection of object» of interest pertaining to tb< stago Hero it waa that, on a tempestuous nif,ht, when suddenly awakened by his nfliightcd vvrfo to know "what she »hould do, ' ho dtsned her m reply to open tho window and give tho wind a peppermint lo/ougo, mid hero, on another occ isiou, whon very ill, and Ina attendant by miatake had given lum the contents of a bottlo of ink, exclaiming, " Good heavens, Mathows, I have given you ink! he lephed, "Never, ne vei mind my boj, never mind, 111 111-swallow-bit-bit-of blotting paper lho Retenta Pirk, almost aubhmo as it is in verdure, space, grand and noblo trees, exquisito green lawns, the like ot winch ia to bo aoen nowhere out of Lngland or Ireland, leada by a broad w alk up to tho far famed / loloyc ii Gardens And I can write or speak tina ad viaedly, for whero in any region of the wide wide world baa thero boen brought together such a grand collection of animals from every quarter of the gloDe ? These animals-not to put too fine a point on it-aro surrounded, as fai as possible, " with the circumstances which attend them in then wild state, whilst thoy multiply almost as freely and as certainly as in their native homes ' lho denizens of theao far famed and mtoreating gardens are literally to bo numbered by thou sands Ihey embrace "the forest, the doatrt, and the air, ' and eveh auch aa dwoll in the " caverna of the deep " I hose gardens ino on the north weat aide of the park, aro about seventeen acres m extent, and havo been consider ibly un proved of late yeara Ihey were originally established for the exhibition of subjoeta of tho animal kingdom, " alive, or in a «tate of prcser vatiou But the public universally prefer the live ideal or the actual, and do not caro a» a rule for defuncts, though they bo in the highest degree of " preservation ' People have had aire idy enough of the hairless hkma and tho atraw sticking out of tho giraffea, and such gigin trc fry, at the British Museum Ihe irregularly, alnped walka and flower bed» of the garden, too, are charmingly surprising , while at eveiy turn Bomo rustic style of edifice, rppropnated to dif- ferent anim ila, comes into view In various situations also are sheeta of water, with miniature îalandB, containing v irioua apeeies of w itor fowl The gardens aro the property of the Zoological Society of London, and may be aaid to h ive cona- ra« nerd their circcr with a transfer of what w is called the "Royal colleen in in the lower of London That collection ra historically known aa having grown out of a grrup of three leopards the t,ift of the Emperor frederick II to Henry III, ru alluaiou to the three leopirda which adorned bia ahield, though these were afterw irds changed to honB , and the expression to "see the lions ia derived from tho animais formerly confined in the Tower Napoleon Bonaparte could never stomach this exch inge in the royal ahield of England, and, with aomo justice cer tainlj, persistently railed to the laat at the " leopard of England ' lho species of mammalia and birda for a long while wero the staple tie monta of interest to the visitor, till a further ex- citement arrived in tho shape of reptilea of a Bort that could only be comfortably looked at from a distance The " great carim ora," aa they aro Btyled, mcludrug Irons, timora, leopard», jaguars, panthers, &o; , aro now in more comfort able quarters than formerly Marvellous stones are told of the sentimental instinct of hona who have taken up their compulsory quartera here On one occaaion a lioness, jumping over an iron railing that divided her from her mate, struck her foot on the top railing, fracture 1 her apmo, and died , a few weeks after the lion followed her, having pined away at his loss People indeed ahould be very wary how they deal with these animals, whether m " poking them up or feeding them One writer remarks -"If lnqueBta were held on the bodies of beasts, it would have been tho duty of a jury to bring m a verdict of 'wilful murder againat the British public in the case of the seal and the ostrich, the former of which was killed by swallowing a bag of nuts thrown to it by Bottle schojlboy, wrthout cracking the sholls, while the latter was shown, upon dissection, to havo mot its end by twenty one penny pieces, which it could not digeat although it was an ostrich ' lhopythoua and rattlesnakes, however, cannot bo fed in this wa j, na thoy aie covored by largo plate glass casos All theso cieaturos aro often only pro cured at vast oxpouao to tho society-au instauro of which is given in the caBO of tho four gualles that wero imported at a cost of upwards of £2300, including X10Ô0 for etcnraboat paaange , yet tho society baa boon rewarded since by tho births of six fawna Tho arrival of tho first cbiwpniizco cioatod a greater/miore than tho ai rival of tho first hippopotamus (so wo aro told), and tho fashionable wot Id rushed to leavo their caída for tho " little strangei " Yot such ia tho soi ero mortality among the pots of thoso gai 'eua that chimpanzees and hippopotami havo succumbed ono aftor auothor There ia of couisoanoozy poetry about tholattei which datoa from the da) a of auciout Rome, and brings our geognphrcal thoughts back to tho legions of tho White Nilo A voiy cm iona account is given of tho capturo and tiauspoita tiou of tho last hi) popolaiuua, whoso dirty habits were to bo witnessed to then fulloBt and most luodoious ox'ent in tho Qnuleua " Wbcu found ni tho lecdycoveit to which tho mother had confided bim, tho hippopotamus, who uow woigha at least foin tons, was of such small dimensions that the chief huntsman took him up in Ina anus to eany him to tho boat fiom which his men had landed Covered, howovoi, vvrth a coat of shmo raw o slippery than any fish, the calf gilded fi om his gi asp, and sti ugglod to i ognin tho Bufo recesses of tbornoi Quicker than ho, tho hunter used the gail hook fastened to his spear, of the simo model as that used foi a like put pose at tho mouth of tho Nilo 3000 )oaia bofoio, and ati lick lum on tho sido mid safoly hold lum Pi oin Oba) sob, many hundred miles above Cairo, tho hippopotamus tiavolled down m clnrgo of tho hunters and ucompau) of íufautiy, w ho finally lauded lum nt tho British Agoncy in tho month of Novcinbor, IS 19, aud ni May of the following )oai ho was landed on English soil" 'lho oxcitomeut which followed was im- mense, tho number of visitois to tho Gardons suddenly rising fiom 1GS,S93 m 1S19 to 300,102 in IS50 , unpioviug also tho public taste foi these matchless gardens, and being au cainoat of tho lav iah outorpnao of tho propnotora Aftei a few )oais a "mate* wns imported, to dissolvo any melancholy that might attach itself to his novol and scaicoly congonial habitation Moat peoplo who havo aeon the monster will feel cou aliamed lo ngreo with Macaulay, who thus do scribed Ina visit -" I havo soon the lnppopota iniiB, both laleep and nvvako , mid I nu assure you that, aaleep or awake, ho ia tho ugliest of tho vvoika of God [TO Bl CONTIMJl 1) ] 