[?] THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. SYNOD. (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard.) Sirs,— This embryo of a Parliament h3 breathed its last this session, an41 . . . behind a few footmarks in the <»»uds of time. In this anostolic body . ?o have much of the fathers, the canon nd the rubrics, but very little of the futures. The question whether the Bac!""'ieni:ai symbols of the Lord s_ Supper pV'Uid be administered in pewter or silver, or the administration be allowed in the evening; its simple title Lord's Supper going to, prove its evening administration. Then as to Sunday Schools, new and stringent regulations were proposed, from which many of the teachers will dissent ; the teaching to be in the Church of England Catechism, the Prayer- book,, the thirty-nine articles, the homilies,; and, as an afterthought, Scripture lessons. . The lay readers and oatechists are obliged to use printed sermons, except by speoial permission. On the marriage question, whether a system of double sweariug, the bishop's oath and the legal oath be continued ; so that a young bride has to swear and swear again on her bridal day ; and whether persons not living in the parish ought to bo married there, whereas the. Act says — the whole colony. . Such were the shadows of so many ghosts sporting before the intellect of this august body ; but, above all, the formation of a Political Church Association in which the clergy were to nnite, but not he involved in politics, defeated by two votes only, formed a prominent 'subject of debate — three-fourths of the clergy voting: for it. The Parliament was held up as robbers— perhaps part of Kelly's gang " Deserving expurgation, . Dtnied salvation." Then there were formidable resolutions as to the Bishop denying a certain clergyman a license, who it appears is associated with a society at' borne that wears a mask, but strenuously sup ports perfuming the Church with incense, making the Lord's Supper a propitiatory sacri fice, like the Roraisli mass, and, in fact, incor porating the Church of England with the Church of Rome. This knotty ; question of masses and holy water was, however, laid aside for a more convenient season, and the . Babel meeting of tongues having received the benedic tion, were dispersed to their homes to ruminate, on all that was said, but little. done, gathering up. the fragments— a very small basket will contain the whole. . It had been contemplated to endow the Bishop with an inquisitorial office as to clergymen being members of the' Orange Lodges'— the glorious memory of William III. not according with the proposed political association ; but the Orange men were respited for the present. Their ex communication may yet bo a matter of synodical ordinance. The decision of the judges is .that the 6th branch of our constitutional law is directly against the introduction into the colony of the local or spiritual laws of England as to every ecclesiastical matter whatever. They are not applicable to any colony which has an indepen dent Legislature, until adopted by 1 us and con ferred by some especial statute." But the disciples of JameB I. and the admirers of the Christian Bishop Laud say, " Although we admit these are not law in England, and have no power over the laity there, yet they are law here by the aforesaid Act, passed in' 1837, when the Church, here was virtually the Estab lished Church in. the colonies,' but now,', alas, degraded to bo a voluntary body, having no more power, nor lss than the Wesley ans or Con- gregationalists," being a concession ' due to reli gious equality. Well, what does this Act say in the 11th sec- ; tion on powers of churchwardens? After reciting several items; it concludes with these formidable words:— "Also to provide all things which may. be necessary for the duo and erdrr'y celebration of public worship and the administration of the sacraments, Sc., &c.;, according to the directions contained in the rubrics of the Book of Common Prayer and in the constitutions and canons ecclesiastical relating to divine service and the administration of the sacraments agreed with the King's Majesty's license in the Synod, begun in London, 1603." " Hear, hear," shouted King James' men, and the venerable President smiled most graciously at the mare's nest. We have in Canons 56, 57, and 58, the sacramental question put before us. 56\. The socraments to'be nnministered twice a year at least. 57\. Sacraments not to be refused at tho hands of unprcacbing ministers. 58\. Ministers administering the sacraments to wear siirplieoB and graduates' hoods ; these sur plices to have sleeves, &c.;, besides other like, canons.' These clauses authorise only those portions of tlie canons to be law, and no more ? / Does it include impressions of articles of religion, rites and ceremonies, forms of consecration to bo cen sured, maintainers of conventicles to be cen sured, maintainers of constitutions made in con venticles to be excommunicated. Ipso facto ministers who forsake their balling are liable to excommunication; that no man shall teach a school without a license from the ordinance. , -Penalty, for judges offending in the premises : to be' suspended by the acting, bishop or bishops from the exercise of his office a whole year, &e.; . Would any bishop dare to put in force such- intolerance as these canons under the shadow of that portion of the Colonial Act, granting cer tain; powers to churchwardens. .-Yet this sapient idea was received with plaudits from the. Jamesites and the : Laudites, and those dolls of the Church, " the Church XTnionites, " of whom the Arohbishop of Cantor-; bury say a They; are for the restoration of the eucharistic - vestments,' for the elevation of the .. consecrated ; ' vestments as a j propitiatory sacrifice, and to obliterate every trace of the Reformation." To license such' men' would be treason. When will the . Church of England get rid of all this antiquated lumber and have a service of perfect freedom," following Christ 'and the apostleB in their humility ond their sim plicity, unclogged by rites, ceremonies, canons, and statutes — often intolerant and oppressive. Yours, &c;«, RICHARD SADLIER. 