THE NEW GOVERNMENT. Well may we exclaim on beholding the list of the new Berry Government — " How are the mighty fallen !" Berry- ism is surely dead. There remains not even the ghost of it. It is no more than a corpse galvanised into a hideous sem blance of life. Little mere than two years ago, it stalked through the land like another Frankenstein monster, terrible and irresistible. With sixty unscrupulous supporters in the Assembly it was capable of great things ; but reck; less in its strength, it was blind in its tyranny. At that period the party was united and uncompromising ; now it is completely broken up into irreconcile- able fragments — its power gone and its glory departed. Indeed Mr Berry found the greatest difficulty in bringing any kind of a Ministry together. Of the nine members of the then Berry admin istration three alone remaiu — Mr Pat terson, the gallant Major, and Mr Berry himself. Sir Brian O'Loghlen, Mr Woods, Mr Longmore, and Mr Grant have disappeared; Mr Lalor is pro vided for by the Speakership, and Pro fessor Pearson is only a hanger-on without office. Of the new men, Mr Berry had, much against his will, to fall back on Mr Yale as his chief law officer — heaven save the mark ! — and, I Mr R. D. Reld, also without office, as his representative in the Upper House. As to the last-named gentleman, he could not accept a portfolio, as being consciously a traitor to the supporters whom he originally represented, as well as -to the House of which he is a repre sentative ; he dared not present himself to his deceived and indignant consti tuents. Never was a greater collapae -—a more stupendous fall. But what the country will now be anxious to know is, what possible programme can the new Government present to it on the 31st instant, to which day the House stands adjourned. The Ministry may be power less to perpetrnte any positive injury, but it may still delay progressive legisla tion or create fresh confusion and dis may. Mr Berry has always been inex haustible and unscrupulous in resources in this dii ectiou, aud he ean only exist in troubled waters. He has in the first place to face a deficit of his own creation, of £640,000 — iu fact, according to Mr Service, he must provide a million of money before he can move a step, and he will be driven to retrenchment of some kind. Will he impose fresh duties on the necessaries of life and the appliances of industry to obtain the money, or will he have recour.se to another Black Wednesday on the pretence of economy ? It is impossible to guess what Mr Berry would do under any given circum stances ; but, with a House full of members dissatisfied with his choice of Ministers, with Sir John O'Shanassy, Mr Woods, Mr Longmore and Mr Gaunson, sitting on the same side, but ready to tear his Government to pieces ; aDd, moreover, with an impregnable phalanx of thirty-five in Opposition, he will scarcely venture on any very high flights of fancy or of vengeance. It is I just possible that by keeping payment of members for a time in abeyance — at once I as a threat and as a reward for obedience — he may attempt a new Reform bill on the latest lines he himself laid down. But even if he could possibly carry such a measure in the present Assembly, it would never receive the sanction of the Upper HouBe. That Chamber will not igo so far as the ratepayers' roll for its I electors; and since Mr Berry's recent I threat that he is still prepared to force 1 objectionable measures on the Council j by tacking, it will certainly require some I security against such an usurpation. I Under ordinary circumstances there I would be no way ..out ef.such a difficulty I except through another general election ; but affairs arc now so complicated that1 we cannot see any solution even in that Iresouree. The Catholics are avowedly bent on rendering, so far as they can aeeomplish it, all business impossible' until their demands are taken into con sideration, aud we. confess we at present foresee no such probable, coalition of the two opposing parlies in the House as to render the CatholicB : pdvfdrless. On a former occasion we statefit te be our opinion that, in order to escape from the dilemma in which the Cathcdics have placed the-eormtry, that section of the community mast -either be. conciliated or! crushed. It is perfectly .certain that, were the qttestion put to the electors to morrow, the Catholic claims would be at onee repeated;; but, on 'the other hand, there is « strong iperky . outside the Catholics themselves, who would have besn is favnr srantiqgdhfixnjBonaidera- v Jr. _ tion but for their recent action. It is 1 impossible to say what new complications may arise during the month, or what policy Mr Berry will be prepared'.to lay before the couutry ; but nothing that can occur, or nothing that Mr Berry may propose, can in our mind give vitality to a Government which, without any sincere outside support, has Within itself the seeds of disease and dissolu tion. 