THE SKETCHER Recent Rambles in London. BY A BRISBANE CIT. No. X. THE old Olympic, celebrated in the days of Vestris, Charles Mathews, and the elder Farren, is still a popular house with the play-going public, while the majority of the small new theatres are so jammed in, as it were, with houses that the undertaking to raise them at all has been a singularly difficult one. Let us take for example the two theatres the Qlobe and the Opera Comique, which are erected on the site of old Lyon's Inn, one of the Inns of Court for merly, and latterly the abode of a few discounting sharpers. Here difficulties Bomewhat similar to those which caused the deep excavations for the Criterion theatre were encountered. They stand at the junction of Newcastle-street and Wych-Btreet The Qlobe Theatre will seat 1500 persons, and is handsomely decorated. The ex cavations here make the floor of the pit many feet below the line of the street, and it is ap proached by a Bteep flight of stepß from Wych street. la Wych-street also are the entrances to the gallery stairs and to the " royal box." The ordinary boxes are entered from Newcastle- Btreet, and are on a level with the street, so that stairs are avoided. Here, too, enter the occupants of the stalls. The general arrangement of seats is so perfect that all that is passing on the stage can be distinctly seen and heard from any part of the house. The principal front of the Opera Comique is in the Strand, and those who frequent that thoroughfare will find it difficult to imagine how it got there at aIL The frontage in the Strand is nothing, in truth, but the entrance to an underground way leading across Holywell-street to the theatre itself, which has been built between that thoroughfare and Wych street. The building is, however, very small and backs on the Globe, and is to a considerable extent, like the Criterion, underground ; a long flight of stairs in Wych-street leads to the stage level,' and the pit, of course, is lower than that ■gain. It is 'pretty, but not remarkable for its entertainments, wbich consist principally of French plays or operd bovffc, presented sometimes In French and sometimes in English. ; But perhaps the greatest amusement in many 'senses may be derived—even also in an in structively - vulgar sense—from the past and biwwit mstdry of the transpontine theatres. It ■formerly used, with much truth, to be said of ibeto' t*»f they1 catered only for the amusement of those to whtim the most appalling and loath some viee1 '•nd deprttity were as familiar things. Rk U Hot so now—thanks to those • wondrous efforts of charity and philanthropy which have so f«h*ng«d the outward surface at least of the British character at large. ' The welMtnown Victoria Theatre (changed Mterly "unsuccessfully into a half-theatre half music-hall) is one of the most amusing, though foal, retrospections of the past. And the details I now give are intended not so much to furnish " frightful examples" as to exhibit one portion of that shady side of London which is not by any means so shady now as it used to be. Trans pontine theatres were generally built for spec tacular and "sensational" performances. The Victoria Theatre, formerly called the Coburg, opened with a piece called " Trial by Battle ; or Heaven Defend the Right" It was but a little in advance of a once-popular drama entitled v The Coalheaver's Curse; or the three Bloody Blade-bones." The former was a sanguinary melo dramatic spectacle, followed by a harlequinade ; whilst the play-bills concluded with the comfort able assurance that " extra patroles are engaged for the bridge and roads leading to the theatre, and particular attention will bo paid to the lighting of the same." The fashionable audience did not like the whole affair, and old " Vie," as it was called, for miny years enjoyed a very doubtful reputation. It was the place so well described by the elder Charles Mathews:— " The lower orders rush there in mobs, and in shirt sleeves applaud frantically, drink ginger beer, munch appleß, crack nuts, call the actors by their Christian names, and throw them orange-peel and apples by way of bouquets." An amusing account is given in the Daily News of the period of the closing of the old Vie, in order to rear in its place a palace that failed after all to attract a superior class of frequenters. Every precaution was taken so that the Victoria Theatre might end its days in peace. There, we are told, was an audience overawed by the thoughts of the solemn moment. There, " as cending from gallery front into tho dim roof, were the lußty roughs, short-sleeved, slop-clothed, and cropped as of yore; but no missiles came from their hands ; no internecine warfare was carried on, to the mingled delight and terror of the beholders ; no oaths resounded from side to ■ide ; no Bedlam was l.et loose, as in the olden times, when respectable West-endcrs would not have dared to enter the house without an un questioned life-assurance" Composed, as the audience was, of people who lived in the high ways and byways of Lambeth, it wan very decorous ; there was little response to the usual catcalls; and we learn that the "very childieu in arms stared wondrously at the drop-scene, and rubbed their sticky little knuckles into their sleepy little eyes." When " Rub Roy" closed the night's entertainment the audience was at least satisfied, for there is plenty of nuughtineS3, brisk fighting, capital songs, and villany in this play to gratify tho moit fastidious taste. Rashltigh, the villain, was taken by one of tho Vic'B regular performers, who was described as " a painstaking artist, with fine rolling eye, trembling hand oft raised r.loft, strongly-heiving bosom, and t'b well rolled out from the inuer depths." Wheii tho LuaiKigLi'b h|ki.rh c.iino the godlingu Bhouti'd " lluar, bi-ar;" for <lit Ilm not l/ruiuibu them that tho .speciality of tho Victoria bhuuld bo rutaiuud iv the now building '. and when be retired and the ourtain Ml probably for the last time " a mournful- voided bare-armed young man in the front row of the gallery audibly summed up the case thus: —' Ah! the poor old Wic ! Paaß the arf-an'-arf, Any. 1" Astley'B Theatre, so long the cynosure to boyish and girlish eyes, ia still in existence, but, eince the management of Dion Boucicault, who remodelled it, " the circle" haa been discontinued. Yet its old associations still remain, for horses, camels, dromedaries, and even elephants are often introduced to heighten "spectacular effect" Charles Dickens, about half a century ago, thus described it:—"lt was not a 'Royal Amphi theatre' in those days, nor had Ducrow arisen to shed the light of classic taste and portable gas over tho Bawdust of the circus; but the whole character of the place was the same: the pieces were the same, the clown's jokes were the same, the riding-masters were equally grand, the comic performers equally witty, the tragedian! equally hoarse, aud the ' high-trained chargers' equally spirited. Astley's has altered for the better—we have altered for the worse." Thackeray mentions, it in "The Newcoines;" how Uncle Newcome laughed at Mr. Merryman's jokes in the ring, and " beheld the Battle of Waterloo with breath lesß interest, and was amazed —yes, amazed, by Jove, sir!—at the prodigious likeness of the principal actor to the Emperor Napoleon." Even the Earl of Beaconsfield, then plain Mr. Disraeli, alludes to it in v speech many years ago:—" I dare say, now, some of you have heard of Mr. Ducrow, that celebrated gentleman who rides on six horses. What a prodigious achievement 1 It seems impossible; but you have confidence in Ducrow. You fly to witness it; unfortunately one of the horses is ill, and a donkey is substi tuted in its place. But Ducrow is atill admirable. There he is bounding along in spangled jacket and cork slippers 1 The whole town ia mad to see Ducrow riding at the Bame time on six horses; but now two more of the steeds are seised with the staggers, and, lot three jackasses in their stead! Still Ducrow persists, and still announces to the public that he will ride round his circus every night on his bi'x steeds. At last all the horses are knocked up, and now there are half-a-dozen donkeys. What a change I Behold the hero in the amphitheatre—the spangled jacket thrown on one side, the cork slippers' on the other. Puffing, panting, and perspiring, he pokes one Bullen brute, thwacks another, cuffs a third, and curses a fourth, while one brays to the audience, and another rolls in the sawdust. Behold the late Prime Minister and the Reform Ministry, their steeds gradually changing into donkeys; while Mr. Merryman, who, like the Lord Chancellor, was once the vary life of the ring, now lies his despairing length in the middle of the stage, with his jokes exhausted, and his bottle empty." But it is fair we should give • short sketch of the originator of all this—the re nowned Astley himself. This remarkable man—the founder In fact of that popular exhibition, the "Circus—wm meanly educated, but, while serving with some distinction, as a private in a cavalry regiment, he acquired many feats of horsemanship bom an itinerant equestrian, and first attracted notice by repeating these for the amusement of bis com rades. After his discharge from the army he sat up a riding school, and this was the beginning, qf what subsequently brought honor and fortune to the energetic and enterprising equestrian, As a predecessor of the horse-tamer Rarey, by a long »interval, we find him advertising that " for half a-guinea he makes known his method of learning (teaching) any horse to lay (lie) down at the word of command, and defies anyone to equal it for safety and ease." He first taught George lIL the secret of managing horses, and became a great favorite with the king. He began of course with very small resources, which consisted of his own performances and those of his wife on a white charger. He undertook to break in the most vicious horse, as well as to teach gentlemen " the true and perfect seat on horseback." His small beginnings, aided by the prudence and parsimony of himself and his wife, soon brought him into such fame that, when the London season was over, he removed his troupe to Paris, and for many years continued the latter successfully. After a while, however, he chose to relinquish the chief cares of management to his son, and subsequently accompanied the Duke of York, who commanded the British army, to the Conti nent, whence he was recalled by the burning of his old theatre, only to replace it by a new and more splendid one. While with the army he presented the men of his old regiment, the Fifteenth, with a supply of needles, thiead, buttons, bristles, twine, leather, üßeful in mending clothes; as well as a quantity of flannel, setting all the females of his establishment to work in making a warm waistcoat for every man of the regiment, and in a corner of each garment there waa sewn what he termed "a friend in need," in other words a splendid shilling. This generosity, we may readily presume, did not diminish the receipts at the doors of his theatre. When ABtley first started his entertainment he had "no other music than a common drum, which was beaten by his wife ;" to this he added a fife, and subsequently employed a regular orchestra. Though he had always a good band and a good leader, yet he evidently considered them next to an almost useless drain on the treasury. "Any fool," he used to say, "can handle a fiddle, but it takes a man to manage a horse ; and yet I have to pay a fellow that plays upon one fiddle as much salary as a man that rides upou three horses." Such opinions, freely expressed, of course led to angry scenes, of which other amubing anecdotes are related. The Music Halls of London next claim atten tion ; uot, save the mark! from any intrinsic merits they possess, nor for the fact of there beiug over four hundred of them, but because they aro evidently a modern aud obstinate "in stitutiou" beloved by the masses. Though many of these inußic halls are virtually, if not actu ally, licensed theatres, yet their speciality is that a portion of the audience at least can indulge in tobacco aud other accompanying refreshments. In those cases where the persons composing the audience) are not able to partake of these things while witnessing the performance from their seats, there are in remote corners several buffets, pre sided over by well- got-up damselß who dispense refreshments for the inner man. The leading halls of this kiud are the Canterbury, the London Pavilion at the head of the Haymarket, the (Oxford, and the- Alhambra. But I will take the 'Canterbury as my chief illustration, on account of the taste and magnificence displayed in its arrangements and decorations, and from the fact of its claiming the honor of being the first of the kiDd established in London. The Canterbury Hall, close to old Astley's theatre, is only to be reached by crossing West minster Bridge and entering a region once justly catalogued among the "Blums" of London. Rising, however, to the occasion which has ushered in a marvellous improvement in public manners and public taste, it now stands out as a bright gem set in a plain and corrodial mass of iron, and, though of the latter quality, still at tracting to its excellent entertainments not only the "swells" of the other side of the water, but even, as report whispers, some members of royalty itself. There must then—and this is due to the great outlay of the present lessee—be a new rapture in a place which affords attractions which transpontine efforts have hitherto signally failed to produce. In Ritchie's " Night-Bide of London." it was formerly described as a low neighborood, and may be low still for the matter pf that, though here is a tangible reality, doubt less destined to elevate some portions at least of the denizens of these regions. The old building I need not describe. It had its." chairman," as I saw at the Oxford recently, as a mere fossil the interest in which is dying out, and who took not altogether dull work in Bitting from 7 till 12 o'clock, chaffing and being chaffed, drinking, and smoking cigars. The origin of the Canterbury Hall was tbe Canterbury Arms, a public-house existing in what, till built over, was called the " Marsh," and from sing song or harmonic meetings one lessee after another gradually expanded the style of con viviality till "operatic selections" began to be appreciated; competent artists were engaged, and from one advance to another the building was transformed into the present model of as perfect a theatre as can be found anywhere. The talent, I believe, is the best that can be procured, and some of the salaries reach over £80 a-week. Its original Fine Arts Gallery, which Punch called the " Royal Academy over the water," has long since disappeared. The present structure may therefore be said to be an entirely new building, on the most approved principles with regard to acoustic properties and ventilation, there being, in respect of the latter, a movable roof. In this region, by-the-bye, once resided the famous clown, Grimaldi, a man of a melan choly and nervous temperament—a ghost-seeker, perpetually wandering from churchyard to ohurohyard in search of a really "dry spot" where his " remains" might be interred; and re minding us of the famous Liston, who, when a physician to whom he was a stranger advised him to shake off his melancholy by going "to see liston," replied, " I am that unfortunate indi vidual." The entrance to this hall is through a taadsomely Ptred and lighted avenue, and in that portion tending to the choicest part of the •uditeaiurathe visitor passes through* brilliantly- Mghted vestibule, on one side of which are stalac tite c*verßS,illuminatedgrottoe, a handsome and Well-served tufet for refreshments, and, finally, a ijavatory, well-lighted and looked after by attend ants, as tadeed are all the other arrangements. : Through folding-doors, screened by curtains, you enter the area devoted to the stalls, and here the dptip <T<nl of ibis chaste and handsome theatre first Impresses the visitor. I was certainly not prepared to see so. much Bpace, or the Accommodation afforded for an audience of about 2000. There is a grace and airi ness which I had failed to find in moßt of the buildings of the kind in the Metropolis. The interior is lavish of white and gold, the proscenium is one mass of golden palm leaves, while the balconies are also supported by rows of golden palm trees, the hanging fruit being repre sented by brilliant gas jets, at once novel and beautiful in their decoration. The stalls are wide and moat comfortably furnished, each with its small slab in front to hold wine, beer, or other forms of " quenchers," as Dick Swiveller would say, and the fortunate and often Bwellish occu pants of these Beats are waited on by footmen in livery and powder. The performances also are no less elegant and select, commencing often with a musical milangt of some kind, a musical farce with beautiful and appropriate scenery, comic and sentimental solos, and winding up with the usual ballet, in which the present public mania for legs is of course highly gratified, though legs appeared to me not to be made bo strongly and outrageously a speciality here as elsewhere. Between the performances there were of course the usual acrobatic feats, performed by two men and one woman. These acrobats would have frightened any audience had they not been protected bj a hugs netting spread over the heads of the people. One daring flight of the woman was especially noticeable. She had ascended by a movable rope as high as the top of the proscenium, und, on a given signal, abso lutely flew through the air, catching with un erring aim the ankles of a man moving gracefully to and fro on a trapeze, and on another occasion caught him by the hands when he was swinging by his feet from the same trapeze; and on each occasion as the trapeze swung back in its return she relaxed her hold to catch another trapeze, and then alighted like a bird on the small sus pended stage whence she had started. The latter was on the whole a most wonderful and elegant performance. The theatre seemed to be crowded in all parts, and the presence of ladies ensured a quiet tone on the part of the vast audience that in past days would have astonished everyone. And the Bame crowds, even greater, and certainly more " mixed," were marked features of the other music halls. [to be continued] Mb. Chaunoet M. Depew told this story at a recent New England dinner : In the Berk shire hills there was a funeral. The woman who mingles curiosity with pity was there with the mourners. To the afflicted widow, in a melan choly voice, she said, " When did you get your new eight day clock?" "I ain't got no new eight day clock!" responded the bereaved woman. " Why, what is that in the corner ? Ain't that an eight-day clock?" persisted the curious visitor. "No ; that ain't a clock, that's the deceased. We stood it on end to make room for mourners." 