Yakoob Khan. WE take the following account of Yakoob's departure from his late kingdom for India from the Pioneer Mail: — Sherpur, Cabul. The ex-Ameer of Afghanistan, Sirdar Yakoob Khan, is now well on his way to India; the ordor for his deportation having been carried out bo silently and quickly that, while I am writing, the majority of men in Sherpur cantonments are ignorant of his departure. Ab I ventured to pre dict in forwarding the news of the close of the commission of enquiry, Yakoob Khan's fate ia that of exile to India ; but even now we are in the dark here as to whether he will be treated as a State prisoner, and allowed to live in luxurious comfort, or will be sent to the Andamans, to drag out his life as a common malefactor. If the latter, it will be an ignoble ending of a career which in its earlier stages promised such brilliant achievements. Yakoob Khan was once the first soldier in Afghanistan ; but from the evil moment when he confided in the word of his father, his fame waß at an end. Five years' cap tivity,—and such captivity as only Shore Ali could devise, —broke his spirit, dulled bis intel lect, and left him the weak incnpablo we treated with at Gundamuk and confided in so blindly until the fatal week in September. That under fairer auspices he might have proved a strong ruler, such as the Afghans require, can scarcely admit of a doubt; that he would have been a Dost Mahomed eveu his most ardent admirers would hesitate to aasort The conditions of j government ia a country like Afghanistan compel the sovereign either to be a tyrant or a tool of factions : Takoob Khan, during bis few months of power, was the latter. His accession to the throne was under circumstances which, even in the prime of his manhood before imprisonment had crippled him, would have taxed his power to the uttermost to cope with. After five years in a dungeon he was suddenly liberated by his father, only to find that father in the last stage of defeat and despair, his kingdom practically at the mercy of a powerful invader, and himself a panic- stricken fugitive. Left first as Shere Ali's regent, Takoob Khan could do nothiDg beyond watch, with Oriental submission to fate, the advance of the two invading armies up the Jellalabad and Kurram Valleys. The help which Shere All expected to receive from his Russian friends over the Oxus was not forthcoming; in a few weeks came the news of the death of the Ameer at Marari- Sharif, and Yakoob found himself in possession of a kingdom already tottering to its falL If he had had the energy of Dost Mahomed he might have organised armies, called upon the semi-barbarous tribes still lying between Cabul and India to join bis soldiers in a holy war, and made a supreme effort to check the invasion whioh had driven his father from the capital. But that energy was lacking; he made but » faint-hearted appeal to the fanaticism of the hill* tribes, and, unsupported as this was by any real attempt to collect the scattered units of Shere Ali's once powerful army, it necessarily failed. MOTICK TO qUIT. That departure for India, Malta, or London, which Takoob had expressed himself so willing to take nearly two months ago, must have seemed to him hopeless, even so late as 6 o'clock last night, when Major Hastings, Chief Political Officer, paid his usual visit to the tent, then guarded by fifty men of the 72nd Highlanders. Major Hastings said nothing of the orders which had been received from the Government, as it had been resolved to give as short a notice aa possible of the intended journey for fear of com* plications on the road to Peshawur. Not that it was at all likely an effort would be made to rouse the tribes to attempt a rescue, but that nothing was to be gained by an open parade of the depar ture. At 8 o'olock 1 Major Hastings sent word to Yakoob Khan that he intended paying him a second visit; and; accompanied by Mr. Durand, Political Secretary to the Lieutenant-General, he again went to the tent. Yakoob Khan was a little astonished at the unusual hour chosen for the visit; but when told that he would have to leave Cabul for India at 6 o'clock the next morning, he kept his composure admirably. He expressed surprise that such short notice should be given, but beyond this did not question the arrangements. He asked that his father-in-law, Yahiya Khan', and two other tirdara now in confinement, should be released and allowed to accompany him. This, of course, could not be granted, and he then asked to what place in India he was to be taken, and where the Viceroy *as. This was all' the concern he showed. The orders received here are to convey him safely to Peshawur; so but little Information as to his final rest|ng-plaoe could be vouchsafed him. I may here incidentally mention that he will Kctbably go on to Lahore, where, perhaps, the dslon of the Government will be made known to him. BOOT AMD SADDts. Soon after 5 o'olock this morning the little camp in which the ex-Ameer was lodged, not far from head-quarters, was all astir with prepara tions for the journey. A bright moon was shining overhead and a few watch-fires were blazing brightly among the tents, by the light of which the mules and yabooi were loaded up. The squadron of the sth Punjab Cavalry drew up outside the gateway which leads from the cantonments near the western end of the southern wall; while the Lancers passed from their lines, opposite the break in the Bemaru heights, to a bit of open ground between the quarters of the 72nd Highlanders and Yakoob Khan's tent. The early morning air was bitterly cold, and the usual light mist whioh settles nightly over the Cabul Plain still hung about The camp was silent and deserted, every soldier being at that hour asleep, except the sentries at their post; and the patrols, stalking like armed ghosts from picquet to picquet, seeking for any rabid Kohistani who might have invaded the sanctity of our lines. The Lancers moved smartly round and ronnd in Bmall circles to keep themselves and their horses from freezing as they stood, aad through the dußt and mist enveloping them their lances Bhone out now and again as the steel heads caught a glint from the moon. It was a fantastical Bight, this endless circling of misty horsemen moving apparently without aim or object, and growing momentarily more and more distinct as dawn began to creep up over the distant Luttabund and Khurd Cabul hills, and struggle with the clear moonlight which had before been Bupreme. In an hour everything was ready for departure. Yakoob Khan's horses were waitiDg ready saddled, and the Lancers had ceased their circling, and were formed up waiting for the order to march. Sir Frederick Roberta, Colonel Macgregor, chief of the staff, and Major Hastings were present to see the prisoner start on his rapid journey, and at half past 6 exactly Yaboob Khan rode off Burrouuded by Lancers. He bad exchanged talaams with the General and those about him, and, if not positively elated, was seemingly quite content to leave Cabul. Besides information furnished by correspon dents' letters already published, we hear details of Yakoob Khan's journey, which are more or less interesting. He was taken great care of on his way through the camp at Gundamuk. He was surrounded with cavalry, and the nearest mounted men on his right and left had drawn swords. He appeared to be unconcerned. Though hin ride of twenty-eight miles from Jugdulluk must have been a tediouß one, he appeared glad to get out of the country, and casually remarked that he was " looking forward to the day when he should get to Eugland and live like Duleep Singh, as he was very fond of shooting and riding !" At Jugdulluk (where Colonel Jenkins, C.8., of the Guides, commanded), the officer in charge of the escort in trod ued the Colonel, where upon he walked up and offered his hand, but Colo nel Jenkins drow himself up very etifily and do clined the honor, from which bystanders deduced that he had not acquitted him with regard to the Cabul massacre. At night he had four soldiers marching up and down in front of bi« tent ; all his food wm carefully examined both going in and coming out by the officer of the guard ; in fact, the strictest surveillance was kept over him. He left Safed Sung for Jellalabad under a strong eucort of the 18 th Bengal Cavalry. Officers who have come in con tact with Yaboob Khan say that his remarks in conversation are generally of the most childish kind, and bis intellect apparently of the lowest type. A good deal of trouble might have been saved if this had been found out sooner,, ITEMS F«OM CAMP. Camp Maidan, Ghuzni-road. The Lieutenat-General Commanding (a now oat on a visit to the force under Brigadier- General Baker, which is collecting supplies of forage from the villages along the Ghuzni-road. Leaving Brigadier* General Maopherson in com mand at Sberpur, Sir F. Roberts, accompanied by Colonel Macgregor, chief of the staff, and a ■mall escort of ten men of the 14th Bengal Lancers, rode through the Cabul gorge yesterday afternoon, and following the road which traverses the Chardeh Valley, made for the village of Ar gandeh, about sixteen miles away. The roads about Cabul are so safe that no Urge escort is now required, the proclamation by whioh arms are forbidden to be carried having operated very effeotually to cheok the pleasing Afghan ten dency to rob and murder stray travellers. Gone ral Baker had taken with him all the transport animals that could be spared from Sherpur, and having collected about 1600 maunds of blioosa, had started a long string of mules and yaboos back to our cantonments. While at Argandeh, too, 100 cavalry from Ghuzni had come in and put themselves at his orders. They were fol lowers of Rajab Khan, and were armed with the usual Afghan equipment of tulwar, pistols, and gun. They were ordered to leave their arms at Argandeh, and then to make the best of their way to Cabul. He met this motley rabble near Kila Kaxi—a fortified enclosure lying to the left of the main road—and as cavalry they certainly did not inspire us with much respect They were mounted on good serviceable yaboos, which could no doubt cover long distances, but would be quite unequal to charging in the usual accept ance of the term. The men were simply of the order one meet* everywhere in Afghanistan— beetle-browed ruffians filthily clad in a nonde script garb of country-made cloth and pothteent, some with short top-boots, and others with the sandals affected by hillmen. They were beneath contempt as oavalry, and a dozen well-mounted , men could have ridden through thorn with hunt ing-crops. SACK AT BHHBPDR AGAIN. Beyond the little excitement caused by the sth Punjaub Cavalry and the 6th Goorkhas being wanted to be in readiness to march for Maidan, there has been nothing in cantonment* to dis tract our attention from the all-important work of making our quarters comfortable. The sub scription list for • club-house is going reund, and a weekly gymkhana is being started, while polo florishes in spite of hardness of the ground. One little piece of excitement I hate forgotten : the names of those officers who have received C.B.s, brevet*, Ac., for the last Afghan cam paign have reached us, and there has been much discussion and some heartburning upon the selec tions made. This it was natural to expect; the omission of deserving names and the rewarding of men who did nothing noticeable, is always hotly discussed when brevets are about. AFOHAM TBXAOHXBT. General Baker having rested in a village with a small escort of twenty Lancers, was received with apparent cordiality by the Mullicks, and then surprised and attacked by a considerakle armed force. Concerning which the Pioneer's correspondent writes:—This attempt at treachery was too glaring to be passed over, and the Mul licks were secured, and plans laid for the punish ment of the village. Further south on the Ghuzni-road Muski-Alam, the chief who has been inciting the hillmen against us, was said to be ready, with some 3000 men and some guns, to advance and join the Beni- Badam and Durra Narkh men in a night attack upon the Maidan encampment. It would have been courting a general rising of every armed villager in the district to have delayed punishing Beni-Badam, and having taken the precaution of heliographing to Sherpur what had occurred, General Baker moved out of camp at 8 o'clock yesterday morn- ing with 300 of the 92nd Highlanders, 200 of the Brd Sikbs, four mountain guns, and two troops of cavalry (9th Lancers and 14th Bengal Lancers). The remainder of his brigade was left to guard Maidan, and protect the large number of trans port animals waiting to be loaded up with forage. At Sherpur the 6th Goorkhas and sth Punjaub Cavalry were warned by General Roberts to be in readiness to start for Maidan at an hour's notice, in case the force there found itself un equal to the work before it The quickn«Bß with which our troops moved down upon Beni-Badam had, however, the usual effect of taking the hillmen by surprise before they could gather'in numbers sufficiently great to hope to check the force attacking them. There was a show of resistance ; General Baker, on arriving at Kila Durani, six miles from camp, learning that the Jcotal above the village was crowned with men, and that 200 were upon the heights commanding the load leading directly to it. There was a second road running parallel to thiß one, two miles from the hills, and, of course, quite beyond rifle range. Taking this route our troops gained some heights from which they could outflank the enemy on the hotal where the direct road to Beni-Badam crossed, and thiß maDosuvre was so successful that the hill men, who were iv no great force, begun at once to withdraw. Two mountain guns shelled them, but the ground was bo rocky that much damage was not done. The heights being tbuß cleared, the troops moved into the village, which was found to be deserted, all the inhabi tants having forsaken their homes and taken to the hills or nullah* in the neighborhood. The Mullicks who had behaved so treacherously on the previous evening were brought forward, and were told by General Baker that they well deserved death, and that he at first intended hanging them, but that on reconsideration he should Bpare their lives, and only destroy their villages, BMu'.Badwa wu then set fire to, and ' all the walled enclosures and their oontents buraed to the ground. The troop* then returned to camp, where they arrived at about 8 o'clock at night, having marched twenty-five milea in the twelve hours. It is a pity that the mullicka were not punished with death, as such deliber ately planned treachery as they attempted, within three marches of our army at Cabul, calls for exceptional severity. But for our men being on the alert, General Baker and his escort would probably have been cut up to a man. 