TEA AND TOAST. (An Opera-Buffet,) INTRODUCTION—IMPKESARIAL AND IMPRESSIVE. The object of this trifle is to place upon operatic record and in musical guise one of those home scenes which are of daily occurrence. Disdaining the threadbare plots of appalling murders, unhappy loves and improbable relationships, the Author-Composer draws his inspiration from that source of life— the Breakfast Table. Any departure from the language of home that may be observable must be excused on the ground of operatic license, yet it is hoped that the dialogue will be found as natural as that usually met with in compositions of this nature. The characters are—Edouaedo, tenore; LVIZA, soprano, his wife; Bridgeita, contralto, their servant. In all operaB we find a chorus who add to their profits, derived from fish by day, the emoluments arising from their willingness to Btand in a corner of the stage, with a large hat and cloak on, and with folded arms, to echo the leading singers in English, or mutter " Lwgger about" in Italian. We have condensed these gentlemen into the character of a Chorus of One. Ting-a-ring-ring—and we commence with THE OVERTURE. As the curtain is raised, Edouardo and Luiza are discovered seating themselves at the breakfast table. Bridgetta is in attendance upon them. The Chorus of One is in the corner concealing himself behind his folded arms. After a few opening bats all say grace in a Recitative—unaccompanied, Ed. and Lui. prepare to begin breakfast. bui.—Caromiol (chord.) Edouardo! Mio Husbando!! Ed. (quaveringly.)—Ye-e-es, I-I-I am heeeeeeah !! Lui.—Yes J J (chord.) Yes I ! (chord.) Yes, thou art heeere. Ch. of 0.—Yes he is all there—Lugger about—is there—lugger about. Nevah feeeah! Aria crescendo sostenuto solo, Luiza, Ta- hake this cup of spa-harkling tea-he-he, Sugared and me-he-hilked and milked for theeeee. Take now this cup, This cup I have filled it hup, This cup—this cup—filled up. This cup—filled up wi-ith-do, re. mi, fa sol la si do—with teeeee. ( Waves it over her head triumphantly, lows to the audience and sings it over again.) Ch. ofO. (in confidential c?iest-notes to his cloak,")—Lugger about—lugge about la-la-la-laluggerrrr about! Op, Q.—Edouardo, vivace allegro con esjpressione in his voice, and a slice buttered toast in his hand, advancing to footlights. When the fair land of Poland was thought up a tree, Expecting to give up the ghost, If its polls were all cracked, it was nothing to me, So I had my nicely browned toast, The Poles like a lot ©f " dry sticks " might be burned, By the merciless conquering host, So long as Bridgetta was here and had turned The slice of my nice browned toast. My toast is browned and buttered too, By thee, mine own, let thfs attest, My toast is browned and buttered tooooo, By thee, mine own—By thee, mine own, Let thg-he-he-his a—htest!! (Loosens the roof of his mouth with the last note, rushes into Luiza's amis, presses the toast into her hand, blesses her with a mute glance at the gods, and turns aside to hide his emotion.) Ed.—Bridgetta, servanta mia ! Where is the new-ews of ther day-hay ? Ch. ok O.—The news of the day—the news of the day—lugger about— lugger about—away i J (stays where he is.) Brid. (producing newspaper.)—Behold !! II Argusso\ con supplemento— threepenBoh ! (knot of chords.) (.Bridgetta kneels and presents the paper to Edouardo.) Ed.—Yes, it is the paper 11 Ch. of O.— Lugger about—lugger about. Luiza.—It is the pa—per ! Ch. of O.— Lugger about—lugger about. All (m a scream, as they rush to /ooz^fas).—ThePa—par—r! 1! Aria introduced—" What are the Wild Waves saying J" Lul—What are the papers saying, Husband, the whole day long ? Are wives for divorces praying ? Are bank-clerks still going wrong? Bead but the titbits only— Of int'rest alone to me, And at night when 'tis dark and lo-honely, The rest of the news you can see, Ed.—No-no-no ! Ch. of 0.— Oh-oh-oh. — There's naught new— All stale as a cold potator, Our daily news has grown, But the voice of an alligay-haytor, Dwells in its mi-hitey tone 1 All,—But the voi-hoice of a halligay-haytor, Derwells in its mi-high-ty-to-o-one I Lui.—But hark! What noise is that! Methinks I hear ! All.—Wethinks she hears—usthinks she hears, Lui.—It is the bus—the bus draws near. Finale. Lui; That fuss—that muss, It is the bus—the omlebus, That takes my hus— Band off from us. Ed.—The thru-huppeny buss is coming to us, And to thee, cara mia, I must bid good-day, It is half-past eight, I can no longer wait To my go-huverment o-o-ofice I must hie away. All.—Away ! Away—Good day—away—Good day I must say—Away—away—away. A way—away. Ah-ah-ah- e-i-o-u-a- -way uiii! (Curtainfalls—and well it might.) 