BARBARA HOME, Er STEPHENS KAYWAED, AUTHOK OF 'HtTCiTED TO DEATH,' ' LoVE Agaiket the World,' &c;, &c.; ' Well,' he eaid, musing, f I shall be most happy to eeoort yon there. At what hour to morrow?' ? To-morrow ! We must go now. * As yon like. I willring, and give the necessary orders.' 'It is qnite useless — the orders are already. given, and the carriage at the door. Tou have only to help me on with my cloak, fiad your hat, and all is ready. Justine has packed all my trunks and boxes, and sent them to the rail. She will accompany us, and tho other servantB will re main here till Captain Morton gives orders for their departure.' ' Ton do not wish, then, to return to this place ?' said the Earl, bending over her, and taking her hand in both his. ?Here?' sbe said, vrith a shudder, as she looked around the room—' here ? Oh, never here again1.' 'KeBt assured, love, you shall only go wh&re; you like, and do what yon -wish, eo long as we Jive!' She bent her head down, upon his hand. He thought it was a caress; it was, in reality, done to hide the smile that, in spite of her self-control, played round her lips at hearing tin talk so con fidently of their future. ? And yon will go at once ?' she murmured. ?This moment.' ? He osed to go much to the opera,' she said, in the same low tones. ' DoeB he go with her ?' 'Yes,' said tho end, hesitatingly. 'But it would be rather unpleasant, my pet, to haye a scene there.* ♦Bah!' she said, lifting her head haughtily. ♦You talk tome as if t were a child of 10. What on earth should I wish to make a scene for ? I «»m1t wiah tn Inns- afc her — fco see him with her — to be qnite sure that he is capable of ottering words of love to another woman on the very day that be has dismissed and forsaken me. That is alL* ''?Well, we will go to Paris. We shall be there quite in time f or the opera, and I will take yon.' ?' 'Does my dress please you?' she asked, shak ing' her yellow curlB over her Bhoulders. ' Please me? Yon look like an angel,, as you always do. I remember the first time I ever saw yon, Barbara; you were at the opera— it was the same house we shall visit this evening. You. wore a srhite rose in your hair.' She listened eagerly. ? I shall never wear whito again. Bat that does not matter. Tell me, was it then he— he eold me to you?' ?That night he first talked of you. Yes. itor&r; than.' She was -silent forarfew.-moinentB.-beaKinx un. one hand nervously with the fingers of the other. ? Do you remember where wo sat f ' she asked, at last. ? Perfectly.' ' Is it possible -to procure the same box — the very same— for this evening ?' ' Quitopossible. The bos is mine.' ? Ah ! well, take me there, and let him see me there with you. If anything can touch his heart, it will be that, and I long to make him suffer. He shall suffer!' ? Be sure that ho will !' said the earl, smiling slightly. ' If I were in his place I would kill you if I saw you so. But listen to me for one moment, before we set out. I told you I would woo before 1 won you. I am proving it now. When I have u'jeyed all your commands, Barbara — when I have helped you to revenge yourself on him for the slight he has put upon you— will there bo any aope lor me ( w liat will be my reword r Never were eyes more beautiful than those irhieh looked an answer to hia question. The 2old, proud glance had gone — they were human ;yes once more— loving, passionate eyes— their glance seemed to touch his heart, and stir it with i nameless thrill of voluptuous delight. ' Do what I ask of you,' she said, in «. half svhisper. ' Show him to me with this woman, and name your own reward — name and claim it too !' It was enough. He wrapped her cloak abont her, and led her to the carriage, where Justine already sat with the jewel casket in her lap. A few hasty directions were given to the servants who were to remain at the chateau ; then he took nis place by her side, and they whirled away as Fast as four fine horses could carry them towards Paris, and tho captain, and hiB bride. CHAPTEE VIII. AT TBE OFEEA. It was nearly dark when they arrived in Paris. They drove straight to the hotel which Barbara and the captain had already occupied; and the waiter, recognising her face, threw open the doors of her old rooms with smiling alacrity. ? Booby !' muttered the earl, and then added aloud, and in French, a request to be shown else where. But Barbara had already crossed the threshold, and stood looking round at the familiar place ititn a half «mle oa her lips. 'I will have these rooms,' she said, tnrning round, ' What can it matter ? I see no ghosts here, my lord, if you do not.' He came in on hearing that, and ordered re freshments to be served at once. But she scarcely touched them, though ehe drank 'wine again fast and eagerly. While he was giving orders about the carriage she held a short conference in her dressing-room with Ju6tine, and came forth radiant in beauty, with her cloak half hiding, half revealing, the loveliest shoulders in the world. He gave her his arm, and they went down to the carriage, followed by the admiring eyes of the whole establishment. The overture had just commenced as they were ushered into their box at the Opera House, and Barbara slipped noiselessly into her chair, and drew tbe lace curtain in full soft folds before her. 'When the curtain rose she leaned forward, lifted her glass, and swept the house with one rapid glance. He was not there ! But even in that momentary unveiling a thousand eyes were turned her way, and glass after glass was raised, in the vain endeavour to ascertain what lovely creature Eifindale had got with him. But glances and surmises were alike useless. Elnndale sat a little in the shadow of the box, bending towards the fair unknown, who shrouded herself behind the curtains, and only permitted a delicate hand to be seen, looking doubly fair from the contrast with the crimson velvet cushion on which it lay. While the curiosity was at its height, the door of another box, upon tho opposite side of the honse, opened, and a party entered, at the sight of whom many of the idlers turned their attention that way. It consisted of a stately old man, with white hair and a long white moustache ; a com fortable-looking dame, evidently his wife, and also in her youth, whatever she might be now, a beauty and a belle; a slender, proud looking girl, with auburn hair and largo, nn smiling blue eyes ; and a gentleman, both young and good-looking, upon whose arm she leaned. There was an evident sensation among the gay groups that thronged the house. Barbara observed it, and leaned forward to discover the cause. One glance sufficed. She sank back again, played a moment nervously with her glass, and looked up at the earl. He hud not prevented her discovery, buthe was watching her very anxiously, as if to 6ee how she was affected by it. She smiled. ' Has he seen you yet, my lord?' 1 No ; he has not looked up.* ' Then move — move quickly ! I have changed my mind; he muet not see us 761! Take this seat,' — and 6he put out her hand, and drew him to the chair next hers which was sheltered as well by the curtains of the box. He complied : he had no objection to the proximity, and leaned with his arm upon the bf.ck of her chair, watching her fingers s.6 they played with the jewelled glass. At last, as the second act began, she turned and spoke. So low was her voice that ho had to bend still nearer, and her warm breath fanned his cheek — nay, her redlips almost touched him as she talked. 1 That is the lady, 1 suppose ?' 'It is.' ' Who is she ?' 'Tho Lady Mabel Tone, only daughter, as well as only child, of the Earl and Countess of Vesey.' ' Her parents are with her ?' ? They are.' ' I conclude, by their showing themselves to gether here, that the marriage is a settled thing.' ' Oh, certainly ! Every one knows about it in Paris, and almost everyone is envying Morton his good luck.' 'You, perhaps, among the number?' she said, lifting her eyes to his. ' Not for that,' he replied. ' Lady Mabel is a distant relative of mine, but we never liked each other. ' If I have envied Horton for anything it is not for that.' He nxedlus eyes moodily on ner as he spoke. She knew to what he alluded, but for a moment affected to misunderstand him. The earl pro ceeded. * You must surely at first have loved Morton ?' * No — I never really loved him. It was vanity, girlish pride— romance — what you will — that took me from niy home wilh him, but it was not love. If I had really loved him, do yon think I could sit here so calmly, under the same roof with the ?woman he hag won for his bride? Ahl no — call it by any other name — bnt itwas not love.' ' You think so now,' said the earl, looking un convinced; 'but I am sure you mistake — you do not know your own heart. If Captain Morton came in beru now, at this moment, what would you do?' Barbara flushed up — then turned deadly pale. ' I cannot say, for I am unarmed. But if I held a dagger or pistol, as I hold this glass— you should not ask me twice.' * Why, good heaven !' he cried, starting back with a look of horror. ' Do you mean to say you would murder him ?' * I do. I know well how sorry I should be after wards; it would be but a poor revenge— but I should take it. So yon see, on the whole, it would be better that we should not meet.' * I should think so— I should think so, indeed ! And yet, if you do not love him, why should you wish to do this ?' * He has wounded my pride— be ha« bumbleS me in my own eyes — and to the day of my death I will never forgive hire. I have sworn to have revenge, and you will help me to obtain it.' 'Yes,' said tho earl, moving uneasily in. his chair; ? but not such a revenge as that. Fancy, Barbara,, if you murdered him, you would have to suffer so horrible a death.' and spanning her throat with her Hands. ' But I think my neck quite as pretty as poor Marie Antoinette thought hers, and I aliall be in no hurry to -wear a necklace of hemp, I assure you. Don't looked so frightened, my lord; your friend U quite safe in body, so long as yon don't happen to bring him before me while I am nt dinner, with a sharp knife lying near, flueh I Listen to that mnsic! Hear that low, pulsating throb thatrnns through the whole measure ! That alw»y» qiaana mischief in an opera, and we inns* stop talking, | and sea what tiiey are going to doa' She waa silent bU through tbe last part to the gaoond act. So was lie. Out his attention was not given to the stage. IJe was looking only nt Jict— thinking only of her. Ha mas natnrafly timid, tnd thecaroleBsneisa with vrhioli she hid discuBsed this startling qnestion of life and death shocked and terrified him more than ho was ?will- ing to own. It seemed almost impossible that so beautiful a creature should have the will, or the power, to work a strong man barm ; and yet he knew as well as if ho had eoen her strike the fatal blow, that she was quite capable of doing all, and more. than she hod said. An uneasy fueling, of which he was thoroughly ashamed, came creeping over him. He felt almost as if ho was shut up with some untamed animal, who was ready at his first motion to tarn upon and devour him. But the unmanly fear vanished as Barbara looked at him with her usual look, and spoke to him -with her usual tone. A wild, untamed thing ? Nay, she was much more like a beautiful, graceful kitten, full of sportive wiles, and with talons sheathed in velvet. ' I wish I had some paper and a pencil,' she said. ? Here are my tablets. Will they do?' ? AnanK you. J. ue very tmng i want. She wrote a few lines, and then laid her hand upon hiB arm. ? My lord, are you ready to keep your promise, and help me — now ?' ' In what way ?' ' Don't scold me — don'tlook shocked. You. 6oy Lady Mabel is a relative of yours ?' ?Yes.' ' Then your presence in their box would not be thought strange or improper.' ' Certainly not.' ? Will you go to them ?' He looked greatly surprised. ' And leave you here by yourself !' ? Why not?' ' If Captain Morton learns that yoa are in the house, he will come to you at once.' 'I do not doubt it. I think he is quite capable of offering such an insult to Lady Mabel and to me. But he is not to know. No one can see us where we are sitting, and he need not know that you have been in this box unless you choose to tell him. Go, then. If he haB an opportunity to ask for me, say that you delivered his gift, and that I accepted the new arrangement quietly.' In spite of himself, the earl winced as she ?uttered the biting s&rcasm; in her moEt even tone of voice. 'Then/ she continued, without Riving him time to answer, 'speak to Lady Mabel privately. Give her that — tell her to read it.' She placed the tablets in his hand. He sat looking at her in mute astonishment. ' A message from you to Lady Mabel ? Upon my soul, I dare not do such a thing.' ?Why not P' she asked, persuasively. 'What harm can those few words do her, even if I did pen them ! Look — you shall see them yourself !' She opened the tablets and made him read the linns ; — ? Lady Mabel — ? I have something to say to yon which is of the most vital importance. Your future hangs upon you decision ; your whole happiness or your whole misery will depend upon the answer you give to me. Leave the opera before the end of the third act; say that you are ill, and return quietly to your borne. I will follow you. Let me Bpeak with you for 10 minutes; you will never regret that you have granted this request, but you will repent it bitterly, and to the day of your death, if you refuse. Lord Eifindale will assure you of my good intentions ; and upon your promise of secrecy, I Trill tell you my name.' ' Good heavens ! You must be mad !' ejaculated the earl, when he had finished. ' Do you really think I con do this for yon ! The tbing'is utterly impossible ; and even if it were not, how could I answer to Captain Morton for my share in the business f * Ho will never know it. If Lady Mabel consents to return home on the plea of sudden illness, you must take him away with you, and leave me to manage the rest. Justine will be here soon. I ex pect her every moment. As soon as Lady Mabel retires, we shall follow quietly. You will give the coachman her proper address ; for the rest I mu6t tru6t to chance. Now, if you deceive me iu any way about it, or if she refuses to grant this interview, I warn you that I will net out tho direst tragedy that human heart can conceive, or the human hand exeonte, before I leave this city. If you have any regard for your friend, for Lady Mabel, for yourself, or for me, 1 advise you to go at onoe and do my bidding.' ' Ask anything of me but this,' he faltered. ' I cannot do it.' ? You mean that you will not !' she said, turn ing round with a haughty look. ' It is enough, my lord; say no more.' And she sat like a dumb statue, gazing down into the orchestra, and playing vague tunes upon the velvet cuBhionB with her fingers. In vain he pleaded his cause in her very ear. She was deaf to his voice, and paid no more attention to him than if he had been on the other side of the Atlantic. She looked neither hurt nor angry ; her face was calm, her eye quiet; but there was some thing, he knew not what, about her that made him silent at last. A knock came at the door of the box. Ho started up, thinking only of Captain Morton, but Barbara turned her head quickly, and said, ' Come in,' and Justine entered. ?Just in time !' said her mistress, rising. ' I was afraid you would not find the box. Put my cloak over me, if you please ; the night air will strike chill aa we go out.' Justine obeyed in silence. She never even looked at the earl, who Eat stupiSed at the strange turn affairs were taking ; neither did Barbara glance his way again. She folded her cloak closely around her, took up her glove, and moved towards the door. Then, indeed, her lover found hia feet and voice together, and sprang before her. ' Barbara, what are you going to do ?' ' Stand back, 6ir. I have no more words for you.' ' But you cannot — you shall not leave me like this! Do you want to drive me mad?' ? Hush, my lord ; you speak too loudly. Re member where you are. Now will you have the goodness to let us pass?' ? Never, till you explain yourself.' ? The orchestra crashed in at this moment with a full volume of sound, much to Justine's relief. She had a horror of ' scenes,' and ehe had already seen ono or two people glancing up curiously at their box. Under cover of the music the earl was tre« to rave as he liked, without disturbing her. Indeed, she rather liked it ; and standing in the shadow, she watched the stormy interview, just as she would have watched an act npon the stage behind her. ' You. shall tell me,' esid the carl, 'where you are going, and why,* ' Where I am going,' waa the quick reply, ' you will not Know ; and if you trace mq to one place, I will instantly leave it for another. Why? That is an easy thing to say. I love men, not children ! I worship bravery, but I hato cowardice ! You say you love me, and at the same time you are afraid to obey me, lest yon should offend that man. Very well. I do not object to it. Only, re memberthat you have chosen deliberately between him and me. For his friendship you have given np my love. My love! Have yon any idea, any thought in that faint heart of yours, of what my love would be ?' If she had studied that long night through for a speech which should shake his resolution to the very utmost, she could not have bit upon a better one. Her love! He looked at her— beautiful as a dream, ardent, impetnous, and passionate — and contrasted her with colder, calmer women whom be bad tried t/n admire, and even to worship, in otherdays. No need of trying now. Every thought ot bis lioaxt, every desire of bis soul, turned to her aa to their mistress and their queen ! He could not giva ber np I All must b* risked ind daiod, to win her. He must show that no coward's blood ran in his veins if he; would obtain the prize ehe offered him. These thoughts passed through bis mindvitli the rapididy of lightning, as she stood beside the door. Her band waa on the lock. A moment, and she would be out of hie reach as entirely as if Eeas' rolled and mountains -rose between them. ? Stop !' be said, hoarsely. ' You must notofiava me. Honour— friendship— let them allgo,*(Ktliat you etiU remain. Barbara, come and sit down again. Wait forme; I shaUmot be loag.' He led ber to her aeat, tool: Tip ths tablets, and left the box. Barbara passed her lace handker chief across her brow, and looked up at her attendant with a triumphant smile. 'Who can wonder, rny good Justine, that Adam ate that apple? Thia nan would eat a dozen forTnyjafce,!! -ire were in the garden of Eden to ?Sladasne is quite right,' said Justine, Blyly. * And my lord has entered the box already.' ? Ah - 1 must w8.tcUtheinterview,andseo that he does not play mo false.' With a little management, she iiriiio'»ed the curtain so that ehe could see across the house with out being seen. Oil plain Morton was still in the box, gazing sometimes on tlic stake, and then whispering to his ladylove. The carl was absent — the countess busily engaged in bowing to her friends in the various boxes. A sElfindale entered, hia friend started up eagerly. liven at that distauco, Barbara cnuld Eee how pale ho turned. A few words passed between tht'ui ; then the cap tain, lookiDg infinitely relieved, went to pay his respects to some ladies in .ineighbounngliox. Tho countess chatted for a few moments with her visitor, nud resumed her survey. Nothing could have been more favourable for tho succobb of the mission. That he executed it, there was no doubt. Prom her hiding-place, Barbara saw the tablets so skil fully giveu imd received, that no one but herself and Justine could have noticed it. Lady Mabel read the lines with evident surprise, and turned to the carl for an explanation. He gaveit, speaking low, and in a light, careless way, as if he was simply discussing the opera, or tbe fashions, or the last morning concert. So successfully did he manage tho matter, that the countess never once looked round. But Barbara s.w Lady Mabel's eyes fixed on lior box, and some strange impulse prompted her to appear suddenly before her rival. She stood in the vacant place for a second. Lady Mabel started aa if she bad seen a spirit, uttered a slight exclamation, and sank back fainting in ber chair. All waB confusion the next moment. Bar bara saw the earl drop the curtains hastily, and knew that the captain came hurrying back to his post with an agitated face. More she could not see. She was obliged to sit and wait till her messenger returned. lie caine at last, looking pale and nervous. ' She will see you,' he said, as slie started up to meet him. ? But you were horribly imprudent. She recognised you : she has seen you with him before, and he told her tint you were his cousin. ?\Vh.it made you do that mad thing?' ' Never mind. Where is she now V ' They have taken ner home. You will lioadini!. ied, f ot -tlie eml a»d comiless havoUiree parties before tbcm yet, and will only stay with her a short linw. Morton is to come back hero for me. This is your chance. I will take you to the carriage now.' He led her down the stairs. Tliecarriage of the earl, with tho captain inside, had just driven awny ; they could yet hear the rolling of the 'The coachman lins his orders,' sr.id Lord Eifin dale, as lie seated Barbara comfortaMy.andleaned in at the wiudow to fold her cloak more closely about her. 'He will drive up and down the 6quare. When all is safe, tho hall door wiil be opened by Lady Mabel'B own 'maid, and you can Bpeak to her. Now, for all 1 have done are you pleased with me?' ' Yes,' said Barbara, placing bor hand in his. ? And (it what time inny 1 wait upon you to morrow?' ?At 12 o'clock, I think.' ' Very well. I will be punctual. You see what I am ready to do for your love. You will not keep it from lue long'r' ? Have 1 not already told you thti.t when all is dont- you have but to nawo and claim your re ward!' said Barbara, in her softest and deepest tone, looking at hiu- the while ia a way tba.t mad dened him. He kissed her hands passionately, uttered a warm £Ood-nit-!it, and went bock, ns the carriage drew away, to wait for the man who had betrayed her, and whom liebndnow betrayed. 