THE NOVELIST. A BITTER GAIN. Remarkable affinity existed between the occupants of two separate windows in one of a dingy row of brick houses one exceptionidly hot summer not many years ago; it was the more remarkable that the.se two people were very unlike each other, being of opposite sexes—the one a grizzled, gruffy, grumpy bachelor on the wrong side of f»0; the other a round, rosy, rollicking maiden of "sweet and 20." The man was evidently a foreigner, the woman an unmistakable American, and these two heads, framed l»3* the embrasures of the separate windows, formed a strong contrast. It was about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and both of them were looking for the postman—she from her attic window, he from his second floor front. They had been looking for the postman every day for a fortnight, and liope deferred had paled the check and subdued the merriment of the maiden, while it deepened the already rubicund color and sharpened the already testy temperament of the man. Presently appeared in sight the brisk, dapper Jittle postman in the grey uniform, with his bag strapped over his shoulder, stepping along from house to house, dealing joy and sorrow, surprise, fear, ccstaey, all the emotions incident to poor hapless humanity, as he went. But he dealt nothing to the two anxious watchers in the dingy brick row. Their heads simultaneously turned to watch him as he disappeared around a neighboring corner. The man grunted out a bitter ejaculation, and slammed down the window; the girl sighed, and with difiiculty repressed a sob as she closed the blind. The next day at 4 o'clock the same pantomime was enacted. The same anxiety, hope, fear, disappointment, were painted ou the two faces. The girl brushed the tears from her eyes, and put wearily back her hair. As the man, with his usual expletive of disgust and disappointment, tugged at the blind, a puff of wind blew the light ribbon from the air of the girl straight down into his c.ves,and from thence to the floor of his room. He saw it at once. It lay upon the faded carpet almost under his feet. His lirst impulse was to tramp upon it as he marched to and fro, growling at the hard luck that shut up in this hot hole during the dog-days. His next impulse was to kick the bauble aside ; but it was not of a kickable nature, and clung close to his feet. He stooped at last, and took it from the floor, and found it suspiciously damp. She's been sniffling again," he said. " As usual, she gets no letter, and cries; got no letter, and I swear. I wonder which is the most consoling. And why in thunder don't she get her letter? She can't have any rascally lawyers todea! with, that lie and cajole, and cheat and steal. She can't be waiting for a witness . to come from the other side of the world to testify in a case that ought to have been settled before he went to sea. I believe it was a conspiracy on the part of these infernal lawyers to dwaddlc along with tlie case, and not discover the existence of this Martin MaHoy till he had hipped again, and was well out of their call. And now it appeal's that the fate of the suit depends upon the testimony of this fellow before the mast. At least £5,000 of 1113- money at this present moment is at stake in the life of a miserable sailor far out at sea." Here his soliloquy was interrupted by a light tap at the door. " Come," he growled, without turning his head. He thought it was his landlady, Mrs. Matson, for whom he had no particular affection, or her rough-featured domestic, that he felt certain was shortening bis life by her inisaitable cookery. But a gentle voice eaiq, "Did you want any- thing, sir?" And, turning, he beheld his landlady's daughter. And how in the world she could bear that relation to the fat, swarthy, coarse, and commercial female who kept the house, this lodger could not imagine. Her eyes were so soft and brown, so pleading and innocent, frank and confiding as a little child's,; whereas her mother's were narrow and sharp, distrustful, and cunning. The young girl flushed under this scrutinising gaz?, and said again, You didn't want anything, then, Mr. M'Graw. Mother said you pounded on the floor." "Pounded!" said Mr. M'Graw; "of course I pounded. If I don't get a letter soon, I'll make smithereens of some of this horse-hair furniture about me. If your mother has any regard for her squint-eyed ancestor over there, she'd better take him down and out of the way. He's been following me about with that damaged leer of his for the last fortnight. It's a mercy I haven't stabbed him through the canvas. And say,' he added, for the girl was fast vanishing out ot his sight, and she was a wondrous pleasant article to look upon in tiiis ioomy old barrack—" say," said ilr. M'Graw. He was still twirling the bit of bhu: ribbon in his fingers, and now held it up to the young girl. " It fell into the window to-day as we were both looking for that confounded postman. I hope we'll have better luck to-morrow, Magtie." I thought sure we would to-day, sir," said Maggie, blushing and sighing. " I had a good sign this morning." "What was that, Maggie?" said Mr. M'Graw, still holding his end of the blue ribbon. h Why, see, sir," she soi-J, nnd pointed to the skirt of her dress. 1 put it 011 wrong side out this morning, and never changed it, for Martin used to 6ay it was a sure sign of good luck." And who is Martin ?" said Sir. M'Graw. " It so happens that I am interested in that name." ••' The one Pig looking for a letter from, sir. The yesse} -vy^s tU;e a month ago and here her voice broke, at}d the brown eyes filled with tears. A sailor with the name of Martin?" said Mr. M'Graw, with increased interest. " What's his last name, Maggie " Malloy, sir—Martin Mnlloy." " God bless my soul!" said Mr. M'Graw: " this is a remarkable coincidence! Why, ilaggje^ this is the very man I'm waiting jo hear from, A heavy siim of my money depends upon this friend of yours. I suppose he is more than a friend Maggie?" " We're promised to be married, T>ir, AFTEF THIS voyage. IFE had a chance of rising tip secQpd MATE; AND pli, I'm eo sorry we waited!" •" So am I," said Mr. M'Graw. " If lie'd stopped lovg enough tQ be married we might have got hold of him for witness, and that would have been the making of many a thousand pounds for me; but never mind, Maggie ; let's de pend upon the augury of the petticoat. You see our fates ure linked together, and as only one of us wears a petticoat, the one garment must serve for us botli; and l'il tell you what, Maggie"'—for she was fast vanishing again, and he hated to see her gf>=-" }'j! {ell yoii what: when Martin cpifie§ back, and wins for me this money, a 'gppd jpiifld 6uin of it shall go ior im eddipg outfit for y« u -" < f If he only copies back !'• said Maggie, and went out the door, leaving the ribbon still in the hand of Mr. M'Graw—a meditative, softened, altogether changed ex pression upon his face. " A most remarkable coincidence!" he reppafpji tp hjnisclf. <i Th|s accounts for |hb interest I-ye* taken in that gin from freak flf'jMiny has here we are both of tlijs sailor. ' EUJJJIOSO he's worthy 'Q| her. No doubt he's a rough, common, abusive brute ; but he's young"—here Mr. M'Grawgave vent to a grunt that was meant for a sigh—"and, I suppose, after his low fashion, good-looking." Here Mr. M'G raw kicked over the oitanum that obstructed iiis way, put the blue ribbon in his vest pocket", drew a chair to the window, filled his pipe, and looking out upon a triangular bit or the western sky, fell iuto a profound reverie. The next morning Maggie was at her old post sit ihe attic window. Mr. M'Grnw was also rattling at his blinds ; but he looked fully as often up at Maggie as he did down the street for the postman, and was quite jocular and smiliug for a man of his nervous temperament. " Any inoie signs, Maggie?" he said, almost dislocating his neck to get a good look at her pretty face. Maggie shook her head and smiled mournfully. " I dreamed of white horses, sir, and mother says it's a bad sign." "Your mother is ;<l\v;iys a f—^ Here the postman stopped at the door, and nobody will ever know whether Mr. M'Graw meant to call his landlady a line woman or a fool, for all further conversation was stopped by the coming of tlie long looked-for letters. There was one for Maggie, and one for Mr. M'Graw. Maggie had run down to the door, taken both letters, and fled upstairs again. Her and was trembling and cold as she put the letter in Mr. M' G raw's hand. I'm afraid to open mine," she said ; it's in a strange handwriting." Mr. M'Graw watched her dissappcar, then tore open his own envelope without a tremour. At the first sentence, however, ilr. M'Graw started and put his spectacles firmer upon his nose, and by the time lie had read the missive half tluough, his face had become the index of many conflicting emotions. AH at once there was a heavy thump upon the floor of the room above. My God!" said Mr. M'Graw, "she's got the news already." And, rushing out of the room and up the stairs as f;ist as his iitlicr gouty legs would carry him, he saw the poor girl stretched lifeless upon the floor, the fatal letter crumpled in lier hand. Then he pounded in right good earnest, ind, being a man of action, had proper vsioratives used, a doctor brought, an I, nfter a time, poor Maggie wearily opened her eyes. The moment she saw Mr. M'Graw she screamed and fainted again. " I'm a bitter reminder of her loss," iid Mr. M'Graw. The doctor and Maggie's mother looked at him inquiringly, wondering how Mr. M'Graw could remind Maggie of the drowning of her lover. But Mr. M'Graw did not explain ; lie merely stepped aside when Maggie opened her eyes again. After her lirst long, sobbing breath, her first words were for .Mr. JI'Graw. Vvhere is he?" *he said. "Let liim come to me. lie has lost his money, and j I have lost—" Here the words froze 011 her lips, and she held out her hands to Mr. M'Graw, who had reached the couch upon which they had lifted her. She put her arms about his neck, and sobbed there like a little child. Mr. M'Graw had lived a lonely bachelor's life; his kith and kin were far awuy. This was a new experience for him—new and strangely sweet. For years and years the fragrant breath of a won had not touched his lips. His eyes were wet and blurred ; a queer choking sensation arose in his throat : his voice was husky as he blurted out some consoling words. " He can never come back to speak for you," said poor Maggie. " You have lost all your money. I'm very sorry for you, Mr. M'G raw." She meant she was sorry for herself, but the poor child craved companionship in her grief. Heaven knows she got it from Mr. M'Graw. From this time out he became voted to the duty of assuaging the grief of the bereaved girl, lie filled his pockets with bonbons, and ribbons, and the various gewgaws he thought would soften the affliction of a girl of twenty, and failing with those, sought to distract her by junketings to parks and promenades and shows, and finding these were distasteful to her, at last yielded to her desire to go down to the wharves where the big ships ay. Here they spent hour after hour, Mr. M'Graw content to hold one of her hands in his while the other Uy in her lap, and lier eyes went wistfully wandering out over the water, till the shadows grew longer and longer, and the day was done. Then he would say, gently, " Come, Maggie," and she would obey in a sweet, dutiful fashion, lifting her lace to his, full of some soil of affection—iic didn't stay to consider what it was ; byt Maggie knew th.it she owed this luxury of melancholy entirely to Mr, M'Graw. He bad coaxed her mother into giving over Maggie's ordinary drudgery into other hands, so that she could have the comfort of nursing ler grief under the auspices of Mr. M'Graw. His landlady had, indeed, needed very little persuasion, and met his entreaties half way. Mr. M'Graw found nothing distasteful in this maternal solicitude having fo;- y. nr; pani d the thrusts aqd caterings of anxious mothers jr behalf of their portionless daughters, the more so as it fuitlieip 1 his own happiness, and rendered him more und more comfortable as time went by. Now that the hot summer was gone, and the stormy winds of winter began to blow, the old briifc lodgings were not so gloomy. The ob i'luely visioned ancestor had been tiken from the wall; the rusty tjrate was rubbed into a rubicund brightness, and therein the coals blazed generously. There was no stint in the maternal blessings showered upon this lodger, and Mr. M'Graw, for the first time, appreciated his dealings with a commercial woman, who was willing to spend money when there was con.<:dei:ible to be made by it, This excellent woman c-ven endeavored tq put an air of sumrtuess into Maggie's wardrobe, and garnished her cloak with a crimson trimming. Maggie wore the cloak, but her face was sadly out of keeping with the brave garment. She had grown so much more subdued, and so much older in her manner and appearance | that Mr. M'Graw fult more and more at case in her society, and of the twQ hp began to apppaj- the biigluosr, aud wore an air of briskness' and vigour that went far to make up for his mature years. Hie lawyers declared that never, in the whole course of their experience, bad they seen a man possess with tjiich admirable philosophy. " At least £3,000 swept away by this unluckj- sailor, and M'Graw never jiiynnurs about it," said one of tho legal gentlemen, "Adversity seems to soften him," replied the other. " He hasn't cursed anybody or anything for six months," " Still he don't scetn crushpd qj- qjdened by the blow." " On the contrary I10 gets younger every day." Which really was a fact. Happiness was an extraordinary renovator to Mr. McGraw, and the neighbors declared kindly that he and Maggie looked very well together, "Oh, a man is iilways young, if hp's gfjt ineanB," they added! ' As the moptlis went by, it begati tp be generally conceded by all concerned that Mr. McUraw was "paying attention" to Maggie, and 6lio was treated with that rare consideration that her good luck demanded. The only crentP? 0 thnt seemed utterly igpnrapt of the situation was poor Maggie herself, who had never for a moment forgotten her dciid sailor, or ceased jevivipg his memory to Mr, McGraw, who seemed the only pue that cpuid fully sympathise with hdr and console her. Prodded qn by thip enppura^in^ hints att{| allyEipnE 91 tii'9 girl's mother, Mr. McGraw had endeavoured to infuse into his manner something of the bearing of a lover, but Maggie invariably received these advances with the gentle gratitude that ha I become a pari of her nature, and Mr. McGraw instinctively shrank from anything that might *hock her delicacy, or estrange her from him. He resolved to bide his time, winning gradually all of her heart that was left from the possession of the ilea l sailor, accustoming her to the practice of associating their lives together, teaching her to lean upon him, and seek from him what happiness she could call her own. Then when some happy moment arrived in which he could win her to share her life with him, he would trust to his own exertions to win her love. Life was a weary burden 111 tlie old lodging-house, compared to the luxury he could oflVr her. Then he could see that he was making himself necessary to her. One morning as they stood on the long pier and looked out to sea, he said to the girl clinging to his arm, " Shall j'ou be sorry my dear, to see me one of these days sailing away in a ship like that one over yon;lor, never perhaps to look upon your sweet face again ?" She said no word, but clung closer to his arm, and two big tears rolled out of her eyes, lie took courage then to put his arm about her—not but that it had often been there before, but that was in a fatherly sort of way. " Would you be afraid, Maggie, to cross the sea with me he said. " Afraid ?" she replied ; " I could never be afraid of the sea." There was an unpleasant inflection in these words that was closely connected with the deal sailor, and Mr. McGraw essayed still another enquiry. '• Don't you love 111c a little, Maggie?" he said. " I love you better thau anybody «OIP," 6he said. He longed to ask her if her love was any tiling of the nature of the ardent passion (she had once he'd for the sailor Ma!!03-, but of course he refrained, and indeed was well content with his present happiness. Mr. McGraw felt certain of the future. This seemed 110 obstacle to his happiness, and that very day he resolved to get his affairs in shape so that he could leave the country at a momeut's notice. He stooped and kissed Maggie good-bye, and started off blithely to see his lawyt-rs. " Don't be Jong," she caiicd from the window. " I shall wait here till you come back." "God bless the child !" said poor Mr. McGraw. "There certainly is nothing now to hinder our happiness." The lawyers were out, and the office was in care of the boy. On a low chair bj* the door a] man sat, with his head resting upon his hands, and his !i:i!i<!s resting upon his knees. His whole appearance was that of slipshod nature that it seemed as if he mi^ht fall to pieces at any moment. His frame, of Herculean dimensions, was the more pitiable that the flesh had shrunken from his bones, and the features of his face were harsh and forbidding in their prominence. His clothes were faded and patchcd, aud his hat was pulled over his eyes, and altogether he was a most forlorn and pitiable object in this office of a prosperous solicitor. In ihe heyday of happiness, how could Mr. McGraw pass this wretched fellowcreature by without a word ? " Good morning, my poor fellow," lie said. " You seem to be in a sorry plight. Can I do anything for you "? " You can tell me," said the man, in a hoarse aud hollow voice, " if these people here will be glad to see me. I'm told there's a reward offered for any news of me, and I'd like a little money to prink up before I -go to see my sweetheart. She'll be thinking it's my ghost if I go to her like this." " Some wretched criminal," thought Mr. McGraw, " who has risked everything to see the woman he loves. See here, my good fellow," he said, lowering his voice, " if this money will be of any use to you, take it, aud go; but I'd keep clear of the law if I were you." " Why, thank you, sir," said the man, putting back the bills, " but I'm no beggar, I'll wait aqd hear what these sharks have to say." At that moment the senior lawyer entered, and turned upon the fellow a distrustful glance. " What do you want here ?" he said, sharply, " I want the money that was offered for news of a shipwrecked sailor called Martin Malloy." " I offered ten pounds," said the lawyer, turning to Mr. McGraw. " The devil you did !" said Mr. McGraw, who had fallen into a chair, and was ga/.ing at the man with strained eyes. "This Malloy is dead," lie added, gtjll keeping his eyes upon the man, " He ai'nt quite doad, 1 ' said the man, " but as near it as he likes to be." Thcu lie went on to tell the story of the wreck, the exposure in the open boat, the ngony aud starvation, the death and insanity of most of the crew. It was an old story, repeated very often, but the lawyer and Mr. McGraw seemed to hang upon every word that fell from the lips of the miserable mariner. Mr. McG raw's face grew old and wrinkled as he listened. The ] 1; wycr at length uttered an ejaculation o j joy. " I congratulate you, Mr. McGraw,' lie said turning to his client; your money is us safe as if you held it in your Imnds^' But Mr. McGraw had fallen back against the wftll The3' loosened his ueck-tie and threw water iu his face. "By Jove!" eaid the lawyer, "your joyful news has been too much for him. A big part of bi6 money was ftt atake, you see, and he's hidden h|a feelings go long ini^ey a i^ask of resignation that now j ho is {jvercotqe. Gjct a cub at once," he added, to tho boy. But Mr. McGraw revived, and by the time the cab readied the office, he was able to go home alone, lie, however, asked Martin to go with liim ; and as the cab rolled along, his eyes were still fixed upon his dilapidated coninanioo. " Nobody \\\\-oyld k»io\v youj I suppose ?" he G<i;d tp {hp sailor. Not a soul, sir, 11 said Martin.. "Not even the—a—the pei«on you spoke of as your sweetheart ?" "She Jesst ^ any," said Martin. "I think she'd rim aw^y from me ou sight." "- You think BO?" " I'm sure of it, J bet you a dollar she wou,l(J, '-Yet it wouldn't pay you?" " Why no—why should it ? Women folks are made that way. But I'll soon prink up if I get a chance," He began to prink up already, put liis hat back, and brushed his rumpled hair from his forehead, looked from the window of the cab with the air of a man to whom life was unspeakably rare and sweet He was emaciated, shrunken, shallow, fierce-eyed, and forlorn ; he was poor and patched 5 bitf Mr. Graw would w;ll?Rgly hftve taken his place in the race for happiness ; he knew all that was lost. Here was Martin Malloy; that was Ihe end of everything. The thought came a littlo too late that seeing her long-lost lover might kill tlie girl or dr^ve Ler mad. He began to explain io Martin, as gradually as ho could, that the house to which they were journeying was the <«»e that contained bis sweetheart. Mr. M'Graw chose the tuost careful phraseology he could nutter, but tho sailor secincd all at ancc to got on fire. He flu?\g his hat upon the Beat lx* F^e him; he stretched from tho wfodow ' lii£ i.ong shrunken "Vw'4 Wtter §et o«t and come iq after I've broken it to her. It may kill her; it may drive her mad. The shock was a terrible one to me," said Mr. M'Graw. " That be hanged," said Martin. "You're an old man, you know, and thought of your money—but my Maggie!" Here be stopped, and tlie flame of delight and desire burned in his cheeks and eyes. He grew suddenly young and -strong under the gaze of poor M'Graw. Maggie sat there by tic window, as sl;c had promised. Oh, the bitterness of that moment to one, the happiness to the other. One moment Mr. M'Graw saw her as he had left her—pale, calm, subdued, patient; the next a crimson glow had leaped to her facc, then left it paler than before; suddenly it disappeared, and Mr. M'Graw thought it had fallen away somewhere in a faint; but presently it shone on the breast of the sailor, so radiant and beautiful that it dazzled poor Mr. M'Graw. " Why, yon did know me," said Martin, fears bursting out of his burning eyes. " Uy thunder, in spite of everything, she did know me. I owe you a dollar, Mr. M'Graw." " And, ' Master Shallow, I owe you a thousand pound,'" quoted Mr. M'Graw, with a bitter grin. What more can be said ? Tho wedding took place a little later on, after the lawsuit had been decided in favor of Mr. M'Graw. Maggie's wedding trip wus across the sea, but not iu a steamer. It was in a trig Jittle vessel, which Mr. M'Graw gave as a wedding present, at the express request of the bride. " Martin wouldn't give up the sea," she said. " And you wouldn't give up Martin ?" said Mr. M'Graw. " Why, no, sir, not for the wond," said the foolish girl. So poor Mr. M'Graw took passage alone. 