fjfoMisi. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BY MRS. £. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of 'The Hidden Hand,' 'The Deserted Wife,' ' Self-Made,' &c;, &c.; CHAPTER XXI.— Continued. 'Did I not mention any name in the body Of tbat letter 7' ' Nob* but the name* of places, that told nothing.' 'Bat the postscript — what did that say f' 'Roqneited me to read the letter sddresied to Miss Stirr, and tb«n to give it to her with my own hands. ' Oaly that and nothing more.'' 'What an infernal fatality! But, Miss Delonine, your note to me, handed me by yoonelf at the study door?' said Adrian, with * keen look into her eyes. 'Well, you have 30b th«.t, of course. Refer to it if you with,' said Antoinette, artfully refraining from committing herself by soy statement of it» content* until she ?hnnld dltoover whether he had possession ?fit. ?'No, I have not gob it. I burned it up. Bat I know it was your espmstoa of forgive new and aooepttnoB and consent to meet me at the appointed pUo-*. and time,' he arid, looking at her keenly. 'For Net, not for myself, you gander 1 Ton h*d taken me — or I auppoied you had taken me into your confidence by asking me to read that letter and then to give it to Nat —which I did. Taen, in my not* to you, I told yon tbat you were forgiven ; that you Were loved too deeply not to be forgiven freely; and tbat the companion of your journey would meet you at the apectnad time and place — mewing N-t- all the time ! A-, of course, I thought you kuew,' eaid Antoinette, as if she were weary of the dltcastion. 41 The moit fatal oomplioatioi of mistakes I ever beard of in my life 1' groaned Adrian. 'The mott complete ' comedy of errors,' you mean j and the worst of it is, that you cannot have the sat.'af*o*ion of blaming anybody butyoureelf !' said Mies D-dor*in«, tttll much inclinad to laugh, but repressing the inclination As for Adrian Fleming, he stood now over Whelmed with humiliation and despair at the doubly painful and absnrd position 1c which ne had placed himself , as the bridegr -om in a mistaken marriage, and as the accuser of 20m Dnloraine upon false ground*. Now, also, cttne a strong reictioa of his affection*. With the diiappearanse of hU doubts concerning Antoinette, his anger ?gainst her subsided; and with the revival of bii confidence his love re-kindled. 'Tes.lt is traeJ I have only myself to blame !' he moaned, in a voice of mortifica tion and despondency. ' But oh, Antoinette, now much misery and desolation I have brought upon myself! That letter— tbat petition for pardon and acceptance— you now know was intended for you 1 It wn you only whom I loved and do love, and must ewr love 1 Oh, my beloved 1 Give me some *- ' little hope to keep me from dying of despair 1 After thia «l»y I eh»U never see Net Starr—' 'Net Fleming.' amended Miss Daloraine. , ''Net Fleming,' then,' assented Adrian, la a faopeleaa tone, being too utterly humbled and depressed to take any exception to Antoinette1! eorreotion— M ' Net Fjemin*.' I have taken my laat leave of her to-day. In a ihsrt time 1 Bnaii tajca measures to have ♦his false and most preposterous marriage «a*olved by law, and then, my only beloved, I will lay my recovered freedom, my heart, By bud, and all I possess at your dear feet. Oh, Antoinette ! M*y I take away with me we hops that you will then bleu my life Withyoor peerUsi mIe ?'' heplsadad, taking her hand and gating into her eya. Mum Ddoraiae'a long threatening fit of laughter now burst forth in irrepressible P°*er* Snatching her hand from his, she uU back in her chair and laughed until the . ?*?*? wiled down her flushed oneeks. If this wen not so supremely abBurd it Wonld be profoundly immoral and unpardon »bViDauUing,Itsil«aaidJ,as soon as aha could *?*? 'HtraU* man who ran away with, f ? — — — ———====5; ?Bd married, one woman kit night, nuties ad«l.r.tionofWe»BdPropottlofnSr£! to another wouura this morning ' ^raagt- tJ^T* pkmin^ Pa''-! with pwrion turned away in jjbnea to leftM ^ ££** 'Come back,' .aid U-*s D,loraine. «I have eouwtbing to txj to you.' aa?iBooTe baCk RCd **Cod bef°™ her- mufce ?? 1 onght to tell yon that this marriage of yODrs e*n mak. no difference in onr relations «d shall continue to be friends. Nor can a dwolatioa of that marriage make any sach difference. We have never been more than friend*, and we sever can be more than trlMlas. ' Yju give me no hope to save my life frT^'nkiDg tato roiD !' *roa»ed Adrian. S j, no hope ; not the least. It i* better to be petfeotly plain with you. Mr. Fleming. I never cared enough for you to marry you, and I never c*n do «o.' ' Ton love someone else, then!' exdaimed Adrian, grinding hie teeth under bis white lips. ' That Is a most unwarrantable question. Tet I will answer it truly. I love do ose else, in your hum of the word. I do mot chink there is any such love in my nature. Gentlemen are not at all attractive except in so far «s they amuse me, and not much even in ttufc way. I shall .never marry for love. I thall marry for rank and title.' '? Thsie, at Irat. I can give you. I am the heir of my father's baronetcy, you know,' ventured Adrian. 'Tfaa might be all very well as far as it noei ; snd if I fail to win a duke, a marqnis, an earl, viecount or baron, I might in future years, when my youth shall have waned, be compelled by circumstances to accept a barcnet ; bnt not otherwise ; and not certainly a bwonec who has figured in »uch an absurd adventure as yours. I repeat that it is best to be plain with yon, Mr. Fleming, even though I should seem rude.' Again the stfronied lover started to leave the roon-, and again Miis Delonine recalled him. ' Will you take a little wholesome advice from my lipa ? Think of Net as the future companion of your life. You cannot do better, or as well. You have married her. Her birth is as good as mine, we being brothers' children, and in the event of my death, unmarried, she would be the heiress of Deloraine Park. Sae is, besides, one of the loveliest yonng women in person and character that I have eier known. Take her, Adrian. Give her a chance to win your whole heart, an4 my word for it, she will make you very happy in the end,' said Antoinette, earnestly, warming with her theme. ' Have you done ?' growled the joung man. ??Yea.' ' Will you let me go now?' 'With pleasure.' ' Taen good-bye 1' And he flung himself out of the room in a tumult of contending pasbions— love, anger, shame aad despair. ' Well,' eaid Miss Deloraine to herself, as noon as she was alone, ' it is said that S»tan helps his own, ao I must belong to S»tan, aiuce I have got out of this horrid acrape ?» much more easily than I had hoped to do. Bat, oh, at what a cost of lying 1 And so iLry are married and parted, ali within twelve hour* ! Aad tbat reticent imp. Net, never gave me a hint of it. All right I I would rattier not t.lk of it, I am sure ! Sitan'a own, as I must be, I had ratter not tell more lies thin I can avoid ! Sj if Net eays nothing to me about her unrriaRp, I shall certainly say nothing to her. Heigh-ho ! I wonder what will be the end of it all ?' so sighing, Mus Diloraiae tat down at the piano, opened it, selected a piece of difficult music that »he bad been practising for the last few days, and began to play. Sae did not meet Net until dinner time, when the Buffering, patient face of the girl once more awakened her remorse. ' I shall never be happy,' she said to her ?rif — ' never c»n be 8j, until Adrian makes Net happy.' But ahe talked to Net of other matters. That afternoon a messenger came from the Dolphin, bringing two letters from Mr. Fleming ; one was a sealed letUr addressed to the Rev. Dr. S»rr, the other an open letter address id to the ladies of the rectory, and requesting that hi* effects might be Sfnt to his lodgings at Mtston. Net placed tbe drat oa her father's study table, and opened and read the last. Then with her own hands she carefully packed all Adrian's books, clothing, and other property, »ad cent th«m off by the catrler's cart. All the rest of that day Net went about her household duties, and performed them faithfully, though mechanically, and with such a pkj»icAl sinking of her heart as seemed to ask a tightly-bound s&eh; about her waist to support and relieve its faintness. Tua*. eight, 00 retiring to bod, sae fouud that 6uo could not lie down without an ittsiant&aeous; eenGe »f suffocation. She had to recline propped up with pillows, and so she passed a restless and sleepless night. Had Net been * delicately reared young girl, like Lidy iriclla Moutjoie, ehe must have yielded to t&e; phyeical ttiecta of her deep mental anguish, and kept her bed, and had a phyeiciau. But, as we said, Net had not been delicately reared ; Bhe had been trained in the school of patience, labour, self-denial and endurance. So when daylight Appeared and found her a til! wakeful and unrefreahed, she conquered her weakness and arose to the performance of her day's duties. L'ttle taammata wai a wise woman on the subject of healinc tied strengthening roots ana herbs. iSde was wiser tnan that court physician who could not ' minister to % mind diteacbd.' She knew that where the mini was 'diseased' wiih remorse or sorrow, or any other mtlady, t'*e bo?y mast be supported, or it would also become invalid ani iccipable of use. And eo Net took herself strongly in hand, and braced bath body and soul to battla wi'h the sorrow that threatened to destroy both. But oh 1 it was a hard, hard fight ! She looked forward to the arrival of her atep father with hope and fear. She knew tnafc he would comfort and counsel her effectually, but would he not be very aevere in hia judgment of Adrian? The next day wonld be Saturday, when tboy might expect the rector back. Net busied herself in the meantime with having his study thoroughly cleaned and renovated, she herself only handling his bookB and papery dinting them all and putting each one back in ite place, so that he might be able to lay his hand at once on the book or piper he might want. Tnis kindly work occupied the whole of Friday; but ah 1 it did noc support the faint and sinking heart that dap, or bring sleep to the heavy, tearless eyes that night. Od Saturday Not busied herself in the kilihen ia the preparation of d«licite or favourite dishes for her father's repaat'when he anould arrive in the evening. 1 She expected him by the five o'clock train. Sae had ordered the dinner to be put back till half-paBt live, and she bid the table laid with the finest damast «nd the bpst china, and decorated wish a bouquet (of flowers in the midst as for & dinner party, while aha dressed herself and tba babies in their best holiday mite, as for the reception of a dutiogniihed gnert. Yet through all this preparation her heart ached and eank fasavHy A little before five o»cloek eh« aent the stable-boy with the gig to meet hia master at the atation. And then ahe aat down and waited. « ? ? ? CHAPTER XXIL THE RECXOB's BET0KH. In *-1 bts wandering* round this worM -*f care. £.-L?i*hllftT~'ldS-1 hM gireD hi' 'hM*- '« .?'«l 'ad h »pes, his latest boars vt cro«n Amidst «ho«e bumble bowers to toy him down ? T» basbanri out lire's taper at iia close. And keep the flame from wasting by repose. —Goldsmith Net sat in the front porch waiting until the clock atruck five. Then, as if fired by a sudden impulse, she started up and hurried into her father's stndy, a*-iz?d Adrian Fleming's letter to the rector that lay npon the table among others tbat had come for him during his absence, and hid it between the leaves of a book on the shelves. 'Father shall not see this sleepdestroy ing document to-night, at any rate. After his long jonrney be must be permitted to rest well ; and to- morrow, when he has had his breakfast, I will give it to him,' she said, as she glanced around the room to see that all was right. ' And now,' she con tinued, as she left the study. ' I must warn Antoinette. I do not know how much she may know, or suspect, of last night's mis fortune ; but she must not be permitted to drop a word or a biot tbat may disturb my father's peace to- night.' With this Net ran np-stairs and knocked at Miss Deloraine' s door. 'Who's there?' inquired Antoiuette's voice from within. ' It is I,' said Net. ?« Come in, then. You might have come without knooking !' Nat opened the door and entered the chamber, where she found Miss Daloraine standing before the glass, putting the last touches to her toilet by pinning flowera on her bosom and in her hair. 'Antoinette,' began the girl, sitting down on a chair, resting her elbow on th« table, and looking wistfully into her cousin's face—' Antoinette, if you know anything the hearing of which might disturb my father's peace, do not be betrayed by thoughtlessness into any illusion to the fcubject. Father is old ; he has had a very fatiguing journey, and he must sleep to night. To-morrow morning, after break fast, when he has been refreshed by rest and food, it will be time enough to tell him bad news.' When Net nad begun to epeak Miss Deloraine had. expected the disagreeable accusation she had eo long dreaded, and saying, mentally, ' Now for it,' had braced herself for the battle. But before Net had finished she found herself strangely puzzled by the girl's words and manner. Net evi dently had not come to make a charge or to demand an explanation, but to ask a favour. She did not look belligerent or even suspicious, yet her words were strange. Did the rector's daughter suspect that she knew anything about the secret marriage ? She would test the question immediately. ' You must tell me plainly what subjects I must avoid before I can hope to profit by your warning, Net. I might stumble upon the very theme most to be deprecated. They say we must never allude to ropes in the presence of a man whoBe father has been hanged, but, you see, one may not always know but that the man's father died in his bed, in an odour of sanctity. You must tell me plainly what you mean, dear.' ' Then I beg you to avoid the subject of — Adrian Fleming.' The name almost choked Net. ' ? Avoid the subject of Adrian Fleming J' Certainly, if you say eo,' replied Antoinette, beginning to eing an old love-song — ' Oh, no, we never mention him, Hie name is never heard ; Oar lips are now forbid to apeak That once familiar word.' ' Tbat is all, cousin, I thank you. Oh ! if my father opens the sai.jeot and asks for Adrian, as he will be sure to do, leave me to answer him,' added Net. ' With the greatest pleasure in life. It will relieve me of an embarrassment,' replied Mis s Deloraiue. Net arose to go, bat as she did so she caught the eyes of Antoinette fixed sympa thetically, sorrowfully upon her, and in that inatunt Net felt sure that Miss Deloraiue knew her seoiet. Antoinette was a mixture of good and evil too common to be strange. She was affec tionate, benevolent, and generous ; but she was irritable, timorous, and untruthful. She was suffering now from remorse and compasBion on account of Net. She wished very deeply to make amends, if she could do it without hurting herself. She wisbed to comfort Net, but she could not confess to her. The girls looked into each other's eyes an instant, and then Antoinette said : ' Net, dear, I see that that you don't want to quarrel with me, as Adrian did. But you don't know anything about that yet. You don't want to quarrel with me, Net ; bat do yon want to confide in me, darling ?' 'I think you know all that I could tell you,' replied the girl, gently. ' Pretty mueb. I know that you wera mar ried on Thursday evening to Adrian Fleming by mistake.' ' Yee,' -breathed Net, sinking back in her chair. ' And I know that this mistake originated in my gentloman'fi having two strings to his bow and misplacing and misdirecting two love-letters that he was writing to two Jadi-B in the same hour. The one to me was a pro poeal of marriage directed to you ! You fell into the pitfall accidentally made for you, poor little eoul, and you were married by mistake! And aa my fine gentleman dis covered Lib mistake he threw you off , inBUlted everybody right and left, and bolted for Devonshire. ' How did yon know this ?' inquired Net, in & very low voice. ' He told me all ! Ha camej here about noon on Friday, aes-iiled^ me with abase, accused me of tampering with the letters and transposing them with my own hands.' ' O h-h-h ! Adrian must indeed have bean almost insane to have charged you with such a dishonourable, such a degrading act !' cried Net, with a genuine shudder of moral horror. Antoinette winced nnder it. It was dread ful to see her sin through Net's clear, pare eyeB. «? YeB,'8he eaid, rallying her spirits. 'And he threatened to proeeoate me ! But I soon showed him the impossibility of my having done *noli a deed as that 1 Moreover, I told him if hia complimentary proposal had reached my hands, I never could have com plied with it. He vent away very much ashamed of himself ^ when he found ont tbat he had charged me falsely, and had only his own carelessness to blame for hiB misfortune — if it wot a misfortune 1 I consider it a pieee of unmerited good lack I' ' Had it pleased Heaven, I had rather died than this shonld have happened 1' breathed the girl. ' What ! and leave the poor babies or phans ? Nothing of the sort, Net 1 It does not plea?e Heaven nor earth that you should die! You shall live, Net, to bring tbat scornful young hatband of youra to your feet yrtl' 'Oh, no, nc,2no! This ceremony most not hold him in Bondage 1 He^aaya ihe^law can free him, and it most!' ?' The law will do no Buch thing 1 The law won't annul a marriage except for crime. That ia certain. I wonder a man of his knowledge did not know that mueb. No, Net, you are safe to be Lady Fleming. No earthly power— not even your self-aaerifieing spirit driven by my gentleman's dominant will— can prevent tluU. You will be Lady Fleming !' ' Ob, I never eared for that ! I never eared for wealth, or rank, or title. I only cared for Adrian— for himself. If he had been the poorest curate that ever starved on thirty pounds a year, I shonld have loved him all the same.' ' No, you wouldn't. For, in euoh oireum etanoes, he would have been a better man than he ia sow, and you would not have loved him at alL People love their oppoeites, it is said. You, being a little angel, must love a fellow with a strong spice of mischief in him, like Mr. Adrian Fleming. And that is all right.' Net had again got up to leave the room. She paused only to hear her cousin out, and then she went away. As she passed downstairs ehe happened to look from a window at the turn of the staircase, that commanded a view of the church-yard. And there she saw a tableau that Btartled and alarmed her. It was Kit o' Jim — it was her Missing Xink — in close conversation with a gentle man, and that gentleman proved, on inspec tion, to be Mr. Brandon Coyle, whom Net 'and all the neighbourhood supposed at that time to be in London with his sister and their uncle. Their attitude, too, was distressing to Net. Kit Blood fronting this side of the honse. with her white apron rolled awkwardly up over her' fine round white arms, her handsome, bluthing face bent down until her chin tonohed her heaving bosom, and her lovely blue eyes lowered until their eyelashes shaded her blooming cheeks, while around all hung down her glorious hair like a shower of meteors as it sparkled in the sun's rays. Beside her, and a little behind her,' Btood Brandon Coyle, with h:s arm about her waist and his head bent to her bosom, and his lips too near her cheek. This must be Btopped, Net knew. The rector's little daughter, in her daily visits among the poor, had learned enough of the evil thatcomes of gentlemen courting poor cottage girls and female servants. She leaned from the window and raised her young voice until it rang like a sea captain's from his quarter-d^ck : 'Kit!' The pair sprang apart as if a bombshell had fallen between them, and Kit began to jump over the mounds and run home as fast as she could come, while Brandon Coyle turned and walked away in the opposite direction. Net 'went down into the kitchen and met Kit as the hitter came in at the back door. ;. ' Who was that you were talking with in the church-yard?' inquired Net, asking a very natural but very unnecessary question, since ehe had already recognised Kit's companion. ' Sure he were Coyle, as yo Jmought o' seen for', yoself if yo bed eyes, Mistress Net!' answered Kir, rather pertly. ' Whai|; was he saying to you ?' gravely demanded the little mistress of the rectory. ' Ob, Oi dunnot know ! Just some o' his nonsense,'' replied the girl, blushing deeply. ' j ? ' Kit,'v,-:8aid little mammam, very solemnly. ' I warn you not to let gentle men talk; nonsense to you. It will bring you to evil; Kit ! — to bitter, bitter sin and woe!' r. ' Dunnot yo fear, Mistress Net. Oi ken tak' keer o? meself,' said the Missing Link, proudly. : ??- Net mig^t have gone on with her catechism and exhortation, had not the sound of wheels reached her ears. She turned quickly and ran into the front hall, and opened the door in time, to see the gig draw np and the minister, looking tired and harrassed, descend to the ground. \\] ' Oh h-h-h .' '?; Tm so glad to see you, dear father ! It eeems a s if you had been gone a month! Come' Come in. Give me your bat; give me your umbrella. There! Come right into your room 1 Everything ia ready for you.''' This was all rather gushing for the quiet, self- repressed' Net, but then she had been so sorely /tried during her father's absence, and Bhehad wanted him eo much. The pleasure of meeting him had brought a transient colour. to her pallid cheeks and light to her heavy eyes, so that the rector did not perceive tjhe sad change that had passed over his child. ' I am glad to g«t home again, my dear, and very glad to slee you, my little ' angel of the household.' j Well, Net, is all well with the family?' he inquired, as he entered his chamber, which was on the fleor in the rear of his office. ' We are all in our usual health, dear father.' ' And my dear boy ? My Adrian? My future son-in-ls w ?' eaid the rector, as he sank into his big arm-chair. N--t walked to the window and made an effort with trembling bands to draw the white curtain to soften the bright blaze of the afternoon sun, as she answered , in a low voice: ' He— ia not here. He has gone to Fleming Chase.' ' Gone to Fleming Cbaee ! That is very odd, isn't it, when I left him here in charge of the house?' ** He^ — I — his father wrote for him.' ' Net ! what is the matter with you, my dear? Turn around here and let me look at you. Wby, you are as pale as a ghost ! And you tremble eo you can scarcely stand ! Net, tell me ! Had Adrian written to his father to sanction his engagement to you, and had Sir Adrian written back and for bidden the marriage, and ordered him home ?' demanded the minister, frowning heavily. 'Ob, no, dear father, nothing of the sort,' replied Net, struggling to regain her self-command. 'The baronet wrote for him to come immediately and help to en tertain a midsummer party of visitors that were assembled at the Chase.' 'Oh! and you are distressed at the separation?1' ' Yee,'.answered Net, 'distressed at the separation !' And losing all self-control at the thonght of how much more dire, more lasting, and more fraught with misery than her father deemed this separation really was, Net burst into tears and sobbed convulsively. ' Oh ! the iittle cry-baby ! Come to its daddy and be comforted !' exclaimed the rector, half in sympathy, half in raillery, as he opened his arms to receive her upon his bosom, and while be held her head to his heart and smoothed her dark hr.ir with his hands, Net sobbed herself into quietude. Then she wiped her eyes and kissed her father's dear hands, and said, as she aross: ' How wrong of me ! How wrong to do tbie, the very hour of your return ! To be overcome by my own selfish feelings when I should have felt only for you and your needs! You told utonoe that* there muBt be a resurrection from self before there could be a resurrection unto life.' But, oh 1 dear father, doe*; it not take all one's days on earth to rise above self ? I will not worry yeu any more now. Hen iB your hot water, and here are your cluan clothes, and now I will leave you to dress yourself. How soon will you be ready for dinner?' ' In twenty minutes, my dear. Poor child ! It was a little trying that your lover should be called away just after your old father had gone off. But I have & piece of wonderful news for you, Net.' 11 - News' — for me, father,' exclaimed the girl, suddenly halting and thinking only, and most anreaeonably, of news from Flemiug Chase. ' YeB, bnt, dear ohild, I do not really know whether I am glad or sorry to be the bearer or tbis news. I do not know whether it will be for vonr flood or evil, but it is erand news ! There — I must leave it for to-morrow. I can cot enter into bo heavy a subject this after noon. I should not even have alluded to it but that I think it is well to give you some thing else to think of beside Adrian's absence. Now with wondering vihaX my news can possibly be, you will have no time to fret after your lover. There ! be off with you and give me a chance to get some of this railroad grit out of my eyes and nose/' Net smiled and left the room.jBpeculating, iuJeed, as to what her father's news for her could be,, bnt knowing well that, whatever, it was, it could not possibly astonish her' bo much as her news must astonish him. But tbis also must be deferred for the morning. \- , Half-an-bour later Dr. Starr came down to dinner, where he met Miss Deloraine, Net, and the babies who had been allowed to sit up to sea their father. After shaking hands with Antoniette in grave affeotion tbat somewhat surprised the young lady, he took up and kissed each child in turn, and then drew from his capacious pocket* a wonderful little walkiug doll for Eilft, and and a bewildering Noah's Ark for Luke. Then Net had to use all ber influence over the delighted babies to persuade them to lay aside their entrancing treasures until after dinder. Later, when the whole party adjourned to the drawing-room, the wonders of ttie walking doll aud of Noah's Ark were Displayed and discussed by the children, and, of neoessity, by the grown people, to the exclusion of all other topics of conversation ; and when the hour of the babies' bed-time had come and gone, Netcouid only prevail upon them to go with her to tbe nursery on condition that she should take the doll and the ark to bed with them. Dr. Starr was very tired with bis long railway ride, and eoon excused liioaself of Mies Deloraina, and went to his room. When Net reached the nureery with the children, she found, to her surprise, the wax candles lighted on each* side of the dressing glass, and ber Missing Link standing before it in an attitude of self-Borutiny. 'What are you doing there, Kit?' de manded Net. ' Looking at meself, to be sure. MistreBB Net, wull yo tell me true — be Oi hendsum or no?:I ' I really don't! know, Kit, whether you are handsome or otherwisf,' replied Net, coldly. ' No more do 0; 1 Oi thenk as my red haVs agin my lokes.' ' Yoar hair is well enough, Kit. You should not think eo much about your looks.' ' Mistress Net, did yo iver hear o' tb' Laird o' Burleigh ?' inquired Kit ' Wuom ?' 'The Laird o' Burleigh. Him wot wedded a poor willage laes and med he a leddy?' ' I have heard of that circumstance, Kit, but—' '?It was true, then, Mistress Net? Tbe laird did marry tha lass and met her Leddy o' Bnrieigu ? ' ' YeB, but it was not well done, Kit. The lass died of a broken heart.' ' Ou, ay I So Oi heerd, bnt that was because she had na the sperrit to sport her rank. It wunnot brek moi heart to be med a leddy!' said tbe Missing Link, setting her arms akimbo, turning around with her baok to the glass and surveying herself over her shonlder. 'Oh, you poor, half- witted creature! What can I do for you? Kit, who put this ridiculous etuS into your poor head?' de manded her mistress. Kit did not answer, bat turned slowly around before the glass. ' Who told you the story of the Lord of Burleigh ?' inquired Net, patting her ques tion in another form and in gentler tones. ' Him — down there ! He doant despoise me loikt) some fowks do 1' ' Do you mean Mr. Brandon Coyle?' 'Yes, him.' ' Kit ! Oh, Kit ! Don't listen to him ! How many times — nave you Been him — like that in the church-yard ?' ' Hoo kin Oi tell, Mistress Net ? Oi seen him noo and agon, as he cooms through for a rbort-cut fsem bis fishin1. Oi dnnnot know how many toime he hev stopped to pass the toime o' the day to me. it's no a menny gintiefowk vo'd see doin' thet I But, oh, he's foire!' ' How long has this been going on, Kit ?' ' On, ivar sin' we first seen aiche ither —thet toime him and his BiBter tuk tay here.' ' He bas been in London. When did — ' ' Oa, Oi'm no maning while him wur in Lunnun ; I niver seen him thin,' interrupted Kit. ' When did he get back, I was abont to eka you ?' ' Ou, aboat a week ein', O'im thenkin'.' ' Kit, yon mast not talk to this man, nor let him ta!k to jon. He means you no good, poor girl ! He will only bring you to Bin and misery.' ' Nay, he willna ! I'll no brek my heart if he meke a leddy o' ma ioike yon fool lass o' Burleigu!' eaid Kit, with a toss of her hand some head. ' He will not make a lady of you, Kit, whatever he may say. Kit, do you remember poor M-p Doyr.e, the eailmaker'e daughter, in Miston?' inquired little 'mammam, as the tears rushed to her eyes. ' On, ay ! the wenoh wot run off wi' a foioe gentleman to Lnnnnn, and went to the doge ? I moind her ! But yo're no avening me. an honest gurrul Ioike me, down to the Ioike o' she !'* retorted the Missing Link, with deep disdain. ' No, Kit ; but Meg was once as honest as you are before she listened to a fine gentle man's flatteries.' ' And yo'li no be avening Mr. Brandon Corle to the grend vilyum wot desaived Meg* Doyne ?' exclaimed Kit, indignantly. ' Yes, I think that he is just such another or he wonld not be trying to mislead a poor girl like you. You must not meet this Bran don Coyle any more. It is as much as your good name ia worth to do it — yee, it mry I prove the cost of your soul to meet him ! But if he should force his company upon you I take this warning ; Never let him persuade I you to go off anywhere with him under pro mise of marriage. Do not go anywhere with him until you are married, and married by -our own rector, too, that you and your p.»ple muy know tbat it is right. If he means honestly by you, Bat— which I am he does not — he will consent to do this. If he means dishonesty by you which I am sure he does — he will refuse, and by this test you may judge him.' * j* p. All Kit's defiant spirit broke down, and she put her apron up to her eyes and began to cry. ' Don't fret ! I am not angry with you, poor girl, but I am very sorry for you, and very anxious about you. I shall have to speak to the rector.' ' Oo, Mistress Net, dunnot tell the maister on me ! Dunnot !' pleaded the girl, in a terrible fright. ' Then you must promise me, solemnly promise me, never to meet or speak to that man again,' said Net. ' Oi'll promise you to hev. naething to say to him, and naethinjr. to do with him. Mist ress Net, an' yo wunnot tell the maister,' sobbed the girL ' Yery well ; that is right, Kit. On that condition I will not tell him. Now, dry your eyes and help me put the children to bed.' The babies, temporarily 'forgotten ih the interest of Kit's affairs, were on the floor with all the menagerie of Noah's Ark, paraded, and the walking doll gliding around it. They left their play at the call of little tnammam's tender voice, and consented to be put to bed ou the already stipulated terms —that Noah's Ark ahd the doll should be put to bed with them. An hour after this all was quiet in the rectory. Net was lying awake wondering what her father's news eould L«), and wondering how he would reofive hers. Kit, in her cot over the kitchen, was cry ing h erf elf to sleep over the ' hairdbarrted ness' of mistresses in general, and Mietreee Net, of Miston Beetory, in particular. CHAPTER XXIII. THE FATHER'S JUDGEMENT. I pity most of ali when I do justice, For then [ pity those I do not nnow ; Which a -1isiuis*ed offence woulu often gall, Aud do him right, that answering one foul wrong, Can ne'er commit another. — Shakbepbakb. The ntzt day was the Sabbath, when breakfast was always served plainly, to relieve the servants of the rectory of all all unnecessary work, and at an early hour, to enable the rector and his daughter to attend the Sanday-sohool, where he superintended the exercises, and his daughter taught a class of village children. After breakfast there were still about twenty minutes to spare before goins to the Sunday-school. Tbe minister went into his study to gather up his notes. Net followed him, thinking that cow was about as inconvenient a time as could be imagined for delivering Adrian Fleming's spirit-troubling letter, as it wonld certainly di8treps ber father, snd might unfit him for his dutiPB in the Sabbath-school and in the pulpit, but feeling that she could no Ioneer in common honesty retain the letter. She must do right, whatever might come of it. She went and took tbe fateful epistle from between the leaves of tbe book in which ehe had bidden it, and turning very pale, and trembliDg very much, the handed it to her i alter, saying : ' Here is a letter that Adrian left for you.' ' Oh ! Ah ! An explanation of his sudden departure, I suppose. Quite proper, though quite unnecessary. Good boy! Good boy! Bat the letter can wait until Monday, my dear. Put it down with the rest, Net,' eaid tbe rector, who was busy loooking over tbe notes for his lecture to the Sunday-school children. Net laid the letter with the half-dozen others that were still unopened on the study table. 'And by the way, Net,' continued the rector, ' I thi-.k that other business had better refet until to-morrow. It is entirely too worldly and secular to be entered upon to-day. I do not know how I oame to forget for the moment that it was Saturday night when I promised to tell you the news I brought for you. So I must afk you to release me from my promise, dear, and to wait until to-morrow.' ' I will, of couiee, father, dear,' replied the girl, wbo, though full of curiosity to hear the news the reotor had to tell, was glad to be reprieved for a time from the penalty of having to communicate here. Sbe left the study and went upst irs to put on her bonnet. | A few minutes later tbe father and daughter walked side by side to the Sabbath school, which was held in the gallery of the church. The Sabbath day passed, as usual, very quietly at the rectory, varied by the morning and afternoon services at the church. Only one event occurred to disturb Net. £_ie saw Brandon Coyle about tbe same hour in the afternoon at which he had appeared on Saturday, loitering in the churchyard, wbere he had no lawful business, and Bhe knew that he had come there to meet Kit, either by an expressed or an implied appoint ment. She watched Kit with a mother's anxious, unselfish vigilance; but the girl never left tbe house, though ebe went about all the rest of the afternoon and even ng with red eyes. The next morning, immediately after break fast, Dr. Starr arose and said : ' Cotne, Net, I am ^cing into my den to attend to my corresp jnduncs ; bat I want a few words with you firet, my dear.' Net arose, and trembling from head to foot, followed her step-father into his study. Tbe old gentleman locked the door, and tben bade his daughter take the cbair oppo site to himself at the narrow library table, so they ceuld talk across it conveniently while be explained. Net obeyed, etill trembling. ' Do not look so frightened, my ohild. It is really nothing alarming to you that I have to tell,' said the doctor. N«t was not alarmed about the news ehe was to hear, but the news that she would be compelled to communicate, or rather to corroborate. ' Net,'1 pursued the rector, €II discovered tbat it was not for the purpose of being con sulted as to the re-investtneut of Miss Doloraine's money alone that I was called up to London by ber lawyers, but to be told u piece of news that startled me more than anything I ever heard in my life.' The reotor paused, as if expecting his hearer to make some comment, but as ehe continued silent and attentive, he went on : ' You will be startled to, my dear, when I tell you they told me they had discovered that Antoinette, the daughter of Alfred Deloraine, is not tbe lawful heiress of Dtloraine Park, but that you, the daughter of Anbur Dtloraine, are tbe legal heiress.' Net gazed at the speaker in mute amaze ment for a moment, and then said quietly : ' But tbat cannot be bo, father, because Uncle Alfred Deloraine was certainly the elder brother.' ' Yes, my dear, but he died without lawful heirs.' ' Ob, father, how could that be P Uncle Alfred was married to Miss de Spensiere, tbe mother of Antoinette, and you were at the wedding! I Lave hiard you describe the grand iestivities at Guile de Spensiere and at Deloraine Park. ' Yet:, my dear, bat tnat marriage was not I lawful—' 'But why? Everybody thought it was lawful 1' ! ' Yes, because everybody did not know — in . fact, nobody knew that he had a wife living I at the time !' 1 ?? Could my Uncle Alfred have committed such ? orime M (hat !' exclaimed Net, in ' It was no crime, but a great misfortune. He did not know that his first wile was living. He supposed her to have been dead for years !' ',0b, how could that have been ?' 'Net, it is a aad atoiy. I ,wUh I were not obliged to tell it to you, my de**, bat this ia it in brief: Your Unole Al'red, when he was barely twenty-one yeara old, waa entrapped by a beautilul, bad woman of about his own age, and of very low rank, whom Le married secretly and supported off tbe liberal allow ance made him by his father. Thia woman permitted the marriage to remain a secret, because ebe knew il it were divulged his indignant father wonld atop that allowance. Bat at length this — this reproach to her sex grew weary of her yonng husband and his moderate means— for the income tbat waa ample enough for a bachelor was aoaroely suffioient to support a very oxtravaga&t; wife —and ahe left him and went to Paris, (hat* to lead a life af criminal splendour.' Nei's head drooped upon her bosom, in simple sense of self-humiliation in another woman's fall. ' Yes, it was shocking, my dear. Alfred did not sue for a divoroe, for to have done tbat would have exposed his disreputable marriage, and his subsequent dishonour. He bore it all in silence, until one day he reofeived a picket from Paris, with a report of the woman's decease of fever, the doc tor's certificate of death, and the under taker's certificate of interment. ' She died, then, at laet?' breathed Net. ' No more than you or I did ! It was her maid who died, and was buried under her mistress's name, and by ber mistress's con trivance. The guilty woman survived, and lived under another name. All tbe world baa heard of Madame la Seine du Monde, for tbat wae the arrogant nom de guerre assumed by the woman.' ' And Unole Alfred, believing himself to be free, married Miss de SpenBiere? Ob, what a tremendous misfortune.' ' Yes, my dear, being under the strongest conviction tbat his disreputable wife was dead, he bnried her memory in oblivion, and some time after married Agumede Spensiere. Antoinette, their daughter, is the only child of that union.' ' And the heiress of Deloraine Park?' ' By right, but aot by law ! You are the heiress by law.' Net's bead - dropped lower then ever under the shame of her new honours— be. oauae tb6y were to be honours that must only come through the down-fall and dis grace of the innocent victim of other peoplu'e crimes. ' How was this discovered, after all these years, father?' ebe inquired in a low tone of. ? mortification. ' By the recant death of Madame la Reiuee Why, don't you know that the papers hav.e been full of descriptions of the barbari - splendour and nsguifioenoe of her house thrown open to tha world during the thre days of the sale of her effects ? It was in to reading of her will, in whioh, having n* children, ehe bequeathed all her property t her nieces and nephew, that her real ntm and tank was discovered to be Mrs. Ann Deloraine, widow of the late Alfred Deloraine of Deloraine Park, Devonshire, England.' ' Other letters and papers in her posses sion proved beyond all doubt her right to the name and rank sae claimed as her own in her will. Tuexe was even a correspondence between herself and her guilty protector,- re vealing the tricks by whicn ehe passed off her ill and delirious maid upon the doctors as Annie Deloraine, and so obtained the false ceitifioate of death and burial.' ' But why should ehe have done this ?' inquired Net, in an almost inaudible voice. ' To deceive h«r husband and secure her own safety, and lastly, to give herself more freedom. She was afraid of the pursuit aud vengeance of Alfred Deloraine.' ' Bat might she not also have feared that he would discover tbe trick?' '' No ; for Alfred Ddioraine never went into the world of which she btcume a pan. He hud some of the follies, but none of the vices of youth.' ' All this beoatne known in Paris through this woman's death ; bat how did it beoume, kuown in London? How to the Messrs Fiint ? 'Through Anne Deloraine's legatees, who, being sharp, low-born London people, suddenly made rich by the de-tth of an aunt of whom they had previously known little or nothing, and hearing that she was the widow of the late Alfred Deloraine, of Deloiaine Park, immediately began, through their law.v?rs, to look up Deloraine Park and the Pjioraiue family. Thus tue Browns and Johnsons got tbe secret thai the present heiress in poseesBion was not tbe legal heiress of D-jloraine Park, and — offered to sell their silence for a considera tion to the Messrs. Flint. These gentlemen repudiated their overtures, and threatened them with prosecution for an attempt at blackmailing; but, at the same time, thought the case was grave enough to warrant them in writing to me to come to London, for the ostensible parpose of con sulting ahout the re-investment of Certain moneys, but really to talk over this serious affair, which could not be trusted either to tbe mail or to an agent. I went, is you know, and in examining, the evidence with the MesBre. FliDt, becime convinced that the daughter of Alfred Deloraine, elder son though he was, had no legal claim to Delo raine Park, or even to toe name of Delo raine. ' But oh, my dear father, if not a legal, surely ehe has a just claim to both!' '♦A jsist, though not a legal claim P Perhaps sbe has, but have not you yourself even more? have you not both zjiftand Ifffnl claim F1' ' I cannot see that I have, dear father,' replied K'^t. *' I wish there was some way of com promising this trouble by dividing thd estate between you and Antoinette. That would really bo just to botn ; and each would, have enough.. But the attorneys tell me that) there it* an entail that obliges the estate to descend intact to the heir, male or female.' ' There could be no division, dear father, for other reasons than the entail,' replied Net. ' Wei!, perhaps there may be, but the point now immediately to be settled u his : that you being a minor and I your guardian, ought I not, in your name, forth with to enter suit for the recovery of Deloraine Park?' Quiet Net was not impulsive, never 'gushing,' but on hearing this her dark eyes dilated with surprise and fear, and rising suddenly, she came to the.table and seated herself ou a hassock at her father's feet and clasping his hand, said : 'Ou, no, no, no, dear father, «?o nothing of that eort ! Think of tbe humiliation — nut only the lose of property — that is a compara tive trifle— but tue Lumiiution it would bring upon Antoinette — innootnr, ol suspect- ing Antoinette— and the unmerited duuonuur it would oast npon the memory at her honourable parents I And all, only to make me ticb, who covet no richeB, wbo ftar robes for myself as mach as I fear un merited degradation fur Antoinette. Ou, no father 1 bring no auit in my name, uuloss I you wonld make me wretchedly unhappy ?' pleaded Net, clinging to tbe old intin'* withered hand, and at the clo»e of her wutdi I kissing il. *2 1 * I (To U wnMnuedJ «*^ 