PREACHERS' CORNER. MEANS FOE PRESERVING AND STRENGTHENING PER- SONAL PIKTV IN THE MINISTRY. BY DR. JOHN HAUL. I mention, 1, The devotional study of the Scriptures. You will have to study for a variety of purposes the holy Word of God, but here I urge upon you the reading and study of that Word in your private devotions. If yonr heart is cold, tarn to the Bible, and let God speak to you. In so doing, you will build up yonr own personal piety. 2\. Fitting books.—I mean uninspired and yet devotional books. The "goody" books, full of sweet exhortations to be good, have almost nothing for you. The solid books which give reasons for being good, yon should read, 8\. Purely devotional terctsea.—-In all your work have communion with God; and in yonr own way. Take the sermon before God. Sometimes the dazzling will disappear after a 'prayer. Carry everything into the light 1 Make it your habit to be devotional. ii Close dealing with tht people of your charge.—Y are more than intellectual teachers: you are preachers bringing truth to the thought, affection, and conscience of men. There are men and women who climb the church steps, and perhaps into the gallery, Zaccheuslike, to see what we are. To these we must say," Come down, for to-day I must dine at thy house." I urge you to come close to such people that you may Adapt truth to their needs. This will remind you of what you must be, and will break yonr pride. 5\. Close, intimate; and confidential association with few brethren in the ministry.—In this there should be great frankness and sympathy. 6\. Let me say that one of the greatest helps in resisting your peculiar temptations will be a Christian wife. Such a oue shares your life, sympathising with you in all your work. Your future, my young brethren, depends greatly on this choice. If the wife be truly good, she will lift you up; if not, she will drag you down. 7\. Separation from many things enjoyed by others.— Be so busy that you wili never have neither time nor taste for them. There is work full of eternal moment to be done. The people recognise the propriety and the necessity of this position. Now I would add that in all your present work, as well us your future, I have great sympathy. I know how you feel, for I have been over the ground. I do urge upon you prayerful diligence as to your own personal piety. When the physician gives the prescription, it is efficacious irrespective of his character, but this principle does not apply in the case of the minister. Personal character must be projected into all his work, and must tell. You cannot help your personal character from influencing your work. Have'a heart of iron toward self; a heart of flesh, full of'gentleness, patience, and love toward men; and a heart of fire toward God. It is my prayer that it may be said of you as it was of Barnabas, that noble associate of Paul—"For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith ; and much people was added unto the Lord." 