®Wat Jirfdlirjntco. Fifteen policemen have toserTshoT yeafs323 m Wales dm-rag: the last 16 It is estimated that 25,000 tons of sugar will- be manufactured in Australia this vear Chinese labour is . largely employed on the Kivema stations.. Large numbers of the heath ens have recently been imported from Victoria by the run-holders. Mr. Fawcett, who contested the last election, will probably come forward as a candidate for the vacancy in the representation of the Ba r®j1Ce' caused by the resignation of Mr. A rumour has been circulated that the Kelly gang have- reached California. It is stated that they stopped a couple of days with Frank Gar- J5r' proceeded, to the interior. Mil Gladstone has made a speech in the House of Commons in support of a resolution by Professor Faucett, affirming that it is unjust to throw upon India the expense of the Afghan- war. Smyth esdale, Victoria,, ia suffering from a plague of rabbits. All the grass has been de voured, the gardens have been, ravaged, and the bark of fruit trees is being eaten off by these de- Btructive pests.. A Chicago- newspaper says,." A brick fell from a scaffold in Dearborn-street yesterday, and crashed through a bridge underneath. What Colonel Jones has the Doctor for this morning is because it was the bridge of his nose." Th-e- following singular apology appears in a liate issue of the Manning River Times :— " I am sincerely sorry for bringing my wife before the lbfit count beLd at Taree, and beg to apologise foe same,, and: hope it will be received in the " spirit in which it is given." A -strange story reaches the Bendigo Indepen dent from the Sheepwash. A few evenings since four wood-carters were returning from Sand hurst to- thein homes at. the Sheepwash. The night was clear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached the Junction Hotel they turned off on a bush track, and tra velled along for a short distance. Suddenly they saw approaching them the figure of a head-; Ifess female draped in white, and gliding along appare"4ly without any exertion. Each wood- carter was riding in his own dray. They gazed With fascinated horror on the spectacle,, none of them, able to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair is that the men say that directly fib passed one waggon it became invisible to- those- sitting in the other cart. Thus it ap peared to each wood-carter, one after the other. Although dressed in white,. there appeared to be a yellowish hue surrounding the figure. For four nights in. succession the ghost (or whatever it was) was- seen, and the wood-carters became at last so. afraid fchab when they are now going home with the empty drays they all" ride to gether: Had the story been related to us by one person only, few people would place any credence in it, but when half-a-dozen men em phatically relate the same story,, it becomes- mystifying. A party of young men have, how ever, arranged to " pot"' the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a. charge of shot?. A gang of Indians has just finished the work of shearing 27,000 sheep on the Alamitos and. Cerritos ranches, California, for which they re ceived the aggregate sum of ll-OOOdols. A new hay-press has been patented in France- and England, which delivers the bales in the form of a solid uniform cylinder about two feet in diameter,, which may be rolled along- by one- man.. Tremendous fortunes ar,e being made-i-n the Colorado silver mines. According to the San Francisco papers a hard-up grocer l&months; ago is now worth 5000, OQOdols ; a- cashier, starving- twelve months- since,, is now worth 60,000dols. Professor Muntz; of' the- Agronomical' liistfi- bute.has- discovered, a. sacoharine- matter re sembling cane sugar in the unripe grain of rye, .but that, in proportion as- the grain becomes matured, the sugar changes into staroh,.so that from being 50-per. oent.,.ifr decreases to- 8- per cent1.. Professor Ay town in an address- to the work ing men of Sheffi'eld recently, contends trial? economy may. be attained by. the nse of a very large steam engine to drive a. number of small electrical machines, as compared with the use of a- number of separate steam engines.. At the St. Rollox Chemical Works,, in. Glas gow, over 2000 tons- of sulphur are annually re covered from. alkali waste. A block of sulphur crystal'over two and'a half feet high, obtained from this source, .was exhibited- at. the Paris Ex hibition. An iron Abating- dock is-being- constructed1 afc Dantzig, of which the total weight will be 5,000,000 kilogrammes. It will hold the largest vessels-- of the German Navy, and is to be com pleted in the course of next yean As a variation in the somewhat monotunouB- eharacterof bush races-we (jthe&f.; George Stand ard) republish from a contemporary the follow ing description of the innovations which have obtnined.favour in India; and the adoption of which would certainly add to the fun on many an Australian course : — '' Race riding in India is, or at anyrate was, by no means confined to the simplicity of the English sport. Variations- in the usuahstyle used to be common, and among the most popular were the "Cocked-hat race" and the " Cheroot Race." In the former the riders were got up in as nean an approach to jpekey fashion. as circumstances-permittedj.withi the exception of a cocked hat of large dimen sions, which was not to be fastened on.- in any way. With long red and white feathers stream ing behind them, then the field galloped off, and it frequently happeneddhat the first few strides disposed of a good many hats. The only thing to be done then was- to dismount and pick up the missing gear or to retire;- for. the winner- was not allowed the stakes unless he finished with his hat on. The ' Cheroot Stakes' was con tested, by riders who started with a cigar in full light; and were-out of it if they, did not finish smoking. These races were generally run in two mile heats, and the quantity of smoke swal lowed. by the inexperienced was more than enough to. make them, very uncomfortable in deed, so that the fields had usually diminished considerably before the final heat. Another?- variety, of race is ridden on- ponies in. couples. Men choose their partners, and start side by side, each of the couples having in his hand; not his own reins, but those of the other, ponv. This forms a complication easy enough to understand in.cold blood, but difficult to remember in the axcitement'Of a race. If your pony sheers- tG the off side, .for instance, you in all probability will instinctively pull the near rein this ol course, will send the other pony to the nearside, and increase the distance between the two;: so that to the inexperienced the chancesof having a fa'l or being obliged to drop, the other pony's reins and clutch your own are about equal." The Afghans have succeeded in recapturing Ghnrikar, and it-It is- feared that a fresh eairv.- paign will have to-be undertaken by the British troops. The aboriginal bushranger, .known as Camp bell, lias been captured by Sergeant King and some black trackers in the Tewnrtin scrub, .and was found to have a gun in liis possession. A.baby prodigy, aged 2. years and 8 -months, -Has been discovered at Toowoomba, who can play, several airs on the pianoforte. The young ster commenced to play, before she was 2/ vears aldj. A. lawyer ;once asked the late Judge Rrckens, of. Alabama, to charge the jury that "it-.is better that ninety and nine guilty men- should escape than that one innocent man should be punished." ,uVes," said the witty, judge, " I will give that charge, .bub in the opinion of the court the ninety and nine guilty, men. have already escaped in tBiss country T Fagan, a publican of Carcoar, has purchased 10,000 bushels of wheat in anticipation of a speedy rise. In. Victoria 2,609,278 acres of land are under cultivation-. The yearly produce of wool is 17,969,9701 bs valued at £1,479,520. , South Africa reports the finding of a wonder fully beautiful diamond, weighing 30£ carats, which is of such perfect " water," that when placed, still uncut, among a number of what would be called " first-class whites," its purrty of colour is so conspicuons as to make the others resemble ordinary "off-colour" stones. The diamond was found at the river workings and its owner had refused £1,200 for it. The Queen has just placed in Her Majesty's pew in Whippingham Church a mural monu ment to the memory of her beloved daughter Princess Alice, Grand Duchess of Hesse. This work executed by Mr, Frank Theed in white marble,, consists of a medallion of Her Royal- Highness- surrounded by a chaplet of flowers supported by two angels, with the following in scription — " To the dear memory of Alice Maud Mary, Princess of Great Britain and Ireland,. Grand Duchess of Hesse, who- departed this life in her thirty-sixth year,, on the anniversary of her beloved- father's death,. December 14, 1878\. L Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God..' — St. Matthew v. & This monu ment is placed by her sorrowing mother, Queen Victoria. 1879t," At the last meeting of the Liverpool Engi neering Society a paper was read touching the probable exhaustion of coal, in which the author advocated the substitution of the- tides as a producer of motion wliieh would outrival all other sources of mechanical power. A cor respondent .of the Builder , too, is of the same opinion. A cbmpressed air chamber,, filled1 by the tide at Brighton, for instance, would1, lie is confident, jTun an atmospheric railway, such as Brunei invented, from "that place to London. If the tides could 'thus be utilised on all our railways and factories, all. the- work now dene by the- steam- engine coultl be performed by tb<un. There would, moreover, be no jierk, no steam, no smoke, ho noise. Apart from the fact that the present generator of steam will in time cost more to produce than it is worth, coal has so many disadvantages that no one will regret to see the time when it will be sup- 1 planted by another agent. What tlrisis-to-be is the question of the future. Meanwhile it may be assumed that the age of steam has reached its zenith, and. that another age is down ing. — Globe. Harry GillertGratton, aged fourteen, for whom a large property is awaiting in England, after several years' search, was lately found in a tramps' lodging house In America. He was kidnapped by D'ltalie and Angelo, French" Asth>- > letes, known as " the strongest people" in Lon don, in 1869. At five he was brought to the State and subjected to the most excruciating Buffering by D'ltalie in preparing him. for gymnastics. The boy c laims that, by hanging by his teeth by a strap held by his master of the trapeze, he had his head almost twisted from his body by being, twirled in the air. When objecting to this- lie was subjected to the grossest cruelty: He fs the youngster who stood on a cannon.-carried on the shoulders of a woman who- travelled, with Barnuin's Hippo drome. Finally owing to. D'ltalie's brutality,, the boy ran away and" the past fewyears has been warking at odd j'obs-in Virginia, Washing ton, .Baltimore, Philadelphia, and Boston. Search : for him has been made incessantly by the British Consul General at New York, to whom he has at last been handed over: The European Mail, of January l'6'.says : — Many of our readers in New Zealand will ho 'e a kindly recollection of young Alexanders Campbell, of Auchenloek, a cousin of the Duke" of Argyll. His record, of fighting was-tremend- ous. He had stormed New Zbal'andi pahs "as a volunteer ; had led the Turkish attack on Fort St. Nicholas, in the Sliipka, also as-a volunteer ; was known: by all who had his- acquaintance as- the bravest? fellow out,.and' as he was once in want of adventure,. the- war in Zhluland took him. to- South- Africa. He- went with a light heart? and a determination, as- lie said, to ." see some fun." The attack on Secocoeni's strong hold found him- once more as a volunteer lead ing a; forlorn hope — the Swanzi soldiers. In the tbickof the fight he distinguished himself, charging in among the Kaffirs till he had " seen all the fun," and alas was no more: His body, too, has not been- recovered.. He was "only a volunteer," and it seem6 that the "staff"' did not think it worth while to look after the re mainsof a. man whose bravery was unmatched, even, though he was not one of the etat major. Yet, though his body be allowed to decompose in Secocoeni's kraal, his memory will be-oher- ished»by many as that of a fine fellow and a good honest man Another brave fellow who was killed at the storming of Secocoeni's-rooun- ' tain was Captain Macaulay, commanding the Transvaal Maunted Rifles, who was well known in Australia,. where he had. lived for some years and was much, respected.. He was singularly cool and daring in fight, .and no body of irregu lar troops were ever kept better in hand than his motley corps of half-breeds. His death is ; a striking illustration of the perversity of fate. Leaving the Queen's service and retiring to a colony to- make his fortune, he has after all fallen like a- soldier, . "-with his face to the foe." Constable. Seroule, of the Sydney police force while in the execution of his duty, is-evi- dently no respecter of persons (says the Telegraph) for on Tuesday last be produced a well-known squatter at the Central Police Gourton a charge of being drunk and disorderly in King-streeeti The accused' was-aJCP., and after pleading guilty, received a lecture from his brother- magistrates with becoming gravity, and paid 20s: to avoid the unpleasant alternative- of seven days '"hard labour. Miss- Millie: Christine is, wc are told, a "coloured lady, born of negro parents. She has two heads, four, arms, four legs, and as to her .body,, this- is twain from the waist upwards. The " two-headed nightingale," as the coloured lady is called, is a very pleasant and'is-also ,a welLeducated person, speaking English, Ger- man; and Srench fluently, also a-JlttlE Spanish. She speaks the- different languages with her double mouths at the same- time. As she sits ! down she presents the appearance: of two girls squeezing, into one chair,; In walking or danc ing the two legs- move- at precisely the same moment,, though the heads and arms are per fectly independent the mental faculties also are- perfectly, independent of each other. She has-two- beautiful voices, singing duets charm ingly.. When warbling a solo, .the voice and 'respiration is one. The nightingalfe saya- there is never the slightest difference of opinion be tween herself and her. double they aeree in .. all things,, are- hungry and thirsty at the same -time, eat the same things, and dividfe every thing, u even to -a? pea-nut." W-hen alone, they converse on all kinds of topics, -rarely having a different, thought,, except? occasionally being puzzled as Jo the faces-they have seen. Miss Millie dresses in very pretty robes, with square- cut- corsage, demi-8leeves,. white kid gloves, and diamond jewellery the- heads- are precisely similar in coiffure, and the adorning flowers exact to a leaf.. This-wonder is being.-exlubited in California.. The Rev. Father Hbnneberry is causing some excitement at Bath u ret by his-powerful.advo- .cacy of temperance. He is-at presant oonduet- ring-amissibn- at the Catholic Church... Sunday -morning- and evening he preachedJo crowded congregations, and he got; the people to that pitch of enthusiasm that' when he asked them, to take the pledge at- once nearly every person in the building- rose en masse and took the ob ligation. It is# estimated that several hundred persona#, have taken the pledge; The- rev. gentleman is- a most impassioned' speaker;. and -.his powers of persuasion are said to -be wonder- 'ful. The mission service will -be continued all the week, and on Sunday aprocession of the "converts will march-througli .the town.. An American named Professor Wingate claimed to be the inventor of an apparatus with which he could destroy a vessel at a distance of five miles.- This would, he.: reasonably said, put a stop- to all naval warfare, since anybody in possession of his secret could shatter a hostile fleet without getting within range of its guns. He gave a public exhibition at New Orleans two years ago in the presence of many scientific men. The hulk of a schooner was operated upon. The professor approached within about a. mile of it in a small boat, and' then it was blown to- atoms. As to the nature of this awful force, he would only- say that it "was electricity, applied without any direct connection between the- rnaehine and the object to be destroyed. He turned up at Boston last summer, formed a stock company, and got I800dols. for a prelimi nary experiment. A little steamer was obtained and in a dark house on its deck, with careful privacy Wingate arranged a great amount of apparatus. On the day appointed for the test, a few weeks ago, an old vessel was towed to a safe point in the bay, and the steamer was sta tioned a mile away. Suddenly there was an explosion at a considerable distance from either craft, and afterwards the wreck of a rowboat, with two mangled human bodies, was found at the- spot. Wingate,. greatly agitated, said that his experiment could not be carried out that day. The newspapers conld not at the time ascertain the facts. Now .the Boston Herald, gives an explanation based on a confession by Wingate to one of the: stockholders. The trick used at New Orleans, and to be "repeated'in Boston, was to- explode a large dynamite torpedo under the vessel by means of .a rope running to the pretended electric,appavatus. The two men were on their way to "place the torpedo when an accidental explosion occurred. The : munificence of the Duke of Norfolk as a Catholic is wonderful. It!is?calcivl%vted' tliat -witliin ' the past ten years; he has applied' oyer £200;000-to his religion. .... The Russian Arctic Expedition cost only 78,060 dols., and it discovered a new kiud'of moss and saw a sorrel-coloured fok. . Who? says that science does not pay 7 An. eccentric- Nottingham man known as -Ned ' Dawson- was strong in his Toryism as in his eccen tricity. He caused his coffin to be made during his lifetime, and painted, true blue (the: Tory colours-.)- He used it as a cupboard for twenty years. But once caeh year, on the anniversary of his birthday, he brought it into requisition in a still more singular manner. He dressed in his best ( elbthes, and' lay clow.n in his coffin to see that it was all right, then emerging, the coffin was filled with goodly viands, and carried on the- shoulders of his associate, he IlimselS' following as chief- mourner with a large pitcher of ale in his hand. . And so the procession made a touE-of some of the i rooms and passages of his house — ending, as may be readily guessed, in a repast, - partaking of the nature of a ' jollificatiou." — Chambers' Journal. An aged millionaire has played! a sad trick upon his heirs and" relatives. He invited them all to gather round' his dyiug bed, and when they were > assembled there, sprung a notary and a whole stock ' of legal foolscap, upon them, and made them, all , take affidavits that he was perfectly sane and clear headed and so on — and then died. When the heirs ; came to rummage ib his- desk they found a will J dated! in 1S75, bequeathing most of hisproperty to an idiot asylum. Furious at this deceit, they one : and all began an action to have the will broken- on ; the ground of insanity, all swearing that; although ; he was quite sane on the day of his death, he was madder 'an a whole litter-oft" March: hares iu 1875. . Executor smiled a grim smile, and'produced a later will, made- and signed about! half an- hour before the heirs: gathered! round' liis- dying- bed; precisely to the same effect as the first one.. This sad' event; has cast a gloom, over.- the- community..— London ; paper; 