A DEADLY FEUD. I A TALE FROM FRANCE. A5 tio M. Isidore Tiesn, Professor of History at the University of MontpeUier, had Btul one great passion and one dear friend. He was a collector of rare hooks, and loved to be called a bibliophile. His friend's name was Colonel Casimir Coste. M. Tisaon had ! a widower thirty years,, His two d&ngbters-who;, after their mother's death, had been educated by an old annt of a very religions tarn of mind-were both married. Qno of them was settled at Nimes, the other at Lanel. They were highly proper and highly respected ladies, who punctually per formed aJI their duties withont a mnrmnr and without any pleasure. They paid their father frequent but short and formal visits, I and never stopped a.night in ifontpellier, so that they in no way interfered with the quiet routine of the Professor'* life. j Colonel Costa was a bachelor. Isidore Tisson and Casimir Coste, whose parents had been next-door neighbours, had began to play together when they were only five years old. They had been to the same Bchool. and had parted for the first time when they were seventeen. Tisson then went to the University of Toulouse, while Coste was sent to the Military College of St. Cyr. They did not meet again for forty years, and by that time they had com pletely forgotten each other. During this long interval M. Tisson had published several learned worts, and had obtained the chair of Profeasor of History in hia native town. Coste had fought the Bedouins in Algeria, and the Russians at Sebastopol, and had been obliged to retire from active service in consequence of a severe wound received afc the storming of Fort Malakoff. He was a Lieutenant-Colonel and an offioer of the Legion of Honour. On leaving the hospital, the lonely, weary man returned to his native town, which he had not visited since the days vf his youth. But he had often felt a strange longing te spend there in quiet the evening of his restless life, and now he hoped to do so. He found Moutpellier but little altered during the Ion^ years of hia absence, and soon recognised in one of its narrow streets the very house in -which his parents had lived, and where he was born. It so chanced thai a small apartment was to let there. He hired it, furnished it simply, and established himself there "at once. Behind the house was a large garden; and the Colonel, as a favoured tenant, obtained permission of the landlord to walk in it whm he chose. One evening in September, as Coste was passing up and down the gravel walk in the garden,, smoking his short pipe and thinking of Airica, the Crimea, and friends that were dead or lost, he heard himself called in a fashion that startled him ^ " Casimir ! Casimir !" ' For nearly forty years no one had called him bytbatname. His superiors and his soldiers during that time had addrsssed him successively as Lieutenant, Captain, Major, and Colonel; hia brother officers as Coste. He had lest hia father and mother many years ago, and bad never had any brothers or sisters. He might well nigh have forgotten that he had a Christian name, and now someone was calling him by it I " Caeimir! Casimir !" He turned round and saw at a window of the first floor of the house next to his own a njiddle-uKod gentlomau, who was smiling uud iiouding to him in. the moat friendly manner. For a momon; the Culou&l; re gained motionless. Then with an oata, 1 wbioh was his habit to utter whenever ho wanted to express joy, anger, astonishment, or, in short, uny sudden, emotion, he called oni in rot urn : "Jei(Tore 5 Is it possible ?" A few minutes later tue Professor was in the garden with hiB friend. He told him he had returned that very morning from a trip winch he had taken during the vacation, and h*d only just learned that a Colonel Coste, a native of Alontpellier, had come to live next door. " I at onoe thought it must be yon, and would have called upon you to ascertain if my conjeolure was correot, but I saw yon in the garden and recogniBed yon at once. Ton are not a bit altered." The Colonel npoa this langhed BO loudly that the sparrows in the trees flew away in affright. '« Well," he said, " I think that's just a little exaggeration. When I accom panied you to the diligence that took yon to Toulouse you were a handsome, sletfder lad, with a soft down on jour upper lip and a profusion of dark cnily looks. Now you can boast of a very respeotable circumference, and your dark hair has turned grey. I was then a mere boy, with bright ejea, sound teeth, aotive legs, and a magnificent head of hair which I used to part sometimes on the right, sometimes on the. left side, not being sure which way was most becoming. Now I require spectacles to read, I munch like a rabbit, because I have loat iny baols teeth; I walk lame, beoiuse the Bussians sent a bullet into my right leg, and I have so little hair lelt that the natural parting of it reaches nearly from one ear to another. Frankly, I oannot think I am very much q like the Caeimir you knew." " Still I reeognised you at once. I would have known yon among thousands, and would have said: ' That's my old friend and sohool fellow, Casimir Coste.'" u Well! and did I, I should like to know, hesitate as to your name ?" Then the two old gentlemen shook hands for the twentieth time, and langhed, while their eyes grew moist. Both talked at the Bame time, so that neither understood what the other was saying, until at last they came to regular questioning. " Are you married ?" "No; and yon f" " I have been a widower many years." "Children ?" " Two married daughters." " Here, in Montpeliier ?'1 "No; one at Lanei and one at Nimea. Are yon going to live in Montpellier " 01 couree ; and|yon ?" " I am Professor at the University. But oome; it is getting cold. Pascal, my old housekeeper, shall give us some supper. We will drink a bottle of rare wine and have a good chat together." The Colonel made no objection, and the two friends fat together till a late hour in the Professer's enug drawing-room, telling each other the simple stories of their lives. They met again next day, and the Colonel dined at the Professor's. On taking leave, he invited his old friend to be his guest the next day at the table d'hote, where he was in the regular habit of taking his meals. " I have never kept house," the Colonel Baid, " and I am too old to begin now. Wherever I have been stationed the table d'hote has. been my table. I hope you will dine with me there to-morrow." But M. Tisson objected. '* We dine together," he' said, " because we like one another's company, and not because we want to do a polite thing. I have no fancy for restaurants and hotels. There; are always Btrangers there, and one cannot talk comfortably and freely. Besides, to tell you the truth, Pascal has spoiled me I am accustomed to her cooking, and hotel, fare does not agree with me. Please with draw your invitation. We,do not stand , on ceremony. Dine here again to-morrow | and the day after-every day you cannot do me a greater favour. ' The Colonel consented to dine with his friend the next day. Two weeks went by. The friends spent several hoars together every day, and the bachelor had dined, maybe, a dozen time3 at the widower's house, when one day after dinner-old Pascal having left the room after serving coffee-Coste lit his pipe, cleared hia throat, and made the following speech, for which he had been preparing himself for the last week: . "This is all very fine, Isidore, but things cannot go on in this way." " What do you mean ?" "1 have never lived better in my life taan I do now with you, yet I do not like my board." ""Why not?" " When I was a Lieutenant I used to pay sixty francs a month for my dinner; when I became Captain, it coBt me eighty francs; since I have been a Major, I" have alwayB reserved a hundred and fifty francs for that purpose. I must stick to these old habits to be comfortable; and if you cannot think of some way in which I can spend my money and haveyeur company, I must give up dining with you." 4 . " Excuse me, Coste, but really you are not speaking like a sensible man." "But-I have been thinking that I would be very sorry not to see'your familiar face opposite me at dinner; and, somehow, I fancy that you too would miss me." " You oan take your oath of that." " And therefore I want to make a rational proposal to you." There was a long pause. The Colonel cleared his throat again. " Well, go on," said the Professor, gently. " I see what you are driving at in that clever way; but let me tell you I consider your proposal childish. Tea-be angry if you like-positively childish." " Childish or not, I stick to it. And if you oare as much for me as I do for you, if you are not afraid of having too muoh of me. vou will accept it." The Professor resisted for some time. ' He i tried hard to persuade the Colonel to continue to be his gueat; but the old soldier would not yield, so the ProfeoBor had to pive up. " Ton were very obstinate and self-willed," he said, " whereas I was always the good natured and sensible one of ns two. Let it be aB you wish; henceforward you shall pay for jour board." But this did not settle the question, Corte proposed to pay too much-Tisson asked for too little. At laBt they agreed that Pascal, who for thirty years had been the Professor's housekeeper, should aot as arbitrator. She was what is called in France a maitrease femme, and had a clear, sensible answer ready for any question that might be put to her; eo, after a short conference with her it was settled that M. Tisson would not be a loser if the Colonel contributed 120 francs a ifaonth. Thus, this long discussion came at last to nn end. Prom that day a new "and brighter day began for the two lonely old men, which made them forget their age, and which con tinued without interruption for many yearB. The Profossor had; little to do; the Colonel nothing at all. They spent many hours together every day ; they walked arm in arm up and down the " Peroa " and the " Es planade "-the two principal promenades of Montpellier; they sat together ia the Pro fessor's library; or. they went out together on the " Links," being passionately inter ested in an interminable gaino ot "golf," a pastime which is almost as much in bonour at Montpellier, and at Montpellier alone of all Fienoh towns, as at Si. Andrews in Scot land. Their evenings were spent at the club, where they found their regular whist party. They became daily more and more dependent on . eaoh other, as happens with old people from whom the rest of the world is gradually withdrawing, who love few people, and are loved by fc«,v, and whose interests centres in a narrow oir cle. Very soon they became indispensible to each other. Tisson became nueasy it Coste wag five minutes late for dinner, and the Colonel had every morning a confidential talk with Pasoaline to inquire if the "master" had passed a good night, if his cough had been troublesome, and if he had enjoyed hie breakfast. He was a tegular attendant at the Professor's lectures. His venerable bead, his attentive, earnest, mild countenance, eoon became known to the whole university-. The young students took a liking to the quiet old gentleman, and made room for him res peotfully when he entered the leciure-room. And he geeeted them kindly: " Good morn ing, gentlemen." When the leoture was over, the Colonel liked to have a talk with the Professor-often asking for explanation of some obBcnre point. The Professor would oiler it with a pleasant smile, aad with an air of innocent, gentle pride. Now and then the Colonel would quote some Latin sentence, in order to show that he, too, was not deficient in classical knowledge : " Alca jacta est," '. Dulce est pro patria mori " " In vino Veritas," and other sayings of that sort. Oa such occasions the learned Professor was wont to look a little embarrassed, though he smiled approvingly, and be would change the conversation. But when the old eoldier spoke of his campaigns, the Professor, in his turn, would listen for hours, and put encouraging questions, so aB to induae the narrator to continue his story. The friendship of these two old gentle men h«d become proverbial. The Pro fesEor's daughters were perhaps the only beings who did not look upon it favourably. They complained of the fearful profanity of the Colonel's speech, and of his poisoning the whole house with that horrible short pipe of hiB, which he smoked indiscriminately in every room in the house. " But papa approves of everything the Colonel does," they said. "Let us hope that he will have no cause to repent sume day." This remark waa not quite correct, how ever. Their father was far from approving entirely the views and the mode of life of his friend. The Professor wa* an earnest Catholic, and, like most members of the upper classes in "the South, a staunch Legitimist. Coste, on the other hand, possessed an inexhaustible stock of rather scandalous stories, in which priests, monks, and nuns, were not alwayB mentioned with the respect that Tisson thought due to them. In politics he was a liberal, inclining toward Bepublicanism. Tisson would sometimes call Coste " Cbarras," and the Colonel would retort by "Polignac." Their discussions, which were long and frequent, were generally brought to a close by one of them reminding the other that the tiro e for a rubber or a game of golf was come. Then the excited coun tenances of his opponent would at once assume a calm expression; both would take their hats and sticks, and walk to the club or to the "Links/' chatting cheerfully by the way, as if nothing had ever disturbed the perfect harmony of their intercourse. The terrible year-Vannie terrible- of 1870-71 put an end to these discussions between the two friends. Both were true patriots, and in their grief for France they forgot all differences of opinion. Both blamed the Emperor and the Empress, the Ministers and the Generals with the same implicit confidence all the stories which were told of the heroism of the French soldiers and the barbarity of the Germans. They felt the same indignation towards Bngsia, which did not hide its sympathy for the enemy;. the same disdain of the English, " that nation of shopkeepers," who had forgotten SibaBtopol; the eame contempt for those " ungrateful" Italians, who abandoned their old ally in her distress, and they shed tears together when the newB of Sedan reached Montpellier. About this time a peculiar kind of feverish, nervons excitement had taken possession of the whole French nation. Onr two friends did not eBcape the contagion. The cheerful equanimity of former years was gone. They never touched a card, and dust gathered on their golf olubs and balls lyiDg unheeded in the hall. They read the papers with passion ate eagerness ; they made strategical plma, and discussed them as earnestly as if armies had been at their command; they hoped against hope ; they believed that the fortune of war would take another turn ; they never despaired, for it seemed to them simplv impossible that Franc?, their proudr mighty, beautiful country, could succumb in a war with any other nation-and they felt almost crushed when the dreadful truth at laot dawned upon them, when they knew that the power of France was broken, and they saw her humbled to the dust at the meroy of the conqaeror. Ooste and Tisson spent day after day together, silent and mournful, feeling that their common sorrow had drawn them even more closely together than the peaoelul happiness of former years. But as, in spite of their advanoad age, they had preserved a good deal of that liveliness and elasticity of mind whiob characterises the inhabitants of Southern France, they shook off, after a time, that dull, oppressive sense of gloom. Nervous irritability and great bitterness of feeling remained, however, and showed themselves in frequent and violent explosions of anger against the supposed authors of the great national misfortune. Then the papers brought the news that a revolution had broken out in Paris, and that the Communists had seized the reins of government. At first the two friends heard these reports almost with indifferenoe. The wounds inflicted by the foreign foe were still so fresh that they were unable, so to speak, to fee 1 any new pain. Bat soon the civil war oompelled their attention. It beoame the principal theme of conversation. The inter ests in the struggle for the possession of Paris,, where Frenchmen fought Frenchmen, soon absorbed every feeling. It was on the 3rd of June, 1871. The day had been hot and sultry. Dark thunder clouds had gnthered, and threatened a Btorm at every moment. The air wa3 heavy. _ The Professor was pacing up and down the dining-room in an agisted manner, waiting far the Colonel to sif. down to dinner. At last Coste arrivnd lialf an hour after the usual time. He held Eome hali-openc-d crumpled newspapers- in his hand, and, on entering, threw them on the table. He looked pale and disturbed. "I have waited for the papers from Paris," he said; " read-it is horrible, incredible !" Tisson took up the papers and looked at their contents. Pascal had served the soup ; the steaming plates stood before the two old men, but neither thought of touching them. The papers reported the horrors committed by the Communists, the destruction of the Tnileries, the Hotel de Yille, the Ministry of Finance, the Cour des Comptes, etc. They related the massacre of the hostages, the furious fighting in tho streets, and, lastly, the slaughter among tho "enemies of society," by the avenging Versailles troops. Tisson looked up and said, with a long drawn breath of relief," God be praised ! The good cause has triumphed 1" " It might well have triumphed with more humanity," retorted Coste, sullenly. " I hope yon are not going to defend the Commune ?" oontinuod Tisson, in an almost threatening tone. "No," replied Coste, turning pale, and .speaking in a tremulous voioe, " I am' not going to do that. But I do think the troops might have shown bloodthirsty cruelly. ?Fifty thousand! Think, Tisson, what that means. Fifty thousand human lives have been saarifioed 1 Futy thousand! It is dreadful! They have Bhown no mercy to women or children; they have been killing as if they were destroying wild beast's !" " They have done right 1" cried Tisson. «' Brave men who have fought against wild beasts-a murderous, 'infamous crew, the soum of humanity, robbers, murderers, incendiaries." "TisBon, TisBon, think of what, you are saying! You are'speaking of Frenchmen, of our countrymen, our brothers." "Your brothers, if you please-not mine, thank God ! I have nothing in common with thieves and murderers." " Nor have I." "Youhave-since you dare todefendthem." " Dare! You must be out of your senses, Tisson, to speak to me in this way." "" No,'I am perfectly in my senses, and-1 tell you calmly and deliberately that it is a shame-a burning shame-that you should dare to say a word in defence of the Com mune-yes, you ought to be ashamed of yourself I" " Recall that word, Tisson 1 recall it, or by !" " You ought to beaBbamed, I say. Shame! shame I" The Colonel rose, pale as death, with flaming eves. He struck the table with his clinched fist, so that the plates and glasses rattled, and he swore with a.fearful oath that he would never sit down at the table or put his foot in that house again until Tisson begged his pardon and retracted what he had said. " And I deolare," replied the Professor, who of a sudden had beoome strangely calm, but W88 as pale and trembling as his wretched old friend. " I deolare, without the use of any blasphemous language, that the words you require me to siy shall never pass my lips." Then the Colonel went to the door, took his hat and stick, and in a moment, without another word or look, was gone. TisBon heard his heavy, halting step upon the stair. The house door was opened aud shut again; then all was still- the stillness of death. For three whole days the Colonel and the Professor lived on their passionate wrath. Then their anger cooled, and both began to understand what they had lost. The isola tion consequent upon their estrangement became unbearable. Coste dared not leave his rooms for fear of meeting bis old friend; the Professor crept stealthily out of bis houee when obliged to go to bis lecture, and the two old hearts longed for reconciliation. Yet it could not be. They thought over and over again that parting scene, and remembered every word and every look. " He should not have insulted me at hiB own table, in his own house," said the Colo nel, and he felt that he could not, in honour, break the oath he had sworn. " He was entirely in the wrong," thought the Profe38or. " How could he defend the greatest raEcals and criminala the world has ever seen?" And he re membered with a shudder that he had solemnly avowed never to pronounce the words which alone could induce the Colonel to return to the house as a friend. One morning old Pascal came to the Colonel. "What have you done t9 my master, sirP'*ahe asked, with teari in her eyes. "He doea not. eat, he does not sleep. He sits all day long in his study without opening a book or writing a line. He will' see nobody, he speaks to nobody j -he will die. "What hare you done to* him, fdr ? Do help my poor master!" The Colonel had always treated the faithful old servant with kind familiarity, and he was quite ready to discuss the matter with her. " You see, Pascal," he said in conclusion, "I have dwora upon my honour never to re-enter his house until he has acknowledged himself in the wrong-and I cannot bre3k my word." " It is a wioked thing to take an oath when in anger," said the old woman. " Ask your Yioar, sir; ask the Bishop himself. They will rsleasa yon from your vow." " I have given my word. No human being can help that, i must keep it." Tears stood in the dim eyes of the soldier. He looked miserably sad, but he Bpoke with so much determination that Pascal fait she mnet give up all hope of reconciling the two friends. Soon after this the Professor's daughters came to ijay their cusiomary visit to their father. Pascal told them what had hap pened. They disliked the Colonel, whose manners they considered coarse; and they merely observed that no doubt their father would soon dad that the loss he deplored now, was, in fact, a gain. They were about to say as much to their father, bat he stopped them angrily, telling them, with flashing eyes, to keep silent on the eabjeot or to leave the house. For a whole tnonth there was no change in the relations between TisBon and Coste. Their quarrel had beoome the subject of talk in all Montpellier, but no one felt inclined to play the part of peacemaker between the two old men. At the end of that time the Professor wen away on his usual holiday trip. For the last ten years Coste had been his companion on theso occasion?. They had vieited together Paris, the Pyrenees, Auvergde, and Switzer land. Xhoy had enjoyed themselves every where. Bat now the Professor started alono. He thought of going first to Paris-and then ? He had not settled where. Ho wanted to ieave Montpellier. He oould not bear to remuiu there any longor. The Colonel stood at the window, hidden by the curtain, when the cab stopped at his neighbour's door. He felt a heavy load ou his chest, and his eyes burned in their Bockets when he saw the professor leave the house with a heavy Btep and enter the oarriage. When it had driven oil, Coste hid his face in his bony hantls and wept bitterly; but he experienced a sort of relief in the thought thut Tisson was no longer in his im mediate neighbourhood. He walked up and down his garden sadly and thoughtfully, feel ing himself free and unobserved. A kind of peace stole over him; and one day, when ho got up in the morning, he wrote the following letter: DEAR TISSOS,-I have made up my mind to leave Muntpellier aud to return to Algiers, where my old regiment iB stationed, and where I have a few comrades Jwho will be company for me. They cunnot make up for what I have lost: but, at any rate, I shall not feel as utterly lonely qb I do here. Before I leave, never to return, I would like to meet you onoe more as in the good old times. I therefore beg you will write to me, on receipt of this, to appoint a piaoe of meet ing in Paris. We will, as in by-gone days, have a stroll throagh the big town, we will dine together in the evening, and then bid each other " good-night,"? as we have done for the last ten^years. On the morrow I will leave Paris. Yon will then be able to think of me aB of an absent friend from whom you have parted in peaoe and good will. My anger lasted but a few days. Since I have become cool and colleoted, I feel the same old friendship for you whioa I shall ever feel, even if you reject my proposal. Believe, me, dear Tisson, your faithful friend. CASIXIR COSTE. Old Pascal gave him her master's addreBS. The ProfegBor was staying ut a small hotel in the Rue Holder. The landlord was from Montpellier, and Coste and Tisson had lodged there on several occasions. The second day after t'.-o despatch of thid teeter the Colouul received one from Parie. Be at once recognised the writing of his friend, and tore open the envelope with a trembling hand. The letter consisted of a few horned and almost illegible lines : I have sworn never to pronoanoa the words which you require Defore re-entering my house; but I may tell you how hard it has been for me to keep my vow. Forgive me the pain my anger has oaaBod you. I, too, aavu suffered much, and I remain, till we are parted by death, your faithlul friend, ISIDORE TISSON. The letter fell from the Colonel's hands, md all seemed dark for ,a moment. When 36 had recovered a little 'he went to Pascal. 3he bad reoeived no tidings of her master. 3oste then telegraphed to the landlord in Paris begging to be informed of the health )f the Professor. In a few hours the answer same back- Professor Tisson had died sud lenly. He had been found dead in his bed )n the morning of tuo preceding day. The iuneral was to take placj on the morrow. Che daughters of the Professor had been iommanicated with. Coste started that same evening for Paris, md arrived there u few hours after the 'uneral. He saw the daughters and Bon-in aw of his friend at the hotel. They were in leep mourning, but appeared to bear their 0B8 with great equanimity. They seemed inrprised at the Colonel's troubled counten ance whenhe entered their room unannounced n hie dusty travelling dresB, and they inswered his inquiries briefly and precisely. L'heir father had had a stroke. H<* had gone o bed in his usual health at 10 o'clock, and iad been found dead the next morning. The loctor thought be must have died about 11. Lt any rate, ho had been dead some hours vhtn found; and ho had died, they hoped, vithout pain. Coste went next morning to visit the grave. Dn bis return to the hotel he was informed ihat "the family from the South" had left Paris aiter ordering a "pretty" tombstone to 3e placed on the Processor's grave. The landlord, M. Doucet, a great talker, who had known Coste for many years, and vas particuiarly fond of having a chat with iim under ordinary circumstances, became musually silent and reserved when the Jolonel asked him for the particulars of his riend's death. He was evidently concealing ;he truth, and Caste determined to find it )ut. He bribed the waiter, who at first held )ack; bat when the Colonel promised faith lolly not to betray him, the man related in a lervous, frightened manner all he knew. M. Tisson had arrived five days ago. Ho. vent out little, dined alone ia his own room, md spoke to no one in the bouse. On Friday norning he wrote several Utters, which he posted himself. About 10 o'clock he ordered lome tea, and told the waiter he was going ;o bed, adding that he did not wish to be listurbed before the next morning. " When I knocked on his door on Satur iay morning at nine, to give him a letter ihat had arrived from Montpellier, I received lo answer, and finding the door was locked >n the inside I became alarmed. I called VI. Doucet, who sent at once for the Police, md in presence of the ' CommiEsaire' the Icor was opened. M. Doucet, the ' Commis jaire,' and a doctor who had come with him, were the only people who wont into the room. My master told me to stand at the door, and not to let anyone go in. I had to wait a long time. When thoEe three came out of the room, M. Doucet was as pale as a ghost. He took me aside and said: ' I trust that you, an old ssrvant of the house, mil not talk. It would damage the reputaU*". the hotel.' I jjromisea fo b* and np. to this moment I have not opeoed my li abont it to a single goal, nor will I do . again. Bat you wore au old friend of M. Tisscn and ought to know the truth. A little Ja^pr the dootor returned with an assis tant. They looked themselves into the room where the dead body was lying, and remained there about au hour. Lata at night, 60 as not to alarm the other visitors, the coffin was brought quietly into the house. The nest morning M. Tisson's relations arrived. They asked to see the body, and I followed them into the little drawing-room where it waa laid out. Tbe features of the dead man were not distorted; they were yellow ag wax. Round the neck w,n placed a broad white cravat, which reached up almost to the ears. I felt a cold shudder when I saw ifc * 1 told M. Doucot, in a whisper, that it looked very horrible.' He made me sign to be silent, r.nd seemed very agitated. It's my opinion, sir, that M. Tiason laid violent hands upon himself-" Co*te turned deadly pale, daggered back, and sank into a chair. The waiter . Bprinkled some cold water on his face ana gave him something to driuk. When he had recovered from the shock, the man entreated him once more not to betray him, and then quietly left the room. A few days liter Colonel Coste returned * to Montpellier, but only to superin tend the removal of his simple furniture and belongings to Paris, where he settled in a remote part of the town at no great distanco from the cemetery wher« Tie-son wan bnricd. Ho lived there for a year in sadnefs and solitude. Then his health began to fail, and at 'ho end of|a few weeks he was oonfirjed to hiB bod. Tbe dootor advised him to take a Sister of Cbarity as a siok nurse, as he laid no relation or friend to tako caro of him. Costo asaenttd to everything. The muse came and per formed her duties carofnlly. Sao waa a strong young womnn, with a smooth, calm, face, lair, with rosy cheek?-* faoo tha* looked as if it bolom'o l '-o one pure in body and mind. She nursed the lonely, helpless old man carefully, unwearyingly, without anxiety and without hope, as she laid nureod far years other sick and dyins pooplo. " He is gotting weaker and weaker," she said one day to the dootor. " Ho does not know mo now." . The Colonel lay on his bed, with half olosed eyes, breathing feebly. The dootor felt tbo pulse, forehead, and heart of hia patient, andsaid, while slowly drawing on hisglovos: " I do not think that ho will hold out through the day. I will look in again to night ; in the meantime yon may go on with the modic:no I prescribM ytB'crday. The Sister nod led, and when the dootor was gone, took up some needlework, with whioh she busied herself whenever the patient did not requira hor attendance. Tho day passed quietly, without porooptible ohange in the stato of the dying man. When it grew dark the Sister left tho room noise lessly to fatoh a lighted lamp. The door had romained ajar. From the Doxt room she thought she heard the patient speak, and hniried back to his bedBido. Ha had raised himself from his pillows, and his face, whioh she could not well distinguish in tho dim twilight, seemed to her to have grown younger. His eyes, which duiiug tho whole day had remained half-dosed, were now wide open, and looked kindly and peacefully around. That indescribably sweet BmilQ with which so many woary outs greet the approaoh of peaco-brioging death, lighted I up his couuteoanco. _ 1 " It is gotiiog dark," ho whispered. " Wait for me, Isidore; wo will go home | together." j Ho iell b*Dk on tho pillow. His breathing became slower-slower and fainter-then ceased. The Sifter remained for a few moments perfectly still. Slii thon !uU tbe room, and soon retarned with tbe lighted lamp. She raised it above tho head of the dead man, eo that the bright light fell upon his pale, emaoiated and calm features. Sho looked at him attentively, without teudornees, without sorrow, or, indcyd, any visible sign ol emotion, turned quietly away, and, after placing the lamp on the table, returned to the bed to olose the eyes of tho departed. In the Bame mothodical way BIio smoothed the pillow and placed the quiet huad carefully and gently upon it, dr^w the sheet up to the chin of the dead min, and plaoed a ornoifix in tho cold hands, after having folded them above tho oounterpane. Then she lighted two candles, and plaood one at the head, and the other at the font of the bed. Lastly, sho took a email bottle and poured the holy water which it contained into a BQuaer, already prepared for the purpose, which stood by the bedside. When she had attended to all this, without hurry, aa without iiesi tation, she looked around as it to Bee if anything else remained to be done. Her calm, searching glanca surveyed with the same serious composure tbo corpse, the tapers, the oruoitix, tbe saucer with the holy water; and when she had satisfied herself that nothing hu'd been omitted, and that everything wa3 in perfect order, she drew from her pocket alittle, well-worn, black book, opened it with unerring hand at an accus tomed place, knelt down, mads the sign of the oroBS.and her silent, moving lips recited the pray era for the de*i3.~ -Rmblph Lxndau in Blackwood^s Magazine. 