THE STORT-TL.LER. The Pale Lady of Tlreherne. By INA LEON CAS8ILIS. CHAPTzER IV. Tu LAYNG OF THE GHOsT. On Christmas Eve they all went to church through the snow; and when they came back, and supper was over, they eat round the fire, and talked and laughed till past eloven; and even Nests, who had on colder than evet to Colnel icsen that day, joined in the merri nt, and the Colonel and Teresa ttled away like castanets. It was late when they separated j or the night, and Teresa, instead of giving her hand to Eriosen, as usual, flicked him a " ta-ta," and ran up stairs, laughing-a mode of proceed ing which did npt wound him, as might have been supposed, but ra ther pleased him than not, for he was a man of :he world. " Ohristmas Eve i" said he, softly to himself, as he entered his sitting. room. "Now, 'to-night, of all .nights in the year,' is the one for a =trick-if a trick is to be played-and, by Heaven, I'll be even with the ghost to.night, or give up the game. Give up the the game, doI say? No, no!. my lady Teresita! I shall not give you up quite so coolly; but they want me to marry Nesta, and she doesn't care for me. Has she a lover, I wonder ?" He paused a moment in thought. " By Jingo! I believe I am right let's see." He glanced at his watch. "Half-past eleven. Now for it !" He stole out into the corridor, keeping in the shadow, and, pausing near the recess before mentioned, con cealed himself behind a tall cabinet, four feet from the spot at which tf mysterious visitant had hitherto appeared. Patiently he waited-watching and listening-with his eyes fixed on the haunted spot. He was not wholly free from superstitous dread, now and then, for the place and hour all fa voured such idere; but his upper most feeling was one of amusement, Hark! "With twelve great shocks of sound," the midnight hour tolled out from the clock-tower close by, and sau~aed to come booming through the frosty air of the gallery; and, as the last stroke died away, there, as esud denly as if dropped from the eeiling though he must have heard the faintest sound of opening door or trap -was the white figure! One second-just one second Ericson paused, then sprang forwards, and it was a startled, terrified human cry that broke forth as he flung his arms round a supple, quivering form. Theveil was pulled off, and a mass of golden hair fell over the ghostly bshoulders and the ureast of her captor; and a beautiful face, haff frightened, half wicked, with flushed cheeks, and dark pleading eyes, full of tears, was lifted to his. "Let me go el" said the sweet, trembling lips, and the voice was almost a sob. "Oh, Colonel Ericsen, don't be angry-please let me go." "Not till you have paid the pen alty, my bonnie Ermengarde," said the Colonel, folding the girl still closer to him. " Wha8t do you deserve for such a trick? I told you what I would do, and you have braved me." "Oh! do have mercy," said Teresa, trying to hide her face; " I will tell you all--indeed, I will - have mercy I" " Buch inercy as love may have, my darling;" and he stooped and pressed his lips to hers. "I must needs keep m?y word," he whispered softly. " Came, Teresita, look up and tell me you do not grudge me that kiss, and many more, Good faith, I would not mind seeing a ghost every night to win such a moment as this in the end. Poor little one, I think Isee the comedy. You thought I wooed Nesta and wanted to drive me away, for she perhaps, has another lover; but a hundred ghosts would not have driven me away while such a living magnet as yourself kept me here; and you did not want me to go, did you, sweetheart? I must know this before I release you !" Was he jesting, to punish her for her trick? the bewildered girl asked herself. Yet, surely, there was no jesting in that kiss, and in the pas sionate darnestness of his manner ! "But-but-" she faltered, "it is Nesta- you love-am I dreaming ?" "I am not, Teresita; end you cer tainly were, if you thought I loved Nesta. I think you won my heart the moment you sprang into the room, and threw your cap up to the ceiling, But you were so young and childlike that I was afraid to startle you, and afraid, too, that the padre and madre might not like me to alter the plan laid down for me, and which I never intended to carry out if not agreeable to both parties-Nesta and myself -so 1 kept up the game enough to mask my real attack, and throw everyone off their guard, and at the same time not com promise my honour; but, to-day, I thought I must speak to you to-mor row, and your running away from me asyou did this evening decided me. You may hide your face, dear one, so long as you hide it here-" drawing the bright head tenderly down to his breast-" but I did not know that I should win my bride in so strange a manner, and find her-a ghost !" How could Teresa help laughing? She did not however, contradiot her lover's assertion, and made no more eflorts to escape, by which it may be assumed she owned herself defeated at all points. She felt very humble, indeed, and said in a half whisper, "Was it very wicked of me to play euch trick ? I did it for Nests. We made it up when you came that we would try to drive you away, and we took advantage of the story of Lady Ermengarde. There is a secret door in that recess that opens noiselessly, and that is how I came in and vanish ed so suddenly. I heard you comealong the galleryand try the door of the room the first night you saw me, and I was dying with laughter; but we kept the secret well, didn't we, though you tried'to trap us " " Wonder-fully-a couple of girls, too," said Ericeen ; " but you must have known that I suspected some. thing." " Yes, and that made me so frightened; and you didn't seemed at all inclined to go. Oh! don't laugh at me," said the pretty penitent, "and -and--" "You found," said Ericsen, relent lessly, " that in trying to drive away a supposed lover of your sister's you were driving away a real one of your own." "No-that is-I didn't know," said poor Teresita. " I was unhappy about your going, bat I didn't know why." ?" Well, you know now, my bonnie ghost, and I must say that your game was well played all through. 1 thought it was a trick of some one's, and 1 determined to find out to-night, for a ghost is bound to appear on Christmas Eve; so I hid myself, and [think you know the rest. "But did you suspect me," asked Teresa. "Not definitely, till Nesta's manner changed; then it all flashed across me. I suppose she wanted to make me believe that the spell was working, eh 1"' " Yes," said Teresa, laughing joy ously, but smothering it against his coat. " Well, there is one ghost laid," observed Ericson, joining in the girl's merriment; "but how about the other-Nesta's trouble ?" " Oh!" said Teresa, lifting her heard eagerly, "do help us!-Nellie loves Willie Charteris-he is a lieu tenant in the Navy, and poor, and father and mother don't knoe about him; and he is so good and noble, and Nessie is so unhappy." "Are they engaged ?" " Nessie holds herself bound; but Willie will not, because he is. poor." " That looks wellfor him. You shall see me again about this Teresita; and, if he is all that you say, no doubt I can help you; and now, as it is near 1 a.m., and fully time for ghdsts to retire, I must e'en resign you to the land of dreams. Ought'I to wish a ghost a ' appy Christmas ?'" " Oh ! yes," said the girl, lifting her radiant face for his kiss ; for you have made it such a very very happy one " And he knew that the generous young heart was thinking of Nesta's aching wound, healed from hence forth. A few minutes later, Nests, sitting by the fire in-her room, was startled by Teresa rushing in, throwing her self on her knees before her, and em bracing her frantically. " Teresita !" cried the elder, "What is the matter ?" " Oh, Nessie ! such a happy Christ mas ! Let me kiss you and kiss all the breath out of you, and then I can i tell you." She stopped short, however, of the above-mentioned consummation, and told Nessie all that had passed, and what Colonel Ericson had said about Willie Charteris; and Nessie wept and laughed as much as Teresa could have desired. , And, Teresita P' she cried, "after I all we have won the game-and more I than won it-for I shall have far more than I played for, and you something you never played for; and to think I you were trying to drive him away all 1 the time !" cried Nessie, remorsefully. " ' All well that ends well," ' re plied Teresa, and she danced grace fully about the room in her ghostly robes. The next morning, when the Christmas greetings had been given, Colonel Eriesen, with a grave face, turned to Mrs. Treherne, and told her thathe had seen the Pale Lady last night. " And that, you know," he added, sighing, " bodes evil fate in love isn't it so, Teresa ?" looking at her suddenly. Teresa was crimson in a minute, and stooped quickly over Nessie's pet terrier. Mrs. Treherne looked from the Colonel to the girl, puzzled. "Still," continued the Colonel, and now he addressed both parents. " I saw nothing very formidable in this ghost; and, in fact, it struck me as so very attractive a specimen of the su pernatural, that with your permission I should like, when I go, to take it away with me." At this juncture, Teresa made an attempt to escape, but the Colonel was too quick for her, and she was obliged to hear Ericsen's explanation of the whole plot, and how it was foiled. Needless to state the result; though for those who like to have everything in black and white, I may add, be fore dropping the curtain, that the party of guests at Treherene Court this Christmas includes Colonel Eric sen and a young lady who is called in London society " the beautiful Mrs. Ericsen," and a certain Lieutenant Chateris and his wife, Nesta. The Pale Lady has not been seen since a memorable Christmas Eve, often alluded to in the family, and never without much laughter. But Teresa always persists that the ghost had the best of it! 