THE TRAMWAY. No attempt has yet been made by the Government to comply with the wishes of tlie inhabitants of tlie town in providing suitable accommodation at tlie tramway terminus at the north end of Murray-street. From time to time the matter has been discussed in the local and metropolitan papers; the members of the town council have given expression to their opinions about the whole question ; and deputations have been appointed, which in due time waited on the Commissioner of Public Works with a view to urge that certain necessary works be carried out. Occasionally feeble promises have been made by the Government, and the townspeople have been cajoled into the belief that what was wanted and had been so frequently asked for would Be granted. Months have now elapsed, and everything remains as at the beginning, and so far as present appearances go the prospect seems as far off as ever of the tramway being utilised to anything like the extent it might and would be were consideration paid to common sense ahd business-like notions on the subject. It is very generally admitted in the town that the tramway, as at present managed, has failed altogether of being the benefit to the town and immediate neighborhood which everybody was led to believe it would be. As a matter of fact, many of the storekeepers in the town never use it at all, not because they would not like to do so, but on account of the difficulties put in the way by the authorities, and because they find that they can get along better without it than they could .with it. This is a very undesirable condition of things, and more especially as the work was undertaken and completed for the avowed purpose of making it a public convenience and benefit. What is required, first of all, is that suitable goods sheds be erected at the terminus. At present there is no structure of any kind, save a small apology for a • platform, which by a mild fiction is supposed to be of use for loading and unloading trucks. It is of use, certainly— it would be idle to deny that it is so— but its utility is reduced to a minimum : and if the Government imagine for a moment that tlie Gawler people will be content with it they must have a large amount of confidence in the simplicity of the inhabitants generally. A large structure is not required, but there is an immediate necessity for some sort of erection where • goods could be temporally stored, and where the ordinary routine of business transactions could be conducted. There would be no need to employ more hands than are at present required for the j local traffic. A couple of men could be | transferred from the railway station, where the work would be less, and these, with a ticket clerk, would be amply sufficient for all the requirements of the case. Tradespeople then could depend upon their merchandise being consigned to and delivered at what is the legitimate terminus of the railway, so far as the town is concerned, and a good deal of unnecessary annoyance and irritation would be avoided. And in the matter of passenger accommodation things are by no means what they should be. An arrangement has been proposed again and again in these columus by which tickets could be procurable—say at the postoffice, or certain licensed places in the town—at any hour of the day, and these tickets, at the prices specified in the authorised time tables, should covor the whole expense of the journey from the northern terminus of the tramline to the respective places of destination. As it is, passengers are called upon to procure tickets in the best way possible, which in this case happens to be about as bad a way as possible. The tramcar starts an unconscionable time before the trains are announced to leave the station. Sometimes passengers have to wait nearly half an hour loitering about the station until the train starts. At other times the tramcar dawdles down Murraystreet, considerately waiting for any body to finish his breakfast, dinner, tea, or supper, as the case may be, and even goes so far as to allow thirsty travellers to get out, and adjourn to a convenient tavern for the purpose of having a comforting drink. As a consequence the car arrives at the station at the last minute. Passengers have to rush out in haste, an dare only able to get their tickets as they manage to el bow their way through an eager and often angry crowd in front of the half- open ticket orifice. Ladies stand a poor chance, unless some good Samaritan of the male persuasion considerately steps forward and offers his assistance under the unseemly circumstances. Many are the cases in which the greatest confusion has ensued, and all the more so, when the train has been on the point of departure, and children and luggage have had to be attended to. These are matters that need but be mentioned to show how illadapted the management of the tramway is to suit public convenience, or even public necessity. Other things might be mentioned, but already enough has been said to point out that further action is necessary by the people of tlie town, so that the Government may be influenced to move iu tlie matter, and put this street-railway in a proper state. NEW TALE.—We publish in to-day's issue the first portion of a new and original serial story by Miss Agnes Neale. The tale will be continued from week to week until concluded, and we have no doubt will be much appreciated by our readers. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—Monday last was the day of nomination for candidates to fill the vacancies in the Town Couucil. A few ratepayers assembled at the Town Hall at noon, and Mr. H. E. Bright, jun. (the retiring mayor) presided as returning-offlcer. Mr. H. Dean was nominated as mayor of the town for the ensuing year, and, there being no opposition, was declared duly elected. Mr. J. C. Wilkinson was similarly elected as councillor for North Ward, and Mr. H. Caire as councillor for South Ward, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. H. Dean. A contest will take place in South Ward, for the ordinary vacaucy, between Messrs. F. May and G. Sheriff. In East Ward there will be two vacancies. Messrs. T. Hutchinson and W. Fogg have been nominated to fill the place of Mr. C. Cox, who resigued his office in the council owing to continued ill-health; and Messrs. F. Fowler and C. W. Niquet will contest the other vacancy in that ward. The elections will take place on Wednesday next, December 1\. Mr. W. R. Lewis was re-elected auditor. The mayor-elect (Mr. H. Dean) and the newly-elected councillors briefly addressed the ratepayers present, after which the company adjourned to the Old Spot Hotel, where a few toasts suitable to the occasion were proposed and responded to. It will thus be seen that there will be a double contest in East Ward, and the friends of the rival candidates are exerting themselves for their particular favorites. Under such circumstances it would be invidious on our part to suggest to the electors the way they should exercise their votes. TfV e trust that only one feeling will be manifest on the day of election, and that is that the best interests of the town may be furthered. THE NEW COUNCIL.—The ceremony of "swearingin" the newly-elected municipal officers took place on Thursday morning at the Town HalL Mr. Dean was installed as mayor, Mr. H. Caire as councillor for South Ward, and Mr. W. R. Lewis as auditor. Mr. J. 0. Wilkinson, the newly-elected councillor for North Ward, was absent, but attended on Friday for that purpose. Very few persons attended, and the proceedings were formal. WHEAT PEST.—According to the Advertiser, " Mr. Laurie, of Telowie, lately found that the ears of his wheat affected with rust were infested with little insects of a bright scarlet color, having black heads and elongated bodies of various sizes. When turned out on paper they move, about in a lively manner. The extremities taper to a fine point, the insect being in shape exactly like an Havana cigar." A correspondent from Port Pirie asks, " is this a part of, or the real cause of rust ?" Mr. W. A. Jones, of this town, states that it is not the cause of rust, but an instance of the well-known corn eel, one of several parasites able to exist on diseased wheat. Its scientific name is Anguilltda tritici. It is often found in the stalks of young wheat affected with the takeall, and is remarkable for its tenacity of life. THE LATE PICNIC.—The net proceeds from the Roman Catholic picnic and entertainment in the Institute on the Prince of Wales's birthday amount to the handsome some of a little over £62. This is very satisfactory, and the funds in aid of building the new church will be much benefited. APPOINTMENT.—Mr. Charles Ayling has been appointed elerk of the Mudla Wirra South District Council. The election took place on Monday last at an ordinary meeting of the council. There were several other oandidates. GAWLEK INSTITUTE.—Mr. Otto Wehrstedt will assume the duties of secretary and librarian to the Institute on Wednesday next, December 1. SUPREME COURT.—The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, Adelaide, will commence on Tuesday, December 7, at 10 o'clock a.m. The trial of Louis Joseph Wilson, editor of the Bunyip newspaper and late clerk of the Mudla Wirra South District Council, for embezzlement at Gawler, is fixed for Thursday, December 9. FESTIVITIES AT MALLALA.—The post-office and telegraph station at Mallala was opened on Wednesday. A procession passed through the township, and the day-school children sang " The Song of Australia." The Postmaster-General (Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G.) opened the door of the new building, after which the National Anthem was sung. The event passed off with the usual festivities. ACCIDENT.—An accident, which might have been followed by very serious results, happened to Master Harry Caire on Wednesday evening. He was swinging on a trapeze at his residence in Lyndoch-road, when he fell, fracturing his right arm. aud dislocating the joint at the elbow. Dr. Dawes was called in, under whose care the patient is progressing favorably. NARROW ESCAPE.—On Thursday evening a number of young boys went to bathe in the South Para River, on the Park Lands. Whilst doing so three of them attempted to swim across a deep part of the river. One of the three lost his presence of mind, and began to sink, and endangered the lives of the two who were with him. All three would have been drowned but for the bravery of another youth, Master J. Norman, who sprung in, and with difficulty brought them out to the bank. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' PICNIC.—The prizes to be given at the festivities to be held under the auspicies of the local Friendly Societies on December 25 are on view iu the shop window of Messrs. J. Ferguson & Co. They have attracted a good deal of attention, and are valuable works of art. BOARD OF ADVICE.—Dr. F. W. H; Pophaui and Mr. Edward Clement have been appointed members of the Board of Advice for the School District of Gawler. TICKET CLERK. —Mr. Edward John Carroll, cadet, has been appointed ticket clerk at Gawler, 6th class, in place of Mr. G. N. Anderson, removed. CRICKET MATCH IN ADELAIDE.—In the match against the Australian Eleven, commenced yesterday, the South Australian Fifteen scored 113, F. King making 20. INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE MATCH.—The intercolonial rifle match was fired at Williamstown, Victoria, on Wednesday. The Victorians won by 132 points. The aggregate score of the Victorians was 2,782 points ; the New South Welshmen, "2,650; the South Australians, 2,640; and the Tasmaniana, 2,603. There was some capital firing. The -top score of the South Australians was by Lieutenant Roberts (Areas No. 1.), who made a total of 193. The lowest was Trooper Kempson (Cavalry), 163. Lieutenant Taylor, of Gawler, secured 176 points. APPOINTMENT.—His Excellency the Governor in Council has been pleased to appoint Mr. William Roe Lewis, of this town, to be a commissioner for taking affi- davits in the Supreme Court. PROMOTION.—Mr. F. T. Wood, operator at the Gawler Telegraph Station, has been promoted to the position of post and telegraphic master at Eudunda. Mr. Wood has been in this town for several years, and held in high esteem by all who know him. He will leave for his new sphere of labor on Wednesday next, December 1. We congratulate him on the appointment, and wish : him every success. --- THE SCULLING CHAMPIONSHIP.—Hanlan having defeated Trickett in the late sculling contest, has been challenged by Laycock for the championship of the world. The former, however, imposed conditions that Laycock and his backers declined to accept. THE KELLYS. —Telegrams from Sydney state that Kate Kelly and her brother are exhibiting themselves in that city, and doing a large amount of business. The Government have interfered, and put a stop to the unseemly exhibition. BANKING. —^Messrs. J. S. Stacey & Son have served a writ on the Bank of South Australia for dishonoring their acceptance when they had funds in the bank. Damages are laid at £1,000. THE MAYORALTY OF ADELAIDE.—Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., has been re-elected Mayor of Adelaide. . .. JUDGE BARRY.—His Honor Sir Redmond Barry, one of the judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria, died in Melbourne on" Tuesday morning. The .deceased gentleman was very highly respected among all sections of the community, and his death is regarded as little short of a public calamity. THE GHOST.—Professor Pepper is announced to appear at the Institute Hall on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday evenings: for the propose of exhibing the well known spectacular illusion known as " Pepper'* Ghost." In addition to this the programme of each night's entertainment will be the same as was presented in Adelaide. There is no doubt that the hall will be crowded each evening. GAWLER CORPORATION.—TheTownCouncil met on Monday evening, November 22. Present—His Worship the Mayor (Mr. H. E. Bright, jun.); Councillors Allen, Burton, ' Deland, Potter, the inspector (Mr. P. Cheek) and town clerk (Mr. J. Rudall). Before the commencement of ordinary business," the council sat as a court of revision,, when several alterations in the ratepayers' roll, were proposed and agreed to. • The inspector's report wds read as follows:—I. The men have been employed in repairing roads, and footpaths iu.. Daly, Cameron; ^ Jacob, and Howard streets; destroying Bathurst burr on Paris; Lands; and the nsual scavenging work. 2. A book has been " provided, as ordered by the council, showing ' the income and expenditure'of the cemetery, - The same is posted np to date. 3. By iirec* • tion of the pnblic works committee, plans, 1 &c.;, have been prepared - for the uriaal to be erected in the Town Hall yards. 4. Cash paid into bank, £6 2s. 9d. In dealing with the report, it was decided that a special * meeting of the public works committee be held on Wednesday, November 24, for the - purpose of accepting tenders for the public urinal. Accounts, amounting to £40 13s., were passed for payment. la answer- to an enquiry by Councillor Potter, the town clerk ' reported that including the accounts then just parsed for payment, the council would stand indebted to the bank £237. Twelve months ago the overdraft was close upon £500. On the motion of. Councillor Deland, seconded by Councillor Allen, it was carried unanimously, " That the thanks of this council are due, and are hereby accorded to His Worship the Mayor - for his uniform gentlemanly conduct'and impartiality during his term of office." The -Mayor briefly re- - • sponded. On the motion of' Councillor Burton, seconded by the Mayor, a vote of thanks was passed to the retiring councillors for the services they had rendered to the town; and on the motion of Councillor Deland, seconded by Councillor Potter, a hearty and unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the town clerk for the efficient way in which he had -discharged the duties of his office during the past 23 years. Mr. Rudall briefly replied. The final meeting of the preseut council was then brought to a close. AUDITING.—The Wallaroo Times has the following:—In Gawler, the next matter of importance, after the librarianship of the Institute, seems to be the Lime and Brick Company. We observe that there is a sort of " happy family" style adopted ip connection with the undertaking, which at least has the advantage of being novel A short time since one of the auditors was absent and another nnwelL This however, did not prevent the balance-sheet from being completed, asanother gentleman kindly performed the duties. But the rich part of the joke is, some complaints were mide because the auditors had not asssited the secretary in getting out his balance, and, strange to say, the worthy chairman of directors (Mr. Bright, M.P.) thought that the least the auditors could have done was to have assisted the secretary. It may be true that this objectionable system is in force in connection with the public accounts of the colony, but it is hardly fair that Mr. Bright should bring these absurd notions, which he has acquired after years of Parliamentry : experience, into matters that should be conducted in a businesslike way. If secretaries and auditors were to act together in this way there seems little use to go to the trouble or expense of auditing accounts. " BAPTISM BY SPRINKLING."—This is the title of a little handy pamphlet recently published in defence of infant baptism.. The author is the Rev. Palmer Law, Congregational minister, late of Port Pirie, and now of Adelaide. It is intended'" for Bible classes, senior classes in Suuday-schools, and enquirers generally," and to such it will, no doubt, be acceptable and valuable. " This is the season." remarks an observing paragrapher, " when the colleges shoot off the alphabet, and he must be a man of very low decree who is not hit with two or three; capital letters." . 