Chapter XLIX.—In Huish's Sanc ' TUARY. • . " • ' " Safe at last," said Huish. "Are you tired?" -* 1 _ ,T , " Rather, dear," she panted. Rut, J ohn, what place is this]" " My sanctuary," he said, in a peculiar voice, " Give me you haHd. Come along. I'll tell you when the stairs begin." He led her-along the dark passage, and a strange chill of dread struck upon Clare, as the faint earthv clinging odor from below rose to her nostrils. She started nervously too, as a peculiar sound was heard. « What's that ?" she cried, starting. "Bah! the dog's claws on-the oilcloth going upstairs," he said, laughing. " He Inio*ws the *way> then—he has been here before," she cried eagerly. _ " Oh, yes, often," was the leply. Come: along." As they reached the first landing, i a light suddenly shone out, and, a few steps higher Clare gazed wonderingly at the weird figure of the Midge, with her long : black unkempt hair, as she stood holding a baby on one arm, and an ill-smelling lamp high above her head. There was an intent, curious, enquiring look in the Midge's eyes as they seemed to fasten upon the new comer, 'gradually growing vindictive, as they passed her without a word. ' « Who is that?" whispered Clare. " Servant," said Huish, laconically. « Won't make you jealous, eh ?" j " John," she whispered back in pained I voice, "why do you speak to me like that?" | " Ob, it's only my way," he said flip pantly. " Come along." They went up faster, fox the stairs were lighted by the Midge's lamp, and, reaching the second floor, he threw open the door ot the comfortable well-lit room and drew ber in, hastily opened the door of communi cation with' the bedroom, satisfied himself that it was empty, went on and locked the farther door leading out to the. landing, and returned. ... "There, darling," he said. » You will be safe and happy here." . .. .. ; . " Oh, yes, John, dear," she said, gazing at him worideringly, his manner seemed so strange; "but 1 am so anxiouB^tb know—" " Yes, yesall in good time" dear," he cried. " " There,* off with that. hat and jacket. " Why, Clare, dear," he cried, "you look lovely." • . There was a hot Ted spot in his cheeks as he spoke in a curiously-excited; way, and j Clare felt a strange sense of shrinking,as he hastily snatched away her jacket, threw it on a chair, and clasped her in his arms. • " John," she cried, struggling tofree her ! self—"look, look 1" , He loosed his grasp and turned suddenly upon June, who stood in the doorway, looking ghastly pale, and her great eyes dilated with rage and surprise. She had evidently risen from a sick couch, and wore a long loose white dressing gown, which, with her long dark hair flowing oyer, her jsicruldeie, gave ber an almost supernatural look, heightened by the silence in which she gazed from one to another. '" What are you doing here ?" cried Huish, sharply. *' I thought you were in bed—ill.", * "I was," replied June, slowly, "till I heard you return." . „ j " Go back to it then," he said, brutally, j " Why do you come here ?" j Clare shrank hack towards the couch, as June , slowly entered, with her eyes fixed ; fiercely upon her, and the doorBWung to. M-Who is this?" said June, in a low angry voice. { \- " Take no notice of her. I will get her away," whispered Huish, crossing to Clare's side. " She is mad." ' "No, girl, I am not mad," said June, sternly, for her organ of tearing seemed to have been sharpened, by her illness, and she had heard every word. " John Huish," she said, sternly, "answer me—who is this?"''1 ' ! v'" - Clare's eyes dilated; with horror. She was confused and startled. She could not comprehend her position^ or why they, were there ; and, as the recollection of the happy evening she had spent came to mingle with the chaos of fancies and_ surmises that hurried through her brain, it seemed to her like some, strange nightmare, from/which she: felt that she would soon awake into peace and repose; : . .•' • • To make the scene more impressive1 the heavy , deep booming'of St. Paul's striking midnight floated; into the room with a strange jangle of other bells, some slo w, some hurried, all bent on proclaiming the fame fact—that another day was dead— another being born. __ - ' As June repeated her question Huish's eyesgtowflark with rage, and he; pointed iothedoor.. : ■ -Go down,"; he said, " at once, or "-rr June shrank from-him for a moment as she saw his look ; hut her jealous rage mastered her fear, and she stepped further jnto the room. , :> . :. : Mulsh: seemed undecided what to do.; he glanced at -Glare; then at June/and then lack to see that the former waa jppkirig at him imploringly, as if asking him to end the scene.': down, June. Back to bed/' he said, firmly. " You are illand he laid hie hand upon her arm. ' ' r " Worse inmind; than body," she I cried, starting away. ! " Girl," she , continued, passionately, •"you look.- truthfnl; and un spoiled ; tell me who you are P" " Oh, yes,-'* said Glare, quickly, as she advanced with extended hand and a lo6k:of pity in her face. "I am Mrs. Huish." June's lower jaw dropped, and a blank stony look came into her eyes. " Married 1" she said, hoarsely. " Are you his wife—to-day ?" ; " Oh, no," said Clare, wonderingly, " for some months now. You are ill and deli cate. Can I do anything for you ?" " No, no—no, no," cried June, hoarsely. "Don't touch me; I could not bear it. Tell me once more." y " Here, enough of this," cried Huish, angrily.! " June, go" down." " Don't touch her," said Clare, excitedly; and she interposed. " She is ill—very ill. I am Mrs. John Huish," she repeated. " The woman he has wronged P" panted June, laying one hand upon her breast, and pointing with the other. " No, no," said j Clare!, beginning to tremble, as she thought of the scene upon the stairs; " but ypu are——" " That man's lawful wife," said June, hoarsely," and whom he now casts aside for some pretty baby face that takes his fancy." I "It is false," cjried Clare with spirit. " My husband is a'gentleman and the soul of honor." " It is true," cried June bitterly, "and that man is a liar—a Cheat—a scoun oh, God, I cannot hear it!. Let me die.",; _ She threw up her .hands and. reeled. In another instant she would have fallen, but Huish darted forward, caught her in his arms, and bore her out of the room, carry ing her down to the next floor, while Clare, as she heard his receding steps, sank into a chair and gazed blankly before her. She started up; though, as Huish re turned with a smile upon his face, and closed and locked the door. "Poor thing," he said lightly. "I am sorry she came up, HI, you know. Her baby. Reason temporarily gone. She accuses everybody like that." " John," cried Clare, trembling, " I can not understand you to-night; you are so strange and unlike yourself. Is what that poor creature says true? Oh, I cannot bear to hear such words" " True I is it likely ?" he said, approach ing her. "'Why, are not you my little wife ?" ." Yes, yes," cried Clare, springing from him.; but tell me John, dear John," she Cried. " Forgive me for asking you, but it is so dreadful to hear what she said. Oh, my own husband, tell me," she moaned, as she flung herself upon her knees and clasped his knees, "clear away this dreadful charge. I couldnothear.itif-itweretrue." "True, you silly little thing, why how absurd! How could it be true? There come, it is late, and I am weary. Why, my darling, you look as if you had seen a ghost." " Do I ?" she said, faintly, as he raised her up, and encircled heir in his arms. "I am weak and ill—the excitement: has been too much for me. John, love, make me happy. Tell me again that this J woman is mad. " Quite," he said quiekly> as he drew her closer to him, while ; she, for the moment yielding, gazed dreamily over his shoulder. Then her eyes met his, and as sbe gazed fondly in response to _ his im passioned glances, a strange revulsion took place; her face became convulsed with horror, and thrusting him away, she uttered a low wail and fled to the other side of the room. ~: "Clare, are you mad;too?" he cried, pursuing her and catching her wrists. "-Yes, no,- I don't know," she - cried excitedly. "Don't touch me. I cannot bear it." " Silence!" he cried. " Do you want to alarm the house ?" " Oh. no, no," she panted; " hut you frighten—you horrify me." " Hush, fool," he cried. " Be silent." " No, no," cried Clare, struggling, as he seized her in his arms and lifted her from the*floor.. "Leaveme., Oh,help—help— help!" Help came from where it was not ex pected, for as Clare, struggling frantically, was being borne towards the inner room, there was a savage growl—the snarl that a tiger might have uttered, and, creeping from beneath tie couch .where he' had lain, Joby: made two hounds and leaped upon Huish's shoulder, fixing his iron jaws in his arm, and hanging there, uttering a savage worrying noise for a moment or two, and then remaining passive, as, (drop ping his burden, the man uttered a wild shriek, and turned to battle with the dog. Be staggered about the room, for a moment in his agony, for the-animal's teeth were driven deeper into the muscles, feeling like red-hot iron; and then swung himself round to try and throw the dog off. But he might as well have remained still, for all the effect it had upon his assailant. It was his right arm, too, and though he struck at Johy fiercely with his left fist, the dog merely closed his eyes, and drove his teeth more deeply into the flesh, hanging there by the powerful muscles of his huge jaws and neck, and not even uttering a menacing growl. It was horrible. The man's face , grew convulsed, and with starting' byes, he snapped and yelled, bending .dorm at' last after futile efforts to choke the dog with his left hand,'and biting at it, setting his teeth in the hack of Johy's head, but: only being able to reach the skin. : " ' At last, mad with fear and pain, he fell; and the struggle grew more horrible;'for dog and man rolled oyer! and over, the human being growing dog- like in :the terrible fight, as he foamed and tried to use the weapons which nature Had given him.; In her horror Clare shrank away till she stood' holding by the doorpost of the inner room, gazing with.' dilated.: eyes at the hideous fray, till, just as: it was at its height, and - the man v undermost was striving hard to keep the dog from taking a new hold upon his throat, the door was dashed open, and Balass and Thickbroom, white and scared,-,"rau in to stare, horror stricken at the overturned furniture... ! ^ '?' Help, quick 1" cried; Huish."::" Shoot him. Kill iKe beast. • He hiM" torn me horribly!" ! i.:. ; , r ' . ' Bqiais made a step in advance, hut J oby, now.crouching on his fallen enemy's breast, bared: his white teeth, and: his eyes looked red as flame as he uttered a low, fierce growl. •' •• " _ :' " Fetch a pistol. There is one in the: drawer," groanjad the prostrate man. " But I daren't come in," cried Balass.' " I would not be bitten by that dog for a thousand pounds." • " Fools!" cried Huish. " Are you going to let him tear my throat ? Corse the beast, he must be mad." ! •. . He started up on to his elbow just then, for Joby had slowly retreated, baring his teeth, and looking hack at his enemy from time to time with a low-growl till he reached Clai'e, before whom hp stood in the inner doorway, and, turning roiihd, uttered at. the men a low deep-mouthed haying hark. , :v *..v ■ Huish started up, bleeding and disabled; to drag open the table drawer and take out a revolver. " Stand' aside, Clare," he! cried, Hoarselyj as he pointed thepistol at the dog, .. - , ■ • For: response, she isank upon, her 'knees in - the'; bedrbom^aind'f' 'cicfoped: s her arms round;Johy; J wh o harked defiance'. at his pnemjrV''i!. ' j:" " C«U him off; get bm away; I can send a bullet through;his skull. Coxae you, jou fool/' he shrieked, " let the dog go." • Clare did not move, only crouched there trembling, and. clung to her protector, creeping back farther and farther from the door, till Balass; stole along the wali and banged it close and turned the key. . "Are you much, hurt P" he said then. . " " I don't know—I can't tell.Giveme some brandy. The; beast is as strong as a horse. Curse him—I shaU faint directly. He lurched sideways, as if about to fall, but recovered himself and caught Thick brocm's arm. ' : " Take me downstairs," he said, hoarsely, " I shall be better there. I must have the' J bites washed." He shuddered and looked strangely from one to the other as the two men exchanged glances; and then, with their, help, he walked below to drink, with avidity glass ' after glass of brandy, and then sleep by the fire the long night through. Chapter L.—Flight. Clare Huish could not analyse the feel ings which oppressed her. All she knew was that her husband had suddenly inspired her with such loathing that she could not bear his touch. He had been faithless, and that had killed her love, and the dog had saved her from the pollution of his touch. Her position was maddening, and she felt at times that her reason must give way as, with hands extended, she' felt "her way, in the intense darkness about the little bedroom till her hands rested upon the second'door, which, like the first, was fast. She remembered now that he had; en tered • the room, locked the door, and removed the key, so that she was a pri soner in the. utter darkness. . _ ."What, did it all mean—this terrible change ? Was she to blame for it ? Had she behaved ill. to; her husband, or he to her? "Was she the cause of that horrible struggle between him and the dog, which made her shudder now as she recalled Huish's distorted countenance, his saviage cries, and the way in which he had writhed and shrieked as the dog attacked him. Ought she not, she asked herself, to loathe the savage animal that had made so fierce an attack upon her husband? She felt that she ought: and yet, with strange contradiction, she was, ready again and again to crouch down upon the carpet and caress the dog, who softly licked her hands and rubbed his great head against her. But for his companionship she felt that her brain would have given way, so utterly unstrung was she by the events of the last two or three hours; and at last, sobbing piteously, she,knelt down, clinging to the neck of the dog, and prayed for help and guidance in her sore strait. She rose up at last, strengthened, and feeling more calm. A chair was close be side her, and, sitting down, she felt the great head laid once more in her lap, and placed her hands upon it as she tried to unravel the dreadful tangle into which her mind had run. She was John Huish's wife, and in pros perity or adversity it was her duty to help and comfort him; and yet in this very first night of some great trouble coming upon him she was shrinking from him—loathing his very touch. She shuddered as she recalled his embrace, and asked herself was it jealousy. Oh, no, it could not be that, for he had told her this woman was mad—that her words were false—that it was all an inven tion ; and yet those words had caused her such agony that for the first time she thoroughly realised the sufferings of her sister Itende. It was horrible ; she felt that.she could not bear it, and with the feeling upon her that her reason must be, giving way, she got up and tried both the doors to see if she could escape. : 441 cannot meet him again," she'moaned, as- she felt that she was a close prisoner. " I dare not. He is my husband, but——oh God, help me, or I shall go mad." A low whine beside, her broughtjier back to the present; and-she knelt down by the dog once more, whispering to him and caressing him, yet shuddering the while, as she recalled the horrible scene. She even felt that she ought ,to loathe herself for her conduct, and yet the dread of meeting Huish again was so strong: as to master every other sense, and she cowered there trembling at each sound she heard; below. One o'clock—2 o'clock", had struck,,and still she sat there in the darkness with her brain growing more and.more bewildered; and then she started to her feet and a cry rose to her lips,'for there was- a footstep without, aud it passed the door and entered the next room. . She crushed down the icry, and felt that the dog . had suddenly left her, and was sniffing at the bottom of the door between the rooms. Then as she stood listening to the heavy heating of her heart there was the harsh scratching noise made by a match, and a gleam of light shone beneath.the door.. What should she do? He was coming again, and an insane desire came upon her to seek for the window and cast herself out —anything to avoid meeting him now, . Then she felt for the dog, and clasped his neck'With her hands, mutely appealing to him "to protect her, as she softly shrank away to the far end of the room, and pressed herself against the-wall. . ' At last when the mental agony of sus pense was more than, she could bear longer, the door was suddenly opened and the light shone in, and a low hoarse cry of horror subsided into a wail of relief, for. there, in almost the same attitude in which she had seen her upon the stairs, stood the Midge; holding the candle above her head, hut this time without her little burden. She advanced into the. room with a, dull angry look of dislike upon her face, such as she had often bestowed upon June, and then stood gazing fiercely at the trembling prisoner, bending islightly though to pat Joby's head, as he went gently up to her, and looked up in her face. ;' •/" You might leave me his dog," she said bitterly. " That isn't much." • " I don't understand you," said Clare, eagerly; as she crept towards her; "but you are a woman. Pray, pray help me to get awayfrom thisdreadful place." . *« Dreadful place I" echoed the Midge, wonderingly. " Who told you P Did she ?" "No, no, hut it is dreadful to me," said Clare, catching at the; Midge's hand, but only for her to snafcb it angrily away. - , " You don't know it as: I do," she said, " or you would call it a dreadful, place. Don't touch me. I hate you," ' " No, no, I never injured you," cried Clare, piteously. " Oh, as you are a woman, help me. Here, look, I will reward you. 'Take this." . She hastily detached her watch and chain, and held them out to the girl.' ;; "Pah!" exclaimed the Midge, "what are they to me.' I've seen him ahd them bring scores of them, ahd rich jewels, diamonds, and pearls; I'm sick of .them; and do you think I would take that from you." ; '■ ' "Why not?" cried'.Clare. "Oh, ;girl> girl^hayeyouno pityfbr-mep'V "Pity," said the -Midge, with a .harsh laugh. " Well, that is good. Pity for you. W-hy,-are you not his wife P" ■ : • '> 44 Yes, yes, yes, hut you cannot under stand. : Tcannot explain..' Helpine'to get ;I aw^;^frpmAhere. 'I 'must gdr-to .fay friends" A'GoPjiiTo^iyQur*. friends?": said.* .the Midge, lopking .perplexedr "What/have "^h/dd'ho^ cned Claire; pitPously bMy help'hid1 to escape from here, and I will pray for you to" my dying day." ". What. good's that ?" s^id the Midge, mockingly. " Tm so had that no'one could . pray me good, i'in a curse, .and a misery* ' and everything that's had. ^ Pray;,indeed 1,1 I've; prayed hundreds of times that-1 mighty die, but it's hp good." . ; "Haveyou no heart—-no feeling?" cried Clare, going down upon her knees to the girl. " Not a bit," said the girlbitterly. " They crushed one and hardened the other till it all died, I think." - ." Let me, pass you then," cried Clare, angrily.' " I will not stay." ' "If I let yoii paSs,'yeu could not get away," said the Midge. "The doors are locked below, and .you could no t find the keys. You don't want to go." ""What can I say—how anil to tell you | that I would give the world to get aw;ay from here," cried Clare.' "Oh, fprJHeayens sake save me before he comes again." .v : " He won't come again," said the Midge,' mockingly. The dog bit him so . that he ' has had a sort of shivering fit. They gave him brandy till he went to'sleep before the ' fire. Did you set the dog at him P" _ " No, no," cried Glare. " He flew at him. I cannot understand why. He generally loves him " " He's strange sometimes. He flew at and bithim once before, when he struck me:" "Did he strike you ?" said Clare, won deringly. "Yes, one day when I stood between him and her downstairs—before baby was horn. I said he was a brute to her—not that I cared—and he hit me, and the dog— Joby there—flew at him." : ' / Clare, panted , and flushed, then turned pale and bit her:lip8, for the question was struggling for exit—who is that woman down below? But she would not stoop to ask of this girl. She would not give way to the mean promptings, and she conquered. But a minute later and she heard what crushed her very heart within her breast, for the Midge went on:— ."I hated her when she came—when he brought her months and months ago, same as he brought you to-night. That was when these rooms were furnished for her. Now I suppose you are. to come and she is to go with the poor little baby. How he hates it." "Icannot hear this," moaned Clare to herself; and then fighting down : the emotion, she threw herself upon her knees to the Midge and clasped her hand. "Let me" go," she moaned. "Let me get away from here and I will bless you. Ask anything of me you like, and it shall be yours, only get me away." " You don't want to go," stud the Midge, mockingly." " It's all a sham." . "How can I prove to you that I mean it ?" cried Clare. "I don't know," said the girl, sulkily. " I only know that if I did he would kill me." . . . Oh, ne, no; he dare not touch you. Come with me then, and I'll see that you are not hurt." "No," said the- Midge, slowly,I'm not afraid of him, I shouldn't mind if he did kill me. How handsome you are," she said, as she involuntarily laid her hand upon Clare's soft fair hair. > " Handsome 1" echoed Clare. " Better, he the vilest, meanest thing that crawls than such a miserable wretch as I am. I don't know you. I never saw you till to-night," she cried," but you are a woman, and you must have a woman's heart, ready to help one of your sex in distress. You will help me, will you not An Clare spoke she rose from her humble position, threw her arms round the Midge, and kissed her again and again, ending by holding her hand and gating with so piteous a pleading look, into her great dark eyes that the girl's heart, became-as wax, andsheMssed the.pleader,inresponse.' ." She never was quite like that to me," she said, softly. " You could win any one over to like you." * " And you will help me ?" cried Clare, eagerly. : " Yes," said the Midge, " I'll help you if you tell me what to do." Clare hung herself upon the girl's breast with a sob of joy, and kissed her again and again. , "God bless you for, this,", she cried. t{ You do not know what you have done." The .Midge's arms rose, fell, .then rose and fell again, and ended' by tightening round Clare's waist as she clung to her for a moment; then hastily folio wing her into the sitting-room she.caught up and put ou her;hat and, jacket. : < • ; "You must fie a. real lady," said the Midge, watching her and taking in . her dress and every movement. "lam the most wretched of women," said Clare, piteously. ; . "Oh, yes," said the girl, sadly. "It comes of listening to him. He's got a way with him that draws you to him whether you like, or no. He does what he likes with.all of us." ^ Even, in these J critical "foments Clare could not help a stare of , surprise as she listened to the words of this poor, sickly, deformed girl. Had she married a man so devoid of all honor that it was his sport to trifle with the,affections of every woman he, met ? ' . She. shuddered at the thought, and taking the hand the Midge held out, she followed her out on the landing, with Joby close, behind, and then down from landing to lanfiin'gj ipMt rthe room where the men were ^sleeping, whe're^she .hesitated for a moment, dreading to pass; then, down to the earthy-smelling ground floor,-where the Midge thrust her hand 1 into a niche and drew out, a hey. . " I shafi put out'the light now," she said, softly. Kiss me before you go." ,;. Clare, threw, her arms round the. girl and strained" her to her throbbing, breast, and then , the poor girl sighed, blew " out; the light, and took Clare's.hand..1 " You ain't afraid of the dark, are you P" she said." "No'; oh, no," whispered: Clare;. f but pray, make,haste; they may hear." .' "Not' they," said the Midget "They never wake after so much brandy. I'm afraid of the dark how, mid have been ever since-r--—" . She did not finish her sentence, but led her companion to the' door, unlocked it, and the, next moment. the cool dank air' of the night was blowing upon Clare's cheek, ' il Oh, LshaU.hever forget this," she whis pered,, kissing the girl's hand.; . "I don't know,''.said. ;the: girl,: " hut I shan't.; Good-bye, dear. I shajl aljvays recollect- your, soft- face. But,'? ;she {said, with a spasm of jealousy shooting through her, "you'll come bach; again ?"• .. j : ; "Never," cried Clare;: and: her voice seemed like a wail of misery. ^Good- bye, good-bye.": ^ ■; .c • - " Stop/' said the Midge. " Dp" you know your way P." -;0 V ••.;;. ; ,-t. v.; "No,"" exclaimed Clare, ..starting with dread. .. "Where do you want to go ?" .,,; . " Home," cried. Clare—"to: Portland place." ;^'I. don't, know it," said the girl.:',(Yes, I do.-.- It's np west.' s Go straight/ up here and then keep, right along i the rgreat street past §t. Panl'Sr-Guod-hye." - : -rl ■ Clare -fled .;m . toe;direction indicated till her' trembling .limbs., refused! .to bear ; her farther at such, a speed, aud' ithongh she met a policeman he contented himself with turning for a; moment to' gaze,after her. . Then. subsiding; into, a fast waik^she hurried on through • theempty, streets., till ttbe towering mass,of 'St. Paul's mot her WOW.:,iu:: . cj She had a pretty good notion now of her j course, but was conf used in the darkness, and took the lower road to the west' in place of the upper, hut heeded it not, for.; she was free; and trotting stolidly by her ' side was the patient dog. r (To be continiud.) 