La Vf COUBTS. POUOE_CqUET—ADELAIDE. TlUB UA*. Friday, October- 2,9. [Before Mr. S Beddome. P.M.I ' Catherine Rock. and Harriet Chapman wfra 'fined 10s. for being drnnb and using indecent language. j Susan Romford, Elizabeth Walker, an aborigi jnal, Fanny Little, Ellen Lyons, and Louisa War I were fined 10s. each for drunkenness, i Bridget MacNamara was fined 10a. for using ' riotous behavior on North-terrace. Thomas Perry, charged with hindering Police^ - jconstable Murphy while arresting MacNamara, •was fined £1. ! Margaret Murphy, a very anoient dame, ■Margaret Bignum, Ann Sheehy, and Mary Ann !Rooney, old offenders, were charged with lodging jinahunoccuped house, and with havingno visible i means of support. Dismissed with a caution, i Morris Brown was oharged with assaulting Shis wife, Annie. Maria Brown, on October 37; at. ^Adelaide;. To be imprisoned for one month Swith hard labor. | William-Bwyer, landlord of the Hope Inn, Hindmarsh, was charged with supplying one pintof beef to William Hoare, he not being a 'bona fide traveller, on Sunday, October 24. Mr. IS. G. Kingston appeared' for defendant. The evidence called was not sufficient to prove •illegal sale, and the case was dismissed. ! Alfred Hughes was charged with stealing one jbottle of beer, value 3d., the property of John Hall, on October 27, at Adelaide. It appeared I that Hall had gene into the Cumberland Inn, [and having obtained a pint of beer, placed '{the, bottle containing it on the counter. Pri-. [soner, who was standing in die bar, snatohed it [up and ran away with it. To be imprisoned with hard labor for seven days. - ' Dr. Magarey will lecture in St. Andrew's Hall, Wakefield-street, this evening, on " The {Nerves." i A meeting of the National Cricketing {Association is to be held at the Plough and .Harrow Hotel this evening. | The Jamestown Rifle Company has been duly enrolled under the Hide Companies Act of '1878. < The Adelaide Mohawk Minstrels will Igive an entertainment in the Town Hall, Port {Adelaide, on Tuesday evening next, in aid of !the Prima Donna fund. The tenth annual exhibition of the North Adelaide Juvenile Floral Society is to take place in the Brougham-place sohoolroom this jafternoon and. evening. i Entries for the Foresters' picnic on the (Kensington Oval, on the Prince of Waters Birth day, will be reoeived by the secretary at the Cumberland Hotel every Friday and Wednesday " evening till date of picnic. ; At the meeting of the South Australian Football Association, held on Thursday evening, October 28, a beautiful album was presented to Mr W. Slight. It bore the following inscrip tion " SA..F. A.—Presented to Mr. W. Slight, psa token of recognition of his efficiency ttB field {umpire, 1880." j Professor Pepper had another capital beuse to witness bis ghost entertainment at Garner's Theatre on. Friday evening. The per formance, as oh previous occasions, _ was -alike knysterions and amusing, the various spectral illusions being cleverly managed, and the scenes into whioh they are introduced made thoroughly lively. The dioramic entertainment, "A~walk through London," and the shadow pantomime also formed very enjoyable features of the pro gramme. This evening the same programme is jto be given, i The annual picnic of the children attend ing the schools under thn care of the Sisters {of St. Joseph took place on Thursday, October j28. At 9.0'clock in the morning about 1,000 children fromjthe North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, {Norwood, Kensington, Pirie-street, Mitoham, Marion, Alberten, Brompton, and Hectorville schools and the orphans from the Magill and Gatbolio orphanages assembled at St. Igna tint's Church, Norwood, where mass having {been celebrated by the Bev. Jos. Tappeiner, S.J., they were formed in procession, and beaded by the Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society's Band, marched to the grounds of the Gatbolio Orphanage at Burnside, Here the {various sports incidental to each gatherings !were entered into with spirit, and the Inner man having been well provided for, the children returned to their re spective homes in the evening, evidently (well pleased with their day's outing. In addi tion to the school children, a large number of friends attended, including those who so kindly assisted at the late bazaar, and who were pre sent by special invitation irom the Sisters. For these an excellent lunch was provided, and the good Bisters evidently did all in their power to show their gratitude to those who materially assisted them. The ehildren from the Port and Alberton schools were conveyed to. the ground by means of four of Messrs. Hill & Go's large buses and the other children by the Norwood tramoars. 