MAY KEVIBWS. rSiCORD NOTICl.1 The ? 2fi)ietecTit h Century opens with a poem called 'De Profundis,' which is too profound for any ordinary understanding, and too vague to be intelligible to those who devoutly admire the works of our Poet Laureate. The second contribution is in French from the pen of M. Renan, and the sub- ject is ' Marc-Aurile,' or, as the English, Germans, and Latins wouMd call him, Marcas Aurelius, whose ' Thoughts' are a permanent revelation of a pious, charitable, and philosophic mind. In thinking of the decline and fall of Imperial Rome we are too apt to forget the curious succession of five good Emperor*, all hcirs^by adoption and not by birth, who exer cised a sort of republican sovereignty ovtr tho Empire for nearly & century. There w« notliirg cf the childish j omp of Oriental 'ie#p-- tisroc, ncr the pedantic {ride of the royalties of the middle ages (founded on an exaggerated Frr.tirof'Tit nf hrr^Hifv Rnrt ^irini* rinhtV Jn thpM vigcrocs rulers. Marcus Aurelius was no king in the proper sense of the word. He regarded tbe old race of Crusurs with aversion; here stored to the Senate its encient importance, and when in Rome never misled attending a single sitting, and never left it till the Consul dis missed tbe Conscript Fathers. He wa« the Chitf Magistrate of the known world. Hi* mild stoicism sceraea chitfly directed against himself; his unvarying gentleness and forbear* &nce; and pity for tbe foolUh and the depraved led him into some blunder*, of which, perhaps, tbe most diff&strons; was hia not disinheriting hii worthless son Commodns and adopting a worthier cucceasor. But the raooearive cases of adoption which hid had inch bril liant results had been resorted to by Emperors who had no heirs, and Commodus at seventeen might have developed otherwise. There ia one blot en the memory of this great men— that he continued the persecution of the Christians which all the good Emperors had kept up. Many of the worst and most vicious let the Christians alone; but those who saw the danger to the State from secret unauthorized Societies, intolerant to tho national religion and revolu tionary towards the settled institutions of Rome, thought it right to try to suppress them ; but Tertullian, the Christian apologist, and one who is a competent witness on tho matter, says that 'though Marcus Aurelius did not revoke openly the edicts against our brethren, yet he destroyed their effect by their accusers.' The spirit of his "Thoughts" is a curious mixture of Theism, Polytheism, and Pantheism, but he shews that gratitude for life and that submission to its evils without any apparent hope of immortality which Positivists and Agnostics say is possible and natural, but against which M. Renan exclaims indignantly. The lecture was delivered in French at the Royal Institution, and we are reminded of the objectionable parts of tho ' Life of Jesus' by one or two phrases — Mot charmant! (charming phrase), for instance, on that preference of faith to sight expressed by the phrase, " Happy are they who have not seen and yet have believed." Mr. Mallock, on ' Atheism and the Rights of Man,' criticises the tendencies of the new Liberal School, which repeats the old formulas without the old sanctions. Supposing the world to be converted to the creed of Positivism, does our knowledge of men lead us to expect that freedom and sweet fraternity is the condi tion they will work up to in the future? " Whether, as Mr. Herbert Spencer and others assume, predictions for the future can ever be made scientific, they can at any rate be made more scientific than these writers have yet made them. ... A movement like the French Revolution, which has been due at the beginning to the pride and oppression of one class, the envy of a second, and the hate and hunger of a third, may, by justifying its actions, secure to itself new motives. ... As for men's equality, science expresses the contrary with a fulness and hardness of meaning which was till our day inconceivable. And what is more, what each man is, is all that each man could have been. . . . Now, unless there if a power taking cognizance of what might have been, no man, however enslaved or machine-like, is born to be anything else.' The democratic ideal is being associated more and more with a philosophy by which it must lose its supremacy, if not its meaning. Mr. Alfred W. Hunt, on 'Modern landscape-paint ing,' says that is the midst of the furore for blue china and æsthetic coal scuttles the British public are, perhaps, losing sight of what was, perhaps, their strongest department in art, namely, landscape-painting. The pre Raphaelites set themselves to show that very fine art must be content to work with a good deal of uglinees for its subject-matter; and our present landscape-painters are seeking a wider range of subjects and aiming at greater accuracy or fulness of representation in paths where tra ditional principles will serve them little or nothing.' Lord Norton, on 'Penal Servitude,' con siders the length and character of secondary punishment as a great public cost and loss. 'Compare the value of property stolen in this country with the cost of feed ing, lodging, clothing, and a prolonged education of the thieves, and maintaining their families, and the remedy seems worse than the injury.' Penal servitude (as he takes it) is a survival from the transportation system. The idea of riddance of criminals was upper most in all our penal schemes. ' Depend upon it,' said Henry Drummond, only half in joke. " there are but two ways of disposing of criminals ; you must send half of them out of the country, and the other half out of the world.' And the lost means of riddance by transportation is sought to be recovered by shutting them up for as long a time as possible at home. Lord Norton quotes, with great approval, tho ' excellent South Australian legislative provision'— clause 8 of the Minor Offences Procedure Bill of 1839-70— which substitutes at the discretion of the Magistrate chastisement by a father or guardian in minor offences committed by persons under the age of fourteen, as worthy of imitation in Great Britain. The thread of his argument is that moral train ing shonld be incidental but is not the primary object of punishment; and that any corrupting influence is damnatory of any form of punish ment ; that fewer and shorter real punishments would be more effectnal in stopping crime than the endless consignments to long penal training, which under recklessly multiplied sentences to penal servitude throw thousands of men, women, and children, as a constant and mischievous charge, upon the country. For brutal offences he approves of the free use of corporal punish ment, and would substitute imprisonment for penal servitude for secondary offences, and death for those requiring permanent incapaci tation. Except in extraordinary cases of pre cocious criminality, he would not imprison children at all. Miss Agnes Lambert continues the subject of 'The Ceremonial Use of Flowers,' show- ing the marked resemblance between the ritual observances of primitive Christianity and those of tbe Paganism among which it took root, and that many of these usages were very graceful end beautiful. Efoncure D. Conway, on ' Tho Pound of Flesh,' n&ya; that the acholars who, In a recent Westminster play, evoked four ghosts to «Jecide on the icliquca erhumed by Dr. Bchlie mann, would coafer an equal benefit if they woald summon the ghost of William Shakspearo and ask him what he think* of Mr. Irving'* Shy lock. No such figure appeared on the stage in Ebafcspeare's own day. His make-up con sisted ef exceedingly red hair and beard, a false cose pretematort-lly long and booked, and ft tawny petticoat. Such a figure must havd been meant to mako fun for the pit and gallery, o£ which Shakspeare was rarely oblivion*, acd the actor Borbage never. A conventional stage figure is generally an evolution, and the stego Jew, like the stage Devil, grew from Marlowe's fiendish Jew of matter to the more grotesque figure of Bhylock. The farcical Bhylock has passed away from the English stage through the force of the more real character which Shakspe&ro; drew, and if that old Globe figure appeared now oa the stage the ghost of his create would join in the chorus ot hissing which it would call forth. There are eleven versions of the ' bond' etory In the early literature of Europe ; in fonr ot these no Jew appears. The influence of Buddhism is traceable in all the modifications of the legend, wbich came originally from Buddha's own life. Last jeai the highly educated. State of Massachusetts was thrilled with horror by the tidings that a man named Freeman had offered up bis beautiful and only child Sdith as a sacrifice to God The father and mother prayed over tbe little girl, and theo the knife was plunged into hoc betrt He bad hoped that his hand would be miraculously stayed like Abraham's, or that Us child noald bi restored to life after death.; bat /that was God's own affair; he only did what he felt God commanded. The embarrassing .-position for a Bible- believing people was got rid of by consigning Freeman to a lunatic asylum without tiiaL Mr. Conway betrays his Comtist principles by his reversal of PortiaV-atatement, and declaring that ' ii stead of mercy dropping as the gentle rain from heaven, it is projected into heaven from compassionate human hearts bertath.' Mtas J. H. Olappertan gives a meagre and feeble reply to Mm. Lathburj'a weak attack on Agnosticism in the ca*a of women. Mr. Minto, whose De Foe in the ' English Men of Letters'' iaoneot the moat vigorous and iuteresting of that excellent series, writes od an almost for gotten anther, John Donne, wor'.Jling, satirist, and in the end one of the pillars ut :ba English Church. 'A generation ia represented to pos ? terity by ifa beat common-place ; a-d those who, like Donne, do not enter the uni-i stream, but ,. stand critically on the banks, or disport them selves in retired eddies, soon pas3 from the notice of all bnt the curious explorers of the past.' His versification was curiously rugged ; he himself is reported to have asked how could cne with the name of John Donne ever produce musical verse. His satires when about a century old were translated by Pope, as Chaucer's tales had been translated by Dryden ; bat even Pope's modern version is now little read. Mr. James Payn writes on the ' Pinch of Povertj' — not as it afiects the working classes, bat as it may affect the readers of the Xintttenth C«rt«ry— pleaiantly enough ; but the article 13 . not so original as his 'Halfway Inn' or his /Critic on the Hearth.' Mr. H. h. Jephsoa treats on the economic, social, and political evils of Irish absenteeism, and satisfactorily . -controverts McCulloch's veiy Iodso statement :. that economically Ireland did not suffer from the non-residence of a large proportion of her . . landowners. Sir William Gull, Dr. Habershon, and A. G. Henriques write on the nursing crisis at Guy's Hospital in much the same strain as does Dr. Klaxon in the Contemporary, as mentioned in oar first notice of the May .Reviews. There nny be some unjust jealousy of trained nurses on the part of the profession, but the publication of Miss Lonsdale's rash and violent article was the most unwise thing po3jible, and furnishes the opponents of the movement with arms against it. Mr. T. G. Kebbel, in a 'Conserva- tive View of the Elections,' maintains that now , that the forces which change Governments are working secretly in a lower strata, protected by . ? the ballot, an element of danger is introduced, not to one party alone, but to the security of the nation itself. In Fraser's Magazine Dean Stanley contribute] a most interesting article on the ' Variations of the Boman Church,' which, though short, is an excellent parallel to Bossuet's fierce and elequent u Variations of Protestantism.' ' The Boman Church is a vast institution, which by reason of its antiquity in its earlier history contained all the varied elements, good and bad, which go to make up the Christianity of modern Europe. It was, a* Matthew Arnold says ' the world.* In its later days many of its good elements have been strained off into the Protestant Churches, some good have remained, some bad elements have been added ; both perhaps have been intensified. . Or we may say, whether in good-natared blame or in merciful indulgence, 'when onr chimney has smoked as long as theirs has it will have as much scot.' This indulgence should be especially extended to those in any old institu tion who are struggling to maintain tbe better elements, and to sweep away the accumulated accretions. The variations of the past, if they are not denied (as Mr. Thomas Arnold does in this month's Contemporary), but fairly acknow . ledged, would open the door to improvements in the future— perhaps not less than those which the Information brought with it— alike to . Protestants and Catholics.' The variations which Dean Stanley notes are :— The first schism with the Greek Church under similar impulses to those which, led to the separation of the Protestant Churches from itself, the develop ment of its architecture, the free-spoken language permitted as to ecclesiastical abases, and the rivalries of the monastic orders. We see, also, varieties in the doctrine of the mass and the form of the Breviary; in the view of marriage, which before the Council of Trent was merely a civil ceremony, when the priest was the attesting witness; [of divorce; of clerical celibacy; of prohibition to read general literature, which . even con is rigid at Montreal, bat lax in London and Paris; of witchcraft and usury; of discipline, of eternal punishment, of tests of converts, and of papal infallibility. Bat the , _. most striking of all is the various types of character which the Borrun Church has in cluded, which goes far beyond that of the -Church of England, though it, too, is all embracing as no other Protestant fraternity is. Bliss A. P. Irby reviews ' A Russian Lady's . Book'— Russia and England from 1ST8 to 1880, by Olga Kireeff. It is written in fluent and idiomatic English, and its text is— Why cannot Bussi* and England be friends 'i By her advocacy of certain reforms, the authoress has given offence to the bureaucracy in her own land, »nd ?the book has been prohibited. But she is a loyal and tjpical finssian subject, as this extract proves: — 'We believe, with Goethe, that the Jaest of all governments is that which best teaches s«lf-government, but a permanent head of a strong centralized administration is some times a necessity, even for the development of self- government. In this respect Russia may compare favourably with England, tor we have rural mnnicipalitieselected by universal suffrage, established by the Emperor Nicholas.' Amid the mass of misrepresentation which reaches oar \- Press from the Jewish correspondents of foreign journals, it is difficult, to form a true idea of internal .Russia, bat yet it is clear that the liihilists are neither the Liberals nor the Pbilo-Slavs of Kassia. Onr authoress tells us that 'Nihilism is not widely spread in the ? tipper classes, and has no hold on the mass of the people, who are loyal to their Czar and to their faith.' Professor Baines concludes 'What Shakspeare Learnt at School.' The vital difference in the social condition of the ancient and modern world is shown by the contrast between the Lesbiis, Delias, and Corrnnnas of Koman poetry and the Mirandas, Portias, and Imogenes of Shakspeare's dramas. Even in the earlier poems, which owe most to the influence of Ovid, Shakspeare is separated from him by the higher features of the love which he describes. Mr. E. II. Hutton, in u The Atheistic View cf Life,' tries to consider what life will become if Atheism or Agnosticism should ever get complete control of men's vision of the future. ' The human passions themselves are too good, too evil, too noble, too deadly to suit the materialistic evolu tionist's view of them as mere fleeting desires of an ephemeral race. The morality of Atheism cannot approximate towards the highest morality . of the present day, far short as that is of the Christian morality.' Professor Bonamy Price asks—' What is a Bank, and what d«3 it deal in?' and answers the questions clearly and ;. logically. He decs no; see why discount should rise and fall on account of the amount of gold .reserves in the Bank of England. What did the Directors of the Bank of England think of their own pricci|Ie — tbe avowed governor of their practice, at the greatest of crises/thit of May, 1S66? Did they hug every bag of sovereigns ? paid in to them and lock it up in their reserve '? JThey cid the very contrary — they lent it oat again as fast as they could, and thus by their own voluntary action they increased their loans from eighteen millions iu April to thirty three in May — their own act, not payments, bat free tendings, and emptied their reserve from six and a quarter millions to less than one! They knew perfectly well, in the Terr Ueth of the doctrine preached by them selves, the whole city, and every economical journalist, that the };ublic (as in 1825) would have been satisfied with payment is bank-notes. Gold moat be kept, no doubt, for settlement of balance of trade, but that is different from pro portion of gold reserve to liabilities. If five millions is sent to America for corn this yeir, it will all find its way back again, as the Americans have sufficient gold currency. Is there danger or bancraptcy in bavins useful goods with gold locked up in vaaltj ? Is it not , the very object of all money to circulate — of »U currency to run— here to-day, there to ; , morrow? ? Mrs. Oliphant's 'Grievances of Women'1 is i one of the pleasantest articles on the subject we 6ave se«n. She herself would compound for her political disabilities by ceasing to pay rates and \- taxes, but she confesses other people may have loftier aims. And she protests against the ridi cule and contempt poured on women's protests, end especially the dash in their faces of such an epithet as 'the shrieking sisterhood.' 