THE CONCERT TO MADAME SUMMERHAYES. .. The audience assembled at the Masonic Hall last evening had an excellent bill of fare provided for their delectation. The programme commenced with the performance of Schumann's quintette in E flat, for pianoforte, 2 violins, viola,, and violoncello. This great work, dedicated to the author's wife, the accomplished pianiste, who as Clara Week and as Madame or Dr. Clara Schumann, has achieved' so wide a fame, though held in the highest esteem mation among musicians of the present day, had never before been played in this colony, and Madame Summerhayes is to be congratulated in having her name permanently associated with its introduction to the public of Sydney. According to the programme three movements, only were to be given, but, to their credit be it recorded the artist feeling was stronger than the fear of making money piece too long for the audience, and the difficult and about rate scherzo occupied its proper place. We have more than, once protested against the practice of introducing new musical works by fragments, and are therefore the more pleased that on the first rendering -the, great composer had his composition given in, its entirety. Mme. Summerhayes was the pianistes Signor Orton played the first violin, an amateur the second, Herr Her at the viola, Mr. Minto the violoncello.! The opening subject of the allegro brilliante at once arrests! the attention, and it may be safely averred that the interest and attention were thoroughly sustained until the last note had been played. Each movement was warmly received, the weird ghost-like march was given very effectively, the Solitrzo, Molto Vi race was taken at full tempo, and the final allegro was 113 spirited and dashing as the opening. One and all gave their best energies to the work, and it elicited a burst of universal applause. The pianiste was recalled. Miss Carlisle introduced the "Ferrara,"' a waltz arranged as a vocal- solo by Etta, Cello, it is quite new here, although Mdms. Lom mens Sherrington has made it famous at home the same lady sang "The Lost Chord," one of the songs which illustrates in a strong degree the skilful use Sullivan makes of a quasi recitative for the voice, while the accompanist has the ornamentation. Mr. Ezold's piano-was shown to great ¿ 'advantage, and the lady's fine voice found,favour*with her a 'tennis Mina Carlisle was recalled. Mr. Melchior B 'inter sang " M'Spearin Austinmer," from Flotow's . H tartha." His upper notes are very good Miss May It 'a trick was evidently indisposed, and it was a pity that a singer so now -to the public should vote a fire on an appearance when her voice is not rich. as ble. The remaining vocal portion was a quartette! by a Heiren Hegrat, Petsch, Bomofeld, Angel, who sang "Marschnor's Serenade" -unaccompanied, in a tin "-ree Tile and artistic a manner that it was enthusiastically'' encored $ > for 'the repetition part song, " Capelle' by Lieut M rival given. Very few of those who have known Heat L U trot as clarionet player, violets and violinist went! prepare V, 'or the excellent first-ever voice he possesses,, and) which LVs used with so much skill. Signor Orton sole was the 10, Hfhly fantastic, and oxtremely'diuieult solo, "-W Ellis' or 3 pints' Dance." by Bazaar. -Therefore many' opinions a 2 to the merits of this class of music, which pal takes strongly of the musical gymnastic order, but no one is in deny that it is eminently chan>oteristic<of', its title an ?. that the interpretation by the artist was unexceptional V The applause was very-great. T_e>seco_d| part opened with the duet from the " Huguenots "That- berg and Da Br s lot for piano and violin, also played for the first time; Lunn V sPacE prevents our having more than that this noble' music I was ably interpreted by Madame Summer haves and Signor Orton. Owing to sudden illness in his, family Mr. lost or was summoned from the hall, and the ' duet on two plan as was compulsorily omitted. Madame; Summerhayes was' in her best in the save Pianoforte solos, and the super- tone of the Bechstein grand; was never more spread out than during the Rigoletto " selection. The stage was as very badly lighted, and with the three pianos, but scant-, time Price was available for the quartette of stings. The played , however, wore earnest, and their spirit carried them three vVu the difficulties of Schumann. The long sweep of the No we was pleasant to see. The greatest sufferer was the a Va companist, Jwho, unaccustomed 1 to the gloom and apparent, to the singer, was not in the best form. We suspend evil- judgment on this gentleman's powers, until we have hardship under more favourable circumstances. The audience throughout was warmly demonstrative, and Mdme. i.\ff,-mor_ayes was especially signalled for approval. J Signor de Vivo, the agent of Ci says Patti and her com- pany's musical artists, who orent\w\gmng concerts in San Siseo, arrived yesterday by the \PTkip ¿"^Lnv' make arrangements for a series of so WarTS ^P_2£ in Sydney- His expected that MdVpAPatti will arrive' Sydney by the next San Francisco auW/» 