TO '«IE EDITOR Ol' THE CLARENCE -EXAMINER-. Silt,-As.tho tioivj'urlmiiiciit will shortly asseñibl tho dispatch of liusiiiess^it may not ho out of | to direct nttoution to what seems to bo a blot i our electoral system; ;-; A's a matter of fact, tho i ;tdrs throughout tho country havo recently been ci upon to exercise their highest privilogo without iug boforo thom ¡my question of Ministerial polio; properly defined political ? division ; consetpioiitl; the Parliament now'assembling would appear to 1 no special subject to disouss, tho submitting bf ht struct question may not bo inopportune, and may sibly, so far as my prosoiit subject is concerned, ultimately to nu amendment of tho existing olect law, although it bas but recently boon dealt with It is true tho Ministry, if desirous of ascertaii tho vlows of tho pooplo upon their policy, might 1 shadowed forth soino outline of their intended iii cial proposals, .of their .soliemo for oxtensiou of municipal system, and of their intentions as to Land laws. Had this been done; something tiki approach to public opinion might havo boen obtai in sumo of tho country electorates. As it is, howe tho only thing raised for tho delectation of the e tors, und tho perpetuating- of harmonious feoli amongst them hus been tho Lducation ghost-t scare to tho extreme parties, mid to divert nttcnl from Ministerial tblmblc- riggliig and political inc potency. Ciindidntcs liavo, with fow exceptions, shown tl wisdom-as that commodity is valued in Now So Wales-by refraining from coloring upon ground previously trodden by the greater lights and in adroit practitioners in tho political world. Theso thoughts uro, no doubt, patent to tho thii ing portion of the community. My object in this ter is to direct thu attention of thu people, und cs dally thoso in tho country districts, to what is bo carried on under our present Medora! law, tending completely to perpetuate tho baneful influences .centralisation, and thu absolute exultation of Sydi over every othor part of New South Wales. ' The qualification foran elector under our syston based upon tho equality of man, and tho right of ci individual taxpayer to a voico in tho Goveriimo True, wo have not manhood sullrage pure and simp but wo havo that which nearly approaches to Whether manhood suffrage is right or not I am 1 going to discuss ; 1 blind only attempt to deal wi things as wo lind thom, and endeavour to show t unfairness of tho system under which woore, basi my iiriiiimcntB upon tho admitted equality of nil ct tributóla to tho Stato. Tho qualification for electors may bo stated ns ¡ mouths' residence That is, that a man, hoing a ru dent in au electorate ou tho 1st July, and cootie onsly residing thero np to tho 1st Juunnry followin is entitled to havo lils name placed upon tho roll ; b ns tho rolls arc not completed until May following, must actually bo ii resident, therofnio, for ut lea eleven months beforo bo can exercise his vote. I may bo a resident for twenty-three months before i cnn do so. Beside this residence qualification, v havo houshold mid freehold qualifications. Tho form is worked in this way :-A man in December rents houso of thu voltio of £10 per minimi for six month he is entitled to be put on tho roll at once, mid to o croise bis vote, if bo still occupies Ibu houso, ¡minué ntely after tho roll is completed in May, so that th class of voter may oxcrois.0 bis voto after fivo month's residence. Thou, ns to tho frccholdc a man by acquiring tho freehold of laud in nu ole to rate in tho month of December is entitled to 1 placed on tho roll and, although ho may not resido ¡ tho electornto nt any time, vote livo months after tl acquisition of tho laud. 1 wish to be understood ns not Unding fault wit the right of these two latter to their votes. I thin there uro very sound rensons why they should voti but only us I will hereafter indicate. Now these latter qualifications operate chiefly i favour of tho Sydney and suburban electorates, ns will endeavour to show. Tho metropolitan electorates are ns under : Balmain. 2770 oleotors.1 member Canterbury...5121 ".2 " Tho Globe....lUb'7 " ......I " Newtown ...,337(i ,.2 ,, Pn<ldli>gtou...4044 " .2 " Kodferii ......¡MOS) " .2 " East Syduuy.S9!)2 " .4 " WestSydnoy.S127 " .4 " South SydneySS82 .4 " St. Leonards'2717 ,.1 ,, Total.51,705 oloctors... 23 members Or about ono member to every 2218 electors, ns ngaiiis ono member to 1807 for Grafton, one member to 1Ü3I Tho Clarence, and ono to 2(11)2 Tho liichmond-or fo tho three electorates, ono member to 2161 elcotors-tin difibronco between tho metropolitan quota and on ri being but S7 in number. lt will be scon that tho proportion of members t< electors is so closo between tho metropolitan electo rates, and theso that remoteness from tho scat of Go veriiment has not lind much weight in our favour ii deciding upon tho representation. Hut 1 think n careful analysis of tho metropolita!' elcotoral rolls would show that tho ncttuil number ol men qualified to vote upon tho basis of mini's equn rights is far below 51,705-and if some evidence wen needed of this tho not unusual resort for voters tc Hashim's Crook may be quoted. 'Thu IOIIB, however, are mndo up in this way. Take an installée : Mr A. 13. is a freeholder residing nt thc Glebe, and is consequently on that roll. Mr A. ll. is also a non-resident freeholder in thu other niuo elec- torates, hence he is on thc whole ten electoral rolls, mid tho polling places being nil within an easy dis- tance of his abode, ho nt a general election records twenty-three votes against the Grafton voter's-bo ho resident or property holder-ono vote. Somo pcoplo will, no doubt, say that it is right that property should be represented ; no doubt lt should, but that is beside tho question, ns it stands nt pre- sent. lt will bo seen from what I hove endeavoured to iiiiiko clear, what au overwhelming power certain metropolitan electors have outside the political organi- sations which exist thore, and how votes may bo manufactured by theso organisations in anticipation of a general election, may easily bo imagined from what I havo pointed ont. The efl'uot of those upon thc country districts we havo bad end experience of. Then it may be said what is the remedy? Thorn aro no doubt several remedies, somo of which would hoof too violent a character; but faking tho prin- ciple upon which our system is based, and working it in its integrity, every elector should bo restricted to a voto for members of the Assombly in tho olectorato in which ho resides, und that such volo should bo given only to ono candidato. This, of course, would uucessitiito tho abolition of tho objectionable £40 clause, and would, I believe, bnvo tho effect of putting il stop to tho pernicious system of canvassing so con- trary to tho ti no principios of tho ballot. Tho representation of property should not bo lost sight of, but it is a subject which has no connection with this, and must bo provided for cither in our i oleotoral system for tho Legislativo Council, or in a ' system of Shira Councils charged with tho power of , levying taxes upon property for its improvement ; in I tho latter casu the voting power, ns now in tho Muni, eipalities, should bo on the cumulative principle. I Thus wo should havo in tho ono caso mon represen- ted, and in tho other men's wealth, both nf which avo necessary for tho wolMioing of the Stato, mid nt tho same timo tho centralizing influences shorn nf sninc of that power which has not hitherto been manifested in dealing ont justice to Ibo country dis- tricts, unless whore it lins been confronted in respect of somo districts by tho equally pernicious system of " log-rolling," and what is more, tho voters individual opinions would bo obtained in his voting for tho man of his dioico, and not tho " tag-rag and hnh-iall " thnt political organisations pin on to tho tail of a popu- lar man, or to oneil other asa "bunch," whiio nil soctions of tho community would, undoubtedly, bo represented-not, an now, tho minority loft unrepre- sented.-Yours, &c.; VI ATO] i. 