"UNDERGROUND JERUSALEM." The second of a course of winter lectures in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association of Adelaide was given by the Rev. W- B. Fletcher, M.A., in the Town Hall, on Thursday evening, July 21. The subject was ••Underground Jerusalem." Notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the weather tbe atten dance waa excellent. Hia Excellency tbe Governor occupied tbe chair. Hia E_c__j__nct, before calling on the lecturer, -aid be felt peculiar pleasure in being present on that occasion, not oolyonaocountof tbe surpassing interact of the .abject which Mr. Fletcher would lecture upon, but «l_o because to some extent he waa intoreated in the anbjeet, and personally acquainted with many penona who had been associated with recent investigation, in Jerusalem. Sir Henry James and Mr. Fergusson, whose names were well known in connection with this question, Captain Wilson, Captain Warren, who had since di-tingnished _______ greatly aa the administrator of the Government of Griqua Land West during very troublesome times, and others wbo had been identified with this subject, were all either personal friends of his own, or had worked with him as officers of the Royal Engineer". Lieutenant Oonder was another, and he might alao refer to those very able non-j commissioned offioers of the Royal Engineers wbo had been in recent times connected with the excavations at Jerusalem. Mr. Fergusson. whose name tbey were co well acquainted with, started a theory of hia own with regard to the poaitioa of the Holy Sepulchre and of tho Tample. He (Hi* Excellency) knew Mr. Fer guson very wen indeed, having been inimately associated with bim in various matters. Mr. Ferguaaoa alio started the theory of fortification. Having had a good deal of conversation with him he (Hi. Excellency) thought be had been living at Jerusalem a considerable portion of bis life. They might imagine bis surprise on finding that although Mr. Ferguson had written ao many books on Jerusalem and had started theso taeorie*. he had nevertheless never beea near the place. The whole of bis theory wa* founded on the vary remarkable faoulty be possessed of con jecture, which of course once adopted requited that the facte should be fitted to it, and if they would not no fit, then aa Talleyrand aaid, "So much the worse for tbe facts." (Laughter.) But Mr. Ferguson afterwards did go to Jero-alem, with the view of corroborating the views he hail published, and when he came back he told him (tiie Governor) that everything he had seeu in the coarse of his investigations in the Holy City tended to confirm the views that he had pre viously expressed. Now Mr. Fletcher was not by any means Buffering under the disadvantage which Mr. Fergusson labored with. He bad spent a considerable time in Jerusalem, and therefore he wa. well able to apeak from abaolnte knowledge and experience. He (His Excellency) wa* cure that on that account, a* well as Mr. Fletcher*, well-known ability as a leetnrer.be wonld treat his anbject iv such a manner that the audience would listen to it with the greatest satisfaction and pleasure. (Applause.) Mr. FiJ_r_HK., who wa* received with ap plaoae, then delivered bis lecture. He -aid — The subject which I have selected for my leotore this evening is one which poaesaea no email amount of interest, but it is beset with many difficulties. Its interest is *o keen that I may even go further and aeek a stronger ward, ana speak of it as an absorbing fascination. A* for it* difficulties, I do not think much of them, fori hold that difficulty is in itself attractive. No BngUahmaa, be he soldier or politician or nran:--.!-., or lecturer, ought to be afraid of any thing that has to be overcome. To conquer is the inherited prerogative of a Briton, whether it ba ih' the 'battlefield or in the mire peaceful enterprises of exploration, or in the realms of pdC-ooal experience. I have a difficult theme, bat I njean to try, and I aieau to suocsed, in ■qamag it not ouly interesting bat attractive. First, let me explain the title of my lecture — — l^nd-rgroqnd Jerusalem." A Cl _* •* nsuxlly above ground—at least that is tbe case ia Aus tralia. To speak of a city as "underground" woold be aa anomaly. There is no underground Adelaide except on paper in tbe elaborate plans for tbe new system of drainage. It is not so, bowev-r, with Jerusalem. Tne modern city lies not only on tbe ruin* of an ancieut city, but upon the accumulated debris of seven aepatmte and distinct cities. Jerusalem has beea beseiged no fewer than twenty-.even times, and in tbe course of this chequered history has been fre quently not only captured but destroyed. Let me call to mind a few of these changes. We go backr about 2,900 yean, and we fiud the site of the city in possession of the Canaan ite tribe of Jebusitas, and David srith hi* mighty men of valor beaeiging it, and srith difficulty dislodging iv def-adem, who are fighting from tbe top of the lofty walls and h-ttiemsnts. David, after he ljmjf ctptqred the pl^ea, did *.d*_ d<_«___r the oity, but so enlarged it aqd built upon it tbat it tnU-t have seenied quite anew pace. After him MineSciamoa.t-ie most ambitious Master Mason in all history, who erected the Temple and the Golden Houaa and numerous palaces. That city wa* ultimately attacked, taken, burnt, and deaCroyed by the Babylonians, and, as we read in Je__-__--** Lamentation*, nothing wa* left ■area heap of aaaoke-blackaoad ruins—wall., pajaoe*, hotuas, Temple, ati_were gone. The ex-Les returned from Babylon, and aboat 2.300 years ago began again to baild, levelling tbe ground where it wa* uneven, and using dp old ht*ter_--_* This second city wa* exposed to igany change. -? fortune during the years which jflqporri between the Old and New Teotameot period _ It wa* not, however, rased to tbe ground, but cotitinnnd to grow until tiie time ef Herod the Great. That monarch wa* fired with an ambition to eclipse King Solomon as a builder, and. daring hi* reign, and for many years after, old hoo-es weee being palled down aad new one* pat ap. The Temple wa* re-erecte-l piece by piece, and tbe ■brine waa sarroanded b/a vast and gorgeous system of oo«wt? ahd 'colooilada*. Herod's TeinpU. far adrpsaaed in glory and beauty and rfbe'the Temple of Solomon, bat a* n further pdxde foe architect, it was built ia tha Roman ■tyle, with Corinthian Column. Thi. was tbe city oh' which Jcooa looked, 'and I doubt if at that time there was one building standi _g on winch David's eye*' had rested. Thi. wa. the city which Tito* atteolp^. and thia the city Jtmeh the Bo'mah' armlei redaied te utter'deso lation ahd ram. Bat again it arose from it* aaha*, ate* tin* tim* the Koman* kh-_-_elvea be baildete, patting npbeatheii temples od Che tsficod ritos, aid awi^g ia their ooastruc tion ftagnjents of -Xerod's struetares. Same years after thi* it appears in history as a Qhris |i^n oity, Oqd during ti)e age of Conatantine a violent ba-di-g fever broke oqt, aad the place hecanie adorned with vast aud splendid church-.. We read of no fewer than five which were clustered aboat tbe reputed tomb of Jesus. Bat vain coma* the beeotn of destruction, wielded by the iconoclastic baud* of Mohamme dan eonqoeron and intrader*, andthesecbarohas utterly vaaiah from view, or are commonly thought to have done-o, srith one notable excep tion. Four hundred year* pass on, and mean wh?e there U_-ri*ing another pile' of Christian tr_Haio^B.n the irtstern plart of tiie ci^r.over iidd arOnnd'a slew sepulchre'and a new Calvary. l%en oo'ate tba Oro-adera, and when they have gqt Da*se«_ion of tlje oi(y ttjey augment their flaJmie* ahardnea, and pat ap qaartee* for the Hospitaller Knights on the one side, and for the Tea-ob-a oa the other, again using op old material. Brewhile the Modem* coma back apin,-he rich palace* of the knights disappear from view, and diver* ir.oaqin* arise on all hand*, in t§e oan*tract-oa of which the old t ragmeat* Ef ff_._ni-i*i''. Herodian, Roman,Ohrutiaa, aad Onu-der*' buildings are nude to do duty, some fw'tbo foortti or fifth time. Thia. hi the city of to-day. and f tell yog tb^t with toe exception of part of one tower In theOidadal those is not one single building on whifch Jesus looked, you will understand how e<__ipli-at-d is the pox-te when any one attempts to W-ravel the riddleof Jerusalem sites. City lie* above city Hka the atrata of oar bill*, but srith no regularity, and no order of aap-rpontion. Bat,yoa may _ek,W4. not the rubbish cleared k wiyate- __-_-_3_--tlve pdriod?' If thUTowa Ifldl were to'be tbrown}down by au- earthqaake, and a new city hall had to be'pitt'op bya'new. _okydr, we sh-old first clear' the Bite aod cart away tbe f ragoaentsi The objection is natural, I bait we must remember that we are Of European Aaocent, and bay- idea* of order «.ud eldanlioeas jfopjiiahOrienM-i aea'qaite strange. I myself ??W fa Cairo a new house going ap oa an old site, and instead of removing the remnants of tbeJfaUen skmeture tbe rubbish was levelled, firmly battered doom, aad a new foundation *fpi\? aome teet above the fori-jar. In *^ditina tothis sv-jnast hot forget this 'peculiar confor mation of Jerusalem, about wbich I must now sky a few woods. " Jekqaalem ia a mountain city and is built upon two .teephill-fla-umifcs. Irnagineyourselves upon tba wateqbed of' a hilly country. The ground tl* |<iU**lily ley al. Mid yoi^ observe two slight danre- non* wbich are tending toward* the Boqti}- They are tjbont tne miles apart. These dapciion* rapidly deepen aud becoiqe gifllia. or gwgaa. Down theaa raviae_;t_-.>ateM rush in foa-aing torrent, in winter, but in .ummer they are aa dry asthe Torrens. Standing in either of these gn_ti-B|au have to look ap on each side at ■teep bill atop-*, while the hill that lies between tbem ia move like a rocky cliff than anything else. After about three miles from their soarcs one gf tb*eo fulljte?tddw-lyt?ffttto the out aad I joins theother, thus cutting off t'tc -_<<-•■.-. -m> -_: hill. The united streams tben turn >>'_ :-;.-_,:;< -eastward andgo tumbling down through the wil derness of Judah into tbe Dead Sea. Now it is on this hill that the «ity is bail t, and you will see from my description that every ! side except the north is flanked by steep preci pices, not very high certainly, but awkward to climb. The eastern valley is called the Valley of Jehoshaphat or of the Kidron, while that which runs along the western aud southern sides is the Valley of Gihon or Hinnom. To make tbe site more secure and to add to tbe puttie of antiquaries this hill was cut in two by another and smaller ravine, very narrow and very deep, which ran up from the aame corner right into the heart of the city. This was called the Tyropojin Valley. The place was thus divided into two halves, that on the one sidebeing Jerusalem properaad thatoo theother the Tern pie Hill, while that same valley divided both these hills, from some lesser elevations on the north. Now these gullies, and especially the TyropuiMi, were convenient receptacle, for million, of tons of rubbish; in fact the Tyropo-in has been co com pletely filled up that the casual stranger asks iv vain where it is, aud can only find visible traces of it near its month. If you remember this carious site, and keep in mind the fact that that site has been the building ground of seven sets of builders, and further do not forget that it is very difficult to get materials up to Jerusalem, and that the lime stone of the city ia admirable bnilding -toon, you may well imagine that underground Jeru salem is a complicated and awkward puzzle. In some places there are no fewer than 100 feat of rubbish upon tbe old rock b-ttom ; ia others not ao much, while in others tbe rock itself protrudes. Being limestone, and there being but a deficient arrangement for water supply, the whole site is honeyooinbed with ctverus, tunnels, passages, cisterns, vaults, and cellars, soma natural and some artificial, aud aome both. No one knows comp'etoly where the water gaes which runs away from the atreets, and no one can fathom the question of deep drainage, lv fact, the -abstraction* of the modern city contain- reservoirs which are filled with the vilest and most filthy garbage, and our explorers have had not only to be men of in domitable courage but possessed of a peculiar mastery over their sense of smell to avoid being ignominiously defeated by a resurgent army of stink*. Let me draw upon my personal experiences to give you a glimpse of underground Jeru salem as I saw it oue Sunday afternoon. To understand my story you must remember two tilings. Ist. Tbe fact that the roads about Jerusalem are and always were steep aud bad. for the glens to the east and the west are aa steep la* the road to the Bagle-on-the-Hill. and hence wereawkwardifnotimpcaoticablefarthepaasage lof heavy weights. 2nd. The historian in the Book of King* tells ua that when Solomon built tbe Temple there was beard noaouod of hammer; that is that the stones were brought to the rite from some quarry already dressed. There is living in Jerusalem aa eccentric antiquary, by name Saphira, whose knowledge of history and language, ia very extensive, though his mastery over pronunciation is, to aay tbe lent of it. un certain and peculiar. He proposed to myself and two other friends to give us. hi. guidance on the Sunday in questiou, not telling us where he was going to take us. We met him at his house, and we saw him fill his pockett with candles, and take under his arm a great pile of old Hebrew books, of which we relieved bim. He was terribly voluble in hi. broken English, but very taciturn as to his plan* for our ediheation. We passed from the Jaffa gate along the top ot the wall northward. The walk was intensely interesting, but tbe dimbtug that was requisite was such that nervous penoa. would have been safer below, for tke terrace on the wall it of alt •jrts of height*. We descended at the Damascus gate, and passed along the outside of the wall for a couple of hundred yard.. Then we came upon a heap of modern rubbish, and a heap of that kind iv Jerusalem is the most vile and mil odorous com pound imaginable. Picking our way, we came to a small hole in the wall, about two feet nigh. Here we stooped, and our friend, getting oat his candles, lighted tbem, and gave two of them to each of us. To get in we bad to creep on all fours over tbe savory mass of rubbish, and then found ourselves io a ctv.rn which was formed like a slit in the rock, for though wide it was only about two foot high, and sloped rapidly downwards. Progress would have been difficult, but we found a trench cut in the floor, which added another two feet to the available height. This trench was cut for the Prince of Wales wben he visited theeity, for whom a royal road was Urns _____ into these region, of underground Jerusalem. I quote the remainder of tbe .tory from my diary.- —" After about 50 feet of thi. low-roofed passage we found ouroelva. in a vast and vague hall, ap parently of native rack—a cave which in the dim light wet oould «cc ran hither and thither into abysses of gloom Bade pillars or piers 1 supported the ca*f, and rode arobet gave -en trance into mysterious cavernous depths beyond. We wandered on foroome time till wo aame to one .pot which oar guide knew to be the mist imposing in it* aspest, and when the fljor bulged upward into aaort of low hillock. Here we halted, and we aaw our guile, who all the time kept up an incessant chatter of team id broken English, begin to tear op hi. old Hebrew books and make a bonfire. Tbo firelight penetrated into depth, beyond depths of the shade around, aud as the tongues of flame shot up oar n)_gnified ahadotM vera thrown oq to* the distant walls till it seemed as we were bring engirded by tha haunting spirit, of tha place, and had «<ra_u_ the sleepy ghoota of Hides. We eat dowa by the fire, and soma of the party lighted their cigar, at its ember, to keep the ghost* at a respectful distance. The scene I shall never forget. Tbe fltme kept crawling over the venerable pages of Hebrew rubbish which were being thrown to feed them, and cried for more an. yet mare.' The antiquary himself was1 no voluble an_ so aapremaly bappy that he cauld hardly get his word* out fast enough as he kept reply-ng t. our numerous qaeries .boat the plate, the Temple, the successive races of builderj, aud the traditions of Jews aud Moslem.. Our faces were glowing srith ruddy light aad dishing with cariosity as well a* with fire. Vfe were underneath a. bqsy City, bat all wa* still as the grave. It' was a wild and uuea-thly region, aud it was a strange boincideatse that thereof all places, there in tbo Temple qaarries, we should Bit and taHtnrpond an altar fire ofold tfebrew boob.**-' "Wut was ' this - placer* -asks -one of us. " There' is no donbt," replies our friend, "th^t these oarerqs are all artificial, or bave beea' so uqmeasely en larged byhtnqau' batidsti"_t vre tq^ycall tbem artificial. I believe they are the work of tbo Temple builders, who got their stones from here. I will show you some presently, in litu, which are only naif-cut out of tbe rock." " But why not tiie work of Herod* builder* as well.:''' asks another . For thes* reasons Unless the ! Booth-west angle of the Haraam is Herod's work, he did not use such large stone, us found here aad as 3olou,ia employed, aud oven it be did build that famous angle he had plenty of -tekaacA's stouten ready to hand.'' ** Bat bow did theyget them ?at when they bed cut tbem. *•"*■ said practical Mr'. York, remembering bis expe rience of the narrow -taping " They got than; up a* the other end where there were vents in tbe roof, and it may be that they had a connection of caverns right op to the Temple area, for the whole hill it honeycombed with them. They wrought down here ia aeeret, no Bound of hammer or chisel waa heard. Their enemies knew not what they were doing, and the Temple arose" as by magic." " But how far doe* this place extend." asked I, remembering with sceptical pertinacity that the Temple area wm some distance off, aod' that the Iteol cf Beth-sda Isjybpt^eei} us qnd {beOdtqeO-' the Rock. it haa never been properly explored. It ends iv a deep well whioh is filled by water trickling down from same other cistern, aad cesspools. Theotherend of it seems to have been appropriated as cistern., _md cellar., and co pool* by the intervening bouse*. As for the Pool of Bethesda, no one ipiot_« ta Hate, tt miy be, 4114 probably t_u,V*>o*terior to and destrAc tive of the sodthern cud of these caverns, or probably it 'was 'itself part of these qam-ies." I was not quite satisfied, nor am I yet, but that is the chronic condition of ovary oue who ventures into the unfathomable mysteries of underground Jerusalem. MeanifhUe oi^r (.rt. burnt low.' % te gbQst.y eltaddwa started into sudd-u prominence aud as quickly vanished, as the last fragments of tbe immolated Hebrew literature were consumed, aud we wandered' on leaving a dull red core of ashes to guide us back ou our return. Where we went I know not. I remember but _wq things, one is looking ttt the evid6-.-4a._s of qaai_Y__3u"s labor iv the form of huge hklf-detached blocks, measuring about 20 feet long by 3 or 4 high, aud other well defined places showing whence other blocks had been cut away by wet wooden wedges. And thesa were the stones of the T-tUpl- builders ' Qere the home and the workshop of the brethren of the 'first*-known l^asbnic baud! h\eta the womb of thearchitoctural glories of the holy city! j^t the extreme limit of our sq .terrauean pilgrimage we can.- upon n Urge pond or pool of water, which -coupled the floor of a cleft or chasm. Water waa dripping from all sides into it—aool, dear, and apparently pure. From above cune a ray of light, for here an opening revealed tbe sky overhead. Wa would fain have tasted of tbe clear water, but the bint, of our guide as to it* aavoey origin effectually deterred ua. To ra.uru by some new labyrinth of c'iiubiugs _vi windings, to see afar off ou our left the broken ember, of our fire, to grope our way up the entrance slope, aod to emerge up.n the savory dnngliill under the wall, were the work of another fifteen minutes, and we greeted daylight with delight, yet with the feeling that, our un expected trip into underground Jersuaalem had been a memorable experience which we would not have missed ou any consideration. I may remark in passing that these caverns were only discovered a few years ago, that U just prior to the visit of the Priuce of Wales, aud that no ao- ouut of them is found in some of tbe best known popular books on the curiosities of Jerusalem, eg., " Birtlett*. Walks about Jer______,*' or " Thompson's "band and the Book," or Stanley's "Sinai aud Palestine." Let me now proceed to state to you the pro blems wbich were and still are awaiting solutiou from a more thorough exploration of under ground Jerusalem. Jerusalem is a small city, only about one-quarter the size of South Adelaide, yet it contain* poizles enough to tec the energies of a whole army of antiqaariea with a corps of sappers and miners to help them. 1. There is a great church called the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, where it is said our Lord's body traaplaced, and whence Ho arose. The Bible narrative tells us that. Joseph', garden tomb was outside the wall", but this church is in the heart of thecrowded streets of tbe city, aud tiie possibility of thia church beiug the genuine site depends ou what explo ration underground can tell us of the course of tbe second w?ll. If that wall excluded the cite of the church, then it may possibly be genuine; if it included it, it must be spurious. This first problem may almost be regarded as aettl<_l. The last information tell, at tbat the site was included within tbe embrace of the wall, and so we mnst reject all the venerable traditions that hang around that extraoHiuary el cuter of build ings. 2. The Bible tell us over and over again that there was a great tomb tv Jerusalem called the Tombs of tbo Kings. Eleven kings of J udah aud one priest, Jehorada, (were buried in this sepulchre, it was ou the mount called Zieo. It wa. known in the time of Herod, who opened it and robbed it of aome ot its treasure*. It is now entirely lost. S. Where was Mount -•ion is the next problem. This question may surprise you, for you naturally will reply -fount Zinu wa. the hill on which the T«mpl_ was built. I grant it, but if you look at auy map of modern Jerusalem you will find tbe name Ziou given to that hill on which the Temple was not built. Tbe name Zion in the histories and Psalms mean* thu Temple Hill. In tho later book, it mean* the Western Hill. In Josephus it i. not uaed. Iv the New Testa ment it is only used symbolically, aud iv tbe modern city it mean, what Josepbus calls the upper city." 4. Whore_was the Temple 'i There is a great open platform called the Haraam, or the Noble Sanctuary, on the east aide of the city, adorned with arches, aloovos, fountains, motq aea, and shady trees. In the centre of thia liestbegnuiddome which the AratecallKubct-e*- Sakx-h, or the D.me of tbe Rode, but which we miacall the Mosque of Omar. This platform isarti-cial. At imatenaeoost it has been raised by building massive wall* around a steep hill, and filling up the sides and corner, with earth or with arches. S. me where within those wall, the Temple atood, but if you aik for the exact site. I may tell you that it i. impoasible to answer the question at yet. I cannot take you in one abort hour to every portion of underground Jerusalem, so I will coa Guemyaelf to thi* one apot,tbe famous tlaraam area, where tbe difficulties are greatest, where the interest is most intense, and where the dis coveries are most romantic It is Itere that Oapt. Warren has carried on hia most hazardous enterprises, driving his tnnaela iv all direction-, and bringing to light 00040 most curious fact*. Bat br-fore we go down any of the*, tunnel* it is necessary that we ahoald take another glance at what is above ground. Thi. splcndi area is abjut Id acre, io extent, and measures in round figures 1,860 feet long by 95J broad. Now tha Temple a* given fay Joseptius was square, and measure! -. )0 cables eaoh way. If the cubit be IS inches that will make _-- fe.it, which givoa a space much to* small to lit the vast walls that engird that hill. So the first questioa to decide was whether the great wall was really one wall, or whether it was built at ditfereut times and by dif ferent builders. The search was commenced at the aoath-west angle in the bed of the Ty.jp>eui Valley. Let me take you there before we go below ground, let us look at the spot. Iv coming to it we call in paaaiug to have a t_>_ at the famous Wailing-Plaee of t!u_ Jews. Here is a piece of the old wall presenting the liuest specimen of mural masonry in the world. It ri__? 4_> feet high aui pro-eat* 10 courses of largo .tone* with tqa-onry of a .mailer and mora mo-iefu character above tbem. Tbe wall looks a most mighty .pacin_.ii uf the masonic craft, as indeed it is, but wben ima gination raatifa. that .thorn are 21 m__> eaiifoa. underneath, that we are atand ing upon 89 feet of rubbish, and that on the top of tiie wall atood Herod*, grand build ing—tbe Stoa Basilioa—a* large and as high aa the nave of York Minster, our conception of the industry anl skill of tbe ancient builders receives ao impnlse whioh is bewildering Tbe eoutb eui of .the Waiting-Place is occupied by aa Arab boo*, which ts built afainst the great wall. When I wa* thsre il wasia eoogpaqy with ?q.ther well known Jara sa_sa)~aati-}iiary, Herr .chick. Schick wished to ahu w us the ooatianatian of the masoury behind the hoaa^ bat for a long time the Arabian reaerve of the inmate, would not tolerate o_r Prankish curiosity. Schick than dercd at tbe door with his stick, and after awhile a veiled female was induseJ to come to see who was there. " What do yoa wiut ?" said tbe irascible mttrao. *'Only to ace the stable wall." The request was modest, but neither peua*-ii*_.en«^ nor backsheesh would let .1 in.' We were very a-ixioos to get in, and were meditating what we could do to more the imperturbable damsel, oa* of our party even suggesting a forcible entrance, when her bus baud, Abou Satb, was seen crossing the yard 01 the waiting-place. He let us in at unco, and was proud to do so. As I looked at hiai I un derstood the matter «t onoe. He bad, no objection to hinMelf lotting its in, but his jealous rale over his household would certainly be enforced by the stick, and hi. wife knew better timn to provoke him. Thi* worthy Moslem, ditre^ar-ing bis wife, who dis appeared forthwith, aooku* into a largo, dark •toreroom or atabto. qlong'qne s**ll of which, wben our eye* mete aeatwtoated to tbe gloom, we aaw aq e-nnrm-n* atone, by comparison with whichallt_teoth-« we had nana mem amall. This wa* evidently the liutel of an anntont aad now walled-op gateway. I Wa. unable to see the jatnbs oa which it rests for the pile, of rubbish. Tuia lintel, whioh is a aore puzzle to antiquarioa, is vow ouly about five or six feet from the floor, but the ancient flaw was at least 50 f_.ilo.rcr down. This gateway is eoapnonly known as Barclay. Gate. Just beyond these buildings, and a few yards toward the south, we came upon a level and deserted «pot, choked up with a profane groifth of prickly pears, above wbjah, towers the gigantic maaa-qf tije *qtith-«est corner masonry. Ji;ttiag oiife of the wait are the spring-atones of . au arch 5(1 feet wide, and of vast aiae. This is called R.biosoa's arch, after t_e famous American traveller of that nam*. Thi* arch i« oue of tbe most important point, ia the problem, aud both the Bible and Jotephui lead us to b-liovo that there was a lofty viadi^st leading front tbe Temple to the upper city, across which the Jews retreated whan tbeir Temple wa* burnt, f^ere then wa* the apqt for the explorer*, and here they iqade a, beginning. Aail vow letup tek- yqu c,qo« more into under gtAUud Jerusalem with Warren*, book as oar guide. Warren sunk a series of shafts between the litratmwall and the opposite h-U,*rha_e are the crowded dwellings of the modern Jews. His first shaft was 7- feet from the wall. Now to .ink a shaft aeqiqn to an Australian an easy matte., but I imagine that if .any company of j miners had to sink atid drive through 6. or 100 ! f<jet of roatl metal he would be pu__l_d to know j what to do. Tha stuff, says Warren, runs like water or .and, and the only way to get thfot^gb, ' it is by liuiog tbe w^lls with "woodja . frames or j cjges. T__eseboj;-iawjer<_niadeQ_t?\<>tothreoiuoh j pl_[nk., au4 were four feet in the clear. Let me quote Warren's own word, iiidescribiagtaow he gotou. "Wben we were in very loose .oil, shingle, Ac, we had to drive in woolen fork* and stuff ia brushwood to prevent the mass from slipping; but this did uot always prove successful, especially if tte w,en war. left aa 1,0i,r or t?a to themselves. Tor on coming back a' hole large enough to bury au ox would be found."—Keco.. Jerua., p. 61-2. At a depth of 21 feet Mr. Warren came upon the rocky bottom whioh bad been scarped te form a pier, and on this rock he found three courses of stone*, whioh formed tbe base of the pier er pillar tfhich .imported Robinson's arcll. This was a mast interesting discovery, aud it led to more. Level with this piec Sfasap^ve- I ment laid upon deeper depths of rubbish, aud git thin pavement a namber of great stones which had once formed the arch 23 feet over head The excavator* were not content, but drove down through this paremaut till they came to the bottom rook, in which wa* cat a deep water channel. This channel ran np into the city, aud may probably be identified with that great work of King Heaakiah when "he -topped the uppar watereoarao of Gihon, and brougbt it' ttnpgl-ti to the west ' sido of tbcCity of David." Tlii. oli-inu.!, which was origiually no drain, but rau with _iwi__ water, was arched over, and occasional cistcrus were found along its course, and man-holes or draw-holes left in the roof. In one spot a great stone fram tha arch above _«« found its way down, and having fallen ha* broken in the roof aad got jammed in, and near here is another pavement on th;. rook. A little further on they struck the great wall of the sanctuary sixty feet below the surface, and found even at that depth the same stupendous maionty which is visible above ground. I should weary you if I were to tell you of tbe complicated network of cisterns, passages, drains, aud channels which these intrepid worker, wormed themselves into, and bo I forbear. The discovery of this pier is oue of great importance, for it confirms both Jowphus and the Bible iv their delineation of an elevated roadway from the Temple te the Upper-City. I cannot pretend to carry you into auoh a remote past as a lecturer can whoso theme is astronomy or geology. I have only to deal with dead anl vanished nations, uot dead aud vanished worlds; but the retrospect is sulli ciently bewildering. Let me attempt to c_rry your imaginations back and .ho* you in a his torical light what we bave found. Three thousand years ago the Jebusites held po-weslion of the Upper City, and at that time Arauuab had hi* threshing-floor on tbe Temple 11)11, aud between the two hills was a deep ravine, and along the bottom thereof triokied a. stream of pure water. At that time none of these works existed. Forty years later King David was reigning, and .luring his reign Jerusalem had grown in size, and ou Arauuah'* threshing-floor was placed tbe Tabernacle, for David had purchased the site for his future Temple. A few yoars later King Solomon's masons were at work, and they cut ths deep channel in the rock because they wanted to run their wall across the bed of the stream. They were grand bi _lder_. for tbeir wall wa* built of stooes wbich were from 6 to 80 feet long and about 4 feet high. Along the bottom of the wail ran a road way, and in the roadway were boles down wbieh tiioaueient Jews could drop tbeir buckets into the arched channel of the stream. Remember this, and you will ace a new meauing iv the word. of tho Psalmist—" There i_ a river tbe stream whereof makes glad the city of God." Behind and upon tbe wall were constructed Solomon's palace, and somewhere near tbe Temple, and from the court of tke palace an arched roadway led to the crowded homes ot the people on tbe opposite hillside.. Nearly four hundred year, later behold that viaduct fallen, and when it fell some of its graat atones .mashed in tbe arched ceiling of the watercourse below, and those stooes are there to thi. day. The city was ruined, and the valley filled up with rubbish, as Jeremiah Bays, in that most pathetic book called his Lamenta tion. —"Tbe"Lord hath given ap i.Xt tbe hand of the enemy the walls of the palace..*' ** He bath not withdrawn His hand from destroy ing." *' He hath made the rampart and the wall to lament together.** "He hath thrown down and bath not pitied." Eighty years later we find the people again at work, but what tbey did we do not know ; but 400 years later .till wa find Herod's builders bu*y. He smoothed over tbe rubbish, laid a oew pavement 23 feet above the old road, repaired tiie wall, and ran thence a new viaduct 25 fact higher than the former. Eighty yean later and tiie Roataas came; the city wa* taken, the Temple burnt, and the viaduct fell, and its remains now rest upon the pavement buried underground. Debris began to fill op the valley, and the pier of the arch .ticking np was removed by the Romans or others f.ir building purposes, all ex cept tbe three lower courses, wnieh remain d.-ep down below the sorfaoe to this day, aad another pavement waa laid several feet higher up than tbe lart. This i. the third pavemeut that we bave oome upon in our survey, and on this the old Normtu pilgrims used to "tread, and many bouse, were built thereon. Those boB-M aad walls becoming ruins, their debri. filled tbe valley to IU present beight, which at this point is 45 feet above tbe lowest pavemeut. and deuae thickets of cactua grow where formerly ran a busy street. These details .may perhaps seem dry. but to aay one who h** aay reverence ia bis soul, or who values tbe old Hebrew Bible, they arc of romantic intcreat. The most eloquent commra- Wryoo tiie Scripture* are tbe stones of under ground Jerusalem. The*, excavations were nude to tbe oontb of the Wailing Place, hut equally iuter-.tiug discoveries were made to tho north. I will not give you details, bat will content myself by *?yiag that there Warren came upon another ancient gateway of the Temple area, and tuadiug from tbat a vast arched tunnel large enough for troops to march tbroagh. and loading, litre the viaduct, "to tbe upper city. Thi. phMsge is per haps the una mentioned in Jomphut, whioh we are told -erved a. one means of retreat when the Roman, got poMMsion of the Temple. Here abouts ware disaorered a perfect network of vault., unused citterns, and i«_sag_s,u. di -.crib. which would be impouible. Their Ofi- i. un certain, which is a con veoiou t phra#e in dascrib ing both things aud penons when we are unwill ing toritk an opinion on such dangerous matter-, bat right in the midst of tbem is one fiuo old hall which Warren says is. without doubt, the oM_st .tractate in Jerusalem, and h- hsurds the conjecture, for reason, wtueb nf coarse arc wcraet, that this is an ancient Masonic hall, tl, the atraage vici-situdo. of f ortone! To think that a Hssuuio hill, built ?_ I perl?__?_ me 1 by King Solomon faiqjt_lf t or by Hiram or some other nrkster of tto craft, should be degraded into a mere underground cistern, and thereafter should be even further degraded into a more rubbish hole * On the east aide of the Haraam or Noble Sanctuary, Warren made another curious dis covery. Thai- the atone, that are .till visible above ground are tba admiration of all be holder* and tbe marvel of all engineer., for oue of .boot i* computed to weigh no less than 100 ton*. But our explorers found that there are no fewer, than twenty-one ooaraea ol thi* m**oory bidden underground, each course averaging 3 feet <J io-hoo or 4 feat in height, oo thatfhe buried wall here i« nearly 80 feet high. 1% wm* m-ttor of uncertainty who built the gre^t waif—whether Salomon or Herod -but to put aq end to this uncertainty Warren found near tho bottom oue stone with uncouth Ph-snioiau quarry mark, upou it. You wilt remember that when tbe Temple was being built tbe Maaonic King employed Fbuiai-iau artisan, from Tyre, and here there come, to light a most curious corroboration of the fact. I might extend this lecture till midnight if I were to. go further into detail, so I forbear, and iv coodmio- will de^l with tbe question which yoo m?y naturally ask—Where then wa* .the Temple ? My reply is that Ido not know. Itwassome wh__n iooide that area oalled tiie Har.am, but where is very difficult to decide. The Temple nf Herod was larger than tbat of Solomon, and Josephua tell* us tbat it wa* square, and that it. aids wa* 000 feet, and that from oue of its cloi.ter-.the Stoa Basilica,ran off a noble viaduct to the Upper City. That roadway we have apparently found iv the reatalus of Hubia- oa's arch. It seems then us simple as possible to construct the plan as Mr. Fdguuqa ha* done, and draw a square from tl^e soi*tb-West angle. The corner ha. been found, and every schoolboy can draw a square if you tell him where to begin and how long the side of it must be. But the question ia not ao easy after all. Difficulties crop up as thickset as the prickly pears that encumber the site. ** Wbtvt then be-omes of the rest ofthat great area V" says an objector. " Tt&t; platform, is 1,600 feet long by 2£fl feet wide. Surely the Temple was on the top of the hill, not poke- away in one corner," eiya another. "Captain Warren ".raced the H_raam wall, nearly all round, and has al_qo.it proved to us that the wall is qf quo construc tion, and that Soloo^ou himself built it, aud built it on a v .iter scale than 800 feet or 500 shqrt--bits. Warren found those Piuncician quarry marks at tha south-east corner, and fur thermore proved that there was no break at 600 feet in the southern wall." Says another. "No j architect would build ou the elope of a bill where he would have to put under his enormous shorts j a series of arches and pillars tq, ke„p it up, when he had the cl;ci<y_ of a 'site an the firm rock. Vet this is what ia the case if the Temple be placed in the south- west corner." I grant the difficulties are insuperable and are increased when we read in Josephus that Herod built a great colonnade aloqg th P sou then side, consisting of 40 Ooriutiau columns. I ask any ac-hit~~. if he could manage to apace oat 40 columns of 27 feet in height into a louger length than 600 feet. To make them reach 950 is itq po*sih*e. Bqt the tqvstery i* not 6nde<t yet. Under the dome of tbe Oeutral Mosque is a vast cavernous rook, whioh is the untouched summit of the original hill. That great rook is aonietini-. said to be Bolom-p'* alter of burut-offering, but Ido not know of any statement in the Bible which lead* us to think of a vast, unhewn, irregular, hollow rook as forming any feature in the archi tecture of either the Temple qr its courts," nor do I ace bow it coqld he dovetailed into the rigid mechanical arrangement, of the Jewish ritual. It must indeed have been a atone of .tumbling and a nek of offenqe to Solomoq ln.sui-i. ;v; j .... ~ ,„ l. r ig that tlu-y <"iv U:t ch_:.r it vi. ,i i ■■_ ./„_• before the. b tj build. I confess that I am puzzled. I cannot re concile these difficulties with auy certainty, especially as it would seera that -be Dome is probably a Christian building, and is in tbe form of a tomb. A certain learned antiquary iv Jerusalem said to me, " The longer I live in this city the less I know about it f aud lam dispssod to re-echo his sentiment, and .ay the more I study tbe city the less I-know about it. Facta are multiplying on all bands. The labors of tha Palestine Exploration Society have done wonders, but the key i. still missing. To re construct Jerusalem is like putting together a child*, dissected map wheu tbe chief pieces are ] broken or lost. No two persons who try their band, at the pro blem seem to agree. I bave before me, a. I write this lecture, no fewer than seven different ar rangement, of the puzzle, and I am disposed to add an eighth, for I cannot agree with any one of the seven. The one that ought to be the strongest is to me one of the very weakest, via., that of Captain Warren himself. His (acts are of priceless value, but bis conclusions are feeble. He puts tbe Holy House iv tbe centre, a little s-uth of the great dome, and awkwardly brings that ngly rock right into the chambers of the priests where it would be as much out of place as aa elephant in a parlor. For us. Christians, however, it makes little matter whether we have found tbe true site or not. Oar religion is independent of such fictitious aid*. The numerous facta that have come to light have a wondrous power in illumi nating the sacred story though they are not neceuary for its comprehension. It is a mark of what is childish and primitive in our spiritual conceptions to fancy tbem bound to precise locslities, and, as tho mind of the age expands, it pats away its youthful crutches on. which emotion wan wont to lean. It was so io Hebrew history. Purer was the piety and more divine the fervor of the banished ones in Babylon than of the pros perous denizens of the Kingdom of Judah ere the invader came to destroy the Temple. The dispersed Judaism of to-day is of a higher religious character than the intense fanatical Judaism of Herod's city before the outbreak |of the Roman war. The great temple of all others is tbe human heart, and that may be sanctified anywhere aud at all times. The glory of any material temple exists but as it re . Sects in itself tbe glory of that spiritual edifice 'of faith and hope which God wonld fain ace erected in every soul of man. Oh that we may all learn thia lesson well! Then and not till then will the era of true brotherly sympathy dawn upon the tragic night of human history. Then will the real meaning of Christianity aud of Judaism be understood by tbe world, and their mutual glory be eclipsed by the radianoe of a restored paradise. Then will come to paas what is predicted aa tbe coming down from heaven of "the New Jerusalem, wherein is no temple, for the reason that Jehovah himself ia the temple thereof. Then will the world and tbe church, earth and heaven, be one vast temple, where God aud man will meet in reverent fellowship. Then will tbe scattered fragment, of truth, which now lie buried like the remains of Solomon's temple, here a column, there a capital, there acarveo lily, and there a frag ment of the ancient pavement, be collected together, aad by angelic hands be put together and rise fair aud beautiful in th. eye. of all beholden. The old Templets fallen, is fallen, and Christian scholars quarrel over its anti qaities, aod Jew ah patriot, wail their aad prayer, under it. walls, but it shall yet come to pass that "The Temple again .hall be built And filled as it was of yore. And the burden be lift from the heart of the world, And tiie nations all adore.*' And over that temple gate will be written no inscription forbidding any otranger to enter therein, bat rather the divine inscription of welcome—welcome to all of every kindred and people and tongue ; and without will be found { those and only theme wbo reject the light of j God, and wbo ** lore aud who make a lie." The world may aeem dark as we look out from the i window of our ark Of faith upon ila jinking j creeds, its bigotry and superstition, it. worn-out follies aad terrible quarrels. Tbe nations may furiously rase together, aad the clashing inte rest, of rival eboi-hes may again detage Jeru- j aalein and the Holy Sepulchre with blood, bnt the doluge of .in will yet pea. away, and a* it fades into the infinite pant there will be wen the tbrout- of tbe Eternal Father, and .sound about that throne will be "a rainbow like unto an emerald," and of the whole world it will be -aid, * This is none other than tbe house of God and the gate of heaven." The rev. gentleman was frequently applauded daring the delirery of hi. lecture, .nd at tbe claw a vote of thank, was, on the motion of the Rev. D. Patoo, M.A.; B.D„ seconded by Mr. T. W. Fleming, heartily accorded to him. A vote of thank, to His Ecoaltenay for presiding brought tbe proceeding* to a close. 