ROYAL MARRIAGES [daily news.] The marriage of the King of Spain with an Austrian Archduchess would, some generations ago, have been an event of European importance. Now it has little more than a domestic interest. Even in what may be called Royal ages the influence of Royal marriages was not so great as is sometimes supposed. .. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that one influence balanced another. The King of France gave his daughter to the King of England, and there was peace so long as the wedding festivities lasted, but a quarrel soon arose on questions of dowry or appanage, so that the good old state of international antipathy was not long inter rupted. Indeed it is a sad truth that many a princely wedding of the olden time, designed in honest faith to secure the happiness of neighboring nations, proved only a fruitful source of wars. The hundred years' war with France which our fathers waged, and to which the victory of Crecy and the disaster of Paray alike belong, was the direct issue of the marriage of Edward II with Isabel of France. Doubtless, whether there had been a marriage or not, English and French fishermen would have quarrelled, and England and France would have gone to war with one another. But this is clear— that the marriage was so far from healing existing feuds that it produced fresh ones. To compare small things with great, it is whispered that a recent alliance between the reigning Houses of nations which ought not to be hostile, but which unfortunately are, produced as its chief result a campaign of bickerings and rival claims for precedence. And yet there is one Royal marriage in history which neither English nor Scottish are likely ever to forget, and which humanity itself has reason to remember with thankfulness~— if , at least, our united British civilisation lias conferred some slight service on the world. The Crown of England and Scotland, as every schoolboy knows (but grown-up men occasionally forget), became united in 1603 by reason of a marriage con contracted exactly a century before, between James IV., of the latter kingdom, and Margaret, daughter of Henry VII. Scott has immortalised the one and tho other ; but the Margaret of 'Mariaion,' who wept all alone in Lithgow's bower did, one is glad to find, console herself after the death of her lord at than the Earl of Angua, grandson of 'Bell- the-Cat.' Eurl Archibald married his Royal mistress in the summer of 1514, scarce ten months after her first husband's death; deserted her , about a year later; and was divorced from the Princeas, at her own instance, some ten years afterwards. She, subsequently married Henry Stuart, Lord Moth veu. James VI. of. Scotland and I., of England .was the great grandson of Margaret, .-w well' as of her first two husbands,- Mary Queen of Scots hav ing married her cousin. It has been urged that. James I. was a usurper in law, for Henry VIII. had obtained an Act of Parliament which enabled him to bequeath the Crown to whomsoever he would ; and in his testamen tary dispositions ho preferred the isbuo of his second sister llary to those of tho older Mar garet. Mary's claim is inherited hy the Duke of Buckingham, according to tome authorities, by the Duko of Sutherland according to others. According to Mr. Hallam and common sense, James became King of England because the people of England wished it. But, at all events, the Tudor-Stuart alliance had laid the foundation of his claim, The term 'Royal Marriage,' by the way, as used in our times, is one which, would have been scarcely intelligible to a not verv remote generation ot Jingimfimeii. JLuo rigid liue of demarcation between members of a Eoyal Family and the rest of the community can only be said to date from the Royal Mar riages Act (1772), aa far as this country is concerned. And yet more than a century be fore it had been felt that the Duke of York had done rather a strange thing in marrying the daughter of tho Earl of Clarendon. Lord Clarendon expresses himself in a most remark able manner on the subject of this unlucky marriage, declaring in so many wordB (very coarse words, too) that he had rather his own daughter had stood in a lees lawful relation towards His Royal Highness. Lord Claren don, be it remembered, was a procisian and a devout member of the Church of England. Once, however, the marriage was concluded, no attempt was made to annul it, and Charles hastened to accord his mster-in-law all tho honors that were her due. As for James, he lost little time in deserting his very plain wife for a still plainer mistress. In spite of such unpleasant facts thero has been not a little of romance in the marriage history of our various Royal families, which again are all linkod one to another, so that the blood of Alfred flows in the veins of the Prince of Wales. George III. fell in love with the Princess Charlotte of Mecklenburg from seeing a very pretty and proper letter that young lady had written to Frederick the Great of Prussia, entreating him to do his best to put a stop to the Seven V cars' war. Ill-natured persons have said the King winced when he first contemplated the homely features of his bride ; if so his conduct during half a century of married life is even more honorable to him than is coinrnonly' supposed. Certainly he contrasts very favor ably with Henry VIII., who, on seeing a picture of Anno of Cleves (by Hans Holbein), determined to a»k her in marriage of tho Duke, her father. Tho Duke agreed with alacrity' and the Princess was sent over to England at once. Henry was so impatient to behold his affianced bride that he went incognito to Rochester to get a sight of her. His Majesty was ungallant enough to see neither beauty nor grace in the original of the portrait which had charmed him, and when he further dis covered th»t the young lady spoke no language but Dutch (of which he was wholly ignorant himself), ho vented his feelings in rather decisive language. Ho gloomily admitted, however, to Cromwell that since matters had gone eo far ' he must put his neck into the yoke.' Cromwell had negotiated the marriage, and did not at all liko his masters looks on that cold January morning of 1540. He was beheaded in July of the same year. Poor Anno had been divorced a few days previously on the pretest of a previous contract botwuun herself and the Marquis of Lorraine. The arrangement, however, wan a perfectly friendly one. Tho King adopted hia ex- wife as hh niEter, and settled on her a pension of £3000 a year (equal to at leaet i'30,eO0 of our money) Anno continued to live quietly in England, and in about eighteen months' timo learned that her successor in Henry's affections had perished on tho scaffold. It was ' a most respectable family,' would have been Tliackqray'r verdict on' 'tho.-' House ? of Tudor. Mary,: second sister of Henry VIII., as above mentioned, was married to Louis XII. 'of Franco- on October 9,1514. Louis died in tho January following. In February Mary accepted tho hand of Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk. Henry remon strated, when his sister replied that she had married once to please him, and now she had married to' please herself.' Lady Jano' Grey was the granddnughter of this high-spirited lady (by tho Suffolk ', marriage). Poor Lady Jane was not allowed to ' please herself.' She Wfishufe Ifi 'WllPT* Tl(»T» T*f-1n.f.tT7nO fnw»o/T unnn Iiah a petulant boy of 17 as her husband. Tha wedding took place 25th May, 1553 ; 'and the Lady Jane was proclaimed Queen on the 10th of July. Almost 'the' .inly incident of this short and unhappy union was a quarrel be tween herself and Guildfori Dudley on the question as to whether- he was to be called King. She gravoly said that the kingly style was not a thing to be trifled with; and plainly hinted that in .any case she meant to ' ex ercise the authority it implied; ^ Nevertheless she consented: to allow7 Guildford: to be 'ad dressed aa 'Your. .Grace.'''' As the reign of Jane scarcely lasted a week, the. question seema trivial enough; yet its discussion had no doubt an important bearing on \ the central fact of the next reign, the 'marriage between Mary and Philip of Spain'; This alliance was looked upon suspiciously in England ?; '?- and- the Commons .even sent a Committee of .' their House to remonstrate with the. Queen... ' Mary replied by dissolving Parliament; hut- the lesson had not' beon ' lost, on her or'her. coun sellors. Philip indeed was accorded the Royal style, hut excluded from- all share in the go vernment. How much theso arrangements are based on convenience rather than on. strict adherence to legitimate right . may be ? soon from the fact that in the case of William and Mary exactly the opposite policy was adopted by Parliament. Mary was constituted nomi nal Queen Regnant, but the government waa vested in 'William alone. Yet tho. claim of 'William to roign was, if anything, 8lighter than that of Philip. Prince George of. Denmark never claimed oither honors or respect in' right of hia wife's Crown. On Queen Anne's corona tion-day he rendered her homage (for his Dukedom, of Cumberland):' After the banquet (and,, one may suppose, his usual three bottles) ho asked her , Majesty if she had any com mands to lay on him. 'Yes, that you do straightway repair to bed,' laughingly replied the Queen. ??: They seem to .have! lived :very happily together ; possibly both;wero entirely .deyoidiof , Idealism — not to put toofine a point oh the matter. '' I have tried Prince George sober,' said' Charle3 II., 'and I have tried him' 'drank; and : druhk: 'or sober ?' 'there 'is nothing; in: him.' .Scarcely more i flattering opinions were passed on Anne by contempora ries. ..Exactly three, months after her . hus band's death tho Queen, wan compelled to re ceive addresses from both Houses of Parlia ment urging her to marry again. However, she declined. Needless to say, Parliament had grown bolder since Elizabeth's time. ? That | Sovereign sharply chid her own House, of Commons, on a simil.tr occasion, for presuming to meddle with matters which were above their comprehension. An unfortunate man who advocated the necessity of a Roj-al mar riage about the same time was dealt with by tho Star Chamber and sentenced to lose his right hand. As soon as it had been struck off, he seized his hat with his left hand, waved it above his head, and shouted, ' God save Queen Elizabeth I' The feeling which prompted poor Stuhbs has - at times betn termed loyalty, at others servility. The younger sons of kings have at all times had a dangerous tendency to contract mesalli ances. Kings themselves have rarely had the nerve to do so. though the n-finfc .Timt.inmin «*r poused a lady whose antecedents were some what dubiouB ; and Poter the Great married one whose antecedents were perfectly clear. Neither the one aliance nor the other can be said to have had any very important effects ; but there are two which have exercised a sin gular influence on the course of our own his tory. They are, indeed, scarcely ' Royal I marriages' in the strict Eense of the words, for obvious reasons, yet they were both ratified in memoralile ways. ' Arietta's pretty feet twink ling in the brook' gave Robert the Devil an heir ; and William tho Bastard, having asserted his right to Normandy, made good his right to England as well. Again, the ono ghost of a claim which Henry of Richmond could asserted to the Crown of EugUnd w-« derived from tho union ox John of Gaunt with Catherine Swyn ford, a union only legitimated hy Act of Parliament in tho reign of Henry IV. Butfor fair Catherine Swynford, that famous Prince might novcr have arisen who was destined to destroy tho feudal tyranny and make England one, in deed as well as name. 