STATISTICS OF MARINE CASUALTIES. The statistics of marine casualties are of special and growing importance at the present time, when marine architecture has undergone, and is still undergoing, a complete transformation, when speed has taken the place of slowness, and iron has been substituted for wood. The ramifications of the institution known as "Lloyd's" enables an almost unerring guide to be obtained to sea disasters. Scarcely a port of any note throughout the world is without "Lloyd's Agent," and in consequence a disaster—whether of the greatest magnitude, like the strand- ing of the Sorata at the entrance to Backstairs Passage, or one involving merely the loss of a small fishing smack— is immediately reported to the head office in London, and an annual return is thence compiled, which gives a complete history of the casualties of the sea. So far as the loss of life is concerned the chronicle is satisfactory, since it Bhow3 a large decline in the average of deaths at sea during the last thirteen yeara. From 18(56 to 1878 the annual average of lives lost, so far as reported, in sailing and steam vessels of all kinds of build, was 1,784. In 1879 the number only reached 1,662. Large as this number is, the decrease is satisfactory, as furnishing a proof that the appliances for saving life are increasing in much the same ratio as the number of ships is growing. If, however, the average of the eight years preceding 1879 only is taken, the decrease is even more marked, the average during those periods being as high as 1,826, as against 1662 in 1879. Taking another view of the same question, the number of crews reported saved or drowned on the occurrence of accidents at Bea, the figures, are equally satisfactory, 946 sailing and 67 steamers being the average reported as having their crews saved between 18CG and 1878, whilst in 1879 the numbera were 1,026 of the former and 119 of the latter. The average number of those witk crews reported drowned shows not so much difference, being as high as 95 sailing vessels and 8 steamers, against 93 and 8 in the previous thirteen years. If, however, we only take the prior seven years, the average numbera were 131 and 14. Whilst the death-rate is so far satisfac tory, tb«.i»crease in Bpeed, and the neces sity for 'driving,' in order to compete with the present opposition in the business of the sea, shows itself in an unsatisfactory manner in another way. Collisions to Bailing vessels in 1879 numbered 2,060, or 174 above the average of the previous thirteen years ; whilst 1,001 steamers came into collision in 1879, against an average of 394 in the previous thirteen years, or an increase of C07, equal to an increase of 9-23 per cent for sailing vessels and 64*91 for steamers. If a comparison is taken between 1878 and 1879 the increase is not so marked, the percentage of colli sions in 1S79 in excess of the previous year being only 15 08 for sailing vessels i and 19 '74 per cent for steamers. There is no doubt that the increased rcla tions between foreign ports and the supposed necessity for performing [ the voyage ' with dispatch' is a ' prolific Eource of collision- General ? casualties in the same period abo show aa j advance in about the same ratio. During j the year 1879 there were 7S8 more sailing J vessels and 734 more steamers subjected to casualty than in the year 1S78. According to the most recent returns | compiled by the Register - General j of the Bureau Veritas in France, j the number of seagoing sailing vessel existing in 1S79 was 49,024- measuring 14,103,005 tons, showing a de crease of 5U0 vessels and 213,825 tons. Whilst sailing ships show such a marked decrease, steamers have increased by 435 vessels, the total number being 5,897, of a gross tonnage of 6,179,935 ton3. It is clear from these figures that whilst sailing ships are both smaller in carrying capacity and fewer in number, steamers are largely in creasing in both. Such a result i3 a sure index of the revolution which ha3 gradually been taking place ia shipping, due to the increased competition and to the desire to effect spredy voyages. To sb'U further show the gradual decadence of wooden vessels and the corresponding advance in iron shipbuilding a most in teresting statement issued by the ? com mittee of Lloyd's may be quoted. From the return mentioned it appears ' that while the number of steamers returned as 'lost, broken np, &c.;,' during 1879 was only 151, the new steamers classed by the Society during the year wero ool, measuring 451,130 tons ; 821 sailing vessels are returned a3 loat, broken up, &c;, measuring 189,533 tons ; while enly 170 i)c*?i- sailing vessels were classed by the Society during the year, measuring J 70.208 tons.' j The table in the return showing tke I percentage of eeriou3 casualties upon i annual totals is interesting aa evidence of ! the relative safety of wooden and iron j vessels under certain conditions of peril, j In sailing vessels, from serious casualties occurring in collision, the percentage is 20f»8 in wooden vessels to 30'll in iron ; 25-70 per cent, of serious casualties 00- | curred in wooden vessels through strand- j ing to 2G *0S per cent, in iron vessels ; 0*70 per cent in the former and 1*92 per cent, in the latter gives the average per centage of casualties from leakage, whilst from other causes the percentage is 43 '87 in wooden tb 41 89 in iron vessels. It will be seen from these figures that whilst a wooden vessel is safer in cases of collision and when stranded iron vessels are more secure from leakage. The number of missing vessels is also less during 1879 than in the previous thirteen years, the figures being 65 Bailing vessels and C steamers against the average during the latter period of 88 sailing vessels and 9 steamers. This satisfactory result is doubt less the outcome of the steps taken to ensure better processes of loading, equipment, j and general seaworthiness, in securing which Mr. S. Plimsoll has borne no mean part. Considering the increase in the number of steamers, the accidents which occur by fire are less numerous than might be anticipated, the total average of fires in sailing vessels and steamers during 13 years prior to 1878 being 190, against 189 in 1879 ; of this number, 73 occurred oa steamers, as against an average of 49 for the previous 13 years period. Notwith standicg the foregoing figures, which as regards Ios3 of life are most satisfactory, the percentage of shipping casualties of all kind3 to the number of existing vessels is very much larger than it should be, and unpleasantly proves that what in common language may be called trying to cut the corners off is as dangerous at sea as on land. Of sailing vessels 20 42 percent, of all 3ea-going craft met with accidents more or less Bevere in 1879, and during the same period 56 '38 per cent, of all the- steamers fur nished a series of items for Lloyd's casualty-list. It is difficult to account for many of the disasters which occur. No one who saw the Sorata leaving port a few days ago could have predicted that in a Emooth sea and on a fine night she would go ashore. Nothing can, how ever, be more assuring to voyagers by water than to learn by the figures of the return before us that not withstanding the large percentage of dis asters, human life is becoming more secure year by year, and that no stone is being left unturned by which a further re duction can be made in the column of I033 of life at sea. The Gauge of the Main Northern Railway. — Our Jamestown contemporary lashes himself into a state of frenzied ex- citement over our recent articles urging the importance of making uniform the gauge of the main trunk railway running northward through the continent, and destined at some future time to con- nect Adelaide with Port Darwin. He sees in the proposition a "tremendously audacious" scheme for advancing the interests of the metropolis at the expense of Ports Pirie and Augusta, whose commerce, if our recommendation were adopted, would be practically ignored, and their development crippled in the most abominably unjust way. Indeed, the language in which our action is denounced is throughout so absurdly extravagant that an air of unreality is given to the Review's opposition to what we have advanced. There is far more of the rant and fustian of the advocate, who is bound to say something, even though he knows he has a hopelessly bad case, than the sober and earnest reasoning which springs from conviction. To judge from what is said, it might be thought that we were doing an outrageous thing in recognising Adelaide as the capital of South Aus tralia. It may be a reason for national regret that it should be so — that James town is not and never can be the metro polis of the colony, but we have to deal with facts as they are. No doubt if our contemporary is right in speaking of the Transcontinental Railway as a vague dream of infatuated visionaries, the arguments we have advanced in favour of retain ing the broad gauge upon the line between Terowie and Farina loses some, although certainly not all, of its force ; but the number of those who look forward to the accomplishment of this great work before many years are over is far greater than he professes to imagine. When that work is com- pleted its chief value as a through route will be in the facilities it affords for pas- sengers ; and what satisfactory facilities, we would ask, can possibly be given by a light railway upon the narrow gauge ? In the change we advocated we had in view national interests, and not the interests of particular localities. Neither James town nor, strange as it may appear to our critic, Adelaide was specifically in our minds when we protested in the strongest terms we could command against the colony committing itself to a course which it will, before many years are over, have serious cause to regret. That we did not act as the mouthpiece of the ' arroijant clique of wealthy specu lators' in this city, who are represented by the Reritw as desirous of either driving the residents of the North out of the colony or reducing them to a species of serfdom, may be gathered from the fact that, so far as we know, wo have declaimed in vain against the absurdity of the course that is being pursued None of our Ministers, none of our legislators, none of our merchants, none of our lawyers, none of the ' ambitious metropolitan shopkeepers' whose in fluence is declared to be so vicious, have even come forward to strengthen our hands, much less to inspire us upon thi3 question. The policy we have contended for is that which we hare persistently urged .in connection with the Great Northern line. We urged it before a single sod was turned upon the Port Augusta Railway, and if we see the least prospect of averting what we con- ceive to be a huge blunder, we shall con- tinue to urge it, convinced that while neither Port Augusta nor Port Pirie will be sensibly injured by the adoption of the broad gauge on the trunk line, the colony will have cause to deplore its shortsightedness and folly if the break of gauge upon it is tolerated The Chimtoranzo. — The mails per Orient steamer Chimtorazo for England will close to- day, for letters at noon, and for papers at 10 a.m. The Outward Mail Steamer.— The R.M.S. Malwa arrived at Albany from Glenelg at 8 a.m. on Thursday. Bask JResiosatioss.— 'We understand that Mr. H. D. O'Hallorau has resigned fats jxmticm aa Manager of the Commercial Dink of South Australia. ; and it is aleo understood th*t Mr. H. Stod*rt hds resigned the Accountantship of the Bank of Adelaide. ISI-CETRUL AMD JCVEKILB KXBUUTIOH.— Considering tbe inclement weather this Exhibition was fairly patrouineti ou 8»turd»y. On Friday His Excellency the Gorernor, Him Jervois, and CapUiu J. A. Fergusson, visited the Eihibitioo, acd w*re received by the membfrs of the committee. They were shown over the rcoiu, and exj»rf sst-rl themut Ive3 pltased at the exhibits- Exhibitors are requeitod by advor tiwcni'itit to remove thtir goods this mornic j. The Geisbsb Qitestion.— Mr. Grauville Sharp will deliver his second lecture on the Chinese iu the Town Hall Exchange-room this evening. The nubject will bt\ ' The Chinese at Home and Abroad.' Judging from the excoedingly able manner ip which Mr. Sharp treated his theme last week those who we interested in the ques tion are likely to be equally well pleased ou this occasion. Lf.CtvuE AT THK Pobt.— This evening the Rev. S. Green wilt deliver a humorous lecture in tbe Town Hall, Port Adelaide, the' proceeds of -which are to be devoted towards St Paul's Church, Port. Mexbocbhk Exhibition Exhibits.— On Satur day we inspected at Mr. Twigg'g premises, Twin street, a showcase for Meters. Wills ft Go. 'a boots at the Melbourne Exhibition. The case, which is oval in shape, is made of pine, and stands on a panel base of 2 ft. 8 in. high. It is 7 ft. wide, 12 ft. loug, aad 9 ft. high, and has sis Sated columns. There are to be two rows of shelves, on which the boots will bo placed. The case, which is to be glazed with plateglaxn, when finished will be a credit to its manu facturer. Scddek Death of aw Ikfakt. — .Tames Zieo nord, a libourer, residing in Gilbert- street, reported to the police on Snnday morning, Sep tember 12, the sadden death of his' female child, aged two mouths. The Corojier made enquiries, and. Dr. Mayo having given a certificate as to the cause of death, an ir.queat was deemed un necessary. Yocko Australia.— We understand that Mr. F. W. Nieache, of thi* city, graduated as M.B. and C.M.at Edinburgh University during August of tha present year. Mr. Kieachf, who w&s;'edu- cated at Messrs. Le.ichen & Kiehus'g'school, sub sequently attended Professor Reid's classes iu classics in connection with the University Association, and became a student of the Ade laide University when it was first opened in 187*1. He proceeded to Scotland in -the name jear, passed his first medical examination at Ediubnrgh in 187S, the second in the year fol lowing, and finally graduated in the present j ear, as above stated. Before returning to tbe colony Mr. Niesche intends spending about two years at Berlin, Vienna, and Parii, in order to gain fv-^ter experience. Football.— Socth Paeks v. Noe-woods.— The only match arranged by the Association for Saturday was Sooth Parks v. Norwoods, but owing to the wet weather the latter club declined to play, although tho South Parks had a team on tbe ground. The latter club claims the natch, but the Norwoods dispute their being awarded it, on the grounds that tbe Parks hud not a full team at 3 o'clock, that the umpire was not on the gronnd at the appointed time, and that the ground was unfit to play on. The Parks say, in reply, that they were prepared to go on with tbe game. The matter is likely to engage tbe attention of the Association. Thb AriTBAUAS Blo»»ii».— The Australian Blondin and his trapeze companion will perform opposite the Crown Hotel this evening. Licensed ViarrAixEos' AsoGciatkjh.— Ths half-yearly meeting of this Association will be held at the Sir Juhn Barleycorn Hotel, Bundle street, this evening. A CArnos to Bcts.— On Friday, September 10, a boy named Eugene R. McCarthy, son of B. J. McCarthy, eleven years old, wag walking along the top of Light-square fence, d /a Blocdin, when be fell across the rail and sustained severe internal injuries. Dn-. Verco and Way, who attended the sufferer, found it necessary to put him nnder the influence of chloroform and perform an operation upou him. GotebmiumtTbxdees.— Seyen tenders were opened at the Sni reyor-General'a Office, ou Friday, September 10. for clearing Hundred of Youngbuaband, that of W. Lyoa being the lowest. Fobt Gusvillk. — In consequence ol tbe heavy weather at the Semaphore the targets for tbe big guoa at Fort Gl&nville; oonld not be moored in position on Saturday, and the gunnery practice had to be postponed for a fortnight. For more than two hours the ateam-launch tugged away to windward against the bead sea, bnt the triangular fabric composing the target was of such an obstructive shape that no head way could be made, and finally it had to be abandoned. A new target will be constructed. Captain Solomon went down to the fort aud dismissed the men who had mustered. Electoeal.— Our GawJer correspondent informs us that Mr. Frank Makin, J.I'., of Gawler, intends to offer himself as a candidate fcrBaroesast the next general election. Sp'rprso Casijaltiks. — Tbe Postmaster General Las kindly favoured ui with tbe follow ing telegram, which he received on Sunday :— 'MtllDurne, 731 pin.— The Medea, barque, boned to Newcastle, is aground half way b« tween the Swanpit and Queensclifif. The life boat has been to her assistance, but the crew did sot think it necessary ta leave. Tbe schcocer Trader, from Tasmania, parted both cables lrit night, and is cow Ijing on the beach at the east side of the jetty. No lives lost.' Tin Latb Victobiax Bhgimebk-15-Chibf.— '^le»' in 'Talk on 'Change' says:— The death of Mr. Thomai Higinbotham seDt a thrill through the community. The colony does not possess such a plethora of men both atle and honest that we can easily spare one who was chkf of the type. In public egthn»tion he held a place but little, if any, be'ow that of his surviving brother. Without saying anything that had better, perhaps, be left nusaid, it may be assamed that the affront placed upon Mr. Higinbotbam by a certain appointment mnit have caused him to resign bis office. To retain it would, to any one with his nice aeiue of honour sjad telf-respect, have been intolerable. It wa», probably, in view of this that be said to a friend in OoUira-street, two dnyg before bis death, ' I think I now ie« the end of the furrow I have been ploughing so long.' These words bear cow a melancholy significance.*' Cbicket Clxjb toe Albebtoj*.— At a meeting held at Alberton on September 9 a Cricket Club was formed, to be called tbe Queen and Albert Cricket Chib. Mr. W. Burge was elected capUin, Mr. W. G. Barge vioe-captain, Mr. J. B. Morpbett Secretary, and Mr. T. B sils Treasurer ; committees were also formed, and the Secretary was instructed to write to sever J gentlemen inviting them to fill the offices of Patron, president, antf yw-e-ftwifljt, Thb Stbakdiho of the Sobata.— Them nothing fresh to report a« to the position of tho Sonts, although the weather on Saturday was vt ry severe, and big roller) occasionally swept ovec her. Pumping operations were suspended during the day. acd consequently tbe water in tha holds is considerably higher than before. Oa Sunday an incident occurred which it is fearcj Lfis proved fatal to William Morris, tha iTginoer of the Sorata steam-launch. The third officer, it seems, was going in the steam-launch, with four quartermaster)), to look after a boats on the windward tide, and Me«s». CUrgill and Wright, reporters for the Keqtster and Admtistr respectively, thinking the launch wiyi going on fhore, went abc&n;!. Tbe launch went round the stern, and was abrokst of the bo *s of tha Sorata when a very heavy sea got over tbe stern of the steamer, and, first catching the boat, iu which were two of the urew, it threw it into tbe launch, which went down. The reporters struck out for the shore aad reached it in safety, though Mr. Wright wu somewhat knocked about. The crow swam to the Sorata, but, m has bcej stated, our reporter sup poses that Morris was drowned. Tha Duke of Manchester has sent to the Arjus tbe following correction of the report of his narrative of the stranding of the Sorata, and which appeared in our issue of Saturday:— ** The remark I made absut the nearness of tha obore «ih addressed, not to the captain, but to Sir U. Sandford. I should not like it to be Kupposed that I would attempt to interfere with k roptain in tbe commaud of his ship, nor would Captain Fowler have allowed me to do so. Tho other point I wish to correct is, perhaps, of leu iiKtortinee. I imagine tUat the rock ou which the Sorata pivoted lies, not between the main mast and tbe funnel, but between the latter aad the foremast.' Ci'ScKBT.— Notwithstanding the inclemency of tte weather there was a large attendance at the concert given on Saturday afternoon by Mr. Hermann Bchrader, K.A.L., in tbe Town Hall KichHnge-room. Mr. Scbrader, who bu recently returned from his musical studies ou the Con tinent of Europe, has attained to considerable skill as a performer on the violin and its big brother the viola ; but hi» forte is the piano, which instrument is eutireiy under bis ooutroL He was assisted ou this occaeiou by Miss Minn* Fischer, Messrs. Oelm&uu;, lleuieuroeder, J. Hall, and Winterbottom. The programme con tained selections from composers belonging almost exclusively to the German school, from B&ch; to Schubtut, and in every instanca the performers were very warmly and deservedly applauded. Miss Fischer's ren dering of the tlorid »ria from ' D«r Freischutz,' ' Wie oahtts mir dcr Schltiwmor' (Stftly Big'us tbe voice of evening), was taiteful am) faultless iu execution, though apparently sung with oon nderable effort, the composition itself bsing inch as to rather severelv tax the pow-:ra of even, the trained vocalist. Mr. Oelmana was iu ex ci-lltnt voice, and rendered three or four oE Schubt-rt's tcuor songs with an evident apprecia tion of the composer's design. We wero p'T- Vicuiariy plcaxed with a very pretty melody, 'fcc.i mir gcgrusst' (1 greet you), which Mr. Ot-lu-smn rendered with much ex?ri«ion nnd diHTinmiating jndgmi'ut. The itutrumentalitto, « liethrr' Holeorrespocnive encb to other's notes,' i»ere, for tlie most pnrt, in fine form, thoogb in two or tbrefl instances there appeared to be au unnecessary watite ol euergy, without producing any commensurate effect. RubiusteiVs sonata lor the pi&uoasd; violin called forth tho veryskil lul manipulation ot 'Messrs. lIt-uienriK-(l-r and Schrader, but the result was di.M:-|i|iuiiit)iig. Rubinstein has tho reputation of innJuciug work* of very nceijaal merit. Judgia^ from u first hearing we were not very highly i -iu-ri*sied with the abovej suu.iU*.. Though it contains several passages of aingulat beauty and origi nality tbrre appears to be an absence of unity \- iu it* general scop**) cud design. Its nit'lodioua strains are frequently biokeu or concealed by au undue preponderance of rugged elaborations, apparently introduced merely to try tbe manipu lative tkill of the performer. We were much batter pleased with Mr. Schrader'g interpreta tions of selections from Ikethoven's Sonata ia A major (Op. 2). The largo niovemr-ut iu par ticular was given with precision and expressive ness, and was, we think, the finest instrumental performance of the whole. Wo congratulate Mr. Schrader for hw success. He is a young rune of considerable musical talent, and bids fair to rise to a high position in his profession. PORT ROWING CLUB -— The first eight-oared boat imported into this colony arrived by the steamer Victorian at Port Adelaide on Saturday, September 11. It came from the well-known shop of Edwards, at Melbourne, and is a mode rately good boat. The Port Rowing Club, who have bought it as a practice boat, will put a crew into it immediately. It is more than probable that the Club will be represented in an intercolonial contest, should one take place at Melbourne during the Exhibition and with this object in view no opportunity will be lost for practice ; and, but for the inclement weather, the boat would have had its maiden service in the Port River on Saturday afternoon. In the event of the Club being repre sented by a crew at an intercolonial event, it is likely that an order will be sent to England for a racing boat of the best kind, with the latest improvements, to be forwarded to Melbourne, where the crew will meet it in time for a fortnight or three weeks' practice, so as to enter the race under as favourable cir cumstances as can be obtained. It remains to be mentioned that the dimensions of the practice boat is 56 feet by 20 inches. It is fitted with 20 inch sliding-seats, which are the same as those adopted by Trickett. The enterprise of this Club must certainly commend itself to all interested in the colony taking its proper position in the aquatic world. Mr. Henry Ketten.— In order not to inter fere with the attendance at the amateur dra matic entertainment to be given on Wednesday evening at the Academy of Music in aid of St. Paul's Day-schools, it has been arranged that Mr. Ketten's first pianoforte recital shall not take place until Thursday or Friday evening. Seats which have been taken for Wednesday can be secured for the opening night or any other during the season. We copy the following from the New York Daily Graphic of March 2, 1880.— 'Henry Ketten, the eminent pianist and com poser, is not quite thirty-two, he having been born at Bays, Hungary, March 25, 1848. His parents removed shortly after his birth to Posen, where he first exhibited the gifts that caused Azevedo, the great Parisian critic, to declare him a 'child of inspira tion.' He began his musical studies when only five years old, and eighteen months later he gave his first concert. Soon after he went to Paris, where introductory letters from Liszt, Moscheles, and other German celebrities pro cured him admission to the Conservatoire, although he had not yet attained the age of ten years, which is required by the rules. He studied pianoforte-playing under Marmontet, and composing under Haievy, and made such rapid progress that two years after his fame was so high that Queen Victoria summoned him to Osborne. In 1862, when he was only fourteen, he revisited his native Hungary, aud gave a series of fifty-two concerts in the principal cities. A nervous disorder brought him back to Paris, but did not induce him to abstain from practising his favourite art. In 1865 he made a tour of Holland, where he every where won the heartiest applause; and two years later, when he appeared at the Paris Exposition Universelle, his position as one of the greatest musical per formers of the age was fully established. After that he made tours of Germany, Austria, Russia, and Switzerland, and for three years he acted as the conductor of the orchestra at the Imperial Theatre at Constantinople, and as pianist in ordinary to Sultan Abdul Aziz. In 1870 he fell ill, and the theatre being burned in the same year, he resigned his positions and went to Italy, where, after the restoration of his health, he created quite a furore in Milan and in the other cities of the Peninsula. The Khodive invited him to Cairo, where he played in the palace, and soon after returned to Paris. In 1877 he performed f0r six consecutive weeks in London, where he evoked such enthusiasm as is seldom aroused in that capital. He is now writing an opera to be called 'Les Aspares,' which is to be brought out at the Paris Grand Opera-house. As a pianist he ranks among the very highest ; and as a composer, those who have enjoyed the pleasure of listening to his works say that they show a rare degree of originality and power.' THE ERIC THE RED.— The surviving members of the crew of the ship Eric the Red, with the exception of three who remained behind at Warrnambool, arrived in Melbourne yesterday (says the Argus of the 9th) by the steamer Dawn. As soon as the steamer reached the wharf the men gave three ringing cheers for Captain Jones, in recognition of the courage and energy he displayed in rescuing them from the wreck. They were con veyed in cabs to the Sailors' Home, where their wants will be provided for till an oppor tunity is afforded them of returning to America. At the three ports, Belfast, Warr nambool, and Portland, the residents showed their sympathy with the shipwrecked mariners by sending them abundant supplies of clothing, and in some cases money was sent in addition. The ship and cargo were sold yesterday by auction by Messrs. Lord & Hughes. It was stated that a considerable portion of the cargo was now on shore, and a large portion was being saved. The total value of the ship and cargo was estimated at about £40,000. There was a good attendance at the sale, the bidding com mencing at£100. Finally the lot was knocked down to Mr. Louis O. Gerschel, of Carlton, for £410. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. — The annual meetings in connection with this Association will commence at the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, to-day, and be con- tinued during the week. Professor Pepper's Lectures. — Owing doubtless to the wintry weather which prevailed there was not a large attendance at the Academy of Music on Saturday night, September 11, when Professor Pepper concluded his series of scientific entertainments. Having a Saturday night audience the Professor popularized his lecture and entertainment as much as possible, and therefore made the wonders of the oxy- hydrogen microscope the chief attraction. He exhibited on the screen a variety of interesting objects in insect life enormously magnified, and explained their structure and uses in his usual lucid and happy style. The second part of the programme consisted of a grand dioramic display of views of Afghanistan, embracing a large number of pictures illustrative of the war which has been carried on in that country by the British, down to the recent triumph at Kandahar. . Many of these view* were remarkably good, being not ouly beautifully coloured and perfect in the perspective, but possessiog a photographic dis dinctness which is rarely to be seen ia dioramic exhi bii ions. Tney gave a capital idea of the moun tainous and picturesque character of the count y and its warlike people, and were more calc i lated to instruct and impress the beholder with the magnitude of the work which England his undertaken in bringing the Afghans to submis sion than any amount of book- reading. The audience repeatedly testified their appreciation by outbursts of warm applause. Professor Pepper intends to go on a lecturing tour in tbe country for about a fortnight, after wb-h he will return to Adelaide and give his famous ghost entertainment. ADELAIDE HEBREW CONGREGATION. — The annual general meeting of the privileged members of this congregation was held at the Synagogue Vestry-room on Sunday. About thirty-five persons were present, and the Presi dent (Mr. S. Saunders) occapied the chair. The report of the committee, which was presented, mentioned amongst other things that a cboir ir-aster (Mr. Fredman) had been engaged at a ealary of £100 per annum, and was expected to shortly arrive from Melbourne. From the statement of the Treasurer (Mr. H. Bennett) it appeared that the receipts for the year amounted to £952 16s. 9d., and the ex penditure to £S29 16s. There were £350 of good debts outstanding, over £200 in tlie Bank and in hand, and a balance of assets over liabilities (not including the Eynagoaue property) of £321. Great satisfaction w\i» expressed at this favourable state of affairs, and the balance-sheet and report were adopted. 1 he report of the Rev. A. T. Boas with regard tu tbe Sabbath-school and the progress made by tbe children was also satisfactory. Tbe officers tor the ensuing year were elected aa follows: — j'rtf ident, Mr. M. J. Solomon ; Treasurer. Air. H. Bennett; Committee, Messrs. I. As her, P. Ett jamin, L. Cohen, W. J. Gollin, and S. M. Solomon ; Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Uashmore and J. M. SolomoD, jon.; School Boird, Me»*rs. M. J. £o!omon, P. Benjamin, L. Cohen, W. J. Gollin, and S. Samukre. It was resolved on the motion of Mr. H. Bennett — 'That on any occup-»ufc j i.t a Beat dying or leaving tbe colony ior a term of two years it shall be in the power ot the Treasurer, with the consent of the com mittee, to real lot sach scat*, provided that in ' crises of death it shall be at the option of the | inus or daughters to retain such seats.' It was | rt .solved, on the motion of Mr. M. Brandon, i cro'jued by Mr. E. Cohen—' That the tra»tees i i-c lustrncted to get the Synagogue property ! 1 i^ally vtsted in them, with power to lease aiinh j.roperty, and to raise money on the mortgage i-i 'uch lease, the proceeds of such mortgnge to lu reinvested for a like purpose, and that this ritrtuii! authorize any outlay, not exce^din^ ii.i;0. tint the trustee* may incur in carrying ur.t tbt8 revolution.' A motion for raising the itiit-rent* was withdrawn after discussion. I Lohetual Iwked Factory. — We arc in ! formed that the preliminary committ-e appointed at tbe late public meeting for the purpose of organizing a Company to establish and work the Lobethal Tweed Factory paid a visit jt inspection on Friday last. They arrived at thout njitJday, and proceeded to carefully in epect the property and plant. They found a inott substantially built edifice, well arranged :md adapted ;for the purpose, and the eDgiue ;.nd the various machinery most complete and in admirable order — in fact, the whole affair was in ?Uch a state of. preservation and cleanliness that the manufacture of tweeds could be resumed at the shortest possible notice. The visitors, who had not seen the factory before, impressed tbeir astonishment that so admirable ft jet of machines, with all tha necessary plant, should have been allowed to coma to a atind I'.ill tb'oagh the want of funds. The epecimera of tweeds that were shown were, in the opinion of an erpert who ; pecompanied the party, of the first quality, j The property contains over two acres of. ground, j tas water, and all necessary outdoor appliances, j ii.auager's cottage, office, woolshed, dyuhouse, I to , &c; , and is pleasantly situated in the pretty { viiisgo of Lobathal. Mr. L-iuterbaeh, J.P. of j AV'coiiKide, kindly showed the committee over j the premise?, and gave every information i O' sired. Tbe committee relumed -.o Adeliide with a usanimnus conviction that it needed but a -:j..11 amount of capital to stirt the factory, i-Evi to make it not only a paying concern, hut r credit to the colony. j Mr. Burnett's Meetings.— Mr. Burnett's .'-'.-.turday-night meeting at Kent Town diJ not take place, owing to the unpropitious st*te of tho weather, which rendered it impossible for in outdoor meeting to be held. As numbers of persons had assembled from a distance Mr. Car Lett conducted a social meeting in one of the rcoms attached to the Wesleyaa Church, Kent Town. The meeting differed from Mr. Bnrnett'a rrdinary Saturday-n'ght gatherings in one par ticular, there being no formal speeches made. A. number of gentlemen spontaneously bore testimony to the genuineness and perma nency of the work accomplished in the oity and Buburhs. Tbe Rev. J. G. Wright referred to.tfto men, both of them confirmed drunkards, who first signed the pledge at Mr. Burnett's meetings at Norwood, and then attended church. He had good reason for asying that both were changed men. Another well-known character from the city bore testi mony to the_ direct personal benefits he had derived from the adoption of the pledge, which was taken bj him at one of the first meetings in the city. He knew many in all parts of Ade laide who took the pledge at the same time, and he had only met with one who had broken it. Mr. Burnett stated that that was the first Saturday night for five months that he had. been prevented from holding his mass meetings. He hoped, however, to conduct two at Kent Town, which would close Lis mission around the city. The crusade was steadily advancing. During the week he had administered the pledge to two men who hid been sent to him without friends or home, the result of drink; and 137 had signed at his religious meetingB, and he believed a gre*t work wonld yet be accomplished. On Sunday evening Mr. Burnett addressed a very large con gregation in the Wesleyan Church, Kent Town, on 'Key a! companions.' One-half. of the con gregation remained to the after meeting. Mr. Bnrnett will conduct a mothers' meeting this afternoon in the Wesleyan Church, Kent Town. Mrs. Cbeeseman, Mrs. Sloop, and the Misses Milner and Davidson will sing. Oasb of Draimmos at Gawi.br.— A very sad case of destitution was discovered at Oawler on Saturday afternoon. It appears that a maa earned Oawfhorne, who was engaged at Messrs. Martin & Co.'s at the time of the strike, went to Melbourne, and returned to Gawler, expecting to get work from that firm. He was, however, after repeated applications, unsuccessful, and since then he has been living with his wife and three cbildien in a house in Oal ton-road. Tha family had no furniture and not a particle of bedding, and were using jam-tins for cups and similar makeshifts. On Friday night the wife gave birth to a fourth child, and Cawthorne had to run to a neighbour's house to get an old sheet to cover the infant. Messrs. J. F. Martin and W. S. Tsylor, on hearing of the circum stances, at once visited the house, and found things as described. They and His Worship the Mayor at once gave orders to a local store keeper to furnUh the family with bedding, ic, to the amount of £5, and a snbscriptiou-list vaa started, which was quickly responded to. Messrs. Martin k Co. also at once found employ ment for the man. Scddbx Death.— The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Ecll Inn on Saturday afternoon, September 11, on the body of Mary Jane Trembath, the wife of liicbard Trembatb, carter, of Herman-street. Sir. Botham was chonen foreman of the Jury. The evidence disclosed thit deceased, who was forty-eight years of age. and had not had medical attendance for fourteen ye*rs, complained to her husband at X2 o'clock on Friday night that she experienced a difficulty in breathing, and although her btisband sen*: for Dr. Gardner at or.ee Mrs. Trembath wan dead before he arrived. The doctor, on making a |w»l-wort«» examiaa tion of the body, found that the heart was con siderably enlarged on its left side, and there was fatty degeneration of tha walls. The right kidney was contracted from disease to about one-fourth its usual size, and the left was almost equally contracted. The cause of death the doctor stated to be failure of the heart's action from the diaeaswd state of the muscular walla, accelerated by the contracted state of the kidneys. The Jury returned a verdict to that effect. 