THE LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION OF ST. PAULS GATHEDRAL. 13th April. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) That the Church of England in Victoria has so long been without's cathedral has cost them regret approach ing to sorrow. Disputstions as site, that lack of cash Which hampers the most earhest [?]fforts of churchmen, rivalry’ of the 'sectaries; whioii ;■ an intellectual power aoaght to oopa with the charoh so long endowed in Mgianar'ow ?? feeble, W««W to pretdnt the realisation of that, longing for an edifice grdatiy towering-dp to (dod’a. footetaoh .witiok is the desire of all the nlost zsalods reprSsentitivei of the Protestant spirit! By the; zeal' of our present stand blooded manly diocesan the cathedral so many years regarded as a virion, now; bids.fair to become, in pur generation an accomplished fact. Few of os may see it in its completed gloty—few. now living have opportunity to realise, thej. perfectness of cathe dral Worship. Compared with the greatest of the ecclesiastical.edifices OfJEnglahd) olir new Cathedral will be but childlike.-.lts nave will be but 285 feet in length, hy a breadth 'of 102 feet aorosa its transept, while, as most people who take an interest in .ohuroh ' matters know the home of Tom of Lincoln, that solemn recorder of earth’s joy or grief or ospiration. is 470 feet in length by 267 across the transept,-, .while Salts-'; bury, the Galahad of architecture, which throws its beautiful spire to a height of 404 feet,, is in length 474 feet, by a breadth of 230. ■ - Ely too was 635 by 190, clmio-l ooking Peterborough 476 by 203, Durham over 400, 'While' among- the :remainder' of .the twenty-nine •' Cathedrals which' uplift their towers to Gad in England, many of larger'dimensions; dan be found. With the exception of that object at.Caloutta; designed by an officer in the-Queen’s Engineers, and the attenuated looking, .though shapely, St. Andrew's at Sydney; gur new cathedral will probably be one of the smallosK in the world, for when fully’complete it will only'have paw accommodation for 1340 persons, while asVit is now to be buUt, with only three brays out of the original design, it will only seat a littlo over 800 At the same time it must be remembered-that the spaces reserved which will not contain seats will , give room for at least as many worshippers again, and it may be safely reckoned that there will be ample space even tually for at least. 2000 at one' time.' Up to' the present no decision has been arrived at as to the particular stone which will be employed, but it is fully agreed that it shall be sojao kind of freestone backed by brick.' The foundations,- which in some places hare to go as deep as 6 fast before the reef is struck, are to be of brick, a practice not unknown in church architecture. The piers will be of alternate freestone and bluestone, and the style of the building is what is known as decorated gothic, or professionally, “middle-pointed,” and is .of a light, somewhat French, character. At the same time, eras-' mentation will hot be carried to an elaborate extent, and it is scarcely likely that any’future critic will be able to say of bur cathedral as Charles the Fifth of Germany did of the one at’ Antwerp, that from the lacy delicacy of its beautiful sunnonhtings it should be “pat under a glass case and'preserved for posterity.” The idea of ornamentation, -once so popular, has not been {adopted; in fact Mr Butterfield, the architect, originally made the building to stand parallel with Flinders street; bat . this has, to. econo mise space, been altered, and its chief length will now be visible along Swanston street, the entrance being in Flinders street, the altar end-of the choir being to Flinders lane, some distance up from. Swanston street, as the building will not be exactly parallel With that, but will incline eastwards, , The stone laid to-day, 14 feet by 6 feet, was the one which hill stand under the central tower, near the " eastern coiner of the nave, and was brought specially from "Lethbridge; near Geelong. When quarried, 'it' weighed nearly fourteen tons, and after being reduced and 1 trimmed to-day was over nine ions. ■ The great tower will be ultimately* with its spire, 275 feet in'height, and will bo,, reckoning from the base, some 75 feet higher than that of Wesley Church, or at least 60 feet above that of -the splendid. Presbyterian edifice in Collins street. The organ gallery will be in the eastern transept; and though a chapter house is included in the' designs it will not_ be erected for some time ta coma, as it is not desired to interfere with the present buildings on the site more than is necessary. In fact, the parsonage of St. Paul's will never be demolished, at the space will hot be needed, although, of coarse, the existing church mast ultimately be pulled down. The schools have been transferred to the available site near. St. James’, where they erenow being re-erected; but it is necessary here to mention that experience-has shown the necessity of . considerably extending all Mr ;; Butterfield’s designs, the present building being ' in. .charge of Messrs Terry and Oakden, -the architects of the diocese. The chapter of the cathedral, now appointed'for. life consists of his Lordship the Bishop, the Very Reverend the Bean; the archdeacons of Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Beeohwortb, and Sale, with, - os canons, Br Bromby, the Rev. W. Chalmers (of Gee long), the Rev. G. Goodman; Rev. Hi H. P. Handfiold, Rev; J. C. M'Culiagh (Sandhurst), Venble. Archdeacon Stretch, ‘ Rev. G.- O. Vance, and lay canons Messrs T. ~T. A’Baekett, T. R. - Godfrey, H.. Henty, H. Jennings, W. B. Ring, Captain Pascoe, G. W. Rusden, and Sir W. F. Stawall. Shortly after 3 o’clock the snrpliced choristers mustered in St. Paul’s, and his Excellency. the Governor having been received by the chapter at the Swanston street entrance, was conducted to the communion table. Shortly after wards the procession was formed. On arriving at the platform bus Excellency took bis seat, hiving on his right the bishop and the Rev. G. Goodman, behind him the canons; on his left, the lay canons; infront, the mayor and councillors; the representatives of the University and of • parishes, with many of the clergy, being admitted within , the . barriers. The gallery for ladies and those privileged with the entree was in . front of his Excellency. The, 307th hymn from the ‘‘Church Hymnal," commencing With " Christ is the foundation of the boose we raise,” was sung, the “ Lord’s Prayer” intoned, and a well selected litany chanted alternately by' the dean and the choristers. Prayer was then, offered up, the 84tb and 122nd Psalms sung, Br Torrance presiding at the bar- : monium, and directing the choristers, of whom there were about 300. The • Creed was then recited and the Badication read by Br Hearn in Latin, Slowly then the ponderous stone was lowered into ito place, and when it had been truly settled his Excellency, taking the trowel, said, “ I lay this atone of a cathedral church, to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, and to be called after the name of the Apostle St. Paul, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.” Hymn 330 (Church hymns), com mencing with “ All hail the power of Jesus’ name,” was sung most effectively by the choir and people, and the whole congregation then joined in the prayers specially appointed. His Excellency the Governor delivered a brief address, pointing out the importance of the ’event they were met to celebrate, and urging upon all to contribute in proportion to their means to the advancement of it. He pointed’out that cathedrals were necessarily often of slow growth, but that every’ one ought to unite to make, this one that should be regarded by future generations, as a monument of the perseverance of our* youth. His lordship, the bishop then delivered one of those stirring addresses for which he is remarkable, giving the history of the efforts to establish the cathedral, proving the importance of the chapter to it, and justifying the selection of the site chosen. _ , . J boa eih His lordship said;—lt is thonghtFdeiirable on this, auspicious occasion that I should say a few words on the uses of a cathedral, on the. foundation of this building, its services, and its chapter. The building is a great church, intended to be the*centre and home of .the church’s highest energies, devotional, consultative,; and'practical, and called a cathedral because - the' bishop’s cathedra or chair is set therein. It.is built,' than, not primarily to look beautiful in the eyes of those who pass by, but to afford help to those who enter it in raising their thoughts to the infinite; and . in stirring within them emotions of awe and reverence. For those it must have size, especially loftiness, the long perspective, the dim vastness in which the mind can soar and expand, in which it can see the symbol of the eternal, the mysterious, the divine. Loftiness'is necessary to give effect to that which is an essential feature of cathedral worship, its musical services. Without height there can bp ho resonance, no feeling of elevation, no massiveness, no delioaoy of sound. Without height,, music is robbed of more than half of its power to soothe, to subdue, to elevate, to call away the fee 1 ’ - ’ from distraction and frivolity of sense, to att-' fi 11 ®* to the tenderness, the solemnity, the awe .<*. J? 1 ? life. Wo very especially need such a<- where thelovo and practice of m- * ■ our young people. Our - n ls , 6 PWading anlong music and Jess for -■people care more for Hr,. ;. worship than young people at ? Ther ® imj * ’ several reasons. “ v Mr ~-*aly ttua f because music and Worship-bird w ®? dod together under the. rtodb favorable Conditions. We need services Vrhion shall.not only give expression to the religious emotion already in existence, but which shall also evoke it when 'absent. Impassioned preaching will do something to tills end. butim passioned preaching is not always to be bad, or at least not in effestive Ppwer, It may be greatly helped, may; as in the.case of Elisha, be superseded by-the mysterious influence of music., I have myself felt thr wondrous power of musical services.. They have - melted me when I was hard, . they” have' raised ! me when ! was sluggish, they have spiritualised me. when I was earthly. • Let os make our young people feel them a t their best, when they, elevate by their grandeur-and | edify by. their simplicity. Then, while the taste for them spread, theiruse in our puish churches would be come more attractive, more edifying. Again, a large ouilding helps to make good preachers. In -a- large building the preachers must speak slowly and distinctly. * When a man is compelled to speak slowly and dis tinctly, he hears and notices all ha is saying. Besides, when one speaks slowfy, one must not have too much to' Wi V* d thusone gatsinto thehabit of preaching short ser mens—shortsermonswithagood deal in them. Theseare properly*the results of having Urge and lofty buildings. Nqw, to say a word of the services. It is only by cathedral services with a cathedral staff that we can , carry ou| *d#<juately th? 9hurQh’s system of perpetual J '.TPott.-.irlio have'.'hail of. this system- danv hardly <wni»ita- ite:precloiJa and loftr ■;• In » community.- Ilka this 'there W devoted sodla deteohedfrorri life by the •Sjk,J?t.*{®Wa« or the deOay .of aa*' who loni tb spend Qod. Thaae- «r». thO: SinidiU dud tSar3nuaa,v.Who’ nave :no - wish to ■ depart • from the temple day Nowh9r « but in tha great church -of - a cathedral city, pan • they find model of gratifyingthoir \- i There,' in the stillness end the groat space, filled! the plj»dlaw of prefer and the aWall of. p™»e; they find tud dlmdihHehd they,, long to breathe. There they draw- near to God, #M UWiTfl «hi aflHei-' P*Sed- heated:- Do think, wddo hot need them—we baly ;- mpn:: diitempfed,by the caroi i the Jaborsj. the aorrowi of time?Why;tb. the end of the dayi that I lojoiim. tippii earth" there!- will dwell in the .eye; .of my aoul .the,: nsicih ..of tirdseWrate servantsof God; an aged mahand woman whom loads mat at a funeral. ■ There waa the light of a better world: in delicate glow oh their .faces; there : was the "peace of id,their gthtld eyaslThen, again; in the heart,of a great rdty—hdt wcin sotfip h$J a£ a distance— Where all Its ptfaion and.ffnme;«fe there..should be a houie of God ever og&V-dfHere; thosebrokeU byHfe’s •orrpwij Or sorely smitten by life's 1 alrig, hlay alWifsbe able tofindguidanoeand rolaoa,,,.Whon th*"poor but oast i?: at his worat, near the' brink-.bf' the dark rlrar it . i may: be, is .wandering. ; in’... the'city desert, aimlessly, - desperately,. - looking in' vain fdr gome help;, some hope; soma pity; there should always be an open house £ of prayer In his ''path, ’ an’ ark into. wbloh he. may flea' :; for ; refuge.' Ho camhot wait for. Sunday; b*'cannot go, off seeking for comfort; .here andnow must he be helped, or not at all; - Opsnyour cathedral in his vary pathway. Let its prayers plead; let ita praisoaswell, and perhaps they may lift his lost soul so nosrtoPisgah that 'he may oatoh thence.sbms.ray of divine pity.,'He is'seeking some glimpsei of blessed hope, without which he cannot, lire. Ah; my friends, there are many- .that . swell' the sinj ,ard : there none that ; will - help . to' build the. refilge 1■; In all ttgss of tho ohurch oathotio, the, cathedra}; chapter has;beett-the-.Council of the. bishop. Your bishop surely.needa such a council. Hut | how .can that be I—you will say—has he . not .the church assembly, 'the council’ of.:the .diocese? He. has, thank God,.’ but '- these do not give bim -the help ' be, needs. The church assembly ia not an administrative body at I all; it only; legislates. The council'.of the diocese is' an administrative body en financial; matters; with purely spiritual 'questions it does: not meddle, it ought not to meddle. Its advice, upon' money matters ia like the advice >of a Cabinet to the Queen. Its advice' must . not be taken oh spiritual' matters*;; The bishop could not submit to such advice;.he might as well abdicate ids; office. For the oonaidarationofsuph matters,he, wants" the council, consisting of the beatand wisest men.in the diocese, who will give him advice; not insisting upon ita being always taken; but,ho Of course would alwaysdefer to it, and uuless'bis oonscisbce forbade bim,-follow it.' Such a council;., with. : tbe right, to be; consulted, though hot to be obeyed, was in allthe best ages of the churehtho cathedral chapter. Such a council is neoesv sary to the bishop.: Well hoi it been said that isolation is .the; vice and 'weakness of authority, . You all felt that in our recant discussion of the edu cation question your impetuous bishop . took his own line. What did men : say ? That , ; is, only the bishop’s; opinion,' the bishop’s method; .the church ia not pledged to that, ■ How different would it have been. if all had known that what the bishop said, not only as to.principle but as to detail, be had said after consultation' with the best'hearta and wiaest heada ia the diocese. Take another.. I proposed' that wo should consider a .proposition to ordain oa deacons laymen still pursuing their worldly calling. The church assembly appointed a committee, directed it to report tb the council of the diocese. The council declared the matter to bo ullrd' viret; it ; had no • power'to repeal purely spiritual matters.:; It acted. ’rightly. This,.' was a- matter for the. cathedral chapter, the golden ' circlet of the chosen presbytery. Take yet another problem, urgently pressing for solution: the’ action of the -State in making, the education of bar' State schools purely secular has made the question of the organisation of our Sunday-schools one of . great im portance. ■ This is not a' question for the assembly or the council of the diocese; it is for the cathedral chapter. Again, I prise the chapter not only as abound), but as 1 the august representation of mind, of church. .There you hare gathered into one body the; bishop, the dean, the archdeacons,' the canons, the. laity.' The chapter,: from the eminence of; : its members, from -their representative character, from - the seemliness of the great temple and solemn services ! in’ which they come together, affords ,an august: repre sentation of unity of churches. . Some men think littlo of this. -I think muchof-it, for the peculiar danger;to religious life here is its spirit of separation.. This spirit respects- nothing better than selfishness and waywardness of individuals; itproduoesin ourtownshipssnd among our people nothing but weakness,, jealousy, heart-burnings; it is the great rock ahead of the Protestant democratic religion.: Most, fit and necessary, then, is it that we consider it so good a symbol of bur unity as shall strike the imagination thrpugh ths eyes, aid reduce to-visible insignificance the special independence of individuals and the .miserable feeling of parochial selfishness. I say, strike imagination through the eyes; this is the omy way of affecting-ordinary men. It is, for these various reasons, then, in connection with, the building, thb services, and the chapter, that I so earnestly desire to push on this’ groat work, to . which we hare put our hands : to-day. t-et there be no looking back, ho small fault-finding,.;no useless regrets, no selfish standing aloof: Criticism is effective in its place- when a determination-'is being formed, but afterwards it is mere feebleness. The'church assembly in successive years have - considered the claims' of ovary possible site’ and '-'have, deliberately, fixed upon that. of St. Paul’s. I am persuaded that their determination is . right. He that criticises' it - should have seen the crowds who on Good Friday and Easter'Sunday-were unable to obtain admission; he. should cut bis eye over those spires which mark the position of the principal churches of the different denominations within a stono’a-throw of this spot.'. The time for criticism is past, the time for action has come.: Let us all, then, with one heart and mind press forward to the goal of so many hopes in the name and for tha glory of Christ; our divine Master”. .Sir William Foster Stawell then spoke, and after a collection had beea taken up the proceedings concluded, with cheers for the Governor, bishop, dean, and Mr W. J. Clarke, who on the ground contributed a donation of £lOOO towards furthering the objects of it. 