?''?.'''' ? ? '-+— ? . -.-...?? Tlie production of the Juvenile Pinafore at ? the Bijou Theatre lias excited a' good deal of curiosity among theatre-goera during tho week. ' Pfeopje flocked to hear the tiny troupe imitate ''tlieir elders, jiist' as they would pay .their shilling to behold the pleasing excreita uons ox cuiicateu canaries. lNoveicy is ine order of tho day. If a cantatriee of world-: wide reputation, who, journeyed 10,000 miles to soothe the Bavage' breasts ' of antipodeans' found Tierae'lf warbling to empty benches in a vast ball, like apelican.in the wilderness; and if a new prima donna, over whom the mu sical critics shed tears of rapturous delight,7 played, to, about; 15s. jin 'the dress; cir,cle, nil owing toAhe.-fiuvre- created by the ju veiiilc prodigies at the Bijou, is it any won der thai loiid' resounding epithets should be flung -at- apublic who, like. the .Athenians in the ! ai)O3tqlie age, , . are always, ready . to run mad after somu.: new thing,.ieven1thong.h there may , bo notliing m,it?,'. HiM.S., Pinaforp, :aa performed by children, ib. 'a novelty, 'at least in' Meibourue. The entertainment is de cidedly amusing. At first ;it strikes one as more' siii ted', for. private theatricals given amongst friends, wherp all 'are more or less interested in the phenomenal precocity of the youngsters, an3 where the exercise of ' tho critical 'faculty 'on the part'-- of -any ':ouo present would- be '? regafdad -as a ' gross vio lafcidn of- the laws of- hospitality. To do ptlierwisij than to ? go into ecstasies .over the merits o£ the juveniles would, savor , of; churUshness. Tb^bring :the canons of criti cism to bear 'upon the. little deara would be like using a bludgeon to demolish- a mosquito, or. employ ing a sicam hammer to crack a nut, The, exhibition is simply. a musical curio., tobe interested; in, to be.maryeHed at, not to bo qiieationed. Good people or the editor of the Spectator 'might be ltd to make the very original remark- that' those children were better in-their beds; That i3 sheer nonsense. Those youngsters enter keenly into the spirit of the business, and few of them have not bad that experience in stage matters in connection Wijih pantomimea and other stage exhibition? which dojirives late hours of any sense of weariness, i At -the samo time many of the children are a, source of income to their {jaicnts, and gather not a little of the pleasure of the performance from tho fact that, young aa they are, they can be useful as well as in tpresting. It is a trite saying that there ia jio accounting for taste. A doting parent finds more music in the vociferous yells of a. healthy two-year-old than in the strains of the grandest diva that ever electrified the fashionable world ; and evidently the treble pipes of tho cloud of Lilbpntiau Bailors, with thoir sit,ter-, their cousins and their aunts, at tho Bijou, hail more real harmony for the audiences which patronised the th'.-atre during tho week than' the high-class opera music with which Mr. Xyster' has been regaling tlie public o£ late. Mrs. Lewis is to be complimented upon her success in training the children. Several of them exhibit exceptional talent for their years. Little Amy Brooks's. assumption of tho part' of the First Lord is very clever, especially in tlio mode of emphasising the words, closely follow ing the manner of Mr. lliceardi, who was per haps unsurpassable as Sir Joseph. Miss Graupncr, as the prima donna, though her voice is not pleasant, evinces a large amount of mimetic' power. It is to bo rf.grett.ed that Master Lewis was unable to appear to take the part of tbo Captain, inasmuch as hia absence necessitated Airs. Lewis taking his part, and her appearance amongst the juveniles goes far ?? to neutralise tho general effect of tho children acting as it were spontaneously. Besides, her acting shows the weakness of th'o children in that particular. The juvenile Pinafore could only be complete when none but juveniles are ciijragcd in its production. Again, the score might be modified in parts tho butter to suit the limited range of the voices. Tho children iilso should be made to bing with moderation in the ohorus. At present they simply seek to out-ycll each otlicr, and the effect is not satisfactory. A few of tho children havo tolerably fair voices, but none of thtm can be said to bo. equal to the nrasic. The coenery, by Mr. Harry Grist, was nil that could bo jdcuiicU. and the stage appointment*, generally were unexceptionable. Tho musical world are anxious to ascertain Mr. Lyiter's intentions. He ha* lost the ? serviced of Mr. Verdi; Signora- Bocma has severed ' her connection with the com pany ; Signor ami Signora Coy's names have disappeared from the biiis ; an-], jmlg im; from the vaguo announcements which. . have appeared regarding MnJiimo R-mc Hersi'e, it would appear as though ho wore about to lose this popular !..id talented little lady also. Tho principal musical event of the week ban been the dchul of a now prima donna, Miss Klsa May, at thy Opera House. BaltVa . Hiitaholla- was the opera chosen for her first appearance, and proved: 'to be a happy selection. The part of Satanclla. ia extremely arduous, necessitating no lessUian five changes of costume. .Tho music r; of ;i character to test the powers of tlm nrtiulo, biiug of every style, cuntahiie, llorid and dra matic,;and the' character itself rbquWeabottf poetic imagination and powerful 'acting to inj preBS the spectator, with tho vraitcmiilaiucoi the conception. Mjbs Elsa May is ;. entirely free from staginess, or any kind of gauc/tcricj' and her delivcry;.'of the 'few : fines, .nhtf has to speak, would suggest Jar severer, his trionic studiesthan are usually undertaken- by' ladies who adopt the operatic stage -!«. their profession. She does not startle by brilliant Jioriturc, but her paraphrasing.' is elegant. Miss OEIsa May ia a nativo of llelbburnc, anil her native city may well be proud'of her. AYo' would here take occasion to mention the ex traordinary numb.er of -fine voices which Vic- ' toria is producing. It appears to be the Italy o£ the southern hemisphere, Many are no doubt lost, or spoil t, by the absence of any in^ stiJMtion euch' as_ exists in thejprilicipal cities of Europe, giving facility, fo'r tlie proper train ing of musical talent, whether' instrumental ot vocal. Miss May is petite in- 'figiirei delir cato in health, deprecativo in manner, 'ab- normally nervous, preposterously timid, and lacking, in the .daah . and sprightlincss and Btylc that assists so much in making a -.piece .'go.' ..-, But ^ho;haa-a' voice, -of great natural sweetness nnjpjiitrity, thoug& somewhat . deficient, in .j 'jcujture. mJ Beaumont was , in BplcndjcV.7 voice and sang .the music of Count rKupor);, ,in fine cantahUc style.. His acting- also exhibiteil many admirable features, and served .tpTeUeVo the perforniancc of . the lioayincsajwitli.wbic^. itfieemed invested.. Mr. ArthurHowell mailo. a capital HortenBius. Ho possesaeUVfund of comic humor, and brings out the grbjcsiiucric of such parts as the^oldtutor in Sata'nella, and Don Belero, in .GirofliS Ge-rofla, with oxcellcnt effect. Miss Lambert was not very successful as the Countess Stella: '?' |n'fact thisCltidy'set domahines except in male:parial;: - A' worse v Grand Vizier wo have seldom seen, thai) that of Mr.Darbyshire,:and the. absufd-;cape--g-of-his attendant were calculated to, throw, ridicule ,\ip- on .the , whole .performance. .._, .On'^Vcdnea day e'veriing GirbHc-Girofld wiis.: repeated, Madame liose Hersee appearing in' tlio principal part. Sho had r.ebo^ered^hcl- voice, and sangand acted splendidty.-. Nothiag.covUil be; more delightful than, her rendering of, the' 8oii|; See how it SparMeB, foV.yiiucI^sheltfe sei-veilly - obtained a vociferous 'oncoYe-. ' liyjt evening Miss Elsa May appeare'd' as'iiheflranu Duchess. We- 'could- wish* to' -say: STkim% word of the' young lady's : perfonnnnoe, but it would-be absurd i;o assert othorvvjae than that it -was a crnel mopkeiy to assign her rv part for which she was ? neithor .by nat^nor by ti'aiii ing suited.. ' ; ; . . ..:-?-, ?; ',- '.'.'?? r,' .'.-,. ' ','.' :.'.- ? At the ''Xii^tro'^yai-'.i^'.Gra^taii'.I^iggs lias .been drawing .pretty fair, bouses ,as,tl-c Irish Detec,tiye, in; which ho assumfis a. inujti plicijju'of Cnna-acteM- aU- more ;pr less provoca-: tive of laughter. . .TliiSi evening a ^ now Aiiofea lian drama,; written. by. 'Mr.- Wy^bqrtRecye, aud entitled For Life, or tUeFoater Brothers, will be performed. J f ?.;_'??. ' - .On Saturday evpningtliere was .ppmincncwl at .tlie. Town Hall a fresh series of concortsby the ; Carlotta Patti Company ; the prices f 9r admission to the, south galk-ry and tho;balcony being reduced, .in; order that they might be rendered the mor^popular .; and the audience was thereby largely increased. The : occasion was also intonslefl to.be availed of for the intro duction of Mr.t'rain, a-tenor recently arrived in the colony, but considerable disappointment was caused by the announcement that that gentleman was unable, through indisposition, to appeal-. Madame Patti sang the aria, O Luco, from Donizetti's Linda di Chamomiix, with marked correctness, and in responding to ap plause gave the favorite, Within a Mile o£ Ediuboro' Town mo.st pleasingly. Tho bolero, Vespri Siciliaui, by Arerdi, was also well re ceived, and Cumin' Thro' the Bye was chosen ' for the encore song. Tbo fine duet L'Elicir D'Amore was rendered by Madame Patti and Signor Ciampi C'ollaj as the concluding contribution with decided miccess, the voices blending with great delicacy in the harmony, aiul resounding with appreciable clearness in the solo p.irtp. Mr. De Muiick illustrated each of hisseleetiunson the violoncello with a brilliancy of execution and richness of tone which were indicative of his known ability. An adagio of his own composition was ex ceedingly enjoyable as an interpretation of a difficult but beautiful theme. Signor Cellaj had' a considerable -share in tho concert, which was hardly consistent with tlie attainment of such success towards the conclusion as might have been desired ; but his earlier efforts, particularly L'Ksule, a romanza, by Gordi giaui, were very pleasing. A barcarole, from the opera Gianni d' Calais, noticeable for the correct manner in which it was sung, was given in response to an encore. A tarantelle, by Ro3sini, was also interpreted so well as to re quire the reappearance of tho vocalist, ^vhcn he responded with Poniatowski's Yeoman's wedding Bong : but the number which was anticipated with much interest, the, Chanson ilu Toreador, from Carmen, although tile manner iu which it was sung was without fault, suffered by reason of tho apparently fatigued condition of the singer's voice. Mdlle. Alive Cbarbonuet opened tho concert with a bril liant performance of Listz's Soptuor do Lucie, for. which she was deservedly applauded ; and in the second portion of tho programme contri buted an arrangement of her oivn of M'.ippari, from Martha, for the left hand only. Thp piece was a most difficult one for bucIi a performance, but Mdlle, Charbonnet succeeded admirably in sustaining tho melody throughout all the vari tions very completely, at tho samo time ex pressing clearly the several movements ; with which it was interwoven. In response to an encore the lady played Gottschalk's Tota Ara gonesa very skilfully. On Wednesday overl ing a splendid programme was presented. After her lato brief illness, Madamo Carlotta Putti made her re-appearance, and sang with her ac cuKtomcd ability a number of vocal selections, which gave great pleasure and satisfaction to the audience. In the second act oE the concert sho sang the jewel- Song from Faust, which was given with true ^dramatic expression, conveying with accuracy and beauty the idea of the composer. In reply to an irre sistible encore, fiho gave Coming Thro' the Rye. Mdlle. Alice Cliarbonnot pl:-ye-l neveral favorite selections, and wan encored on each occasion. Signor Ciampi Cellaj was, an. usual, very successful in the songs entrusted to. hijn. Mr. Ernest de Munck played on_the violoncello, and his grand performances inatorially- added to the pleasure of the evening. ' 'At* _the conceit on Tlmmlay evening thore^ w.i? a large audienct', and the contributions freto' vc- mnrkublc !-»? their general excellence.' JiladnOie l'atti was warmly' aud deservedly applauded fi:i- her Hinging of the sr.-vml aria, Xo chc non tici capacc, by ftiuzavl'; and in' rejpoii^o to' O derided encore sue gave Gana's Mia Ficcarella. In the second- portion of the programme her. ? rendering of/h, laughing song, by Taubert, was jo, pleasingly- acceptable that the. audience requested' a ri epetition, which was acceded. to.; Mr. Do Muiick's violoncello playing was characterised by his usual elegance and .grace. With Madame Tasca, who has been mlded to the company, Mi1. Do Muuclc played, a -luo''by Mendelssolm-^a aonfttii in D— f or the cello land . piano, with undoubted' effect. Madame- TascR, whose appearance- was marked by expressions of satisfaction,' also con tributed four solos, her most successful effort being a brillante andante and rondo capriccio3o by Mendelssohn, which was intor proted with great ability. ? Signov Ciampi Ccllaj was heard to better advantage than has bpen the case ajuce his 'introduction : to a Melbourne, audience ; and ilr. ' .Grain, who. possesses an: average ttnor' voice, .aud. made his first appearance in this city, was well, received. .' '? .'At' the People's Theatrc-on' Saturday night inore'wasa'chango ofprogifaminei.aud the varied; entertainment .submitted met with henrfy appreciation from a large house. The singing of. the .Mammoth MiiiBtrels in the first part -was 'very good. In a farce enti tled Casey the -Piper Mi1. Sain. Rickey as ' C:isey and Mr. M'Carthy as Mike M'Koniia succeeded in keeping the house amused ? for ovor i;\&iifcy.;\ minutes. . The -burlesque on the . opera.of;.4twitana, in which the Mammoth Minstrel? took part, also proved very amusing; On Saturday evening ? during Professor Pepper's lecture and -:entertainment in St. Goorgo's Hall, on the subject of Statuary, Ec' introduced ;ri novelty in the shape of two ghost scenes^ both;pf whiuh \veret neatly ?. exe- cuted. In the first scene the figure of a man etn'mling ? motionless 'Ail the stage was ?repre- sented, and in- the second a skeleton was re-' fleeted,' standing' in the same place.' 'Id both scencs:tlie'illusion was so well executed that to tho audience the -cause of tho apparition ap peared; inexplicable. : , ? . ''.'('. Thp.,!p,rjghtoii. Harmonic Society, at their .eleventh; subscription concert, held on Tuesday evening, 'p'erformijd'iBjruett's' cantata of ? the Ancient- Mariner; :Thelndy amateur/ a pupil of Mr. Herz, who sang the soprano so!o3, was in excellent voice, and acquitted herself well. MnlCendall, the tenor, was .yeipy successful.}' his singing of the Harbor Ba^ ;-and Mr. Jack, tho:bassj. sang .with .much sphitand expression, Swiftly, §wjftly,J?lew. .The choruses were well rendered: ? ' Mr.- Herz plftyed'^ueaccbmpani nients. and- also, conducted. ?;? ; _?.']? ? 