GENERAL NEWS. Samuel Moiu/ey, M.P., presided at a great mooting in tho l'hilanncmio Hall recently when about 3000 people attended, including most of tho Union. Mr. Morloy spoko in behalf of the Church Aid Society. He believed the great foaturo of tho present day was a growing in disposition to attonu public worship. This was pre-omiuoiitly the case in London. Ho hold London to'bo ono of tho most hcathonish parts of her Majesty's dominions. It was ccrnndored thatif .oS :j»r cent 6f tho people woro anxious to attond the churchcs and cliapols noxt Sunday morning thoro would be required 1,000, COO moro sittings than was provided. Tho most appalling truth connected With that fact was that, of tho sittings provided, not more than onc-htili wero occupied. — « London Times.' Komajt loungers woro treated to a rare spectnclo recently on tho Via Appia; a bicycle ratio botweon two ladies who both belong to the bost society and aro celebrated for their beauty. Thoy appeared on their iron steeds, arrayed in tho most coquettish of Spanish hats, vests, and tights. Tho fair winner was Mmo. Le Ghflit, tho pretty Wife of tho l''irat Secretary of tho Bolgian liegtttion. Much privation exists among tho straw-plait makers in Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire, tho prico of plait is about 'Id. por score ynrds, and it takes an avorago plaitcr a day to plait a score yards. Tho straw costs from Id. to Hd., so that thoro aro mniiy pcnplo Working for 3d. por day. But English plait at that low cost of production cannot compute In price with tho Canton plait, which 1b at present flooding our markets. A Geiiitau clorgyman, who was travelling, stoppod at an inn much frequented by wags and jokers. Tho host, not being used to havo a clorgyman at his table, looked at him with surpiiso. Tho guests used all thoir urtillory of wit upon him without oliciting a remark. Tho clergyman rtto his dihncr quiotly, apparently without observing the gibes and sneers of his neighbors. One of thom at last, in despair of his forbcarnnco, said to him, ' Well, I wondor at your pationco ! Have you not heard all that has been said to you F' 'Oh, yes; but I am used to it. Do you know who I am F' ' No, sir.' ' Woll, I will inform, you. I am chaplain of a lunatic Asylum. Such remarks havo no effect upon mo.' A MAS noted for his calmness and! a scolding wifo wits ono night stopped in the woods by a protended ghost. 'I catft stop, ray friend,'' said lio. ' If you aro a man, I must roquost you to got out of tho way nnd lot me pass. If you uro tho dovil, como along aud tako suppor, for I married your sistor.' Vat is your name P' enquired ft Gorman salesman of a customor. 'My name is Co*,' replied tho gentleman. ' Veil, how was dot nnmo spelled f' asked tho salesman. ' Why, C-o-x,' said tho customor. 'O! yah, I sco,' said our Gorman friond, as he wroto down C-o — ' But von't bloaso doll mo how you spoil dot X ?' . In* a recent Icoturo on 'Eolipso Problems,'1 Professor Chas. A. Young, of Princoton, said, with rafol-oiico to tho observed inereaso in tho rapidity of tho moon's motion, that tho discovory .led at ilrst to tho opinion that tho moon's orbit Was growing sliortor, and that ultimately tho mnoti Would como down vpyn us. More accurate calculation, howoveri shows that thoro is no dangor of so disastrous a result. Tho moon is not cowing nearer, bnt our day is growing longer) owing to tho friction of tho tidos upon tho earth's surfaco. Tho tidos act like a bralco, and slowly diminish tho spaed of tho earth's rotation. lloW do tho following facts liarmoniso with what wo hoard of tho pioty of tho Germans aftor tho lato war, and thoir strict obsorvanco of tho Sabbath? While an organ of tho cliurcli party lumonts that ' Dorlin of all Christian towns is tho ono which has proportionately tlio smallost numbor of churches, ' a free-thinking journal answers, 'tho pious ' Zoitung ' should huVo added that even tho fow churchos of which it speaks are always oinpty.' : It frequently liappons, wo nro told, that proacher and organ ist dopart without performing tho sorvico, owing to thoro not boing a single listener presont. Youxa man, don't swear. Swearing novor was good for a soro finger. It novor cured tho rlioumatismi nor helped to draw il priza in a lottery. It isn't recommended for liver com* plaint. It isn't suro against lightning, sowing machine agontsi nor any of tho ills which besot pcoplo through life. Thoro is no occasion for swearing outsido of a newspaper oltlco, whore it is useful in proof-reading and indispensably | necessary in getting formes to press. It has ?boon known, also, to materially assist tho editor in looking ovor the papor after it is printed. But otherwise it is a vory foolish and wicked habit. It is stated that tho Marquis of Bute intends to set apart a portion of his rents to form a fund, out of which assistance will bo givon to his farm tenants. . Thaxks to tho way in which tho Sydnoy Ex hibition has been managed, a number of repre sentative Austrian manufacturers will sond oxhibits to tho Molbourno Exhibition. Thoir friends' oxporionco of tho ouo inducos thom to support tho othor. 