A STRANGE STORY. The Geneva correspondent of the Thac writes, under date 17th December : — On the la«t day of November the body of a man who had evidently died a violent death was found iu the Sillerthal, canton Xhurgau. The first impression was that he had met with foul piay ; but the medical experts who were called in thought the wounds were sell- in dieted, and decided that it was a case of suicide. The body was identified as that of n man named Banmcler, a sawyer by trade, and a native of Lucerne. As to this there does not seem to have been the least doubt ; but the Amtmanti, of the district, as required by the law in such cases, had the fact properly attested, aud several master sawyers for whom Baumeler had worked, his own relatives and others declared that he was the man whose body had been found on the SilierthaL The local papers announced his death, and his friends were invited to ac company the funeral procession to the grave. His kinsfolk put on mourning for him, and the deceased, having been a Koman Catholic, was buried in the cemetery of Bischofflzell by a priest of that persuasion. The evening alter the interment, as a number of peasants aud neighbors weie airing merry in the village inn of BischofTzeli, who ahould walk in but the man who, as all supposed, had been laid quietly under the ground the day before ! This apparition excited at- first no little dismay, but when Baumeler ordered a plate of sausages, a loaf of bread, and a litre of lager beer the fears of the revellers were appeased. No mere ghost could be supposed capable of conduct so upgbostlike. Baumeler, who said he had been away on a journey, then heard tbe story of his death and burial, which seemed greatly to amuse him. From the inn he went to the presbytery and thanked the priest for the eloquent funeral oration which the latter had pronounced over his grave. He then called on the Amtmann, aud expressed his gratitude to that function ary /or the trouble he had taken on his be half. Baumeler has still another account to fec» tie. It appears that he does not enjoy an altogether spotless reputation, and after his supposed death a journal of the neighborhood tij.-uie some .unpleasant reflections on bis cuaracter. Baumeler, it is said, intends to proceed against this too impulsive paper for li'xfl. As for the bnriedman, no information ia as yet forthcoming, and the theory of murder is again revived. The police are making active inquiries with a view to ascer tain. the identity of the unknown, and to this end it is possible that the body may have to be exhumed. Meanwhile the strange incident, with its mixture of comedy and tragedy, has thrown the quiet village, of Bischoffisell into a state of unwonted excitement. 