"THE OLD TOLL-ROUSE> TO THH EDITOB. Sir—Through your valuable paper permit md to say a few words with reference to the letter of your correspondent, " A Viotim." In the first place I consider "A Viotim's'? letter an unwarrantable; and cowardly attack, on my managerial administration, and. X feel 'it doe to my patrons. and myself to - offer conclusive evidence of the exolusiveness of "A Victim's? ideas. Passing over such remarks as " unmiti gated imbecility," " oppressed;with the ranting," " melodramatio stride," &o.;, sc., I come to the sentence "It seems to be little short of an insult to rational human beings," &«. In this does "A Victim" mean to assert that our forefathers were not rational human. beings, for to this very play referred to and many! others of alike type did they delight to go, and at this present time grand revivals of the old school melodramatic plays constitute the source of income which enables a manager to produce the high- classed sesthetio plays which are patro nised by and supported indifferently well by the few, leaving the many to wait their tnrn of something to their liking. Compare even the " Old Toll-House" to some of the well-patronised and elevating performances of variety shows* minstrel companies, &o.;, and is the theatre, worse than those? In "A Victim's" loud complaint he betrays a mistaken knowledge of the vocation of the stage. '• A Victim" has had within the past six months 24 nights of comic opera, 24 nights , of Shake speare, nnd such high-class productions as "The Hunchback," " The Vestal," and others to re-: gale his exclusive appetite on, and why does he - begrudge those who delight in and support such! plays as the " Old Toll-House" .their right of irrational enjoyment? I as a caterer mustia clude all tastes. The press, which is acc3pt9d. all over the world as the critic's medium, con demn or uphold theatrical prodnctions with, judgment but without favor, and often are at fault as relates to the demands of the public; to wit, "Hew Babylon," although not by any" means praised by the press, still received libsral patronage for twelve nights. It is a well-known, fact that were exclusively high-class, perfor-' mances given by artists of the greatest ability, brought long distances. at' high salaries, the cost would be so muoh greater than the returns that there would not be half a theatre open here; a fact well known to managers at home and abroad, who always, have recourse to something startling, peculiar, and perhaps not over-refined, to replenish their' coffers, emptied in futile endeavors to educate the people to high- class entertainments such as "Manfred," "The Tempest," "Anthony and 01eopatra,"and a hundred others, each ofwhich have been the ruin either of an actor or n. manager. In conolnsion I most say; that Ade laide and " A Viotim " have had a fair share of the importations of the sister colonies, both as to artists and pieces. Together with an oft-, repeated remark of the press, Messrs. Greswibk and Fairclough, Miss Dargon, and othera^.have said that my company is eqoal to any in the Southern Hemisphere. That theatrioal manage ment is a matter of £ s. d. the figures herewith., will show :— Tworepresentations " The Huachback"£63 14 0 , Two do. "The Vestal"..... 58 5 0. Two do. '".Richelieu" ... . 82 12 6, Two do. " New Babylon" ' 280 5 6 —thereby showing the taBte of the people. I have as great an antipathy as anyone to the , ' production of a piece likely to meet the dis-.' approval of my patrons, but I am certainly not going to hold the mirror up to nature alway s before the ball; let us look at it sometimes after, coming Lome, a time whioh does not suit " A Victim." However, the forthcoming, opera season and Ketten's pianoforte recitals, will give your correspondent the desired outlet for his. exclusive taste. "A Viotim" may have, his money returned by calling'at the theatre j treasury, and must in future wait the second i representation, lest he should be victimised. agam.— I am, &o.;, J.ALLISON. September 6,1880. . TO THE EDITOB. Sir—I.noticed in your paper this morning that; a correspondent signing himself "A Victim" has taken upon himself to utterly- condemn as " unmitigated imbecility" the drama which is at present being performed to very good houses at ithe Theatre Boyal. Now, apart from the slight: i which " A Viotim" thus puts upon the intelli gence of the numerous patrons of the theatre during this performance, will you allow me to ; {inform bim that this same piece whioh lie so., {harshly decries has been. played to large, audiences and has received flattering, notices from the best critics in London, Melbourne, and J ; Sydney, in each of whioh cities it had a very igood run, where theatre-goers are at least as {intelligent and . discriminative as they. are' ;in Adelaide. In .faot. here, too,. we have. < proof that .• the people, do not,- look on the piece with the same jaundiced eye as your correspondent, for, notwithstanding the :,(stale jokes" and " general drunkenness,", to gether with other failings and shortcomings which he lays to.the eharge qS the drama, they" testify by their presenceandapplausethatthey at least are satisfied; and after. all: it is for their i amusement and : edification that the piece is performed, and not for the. sole benefit and de- - lactation of "A Victim." The ■ ghosts. in - "Hamlet"and "Macbeth" are hardly probable,-• <yet wiU^ A Victim" cavil: at them; and in many; other tragedies and comedies both probability. and the. unities of the drama-, are outraged.. iWhy then is the " Old,Toll-House" singled oat. and set upon as a fearful example ? I pause for £ a reply. I have no wish to..hide myself .behind, a rum de plume as " A viotim has done. -I am, 50*9 LEONARD ST. LAWRENCE. Theatre Royal, September 6,1880. 