??[??I THE NATURALIST. ; '?'. ;..--'-v*.;\ 'VBLiAb-'ANiiiAisL. .. ; ? '.;:,.; ?' '??-??? ?????.? ; . fsODTSMAN.] : , . . . To the yast. majority, of living creatures ?there carti8carOBlybe a greater misfortune 'than -that'-' of -blindness, yet there are vory many;; ?'/speoies ??? of 'blind ? animahj 'known— and reoent deopisea ojqjlorations havd'added considerably to their 'number — whose want 'of' vision canno be considered as eniailin'ff' anv'aikadvn.nt.itro: ?ivliile in some cases it may even be regarded as ;a|gaiii, „ Among the lower forpis of anima^ life there would seem to bo Borne relation bo. , tw-epn .locoinotion. and the ..power .of vision, ..creatures loading a ;rQamijjgrlifo .being usually . possessed of: woU-developod eyos; ivliUe others, : ihigher. in'ithe. Scale of organiaation, but seden tary in thohihabit3, are Either eyeless or have the; ..organs qf eight imperfectly developed. -..Tliisrjs .spocially-observable in (those creatures ;-vhioh-in; the early stages of , their existence ore free-swjmnung .and .active, but whichiafter wards fix. themselves .permanently to some BOiia object, as m the case of barriaoles. These, in the young state, move about freely, in the water, arid 'possess well developed eyes; on' reaching maturity, however/ they fixthem ?selve3 for the remainder of their lives to rooks, ?which ' thoy. cover ..us -withT u coating, of rugged; bark, at the Baroe , time losing, entirely,,. their, organs vt.. sight. It would; be...difHeult , to- understana.; how an ani mal . thus , fixed to one spot could be benefited by the possession of visual organs, for the mere sight of food/which.'it.could by no .possibility redchiwould be no' advantage. These and other 'creature's similarly; situated are ac oordinglypfovided with long arms or tontaoles, in some case3 furnished with stings/which they wave about rimthe water in search- of passing proyi. .Light, iowever .dim,, is essential to yision, and there are many apeciea of anunak jvlioso total blindness is to |be accounted for by the total darkness in , which they, live. Eyes ore, of no use' to the mole as it rashes along its Bubterrahean galleries, while, owing to their liability 'to injury, rthey would Tjeactually detri mental to 'it in ita burrowing operations. The eyes of Hhe- British mole -have- accordingly, ' through disuse, grown so small as scarcely to' be perceptible, while those of .the mole found 'in Southern Europe are wholly covered ovor with Bldn.andfur.- Although .nature's law of parsi mony thus leads to the gradual obliteration of Jin organ no longer required,. nature's balance is still maintained by a correspondingly greater development '.of such. sense organs as are avail able.' ? Inrrioleai accofdinirlv. :the senses of smellirig and hearing aro both remarkably 'acute. : In this country there are occasionally obtained' from wells, ' some of them very old, dthera.sonly recently: dug,' little fresh-water ishrimps, in which the eye3 are either rudimen itary or altogethergone. .Thoseare' mostly of that ,pale, white color which usually indicates in both planta^ojid animals the .absence of light, and .they are, said to perish on removal from their congenial darkness; They are different specir 'fically'from;those found iri surface' waters, and may therefore be presumed to .have lived in the ; subterranean waters -which feed those wells, for an indefinitely long period. The best known examples, howbvef, of blind specie's of ; animals are those to bo found in the great limestone cavcrn3 of. Europe and _Amerioa.! ;In the Alleghany and Mississippi valley. re- giona of America alone the galleries of rthose eaves are inany thousands of miles in length, and are diversified by subterranean rivers, lakes and dry land, each with ita own appro priate fauna. Ono of the most extensive and best known of these is the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky^ the galleries of which aro upwards of 12 miles in length, and where a consider able number of blind animals belonging to the most ? diverse classes occur, the eye3 of whieh are found to be in various stago3 of oblitera tion. There is tho blind fish (AmUyopm), in which tho eyes appuar to bo totally gone, which also occurs in tho oqually extensive but less known Wyandotte Cave in Indiana, where it was recently obtained by Professor Cope. He found that tho3e blind fish, when not alarmed, came to tho surfaco to feed, and swam in full sight 'liko white aquatic ghosts.1' Being perfectly blind, they can be readily captured with the hand provided tho most perfect silence is maintained. Their sense of hearing, saya Professor Cope, is evi dently very acute, for at any noise thoy turn suddenly downward and hide themselves bo neath stones in tho bottom. Equally interest ing .aro the blind cray-figh of those caves, in which, as Dam-in remarks, the footstalk for the eye remains, though the oyo U gone. 'The stand for the telescope is there, though the telescope, with its glosses, has been lost.'1 Itis .significant, ^however, of tho modo of origin of those blind crustacean3 that in the ; young the eyes nre distinctly visible. Those American caves likewise contain several spe cies of blind beetles, spiders, shrimp-like. oroa- tnres and centipedes. Tho largest cave in Europo'is.that of Adelsberg, in Cnrniola, and this has supplied naturalists with a consider able number of eyoles3 species, tho mo3t re markable of these beingtho Proteus — an am phibian, about a foot in length, of a pale, gliastly color, and having its rudimentary eyes covered over with skin. The recent .in vestiga- tious into the fauna, of the deep neas hns also diaclosed the fact that tho caves of ocean con tain sightless animals. At depths varying from a few hundreds to nearly 2000 fathoms, the Challenger ' dredgo .brought up several species of sta'lk-eyed.'yet eyeless crustaceans, no trr.co Of tlift sfcllllCS OVPTl On -Wllipll f}ln nvnu ntv- rJnnnA remaining. The darkness at such depths must' bo profonnd, and that it is 'the causo of blind Iieis in those abyasal creatures would appear from a remarkable instance narrated by Sir Wyvillo Thomson :iii Li3 'Dopths of the Sea,' of a, crustacean spocunens of which( taken in shallow water, .were found to have well-developed eyes, while others taken from a depth of 110 to 370 fathoms liad only the eye stalks, the eyes at their ends h&ug; replaced iby round calcareous knobs, while in others, still of tho samo species, obtained from. a depth ivaryihgfrom 500 to 700 fathoms, the eye-stalks, ihad completely changed their cliaracter, being mo longer moyeable, and their terminations 'being joined together so as to form a pointed irestrum. Strango to Bay, however, at equally {profound* depths other crustaceans wero brought 'up in which the eyes were unusually well de veloped, and ' apparently tit great delicacy.' This would eeoaa to show that deep sea oxiab encein what must after all not be absolute ' dnrknegs^docs hot necessarily extinguish the 'organ of jision; whether .it shall do so, or 'whiitherthooye shall, as in the owl and other njoctdrnil animals, become adapted to the com parative ?atirkness, depending probably on a ] ?greati'Tariety -of circumstances. 'Is itpos-| isihle,!' .Bay3.iBir Wy ville :.TliomBon, ' that in.] ?certain cases, as the sunlight, diminishes, the ipowcr of vision becomes jnora acute, while at length; the. eye becomes susceptible of the stimulus, of' the .faihtor light of phosphor iesdence ?',. During i-ecent dredgings in the j Caspian Sea' Dr. Oscar Griuun discovered a j ?larco number of new.Bpecies of crustaceans, many of which were either blind or had defec tive organs of vision, while 'at Bunihvr depths I he found other 'species, the h»rge, convex, black eyes ' of : which' he says ''certainly absorb a sufiioienoy of light even in the darkness of :the_. depths.'; He, however, found that in tlio case pi t\\\e blind species itho eyes were replaced by iother highly developed senso organs. On tlie theory that each speoies of animal has been seporaltely created, all'the blind fonn3 found in ?caves and ocean deptli3 must be regarded as having -been created blind: Probably in-no case, however, can it be said that the rudiments ?of eyes- ore entirely : awanting; while in the ybnng, and especially in the embryo, thoy are (usually ranch more apparent. iTheBpecialicroa tionist is therefore bound to give some reasou .ablo explanation of-. -the presence , in. creatures i destined to live in total darknes.3 of those use; less rudiments. This, it cannot be said, has yet been done ; meaiiwhiio the evolution hypo thesis 'offers tho explanation that'-thbse rudi mentary eyos are the result ' of the disuse of 'those organs through the long res'idenoe in idorkness of a succession of creatures which ? originally -.entered on a subterranean Hie in the iull poaaesBion of eyeaight. In short, the ab sence of rudimentary organs in annuals would, wo'venture ,to Boy, bo about .as fatal to the. doctrine of evolution as their presence iui doubtedly !is to that of Bpobial creation. On the theory;, that those blind anhnals.are the -modified1 desc'endantfi of Rnpnina -wKinli nnnn 'lived above ground, it -might be expected that in some .cases at least thoy would show affinity; with'-formB now inhabiting the surrounding rebnntry j ond:this has been shown to be the case.- 'A. few, jhowever, as the bUndfiBh »nd ?the Proteus,. are .exceedingly anomalous ; but it is not too much to suppo3e that the ancos tors .of , thoso, having been ; , beaten in the .Btrugglefor existence, died ,out, while those of then- niunbor which, betook, thomselyes tp the caves have survived, owing to the less severe competition thereericounteredi just asthe rem,T narits 'of contiiiered.' nations have sometimes Isucceeded in -maintaining-1 their separate ex istence and independence by retiring to their mountain fastnesses. ' ? ? . ' 