(?Yoon nn occoiionanl rorrrrpoodcnl.)l · Thea nluaivrunay of! ti openiig of the Ploonim Divijion, No. 11, Sonn of Tomperanco, wan cole. brotad on Monday eveniog, 21e.t inatant, at their new hall by a public tea and concert. The tea was preparol by our la:ly friendsl, who are always to the front onll eh occasiOns. There were about two hundred present, who after partaking and eojoying the good things provided, the hall was cleared pro. paratlory to the concert. The worthy patriarch of the division, Mr. James WVatman, was voted to the chair, who after a few preliminary remarks ealled upon Mr. W. Biresford for an overture on the piano entitled Dan Credo, which was executed in splendid time and style, and met with rapturous applause. Mr. W. R. Beasley sang in his usual good voies and style Footsteps on the Stairs, for which he received an encore. Mr. W. T. Bingham next recited the Legend,of Alten. nalu, and met with a hearty biurst of applause. ' A' song entitled Mother Kissed Me iin my Dreams was rendered by Mr. Jas. Bonsley, and received a well. merited round of applause. Mr..W.- H..Worrall followed with a recitation, entitled Toll's Addross to His Native Mountains, which was rondeird very fairly and received a headry burst of. applasa. alt'. Groomos sang All Fours in good style, for which.ho received an encore and rendered Kitty;.Wells. :Mr. Wilkins followed with a recitation entitled Iomoe, and received a good round of applause.. A porl.song entitled Take this Messago to my Mother was rdn derod in good style by the. Misses :Christie and re. calved a well-merited burst of applause. :A comic recitation entitled Paudoen O'Rafferty's Say Voyarig was rendered in very humorous style by Mr. B. Collett, for which he received a good round' of ap planes. Mr. W. Spiers followed with thet British Lion, which he rendered very nicely and received a well-morited encore, and sang I Will Stand By My Friond. A song entitled My Darling Mignionetto was rendered by Mr. Wilkins in his usual style, and received a burst of applause. Tihe next song was decidedly the gem of the evening entitled the Village Blackautith, which was rendered by Mr. Beresford in his usual good stylo, and received a well.nmerited encore, when hl Iang Fat Gray Man. l. r Me Farlan sang in his usual rtyle Kat. Motney's Fortune, asnd receiving an encore rendered Wild Irishman. Thisl brought the first part of the programme to a conclu sion, and anl intermission of toen minutes was an. nounced. Mr. Beresford olpoued the ':econdd part by the rondering of an overture on the piano, Agnes Sorrell [Quadrilles, which li executed in:.grnud style andt received a well-morited round of applauslae., A.prt song was next rendered by Mr; W. lt. irBoiloy, niad .the Misses Christio, for which tlhey recci?ed a goo-d ,round :of applause. A recitatlon;:tho' amlbloi"'s Wife, was next rendered Iy Mr. Wilkins in his'tsnial 'style, and received a good burst of applatso. A part song, Far Away, was next rendered by the Misses Christie and Thurkettle, and received a well-moritd encore. Mr. J. Spring followed with a recitation, the Fahonham Ghost, wshich he rendered in a very humorous mannor and was ral)turously applauded. Mr. J. Bonsley followed with a song, Wdlling in the Starlight, which he rendered very fairly and received an encore. Mr. H. Worrall recited the Chargo of the Light Brigade fairly, and received sa good round of applause. Mr. W. Boresford sasng the Skipper and his Boy in splensdid style, and received a well merited encore. Mr. J. Spring followed with a recitation, which he rendered very fairly, and re ceived a well-merited burst of applause. Mr. W. Spiers followed with the motto song, Pltlling Hlard Against the Stream, which he sang in tolling style and was rapturously applauded. A recitation, A Second Casabianca, was rendered fairly by Mr. W. T. Bingham and was applauded. Mr. W. Boresflod followed with the song When Other Lips, and re ceived a well- merited encoro, and rendered the Bashful Mlan. Mr. W. MIacny followed with the sosng, Annie Laurie, which Ise rendered very nicely and was applauded. Mr. Thurl:ktltl sang the RIose of Alabama nicely, and was encored. Mr. W. Bona loy snsg, in his usual good style., Still so Gently o'sr nme Stealing, and was applaudnd. fMr. Groomt!s followed with The Belloof the Ball3, and was encored. Mr. Borenford rendered My Guiding Star in telling: style and was raplturously escored, and sang The Anollor's Weighed. This brought the programsme to a conclusion, and fMr. J. Worrall casto forward and said it was tihe intention of v of Sceeral of the resildeots of the townsthip to give Mr. B3cresforsd a benefit for the servicea that he hlad rendered by attending and playintg at their concerts without fee or reward. 11o had emuch pleasure in bespeaking on his behalf the atteodanee of the audience on the evening of next WeVcdnesday fortnight. Votes of tlhasnls were given to the chairman, lady and gentlemen friends, and Mr. lBeres?ford, and tihe singing of the National Anthem brought this merry meeoting to a close. 21st Juno. 