LONDON GOSSIP. London, May 7. THE SEW GOVERNMENT. Air. Gladstone has now formed the strongest Government which England has seen since the early days of Lord Aberdeen's Coalition Ministry. With two or three exceptions he has mclaaed in tbe new ministry all tne ablest members of the Liberal party in both Houses of Parliament, and the omissions which he has made have been forced upon him by the incon venient circumstance that there are more candi dates for office than there are offices to fill. Someeomplaints, of course, have been made, but I imagine that a Government has never been found in which the round men found their way to a greater extent into the round holes. Although most of the leading Radicals are now members of the Government, there will still be an ad vanced Liberal party in the House of Commons, and I imagine that the leaders of that party will be Mr. Baxter, Mr. Stansfeld, Sir Wilfrid Law son, Mr. Trevelyan, Mr. Rylanda, and Mr. Courtney. That the Ministry should have been completely constituted without all, or at least some, of these men being in it only shows how rich the Liberals are in men of political ability. WET THE QUEBH SENT FOB LORD HABTIHGTOH. We shall perhaps never know why the Queen sent for Lord Harrington. The Tories say it was the right thiug for Her Majesty to do, because the general election was a House of Commons affair, and therefore the only states man to whom the Queen could entrust the formation of the new Ministry was the leader of the Opposition in that House. Many people, however, shrewdly suspect that Lord Beacons field advised his royal mistress to send for Lord Hartington in the hope of exciting his ambi tion, and thus provoking a misunderstanding between him and Lord Granville and Mr. Glad stone. If there is any truth in this theory, the ex-Prime Minister reckoned without his host. Lord Hartington is so disinterested a man that when the leadership of the House of Commons was vacant, and the choice of a successor to Mr. Gladstone notoriously lay between him and Mr. Forster, he and his family gave all their influence in support of the claims of his rival to lead the party. Lord Hartington not only refused to be promoted above the heads of his two eminent colleagues, but frankly told Her Majesty that both be and Lord Granville were agreed that Mr. Gladstone was the only Liberal statesman who could form an Administration. This view was emphatically endorsed by Lord Granville at Windsor Castle on the following day. I am betraying no secrets when I say that it was with great reluctance that the Queen sent for her old Minister; but, whatever her personal prepossessions may have been, she was not in the least likely to forget her duty as a Constitutional Sovereign. Acting upon the advice of Lords Hartington and Granville, she summoned Mr. Gladstone to Windsor, and on his arrival at the Castle she received him with unaffected kindness and cordiality. In an instant the clouds which had been gathering for six years were cleared away, and the friendly relations which formerly existed between Her Majesty and the veteran statesman were restored, I hope never again to be broken. Those relations were strengthened by a visit which on the following day the Prince of Wales paid to Mr. Gladstone in Harley street, where, with that good tact which characterizes him, he showed a really critical appreciation of the works of art with which Mr. Gladstone delights to adorn his dwelling. j THE HEW UNDER' SECRETARY FOB FOREIGN I AFFAIRS. I do not propose to give a narrative of the formation of the new Ministry, but I should like to mention a few facts which throw light upon that interesting subject. Perhaps there was 110 single thing connected with Mr. Glad stone's task which excited more general curio sity than the question of the place he would offer to Sir Oharles Dilke. The world has not forgotten the speech which, msny years ago, Sir Oharles delivered on the Queen's Civil List, but the world also knows that the member for Chelsea has thoroughly qualified himself for the higher walks of statesmanship, and that no Liberal Government of which he was not an influential member could be regarded as com plete. Mr. Gladstone invited him to accept tbe office of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. His friends and tbe Liberal party gene rally naturally nrged that he was en titled to a seat in the Cabinet; and there is not the least doubt that if he had chosen to assert his claims to high office he must at once have been raised to the rank of a Cabinet Minister. Sir Oharles, how ever, had other views and intentions. He made np his mind that he would not take office at all nnless the Advanced Liberal party, of which he is the most notable member, was represented in tbe Cabinet; but, with the generosity which I can arer is eminently characteristic of him, he deter mined that his friend Mr. Chamberlain—and not himself—should be admitted to the inner circle of tbe Administration. After a delay of twenty fonr hoars he gained his point, and Mr. Cham berlain was appointed to tbe Presidency of the Board of Trade, with a seat in the Cabinet. Seldom in political history has there ever been euch an act of self-abnegation. I know it is said that Her Majesty entertained a rooted objection to the admission of Sir Charles Dilke into the Cabinet—at least for tbe present—and that the knowledge of this fact influenced him in deciding to accept the lesser office. This, however, is an entire mistake; for I believe it is absolutely certain that the Queen has declared that she would have preferred to see Sir 0. Dilke in the Cabinet instead of Mr. Chamber lain. This expresses the general feeling of the public; but Sir O. Dilke is eminently a man who can afford to wait, while at the same time it should be remembered that, even if he had gone into the Cabinet, it ib not likely that he wonld have been called npon to fill any office half so important as that of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. THE HEW FOSTHASTER-QENERAI,. Mr. Fawcett's elevation to the Postmaster Generalship is another appointment which has given universal satisfaction. The marvellous manner in which he has triumphed over an infirmity which would have paralysed the energies and blasted the existence of most men has always secured for him a large measure of public sympathy. There was much speculation as to whether Mr. Gladstone would iuvite him to enter tbe Government at all. I have reason to believe that if he had enjoyed tbe blessing of sight Mr. Gladstone would at once have offered him a seat in the Cabinet. He hesi tated to do so, not from any lack of faith in Mr. Fawcett's power to rise superior to physical debility, but because of the absolutely confi dential nature of many of the communications which are regularly forwarded from the various departments to tbe various members of the Cabi net. It was, of course, possible that this difficulty might he overcome; but Mr. Gladstone thought it desirable that Mr. Fawcett should, in the first instance, preside over a department in which there are few State secrets to be concealed. Singular as it may seem, I believe it is neverthe less a fact that there is no office in tbe Govern ment in which the faculty of sight is less neces sary than in that of Postmaster-General. Another circumstance connected with Mr. Fawcett also deserves to be mentioned. It has rarely happened in the political history of Eng land that two representatives of the same con stituency have been in the Government at the same time. "Set this is what has taken place in Hackney, where Mr. Fawcett has for bis colleague Mr. John Holms, who has just been appointed a Lord of the Treasury, with an intimation that he will be entrusted with important financial work under the direct personal supervision of the Prime Minister. If a month ago anybody had predicted that at. the beginning of the month of May Mr. Fawcett and Mr. John Holms would bo'h have been members of a Liberal Government, the prophet would tiave assuredly been well laughed at for bis pains. " lobd tows." The elevation of Mr. Lowe to the House of Lcrds, although it fittingly crowns his erratic career, is really a somewhat diverting incident. There was no place in the Oabinet for Mr. Lowe. His escapades greatly assisted to promote the downfall of the Gladstone Cabinet in 1874, and although he has shown marvellous readiness to change bis front on the county franchise question it was impossible to entrnst him with the control of a [great department of State. Moreover, Mr. Lowe is not so young as he was. ' In the House of Commous he has shown various signs of failing powers, and on one memorable occasion be broke down in the middle of a speech, and was compelled abruptly to leave the Chamber which had witnessed so many of his oratorical successes. As the House of Lords is an asylum for broken-down or UBed-np politicians, it was only to be expected that Mr. Gladstone would offer his old colleague a peer age. Mr. Lowe has no children, and conse quently no question arises as to whether he has a fortune large enough to support a title. Whep he was told that a peerage would be conferred upon him he was addressed as "LordLowe." " Surely," he exclaimed somewhat excitedly," I am not bound to call myself by that name." Although it is said be is about to be trans formed into Viscount Sherbrook, depend upon it that it is as " Bob Lowe" that he will be known to posterity. MB. FOBSTEB AND THE COLONIES. Mr. W. E. Forster was most anxious to be come Secretary for the Colonies. I do not know of any other public man who had so carefully prepared himself for that responsible office. When a young man he wrote in the Edinburgh Review laborious but able articles on colonial questions. The first Government office he ever filled was that of Colonial Under-Secretary, and while employed in that capacity he distin guished himself by his untiring assiduity in mastering the business of his department. While in the cold shade of Opposition he delivered more than one speech which ex cited world-wide attention by its states manlike breadth of sympathy and graap of facts. For my part, I confess that I was one of those who regarded his accession to the Colonial Secretaryship as a foregone conclusion. Mr. Glad stone, however, thought otherwise. When the new Ministry was still innubibus it was inti mated to Mr. Forster that Lord Kimberley would return to the Colonial Office, and that he wonld be asked to serve as Chief Secretary for Ireland. This arrangement is a disappointment to Mr. Forster, and I am sure it will excite general regret in the colonies, where his rough but manly and straightforward character has always been appreciated. A DISAPPOINTED STATESMAN. I will now mention the most painful incident in connection with recent political changes. Some time ago Lord Cardwell had a cerebral attack, which compelled him to retire to Cannes. His affliction excited great sympathy, because he is the most genial and kind-hearted of men. He is a man of ataid—not to say solemn- — appearance, but this only makes his great n&tnral; fund of humour the more irresistible. He does not. study his jokes like Bernal Osborne or Sir Wilfrid Lawaon. They are perfectly spontaneous, and uttered with as much gravity as to be irresistible in provoking laughter. The reader, therefore, will understand why his illness should have called forth more tban conventional expressions of regret. At the i same time, it was manifestly impossible that he could become one of Her Majesty's present advisers. Lord Cardwell, however, it appears, does not take this view of the matter, and is, indeed, greatly hurt that Mr. Gladstone should have passed him over in favour of a younger j man. How strong must be the love of office when even the shadow of a great physical | calamity is unsble to weaken the strength of a man's ambition! THE MEW PBEMIEB IN DOWNINQ-STBEET. Mr. Gladstone is about to transfer himself and family from Harley-street—that most monotonous and unlively of fashionable { tboronghfares—to his official residences in 1 Downing-street. I use the word "residences" becouse, as he is Chancellor of the Exchequer as well as Prime Minuter, he is entitled to two houses. Fortunately these two houses are next door to one another, and thus a means of communication between them can readily be established. Their exterior is the reverse of imposing, so much so that it ia difficult to make country cousins believe that Downing-street contains the official residences of some of the greatest personages in therealm. But the interior j ef the dwellings allotted to the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer quickly dis arms criticism. A good deal of the public money was spent in making Sir Stafford Northcote comfortable; but I am assured that the expendi ture lavished on the decoration of Lord Beacons field's abode was so great that the clerk at the Board of Works whose duty it was to audit tho accounts refused to pass them, and this necessary formality had to be performed by a more highly placed person. The truth is that Lord Beaceusfield delights in splendour. In this he presents a singular contrast to the new Prime Minister, whose tastes are simple and domestic, and who has shown his owa disregard for stars and titles by remaining without a single decora tion. THE DANITES. This is the title of a sensational play by Joaquin Miller, which, after running a highly successful career extending over three years in various cities of the United States, has been imported here bodily—that is to say, in all the streDgthof the original _ company of American actors who secured its triumph. Mrs. Batoman has placed it on the stage of the new Sadler's Wells Theatre with every scenic advantage necessary to do it justice. Much of the incident and dialogue of this curious piece, which is drawing large and enthusiastic houses, is unmistakably founded upon Bret Harte's alternately humorous and pathetic pictures of life among the miners of California, and indeed many passages are merely repetitions in the mouths of new personages of the sayings of which every reader of that writer's brilliant and original sketches has long been familiar. In particular, a scene in which the whole population of " The Forks" is supposed to pay a visit of curiosity and congra tulation to a hut wherein a baby has been born, is manifestly suggested by—though far inferior to—the wonderful story called " Tbe Luck of Boariug Camp. It is a pity that the author of " The Danites," while avowedly drawing upon Mr. Bret Harte's stores for his scenes and chief characters, did not imitate that consummate artist's reticence and brevity in the portrayal of emotional feeling. Had he done so, much high-falutin rodomontade of the conventional melodramatic type could have been ruthlessly cnt out; and though the ill-starred heroine, Nancy Williams (alias Billy Piper), would have bad fewer lines to speak, the result would have been a drama of a far more unique kind, appeal ing to a more educated class of playgoers, with out being less acceptable to the denizens of Olerkenwell and Islington. A MOBliON PLOT. But while the general features of the piece are derived from Bret Harte, the plot is sug gested by one of the most odions traditions of Mormon ism, that associated with the Danites or Destroying Angels, who in this particular instance are supposed to devote themselves to the utter extermination of an entire family named Williams, whose father was suspected of complicity in the murder of Joseph Smith. Nancy Williams, a very yeung girl, is the last one left of the doomed family, and being tracked from place to place by two human bloodhounds, she seeks asylum and effacement in male disguise among the miners of the Sierras, where she cherishes an unhappy attachment for Sandy McGee, the ignorant but true-hearted hero who has once saved her life, but does not recognise her in the rough rags of a boy gold-digger; and where in the sequel she falls into great tribulation and unmerited obloquy on account of her inti macy with Huldah Brown, the one respectable woman in the camp, who, being married to Sandy, admits her to a familiar and affectionate intercourse, which is misconstrued by the citizens of The Forks. These trials of the heart and circumstance give occasion for many impas sioned and stilted harangues, which, however well delivered by Mrs. Mackee Rankin, the American actress, who is the coadjutor of her very talented husband, Mr. Mackee Rankin, in the leading roles, mar the homogeneous charac ter of the drama. Nevertheless, they are well received, and even many tears are shed; and when the two Danites are eventually strung up by order of Judge Lynch, and Nancy, once more clothed in womanly fashion, learns that an elder brother has escaped the massacre of his race to enjoy a prosperons life in Chicago, the simple-minded spectators dry their tears and go away rejoicing. THB " CASTLE 8PECTBH." The lessee of the Gaiety Theatre is now giving a series of afternoon performances pro fessedly designed to show, not how good, but how foolish and bad were the pieces to whhh enr fathers and mothers, at the beginning of the century, were wont to listen. Last Wednesday Matthew Lewis's " Castle Spectre" was doomed to stand the fire of a critical audience. The author owed snch reputation as he enjoys chiefly to his fortune and good nature, which enabled him to keep what company he chose. His most notorious production, written when he was only twenty years of age, has long been banished from decent book-shelves. The "Castle Spectre," which was written when " Monk Lewis" was only two-and-twenty, enjoyed a good deal of popularity in its day, but only such popularity as is accorded in these times to "sensational dramas" of even less merit, for it would be most unjust to suppose that it was ever regarded as a bona-fide contribution to English literature. The story is of the wildest. There is a villanous Earl Osmond, who has seized the family domain after murdering his elder brother and sister-in-law, and only letting their infant daughter escape by "the skin of her teeth." But the elder brother was not quite killed. His life was preserved by Osmond's confidential follower Kenric, who chained him to a stone in an underground dun geon, and there kept him for sixteen years with a view to turning his existence into a weapon of self-interest against Osmond, should the neces sity arise. In the meantime, the murdered Lady Evelina's ghost bannts the castle, singing the lullaby with which she was wont to hush her child to sleep, and frightening the dependents of the place, but without accomplishing any thing in particular, until Osmond has seized upon his niece, the lady Angela, now grown to woman's estate, aod confined her in a dismal chamber, from whence he swears that she shall not emerge except to marry him, and thereby confirm his title to the property beyond al? | question. Then, at the witching hour of mid night, the castle spectre relieves the young lady's lonely confinement by issuing from a pair of folding doors clad in the most accepted ghostly style of pure white drapery, and, having by graceful gesticulations " made Angela understand that it is indeed her mother's spirit enme to visit her, glides back into the recess, and leaves her upon the ground in a fainting fit. When the curtain dropped on this act the ironical cheers from the floor of the house reached their climax, and not only Miss Louise Willes, who played the Lady Angela, but the " ghost" was summoned back to the stage. The last act takes place in the dungeon of the captive brother Reginald, whose daughter, guided through subterranean passages by a friendly friar, who wishes to secure her escape, comes accidentally upon his solitude. Then an identification and affectionate reunion take place, which doubtless drew tears from the spectators of a bygone day, bat which evoked derisive laughter from the occupants of the Gaiety stalls—so much the worse for them. The event portrayed was not laughable, how ever stilted the language of it or silly the inci dents which preceded it. In the end a rescue is effected -by Angela's true lover Earl Percy, the wicked Osmond is slain, and the ghost ap pears for the last time, standing in an attitude of benediction over her united husband and child. I confess that my feeling is against thns bringing forward forgotten works to langh at them in public. THE BOYAI ACADEMY OF ABT8. By far the most important artistic event of the month is the opening of the Royal Academy Exhibition. Opinion among connoisseurs is not more unanimous than usual upon its merits as a whole, but every one is agreed that it contains a remarkable number of really fine portraits, and that the finest among these are by Mr. Mill&is;, whose magnificent" Gladstone" was one of the star pictures of last year's collection. This season Mr. Millais exhibits a companion portrait ol John Bright, which some jndges pronounce even superior in point of workmanship and high finish, the truth being, I suspect, that " each seems best when the other is not by." The piece is a perfect companion to that of the Premier in style, being a half-length taken in plain morning dress, and the painter Has oaught the expression of Mr. Bright'a face in its most genial and attractive aspect. There is an indescribable sweetness about the month and eye. Yet power is in every line, and, as in the case of the Gladstone portrait, no attempt has been made to make the veteran one day younger i than he is. The same artist contributes a superb likeneis of Luther Holden (President of the Royal College of Surgeons, and Senior Surgeon of St Bartholomew's Hospital), which has been Bnbscribed for as a family gift by pupils and friends. Then there are beautif al— though somewhat flattered—portraits of Oanon Liddon and the Archbishop of Canterbury, by Mr. G. Richmond, R.A., besides many others of ladies and gentlemen, whose names wonld awaken no response away from the metropolis in which they live and shine. HI8T0BICAL PICT DEES. The historical piece for which the largest amonnt of popularity has been predicted is Mr. Orchardson's " On Board H.M.S. Bellerophon," wliicb represents the first Napoleon standing with folded arms, intently gazing upon the reced ing shores of France. The entire constrnstion and work of this picture are extremely fine. The defeated Emperor stands by himself in the stern of the vessel, all the officers and gentlemen in attendance having drawn off to leave him undisturbed in his meditation, and there is nothing to distract the attention from the one proud melancholy figure looking for the last time towards the land of so much glory and humilia tion. This work has been purchased by the President and Council, and will find its way to the South Kensington Museum. By far the most conspicuous picture in the Exhibition is the mighty canvas representing " The Imperial Assemblage," held at Delhi by the Viceroy, Lord Lytton, which Mr. V. 0. Prinsep was com missioned to paint as a present from the people of India to the Queen in commemoration of Her Majesty's assumption of the title ef Empress of India. This enormous work, taking up an entire side of one gallery, and which with its massive frame is seen I know not bow many rooms off, represents Lord Lytton and his staff, seen in the midst of a seemingly innumerable conclave of Oriental dignitaries arranged in a semi-circle or horseshoe row as far back as the eye can reach. It is certainly a monument of industry, and presents a gorgeous glitter of well-contrasted colour in which some tastes will delight, but beyond this possesses little interest, there being no central figure or group of prominent attraction to arrest and concentrate attention. Where Her Majesty will put so stupendous a gift remains to be seen. Not only its size bat its glare will require a spot specially arranged for its reception. A certain source of interest to younger visitors will be Mr. Andrew O. Gew's finely executed and touching historical piece representing the dyiDg Edward VI., shown at a window at Green wich to the people, who had begun to imagine him already dead, and some of whom when his wan, wasted face did appear, believed that it was his corpse held up to view. The poor boy looks as if the world was indeed ended for him; and while his Ministers support his helpless figure, one thin white hand, hanging listlessly down, is licked by a fine powerful greyhound. THE GBOBVENOB GAIXEBY is rather deficient in interest this season. Mr. Whistler has sent nothing, and Mr. Borne Jones only one piece, which, to be sure, is the reverse of commonplace, whatever may be thonght of its merits or defects. Mr. Burne Jones calls his picture, painted on a tall narrow canvas like one division of a large church window, "The Golden Stairs," but why so called no one knows any more than what is the rakon d'etre, if any, of the piece. There is a long spiral staircase, not golden, but wooden, down which an innumerable train of white robed, bare-footed maidens are walking. Some are performing on mediaeval-looking musical instruments, and some are open-mouthed, as if singing to the accompaniment of the rest. No art criticism has as yet thrown any light on the purpose of this strange composition, which is not without much vague, pallid beauty of its own. Mr. Watts has sent two life-sized nude female figures, labelled respectively Daphne and Psyche. The first represents a full-blown beanty, and the last a pale ethereal-looking creature, gazing mourn fully at a broken lamp at her feet. Mr. Walter Crane, whose illustrations have a world-wide reputation as having turned collections of baby songs into drawing-room delights for grown- up people, has several very pretty sketches of buildings and landscape bits—English and foreign; and one larger picture called " Truth and the Travellei." A pilgrim, with cloak and Btaff, has travelled far and wide in search of Truth, and finds her at last sitting by a wayside well. Although the landscape part of the work is very fine, in that quaint, middle-age style to which Mr. Walter Crane's admirers are well used, the figure of Truth is suggestive of some unfortunate female escaped from an asylum, and meditating a plunge into the water. LITEBABX GOSSIP. The literary event of the month is the con version of the Fall Mall Gazette, hitherto the organ of TurkophiliBm, into an independent Liberal journal. Mr. George Smith, the late proprietor, has transferred the property to Mr. Yates Thompson, a well known and wealthy Lancashire Liberal, who is about to marry Miss Smith. It is said that Mr. Arthur Arnold will be the new editor of the Fall Mall. Mr. James Greenwood, the late editor, is about to start a newtvecing paper,the chief proprietor of which will be that intensely pro- Turkish politician, Lord Stratheden, and Campbell. A literary marriage of great interest took place yesterday. George Eliot, the author of " Middlemarch" and " Adam Bede," married Mr. Cross, a merchant in the City. Mr. Cross is twenty years younger than his bride. [From an oocasionai Correspondent.] London, April 23, England is supposed to have been passing through a "crisis" during the last few days, though for those who have lived upon the Con tinent the change from Lord Beaconsfield to Mr. Gladstone will appear a very trifling affair at home, althongh it is not too mnch to say that it hae changed the whole current of policy abroad. Perhaps the strangest collateral question which has arisen during the late electoral struggle has been the position of the Queen, which for some strange reason has been dragged forward in a way more curions than constitutional. This is the first time in the memory of "the oldest inhabitant" that the name of Her Majesty has been mixed up with the nervons system of the national life. Neither the Queen nor the late Prince Albert liked Lord Palmerston; but nobody seemed to know it, and the popu larity of that great statesman never de creased one iota until it reached that almost dictatorship, in the midst of which the veteran politician was gathered to his fathers. So it is with Mr. Gladstone; but the channels of gossip flow more freely than they did twenty years ago, and society journalism knows, or affects to know, more of the private likes and dislikes of royalty tban it did then. Personally I think it can be Btated, without an overdose of recklessness, that Queen Victoria has no par ticular liking for vhe ponderous and learned gentleman who is as honest as he is hot-headed, aud of whom Lord Palmerston made strange prophecic-s. At the time of the passing of the Public Worship Regulation Act it is generally known that Her Majesty wrote a private letter to the present Premier, imploring him to give it his support. The reply was too independent, and since that day there has been a coolness between Windsor and tbe pamphleteer of Hawarden. But although the Queen may have personal preferences, it is mere idle talk to speak of her as ever likely te overshadow her constitutional position by her personal preroga tive ; and when Lord Be&conefield; resigned, the royal office was as simple as that of a discreet Lord Chamberlain or a Garter Eing-at-Arms. Most of the prominent Conservatives deplore the sudden resignation of tbe Government last week. A century ago Charles James Fox said that he would never acknowledge the will of the people of England except as expressed in the House of Commons. Perhaps the best answer to be made is an unwillingness to interrupt the progress of publie business by fnrther delay ; but some people might retort that they owed something to their party and something to themselves. The incoming Ministry will take good care to i lay _ hands upon official documents according to I their unqoestionable right; and the Conserva tives will have no opportunity of justifying i their foreign policy. However, there is nothing more to be said now. Mr. Gladstone is the monslratus omnium digitis, and the oppor tunity has been Bllowed to slip. One thing is quite certain—the greatest loser by the late changes has been Lord Granville. The veteran statesman has suddenly be come what the French call demode He has waited too long and too patiently, and he has now been shunted like a luggage-train for the passing of the Gladstone express. Andyet it is not too much to say that a Cabinet with Lord Granville at its head would have been far less moderate than that of Mr. Gladstone. It would have started with the grave difficulty before it that it must make con cessions to the Liberal extreme section; and although its energies might have been wasted in blank cartridge, the noise and smoke would have disturbed the national routine and pleased nobody. Altogetherthe reflections of a thoughtful mind on the past struggle must be tinted with jubilance. We have had some weeks of bloodless bnt sweeping revolution; a dominant policy has been pulled down, and a Ministry has been scat tered to the winds by Bgencies which it isnoteasy to grasp. Meanwhile the Queen has been in Germany, the Prince of Wales has paid a visit to Paris, the Princess has spent a few days with her father at Copenhagen, and the little boy heir of England's throne is learning to be a sailor on the high seas. There is some ground for national pride in all this, and men like the new member for Northampton will only be use ful in showing where things might be better in detail. As for the thought that the contagion and fever of French Republicanism will ever spread to the people of Great Britain, it may be dismissed as a bad dream with ludicrouB inci dents. The independence of England lies in the hearth-and-home policy, of which the monarchy is the pivot and the impregnable for tress of a rigidly constitutional government. There is a little grnmbling about the raising of Lord Lytton to an Earldom, and some more formal Parliamentary censure may take place. After all, " Owen Meredith" never was the man to be the Viceroy of India, and his transporta tion of Yaknb Khan will possibly be annulled. Beer has gone up in the person of Sir A. Guin ness, and the drinker of his nourishing stout will now feel that the proprietor of the beverage is in the Upper House. The Allsopps, too, get a baronetcy, and Sir Ivor GneBt and Mr. Baillie Cochrane go to "the Lords." The petit plaisir of Lord Beaconsfield was of course the raising to the peerage of Mr. Montagu Corry; but the services of the family of Lord Rowtou and bis single-minded earnestness in his great work would have made the retiring Premier almost appear un grateful if he had not sent his Secretary into the solidarity of the national government. Of the lesser hononrs little need be said. Mr. Bourke deserves a seat in the Privy Ooancil because of his painstaking foreign policy; and Mr. Beres ford Hope, as the leading High Churchman of Great Britain, will represent that very useful group of creatures known under the title of laymen with clerical minds. He will he useful in the coming ecclesiastical struggle, if only to prevent the time of our higher courts being frittered away in discussions about the legality of a chasuble, or the respective orthodoxy of incense burnt on a shovel before the service, or in a thurible daring the communion. The prominence of Mr. Algernon Borthwick during the Prince Imperial excitement has given the proprietor of the Horning Post a knighthood, and the papers of Paris," where he is so well known, will now be able to call him with truth " Sir" Borthwick. As for the Grand Crosses, they will be hailed with acclamation by men of pictureeque minds, for the decoration system was fast dyiDg out in England, and the meritorious creature who had been " ribboned" by a foreign sovereign is not allowed to show his distinction even at an English Embassy abroad. A shower of stars will, however, in future be the super added privilege of an outgoing Government, and I think we have reason to be thankful tj Lord Oranbrook for his pretty invention. Enough of politics. Lord Shaftesbury is no longer the acknowledged maker of Bishops, but the task is still performed by somebody. The High Church party are furious at the nomina tion of Canon Byle, the Evangelical Dean of Salisbury, to the new See of Liverpool. Perhaps there is something to be said for the High Chnrchmen, for they are the great agitators for an increase of the Episcopate—a measure which the Evangelical Bcbool treat with coldness and misgiving. But Liverpool is certainly a Low Church diocese, and the memory of the late Hugh McNeile over shadows it still. With the exception of St. Margaret's, Prince Park, it would be almost im possible to find a church in the great city where pronounced ritual was the fashion, and the Liverpool Dissenters would probably look upon a diocese ruled by a man like Canon Liddon or Dean Cowie of Manchester as an isthmus leading to the great continent of Popery. Th Roman Catholics are unusually strong iu Lancashire, and as they are talking of making Liverpool into an Archbishopric and raising Preston to the dignity of an episcopal see, it iB as well that the Anglican mitre should surmount the head of a prelate of another way of hinking. As for religion in general in England, it is getting beyond my mental reach, if I am to judge by the list of wedding presents to the Earl of Granard's daughter on her marri age with Lord Maurice Fitzgerald. They combine such different articles as a whip, a " Key of Heaven" bound in ivory, a fishing-rod, a re liquary, and an asparagus tongs. And we have such strange scandals, too. Both Canon Dock worth (Protestant) and Monsignor Capel (Catholic) have disappeared from public life, and the gossips are full of malevolent sugges- - tiooB. The Pope has made Mr. Riddel), of Scarborough, the new Bishop of Northampton; and Cardinal Manning is so offended with this attack npon his dignity that he has asked Leo XIII. to make his rejected nominee, Monsignor Patterson, a Bishop in partibus. Apart from electioneering excitement it miy be safely stated that the London season promises to be a very gay one. With the exception of the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh all the royal family have returned to England. The Prince and Princess have been down to Bagshot on a visit to the Duke and Duchess of Con naught during the two days of the Aldershot Races, and manfully stood out the rain both days. Prince Leopold is going to be the best speaker amongst the Queen's children. The Prince of Wales is hesitant and common place, and the Dnke of Edinburgh carries no weight when _ "on his legs;" but Prince Leopold is a very fascinating young_orator, and the slight tremor in his voice only increases its persuasiveness. Where an appeal to pnblic charity has to be made he is universally snccessfal, and at the festival in aid of the Royal Masonic Institution for Girls ths other day he succeeded iu obtaining a sum of £14,000 towards the new building fund. On the other hand, the West-End tradesmen bitterly complain of the dnlness of that especial commerce which depends npon the presence of a Court and the prevalence of levees and draw ing-rooms. A letter signed by some of these has actually been forwarded to the Queen, imploring Her Majesty to give tack to the metropolis some of that gaiety and elan for which it was so noted daring the decade which followed the Great Exhibition of 1851. I could mention shops in the neighbourhood of Jermyn-Btreet and Old Bond-street which are surmounted with the Boyal Arms, but which have been quite abandoned for the last ten years. The wealthier classes are now divided into two sections, one which goes to the co operative stores and buys things at almost cost price, the other (the nouveaux riches) who have never been taught the landmarks of fashion as their predecessors were. A strange example of this change may be found in the almost total disappearance of the old family coach, which even now begins to look as odd as a sedan-chair. Victorias are the universal fashion nowadays. With a high-stepping horse and irreproachable livery the possessor leaves the public quite in the dark about the extent of his income, and they are likely to become more spread, until the day when the London cabman shall exchange the ramshackle fourwheeler and the ubiquitous but flighty hansom for the new shape. Fashion will then go back perhaps to hammei> cloths and yellow coaches. The visit of M. Kenan to London and Oxford has been the snbject of much comment, and not without reason, for the author of " La Viede Jesus" represents a class of thinkers which ccarcelyexists in England. Ernest Benan is a sen timentalist, and as such he will have a large fol lowing of admirers, who find him oharming and delightful ia every sense. But both he and Hyacinthe Loyson have left an impression of logical vacuum upon the English mind. They have done with Borne, and yet their discourses and lectures are full of a regretful refrain which sometimes almost rises to a wail. The visit has had its comic side, too, in consequence of the ntter inability of some of the mutual admiration people to understand one another, hlr. Irving was highly honoured by a visit from M. Benan, and went round to the box after the performance, but the dumb show was not unlike that which I once witnessed between Mr. John O'Shanassy, of Melbourne, and Cardinal Anto nelli, in which an interview of twenty minutes was devoted to the ringing of changes upon the Irish and Italian pronunciations of the names of Dr. Kirby and Cardinal Oullen, Anto nelli pronouncing Keerhee and Coolen, and Mr. O'Shanassy replying Kurrby and Cullen. They were both innocent of any language but their own. I believe that more than two-thirds of the people who went to hear Benan did not under stand one point in his speeches, but the love of carting " lions" abont is one of the proudest pre rogatives of our Anglo-Saxon character. It may be presumed that the death of Dr. Eenealy is a great event in the Tichborne case (for case, I suppose, we must still call this strangest of episodes in human history). The former Q C. was a kind-hearted man, and I be lieve many of bis wild proceedings may be put down to his temperament and to his family, which was a constant source of excitement to him even in his ante- Tichborne days. The late Doctor was incapable of a joke, and on one occasion I saw his face assume a fearful expres sion when twitted by an old friend about his sudden adoption of* politics as a profession. Still he was astute enough to look after the main point, for it is said that he has left a goodly fortune behind him. Mr. Dion Boucicault is announced as to appear shortly at the Adelphi in one of his greatest successes—" The Shaughraun." He is also bring ing over some new pieces, and I suppose we shall hear his mellifluous brogue again before long on the very boards where he made such a fortune by the "Colleen Bawn." Mr. Bouci cault appears to he having some sorrows in his domestic life, for hiB wife has filed a petition for divorce against him in the State of New York. The United States are sending us some -other theatrical luminaries, but, notwithstand ing the immense posters with which the walls of London are covered, I do not think Mr. Sheridan and " The Danites" at the new Sadlers Wells to-night will go down with a London audience. Miss Genevieve Ward, Mr. Anson, Mr. Herbert, and M. Marios are about to give a series of French plays at the Prince of Wales's Theatre. Sarah Bernhardt is coming over to play a round of -characters with Coquelin next month, and she will be followed by the Palais Boyal Troupe. Mrs. Victoria Woodhull is going tobe married to an English gentleman who is well known. _ I have only just heard the faqt, the truth of which I can vouch for. The name of the bridegroom I will not mention, as it is of little importance. The comfort which London society will have in catching a glimpse of the domestic side of Victoria Glaflin Woodhull will be incalculable, and I congratulate the ex " lecturess" on her getting into harness. Velvets of dark but rich colours are very much in fashion this spring. Cafe au lait is one of the favourite hues. Heels are, I regret to say, very high, and dresses are constantly laced up with silk laces, the tags hanging as orna ments. 