- THE HIGH ROAD TO RUIN. . CHAPTER XXVI. FATHER AKD SOX. BY W. STEPHENS HAYWABD, AUTHOR OP " THE BLACK ANGEL," "STAB OP THE 80UTH," &C.; When John MiUington, otherwise Leslie, (»me to his stoical resolution of going through I life alone for an uncertain number of yean— I that is to say, until he could convince his wife I and his friends that he had thoroughly given up the bad habits which deformed and disgraced the commencement of his career, and that he was worthy of Mildred's love—he did not for one moment think that he should be exposed to such a scene as the one just passed through with Julia's father. „ «-» t ^ —* 1 He was hving a blameless life, working his way up to the topmost branch of the social I tree—slowly but surely; and it passed hiBl comprehension to think how he could inno-l cently have thrown a blight upon the existence I of so young, fair, and innocent a creature as I JuUa Fernandez. ] He did not visit at Brunswick Square after 1 what had passed; but he frequently saw JuliA I out of doors, and he was shocked to see a great I alteration in her. She was pale and ill—I wastrng away to a shadow. After a tune, Mrs. Fernandez and Julia went abroad-Hwme said to Nice, others to Madeira; at all events, the house in Brans-1 wick Square was closed, the home broken up, and Mr. Fernanda left to wander about a solitary, ghost-like being. He was often heard to utter threats.against-John* but when the hotel was finished, and John went back to London, the architect forgot all about the chairman of the company. ou t " her<J H wife, and Mddred were hving; and he used to make frequent inquiries respecting them. During one of his inquUitive vis ts to the neighm>urhood, he leamt that his eldest son was at the Bluest School, and that ho himself was mourned as one dead by all but Mil- J»4,who« looked forward uftho "umof nor bUBoand. | be walked to the City, and went to ChrU&I; HospiW, and asked to see John ^MU fwas now a little more than thirteen, and a fino,handsome boyfor his age. J^^^rtj surprised to see a tall benigZwook^ g 8 tleman in the visited root^ "" ' - - 1 as a good boy: and I knew you—your father " in days gone by." "Where is he now!" asked Master John, who was practioal in his ideas. [ And this was how it happened that John Millincton told his son a story. " I don't know where he is now," he replied. " Mamma often speaks of him," said Master John. " Oh! she does, eh t And what does she say I of him!" " She says he will come back some day." " Is that all!" " No. She tells us—that is Milly and I— that she loves him, and teaches us to do tho same." " Heaven bless her!" cried John. "Do you think he will come back t" asked the boy. ] " I am sure of it," John add. " May I tell mamma that ? She will be so Based. Oh, do let me tell herf " You may tell her what you like, my dear boy." " And are you sure!" " Perfectly sure." Master John clapped his hands. "Do you remember your fatherF* said John. " Not very welL I recollect he came home once, oh, so tipsy! and beat mamma." John writhed in spirit, and felt that there was such a thing as retribution. " That will never happen again," he said. " When your father comes back he will be veiy different" " Will he f" " And your mother will have cause to be proud of him." " Will it be long before he comes back ? I 6 should h ° uId hke like to have a father so, to to talk to to me, | and manage me ; for in the holidays, I am almost too much for TPftmmn I don't mean any J ' harm, but - I - like - my own way. Uncle Leonard ^eonaro laughs a at me. Did you know Uncle I Leonard J 1 [ " Very well, once " " He is quite rich, now; and Clara is going to have 8 carnage next year." " Tour mother will have half-a-dozen!" " And we are going into a laiger house." "Tell your mother she shall have a palace, and your father will build it for her!" "Keally!" said Master John, thinking he was reading the " Arabian Nights." "Can Blnecoat Boys spend money!" exclaimed John. "Can'ttheyt Tiythem!" "Take these, then." He counted out five sovereigns into his son's hand, and — the WJD boys eyes 6WH)UCU| glistened, ooun John thought, with the anticipation of spending it in juvenile trifles. " What will you do with it, Master John F' " You won't be annoyed if I tell you f "Certainly not." "Or angry with meT " Oh, no!" " Then, I shall get a Postroffice order, and send it, all but vis* w a awn few siwmaugop shillings, iv to "IIMIIIHflj mamma, KIO* be- cause, you know," he added, sagely, "she depends upon Uncle Leonard, and never likes to take a halfpenny from him more than she ean help, so this money will be so nice for her I" John fumbled in his pockets, drew out his purse, and took from it a roll of notes His eyes were so full of tears that he could hardlv see; but at length he managed to count out notes for a hundred pounds, " There my dear child," he said," put these iu your pocket. Take great care of them, for they are worth a hundred pounds Write to your mother, and when she comes, rive them to her." I " What shall I say f" "Say that a gentleman who knew your I father gave them to you for her " "Are you Mr. VaiUantr asked the bov I his face clouding y ' " Heaven forbid that I should bo anvthin* U human form so base!" cried John s f i ? " I am glad of that, becauranumnu would not heve taken the money," Mwter John S "She has taught you to ££ the Frenob man oh?" .Tobn J^a y- fwnch- P 3 pleasure ' ^ ^ gleamin^ " £t to hate, but to dislike him." « Kn.i«iw v K ° . . you J Z ^ " »" d n Ttr*n , * « v«„ ^ ^ " mw dfty '" befor^11 yJ.T t? ve ,?] ent y of "me, to your mothM/° ^n't forget to write his rSlS^f^'u 8 1 " 1^? If^S? h { U m e d l^ ; hecoulS not ^st J ® r6 ® ai n any longer. When he got 1 outside the school, hn Wii^ „ .».." . and reveal himself J go . Only two 1 I [years bad elapsed, and he did nd think that I time a sufficient probation. The next morning, Mildred yeoeived a letter from her son, and called at onoe ai the school. When she returned home, Leonard thought he had never seen her so radiant since the day Bhe was married at Honwey Old Church. "Why, Milly, my dear!" he exclaimed, " what has happened f' "Oh, suoh joy—such joyJ" she replied. "John is alive and well! He has been to see our child, and—and——I can say no mora, but that I thank heaven for this last blessing!" CHAPTER XXVIL A CONTESTED ELECTION. Parliament had been dissolved, and JSt. Biddulph returned two members to Parliament, for it was one of the largest of pur metropolitan boroughs. A Conservative had little or no chance in St Biddulph Without; but, whenever a vacancy occurred, the Tories put forward a powerful candidate; and great excitement, together with a vast expenditure of money, was the result. John Millington had, for a long time, had | his eye upon St. Biddulph Without. He | thought that if he could seek his wife as a man selected by hundreds to represent them in Parliament, and with M.P. after his name —while he could show a lane balance at his banker's,—she would believe in his reparation and atonement, and once more call him her own. It was thought among the cognotcenti that the fete of St, Biddulph Without, in regard to its Parliamentary representative, was in the hands of John Burton Tadcaster, an agent of many years' experience. I With this gentleman, our architect had been [on terms of the closest intimacy since the commencement of his prosperous career, as Mr. Leslie. Tadcaster told him, in confidence, that if he would contest the borough, as the friend and champion of (he working men, he would carry him in triumphantly, fine of cost. On a certain evening, about a month before the dissolution of Parliament, he dined en famitte with Mr. John Burton Tadcaster, who was a little, compactly built old man, the most striking part of whose fece was his eye—a quick, rapid-revolving grey eye, denoting a capacity, and even a fondness, for active occupation. He was thin, and a great smoker —rarely was he seen without a cigar in his mouth. His house was an old-feshioned one, in the Maiyle-bone Road. The gate leading into the garden was wrenched off its hinges, and lay useless against the wall The small garden —save the made!—was over-run with weeds. The varnish was chipped and cracked off the front door, just for all the world as if a miser, or a broken down gentleman, lived then: ®™yet Tadcaster could write a cheque for •tlOUfOUOi So little are appearances to be trusted! Mm. Tadcaster—a childless wife, wrapped up entirely iu her husband, whom sW admired beyond the power of wonis to expresshad retired from the dinner-table. Three sorts of wine stood before John, who, sitting in an Mm- chair, faced his host, also in an arm-chair. Ue neither drank nor smoked. Mr. Tadcaster did both. " A very choice Havannah," said Mr Tadcaster gently driving Ihe smoke out of his mouth. " I cannot say that I object either to smoking or drinking in moderation, mind you: in moderation, because the habit if induced, tends to increase the revenue, and, a fortiori, the prosperity of the country." "I was addicted to both once," John said with a sad smile: but I have my reasons for not recurring to a bad practice, from which I have divorced myself." "Ah, you are, no doubt, well advised, inv I dear sir; still, if you would like some of the 8lap public" 0 ' 1811,111 n0t make t 1 " tot "My scruples are conscientious, sir," replied Milhngton, with dignity. * " I beg a thousand pardons; I find I have been labouring under a mistake; let us change Sstfrt^;«MTad r tor,,who did nTfn Z T T t W m Q ? Joha B 8 °hriety and teeto- SmST ftbout to telk of i " a n y newel" John asked. " Nothing worth notice. The Tories are going to run two candidates instead of one; but they have no chance. I rather think one mil withdraw at the last moment. I have brought your nametorward, andalready secured aconsiderable number of votemon your be- ^JI wish to be known as John MUlington , "?. uite w-Millington Leslie. That is W • pk°Mded. I want you this ** at the St. Biddulph's Athenaaum. Be kind enounh to make a note of it." wwugn "mat ate wyppospeotor "...,.. ~ 81 r r ' ver i/ feir. I have told vou that I will bring you th f^ of lipW l do not mean to say by that, I will pay all the ohaxges incidental to a general election out of my own pocket—&r; from it. That would be preposterous and absurd. What I mean is that by my way of managing the election, and your candidature, I will extract subscriptions from the public which will reimburse us for the outlay." And what will that be " A couple of thousand pounds, as nearly as I can reckon, which is a very cheap price at which to buy a borough like St. Biddulpb." « So I should say." " If you will devote your energies to speechmaking, and gossiping with the electors, we shall take the lead, head the poll, and come in with a large majority." " I hope so, indeed, Tadoaster," said John "for I have set my heart on winning this elec tion." . You shall, sir—you shall." " If you think I am at all likely to lose, tell me so at once, and I will go into the country, and canvass some smaller borough." "My dear sir," answered Mr. Tadcaster, with a solemnity which would not have dis graced an owl belonging to Minerva, " you have been well brought forward—that is to say, what we, in the electioneering line, call well < worked.' Tou are popular with the masses, which, at a time when a new Reform Bill is imminent, is a great thing." " I have to thank you for your zeal on my behalf and your disinterested friendship,"said John. " Not altogether disinterested. I am paid for what I do, of course,- because it is my trade, Yet you have something to thank me for. could, if I chose, at the eleventh hour, throw you over, and introduce a new man, whom I would carry through in spite of alL" " I trust that our friendship mav endure to the discomfiture of our enemy," John replied —" so that we may have no cause to try a " In that wish I cordially acquiesce," said Mr. Tadcaster. "And now, as my wife has coffee ready, I propose that we adjourn to the drawing-zoom. "With pleasure." John supplied Mr. Tadcaster with what ready money he stood in need of, and his canvass proceeded gaily. He had set himself a goal, not to achieve which was misery. His wife and children flitted dimly before his eyes, and he longed once more to place himself at the bead of his family, and resume his proper position. At length, the nomination-day arrived. The hustings were erected, and a huge, noisy, uproarious crowd assembled in front John Millington Leslie was proposed by the Sheriff of Middlesex, and seconded by Mr. Burton Tadcaster. Then John, hat in hand, addressed the crowd, who listened attentively. He was the man of the people, and the people paid him marked respect. His observations were thoughtful, and to the point Bounds of cheers followed every sentence; but when his rivals essayed to speak, such a tumult of groans and hisses arose, that they were inaudible even to the reporters. After this the show of hands took place, which was entirely for Johu. A poll was then demanded for the other candidates. The next day the polling-booths were opened; and no exertions were spared to bring electors to the poll. At eleven o'clock, John headed the list by three hundred votes, and his majority continued to increase rteadily. John was all day at Mr. Tadcaster's private office, in Parliamentstreet At four o*clock, his agent drove up, and, rushing into John's presence, exclaimed, " It is all as safe as the bank, my dear sir 1" " Have you the final result t" said John. " No; nor shall we have until five o'clock. The returns have to come such a distance from some of the booths; but our majority is so large, that I fear not." "Shall I be required to address the electors?" " To-night, at St. Biddulph's HalL I have oonvened a meeting. The Hall will be crowded." "I am sure my thanks an due to you, Tadcaster." " Wait awhile, my dear sir, we are not quite out of the wood yet; there is a leetle bit further to go." After a few more remarks, he returned to the head committee-room, promising to come back soon." John amused himself by looking out of the window, and watching the cabs as they passed by, placarded with bills, on whioh his own name stood forth prominently. It was a relief to John when Mr. Tadoaster made his appearance, and, in hearty tones, congratulated him upon having won the battle, ana distanced his opponents. Overcome with emotion, John sank into a chair, and covering his face with his hands—"Now, Mildred, I trust I am worthy of you I" "Did you speak to met" inquired Mr. Tadoaster. ^ No i I was merely making a remark to my- " You seem faint; allow me to pour out a glass of water." The oold liquid revived John. The next half-hour passed in the private office of the parliamentary agent was one of the happiest of his life. He felt that he was well off, re spected by all men, and that he had, in the fullest sense of the words, " lived it down." In due oourse, the evening papers arrived, They were full of the St. Biddulph election. and John saw what it was to be a popular man. As he was casting his eye over the paper, his glance fell upon the obituary. He started as he saw the name of Julia Fernandez, aged, nineteen, at Nice. Breathing a sigh, he brushed away a tear, for her fate was melancholy in the extreme. Of her untimely decease he was the innocent cause. It came upon him in his hour of triumph, and somewhat damped his joy; but the cheery tones of Tadcaster, and the congratulations of some active members of his committee, turned his thoughts into another channel; and poor, innocent, loving Julia Fernandez obtained niche in the shrine of his memory to weep oyer Bilently when in the melting mood, and his thoughts travelled backward over the brosdly-marked footsteps of time. St. Biddulph's Hall was a spacious buildings well adapted for acoustic purposes, and capable of holding, at least, three thousand people, Here John went after diuner, accompanied by many of his supporters. He had never addressed so many people before. The sea of heads seemed to swim before him. He en deavoured to make himself oblivious of the vast mass of humanity. He tried to fancy he was wandering in some ancestral park, addressing some grand old oak, whose branches waved approvingly as his words smote the air. When he appeared, and Mr. Tadcaster had spoken a few words there was a shouting such as could be heard from Dan to Beersheba. Ladies waved their pocket-handkerchiefs until the miles of cambric created quite a mimic breeze, and did the work of seven punkahs. He waited till all was calm, and then, in in the full, richcadence of his powerful voice, proceeded to thank his friends for their kind support, and to make promises for the future. How it was, I cannot tell; but John's eyes travelled through the ocean of faces while he was speaking, and rested upon a little knot of five persons. Perhaps he was attracted by some peculiar odic force—some animal magnetism, which made him fancy he saw Leonard and Clara, Mildred and John, his son, with a fair, fragile,pale-faced little girl, the image of her mother, whom he took to be his daughter. He derived inspiration from this group of people, and his admirers saw that he spoke as men have seldom spoken before—such fire, such electric force was there in his words and his delivery. He made people's hearts leap in their bosoms that night, and more than one man and woman went away with the firm conviction that a heaven-sent champion had arisen to advocate the holy cause of progress, and preach a new gospel to the poor, the down trodden, and the oppressed. There was a commotion in the body of the hall " Make way there—a lady has fainted! Let her be taken outside, so that the fresh air of heaven may play upon her pallid countenance ! That is right, good people—stand on one side; thank you!" Now the strong man who holds her in his arms—can. pass through the tiny lane made for him. The speech is over. The people roar with admiration and delight Taacaster wipes his eyes, and shaking .John by the hand, says, huskily, " Splendid, my dear sir. We all feel as if we had had a hand in a good work; for a new apostle of the people and of progress has arisen in your person 1" " Can I go now 1" replied John. " I don't want to leave the building altogether; but I want particularly to speak to—some old friends I see down below." Shall I accompany you f" " No; please stay here, and excuse my absence." "Very well; be it so," replied Mr. Tadcaster. On John passed through the rows of men, few of whom recognised him with his hat pulled over his eyes. Ho heard them saying, " Really grand 1 Never heard such a speecn in my life I He is the man for the people! Wait till ho rises at St. Stephen's, no one will be able to stand before him! St Biddulph ought to be proud of her representative I" and so on, ad infinitum. At last John felt that he had wiped out his disgrace, and with a heart beating with proud exultation, he sought his wife; for it was Mildred who had recognised her husband, and whose delight had so overpowered her. He found her in a quiet spot, in a retired corridor, near an open window. Leonard saw the tall form approaching, and know InBtinotively who it was. Running for- 1 ward, he caught his brother by the hand, and said, " Thank God for this, John!" The friendly pressure was returned; but John could not speak, his tones were too stifled for utterance. He strode on at length, and took Mildred in his arms. The unwonted pressure roused her. She looked up—she saw him—and, with a wild cry, threw herself upon his breast, sobbing. " At last I—at last! I have watched—I have waited—and at last I am made happy 1" Leonard and Clara stood at the back, in the shadow of the window. This soene was too sacred to be intruded upon." " Why have you kept away from me so long?" Mildred quivered. " I would joyfully have struggled with you I" " It was best not, my own," John replied " I vowed when I left the asylum that I w<>uld prove myself worthy of you, or never, never approach you again I" " It is better late than never," Mildred said, smiling through her tears. " Am I worthy i Have I passed through the fire,and achieved a purification 1" " Oh, yes, yes 1—a thousand times, yes! feel so proud of you, John, dear! When you were speaking I felt inclined to clap my hands and cry out,—He is my husband ! Look at him!—look at my husband!" # # # # * * A short time afterwards, John Millington Leslie, as he still called himself, had his own house a few doors from Leonard, and it was delightful to those who knew them to see how intensely happy the long-separated, but now united, husband and wife were in each other's company. They loved their children, and they, in their turn, reciprocated the affection of their fond parents. For a time the wife could not realize all her joy. One day they were sitting in the drawing room of their beautifully-furnished house, their children near them, when Mildred exclaimed, " Oh, John, I cannot bring myself to believe that all this is anything but a dream Kiss me, my darling, to convince me that am awake!" He kissed her tenderly, and said, " This is the sunshine, after a long, long storm, my dear, loving wife, and, with the help of Providence, I will take care that no clouds overshadow the horizon of our lives again." He kept his word. THE END. 