GHOST ILLUSION, &c.; To Th PunLC Jr W. A. To the Editor of the Herald, SIR,-The notice stating that I was not connected with the "Pepper's Ghoit Illu sion ' which I deemed but justice to myself and the public in publishing, seems to have created a wrong - impression which I am anxious to remove. The advertisement was inserted in no hostile spirit towards MIr. M. N. Griffiths, but simply in protection of my reputa tion in respect of the illusions with which the names of my father (Dr. Sil vester) and myself have long been associated. Prominent amongst these illusions stands the ' Ghost," which was invented and patented by my fatherinLondon, (see patent. 30th June, 1863. No. 1630), and which has been so successfully produced by my father and myself in England, America and the Colonies-drawing crowded houses for five months running, in Mielbourne and the same in Adelaide, (1876.) Mr. Griffliths arranged with the for the production of this illusion, together with the dramas which were written for my father and myself by Garnet Walch, Esq. I have r-mained here, quite willing to fulfil my contract, so soon as one private ob. jection shall be removed. When the Ghost illusion was first men tioned by the press of this colony, it was distinctly announced as being under my di. rection, and that it was to be produced in conjunction with the " Anoetos " and " Prismatic Fountain," both of which were invented and patented by my father. (See patent, 10th May, 1864, No. 1179.) On reading Mr. Gritfiths's advertisement of '" Pepper's Ghost Illusion," the public would naturally infer from previous press notices, that it would be under my direction there being nothing in Mr. Griffiths's adver tisement to denote the contrary, and in the event of any failure in the production of the same, my own reputation as an illusionist might have suffered. I consider this explanation on my part due to myself and the public, as , r. Grifliths has had no experience whatever-in the prodction of this or any other iltsnion, he having been mnerely engaged as one of Mr. Bennett's Company of the "Victoria Theatre," Sydney, at the time Prof Pepper was ex* hibiting there. He never appeared with the said Professor in Melbourne, and 'he only professional experience he has had with that gentleman consisted in his enacting a small character part with the rest of Mir. Ben nett's company in one of the illusions. In making this assertion I state the truth -not from any ill feeling towards Mr Griffiths, but simply to acquaint the public with the fact that the production b Mr. Grilliths must not for one moment be classi fied with the " Great Ghost Illusion"of which so much has been heard. I trust, however, that his efforts will satisfy tlhe public here. and conclude by wishing him every success in his new line of business. ALFRED SILVES'rER, " Illusionist." Shamrock Hotel, Perth, Septr. 10th. 180. 