A FINE FORTUNE. BY 3. C. F. JOHNSON, Author of " On the Wallaby," " Over tbe Island," " Christmas on Carringa," &c.;" CHAPTER XXXVT. PERSECUTED MLR. MCKAY. " We but teach Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return To plague the inventor : this eveu-handed justice Commends the ingredients of our poisoned chalice To our own lips." MACBETH. And years came and went and seasons changed, as did the conditions of life in the Aostralias. The straggling rue hi became the township, tbe township the bustling city. Civilization was spreading throngh the length and breadth of the great island continent, now- New Holland, and " world of undiscovered souls" no longer. The heyday of the diggings was passed, aud thousands of adventurous spirits bad Socked over to the land of the Maori to dispute with him its golden treasures., Mrs. Mack was comfortably settled at Willandonla, Fred was attendiug school at Syduey, bat each year he spent his Christmas holidays with his two foster-mothers at the otatiou, for Mrs. OXeary was, as she phrased it, " still to the fore— hale and hearty," aud it was hirfi to say whether she or her somewhat jealous rival, the hai d-featured old housekeeper, mide the most of tbe handsome lad when he cime to visit them. • Old Mr. Hartland had opened his arms and heart to his little grand-daughter, aod it was at the hospitable homestead of Nilnappina that Fred spent his midsummer vacation, where his old friend Lotta, fast growing a tall and beau- . tifnl maiden, welcomed him most heartily. Letters constantly came lrom England, telling of the happiness of George and Liz, who were now the happy parents of two. children; the eldest, a boy, had (so "wrote his mother) been named " Fred Fortune Foringham," in tionour of their dear young brothtr in Australia, who by his promptness and courage had saved her from so terrible & fate. Old Sir Wilfred was a confirmed invalid, but wss very bright and cheerful, and greatly interested in the well- , doing of his yoong protege, so said George in his letters. Thus were all eur friends happily settled as the year '62 approached, just ten years later than the dawn of the golden era. And seven from the death of him whom we. knew as Lazarus, but wtao was, as we now know, Sir George Foringham. All did we say nsy, there was one of whom we have heard nothing for these seven years, for since he had left Ballarat on his life's quest old , Jack Jepster has been lost to the sight of men., Another character in our story has also been unheard of for years past, Crosscut Dick. Not altogether unheard of, as Mr. John McKay, Town Councillor and miuing magnate on the Exchange, knew to his cost. To him, his once leader, though lost to sight, was literally to memory dear; for every few months there came to him an ill-written scrawl, not lrom Dick himself, but, worse still, from some one who seemed to be islways with him, aud who was, probably, a sharer in his unpleasant secrets. The constant theme of these interesting epistles was money. These letters were the bane of Mr. McKay's existence. Spite of bis prosperity he grew thinner and more cadaverous-looking every day, aud his auburn locks grew grey beneath tbelr raven dye.' Aud so when one evening, as be sat in his comfortable drawingroom, in tbe handsome villa he had built for himself ou Soldier's Hill, he heard a well-known voice auk if Mr. McKay lived there, and the girl came to say that A rough digger man wanted him, he hardly started, bat his pale face grew a shade greyer, and the furtive look of cruel malice came into his eyes " Show him iu, Ellen," he said qnietly, and the girl wefat out, and returned, followed by Crosscut Dick. " How are 'ee, pard," said the ruffian, who had plainly been drinking, extendiug his great knotted band. " Dear bless me; why its Dick. I declare I didn't kuow ye, old fellow,'* said Mr. McKay, extending his slim claw-like hand, with., a ghastly smile on his thin cruel lips. \V.«11,1 be pretty bobbish, pard," said Dick, lurching heavily into a chair. " How be gettiug <in ? Thincs do look pretty well weth 'ee, 3immee. I've come to stay weth 'ee fur bit. just for chaange of air loike," with a drunken laugh. ' • Crosscut Dick, ill-looking in his best days, had altered .greatly for tbe worse. He was fallen away to a mere skeleton, but his huge bones kept bis clothes out in curious angles. His face, on which the grizzly beard was now more grizzled and dirty-looking than ever, was drawn and deeply wrinkled, the nose, swollep and discoloured, and the protruding cheek-bones,, also a dingy red at the points. The small black eyes, now dim-red aud watery, blinked and bleared in a most unpleasant way; and instead of the look of a pleased bulldog, which he once habitually wore, he now appeared like an illbred cur, or rather like one of those yellowfaced Indian monkeys, if on? could im«giue that animal, with a grog-biosaomed nose and bleary red eyes. He sat winking and grinning in a horrible manner at.his perplexed host, who shifted uneasily in his seat, and looked in blank dismay aE his unwelcome visitor. " But Dick, old feller," he at length gasped out, "this ete won't do no 'ow, you know. I can't have ye here. Why, tLe police 'ud br down on yer in no time. Look 'ere, m tell yer what we'll do. I'm glad to see ye and all that j e know. I've got a shanty out on a quartz claim, as I've took up on tbe Black Hill, an* we ain't a workin' of it now. You can camp down there for a spell, and I'll see ye get plenty of grub an' drink." u Ah right, then; qf I can have a mate to live wi' me, an' plenty grog, fur I can't get rid o' that idear o' the ghost o' Calico Jack, though I haven't seen un now fnr long toime. So ef you'll send down to Maguire's B:iren' House for Paul Penaluna, whaat have been weth me fur 6cme toime past, I'll go out to this plaace weth ee. But, moind, I do want fuwer pound a week to fctay quiet. I do knaw 'ee do want to get red o' a me. Well, give me a bottle o' rum an' a blanket, aud do 'ee sbaw me wheer this plaace es, so I can go and slaip theer at waunce. An' send Paul to me iu the moruin'." Mr. McKay's face brightened at once. " Ail right, old chap; that's reasonable now, but ye see it's a goodish bit to tbe place; I'll j.i t em to put my tioree in tbe gig and dri»e iou over at once " " Aal roight, an' give me somethin' to drink new." blr. McKay went into the next room, and t rcugbt in a decanter and a glass, which be set Lt- ioie bis guest, and then went to order the \thuie. Returning^ he stepped into his own beoioom, and stealthily placed a small sixchambered revolver in his pocket, and opening a drawer took out a long slender three-ed^ed Italian stiletto. His long fingers closed round the delicately chased handle, aud there was a murderous gleam in his shifty grey-green eyes. " We'll settle this to-night, Mister -! Dick,' he whispered hoarsely. " I've stood 'bout enough o' this 'ere." Tbe gig came round te the door, and >rith difficulty the tipsy ruffian was raised, into his place, and Mr. McKay : taking the reins drove away into the darkness. They, however, were obliged to travel very slowly, mostly at a walking pace, for the ground was rough, and on the Eureka Stockade Flat mullock heaps and abandoned shafts were numerous. Mr. McKay's attention .was too much engaged in finding the road to notice that, at a very Bhort distance behind the gig, a dark figure was following them. In about three quarters of an hour the gig was drawn up in Iront of: a small weather-board shanty. Mr. McKay got out of the vehicle, led the horse to a post, and assisted his passenger to descend. He then unlocked the padlock on the door of the shanty, and struck a light. There was nothing but a couple of rough empty bunks, a small slab table, and two settles within. Dick staggered in with his bottle of rum in his hand. Mr. McKay bronght in the rugs and made up a bed in one of the bunks, while Dick helped himself freely from the bottle. " Now, I don't moind much," said the ruffian with a drunken leer. " Ghosts or devils, its all waun to me when I'm well primed with good liquor. So good-night to 'ee, Jerry, I'm goin' to turn in." Mr.McKay bade his guest an affectionate goodnight, and went away promising to send his mate to him in tbe morning. Bnt he did not seem in any great hurry to start, though he moved the gig away from the hut a few hundred yards. He sat quietly for about twenty minutes, and then, leaving the horse tied to a young gum that sprouted from the stamp of a deceased forest giant, he crept silently back to the hut. All was silent within. Mr. McKay opened the door softly and peeped in. The unfed slush lamp was flickering and casting fantastic goblin shadows on the walls. The once terrible bushranger Crosscut Dick lay upon the bonk in a drunken slumber. With his cadaverous face set in a horrible sneering smile that was plainly muscular and not under his control, Mr. McKay crept into the hat. The nearest hnman habitation, as he well knew, was nearly a third of a mile away, where the men who attended to one of his quartz batteries lived. He took the pistol from his packet and held it in his left hand, then drawing the stiletto from its velvet sheath he crept to the bunk. His eyes were stedfastly fixed upon the man on the bed, and therefore he did not perceive that he was not alone with his intended victim. Crouched at the foot of the bank where the bbacow lay deepest was the bent form of a whiteheaded man, who kept a pair of singularly blight grey eyes fixed upon tbe would-be murderer. The sleeping man moved and murmured hoarsely, and Mr. McKay stood transfixed with terror, the swe«t pooring from his brow. His victim became quiet agaic, and Mr. MaKay took three tteps forward and raised his knife to plnnge it into the sleeper's breast ;• bnt at that instant the figore behind the coach- stepped forward and dealt him a blow with a aheaoak staff that sent him backwards against the table, while the pistol in hi» hand exploded. The sleeper awoke with a terrible cry, and the whitehead ed man moved to the door,, against which he set his back, Mr. McKay lay on the floor stupified; .but Dick had no sooner cast his eyes on the figure at tbe door, than he sent forth a hoarse shriek that might have been heard a mile away, and which was actually beard by the men in tbe next shanty. Yell after yell burst from him,.and then be sank back covering his face with his hands. Mr. McKay was beginning to come to bis senses, and turned at bay to bee who barred the door. His pistol had dropped from his haud in his fall, and the stranger had taken possession of it. Tbe defeated murderer rose to his feet to find himself covered by his own pistol in the hands of old " Calico Jack." ".Not so fast, Jerry Mack. Stay where you are," he said steadily. " I've got you covered, you morderons'sconndrel. Don't move." Jerry shrank back towards the bunk trembling with terror, and in doing so touched Dick, who gave vent to another shrill y ell. "Come and. kill me,-devil or-ghost. Idoan't moind you cow. Pve done you haarm, an' you've a roight to knack me into jonds ef 'ee loike, but ktp this blasted our from me." " I'm DO gnoat, Dick Tremuan, though its - not your fault if I am not. . I've hunted you for years, and have been close on your tracks for three weeks put. It seems I just found yuu iu time to stop that car from putting it out ot yoar powtr to answer my question. Where's my boy, Dick Tremuan ? I've got you now, and you don't get away till I know what you're done with him. Heaven have mercy on you if you've hurt him. I'll kill you like a dog." , Jerry, who had dropped his knife and was croochiiig back in the shadow, came slinking out, and said— ** Let me go, Jack, and I'll tell you all you want to kuow. I'm a rich m»u now,. too, and can. make it worth your while. Your boy is with Captain Foringham, least -vise, him as was Captain Foringham, he'a Sir, Wilfred now, they say. ?he boy came over from Sydney yesterday, where he goes to school. I met him in the street yesterday, and heard him tfcll his servant he was going on to Willandowia last sight." " I'd a told 'e ef I knapved myself," epid Dick hoarsely from the bunk. "The game's up, I see, an' £ ain't sorry nether." He gasped painfully and fell back on tbe pillow, and Jack saw that there was blood on his lips. Jack left the door where he had been standing, and advanced tpwariis .the bunk. . As soon as "he did so, Jerry, with the agility of au eel, slipped by him, threw the door open, and ran straight into the arms of the burly.foreman of the battery, who, with two or three of his men, had come quickly serosa to the deserted hut on hearing tbe bushrauger's cries. "Where away mate in such a of a hurry," 6aid the foreman (our old friend. Ben Baxter), withhis,hand on the collar of his prisoner. "Let me go! let me go, I say, or I'll knife ye," hissed the desperate man. "Will ye,je danirat," said Big Ben, giving the other a shake that nearly dislocated his bones. " Come in> bust ye, aud let's see who ye are, any way " dragging him into the hut. " Let me go, I say. You fool, I'm your boss, Mr John McKay. I'll sack the whole darn lotof.y^r." "Don't believe him, Ben Baxter,"'said the voice of Jack from the gloom, for the lamp wpsburning very low;.''he's that infernal scoundrel Jerry Mack." u Sneaking Jerry, by all thaf s blueroared the big man. "May'I.be rammed to powder if I havn't always had a notion as I had knowed Mr. McKay tomewhere's before. Come tie. <-, Scotty BOD," to a little man who had be<-u tearing down some bark from the roof to mike a blaze in the fireplace, *) here's an old frieud of yours, I thick." " An' donimed glad ah am lae meet ye, Mr. Mack, ah meafi 'McKBy. Tis r easy tae see itsyer ain sel, spite o' all ye're black paint, when oute ye've got the hint." "Who.are you, Mister?" said the foreman, turning to Jack, who could now be plainly.seen. by the light of tne fire, which a third man wtus 1 keeping up by throwing, on brush atd twigs. . "Don't.you know- me, Ben, am I so much altered?" ., ' .. . , " I ItLow ye're voice, bnt I don—Jcrunalem. It's Calico Jack, I believe. Why, ain't, you dead?' "No, not yet, Ben,"said the old man with a ead smile. " But here's a man will be dead soon if we. don't do something, and he has some information I jvant to get." Ben handed his prisoner over to Scotty, and. came forward to shake hands with his old friend. "Who's the cbap in the bed. Jack, and what's, np?" Jack told him in a few words, and also of the attempted murder by Jerry Muck. " What d'ye suppose is the matter with this here Cornish skunk, Jack ?" " Drink, I think, principally, and the reaction after the fright he got ju»t now." Ben promptly and unceremoniously poured some rnm from the bottle down the throat of. the insensible man, who in a few minutes opt ned his eyes and glanced about him with a wild stare. " Are you really Calico Jack," he asked,. " or his sperrit ?" " I am tbe man himself. What have yon got to tell me ?" " Do'ee bend down, an' I will—maake an kep a tight hold on Jerry .there—aa' I'll.tell \» snmmat 'bout he too as 'ell spile he's game. Bend down thee ear." Jack did so. " That theer boy whaat I took from ee is the awnly son of the man whaat sent me. out to this place, Sir Francis Foringham. I made my wife staal un awaay, to be even weth old squoire, au' have tew. An' ain't sorry nether, so ain'c goiu' say I am. Es for thaat desmal crawliu' wretch theer, I got 'nough to haDg him wbeu Fin broi gbt up myself, an' I doan't care how soon 'tee nether. I waant to get tbe thing.settled up." One of the men brought np Mr. Mack's gig, into which that gentleman and Dick were put, and, with one man leading the horse and tbe otLer three walking close to the vehicle, they wtnt into tbe town and delivered their prisoners to the police at" The Camp." • Cld Squire C. was postmaster, storekeep er aid autocrat of. hi* village. ,He was the w< slthie&t; man in it, but had the reputation of U icg also the sharpest and hardest. man his dtalings with the poor,.yet a drunken loafer in ti e village opce outwitted him. This loafer, an < Id sot, generally known, as.." Sam," came one day to the store, trundling a wheelbarrow. The Squiie was seated on the frout stoop of bU store, and. seeing him approach, called .out, ' Well, Sam, what are you after now " Thy, Squire C., : ' drawl*d the old ratcal, most obseuiciusly, "I want a barrel of jour best wh«nt fiour, and I want .to pay cash for it too." " Oho!" said tbe Squire, "that's it, is it? Well, George," turning to his clerk, ." roll out a barrel of that Genesee flour, and help Sam to put it on his. wheelbarrow." This was soon done, and Sam very quietly began to wheel it away. The Squire had not receiyed bis money, and he sprang up at once, and called, "Sam! Sam! you snid you wanted to pay cash for that flour. Where's your money ?" " Wa'al, Squire C." drawled Sam, " so I do want to pay cash for it, but you see I can't"—trundling the wheelbarrow off more and more rapidly with every word. Squire C. was so astounded at the loafer's impudence that he let the flour go.—Harper. A PBOMISING YOUNG ESTHETIC.—Old Boy— Ullo! What's your name? New Boy—Dante Michael Angelo Salvator Rosa Nupkins! Old Boy —Is that all ? What's your father ? New Boy— Poet, painter, sculptor, architect, aod musician. Old Bo;—Crimini? Is he great? New Boy— The greatest that ever lived. Old Boy—I never! And what are you going to be ? New Boy—The same as my father, only greater. Old Boy - Oh my! (Kicks Young Nupkine, and exit.)— Punch. Iu the Court-house at Cincinnati an Irishman stood charged with stealing a watch from a fellow-citizen. He stoutly denied the impeachment, and brought a counter- accusation agaiust his accuser for assault and battery committed with a frying-pan. The Judge was inclined to take a common-sense view of the ease, and. regarding the prisoner through the bottom of his tumbler, said, " Why did you allow the prosecuter, who is a smaller man thian yourself, to aesnlt you without resistance. Had you nothing in your hand to defend yourself with ?" " Bedad, your Honor," answered Pat, " I had his watch; bnt what was that against a frying-pan ?" The Rev. Dr. Macleod, father of Dr. Norman Macleod, passing through the crowd gathered before the doors of a new church he was about to open, was stopped by an elderly man with— " Doctor, if you please, I wish to speak to you." Asked if he could not wait till after worship, he replied that it was a matter upon his conscience. " Oh, since it is a matter of conscience, Duncan," said the good-natured minister, "I will hear what it is." "Well, Doctor," said Dancan, " the matter is this. Ye see the clock yonder on the new church- Now there is really no clock there, only the face of one; there is no truth there, only once in twelve hours; and in my mind that is wrong, very wrong, and quite against the conscience that there should be a lie mn the face of the house of the Lord." The Doctor promised to consider the matter. " But," said he, "In glad to see ye looking so well, man. You're not young, I remember you for many years; but yoa lave a fine head of hair still " " Eh, Doctor <" exclaimed the unsuspecting Dancan,'" now ye're joking; it's long since I had my hair." Macleod looked shocked, and answered in a tone of reproach, " O Duncan, Dancan! are yoa going into the hoase of the Lord with a lie on your head ?" He heard no more of tbe lie on the face of the church. 