Northern J.O. Kaces. aiTMMER QlBWrrNfl. 1830. (Fcou New Wabp.ioe.) Tiubt Dar, J«n?Aiur 31. 1680. Ukdrk tne management of the stewards and Committee of the N.J.C. : jnSge, air. J. F. Do»lo; etarter, Hr, J. G. Blaotonrlfi-g- Imndicapper, 2Cr. J. A. fioarr; clerk of tbe course, Mr. F. G. Follord. Tba summer aeetmp of tiie Northern Jookey Club ww commenced to-day on Ealoi'e course, WeBt KsJtiand, unfltr not the most ffurourobto auspices. The wciaher, it such it could he called, wag bo extremely hot that It materially interfered with what would otherwise have been a pood attendance. Previous to coat men dug operation? every* thing, bar weather, looked antleur -ie nee far ..successful re-union, uu uchih Deuifi; looseo upon at timely 10 jnonas Rood ?port, and the nags, as a rale, bei&c; hith-'ttm&U; tioned. Sydney pent its followers of Isthmian fund, *trd year hy year the N. J.C. mectiaga seem to increase in popu larity with tho turflteB of Sydney, and had it not bean lor such a state of things, tbo BaddllMj? paddock; would tmv* had a very boffffarlyappeanuioe. Tho surronndi&ff;* were of the nsnal stereotyped order, ana nothing new was ob. sorrahle. I hnvo again to tell of the rood ta&nsffeuent; on tbe part of tho N. J.C. offloials, aad oaoh one didtheir work well. The onerous duties of judge were got through to tbe latter oy Air. J. F. Doyle ; Mr. BrakenViffe&s.; u UfiUALcossr&tuluted; as starter, aud Mr. Qointon ww u courteonsandohlifinjr inbiG ©frolo Becret&ry.; as X have hitherto found bun. The rflc«-boeks got «p hy £. Tipper, ol Sast Ifnithuid, answered the ptirposo aatflii»WT, nnd having got thuBlur, I proceed to tell of the raotag. It wbs not a good day for tbe books, tlie favonrrbns winning- in mMt^aasa, on their4' double hoots, 'to which the flxusfa* ing touches will be added to-morrow, and a very nnbealtny state of thinga Appear on the cards for tho kniffhta of tbemeinllio. The day 'o racing Was sctttoing with ? field of nine sporting their colours in tbe Hying Handicap. Sooths syer, with 6&t; 121b, was one of the mast fended, but Vesper, who was also stronvlyettpvorted, of taradeapw ate roec, flnished so close to Mr. Mavo'ii horse, that the Jtin0« whs unable to separate wem. HadBnerolencobeoi ridden with ev« tbe smallest amount of jadgment, he must hare won ; but wltat nw n-irreat coctwaty, waa c«m pletoly thrown away. Dover, on whom S to 1 was freely laid, won tbe Maiden Plate almost as ho liked ?from True Blue, Haitlattd finishing last in a* field of four. The N.J.C. Handicap* the big race of the day, brought out -seven rrumerd, and liowlander, along with Middlesex, left the poddocfc equal favourites, S to U being tho bt-Bt offer against ouch. Bios led from the 'jump,' and a quarter of » mile from homp looked all over a winner, but theuadeuiahlc pameuess which csaracterisos all thu deaeendantc of old Eelpie was firmly mui.te.iaed by I*ow. Under, who flnished like a Trojan, noct wos under the whip by two lengths from Jlid dieses, another son of Kelpie, KIoh, vrho clniniB Culfrinbar ns a Firo, flnisbinfrthird. Dexter, who was most fancied in ihe Prinee, of 'Wales' Stakes, won that race olaverly, and Huniltrht nev-ir Rave his (seven oupononty, in tbo Epsom Handicap, a ghost ofn show, as he wa* in trout nil the way, and won with ridienloua ease from Volunteer 1,? SO len^thf. EI09 «m beaten by a baid for seaemd. A prrtsst wa* aitsrwards entered against the winner for going- on the wrong side of a wtit, end ample proof beimr forthcoming, he wah dicizua. li£c-4, tho stakes going to Volunteer. The following is a rep»iru!Vrf tke muing: — The Flying Hondicop, a handicap of 3 son oach, with 40 sov&fiddod.; Winning penaliies. 7 fnrloogs. Mr. J. Mnyo's ch h Soothsayer, by Kolpie— Pauline, 4 jra, 8pt I2lb (Hfnki) ? J* M. Scott's br f Vusner. by Hawthoradon— A*e M-oria,Syrs,VEt4lb(Roarty) ... ? ? !? T. M'Cartj'fl ch m B^neToleneo, by Th* Barb Charity, t yrs. Set 71U (KaJes) ? 3 T. Cronin'a b g Voluatacr, aged, 7st 101b (Brett) S. Hardlng's b o- Star, a^ed, 7e- 3lb (CuffJ J. EoIcs'r eh c Eolwrto, 3 yrs, 6rt lOtb (K»ox) T. Ivorj'a li c Bptculnm, 3 jtr, 6b-t 71h (Nioholsen) W. Murray's ch g Hoform, 5 .m, 5st lOlb (Forbes) A. r^innhnU'R hi m rti«J1Lr ]«R«ii- nrrocl. Avi. 7lb (Forbes) Betting : 8 to 1 each agninftt Star and Sootiisnyer. After a dozen brcalie away had keen indulged in, the flag was lowered to n f nir Rtart', Specnhirn, who \r&R; quickest on his legM, get tin;? awny first, followrfl by fiootbeoyer And Vesper, Benevolence being- Best in order, with Gang X^nrsic lust. Snoculuui rontitmod b-s lend round the first turn, hntsttlio far ride IteocrolcnGf) went ihrough. his horses and beg-au to cnt out the work, at n. vtiry teerry pace. Star nnd Reform Vieinp m*st in order and toputiier a couple of lengths nwav. Qmp Lassie and Sooth. Fnyer followinp. nttended by Voluntft-r and Vosper. There vns very Uttl« elteratiou nt the half-mile post, lmt Benevolence o])pt»red to increase his lead at tbe railway, nnd bore Star wad lying eecoud, waited on by Reform, who looked dungcro»if=, and nt thie point. Meo Booth«ayi»r ond Ve?per bemu to come. As they ronnded into tke rails, tbe iueue looked liku B m^rnl for tbo daughter of the Bfixb, b«t the b*J tiring- very fast, tho xnaro swerved aoross the conrre, end Boofhriaycr with Vosper coming together witt deterniiuld rupbcft, a grand race home was tlie reanlt, eoothfttj-er and Mr. Scott's nare running a dead heat. BonoTolenco was beaten only al)outa,n?ck for seaond, Spocu lation na& .onrth, lollewcd in cider by Ketorm, Volunteer, RoliertOj Star, and Xiang L&seie.; Tiniii .lstin 826-10 sec. Maiden Plato of 50 eo vet, with a sweep of 5 sovb each ; penalties for winniuc two yenr-olds, 1J- milo. Mr. T. Ivory's b c Dover, bv Barbarinn— March iosess Filli*. 2 vrs. (Tut Iflb. innlniiinc 51 h Tutnnlt« (KiAoiwn) ... .:. .. ... — ::. 1 M'DnugaU's b 0 Tme Blue, I)T Kolpie, 3 jrt, 8st 21b (Hiulis) ? . ..! ... 8 A. Ktusli'Kb f Kilil.x-n MiivnarnMn, 2 jtb, 8itGlb, in^!iiiiDB51b],e.alty(Tlioroa-i) ? 3 U, J. Ailams's Br c H.aitlaDa, CM Mb, including 71b peaultv and 21b over -S)»ih»). Two to 1 on Dotw. AfiecMaitlonaiind iiidulgBaina l,o]t for bnli n milo tbe word waa trivon toafroou el art, Slaitlimd at onoe taking up the ranuin^aud leading mp tli.ptraitfbtamd iwat tbn etand, wbeu Dov«r -was lyiiiK Hcoo&d; io Er«nt of Xaflil«t?nKavour. neen, True Blue felchinc up the rear. Maitkud com abused to £o away at (he side, and ai tag tkrnojjiLjrler poet Katliloen raa inlo Bi»o»d p.eitjon. Tbere was do cbiLng. from tbi8, not of nli5 iinporianoo, until tho boras turn ^*ap re.iou.ed, wlien Mnltlilnd criod a fro, and Dover coming turonph won very .aftiiy by tkrec leagths. 1'rne nhiowas, KcceJiJ. Kathloou Uuvonniptn a fair third, and MaitlsnA la«t. Tim*. 2uiin )8 18 S-lOlh boo. Tb-! N.J.C. llwii'iioan ; a handicap kwmpalnics of 5 sovk each, with ]S» eovc added, liuilo -1 furlonfts. Mr. J. Moore's cho Lowland r.hy Kelpie— Hebe, S\ts, 'at (liotriy) .... ? .. ' ... 1 V. M'Mullon'fl cli ni MWdlosox, bj Kelpie— Juanita 5jrs, 7st41b (Kennedr) ? 2 G. ShooBmitb's ob b Hog, by Bulcinbsr, aeed, 6st 71b (Morgan) ? S G. Lyneh's blk h Sir Solomon, aged, Sat lOib (Coltej) S. HariinR's ch li Tlie Earl, 7et 81b (Calf) E. E. Jonei's b m Vnlntte.dyTB, 7ft 21h (Willinmnou) A. Kasb's b lj Wlalebone, ageiS, Ost (H.Thoinu) Betting: 5tc2 web against Lavender and Middlesex, 4 to 1 Valctlo, 5 nnd C to 1 rtliers. A grand start saw the lot {map away together, Bios being the first t« figure in rommnDd, and he led along tbsfar side and round the flrnt oomer, where be was leadfne; Vftlettabylinlf a do ton liinirths, Tho Earl ocenming third position in front of Whalebone and Sir Solomon. This vrder wasuuchnugedAlaloD? tjie far side, bntat ths rail way oorner The Earl ma info second place andcloFddon the leader, Valetia lrinu third with the remainder of the field clon* up, and all goingwoll. As they rounded into ths straight Elos again begaa to dra-w away, and bad aa ad vantJigo at tho stand of four lengths, The Eari ai)d Valetta running together iu company, waited on by Sir Bolomnn and Lowlandor, also side ty side. Whalebone helne last fln)] hi trmililn Tlip Vtlt\ ten back at. thft ena nt tfcn milM and Valotta'was pees to be lying second, olosely attended by Lowlander, and from this point they ran alone: tbe far side and to Ihe railway turn, where Valetta began ta die out, and 3jow!tmder pave chase t« tbs leader. BcrosJso Middlesex Logon to come, aid Lowlander Jouhiut Elos at the turn, they entered tbo straight t-iffetuor. Halt way up the roils Lowlander drew Away, and won oomfortably by two lengths from Middlesex, who beat Elos by 10' lengths. Sir Sblonbu was fourth. Yaletta, fiftb, and than, half s milo away.Tso Earl. Whalebone wac sees to etagrex after ronnding tbe home turn, and fell dead below the. distance. Time, Smin S3 8-lOsai!. Prince of Wale6St&lcc8Of40sOTSl;«tthaswespol fisors each. Weight far ago; seiliutf allowanoo. lmile. Mr. K. Cook's b g Ooxter, £10, 4 JTE, 7«t Ills (Carter)... 1 B. Houaenias's brm Cuuioo. £30. fi yrs, 7*t 18lt- (Koarty) ? t V. Murray's ok g Keform, £10, 5 jrs, Cst Ulb (Clarke) ? ? a FriSe.4 yrs, 8ut 111b; Susyfoot. £30, seed, 7st 131b; Fancv Boy, £20. 5 yrs, 7nt Sib; Silver fox, £20, aged, 7ut6ib; BobinBood. £20, atcd, 7et 711-; Rbamrodr, £20, t jr«, 7«t 41b ) The Gripe, £10, 5 yrs, 7rt CIli ; Voltaire, £10, aged, Set Ulb, alao started. Betting : 8 to 1 against Dexter, 4 to 1 against Paacr Boy, 5 to X sfnimst Prida and Baayfoot, 0 to 10 to 1 the others. Dexter and Gbamrock wero in j two flrstto juxap away at the fall of the flag, and Dexter going to the front olene at the home turn, won rathor cleverly, if not oojnf ortably. at the finish, from Cameo, by twe lengths. Beform trastkird. Fancy Boy was fourth, followed in order by Voltoire and Busyfoot. Time, lmin 48 S-lOsec, £nfiom Handioup, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs eaoh for jstai(eTcJ'witn4OsOTEaadi-d. 11 mile. Mr. T. Cronin's b g Volunteer, by Vnlnntoer, aged, 7st (Lovett) ? 1 O. Shnesraitii's eh h Elos, by Bulelnbsr, 5 yre, 6st 7ft- (Morgan) ? 7.. ... ... 2 J. Maya's ch b SoothBaytr, i yre. Bat Elb (Hints) J. Soles's b g Victor, aeed, 6st. Ulb (Enox) J. Korr'e b m Froserpine, «Trs, Ost Mb (Nicholson) T. H-Carthy's b m BoEadiid, 4 yrs, tat 4Ib Olnnroi) H. J. Adams's b g Nemo (late Happy Joe), 6*t W. 0. Freeman's bk Sm.UGht, i yrs, 7styib(BkV ten), dlaaualUed. Betting .5 to 2 against Proserpine, S to 1 asainsi Sooth. sayei\ 100 to SO apain&t; Sunlight. This Taoe nasdjs no desaniption, as Bnnlicht never gaTe sJs opponents a show, being in front all the way. vtmliw as hefiked by £0 laurtas. he was afterwaads ananabiS: for Koine on the wrong sid« ot tke post. Time, SsVra MfUOseo. 