WE recently condemned Sir Henry Partes* pruceedinga in inviting Parliament to neglect the urgent business of the country to afford him an opportunity of prosecuting a senseless quarrel with the Upper House, based upon an entire misconception of the precedents supplied by English constitutional history. The hon. gentleman, however, is not the only sinner in this respect We have only to consider the absurd want-of-confidence motion tabled by Mr. Fitzpatiiek recently, to see that the Premier's opponents are equally ready to fritter away valuable time in, what we must be forgiven for calling, purposeless gabble. The facts connected with this latest interruption to the work of practical legislation are briefly as follows:—The hon. member fbr the Northern Gold-fields moved for leave to bring in a bill to allow mining on certain private lands. The Assembly granted permission and at the same time agreed to an address to his Excellency asking him to recommend an appropriation for the purposes of the measure. For a while nothing more was heard of the matter, but when Mr. Gupeland rose to move the second reading it was found that no recommendation from the Governor had been sent down. The Premier then intimated that the Ministiy did not see its way to advise the transmission of a message. Thereupon the Speaker held that, as the expectation of a message was tbe only ground on which the mover could proceed, and as that expectation had been demolished by the announcement of the Colonial Secretary, the Bill must lapse. It was therefore withdrawn without any discussion ou its merits. After taking time to consider the matter Mr. Fitzpatrick suddenly discovered that the Government had shown great disrespect to the House, and had acted contrary to Parliamentary usage, in refusing to advise His Excellency to recommend the appropriation mentioned in the resolution alluded to above. Wow, looking at the matter impartially, it appears to ns that all parties have been to blame for the circumstances which afforded Mr. Fitzpatrick gronnds whereon to base his ridiculous motion. Mr. Oopeland acted in defiance of constitutional custom when he coupled a motion for leave to introduce a bill, with one asking the Governor to recommend an appropriation for its puiposes. It was asking the Housq and the Government to take a leap in the dark—to agree to promote a measure which they had not seen, and might possibly disapprove of. The Assembly was evidently wrong in giving even the semblance of sanction to a bill not yet before it. As for the Ministry, it also was clearly in error. It is true that in the first instance, when offering no opposition to Mr. Copeland's motion, the Government'said that it must not be considered to have committed itself by inaction to its support; but it appears to us that it should have dune more than this. Sir Henry Parkes is a groat stickler for Parliamentary usage when it suits hiB purpose, and he should have objected to the union of two distinct matters in one motion. Had he done so the bill might have been introduced in accordance with the permission given, on a simple or nnmixed resolution, when hon. members would have been placed in a position to consider iu> merits. After the lapse of a sufficient time the motion for a message might have been Submitted, and then both the House and the Ministry would have been prepared to act definitely in the light of knowledge. The Premier as leader of the Assembly is bound to regulate proceedings according to established role, and therefore he cannot be held blameless in this matter. But it must be admitted that though he was guilty of an error in the first instance he did his best to repair it afterwards, by announcing his objection directly the bill was called on again, instead of allowing Mr. Copeland to waste time in advocating a still-born measure. But however wrong the House and the Government may have been throughout the proceedings they did not afford a single ground, so far as we can see, for the interference of Mr Fitzpatrick. Had Mr Copeland's motion for a message been submitted in the usual ^ray, it would have been opposed, because Ministers would have been in possession of his bill, and have known that it was one to would have been, that no address to the Gowhich they could not assent. The consequence vemment would iave been agreed to. As Minissters, however, had no opportunity afforded them of opposing the resolution in Parliament, they could only dissent from it in a practical way, by refusing to recommend His Excellency tjo move in the matter. The action of the House compelled them to take this course, and ill Is nonsense to contend that a proceeding adopted under compulsion of the Assembly can be an insult to that body. It was open to t'he House of course to dissent from the opinion of Sir Heniy Parkes and bis colleagues, and, l>y raising the question in some other form, Co have given expression to its views, as it Is lW the habit of doing as regards a variety of topics. The settlement of the matter then ilrould have been merely a trial of strength between the Ministerialists and the opposition, and we know full well that the Government would have triumphed aB completely in the end as it would have done at the commencement, jifr Fitzpatrick's conduct in transforming a sample issue into one involving the fate of the Ministry, was indefensible in every way. The action of the Cabinet, although irregular, was not unconstitutional. It exercised a responsibility properly belonging to it in the only way possible, after the House had improperly ajgreed to an address, without seeing Mr Copeland's bilL Its conduct therefore could liot possibly furnish matter whereon to base a vote of want-of-confidence. Seeing, then, tlhat the point in dispute was only a matter between the " Ayes " and the " Noes," without anything to differentiate it from others continually settled by ordinary divisions, was Mr Fitzpatrick justified in raising the question in such a way as inevitably interrupted the progress of public business. It would have been bad enough if, without any special object in view, he had gained a decision in the usual form, seeing he was well aware that he fras in a hopeless minority. But his conduct In tabling a " no-confidence " motion when he he knew that he had not the ghost of a chance of carrying it, was of course far more reprehensible, seeing that it led to the loss of valuable time. The hon. gentleman acted without Consideration or judgment, no matter whether his conduct be weighed in the scales of constitutional usage, or tested by the somewhat Jow standard of political expediency. We "rust that his signal defeat will.teach him a esson. It may be asked why we discuss such matre at length when there are many subjects waiting comment which would be likely to ave more interest for our readers. Our .nswer is ready. We desire to show how, while many questions of immense practical importance to the material interests of the countty are demanding attention, the most flimsy points of constitutional law and practice—matters, by the-bye, with which most hon. members are very imperfectly acquainted, are seized on to furnish excuses for debates in jvhich certain representatives can listen to the musio of their own voices, say disagreeable things to their opponent^ and possibly improve their chances of office. The passion for talking on every conceivable and inconceivable jopic without regard to practical results is becoming the curse of popular institutions, and unless it be speedily checked we may soon see them overwhelmed by contempt. If constituencies only knew what was good for them, they would put loquacity under a ban, and give their confidence only to those who had itlways shown a preference for solid deeds rather than for empty words. . I.T the late meeting of the Pastoral and Agrii iultural Society's committee it appeared that ;hings had not been moving smoothly between he secretary and Mr. Barbour, M.P. This uraual fair has deservedly become to the town ;he great event of the year, and of all shows in Riverina it has taken and bids fair to keep the iremier position. It is therefore much to be 'egretted that any nnpleasantness should arise n connection with it, or that any class mimosity should find shelter within the circle >f its eommittee. If there is any thing in the iistrict that might be kept clear of all party question and strife surely it is this annual >how in which all classes are interested. Some time since Mr. Barbour was requested to ise his influence with the Government, with ;he view of securing an increased allowance for the benefit of the society. The answer was as follows:— Sin reply, I am compelled to answer that In consejneoce of the studied indifference and disrespeot which you and a small Bection of the people have so largely exhibited, and which was again brought into prominence in the revision of the jury lists and the election of the committee for the present fear (of the D. F. and A. S.), when 16 squatters, and only two or three at most selectors, were made the committee, proves to me, in spite of the great desire shown by me to break down the antagonistic feeling between the two classes, this email section have taken, and are taking, every opportunity ' of fostering the objectionable feeling, and of ignoring and insulting respectable citizens who are every whit as good as themselves. This prevents that social good feeling and blendiDg of interests that ought to prevail. In view of all this I have no inclination to encourage farther this exclusiveness, nor to assist 25 gentlemen amongst whom I can recognise only two or three names who assisted me to attain tbe position which my opponents desire to make good use of. This is the mildest portion of Mr. Barbour's communications ; his subsequent letter to the Secretaiy might be deemed unfit for publication. In this letter, however, he falls into some serious errors, which in effect do a great deal to foster that class antagonism which he professedly seeks to destroy. Besides this it is not true. If the constitution of the committee were fully analyzed the tables would be found to tnrn against Mr Barbour. There are one hundred and eighty six subscribing members in the Society, of this number eighteen are selectors, of the balance a large majority are squatters, and the remainder are made up of townspeople. The Committee is constituted thus—eleven squatters, 11 townsmen, and 3 selectors. Although the number of selectors on the committee is small, it will be seen that it is larger than that class is really entitled to. We should be glad to see both classes evenly balanced on this committee, but until such time as the farming classes take more interest in the matter, and subscribe more liberally to its support, this cannot be. Mr Barbour shot very wide of the mark when he accused the squatters of disrespectful partiality in constituting this oommittee. The influence of the member for the Murray is of no great consequence whichever way it goes—yet .re think that even for peace sake it would have been as well if the righteous spirit of Mr. Barbour had not been vexed. For the future well-being of this society we recommend that the President do not ride so high a horse as he has mounted. To regard the office as one of so great honour that it would be undignified to sign a letter, is sheer nonsense; there is no such dignity about it. But to disregard the order of committee, when directed to sign a letter,. was conduct unworthy of any person who could be called a President. We know not how energetic Mr. Barbour might have been had he received a letter duly signed by a real live President. Also, let the programme be a little more diversified, including every article of larm and daiiy produce, as well as sheep, cattle, horses, and dogs. The great majority of attendants will be likely to take more interest in a bit of good butter, than they will in a well-bred dog. If these little things are attended to, the show will be more interesting in the future than it has been in the past, and if selectors will only open their pockets, which have been closed to a proverb, we venture to promise them full representation upon the oommittee. SCOTCH CHUBOH.—Tbe Rev. James Macarthur will preach on Sunday next, at Wanganella at 11 o'clock, a.m.. Pretty Pice at 3 p.m., and in Deniliquin in the evening. WESLKYAN.—On Sunday next (D.V.) the Rev. J. G. Taylor will preach at Deniliquin, morning and evening, at the usual hours; and at Brass! at three o'clock in th« afternoon. ~ POSTAL.—Mails for the United Kingdom via Brindisi will close at the Post Office, Deniliquin, on Thursday, the 13th May, at ten a.m. DENILIQOIN QUARTER SESSIONS.—This court will commence on Tuesday Dext, before his Honour Judge Forbes. The only local cases for trial are two Chinamen charged with keeping brothels in tbe Chinese Camp. There is another case, we hear, from Jerilderie, but we have not been able to ascertain particulars. Sra JOHN ROBKBTSON has been gazetted Minister of Education ; Mr. Plunkett, Under Secretary of Justice ; and Mr. Wilson, the present Secretary of the Council of Education, Under Seoretary of the new Department. DENILIQUIN CHOBCH OF ENGLAND SERVICES.— The Rev. H. Taylor will conduct Divine Service at St. Paul's Church to-morrow, morning and evening, at the usual hours. On Tuesday next, 11th instant at CobraD, at 7.30 p.m., and at fhule on the follow. Ing evening at the same hour. KANOABOO DOGS.—These animals seem to be giving trouble to sheep owners in the bush as well as to house-holders in town. Considering the large number we have in town, and tbe scanty supply of food dealt out to them by their owners, it is no matter of surprise that squatters on the adjacent runs occasionally find destruction wrought amongst their flocks. There can be no objection to people keeping as many dogs as they please, providing they have a place to keep them and means to feed them ; but many of these dog owners have neither, consequently the street is turned into a great dog kenuel, and the animals are lett to hunt for their own living, the butchers and sheep owners having to stand the racket. If the Inspector of Nuisances would capture and impound all the dogs which make sleeping apartments of the streets, tbere would soon be a reform in the dog question. GYMNASIUM.—We notice with satisfaction that the Deniliquin Gymnasium has been reorganised, and will re-open on Monday next, lOtb inst., io the Boyal Assembly Room. We hope that it will be well supported by the young men of the town, for while providing an unobjectionable means of re creation, the value of gymnastic exercises in developing a sound healthy jApsiq ut can scarcely be overrated. The Police Magistrate, Mr. Flood, has been elected president, Mr. Kennedy, ot the Public School, Vice-president, and Messrs. Moorhead and O'Dwyer, hon. treasurer and secretary respectively. PRISON LABOUR.—On Monday evening last the Mayor suggested tliat & return showing tbe quantity of work effected by prison labour be made. He believed that the same amount of work could be done nearly if not as cheap by piivate contract. Such a reiuru was laid on the table by the Council Clerk a short time since, and it showed a saving of something like one-third in the value of labour. In other parts of the colony the employment of prison labour by municipalities is being petitioned against very strongly; and we thiuk it a very moot point indeed, whether the Council here will gain or lose by its present mode of labour in the park. There are eight prisoners employed— four of whom work the " Government stroke *' perfectly, the other four wait their turn to do likewise. Two warders are kept constantly employed on the watch. As tbe report showed, there was a small saving on the work done. The Council has however to consider whether it would not be better to let the work to Bomo of tbe ratepayers who are out of employment, even at an increased cost. WANTED A SECOND-HAND BUGGY.—We were under (he impression that owing to tbe decrease in population the Council's works would be at the present time somewhat slack, but it seems that they have so increased that the clerk requires a buggy to expedite his travelling from street to street, and the Council is requested to furnish the vehicle, which we presume implies also the keep of a horse. No donbt tbe Council Clerk requires a buggy—he liveB a long distance from his office, and tbe additional nalks during the day are doubtless tiring to him: But it should be ascertained whether tbe necessity for an easy mode of locomotion arises from tbe increase of municipal work or from the infirmity which invariably accompanies old age and long service. If this is . not carefully done the Inspector of Nuisances will have a strong claim for a buggy also, and if tbe inspector, wlij not the herdsman I So that tbe Council may yet be the proud possessors of three municipal baggies. WE learn from a Matboura correspondent that Mr. Barbour has issued a writ for £500 against one William Crump, and also one against Robert Crump for the same amount, for having made use of fifty logs, which Mr. Barbour claimed as his pro perty. It seems tbat in 1877 the timber was seized by the Crown Lands Bailiff, and sold to Robert Crump and soo. Notwithstanding this, Mr. Barbour thinks he has a good claim against the purchasers for £1000. If he can get it he may think it a good set-off againit fifty confiscated logs. ANENT tbe meat freezing establishments, tbe people of Mathoura consider their village the most eligible site for a depftt. There is said to be water in abundance, an unlimited supply of wood, and no less than seven reserves in the immediate neighbourhood, any of which could be obtained for meat freezing purposes. To these we might add the advantage of having a quiet little village. SHEEP AKD CATTLE YARDS.—The D. and M. Railway Company are about to commence the erection of sheep and cattle trucking yards at Mathoura; PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.—" Pleasant Wordx," a small religious jnurnal published by Mr. Peter Campbell, the bush and city missionary; it is more readable and less caustic than tbe " Wasp," published by the same author. Also, in pamphlet form, the speech made in favour of a protective policy, by David Buchanan, when opposed by Mr. Reid, of Sydney. HOSPITAL REFOBT.—Remaining last week, 18 ; admitted, 3; discharged, ii; died, 0 ; remaining, 19. THE rainfn.LL at Deniliquin for the week eudine May 7, amounted to 0*08 inch. 