O6IGINAL CORRESPONDENCE, -· '. - :o:. -- ' TO TilE TDITO. OF Tip KHM IA3E0A OIONDP ENT. Sns,-Politioes, at best, are to the majority of people dry.and uninteresting, notwith standing the important general interests concerned,. That 1, at lealt, have rather added to than lessened these symptoms, I am perfectly: sensible. 'Those who have troubled themselves to peruse my letters will have discovered I have endeavoured to draw publio attention to matters concerning Free Trade and protection, important ques. tionsbhut too vagiely and limitodly under. stood. I .have endeavoured to liorw, that revenue raised through the Customs is the moat. satisfactory and equitable, and am of opinion, that sufficient may; .by'a properly regulated tariff, be raised forall. Govern. ment purposes, thus avoiding the anminying and troublesbmnie etpedionts resorted'to by the present Government of taxing stook, &o;, Isit conjectured the sworn statements as to number of stook will be. reliable? These sworn;, statonements will have no more. binding effebtupon many, than a cobweb on a hors's'l g. The system of Free Trade; as defined and explained by a writer In.your colMine, .I do not tlihlk:'ny reason able man 'ivill :'cept,.' In tlo first place it is uitjuilt, for admitting what are termed nenoedsaries duty free, while restriotiiig what iard termed:luxuries, by taxation,. Seeondly, it limits the operationof thi Oustoms, ias ; means of revenue, by imposing taxation on luxuries.only.. :The writer must have a very qonfined, idea of.:trade w?ho recom mends.. this in Free Trade,. With proton. tidn, properly so called,: or 'as defined by this writer, I' have nothing to do-I have not studied it. Perhaps my fbrother. poll tician-- I.am quite sure Mr, Coulter will repudiate the relationship-has mastered; tile question.'. rThe passage whore ho' airs his fine writing, by consigning Mr. Coulter, myself and proteocion's ghost, to tile shades 6f blackest.night, is when' applied to me:as a protectiocist,.lame and impotent. I have beeo' carefil to' 'elow, tile taxation I pro: pose ie fi:purposes ·of reveliue, It seems from a rather aloudy.ORdessaed ot thiswv~ritser whlierein he extole dhe wasdomh f Publii schobol politicians,. that an?iy taxiatiori spioe' necessaries are necessarily protodtion." If so,. why, not equiilyano upon luxurios 1 Has .the long-imposed' tax. tipon: 'sugar oliminated this necessary ftom theo ht'bf duty-paying commodities? Tile tax upon' tobacco ? The high duties (" almost ipro-. tootionl.") upon spirits l For ,whlat length. of time might heavy duties-b l~irised upon imported cotton and woollen manufactures alone, before our own.manufaotismobf these goods had shlut'. themn :orits'of' tlis.timarkoti and eliminated them frboin thle .ilst:of duty. paying articles?. .At :the .eamo: rrito' of manufacturing development herb', shall I in naming one hundred yearsc, be a'day.beyoid the timoe I thiik not. Taxation on im ports, however, might have a tendenc~y nlark the word-to develop our own pro. ducts, unloaen suchl imports are upon'such as we cannot produce-tea for instance., A'Ad I recommend taxation through the Oustoin -louse as preferable to any other systom. I no much, however, prize free commonroiall intorcours, tlhat ainy aohemo of taxation which can be substituted, as generally acceptable an thie ustonm Housen systen, will prepare me to acoept the total abplition of time syatem, and I 'halllibecome a Froo Trader, not onlyuin name but in elfeot. And nbow, lhitr; dito'r, thjst I ima, not beo ton tireeo1ito yoU ·hi'd m?:?readers, I bid time ub~jlbet tarcoi~hl,`'>' ' ' '!" : 'Ihavethhe lopourto bti ' '::'Yourt' most bbediently, ' '".";? '" FRIED; PHILLIPS, ' 