ÔÊÊASÏÔNAk NOTES. LOCAL AND GENERAL. 0 B friend ' Verus, apparently quite unable to combat our arguments, publishes as a reply to them a column of characteristic misrepresenta- tions and of characteristic sneers, embellished with an astonishing exhibition of shall we say " borrowed "-classical learning. There is only one statement in his effusion which we think it worth our while to notice. a Verus ' asserts that for purposes of our own we have misrepresented the English constitution and led the public to believe what all men will (not have the charming simplicity to accept -- that the Crown cannot now dismiss Ministers supported by a majority of the House of Commons. 'VerusV knowledge of constitutional questions must certainly be as 'borrowed' as that which he attributes to ourselves, if he really imagines that the Crown has this power. The Crown has all sorts of powers in theory, which it does not possess in practice. And we are " charmingly simple " enough to maintain that were the Crown to attempt an assertion of the power, which in theory it possesses, of dismissing Ministers supported by a majority in the Commons, the result would be something very like a revolution. Seeing that the exercise of this and other theoretical rights by the Crown would infallibly lead to the suppression of the Crown, we hold ourselves justified in saying that the Crown does not possess the powers which Vera's ' attributes to it. Might we suggest in conclusion that if ' Verus honours us with any more of his kind attention, and quotes any more of our sayings, he should, when placing those sayings within inverted commas, give the actual words which we use, instead of a garbled paraphrase of his own. We think this would be more strictly in consonance with those principles of 'morality' of which 'Veros' has constituted himself the champion. THE neighbouring colonies, one and all, appear to be greatly inconvenienced by the deficits, more or less huge, against which they have to contend. New Zealand with her deficit of £1,000,000, is in the worst plight of all. She has discovered that her Audit Act works badly, and has sent over a commission to enquire into the working of Audit Acts in the other colonies. Tasmania appears to be the only colony in the Australasian group not troubled with a deficit. But before congratulating our Tasmanian friends upon their exceptional good fortune, it may be remarked that there is a little deduction to be made from it. The year 1879 began with a deficiency of £5000, but the calculations of the Treasurer showed a probable deficiency of .6107,000 at its close. To provide for this. Treasury bills were issued to the amount of £100,000, to be redeemed by instalments of £10,000 per annum, leaving a deficiency of £7000 for the year 1880 to begin with. It is estimated that by means of the new taxation the revenue for 1880 will exceed the expenditure by £12,000 after the redemption of the first instalment of Treasury bills, so that the deficiency of £7000 will be converted into a surplus of nearly £5000 and that this will probably be increased to £14,000 by the end of 1881. But if this expectation should be realised, the fact will still remain that eight instalments of Treasury bills, representing £80,000 of the deficiency of 1879, will await redemption. In reality, therefore, at the end of the present year the colony will have a deficit of £78,000, instead of a surplus of £12,000, because money raised by Treasury bills is only borrowed money, not legitimate income. No colony can rightly claim to be untroubled by a deficit when it is only by borrowing money that its current liabilities are met. Ax extraordinary scene occurred in the New Zealand House of Representatives on August 28th. Wearied out by the continuous sitting of 10 hours, the member for Hokitika, Mr. Seddon, had succumbed to fatigue, and slept peacefully upon his seat. A division was taken on a motion for reporting progress, and attention was called by Mr. Pyke to the fact that Mr. Seddon had not recorded his vote. No notice being taken of the remark, Mr. Pyke again drew attention to Mr. Sed- don's condition, when the latter gentleman, with a yawn and stretch, slowly rose from his posture, and said, " I vote against Mr. Pyke." The acting chairman then recorded Mr. Seddon's vote with the " Noes." Mr. Pyke continued his interruptions until his conduct was reported to the Speaker, and he was ordered to leave the Chamber, whereupon he retired to the reporters' gallery. The Premier moved that he be censured. A long debate took place upon Mr. Pyke's conduct, when attention was drawn to the fact that Mr. Pyke was listening from the gallery. He was ordered to withdraw, but as he did not do so the sergeant-at-arms was directed to remove him. That officer, on reaching Mr. Pyke, was requested by that gentleman politely but emphatically to keep his hands off, or he would be sued for agsar.lt and battery. After vainly endeavoring to induce Mr. Pyke to withdraw, the sergeant-at-arms reported his refusal to Sir G. M. O'Rorke (who had shortly before entered the Chamber and taken his chair). The officer was instructed to do his duty, and Mr. Pyke was gently ushered from his position. Soon after, in obedience to a generally expressed wish, he was called into the Chamber to offer an explanation of his conduct. He stated his view of the case, and insisted that he was not at fault, and that not having done anything improper he declined to express regret. He again left the Chamber. The Speaker said there were two modes of punishing Mr. Pyke ; one was to place him under the custody of the sergeant-at-arms, the other to inflict a penalty of £50. He strongly urged the latter course. Ultimately Mr. Pyke expressed his regret, and alleged that his refusal to sit down was addressed to members who were shouting, and not to the Chairman. The apology was accepted on the motion of the Premier. IT may interest the many friends of Mr. Henry Weld-Blundell in this colony to hear that he has lately fallen foul of the Queensland press, had received a dignified rebuke from the Courier. Mr. Blundell is member for Clermont in the Queensland Legislative Assembly, and is a frequent and, we are told, " usually a careful and accurate " speaker. Not long ago it was proposed that a postal charge should be levied upon newspaper's as an equivalent for the expense to which the colony was put in their delivery, and Mr. Blundell in supporting this proposal asserted that Queensland was giving " unnecessary encouragement to newspapers which was not given in any other part of the world." The Courier at once replied that in nearly every one of these colonies newspapers were transmitted post free. And certainly we should have imagined that, even had Mr. Blundell been unacquainted with the fact so far as the other colonies are concerned, he could scarcely have been ignorant of the practice in Western Australia, for the row excited when Governor Weld temporarily imposed a postal charge upon newspapers in this colony, was sufficient to have impressed it upon the most treacherous memory. In the same number, the Courier laments the degradation of the House, through the license of language in which honourable members commonly indulged. Personal violence has not yet been resorted to, but this the Courier attributes simply to the fact that members are so accustomed to be (called 'liars,' 'rogues,' 'fools,' etc., by fellow members that the use of these epithets has ceased to excite those feelings of resentment which would find their natural vent elsewhere in assaults and batteries. "WHEN the last mail left Melbourne, great excitement was felt there respecting the floods in the river Yarra and elsewhere which began on September 12th. All the low-lying lands adjacent to the river at Richmond, Collingwood, Emerald Hill, and the Yarra banks were under water, presenting the appearance of a vast Like. Numbers of houses were isolated by the water, and the occupiers had to be taken off in boats. Business was suspended, and large numbers were obliged to suspend employment. The rain penetrated the roof of the annexes of the Exhibition Building, and did some little damage, but nothing serious. In other parts, however, fearful damage was caused by the floods. The railway lines were considerably injured, several bridges were destroyed, and the loss in the wool districts was stated at £50,000. SOME excitement has been caused in Sydney by the refusal of the authorities to permit Mr. B. A. Proctor to lecture on a Sunday. The renowned astronomer, who has been giving a very successful series of lectures in Sydney, admission to which had to be paid for, announced that he would lecture in the Theatre Royal one Sunday night. Act- ing under the instructions of Sir Henry Parkes, the police warned Mr. Proctor that he must not carry out the announcement mentioned, and also warned the lessees of the theatre that, in the event of the Sunday lecture taking place therein, their license would be cancelled. It may be mentioned that in the other colonies lecturing on Sunday per se is not prohibited, but charging for admission on that day is not allowed. In this instance the police explained that they had not taken action because of the nature of the lecture, but because payment for admission was to be taken. Mr. Proctor abandoned the lecture, not apparently because of the warning addressed to himself, but because he didn't wish to endanger the theatrical licence. He maintains that the law is in his favour, and complains that the Premier treated him discourteously Sir Henry Parkes has been praised for his action by Sabbatarians, and blamed by others, and by all the Sydney papers. MASONS have for some time past been mafeking alterations in the gateway at the main entrance to the Government House grounds. Two lamps are placed on the two gate posts, and then lamps have been given a first coat of bright vermillion. Has the Department of Works got an eye for color ? If it has, and the department would be pleased to walk down and look at those lamps on the top of those gate-posts, and note the effect of their bright red colour against the dark green of the foliage behind them, we think the department would come to the same conclusion as ourselves-that to alter that vermillion line would be a barbarism. A CORRESPONDENT of the Inquirer who has signs himself " One who was present," denies Mr. Gillam's assertion that the Government Resident had refused to preside at the meeting to which the letter refers, if the discussion of the harbour dues question was to be conducted from a party point of view, merely in the interests of the P. R O. Company. Mr. Hare authorizes us to state that Mr. Gillam was perfectly correct in this assertion. He had distinctly made the stipulation with the promoters of the meeting before he entered the court house. One of the paragraphs in this letter of " One who was present is somewhat curious : " He (Mr. Clifton is moreover a gentleman- a species of animal with whom the West Australian's correspondent has evidently had few opportunities of associating with (it)." This is evidently meant to be extremely severe upon poor Mr. Gillam, and no doubt he will feel it acutely. But is it not at the same time somewhat severe upon poor Mr. Clifton also? To be called a species of animal,' even though a species that may be classed as a gentle- man whatever meaning that misused word may in such a connection assume-can scarcely be agree- able to his feelings. It certainly is not a term most persons would make use of, as a matter of choice, when describing a friend in a public print. JAMES MORRISON, stock and station agent, reports as follows: At my sale of sub-divisions of Swan Location 702, now known as Claremont, and there was a good attendance and all the lots (24) sold at prices ranging at 120s. to kill 10s. each. At my sale of stock held at the Guildford sale yards on Tuesday, 62 head of cattle were yarded, the bulk being from Mr. Ogilvie's Shark's Bay station. Heifers ranged from £4 10s. to £4 12s. 8d. ; bullocks from £3 5s. to 57 10s. ; horses no buyers. A fine lot of fat sheep were also offered, but withdrawn, 14s. per head only being offered. These were ultimately sold for delivery when shorn at a satisfactory price. GRIFFITH'S ' ghost at St. George's Hall was a fiasco, but the Granville ghost in the House of Lords has puzzled even Professor Tyndall. During the last session, that terminated so abruptly. Lord Granville was often observed to be gazing in an abstracted manner at the wall opposite his seat in the House of Lords and on more than one occasion while he was speaking he came to a dead stop for a moment or two, and looked earnestly at the point in question before resuming. It has gradually leaked out that the cause of this was the apparition of a movement in the wall, with a shadowy form as of a lady, sitting at the window, with her elbow on the sill and her head resting on her hand. The arm and face were always very distinct, the former being adorned by a bracelet, in which magnificent diamond star flashed brightly, and the utter, s singularly beautiful countenance, being characterized by an expression of unutterable sadness. All hypothesis of disordered vision or unconscious celebration" have failed to explain the phenomenon for, as Lord Granville is perfectly free from appari- tions outside the House of Lords, it is evident that the "ghost" has to do with the locality rather than with the person. Professor Tyndall has been applied to and has avowed his determination to clear up the mystery, but hitherto all his investigations have proved unavailing: WE learn by telegram that the overland mail from Albany was capsized in the rats coming down Horne hill, between Mt. Barkerpoliee station and the Messrs. Hassell's homestead of Kendenup. There were three passengers, Mr. Fleming, Superintendent of Telegraphs, Mr. Innes, of the Union Bank, Albany, and Mr. Hatton Richards, a nephew of His Honor the Chief Justice. The native who accompanied the mail, made his way over to Kendenup, and informed Mr. Albert Hassell of the accident stating that Mr. Fleming had been thrown out, and had broken his leg, and that the other passengers were also injured. A messenger was at once sent from Kendenup to Brittain, ina linesman, who was camped not far off, and he proceeded to Albany to report the circumstance. Brittain arrived in Albany at 10-30 a.m., and, shortly afterwards, Dr. Rogers and a telegraph operator started off for the scene of the accident. By the time they reached Kendenup, so far as we can learn, the man had started and was some distance on the way to Kojonup, Mr. Fleming and Mr. Innes having been left behind. The field instrument does not appear to have worked satisfactorily, and the first details of the accident received in Perth came on Wednesday night, at 9 o'clock from Kojonup, where the mail had just arrived. Mr. Hatton Richards upon arrival at Kojonup was unable to travel any further, but Dr. Rosselloty, who was fortunately on a magisterial visit at the township, reports that he is not seriously hurt, and will shortly proceed on his journey. AJS enterprising scoundrel, on burglarious thoughts intent, did the inmates of the Roman Catholic Convent the unsolicited honour of paying them a domiciliary visit on Tuesday night. One of the sisters who happened to be awake, hearing the intruder's movements, raised an alarm, and the rascal decamped. If the baffled adventurer will communicate with Sergeant McLarty, at the central police station, he will hear of something to his advantage. 