] \ Musical Memoranda. IN looking over a nuia-.ber of musical publications wKicb have of lato been accumulating on our table, wo noticed tbo following curious items, whioh -we think will bo read with sorno degree of interest by many of our readers. Tho MUSICAL THIES gives tho following account contributed by M. do tietz to tho PARIS MINSTREL, of a visit which that lively gentleman paid to Patti. Of course English peoplo can afford to laugh at tho French man's mistakes, for in the first placo ho assures ns that ho took his passage on tho Great Eastern Kail way, and passed throuak the towns of Bristol and Cardiff-a fact which would ba equalled by an Aus tralian who might book himself for Murrurundi on the Great Northern Railway, and then pass through the towns of Campbelltown, Goulburn, andBathuist. ".At last ho reached Glamorganshire, and halted at a village called Bridgend, where a dialogue took placo. « Where is Watertown Hall ?' 'This way your honour. . When yen come to tho river, turn to the loft. Ono shilling.' '.How, a shilling!' 'Yes, your honour, every time tho lady at tho Hall meets me she gives nil, one. You aro a friend of tho lady.' . * Admirably reasoned. Here is your shilling.' Fol lowing tho direction paid for, M. de Retz came upon a feonstruotion assez bizarre (sufficiently grotesque) tali farm, half mansion, to which an enormous round towor gave a baronial air. Only one pull at : tho bell, and tho door opened, whioh proved to our friend that tho servant was French, since an English domestio alwayB keeps one waiting ten minutes. Then followed an interview with the best page in petticoats that ever waited on an operatic queen. ' Madame is not visible,' said Caroline. ' How, not visible ? She expeots .us.' * That is why she is not visible.'j 4 Where is she ?' * At the bottom of tho garden near tho river. Yon will pee her in a white dress and big hat, motionless asa statue.'. 'Is she studying Lohengrin ? Ido not seo ; the swan.' * Madame never studies.' ' Is sho writing to her lawcrs ?' ' Madame nover transacts business.' ' Is she reading onco more the", chivalrous article that appeared in tho HAILY TTELEORATH concerning her benefit ?' 'Madame never reads the papers.' 'Then what ÍB she doing ?' ' Catohing trout for your din ner!' ' Dear reader,' exclaims tho ecatatio De üetz, 'you have often entertained tho strangest désires, and given rein to the wildoat aspirations, but didjlypu over dream of one day making a dinner of trout1' caught by Patti?' We can conscientiously answer, never !" Of course, tho Patti of this ridicu lous story is tho goddess, Adelina, and not Carlotta Patti, her sister, who lately visited thia city. Several editions have latoly been published of Mozart's^duos for violin and viola.' The history of these duos ia not only curious, but redounds greatly to the credit of tho illustrious author. Mozart, ^vho was married on August 4, 1782, wont in tho-encl, of July of tho following year witTa. his wife, to Salzburg, on a visit to his father, where' he called on Michael Haydn, and learned from him that ho (Haydn) was ia ill health, and, therefore, unable to produce certain duets which the Archbishop had commissioned him to write. The Archbishop had threatened tho poor musician with the loss of ? his salary should lie fail of performing his* promises. Mozart visited him several times, and at each visit wrote for him a portion of those beautiful duets which are now regarded as amongst-tho treasures of tho musical world. The firstt duo is in G major, and consists of an allegro, adagio, and rondo ; while tho second is in B flat major, and comprises an introductory adagio, an allegro, andante cantabile, and theme with variations. Both duos ' show- the skill with whioh Mozart could accommodate himself to circumstances, for both ? instruments aro treated as of equal value, both alter nately imitate and accompany each other, while the harmonies produoed by both aro very full and rich. As I an instance of tho cheapness with whioh âlassio music is now produced, wo may note ,faat we purchased theso duos beautifully printed in Litolff's collection, volume 608, tho other day at a musio warehouse in this city for ls Gd. They are alao published in series XV. of Mozart's works, now in course of publication by Breitkopf and Hantel, of Leipzig. One of the great works of John Sebastian Bach ) 'Ç«Vi recently performed in this city. In reference to . ÜÁe. warka of thia master, Mendelssohn writes in ithe year 1838 to tho committee of the Lower Rhine Musical Festival aa follows:-j " The mora'successful the previous Cologne Festival ?waa.in reference to tho pieces performed, ospeoially in Handel's work with tho organ, tho more impor tant it seems to me to have at least one piece in thef<programrao by whioh thia year's festival may bo distinguished from others, and by means of which pro gress may, as far as possible, be manifested. For thia pnrpoae, I consider it abaolutoly necessary to have : the name of Sebastian Bach in the programme, if only for one ahprt piece; for it is certainly high time that at theso festivals, on which the name of Handel has shed Buch lustre, another immortal master, who is on no one point inferior to any master, and in many points enperior to all, Bhould no longer be forgotten." Let our musical societies tako tho hint thus given in good «arúeat, and placo at least one piece by Bach in tho programmes of their concerts, and they will not only De doing justice to tte memory of a groat man, but! also," conferring a favour on tho lovers of musio in this city; Moritz Harasowski, in his life lotters and works of "Proaerio Chopin, recently published by Reeves, givpB the following account of tho death of this great artist At length the last hour approached. His sister and his faithful pupil. Gutman, never left him .for a moment, the Countess Delphine Potocka, who . <rras:at:'Bomo distanco from Paris, set off to return the .-instant she hoard of the hopoless condition of ¿ho revered maBtor, that she might recoivo his fare well. _ In tho room adjoining the apartment where Chopin .lay speechless, woro some friends anxious to see him before he closod his oyca for over. It was a Sunday, tho 15th of October, and the atreets, wore quieter than usual. Hin sufferings were iintenso, yet ho tried to smilo at tho friends ^oqßd lüm ; and when, he Baw tho Countess [ Potocka, who -waa standing besido bis sister, weeping bitterly, ho asked her softly to sin£ | Eomothing. By a strong effort of self-control j sho masterod her emotion, and, in a rinding voice of boll-like purity, sang Stradella'a hymn to tho virgin so beautifully and EO devoutly that tho dying mau artist and love- of tho ber.utiful to tho very last-whispered, with delight, '.Oh, how beautiful! My God, hov/ beautiful!' ag>in and again. AB if endowed with super natural strength the Countess sat down to tho piano and sang a psalm by Marcello. Those standing at his hedsido saw that ho was growing weaker every second, and sank noise lessly on their knees. Tho solemn still ness waa broken on!y by Delphine Po tocka's wonderful voico, which sounded liko j that of an ung-el summoning the great master to tho ? rcalmsof tho blosEcd. All suppressed their sobs that I they might not disturb the enjoyment of his last j moments. Evening was closing in ; his sister knelt by bia bedsido weeping. Tho no-xt morning Chopin l'oit a little better. Ile asked for extromo unction, and Alexander Jelowickii, a very pious and learned priest, who was hold in high esteem by his countrymen, was sent for. The dying man confessed to him twice, and in the presence of his friends received the last sacrament. Ho then called thom all, ono by one, to his bedside, and blessed and commended them to God. After that he quito lost tho power of speech, and seemed unconscious. But a few hours later he revived, and desired tho priest to pray with him. Keating his hoad on Gutman's shoulder, Chopin, in a clear voice, repeated after tho priest every word of tho Litany. "When tho last agony commenced ho said, ' Who is near mo ?' Then ho asked for some water, and when he had moistened his lips ho inclined his head and kissod tho hand of Gut'man, who was supporting him. After thia last sign of gratitude and affoction, li6 sighed onoe, as if released from a burdf n, and then closod his eyes for ever. At this moment the bells of Paris struok 3 o'clock in tho morning of October 17, 1849. A few minutes afterwards tho doors of tho chamber wero oponed, and tho friends and acquaintances in tho noxt room oamo to look once more on tho beloved faco of the dead." If a statement which appears in the musical journal II TKOVATOEE be true, wo rosidents in Aus tralia know vory little of what is transpiring in the musical world in Europe. That journal states that during the years between 1858 and 1879 no less than G25 new operas have appeared in Italy, giving an average of about 30 for each year. To this wo "may add that about 12 now operas have appeared in Spain within the last half-dozen years. Of the merits or demoritB of tho groat mass of thoeo new works, the musicians of Australia know absolutely nothing. Erom an .article in" Augener's Musical Record" wo quote the following account of the plot of Ruben stein's new opera, " Nero," whioh was performedfor the first time in Hamburg in November last year : " Chrysa ia placed for protection against tho suit of Nero at the IIOUBO of Epicharis, a free woman, of rather-doubtful reputation, by Julius Vin dex. In spite of all the threatenings of tho tyrant, Vindex refuBes to give up his protegee, who, till then, waa quite unknown to him. Aftor wards tho party make an agreement to tho follow ing effect :-That the persecuted Chrysa should bo handed over to Nero by a fictitious act cf marrisgo, in case Epicharis, in whose residence tho Econe lies, knows her aa a lady of tba demi-monde; if, on the contrary, sho ia not recognised, Noro gives jup all his claims. After this arrangement Chrysa is brought to tho light, and recognises Epicharis as her own mother. Great laughter ensues, which is the moro painful to Epicharis, confronted by her daughter. Epicharis, in order to protect tho inno cent and virtuous mind of Chryea, bad not told her that BIIO waa illegitimate, and had therefore kept her own name, birthplace, and antecedenta, a secret from hor daughter, whom sho loved so dearly. By this mutual recognition of mother and daughter, tho lattor, according to the 1 letter of uho contract, waa deprived of tho protection of Vindex, and subject to the designs of Nero. A wedding with all the j particulars and f ormalities of tho ceremony takes j place, whioh is a mockery of the customs and holy rites to the utmost. In the festive crowd Epicharis Buccoeda in mixing Borne powerful drug in her daughter's wino, Dy whioh she is thrown into a trance, and BO withdrawn from the evil designs of Nero. Tho arrest, condemnation, and rosene of Epicharia and Vindex, a number oe murders oouamitted by Nero, his blas phemy, his ambition to appoar as a great_ poet and Binger, attempts at conspiracies, executions, &o.;,| form episodes of tho kind which seem to ooma ! pell mell, and tend to interfero wich tho interest I that haB naturally been oreated for Chrysa, Epi oharia and Vindex, Nero has heard that Chrysa ia not poisoned, but, on the contrary, taken under tho protection of his own mother, Agrippina ; and now, in order to get possession of hor with whom he ia passionately enchanted, ho bscomes roeonciled to his mother. But, again, Chrysa escapes him, and Agrippina is murdered. Poppraa is seeking means to put Chrysa, her rival, out of the way. When at last Chrysa discovers that Vindex loves her, sho tolls him that she is a Christian, and makes him a proselyte. Dur ing a great firo raisod by Nero to awaton tho fury of tho populace against tho Christians, Chrysa at'last, with self-sacrifice, eacapos his pernicious perse cutions. She discloses herself to the fanatio tormentors, and diea as a witness to her faith. Poppasa Sabina is triumphant. Nero fleea to avoid tho breaking out of an insurrection, and to shun facing Vindex, who declares the Spaniard Galba tho sueoessor of tho dethroned emperor. On his flight tho blood-thirsty monarch oomes to the tomb of Augustus, and hero ho is tortured by a series of dreams and apparitions which are evidently auggostod by a like soene in Shakoapear'a ' Richard III.' Tho manoa of all his victima amongst whom aro the wholo number of Christians .murdered by him-pass before him, and ho ia driven to desperation. This scene produces a most striking effect. However, the finale, which' is brought about by Saccus stabbing the tyrant, does not show an atom of horoio action. Nero dead! Noro dead! This ironical cry of tho legions closes Rubenstein'B opera, and in tho. clouds one sees a symbolical cross." The ghost scone at tho tomb of Augustus, is borrowed we think from Macbeth, and nob from Richard III., or perhaps from both plays. The music of tho opera is said to bo difficult but masterly, tho ohoruaes intricato, lengthy, and numerous. Tho opera requires tho services of 20 soloists, and tho field for spec tacular display whioh tho libretto affords is immense. As musical affairs do not travel quito so fast in Aus tralia aa they do in Europe, it ia just possible that " Noro " may bo brought outat some of our theatres some time during tho nc-xt half century, long after tho greater numbor of persons now living have gone over to tho majority. Mr. Engert's method for improving the sound carrying capacity of air in music balls seems to bo successful-that ie, it-, has been tried, and vriili _ Eraccc'SB. Tho method consista in sus I pending light etoel piatas in various parts of tho orchestra und throughout tho auditorium, by which means it is asseitcd that tho sound cf all in struments, aa well as of voices, bocomos round, well sustained, agreeable, and in all respects very much improved. The hoyo is eatertaincil that tho inven tion will bo applied in tho manufacture of musical instruments- and in correcting tho defects of luuaio halls. 