ACTA POPULI. By the TTiAKEtrE. I AM seriously afraid Lord Loftus will have to burst some of these days, or do something equally desperate, to save his reputation. New South Wales is evidently' too lofty a theme for Loftus. He cannot open his eyes without being filled to the brim with admiration of our lovely land, and he cannot walk two yards without being lost in amazement at our tremendous energy. It is, therefore, considered necessary to keep a black tracker on the premises constantly to prevent our losing Augustus altogether. Anyone would think he had lived all his life with the Esquimaux. We have, he says, the best country, cattle, and clover in this or any other world he knew of. If that's so, howdoeshe account for the fact that according to the Home papers Melbourne exports three times the quantity of wool and tallow that N. S. Wales does, although in point of fact we actually produce three times as much as our neighbours ? This is probably due, I suppose, to ' the enterprising energy and spirit of our population.' Secondly, Lord Augustus is constantly .. being reminded of England by our celestial music. When the hurdy gurdy lady rolls out ' Nancy Lee,' his heart goes back to the wooden walls and heads of Englands navy ; when the concertina fiend opens up his Grandfather's Clock, our ruler's thoughts are at once with Nelson, Tom Sayers, Old Parr, Holloway the pill builder, and all the other mighty men of old ; and when the splendid band of twenty-four drums and two fifes belts into the ' Babies on our Block,' he casts a hopeful, prophetic eye on the glorious deeds, such as colouring pipes, billiard playing, porridge eating, &c.;, of Australia's coming sons. Finally s he says, ' during the past twenty-five years we have made marvellous — he might say prodigious progress.' This remind me of the Frenchman who said the Crystal Palace was ' soopaerbe ; it vob makneefeecent ; it vos threemendoos ; it 'V03 pooty good.' Verily, whilst Loftus is here, Aus tralia will never want a bugler. My Christian friend, — When you see a portly gentleman, with a clean face and good clothes on, suddenly bail-up a dirty, dilapidated looking party with straw in his hair, mud on his trousers, and whitewash on his boots simply to inquire how the dilapidated looking fellow's wife and family are, whether his financial condition is still flourishing, and what he really thinks about this Dulcigno difficulty, you will know by these signs that it's apt to be a mighty close election. ' Believe me,' says the Roman Shakespeare, ' ifc is not for nothing that a rich man addresses him self to a poor ono.' I have often wondered why the teachers of certain religious persuasions invariably speak to children as if the latter were so many harmless lunatics. It is quite a mistake to do do. The Mayor and leading citizens of a country town may be fooled by the platitudeo and plausible style of a Premier, and the independent elector may work himself into fits over the big words and grandiloquent jingoism of an excited patriot, bufc it's not possible to fool a child. The instant a teacher puts on a simpering, affected air, that in« stant the child reckons him up, and the total' is— « a hypocrite. The child simply tolerates the teacher, and either falls asleep, or assumes an at tentive attitude which it is impossible for him to feel. . As an example of the above, suppose I am a Sabbath school-teacher — and I really was once , somewhere about the glacier period — and that I wish to tell my charge the story of that naughty boy Narcissus. This is the style I'd do it in« The children would be rounded up and compelled to look as mournful as do many wet hens ; the teachers would bustle about, distributing a pro miscuous clout here and there, and I would then let out as follows, dolce affetuoso : — ' Now, I want all the good little boys and girlo hero to pay great ahtenshun to what I am about to toll them. I am going to toll them of a very bad child — oh ! such a naughty child — who was called Narcissus. Mind, ho wasn't called a pair of scissors, but he was called Nar-cis-Bus.' A laugh at this imbecile joke is expected to como in just here, but as one lialf of tho young urchins aro chewing their hats, and the other half aro wondering at the pattern of the speaker's trousers, the applause hangs fire A lady teacher, hoy/over, contrives to get up a oickly smile on that nido of her face which io nearest tho Iccturor, while she frovno in a fear* fully suggostivo manner with tho other. Tho cliildron immediately tako tho hint, and laugh about as heartily as if fchoy had just been kicked by a mulo or had seen a ghost. Order being restorod, I begin again — ' Now, fchig Narcissus was a most beautiful person — so lovely, so handsome — a much handsomer per son indeed than I am.' Here I would pause feo note the effect on the lady instructors, and some unfortunate little vagabond, fancying he is expected to laugh again, bursts into a low guffaw Observing his mistake, he at once collapses as quickly as if some one had knocked his head off He : is then told to remain after class, as the teacher has some jam for him. He gets the jam ? — but; not on his bread. I then continue — ' Well, this'Narcissas was so vain that on ;eing himself reflected in a running stream he plunged in to fondle the handsome form, ario, of course was drowned. Now I hope no good little boy or girl : here will ever go down and be drowned like : Narcissus was. Let us sing the 24th 'im, and ' their diperse in peace and rectitude.' The lady . teachers sigh, and remark, ' Oh isn't he beautiful ? . so'tbuching, so clever,' and the children speculate amongst themselves as to whether I ought :to go to gaol as a rogue, or to an asylum : as an idiot. And yet another Knight.. So far as decora tions are concerned, the cry is, Still they come. In these unhappy days no one is safe from a C.M.Gk-ship. The honest, independent elector retires to roost on Monday night a contented cheerful man ; on Tuesday morning he awakes, and lo ! the curse of knighthood has been thrust upon him. Funny fellows like Lewy Scott and the' Zig Eag man will poke what the Assyrians called their 'borae' at him. Orange lodges 'will invite him to spout at their Bacchanalian tea fights ; he will be compelled to wash every day, and get his hair cut, and the Sydney Mail will print the portrait of what appears to be a dyspep tic old gorilla, and place the independent elector's name beneath. It has been truly said that now a-days a man spends one-half of his life en deavouring to gain a title, and the other half en deavouring to discover what on earth he has done to deserve it. Every man who can show ten shillings will shortly become a knight, and every man' who can sport a clean shirt will be entitled to claim a C.M.Gk-ship. Dan Cooper is the last victim, and now that he has had greatness thrust upon him, we will probably be struck dumb by the spectacle of his classic stores decorated with a c6at of whitewash. Olliffe said well (although it was after dinner), ?whim he said that excessive drink was not the only form which intemperance took. Some fellow once observed there were more graves dug by tho teeth, than there were by the tankard, but unfortunately he is dead at present. Only for this I'd bring him round to Olliffe's and get him to give uo a little more information about the business. Jupiter Pluvius is evidently a Gt-ood Templar. He did his best to throw cold water on the Licensed Victuallers' picnic last week, but failed miserably. The whiskey dispensers had the' best of times imaginable ; every individual man, from the chairman down, eat enough to sup port a regiment of Zulu braves, and the extent of the courting done by married men would give a stranger an idea that he had dropped down on a thriving Mormon settlement. Mr. J. R. Fairfax lately observed in public that the toast of the Press was generally stowed away at the bottom of the list along with ' the ladies' and, trivial items. I believe he went straight home afterwards, but we have no report from the seat of war at present. Davy Buchanan says he could eat the editor and subs of the Daily Telegraph for breakfast, the whole of the reporting Btaff for dinner, the compositors, machine-men, devils, &c.;, for tea, and then he could hash up everything else that would bo left, and make quite a hearty supper, washing down the lot with a sort of toddy made out of the office ink and ' whsukey.' Fixed up in this style, David thinks the concern would at least be useful. The Telegraph people quite agree with their opponent on the point, because, as they sagaciously observe, David would either blow up or die from chronic indigestion. ' A consummation ' as William says — &o.; ^Melville's hat is long and thin, and built on the stove-pipe principle. Its picturesque appearance is also enlivened by about a foot and a half of the best crapo wound round its base, and it was in the full blast of all its glory when he laid it down on the seat of a Newcastle hotel, and called for a small soda. Some youngsters were at once at tracted by the gorgeous spectaclo, and, after marching two or three times round in open mouthed wonder, ono of them inquired : ' Say, .Mister, is your cow dead ?' ' No,' replied the astonished Ninian ; ' I don't happen fo have a cow, my boy ; I'm a member of tho 'Ouse — why do, you ask ?' ' Well v/e thought she was, sir, -30Z v/e wuz looliin' at tliio ' (pointing to the hat), and wondered why you put your churn in mourn- ' ing.' It was a well-meant kick on Melville's part, but the lad was far too active. Percy Reginald is a clerk in a certain bank, and the pa of Louisa Maude was a sort of artist rather a bad sort, by the way ; but, however, this young couple married, and after a time Louisa Maude began to fill her head with the insane idea that she could cook by instinct. She never waited to ascertain whether her mission was to cook Percy's dinner or Percy's ' goose.' The hired girl (.bought it was the latter, but Louisa Maude was confident, and immediately plunged into the building of that mysterious-looking weapon called a ' roly-poly.' Being desirous of making a tasty dish, she ran her eye over a list of potted wares until she came to the name of anchovy paste. Now, paste .was the very tiling she was puzzling over. ; so :a large pot was procured, and after covering herself from head to feet with flour, fat, and oil ; knock ing over a string of plates ; slicing a few nuggets out of hor fingers, and scalding the poodle, the fearful mess waB at last an ac complished fact, and the pair sat down to en joy their epicurean delicacy. When the first mouthful struck Percy's stomach he got up to see if something hadn't exploded, and when lie tried the second, he began to wonder whether it would pay him better to cut off Louisa Maude's head and risk his trial, or go on with the extermi nation of the tasty pudding. He compromised, however, by distracting Louisa Maude's attention whilst he filled his pockets, and thus managed to dispose of half tho fabric. Louisa Maude was delighted, and began to inquire where anchovies grew ; if she could only find that out, she'd buy a ton and they could have anchovy roly-polies always. Percy said, ' Don't, dear, they are too rich,' and then gliding out, he pelted the lot at a neighbour's dog and wondered whether Miss Fidler wa3 still alive, and where a postal card would find her. Since the tramcars began to plough the deep up Oxford-street way, I notice the 'buses have engaged quite a new array of horses. They are built on the hat rack principle, plenty of knobs hero and there to hang on to, and a neat and com.modious handrail seems to run down their back, and greatly adds to the general hilarity of their whole appearance. They are also of an inquiring turn of mind, and seldom let the tramcars pass without making gigantic efforts to get inside and test their carrying capabilities. The only objection to this proceeding is that they invariably exhibit a strong desire to sit down on the lap of the weakest passenger pre sent,' 'and besides they havo an unpardonable weakness for neglecting to purchase tickets. I regret to learn that many of them- are heavily mortgaged — to the orows. About the roughest connundrum I ever grappled with has just been dealt out by our friend the Echo. It runs as follows : ' Why do people commit suicide ?' As I never did it myself, to my knowledge, I can safely say I don't know. The difficulty is this : when a man really does commit suicide, that's all about it. According to Bowie Wilson'; and company, his time is then devoted to the art of removing furniture, and playing ' nigger ' tunes on pawnshop banjoes, and of course as the return ticket system is dis continued, we get no further information on this rather exciting subject. There are many reasons, however, for a person committing suicide. For instance, sometimes a man gets shut up in a train with Lewis Scott, and Lewis immediately asks, ' Why is a four-quart measure like a ladies' saddle ?' The man doesn't know, and Lewis of course replies, ' because it holds a gall on.' Then the man seizes his own body with both hands and slings it out of the window. In this case Lewis Scott is, of course, the reason. Secondly, some people fall in love with the wrong girl ; others drink more than they are licensed to carry ; others have more debts than dollars ; and, lastly, nearly every Buicider when searched has been found to have a copy of the Herald con cealed about his person. At present these aro the only reasons I will agree to answer for. I was- revelling in the voluptuous splendour of ! a Woollahra 'bus last Tuesday, when a perfectly reliable, although rather respectable-looking, fat old gentleman informed me that despotism was quite confined to Russia. I said ail right — what about the Sydney Gas Company. The fat man suid ho wanted to get out immediately. Strictly speaking, tho report that tho Hon. Dan O'Connor has the measles is not correct, I regret to add, however, ho has ' broken out ' in a far more dangerous form. Dan is in love. He couldn't be bothered discussing State affairs at a late picnic, because ' two or throe very nice j young ladies ' were waiting for him to chase the festive hours with twinkling feet, to exchange conversation lozenges, and talk about loves and doves, and so forth. Daniel, have a care. You might find mercy in a lion's den, but in a den of ladies your doom is sealed. And no less than ' three very nice ladies ' 'will soothe tho soul of Daniel even to start with. In course of time wc will have a Salt Lake settlement over here per haps, and Elder O'Connor will shine forth as Brigliam Young Secundus. Thi3 is a fearful thought. Our children will still persistin making the tram line their special playgrounds. Their infant ilri instinct probably tells them the rails wore laid down for their sole use and benefit, or perhaps they have attended a Trades Union meeting, and learnt therefrom that our working population is still far in excess of our work. The tram con ductors, however, act with remarkable prudence and consideration. If a throe year older was found perched on tho rails in any other metropolis the conductors would pelt blue metal at him, or plug up his legs with duck shot, but here the guard puts on full speed and calls out, ' Look bore, you offeneive son of a maritime professor of the culi nary art, if you do not immediately remove your obstructive carcase from her Majesty's train, I'll poke you over the head with this motor and boost you away to the land where angels dwell, and then fellows will jump up and write poetry in the livening News about you.' The child generally treats the first part of this oration with supreme contempt, but as soon as the poetry part ia mentioned he picks himself up and scampers off like a second Aplitt. I think Dr. Beg ought to take a spell and give some other fellow a chance to earn a reputation. There is not a subject under the sun, from .Spiritualism down to the small pox, that Wazir hasn't wrestled with, but he is always forced to make his battle a drawn fight. His last exploit was to rub up the patriarchs and discover the meaning of the word ' sheol.' Waizir now says it means' a hollow place.' If that's so, I generally havo a sheol underneath my waistcoat every day about one o'clock, and if a party travelled round the Assembly way with a cart he could pick up a tidy load of sheols by bagging the heads of many of our enlightened members. 