fflfcM MARRIED TO AN ACTRESS. \ CHAPTER VIII.—[Oontinncd.) Br MRS, E. WISSTANLEY, Authored of " Twenty Straws," %c., $o. ?' I'h very sorry, Agatha," Bertha, In groaS agitation. "Shall I Bend oneot the gemots to look After her?" : " I—I really don't know what to do—" " And bid him to just glance at the river hue and there as it winds its course ttirounh the grounds 1" < " Bertha, Bortha, do you really think sho's . - drowned herself ?" Agatha gasped, suSooat ingly. "I don't know. I f?el too eonfasod to decide, , One minute I think thia way, then that.'. Why doe?n't she coma borne it she be ? alive ?' She's bad no iunoheon; it's waiting ' for her now, and it's ono of her ? favourite . dishes—stewed sweetbreads." ; " tell Simon to find hia young : aii?trea?: in the plantation," Miss Eltington Mid, in a disturbed manner. Bertha lost no time in obeying her eiatot'd bidding, and Simon wont straightway offon bis errand, whistling oareles?ly along as bo and . without a thought upon the im portance ol bis mission. ' ? After staring about him in this quarter and ; in that, the man came back to say that " ho had not seed naught about t' young miBSUB." "Did yon look into the river, Simon?" : suggested Miss Bertha, in an under tone. , " Blver, mum! 'Whatever should I lodk . into that for ?" ho asked, in" astonishment.! : "Weil, Simon, Mise Annie might have mot with Bomo acoident," returned Miss Elring ton. " You know how she admires the lilies, growing on its banks," she. added, with a groan, whisli was instantly echoed by Bertha. , f'Weol, I dunno, mum, nout about 'un . iein' font of lilies and siohloike; not I. ? I . only knows that I ; could nn.' fioind her no -1 wherai." ? ? ? "Idiot I'V exolaimcd Miss Elrington, im patiently. "Go baok again, and scarch everywhere about the grounds : for your young mistress." ? ? Simon mado. no reply but .walked off on his errand. He oame to a stump of a tree, ftnd there sitting down, ho drew forth his -fclaok pipe, lighted it, and smoked quite eonttntedly. . t Whattea bo use o' runnin' mysel' off my legs wi'huntin' for a greet big lass loike that Hiss Annie, who would aB soon slap jny face as look at me, if she soed mo ?> lookin' arter her|doin'n. Presently, when my . pipe's gone out, I shall goo back whoam ajr say I couldn't foind her, un' that'll be tho truth, seem' as I niver sarched for her nowherea." v.. " The child must have run off to Aver ?arde," said Miss Elrington, with , a new thought and: brighter-countenance. ? ",.We must send a message at onoo thither to in quire after her. I havo Bome hope of find ing her now." Accordingly, off. to Averardo they were preparing to send a mounted messenger, i when, to their surprise ; and joy, Annie op ' seared with dejeoted gait, Bwollen eyes, - and haggard looks; - She sank into the nearest ?eat, and hung.her head. . Her Bistera Abw towards her and nearly smothered her-: with .their embraces, " Oh Idear child, where have you been ?cried Miss Elrington. "We haro been so 1 uneasy and unhappy about you." _ " We were afraid you had fallen into the' liver and were drowned/'- - added Bertha. ?'.And—but, dear me, your dress' is quite damp," she ? went on, feoling - the , Rirl's clothing. " Something of the sort must .lxave happened to you; andyou've been on ?deavoaring to dry youraelf— a moat imprudent ? *ort of thing on your part. '- Tou must un : dress at once, and'have some warm* gruel and go to bed. It's a mercy we see you alive ?gain, I'm sure) Why, merey on-us, Ido ? believe the ohild.has fainted away 1 Agatha, ? - - your smelling : ealts, - quiok I" she oried, as .Annie fell baok in hor chair, white as a ghost, v -and without sen?Q or ? i . - ! In the utmost distriss? of mind, the two vlsten rang a bell for a eomnt maid to \- assist- them in carrying the fainting girl up-. ftalrn, where they''hurriedly undressed >her, and laid her in'her bed,'on whioh she-lay, ' eold and white, like one dead. I They chafed her chilled hands', they put bcttlO? of hot'water t6 her feetj-but all with'-; ? \ out the least effeok, They would have-to send cfMor a dootor. they thonght. ' ; " Let ns try to make her awaUow; a; few ; drops of yoor exaellont cordial," proposed : Bertba; " jrott know it always ' does 'me gOOd." | ~ < \- Aoaordingly, the oordial wag produced, and, ' the giil being raised a little, tbey administered. :to her a wine-glass halt fattoli\i' - Presently Annie opened laor eye? in a bewildered : manner, and stared around her. "I donY understand where I am," she . nil, with;? shndder. '|,Oh I how cold was the water 1 How deep 1" "Do yon mark that J" whispered' Hiss XHrington to Berths. " ! ? : ; ' "Ob, Celandine; brave Celandine, Jiold me \- fast 1 Don't, don't loose your hold of mo l \- Don't let the' brael eiUrent bear mo : away , from life to eternity I" rcemned Annie, wildly clinging to Bertha. ,l Bir George, yod have broken my heart by thug forsaking me. I heax your laugh, your wioked laugh, and my .v??m are siting, my tenses wrang by Us harsh ?onnd I : Mercy,- Heaven 1 .Celandine, Celan ? dine, I sink, X drown, I die 1 Save me, save me, gave me 1" : And, after rolling about the bed in a frantio manner for a few moments, U>* nnbappy giil lay still and utterly ex : |uuutadi ... ? 'j^-M "Wo bad better'nofr qnoetionihor," Mies Efrington H &id;, aside, to Berth# ;?' by doing . bo we should very likely only excite her tbe moio. l oanuot understand the meaning of her words at oil. Xiy Celatjiiino f?hG ixjf&np; that person at Averarde, but' the rent I ?m fairly at a loss to eompiche&d;," she added, shaking iwr head. " It's a. mystery," Bniffed Bortha, in low acoents—"a mystery .whioh .I- Bhould very muoh iiko to have solved." ? : ' , "Soalsoshouldl,"returnedAgatha. "I'll warrant, could wo. bnt get at the bottom of thi* business, we should find that horrid . porspn there. She ia a a firebrand; , by some : means; or other sue has rained out ; ohild'a happiness, and driven her out ot her wits! . Bee kerwhoroshe lies with working fingora and wandering eyes!" " It's #11 just as I expected it would be," grumbled Bertha. " She has contaminated our dear child, and brought her to some sort of grief." ? , Hnsb. Oolaridins, hash !?' resumed Annia; entreatingly. < "Don't say a word to tbom about ?me Agatha and Bertha would never forgiyo me I '. Celandine, you are my friend; I lave yon, for you are sensible and good— oh, how good 1" " Good! I'm not of that opinion/' ex. i claimed Miss Elrington, with a groan. -j i \- "Neither am I," unified Bertha, spasmodi cally. ? " She seems to have bewitched the ohild," zosumed Agatha. ; " Absolutely so; driven her demented, poor dear."- . < , " But only for a time,' I tru?t, Agatha; Do you think she hau been in the river ? I do, else, how oamo her garments, all ot thorn, so wetf" ''.Heaven knows I *But we mast not qaea tiou her on the sobjoot.?< We must- be patient, and lot: tho-mystery unravel itself;:aa l daresay it will do by-and-bye.' In the mean time, we must, do oil; we can in order to reoover this ohild, and briug her hack to her normal oonditicn of mind." ' r Yes,: yes, Agatha j X understand ji you are bo prudent, so wise. . What would that ohild, or I, possibly do. without your guidance, without your sisterly love ?;; Give me a ctiny drop, just; # thimbleful, of / your; delioious cherry will you^tdear? : I feel qaite upaat with, these agitating andean soaroely , support-. myself. You ? are truly wonderful ;:;yga must have nerves of iron tp bear up as you do under the mo?t distressing. oironm?tanoes. How I envy you 1 But we are not ail made alike. No, no; some of us .are strong,' and others are, woak. Well, I am weak—weak as-, water, goodness help me J" she oonoluded, foolishly; . .",Huah I. she has dropped into a dozol" " The eombing efleota of your cborry cordial, dear Agatha.- Give mo-u little of it, or I shall die on tho spot*.dear Bertha 1" CHAPTER IX. .Wninnst now procood to explain matters to tliereador, whom wo can no longorleava in tho dark. , When Anniequitted her home, it was. lor. the purpose pi mooting Sir George Stunners, as shohad often done before, in tho plantation. Bat on thia. oooasion it waa to elope with 'him,"according to a promise ho had wrung from her tho previous day. She was to'leave with him to to married imme diately in London. Pretendinghe had some important bnsinc?a oalling him away, tho baronot took" leavo of i.Noel Ellington and bis wife this morning, allowing lumsoif to be driven to the railway elation in one of his host's oarriagos, where, alighting, and seeing it drive away, he im mediately entored ally and drove back in the direotion of Blrington plantation: He leant baok in. the vebiole with his travelling o&p; drawn far ovor his eyes, and with a pooket handkerobief held olose to his lues, in order j that he might not be roeogaisud Bhould he be mot by any one of the' servants' belonging to Averarde. Bat there bad been a certain something in the manner of Sir Georga Staanero when he ported from lier husband and horself that had aroused ; a Buspicion in the mind of Celandine that he wa? bent on some sort of dishonourable enterprise likely to disturb ?the domestic peace' of her hasbaud, and of the family oirole at KlringtonHouae. She said not a word to anyone, bat, hastily equipping herself in walking oostume, secretly stole out of'the house,'and horriedly sought tbo nearest road to Blrington. She under stood nothing at What she was about to do; she only bolieved that she was about to avert some wieked ini?ohief ; and, bo im presaedi'she'hurried onwards until she nearly reached a stile; over whioh she beheld a man spring with elasticity,. That man was Sir George Stunners. He had not observed her. He disappeared through the trees-;' but Celandine was behind him, on his track, silently pressing along. At length a feminine voice was and Oolandino saw Annie burst from a leafy covert, dash forward, and ru?h' into the, open arms'' of ? tho baronot, whilst. Celandine crouohod ? behind spine bashes near.enough to see and hear all that passed. . ' " My darling girl, I was almost. afraid you would fail heart, and bo disappoint mo 1" the baronet cried, enfolding Annie close ' to' his' breast* ' : \V . ' ? " Yoa -will not deceive me, George j to , mgrrow yoa will take me to church and put wedding ring upon my finger ?" ; "I will, Annie dear; I-swear to you I will," he retorned, with earnestness. ;" Then J will, trust yoa, George; though ' why you oould not have.oonfided in Noeli or Bought my two elder sisters, and so . spared me the commission of an act of deceit each as I Mash to think .of oven, I cannot imagine—" J ' "My darling girl," have I hot told yoa over and ovor again that your brother,' his mind prejadioed by his wifo, has taken a great aversion to me i Then, pardon me for what I am aboat to add. ' Yonr two ei?ters axe, as yon tell me, already against me. lam betet on all ?idea by opposition, so l deem it best to carry yon oft as i have arranged, and marry yoa to-morrow morning up in London. You mast not troablo me any farther on this pointyou really mastn6t, dear. >. Ido not like to act deceitfully any more than you do, but there are times ii) one's life when' one cannot altogether aet exaetty as one could wish to do. You understand me, love t" I "No, hot i 'quitei""Bha answered; frankly. "I wish I oonld;'do 'bo. ;I should' feel so mnoh happier if we were—" *' Hash, little Botmonieer!'' ha interrupted, playfully. " Now, yon really,must be good, and' .trust me without farther questioning. Now, promise that yon will' tease, me no more on this Bubjeot.' :v :'', '\ v I promise—-,l promise replied. ' Ho glsnoed at his, watch before he spoke again.' "We haveno timp to logo;" he observed; hastily. ! ?? I have a fly waiting lor 'us at the comer of the road. We ought to be at the station in less than a, quarter of an hour henoe." ? : ? ?' ??"I am ready, George," Annie said, tear fally, and loohiog confidingly intothe eyea ot her companion as she spoke. ?. r Then ? let /ua away at once,", the baronet said, drawing Annie's arm through, his, and making an advancing step. Bnt only one made .ho befote he nttered an eiolsmation, and stood like one suddenly paralysed with terror. Mrs.'Elrington was standing in front of the pair, her,fine figoto drawn" ereot, her handsome features wearing on expression of deoislon. Annio olnog to the baronet's arm in alarm and shame, and hid her face npon ? hie B&onlder.; c.'-: ? [Tobe continued* ??? - 