AN INTERESTING CASE. A singular case, illustrating a phase of hush life, was heard at the civil sittings of tho last Circuit Court at Deniliquin. It was an action brought by some tank sinkers, Chose and another, against the station-holders, Messrs Brown, Oakden and Co., to recover the difference lietwe -n Is 3d and Is 6d per square yard of ex cavation of a tank constructed by plain tiffs on defendants' station. The case on the face of it appeared to be perfectly plain, and from remarks made before the trial the defendants had not a ghost of a chance of winning. The case for the plaintiffs was that they had con tracted and agreed to construct the tank in question, contents 10,000 yards, at Is 6d per square yard; and that they per formed the work to the satisfaction of the defendants. The plaintiffs—for whom Mr Townsend M'Dermott, of Melbourne, appeared — also produced a written agreement stating that the price was to be Is 6d per square yard. Mr G. B. Simpson, who was in structed by Mr Heed, of Hay, for the de fendants, made a clever and successful de fence, and proved that, though the plain tiffs held a written agreement, the agreement was not made in good faith, andwas,infact,amistakesofaraslhe words one shilling and sixpence were concerned, and that it should have been tc one shilling and threepence." The original agreement, which was read to the plaintiffs, contained the words " one shilling and threepence," and in copying the duplicate the mistake must have occurred. In proof of this Mr Simpson called two witnesses, neighbor ing squatters, who had made similar con tracts for dam sinking, and had borrowed from, the defendants the agreement to take pattern by. They distinctly re membered'that the price was Is 3d, and in fact tins was the ruling price in the dis trict. The defendants, however, were challenged to produce this agreement, but they could not do so because it had been stolen from the bouse dur ing their absence in Melbourne. The drawers had been hurst open, and though a diamond pin was amongst the papers, this identical paper alone was missiug. The cook, who was in the house at the time, was not called to give evidence, but defendants, who were working about a mile and a-lialf distant, were shown that the drawers had been broken open. The case was put to the jury in a capital manner, and resulted in a verdict for de fendants. The plaintiffs were much cha grinned, and learnt for the first time that a written agreement is not always binding. 