? THE OPERA. " GIEOFLEGIROFLA." On Saturday night Lecocq's sparkling operabouffe " Girofle-Girofla" was presented to a large audience. In the dress circle as well as in the pit and the gallery there was a good attendance, and deservedly so, inasmuch as the opera passed off remarkably well from first to last. There were none of the hitches in the scenic part of the performance which unfortunately occurred on the previous night, and besides this every one of the performers seemed to be thoroughly well up in their parts. Albeit the principal part in the opera is the dual_ role of Girofle-Girofla, which was most admirably rendered by Madame Rose Hersea still there is little to choose between this and sev< ral of the other parts in the piece. Thus, while Mr. Armes Beaumont as Marischino acquitted himself remarkably well, and Mr. C. H. Templeton, as the famed Mourzook, the Moorish chieftain with a fearful repertoire of harmless adjurations, acted admirably, many of the subordinate parts in the play wt re remarkably well played. In the foremost rank of these must be placed Pedro, as played by Miss E. A. Lambert. There was a natural sprigbtliness and verve in the iranner in wbich this part was played—although it is by no means a striking one—that made it take remarkably well, and evidently pleased the audience immensely. For one of her songs Miss Lambert was long and loudly applauded, and was compelled to sing it over again. As Don Bolero Mr. H. Yernon, too, made himself Tery popular. If there was not much in the singing ine for him to do there was plenty of opening in the way of comic acting, of which he did not fail to avail himself. Messrs. G. A. Johnstau, Arthur Farley, and W. Johnson likewise acquitted themselves well of the subordinate parts allotted to them as the three cousins who take part in the marriage festivities of the two husbands. Miss Harris, too, played the part of Psquita remarkably well, although some hesitation was evinced by her at first. This, however, is a very pardonable failing, and one which will easily be got rid of in time. To revert to the chief performers in the play, mention deserves to be made of Aurora as played by Mrs. J. H. Fox. Although her voice is not always pleasing to the listeners, still Mrs. Fox made the very best of her part, and played the serio-comic parts of it with great effect. Of Madame Rose Hers6e in the principal part in the piece it is scarcely necessary for us to say more than that it was taken with the usual sprigbtliness which distinguishes parts of this kind when played by this lady. Her acting, too, was very natural, and won for her deserved applause. Mr. Armes Beaumont's splendid voice was heard to good effect in the part of Marischino, while Mr. H. Vernon was, as we have already stated, intensely amusing as Don Bolero. On the whole the performance was decidedly a success. This evening the same opera is to be repeated. Town HALL POPCLAE CONCEETS.—Herr Otto Stange's concert, under the auspices of the Mayor and the City Council, took place on Saturday night in the Town Hall. So far as the entertainment itself was concerned it was very successful, but the attendance was not so large as could have been wished. No doubt many persons were deterred from venturing out by the inclement state of the weather, for an attractive programme was drawn up, and the aaroes of some of the performers were of themselves a guarantee that a treat was in store. Mr. W. R. Pybus played with masterly execution two soli on the grand organ—the overture from Rossini's " L'ltaliana ib Algieri," a difficult piece and seldom performed in Adelaide, andHall's " Grand March." The German element predominated in the singing, several choruses being given by the Fidelitas Society — Helm's " Fuer die Freiheit," Marschner's " Freiheit," Mangold's " Mein liebster Aufenthalt," and the Soldiers' Chorus" from " Faust." These were all rendered with remarkable steadiness and praiseworthy taste and expression. Without question the proficiency to which the Fidelitas Society have attained is in a large measure due to the skill and unwearied efforts cf their conductor, Herr Stange. The audience did not stint their applause of each performance by the Society, and insistedj on the repetition of the " Soldiers' Chorus," which was excellently suDg. Gortzer Schulz's bass solo with chorus, entitled " Auf der Wacht," was also eixen by Mr. Niesche and members of the Fidelitas; and later oil the same composer's tenoi BOIO, with chorus, " Scbluram 13 MAIN Lieb," was sung by Mr. R. Menz and the Society. In both instances no inconsiderable success was achieved, especially in regard to tbe former. The most pleasing feature of the concert was the singing of Miss Minna Fischer. At all times her appearance is warmly welcomed, but on no former occasion has she so richly deserved the encomiums of her numerous admirers. She was in capital voice, and just in the mood for rising it effectively, as was shown by her rendering of the aria "Und ob die Wolke sie verhtille," from " Der Freischiitz." This so captivated the audience that they recalled here, and she then sang " Scenes that are brightest." Miss Vandepeer gave Gabriel's beautiful contralto song, "Sad heart, O take thy rest," Mr. PybHS playing an obbligato on the organ which greatly heightened the effect. Her singing was encored, and she responded by giving the well-known ballad " The bonnie hills of Scotland." Miss Vandepeer and Miss Fischer subsequently sang Wallace's duet "Sainted Mother," and its repetition was clamorously demanded. The only other conspicuous item on tbe vocal part of the entertainment was the performance of the quintette in the second act of Flotow's "Martha" by Misses Taenber and Vandepeer, and Messrs. Menz, Taenber, and Niesche. It was fairly well sung, but would have gone better it it had been rehearsed oftener than the performers appeared to have done. The voices were not sufficiently balanced, and there was a tendency on the part of one or two of the singers to " go alone." Mr. Greenfield, an amateur violinist, delighted the audience by his playing of Spohr's " Barcarolle," and Schumann's " Slumber Song" for the violin. His bowing was quite professional, and tbe accuracy and delicacy of the tones he brought out took every one who had not previously heard him by surprise. The performance was loudly encored, and he responded by playing Tyroler'a expressive little ballad, " Heimweh." He afterwards played a fantasia on themes from " Lucia di Lammermoor," which was also encored, when he gave a most pathetic rendering of " Poor Old Joe." Regarding the concert as a whole, the director, Herr Stange, is to be complimented for having provided so enjoyable an affair. ALBERT TTATX GERMAN CLUB.—The Black Diamond Minstrels will give an entertainment in the Albert Hall this evening, the proceeds of which are to be devoted towards the building fnnd of the hall. LEWIS RELIEF FUMD.—Mr. Crocker Smith's concert on behalf of this fund realized between £28 and £29 net. PHOFESSOB PEPPER'S GHOST ENTERTAINMENT. —Sensation lovers again assembled in large nnmbers at Garner's Theatre on Saturday night to witness Professor Pepper's ghostly apparitions. There was a change of programme, and the entertainment taken altogether was if anything better than any of its predecessors. Many of the ghostly visitants were highly £amusing, and the shadow pantomime was intensely comical, eliciting roars of laughter. Not the least enjoyable part of the entertainment was tbe exhibition of a number of dioramic views illustrative of " a walk through London." These pictures are very faithful representations of the bnildings of London, and are magnified and thrown on the screen with admirable distinctness. The entertainment will be repeated to-night, and the Professor, we understand, will give popular'lectures on astronomy to children on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday next. 