THE INCEEASE OF RUSSO-PHOBIA. THE German Government has allowed its Press to state demi-officially that the recent agreement between Germany and Austria has been reduced to writing, and that although strictly defensive in object, some of the clauses in the protocol appeared so inimical to Russia, or so calculated to excite Russian suscepti- bilities, that the German Emperor hesitated to sign the paper. He did, however, at last sign it. At the same time, Lord Salisbury delivers a speech full of menace against Russia; fresh preparations are made for strengthening India against her; and newspapers in the confidence of the Ministry talk of the tremendous danger hanging over civilisation from Russian action. It is full time, therefore, for moderate men to ask themselves what all this means, and why half the world should be banding itself to re- sist Russian aggression. Why is Russophobia just now so accentuated that Mr. Urquhart, were he alive, might boast that the first kings and diplomatists in Europe are among his disciples? What has Russia done or gained within the last ten years, that she should be dreaded with so sharp a terror? She has hot overthrown a great kingdom, or fined a country in three years' revenue, or discovered a new weapon, or displayed military power entirely beyond previous calculation. Germany has done those things, but Russia has not. On the contrary, she has shown that it was difficult for her, owing to inherent faults in her orgitnisa- tion and her Government, to defeat a barbarous and declining State like Turkey, to disperse soldiers not more numerous than her own and much less trained, and to traverse provinces in which two-thirds of the population heartily sympathised with her objects. There was nothing whatever in the Turkish war to induce Europe to believe that Russian troops were specially formidable, or that the Czars had changed their army from a few corps d'elite, backed by a numerous and brave, but not mobile Militia, into a homogeneous army of the German type. As a result of the war, Russia acquired a slice of Armenia, which, as yet, will yield neither revenue nor soldiers ; and an influence in the Balkan pen- insula, which has already been transferred to Austria. So far from being nearer Constanti- nople, she is farther off, for the States of the Balkan are strong enough, if they please, to resist her, and independent enough to seek protectors whose interests are not hers. In Europe, she is at least three times as weak as she was in 1869, for Germany has arisen in the interval ; and in Asia she has acquired nothing except some deserts occupied by hostile Mussul- mans, and the bitter hatred of the fighting Turcoman tribes. She has probably even lost, for Kuldja was worth more than the province she has acquired, and in surrendering Kuldja she gave notice to all Central Asia that China was her enemy. Indeed, according to English Tories, she has lost more than this, for she has provoked Great Britain to an action which ended in India acquiring a scientific frontier, an unas- sailable boundary, behind which, according to the Times, the huge peninsula "has become an island." During the ten years, her army has become more costly ; her treasury, as the Pall Mall Gazette declares every week, has been, ren- dered bankrupt; the spirit of revolution has spread till no Russian statesman is safe, and Nihilists dictate terms to Generals ; and her Sovereign has sunk into a kind of hypochon- driac despair. Where, in all this, is the increase of strength which should make first-class Powers tremble in their shoes, and induce statesmen to form wild ideas of tripartite alliances, in which England, with her handful of soldiers, is to guarantee Austria, while isolat- ing France, and all the rest of the dreamy, but dangerous devices of the hour ? We have no love for Russia whatever, except when her people, driven by an impulse higher than their Court, expend themselves in the effort to liberate South- Eastern Europe from Asiatic domination and give the Christians of the East a respite from torture and humilia- tion. We believe her political organisation to be bad, her upper class corrupted, and her people still steeped in ignorance as great as that of our own rural labourers. Wo can con- ceive circumstances under which it would be the duty of all Europe to resist an aggressive movement from Russia, — a march forward such as that which, with Austrian and German help, absorbed Poland. But this elevation of Russia into a sort of dark Genius or Afreet, full of diabolical intent and of supernatural power, fills us, we confess, not only with disgust, but with doubt whether even statesmen can be trusted, when once their passions or their fears are fairly aroused. Here is an alliance completed which isolates France, the right arm of Western Europe, and Lord Salisbury, pitching away the entente cardiale as of no importance, applauds it, because it may annoy and humiliate Russia. And here is England, in defiance of the most common morality, wasting her children and her treasure in an effort to conquer independent clans on a plateau in Central Asia, which she does not intend to keep, lest, perchance, Russia should at some future period acquire an influence there. Let her acquire influence. Our Empire in India will not be shaken by that, any more than German influence in Prussian Poland is shaken by Warsaw ; or, if it is, we can fight Russia, without wandering so far from our base that the more march of the troops to their fighting-ground cost more men and money than the rest of the campaign. The Russians, according to lying rumour, " have taken Merv," and all England is in commotion. Why? Because Merv is only 400 miles from Candabar and 600 miles from India. Well, how many miles is Russia from Berlin ? The strength of States, the possibilities of conquest, are not measured by these absurd calcula- tions of distance, but by their advancing-. and resisting power ; and the advancing power of Russia is not increased, or the resisting power of India diminished, because Russia has another few hundred miles of desert to garrison and defend. Let her attack India at the Sulei- man, and half her army will perish merely in getting there, every mile, that we advance being so much diminution of her toil and expenditure. One would think, to read the journals of to- day, that Russia could, with one hand strike down Prince Bismarck, and with the other fling Lord Lytton into the sea. It is a spectre Europe is raising for itself, and then trying to keep out by raising substantial fortifications. It is really not too much to say that the whole Teutonic race on this side of the Atlantic is at this moment expending half its energy and a third of its surplus earnings, in order, not to lay a ghost, but to wall one in; — Spectator. \--------------------------------------------------------------- ' Bohehian,' in. The Weik', writes : — Mentioning aldermen reminds me of ' the Town Hall clook. 'That clock is, not to put too fine a point on it, a deliberate fraud; a de lusion and a snare — as tho saying is. I havo, in my time, met with several peoplo who were prepared at a moment's notice1 to awear by their wafcheB, but outBido the Municipal Conn- ' oil I never'met with any ono who was ' game' to back the Town Hall clock. Aldermon will do it in a reckless devil-rnay-caresort of faBhion, taking tho stakesif they win, and repudiatingthe bet if they lose — but nobody elBO haB any con fidence in that clook. The only instance, of which I ever know or heard of an ' outsider ' who took his time of day by tho Town Hall clock was a melancholy one. The man gave his watch away at last, and died a raving maniac in Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum. Ono can never tell what the' time ib by that olook. SometimeB it )B half an hour and twenty minutos too Blow, and at othor timea it is that much too fast or some indefinite and uncertain figure between tho two extroraos. My own private opinion is that the Town Hall clock is the roal cause of the aldermon making such blunders as they dp at times. How is it possible for a man who implicitly beliovoB in tho Town Hall clook to regulate hiB conduct in accordance with tho rule of right? How can an aldqrmun who abjures sundials, and is prepared to swear by the Town Hall olock, be expected to have rational ideas on the paving question, for instance P What sympathy oan ho havo with my old friend Robert Cribb, or how can ho understand and appreciate at their true va'uo tho unanswerable arguments of Brookes P My own private opinion is that tho municipal difliculty has nevor boon dearly understood, because tho Town Hall clook wub never tukon into account. ThiB, depend upon it, is the ' disturbing influence ' whioh, when akon into account, will explain all the anoma lies in the conduct of our City Fathers. 