ACCURACY IN USE OF WORDS. In his account of the manner in which Bishops Selwyn.and Patfceaon commenced their mission work in Melanesia, the Rev. R. H. Codrington made some remarks which might well be laid to heart by all who are endeavouring to teach religious truth, even when nofc weighted with the disadvantage of having strangers and foreigners, or, to use an old phrase, 'outlandish . people,' for their pupils. Mr. Codrington was explaining the immense difficulty which the above-mentioned Bishops experienced in finding out what the people were thinking about, and Avhether the meaning con veyed to' their minds by certain words was the same as that which the missionaries supposed those words to convey. He gave, as illustrations, the facts that, long after the Bishops had endeavoured to teach the truth that 'God is a Spirit,' they found that the meaning conveyed to the minds of the natives was 'God is a ghost,' ' a dead man.' Again, when trying to convey to them an idea of the soul surviving the body, they found that what the natives understood was that, although 'the body would perish completely soon after life was extinct, yet 'the shadow' which they could see on the ground or on the Avail, and the reflection of one's face or person which they could see in the water, would exist for ever and ever. While mentioning these interesting facts, Mr. Codrington sppke also of the danger of people using conventional phrases (picking up words or expressions which they heard the Missionaries using) and saying — 'Me Christian,' 'Me Mis sionary Man,' because they were able to utter these words and phrases rather glibly. While listening to these remarks, we could not help thinking that they do not apply to the Heathen only. We fear that among ourselves it is often assumed that children, and grown people too, know a great deal that they are utterly ignorant of ; and that thus, for want of a sound sub stratum, much of the teaching that is attempted to be given is conveyed in such a way as to be utterly unintelligible to the scholars ; and thus from the commencement unreality and conventionalism in religious matters are rendered almost inevitable. Accuracy in the use of words is of far more importance than many people seem to think ; and by religious teachers it should be deemed a religious duty to inculcate such accuracy, by taking care to understand themselves the true meaning of the words and phrases they employ, and also by ascertaining what meaning, if any, such words and phrases convey to the minds of their pupils. 