Archbishop Vaugiian at St. James's. The now Roman Cstnolro sohoois Is oonneoticro with St. James's, Forest Iiodare, wen opened yoBtnrday af tornoon by Arohbisbop TAUffbAD, 'ho was presented with tbe following address from tha laity of the parish i — ''To His GTaoetneUost Bov. H. B. Vaujbsn, Aroh biBhoD of Sydney and MetropoHtan. 'At -i time when tbe enemim of our holytaitb ere ooDfeseedly using every endeavour to corrupt tho faith and morals of Catholic children, aad to oon vinoo the world that they do so with the tooit appro Tal of tho Uktholio laity of New Sonth Wales, we, the Catholic laity retridinfrin the parish of St. iames's, j ronpcotfutly spproaohyonrGnMe to oonfratnlateyon upon the completion of a school to whioh we can oon soientionsly send onr enlldroa. 'Althongh wo are able to pirns anoooaraio esti mate on tbo value of tbe threats and'abnne of baffled T-flliMpffLTiM_ '3O+. wo Aes.rti%nt. Vinf. mrmnnfliian with VOTIl* Grsoe in the anxiety with whioh xeoont «Tents mnst tavo filled your heart. Trustins that God Almighty will strengthen your Grace and yonr devoted ohll dven in onr endeavours to ' render unto Orasar the things that are Ctossi'a, nndnnto God tho things that ar« God's,' wo have .the honour to enbgoribe oar selT«g yonr Grace's united ohildwn in Christ. ' Sipied on behalf of tb.9 p»rUh of St. James's, Forest lodge.' . Tho Archbishop's reply wo thus enmmarize* — THE PEOaBESS HADE. There is always a pleasure in battling in a (rood cause, and if I do get a few knocks and blows I daro say I know how to give a few book again in a friendly way. I do sot think any man onght to enter into any kind of-oontest who does-not know how — as I was told when I learnt to defend myself us a boy— to take punishment kindjy. WeU, we have progressed steadily with tbcBe handsome schools from the day the foundation-stone wag laid tfll this day. when the whole thingia substantially prepared for oarryinpmit ;hc object for whioh it has been built. I think we nave also made Gome progress with the Education question, — X me&n; we have laid down the lines of Catholio teaching in the joint pastoral .letter, and upon those line& we tare worked, and shull continue to work to tbe end. I look npon that document— we all look npon it — as a guide, teaching us how Catholio ednoation is to be oondnoted in the fntnre. Then- we have, in a vree.t measnro, cleared tbe pnblio schools of Oatholio 'children { and, as time gooB on those schools will be still more clear oE them. Next th» Cafcbolio spirit i« thoronghly Moused ; and even thoee wbo had their fears at first lest, asthey say at sea, I was oarryine too much sail, are now thoroughly convinced thatthe right thisghas been done, and thatit required a good sasJdner to ronee some people np to a sense of the danger of soonlarist education to tho Catholio faith of tbo future, I io not, believe that the CathoUo body has ever been more thoroughly in earnest than it is at present. Tho whole question of seouluist education in its relation to Catbolio children hag been aesidn onsly ventilatod ; and we know now, onoo and for ever, what onr bounder, duty is. We have, in one word, saved the faith, and we have done «o at a very email orponse, compared with the inestimable trea snre we have secured. We have lost onr fair and honest share of State-aid for onr mhools — at least, for some time to oome — but we have preserved onr religion. We wonld. 10,000 times prefer to be de prived of our money and keep the faith than gradually to toss tbe faith and pocket tbe mosey. THB ANGLICAH CHUECH. I look upon this dead weight of what I may call Protestant pnblio opinion against ns as a great diffi culty, and one we should understand and face. Now I will proceed one step further. Look at the Angli oan Ohnrch. in this oolony. It is the largost and, I snpnose, the most powerful by far of all the Deno minations. This new Ednoation Bill strikes a far heavier blow at it tha& at ns. And this its leaders know ; and yet, han it not been Goffering from what doctors call ' general debility ' during this orisis we have beon passing through P How is it that the Anglioans have rjot mado any way in opposing tho pn.BBinB of tire Pmoiio Instruction Bill P Look here. The pnblio mind reasons, not like an educated philo sopher, bat in its own pcouhar way. 1 believe that this M debility ' prooeeds from a slight touch of what I may sail the Eoman fever. True, the head of that Church has periodically demounced the Catholio Chnroh, and anathematised it as a oonsoiontions duty, and X, on the other hane, mcke no disguise thai intolleoWllj I reirard the Anglican system as the roiudfo od olmmJum of all that is illogical and untenable. Still, how does tho pnblio mind reason?' It does not look to words muos, or professions, or logical conclusions, it looks at broad facte as they lie in its way, and are spread ont before its eye. It says, 'It is all very weU talktag, but what is a bishop with metropolitan ritloB, with cathedrals and canons and vicars-general and deaas and synod* and sasraments, and the rest { is not this something very llko 'Popery f la point of foot, the bead' of both these Churobes are tarred with tile same brnsb f In England some of the pareons say mass and go to confession.— who knows if some of thom do cot do the samo, on the-ely, here P' Tho pnblio mind h laolinod to look npon the Anglican Chnroh as 'Popery' mode easy, or ' Bomanlsm ' reduoed to a shadow. And as the British pnblio d* not like the look even of the ghost or shadow of ' Eomarrinm,' thoy come to the oonolusios that the boat thing is to do away (fradually — if it cannot be done Bpoedily — with both substanoo and shadpw. Of conrso, I may not read-the pmblio mind aright, tut I feel mnoh inclined to believe that I am not very far from tbe mark, and thatthe tendenoy is to do away with bishops and priests, and sacraments, and, in faot, with all tho machinery which is necessary for the existence of chnrohee organised on the hierarchical principle. Now, granted tilat this be the ease, how can these two Churches bo best got rid of P 6urely, by getting hold of the rising generation, and freeing thom as much as possible from the inflnenco of those two Churahes. I believe that this feeling in the pnblio mind is ono explanation of the1 strong 'bearing there is in favonr of pnblio schools. JEESONAI, FX2TY. But there is another cause at work. It (a showing itself over tbe whole Christian world, and it consists in tbo melting away of dogmatto faith, and, in conso -queues, of personal piety. Now 1st ns cone to the point. Take the rulers of onr various colonies. Take a Cabinet with Ministers— I take for granted. \ of course, that onr present Cabinet, that all the Ministers, go to obutoh twioe every Sun day—* but take the generality of ordinary Cabinets and Ministers, I shrewdly (mess that, take them as a body, they are far more like the buttresses of the ohurohes to whioh they are said to belong than like the pillars. Again, theie is another and a growing class, too, of well- dressed, xespeotable men who go to chnroh, but if, to uee a oolonial ex pression, yos ' stuck them up ' on ooming out, and .asked them if the three persons in the Trinity were, equal, or if Christ wore as muoh God aa the Al mighty Father, they wonld look at you as it yon were puEzliag them with a conundrum, or put you off as a refiner io theoiofry. And this is growing too— thjs dlsrepttd for dogsiatic truth, and the fundamental positions of the Christian soheme. two KmatrDADLB toes. rThna we bave, thon, two moat formidable foes, oombiood against as, namely, a profound innate dis like to onr religion, and a steady tendency towarda unbelief, and tbe mete life of the natansl man. I have reason to fear -that AugTioanlem will not be able to withstand the pressure of aseanl t for any great length of time, Ihopo it may be able to do 80. As to ontesivos, if eighteen hundred years of tho fumaoe bas not melted ont our life, ortouohed onr marrow. I do not believe that it will be likely to encoded nowv No now trials ot tormeiitu oonld be invented now that wo heve not triunphed over In days Bon& by. Ko tyrant oon arise now whom wo, or there who foltaw us, vOi cot oart away and bury. And what are we to do that wo may moat effeotaaUy meet these two great antagonists of ours, and subdue them? I will tell you. But first of afl I may remark that X tieliove that publio sohool edncaticrn of Pro testants will servo us In ttie lonff run. This method of formmg tiie future prodaoes meu and women without faith or dogmatic religion. The little of it that now exists will gradually melt away. The future generation will perhaps possess more eecnlar knowledge, greater breadth In one way, and more .indifference, or. as some would call it, less bigotry, than the present one. There will be a most startling oonfaast between CathoEofty and all otbor forms or «hados ot thoacht, and a reaction will set in which vfU, I believe, brine a large harvest to the chnroh. the f off through whioh onr.^ religion at present looms will, in a great measure, pass away, ssd people \ciU be drawn to stndy seriously the Catholio religion, -and then to embrace it. BTTOTISG TBS CATHOMO BElroTOJI. And thia brings tne to tbe most efleotnal w«y of .meeting the great pressure of prejudice which tella so much against ns. If you will take tbe trouble to. study tbeUstory of the -way in whioh so many per sons have beoome Oatbollcs In Bnrland you will find it bas been In oonseqnenoe ol studying the Catholic religion. The vast majority of our conrartB. are. irom the learned and highly ednoatod olasses M flooisty— those who have bein drawn towards tba Oatholio faith by reading and personal researoh. A -very large number were onoe clergymen of the Church of England, who had been trained to theolo gical and philosophical thought, aud wbo, having weighed the Oatholio system, ware compelled to abandon all they prind and loved martin this world, and to become Catholic*. Were it the t aot-*nd we iaow it is just tbe teverse-^ibat the learned, on «tndy ing the Oatbolio system, were invariabljr- TepeUed; from it, then onr ease would be indeed e-desperato one— but it Is not so{ those who join mjmvn dsdy such as have had the highest edneation, ano possess the capacity to judge tor themselves atUt mostoarefuland prayerful sorntiny. Therofore, 1 say, let ns do all we can to iodndo those who hare «o strong an objection to our religion to study it, to give it a fair hearing, and to welsh it in the equitable aiMtca a? ?*? nnnwiinAJAAi^ Annrnnl&tinn-; Onr CTeH difficulty consists in people refuting to see ns afl we aro, in their hnfrging their prejudices against as in stead of putting then on One side, and grupinfc the real merits of the oase. What bas -happened In England will, before long, I believe, happen here. People will begin to think for themselves, and, as «oon as they do that, the io» will be broken, °°^WJ shall havo many reoruits, who will in due time— as st home, as in America— bring others after thorn. GBOWTNO rJOjnrFEKBKCE ABP IimDEIJTT. Now how are we to meet the growing indlffereaoe nnd inBdelity of the day, which is at onoe caused by publio schools, aad is the cause of publio sohoolar In tbe first plaoo, I will sap this, that I bave always (?nnairlnrfil iinnnTnfmLtinnsl ttnlinftll. Anch aS thST an aow constituted nnder tho Oouncil of Education, to bo too flimsy to meet tho evil. To a strong pouoa. a strong antidote mutt bs applied. I think them should be a more thorough and solid religious educa tion given to tbo rising generation than they have been in the habit of receiving in denenunatoonal sobsols undet the Oonnoil. OE ooursa, wo have been, so far, with regard to these schools, » a great measure helpless. Tfe eooJd sot, it we wouK, interfere wrth the regulations of tho schools, our hands were tiod in a great many ware. I need not mention now. In three years wo shall sustain the loss of a large annnalenm of money. On the other hand, the eohoels will fall wholly owsoronr control. We shall thon beat liberty tooonvertthem into real machines for turning ont thorough Cathouo and Christian men and women. It will take a long timo before wn uli all ret all our schools into the hands of religious Orders. Possibly in some cases we shall fail. 6W, in the main, and on tho whole, if we ore thoronjrhly in earnest, and fully oppreoiato the paramount importonoo of the sohool question, wo shall be able to give a jnnch more fherongh Catholio and religions training to the young than ever they have received before. What, then, we «ball havo to do will be to make our schools thoroughly Catholic and thoroughly Christian, whilst steadily workmif towards payment by results, whioh must Inevitably como. CATHOLIC CHII/DUHN. Wo oannot Insist too earnestly or too frequently on tbo absolute necessity under which we lie1^ at whit ovor cost or sacrifice, of bringing up Catholiochildren thorough Cstholies. If othors— S tho BtatcrrBotB hold of them, they will grow tip like a great many statesmen wo know, without even a seintHla of reli gion in their constitution, asd will go to swoll^tnat growing olass in the community which holds* religion in contempt, and boostsof being fneln tho exercise if the faculties, free to think and speak, and not exactly as tboy like. Tbe very children before mo aro sufficiently intelligent and experienood to know tiiat this kind of license loads to auarohy and revolu tion, and that liberty, tempored by obedience and gronndsdin religion, is theonlysort of treedomwhichis worthy of rational Doings and of Christian men. And I thank them for their tonchiug address— thank them for thanking me for serving them, and stand ing np for them, for tbe genuine aCDroval of little ohildren has some things mare sweet in ft than even that, some times, of ^rown np people. But. I thank you one and all. and m thanking yon I em address ing tho whole Oathollo body of this colony. I thank them as Arohbisbop of this province for their tenly Catholio spirit, nnd for the fixed dotormlnaUsn they are showing that they will not suffer their Catholio ohOdron to be robbed of their Catholic faith. At the conclusion of his epeeoh tbe Archbishop earnestly appealed to tbe oongregatlon tx- lesson the debt on those sohools, and showed tbe example by giving £M himself towards that object A ooUootion was aftorwards made, and a sum amounting over .£300 was realised. 