; THE MYSTERY OP YALLEY. SASASSA f - -..'ii. A. SOUTH APSICAK STOBTl. . Do I know why Tom Bonahue is called "iiuoiy Tom?" Tes, I do, and that is more than ono in ton of those who call him so can say. i hard knocked about a deal an my time, -and seen some- strange sights^ hut none stranger, than the way-in which, sTom gamed that sobriquet and his fortune with it-, for I was .with. him. at-lhe time. Tell it ? Oh, certainly; hut it is a longish ;story, and;a svery .strange one; So fill up your glass again, and .light: another cigarj while I try to reel it off Tcb/, a very strange one—beatssome fairy stories I have heaid, hut-it's true, sir, every word of it There are ±aen alive at Cape Colony now: •wlio'il remember it, ana confiriri what-I say;-:Miny:a:time.lias'±li8 tEde :tieeii t<ild : round the fire in Boers', cabins from Orange iState to: Qnqualand;.: yes;-and out 'in the hush and at the diamond fields; too. I'm ronghiah now, sir, but I was entered at the .Middle Temple ones, and studied for the bar. Tom—woree luolt I—waE one of my ifeUow-students ; and.: a. wildish time we had , of it, nntil at laBt our finances ran short, and we were compelled to give up our so-called studies, and look about for some part of the woild were two young fellows with strong: •arms ana,soimd .constitutions might make their mark. In those days the tide of emi gration had scarcely begun (o set in toward Africa, and so we thought our best chance would be down at Cape Colonv. Well, to make a long story short—we set sail, ana .were fleposited in' Oape Town with iesB than £ve pounds in our pockets, and there we parted We each tried our hands at many things, and had ups and downs, hut when, at the end of three years chance led each of: us up-country nd we met again, we were, I regret to say, in almost a® bad a plight as 'when we -started^ Well, this was not muoh of a commencement:; and. very .disheartened we -were—so ^disheartened;that.:Tom;spoke of -going: hack sto England and getting a clorkBUip. • J?or .you see we didn't know that we had played oat all our .small cards, and that the trumps; were going to turn up No , we thought our " hands' were bad all through. It waB a' very lonely part of the country that we were an, innabitedby a fewscattered farmers, whose' houses were stockaded and fenced in to dfcfend them against the Osffres. Tom Donahue and I had a little hut right out m the bush, but we were known to possess nothing, and to be handy with our revolvers, so we lad Jittle to fear. There we waited, •doing, odd jobs, and hoping that somethiugi wouldturn Up. Well, after we had .been there about a month, something did turn up upon: a certain night—something which was the making of both of us; and it's about that: night, sir, that I'm going to tell yon I rememser it well. The wind was howling past our call in, and the ram threatened to burst in our mete window. We had a great: wood fire-crackling and -sputtering on the hearth, by whioh I toae sitting mending a' whip, While Tom was lying in his bunk, groaning >sc{isconsolatelyl$kt|the %hance.swhioh| had lea iio! to sacH'ja jplaoe.^ M Oheer <np, Tom, cheer up," saidX " No man-e er Jmows what-maj he awaibng him " " 111 luck, ill luok, Jack," he answered. "I^lways was an unlucky dog Here have 1 been three years in this abominable country, ,-and 1 see ladB fresh from England Jingling the money »n their pockets, tohile I am as poor-as -when J landed. Ah, Jack, if yon waat toteep yom Jiead above 1 water, old -frjendi.yon.muBt/iryyourlorttmeawayfrom me." "NonsenBB, Tom; y u'le-down on your Inckto night But, hark[ Here'-someone coming outside,,. Dick Wharton by the tread; he'll rouse jou i| any man can." and honest l)ick Wharton, yith the water pourmgjfrom him, stepped in, Jus heanty red face ^looming through the..haze like a harvest-moon He shook, himself, and after greeting ns, sat down by the fire to warmtjnmself. * r •"Whereaway, Dick, pnsncha-jiight as •Bus y" said I you'll &id; the rheumatism a worse ioe -than the Caffires, -unless you jkeejj'inore .regular hours 5 " ^J- ' 3D ck was looking un^ually serious, almost frightened, one wpifld say, if one did-not know the "man." % r Had to go/' he: replied—"had to go.,, .One of Madison a: catfe Wasnseen straying down -jSasa sa Valley, and of course none of our blacks v :Wonld;?g6;downr;.t&itAss;:ii'lpy at night: and if yre had waited till morjung, the'-brute: would have been in Caffraria" \- I "Why "w6tddn'±4hey down Sasassa" Yallejr ai nightl'^ked Tom. ; ^ " | "-Oafees", I^nppose," said 1. "Ghosb," said Dick.' We hoih laiighefl. r I suppose they aidn't give siush a -matter-ot-fact fellowas yona sight of their; charms said Tom, from the hunk. is "Yes," said Dick, seriously—"yes- I saw what the niggers talk about, and I ptomise-yon, Ms, I don't want ever to see it again." Tom .sat np in his hed. "Nonsense, Pic!, you're joking, man. Gome, tell us all about it The legend first, and your own experience afterwards. Pass him over the bottle, Jack." -"Well,as to,the legend,"began Dick, "it seems thai ihe niggers have had it : handed down to them that the Sasassa Valley is haunted by a frightful fiend.'. Hunters and wanderers passing down the defile have seen its glowing eyes under the shadows of the cliff, and the story goes that whoever has chanced to encounter that baleful glare has had his after life blighted "by the malignant power of this' creatine Whethei that be true or not, £ continued Dick, Tuejully,, "I may have an j^poriusujy-pf judging for myself.*" "Well, I was groping 'down -the vsflley, looking for that cow ot Madison's, and I had, I suppose, got half way down, where a- black, craggy chfF juts into the ravine oh. the right, when I halted to have a pull at my fla k. 1 had my eye fixed at the time upon the projecting eliff Ihave mentioned/ and noticed nothing unusual about it I then put up my flask and took a step or two forwaid, when in a moment there burst apparen%:trom:-the baseofthe rocki about eight feet from-Hie ground and a hundred yards from me, a strange lurid larc, flickering and oaeillating, graduaHy dying: awayjandthen.re-appearmgagain. lTo,: J10, I've seen many a glow-worm and firefly—nothing of that sort. There it was burning.away,-and i supposed gazed at it,, trembling in every limb, for fully" tea minuteB Then I took a step forward when mstautly.itvamshed—vanished like a cahdlei blown out. I stepped back again, out it was s„aie fame before I could find the 'exact spot and position, from which it waE, visible. At: last, there it was, the weird, reddish light, flickering away as before. Then I screwed op my courage,'and made for -.the rock; but the-ground was so uneven that it was impossible to steer straight; and though I-walked along the whole base Of tlie 0I1S, I could see nothing Then I made tracks for home; and I -can tell you, boyV,' that until yon remarked it, I never knew it was raining, the whole way along —But hallo! what s the matter with Tom?' - What indeed ? Tom was now, Bitting with his legs over the side ol the busk, and h'B •whole face betraying excitement so intense as. to be almost painful. " Tlie. fiend would have two eyes. How many lights did you see, Dick ? Speak out 1 " " Only one " "Hurrah!" cried Tom, "that's better.?'. Whereupon he kicked the hlankets'into the middle of the. room, and began-pacing up. and down with long feverish strides. Suddenly be stopped opposite Dick, and laid hi6 hand upon his shoulder. " I sayj Dick; conld we get to Sasassa Vallev before sunrise?" " Scarcely," said Dick. • "3yell, look here; wo are old. friends, 1 .Dick Wharton, you and A. Now don't you tell any other man what you have told us^ for a week. You'll promise that, won't you?" 1 could see .by-. the look onv Dick's face as-he .acquiesced that he considered poor Tom to be mad; and indeed I was myself completely mystified by his conduct. I had, however Been bo many proofs of ; my friend's good sense. and- quiokneee of apprehension lhati thought it quite possible that Wharton's story had had a meaning in his eyes which I was too obtuse to take in. All night Tom Donahuo was greatly excited, .and when. Wharton left, he begged him' to remember his-promiBe, and also elicited from him a description ot the exact spot at which heiad seen the apparition, as well aS the hour at which it appeared. After his departure,, whichimust have: beenabont'fouri m the morning, I: turned into, my bunk, and watched Tom sitting by the fire sphomg two sticks together, until I fell asleep; I suppose I must have slept about two hours, but when I awoke j Tom was still Bitting : working away m almost the. same position- He had ^Sxed the one stick acrosB the top of the other so as to form a rough "]", and was now huBV infitting a smaller. stiok:intorthe:;angIe hetween,them,. by manipulating whiohuthe, cross one could be either cocked np or depressed to any extent. He had cut notches; too, in the perpendioula* stick, so that, by Sthesaid;of the; small prop; -the cross" ! one could be kept in any poBition for an indefinite time. : : i."Ijodk here, Jack," ;,he cried, whenever he: saw that i v was awake. - '' Gome and give me -your opinion;' -5iSuppose I put this 'cross-stick'ipointii^. straight, at a thing, and. arranged this small rone so'as to keep ;it:S0, and left it; i could > find that thing again if I wanted it," don't you think C could, Jack—don't you think boj"' he continued, nervously, clutching me by the arm s. '' Well," I answered, it would depend: on how far off the thing was, and how accnrately it was pointed If it were any distance, I'd cut sights on youi croBs-stick; then a string tied to the end of it, and held in a plumb line £01 ward, would lead you pretty near what you wanted But surely, Tom, you don't intend to localise the ghost in that jraji" " You'll see to night old friend—yon'll see: to-night.: .i Plli carry: this to; the'SttsasBa Valley. Ton get the ioan of Mladison's ••-crow-bar, %nd come with me, hut mind youiell no jnan where " you aie going, or what yon want t for." AH day Tom wflswaltrng np and down the room, or wotlnng hard at the a paratus His eyes were glistening, his cheek: heclio, and he ha<l all the • sjmptomB ol' high lever. MHeaven^antrthatiDichU-diagnotohenotl correct!" 1 thought, as i"returned with the crow-haij'andyet.aBevenmgdrewnear,-! rfoand^'myBelf simperc^tibly >:shaimg ? they excitement. 4 About six o'clock Tom -sprang to his feet and seized his sticks. " I«an stand it no loEger, Jick," he cried, " up with your -crow-bar, and hey ior SaeaBBa Valley' Tonight's work, my lad, will either make us or mar ns Take your six shooter, in case we meet the Oaflres. I daren't "take mine, Jack," hejcontinued putting his hands on my shonlderB—" I-daren't take mine, ior if-my all iuok sticks to me to night, I don't know vriiat iTHight not t do J with it" Well/having filled our pockets with provisions, we set out, and as we took our wearisome'•wayi'towarisithevSasassasVaJleji'S 'I frequently -attempted to elicit from'myi; !Comptooifeson®^lufe;affi-'to , hM;iintShtionB?: Hut his only answer was: " Let ns hurry': on, Jack. "-Who knows how many have: .heard of Wharton's adventure by this'tune 1; Letns hurry on,-or we may not be'feet in -the field!"^ f~ ^ M Well, sir,-we struggled on through-the; hills for a matter of ten miles, toll at last| •after descending _a crag, we saw opening outjn front^of Ufa ravine so sombre,trad! dark that it .Might have been, the gate oh Hade^ itself; 0I1S5 jmSiny hundred f eetTiigh shut in on every-side the gloomy, boulderstndded passage which led throngh the haunted defile into Csficana. -The moon rising above the crags threw into strong relief the rough, irregular pinnacles of r-oei by which they were topped, while all below was dark aB Erebus. " The "Sasassa Valleyf" said I « "Yes," said Tom. * I looked at him. He was calm now; the flush and teverishness had passed away; his acfaons were deliberate and slow. Yet there was -a certain rigidity in his face and ghtter in his eye which showed that a crisis ; had come. We entered the pass, stumbling along-: amid the great boulders Suddenly I heard a short quick eiolamation-from Tom. " Thafs the cragJ" he cried, pointing to a great mass looming "before ns in the darkness "Sow Jack, for any favour use your eyes 1 We're about a hundred yards from that cliff, X take it, so yon move slowly towards one .side, -and Til do the same towards the other. When yon see anything stop, and caTl out. Don't take more than twelve inches in a step, and keep your eye fiied on the cliff about eight feet from the Tom hy-this feme What his intention or objeet was I could not conjecture, beyond that he wanted-to examine by daylight the part of the cliff from which the light came ret the influence .ol - the .romantic situation and of .my companion's suppressed .excite-: ment iwas eof, great, that' I could feel the blood coursing through my veins, and eonntithe pulses .throbbing at my temples. '." Start l!', on8d::Tom; and we moved off, he to the right, I to the left, each with our eyeB fixed intently on the base of the crag; I had moved perhapp twenty feet, when in; a moment it burst upon- me; Through; the growing darkness there shone a small ruddy glowing point, the light from which waned and increased,' flickered ;and oscillated,, each change produoing.a more weird effect than the last, The old Gafire jBuperstition voame into my mind, and I felt a oold shudder pass over me; - In my- excitement l stepped a pace backward, when instantly the light went out, leaving utter darkness in its place; but when I advanced again, there was the • ruddv glare glowing from the base of the. cliff. Tom!,Toml"I cried. Ay 1 ay!" I heard him exclaim, aB he hurried over towards me There it is—there, up against the clifE!" Tom was 1 at my elbow. " I see nothing;"!'; said he. Why, there, there, man, -in front of yon 1" I stepped to the right aB I spoke, when the light instantly vanished from my eve*. But from Tom's ejaculations of delight-it was clear that irom my former position it was visible to him also. : " Jaok," he cried, as he. turned and wiung- my hand—" Jack, yon and I can -never complam of our luck again. How heap up a few stones where we are standing. That's right. Now we must fix my sign-post firmly in at the top. There 1 It . would take a strong yind to blow that down, and we only need it . to hold out till morning. Oh, Jack, my boy, to think that only yesterday we were talking of beooming clerks, and you saying that no. man knew what was awaiting him, too 1 Hy Jove, JacTk, it would make a good story!" By this time we had firmly fixed the perpendicular Btick m between two large stones; and Tom' bent down and peered along the horizontal one. For fully a quarter of. an hour.he was alternately raiBing.and depressing it,until at last, with a sigh of satisfao-, hon, he fixed'the prop mto the angle, and: stood up. "Look along, Jack,'' Jie'-gaid. V You have -as straight an eye to take a sight as any man i know of " I looked along. There, beyond the further sight, was the ruddy eointillating spdck, apparently at. the end oi the stick itself, so accurately had it been adjusted. "And now, my bov," said Tom, " let's have some Bupper, and : a sleep. There's nothmg more to bB done to-night; but we'll need all our wits and strength to-morrow. Get some sticks, and kindle a fire here, and then we'll be able to keep an eye on our signal post, and see that nothing happens to it dunng~the night" -Well, .sir,: we kindled a fire, and had supper, with the Sasassa: demon's eye roll? ing and glowing in front of us the whole night through. Not always in tho same place, though; for after supper, - when ± glanced along the sights to have another loot at it, it was nowhere to be seen. The information; did nofc however, seem to disturb Tom in any: way. He merely , remarked : "It's the-moon, not the thing.' that has shifted ;'? and, coiling himself up, went to sleep. ^ By early dawn: we were both :np, and gazing along our pointer at the cliff; but we could make out nothing save the one dead; monotonous, slaty; surface, rougher; perhaps at the part we-were examining than elsewhere, but - otherwise .presenting" nothing remarkable. "Now .for your • idea. Jack," said Tom Donahue, unwinding a long, thin cord from: round his waist-r-You- fasten :it, -and guide me while I take the other end.": So saying, he walked off to the base of the cliff, holding one end of the cord, while I drew the other taut, and .wound it- round the middle of the horizontal stick, passing -it through the sight at > the end. : By this means I could direct Tom to the right or left, until we had our string stretch-? mg.; from' the pomt- of attachment,; through the.; sight,- and on; to the rock, whioh it etruok about eight feet tfrom the ground. Tom drew a chalk circle of about three feet diameter raand the , spot, and then called to me to come and j'oin him. "We're managed this buBineeB together, Jaok," he said, " and we'll find what we are to find, together." The cirole he had -drawn embraced a-part of herochsmoother than the: rest, save that about the centre there were > few rough protuberances or knobs. One of; these Tom pointed to with a ory of delight. It was a roughish, brownish mass about the Size of a man's closed list, and looking like a bit of dirty glass let into the wall of the clifi. « That's it," he cried—" that's it t" " That's what ?" " Why, man, a diamond, and such a one as there isn't a monarch m Europe but would envy Tom Donahue the possession of. Up with your crow bar, and we'll soon exercise the demon of Sasassa Valley!" I was so astounded that for a mometat I stood -speechless with Emprise, gazing at the treasure which had so unexpectedly fallen into our hands. Here, hand; me :the : crow-bar,". said Tom, " Mow, by using this little round knob which projects irom the cliff here, as -a fulcrum, we may be ahle to lever it off. Yes there it goe I never thought it could "have,some so «asily. Nowy Jaei, the sooner we get back to our hnt, and then down to Cape Town, the better." Wewrapped- upourteeaBure.and.ntade: our way across the dulls toward home On the way Tom told me how, while a law student an the Middle Temple, he had comeuponaduBtypampliletin.theiibraiy,: by one Jans van Hounym, whioh -told of i an experience very similar to 'ours, which had befallen that worthy Dutchman m :the:.lat}ier.:parti'OfthB;seventeenth.:«entuiy, and which resulted m -the discovery of a luminous diamond. This tale it was -whioh had % come into Tom's head as he listened to honest Bick Wharton's ghost story;' while the means which he had adopted te verify-hiB suppoaiion sprang from- his" own fertile Irwh brain. "We'll take it down to Cape Town," continued Tom, "and if we can't dispose of it with advantage there, it will be worth our while to ship for London with it. Let ns go along to Madison's first, though, he knows something of these things, and can perhaps give ns some dea of what we May consider a fair price for our treasure." We turned off from the track accordingly, before reaching our hut, and kept along the nawow path leading to Madison's farm. He was at lunch when we entered j and in a minute we were seated at each side rf-him;.enjoying South African hospitality. ''Well," he said, after the servants were gone, "what's in the.wind now? I see you have something to say to me. What is 1 tf" ^ ^ Tom produced his packet, and solemnly ' .untied thehandkerchiefs which enveloped it. "There J" he said, putting his crystal on the table; "what would you say .was a fan; pries v ior that ?" Madison took it up and examined it «riti- "in its crude state,gabout twelve shillings per ton." "Twelve shillings ened Tom, starting : to his feet. ." Don't yon sec what it is ?" "Bock-salt." "Bock fiddle!—a dsnmond." " Taste it," said Madison. Tom put it to. har hps, dashed it down with a dreadful exclamation, and rushed out of the room. I felt sad and disappointed enough myself; but presently remembering what Tom had said about the pistol, I too left the house, and mode for the hut, leaving Madison openmouthed with astonishment. -When I got in I found Tom lying in his bunk with hi« face to the wall, too diBspirited' apparently to anawer my consolations Anathematising Diok and Madison, the Sasassa demon, and. everything else, I strolled out of the hut; and refreshed myself with a pipe after our wearisome adventure. I was about .fifty yards away from the hut, when I heard issuing from it the sound which of all others I least ex- ^ f M ^ 1 " ^ ^ ^ be <® a groan or an oat h ' 1 s W d haTe taken lta a matter of course; but the sound which caused me to stop and take the pipe out of my month ; was a hearty roar of laughter 1 Next moment Tom emerged from the door, his whole face radiant with delight. " Game for another ten-mile walk, old fellow ?." ,.;•:•" What! for another lump of rock-salt, at twelve shillings a ton?" ,. " 'Ho .more of .that, Hal, an' you love me/" grinned Tom. "How, look : here, Jack., What blessedi fools we.are, to be so .floored by, a trifle ! "Just sit on this stump -for five iminutes,- :and I'll make it as clear as dayhght. You've seen many a,- lump of rock-salt stuck in -a crag,, and so have I, though we did make: such a mull of this one. Now, Jack, did any of the pieces yon have over- seen • shme .in the -darkness brighter than any fire-fly f" Well, I can't say they ever did." ; "I'd venture to prophesy that if we waited until night; which we won't do, we would see that light shll ghmmenng among the rocks Therefore, Jack, when we took away this worthless salt, we toot the wrong crystal. It is no very strange thing in these hills that a pieoe of rock-salt should be lying within -a foot of a diamond. It oaught our eyes, and we were excited, and so we made fools of ourselves, and left the real stone', behind. Depend - upon it, Jaok; the Sasassa' gem is lying within that magic circle of chalk upon the faoB of yonder clifi. .Come, old fellow, Ught your pipe and stow your, revolver, and we'll be off before that fellow Madison has time to put two and two together.'' X don't know that I was very sanguine this time. I had begun; in fact, to look upon the diamond as a most unmitigated nuisance. However, rather than throw a damper on Tom's expectations,' I' announced myself eager to start. What a Walk it was ! • Tom was.always a good mountameer, but his exoitsment seemed ;to lend him wings that day, while I sorambled along after .'him as best I could. When we got within half a mile he brok«'into.the " double,"' and never pulled np nnhl he /eaohed the round white cirole apon the chfl. Poor old Tom! when I came . iip .his mood had changed, and he was standing with >'hiB ' hands in his pockets, gazmg, vaoantly before him with a rueiul oonntenanse , " Iiook l" he said—" look !" and he pointed at the ;cliif.: .: Not 'a " sign , of .anything i£ the least resembling a diamond there. The cirole included nothing but flat;elate-coloured stone, with one large hole, , where we had ex-' tracted the/rock-salt; and-one or two smaller - depresBions.. Ho sign of the gem. " • " Pve been ovta every-ineh of it," said poor Tom. " it's not there. Some one has been' here • and sotioed the chalk, and' taken- it. Come home, Jaok; 1 feel Bick and tired. 5 Oh I had any man ever luck like mine 1" I turned to go, but took one last look at the cliff fir«t; Tom was-already tenpaoes off. " Hallo J" I: cried, ." don't you see-any change in that cirole smoe yesterday ?" ; , ''What,d'ye mean!" said Tom. • "Don't yon -miss a thing that was there : before'" " The rock-salt t" said Tom. " Ho; but the little round knob that we ? aeed ior.» fulorom. I snppoBe we must.have wrenched it oft in usmg the lever. Let's have a look at what it'a made of." Accordingly, at the loot of the cliff we SBarphedjabput among the loose stones. "Hera yon are, Jaok! We're done it si last! We're made men!" I turned round, and there was Tom radiant with dehght, and with a little corner of black rook mils hand. At first sight it seemed to he merely a chip Irom the ohff, but near the base there was projecting from it an obj'eot r which Tom was now.erultingly pointing out. It jooked;at first something like a ^ass eye - but there was a depth and brillianoy about it Buoh aB glaBB never \exhibited, ; There was no mistake this time; we had certainly got possession of a jewel of great value: and with light hearts e turned irom the valle bearing away with ub the fiend" which had £0 long reigned there. There, sir, I've spun my stoty out too long, and tired you, perhaps. Ion ee, when I get talking of those rough old dayg, I fend ol see the little cabin again, and the brook beside it, and the bush around, and seem to hearTom's honest voice onoe more.« There's httle for me to say now. We prpspsred on the gem Tom Donahue, as you know, hag: set up here, and is .well known about town. I have dons well, larming and ostriohraising m Africa. We set old Diok Wharton up in business, and he is one of our nearest neighbours, jlf you should ever be coming up. °ur way, sir, yon'll .not forget lo ask: for, Jaok TurnbuU—Jaok TtunbnU of SasaBua Por-Urs,-—Two eggs, well beaten; two tejcupfuls ot milk,andfionr enough to rn&ke; a thin battery flnt mix together the flour and milk iknoothly; just "when they are Jteady to go 'into the oven add the «mrs. beaten very light; fill earthen teacups hilf InU of -the battel, w Ih la smiaiHump of ' butter ton the " top i place Ue cups on a ' dripplng.pm Rna bike in a hbtr oVen. They : are to he eaten with hUtter and jsugar, oj «, 