THE OUBLIETTE. i- A. 8TOBY IF THREE CHAPTERS. Chapter I. ' September 1479.— Thesnn haqaettwo hours ego, and the gates. JoIJBlssEts les Tours had been closed 'for -the night. But a sudden and imperative summons in the Sing's name caused the draw bridge to be again lowered, and jibe portcullis raised to admit a military guard of the Royal Archers. That fact alone wonld have been sufficient to attest the high rank of the prisoner who rode in their midst, even withontthe accompanying . signs of rich dress and noble appearance. The Captain in command handed to the. governor of the fortress a warrant, of which the following is a translation : by -order of thk xing.. twb Locvaa, Paris, September 7, 1479. M. Lamarque, Governor of PleBais les Tonrs will be responsible for" the safe keeping of Claude d'Estrelles, otherwise Marquis of Clair-marias, until the further Dleasure of the King be known. Sur- veillance without rigour. Signed) Louis. Hie Captain of the Archers received from M. launarque a receipt averring that his duty was faithfully performed, took a courteous farewell of his prisoner, and then departed as rapidly as he came. Claude d'Estrelles stood for a moment listening silently to the rattle of the drawbridge chains, and the sharp ring of the horses' hoofs passing over' and dying away -in the distance ; then, with a scarcely perceptible sigh, he followed the governor in the direction indicated. One glance at Ms charge had been enough. M. Imnarque dismissed the warders, and spoke pleasantly to the young Marquis, whose mood certainly did not shew much reciprocity in the way of conversation. They crossed the courtyard, ascended some steps, and stopping before a door, heavily ironed it is true, M. Lamarque threw it open, and ushered his prisoner into a room — not a dungeon. A warder arrived with lights and wine ; other refreshment was proffered, and curtly refused ; then with a kindly "Good night,'' the governor departed. Claude heard the key turn in the massive lock, and clenched his hands fiercely as he strode np and down his ample chamber, digging at every turn his heel sharply into the floor, as thongh he thereby crashed some noxious reptile to death. When absolute weariness took possession of him, he sank into his couch, and eat there motionless, staring at the ground, Ms fair hair ruffled, his brows contracted, and in his deep blue eyes a look — a concentrated, look of. intense wrath and bate. It might have gone ill with his enemy, whoever he might" be, who had met him at that moment face to face. ' And as thought deepened, the Marquis's - hand- went- swiftly to his side to encounter only an empty dagger-sheath. It was not the custom to leave dangerous.steel playthings at' the service of Louis XL's captives. Claude had for the moment foigotten that fact, and grinding his teeth with an angry " Bah I" he threw himself back, and finally slept — slept well too, "as men often do in their worst extremity: The sunshine of a bright autumn morniDg awoke him, and with a certain philosophy wMch already made things look less gloomy than they had done come hours before, he inspected Ms new abode, and took to himself a certain consolation thereby ; for it was not so bad as it might have been. Not luxurious by any means ; bnt still nothing resembling those cells of Plessis les Tonrs, concerning wMch tales so grim and dreadful were extant. There was a certain amount of furniture. His sleeping- pallet was tolerably comfortable ; there were air and sunshine and Bpace. The window, strongly barred certainly, was low and broad, and the lattice of it opened inwards, admitting the fresh wind, the sounds of humanity, and the songs of the free birds. Free ! The Marqois d'Estrelles leaned against the casement and gazed over the fair fields of Touraine to where the rushing Loire sparkled in the sunshine. He thought of his stately home upon the banks of that same river ; of the broad lands that called Mm lord"; .oft he dead father and mother who had transmitted to him snch a noble heritage with their unstained name ; of the .. fair sister, to whom he gave, as yet, the only love of his heart — that sister of whom he was so prond, his only near tie on earth ; then, with darkening brow, of that day, that black day when Lonis, ont on a hunting expedition with his infamous favourites, had halted at the Chateau d'Estrelles, and Tristran's evil eyes had first fallen on the Lady Rdnde. And because he would not give that fair and noble sister in marriage to one who had been jnstiy termed the executioner of Puis— fie had refused with horror and mad words the insult— this was come upon him — this! And Btn€e in her lonely home ! Claude shook the .'iron bare in impotent fury. . Then with calming influence ..upon his' troubled spirit came the reflection : " He cannot take her by force.: HfnSe will know, how to guard herself. She is my ' father's daughter. And for me — ah well ! Ail is not ended yet." The gay French spirit was reasserting itself Soon camd the go vernor and breakfast. And M. Lamsrqne informed Me prisoner that within certain; : limits he was free to walk abont as he pleased. "I am rejoiced, M. le Marquis, to find that my instructions permit -me 'to treat -you with lenity and grant yqh "many privileges. And when you know that any infringe ments by yon of the' boundaries laid down will cause most '-unpleasant results, yon will, I am mire, spare -both yourself and me . « nnnyuns ty efiemg'anhmissivfe and patient. Mine" — here the worthy governor's voice altered — "mine is not an easy-not. a delightful task. < Do not jnake jt harder . for me, by getting your self into a worse plight" ' It will be seen that M. Lamarque was a kindly man ; and though a soldier and a faithful guardian of ."the fortress intrasted to him; still he -was made of BOfter-staff than -quite befitted- a servant of the merciless Louis, and the ruling powetnf such a place as Plessis les Tours. One.neMs to be of marble when one has fo do the work of a M. Lamarque. \- Plessis lesTours J Who -that, reads the history of those times shudders- not at that well-fcoown-namei Apriennpalec. in whose-, dark corners horrors untold existed; Above, splendid chambers. where XoniE, -withered, ..Iran, ? land pale, irith an executioner and barber for his constant companions, was wont to feast royally, and to pray hypocritically; where courtiers, fearing their dreaded master, bowed down to him with a reverence that Md their hate ! While below — too for for their groans and cries to reach the upper air and intrude unpleasantly upon the hearing of those who "made merry above them — lay chained and dying men, cut off for ever from light and liberty— below, yawned tile noissome dungeon, the torture- chamber, the oubliette. It is computed that during the reign of this diabolical Valois, fifteen hundred people perished by the oubliette alone. . The Bastille was -rent stone from etone by an indignant people .; but Plessis les Tours yet looks upon the rushing Loire, that river wMch bore bo often the. -freight of a floating shapeless sack, inscribed with the legend, " Laissez passer la justice du BoL" Months went on, and as yet no worse lack than detention had happened to our Marquis, who spent a good deal of his time in the governor'e apartments culti- vatincr thft nrn 11 n.i n tan r.n nf Madame, a motherly Normande, and L6onie, her foir and stately daughter. That was the one bright thing in the chflteau of Plessis — the presence of Ldonie Lamarque. How often, winning the consent of her father by the pleading ways he found it so hard to resist, she carried comfort into the dark and miserable cells where .languished the hapless prisoners ! How often they passed away blessing the fur face that shone upon them in their need 1 A lovely and loving woman, would not every soldier in the garrison have done impossible things to win a smile from her 1 Notably, poor Gnstave Chapellier, commandant of them all, young, brave, and handsome, who wor- sMpped her with a love exceeding great ; and laid his honest heart at her feet with the satisfaction — if indeed it were any — of knowing that Blowly bat sorely, day by day, L6onie was giring hers away to the noble and accomplished captive ; that the devotion of years was accounted as nothing to the acquaintance of weeks with the courtly, perhaps frivolous Marquis — that L6onie would not hear his . sighs nor notice his desperate unhappiness, while finding her heaven in the deep blue eyes for which the Estrellee were famed. Nor could anything be done ; remonstrance would be idle ; Leonie was free to choose, whether she chose wisely or not. Again, poor Gustavel add to this that neither father nor mother had the least idea of how matters stood with their daughter and the Marquis. Truly, Gustave's predilection was, as it ever is with a Frenchman, patent enough to any beholder who cared to notice it. And it may be that the elders of this heuBehold were content to let him win their Lfeonie if he could, wMle caring not to lose too soon the -idol of their hearts. Ab. to the Marquis, he was in everything charming ; but his rank was too far above them for inquietude; any day the capricious king might restore Mm to liberty and favour, when they would see Mm no more. Winter came and went. It was Louis's custom to give no warning of his visits to Plessis, thinking, probably, that it enabled him more easily to discover any lapses : of duty on the part of his governor or subordinates. Nothing de lighted him more than to seize an offender in the act, and for that, it was.of course necessary to ponnce unexpectedly upon the delinquents. M. Lamarque, quite iwell aware of this trait in his amiable jmaster's character, circumvented it by posting trusty watchmen in the vicinity, iwho by a given signal warned the inmates jof Plessis les Tours when the king's :stealthy approach was detected. .Tbat ; signal came "one April morning when ; d'Estrelles and L6onie were out on the ramparts. Acting upon the governor's 'friendly hint, the Marquis betook himself jto Ma own apartment; and not long afterwards Lonis, attended as usual by his favourites Tristran and Olivier le j Daim, entered smilingly the gates where ' his coming bronght always death and misery.- As he descended from his 'litter, a shrunken, shambling figure, I wearing the black velvet hat adorned with'its coarse leaden images, how many shivered as they caught his furtive glance : and the sinister expression of his pallid : lips. He was in a gracious mood that day, a mood that always boded ill to some "unlucky , wight, and was -therefore more to be feared than even his spasmodic wrath. For some hours he amused Mmself by inspecting the fortress, visiting some of the dungeons, and witnessing the tortnre of one man, whose life mercifully departed daring the process ; then, having one way or another, settled the fate of half-a-dozen human beings, the king went to dinner with great complacency. When that was over, the "Marquis of Clair-marias was sum moned to his presence. Spite of bis bravery and gay philosophy, Claude's heart gave one fierce throb as the hangings were lifted -and, followed by two guards, he stood within the royal presence. More, a gleam of hatred lit his eyes as they fell upon Tristran, who, richly dressed, stood by the window ostentatiously gating, into the courtyard below. Belonging to the dregs of the people, low,, hideous, and brutal, yet raised.by thecaprice of a king to riches atd honours, the name of Tristran blots the, page, of history. It is impossible to comprehend what attraction sodegraded a being conld have for one who came at least of a royal race— the race of magni ficent Francis, and learned gracious Margaret, and courtly ' Henry. The fact alone remains. It is at least, a trivial consolation to know that nothing marks the spot of earth which at last received his remains; the- king's once powerful favourite has shared . the fote of many nobler .men, a dishonoured grave. With a look and a wave of his hand, Louis dismissed the guards. "We are happy to see you again, Monsieur le Marquis ; and we trust that the time given you here for reflection has been properly spent, and the result ib that you are now willing to accede to our wishes, expressed to yon some months ago." « I regret, Sire, that your hopes are vain. . My views : upnn ; so detestable.'a subject have not altered, nor are they likely to do. ao." "So 1" , The king leaned back in his chair, -biting his nails, and stealthily eyeing his rebellious subject. "That -is miicli to'fep regrefted--the more especially afig unfortunately, your determjnatiqn Is likelyto produce very unpleasant "results, if jpejrsistei )in. Our people knw bow much our royal heart inclineth always to the side of mercy ; and nothing grieves us more than when insolent obstinacy compels us to punish, when we wonld so much rather reward." "You are far too lenient always, Sire 1" murmured the hypocrite at the window. Claude had stood with firmly closed lips and upright mien dnring the king's speech. At Tristran's words a look of deadlier resolution, mingled with contempt, came over his face. Louis noted it, and turning to the executioner, said mockingly : "I fear, worthy Tristran, . that our foolish young friend does not appreciate yet the honour that yon wonld confer npon the family of Estrelles. He ventures to.scoru you, faith of a king 1 and thinks doubtless it were fitter we should find you a bride among your people in the Quortier Notre- Dame !" Tristran paled with smothered wrath. Like other favourites of tyrannical masters, he often had Mmself to bear in silence the sting of Louis's gibing frtnmib niornpfl aIiIta his friends and foes. After a moment's silence the latter turned again to Glaude, " We had hoped, Monsieur le Marquis, to take you back with us, restored to your home and position in society, also to what is, of course, a trivial thing, our royal favour. We ask you once again— and think seriously before you reply : Are you prepared to tender us your eutire sub mission, and give us the consent which we could well do without" (Claude shivered) "but wMch it suits us to demand of you as a loyal subject I Speak! It is your last chance for some time to come." " Be wise, Monsieur le Marquis," said Tristran, tnrning to him; "and do not reject the kindness of so gracious a lord. Let me implore you, for your own sake." Utterly ignoring both the speaker and Ms words, Claude drew a long breath, and answered Louis in a steady voice : "The king is my master — but he has had my answer. There can be no other." " It is your final decision ? Think of the cost once more I" And Louis's eyes glittered ominously. " Sire, I have spoken." Grasping the arms of his chair, Lonis rose quickly, and his pale lips quivered as he exclaimed viciouriy : " Enough ! Be it so. We can see easily how \- misplaced has been onr kindly consider- ' ation for you — how foolish we have been to make your residence here so pleasant to you, and stoop to ask when we could more fitly command. There are means of taming those who are mad enough to defy us. Let us see how you will relish the bread and water of affliction !" He Btrack fiercely a bell upon the table, and the guards re-entered with the governor of Plessis. " Yon have already received your instructions, M. Lamarque. The Marqois of Clair-Marias sternly refuses our clemency. We bid him farewell fer a season of repentance. And" —taking off his hat he placed it npon the table, then sank down upon Ms knees before it — " we will pray Our Lady and the holy Haints that the punishment wMch he has bronght; upon himself may be blessed to him V Chapter IL the secrets of plessis les tours. Life had gone hardly with the Marquis of Clair-marias since we beheld him last. Before leaving Plessis les Tonrs, Lonis had seen with his own eyes his " instruc tions" -carried out ; and in one of the dungeons of which Claude had until then only heard, he had leisure to learn at what cost one braves the whims of an autocratic king. What, compared with his now dreadful abode, was imprisonment in the com paratively pleasant gateway tower — with dainty food, space, and air, the sound of human voices, the society of L6onie 1 Let us iook at the unfortunate Marquis as he sits in his dreary abode many months later. It is a vaulted cell, close to and below the moat. The massive stone walls are green and slimy with damp. Slimy also are the creatnree that crawl over them. As to furniture, there is a ponderous open table, fixed to the floor ; a rough block of stone for a seat; and a bench, also of stone, jutting out from the wall and covered with a straw pa'liasse, dirty and foul in odour. From the roof, suspended by strong chains, hangs an iron lamp. Upon the table are a pitcher of water aud a lump of black bread partly eaten. The only light and air that enter this wretched place come from a narrow embrasure high up in the wall, so high, that even by standing upon his couch, Claude fails to reach it with the tip of his finger. Twelve months of this existence have wrought a woeful change in our once gay Marquis. The king's discipline has done its work, aided by the despair to which Claude has now abandoned himself He sits by the table, his head bowed down upon his thin white hands. One solitaiy gleam of sunshine comes through the loophole, and falls tenderly npon his fair hair, now tumbled aud uncared for, lighting it up for a time with a shadow of its old glory— -that golden hair which canght the heart of Leonie Lamarque in its. silken meshes. For so long the lonely captive has been debarred the sight of sunshine, that he has ceased to look for it, and does not notice it now. In motionless apathy, that apathy which ib born only when hope dies utterly, he awaits whatever, may yet hefoll him. Perhaps just now he sleeps,- and dreams of freedom ! One may perhaps wonder why the Mud-hearted governor of Plessis does cot ameliorate, as we imagine he conld, the rigours of Claude's miserable life. But Louis bad taken care of that Whether he had cause to suspect undue leniency on the part of ML Lamarque, or whether it was dictated solely by the distrust inherent in the king's character, he had announced, before Mb return to Paris, that for the futnre the governor shonld visit no prisoner except in the company of two warders, chosen by Mmself — Louis. He condescended to explain that it was nnwise to expose so valuable a life as that of this trustworthy servant, M. Lamarque, to the chance of an attack from a perhaps desperate prisoner, and therefore it was needful that assistants should be at hand ; which assistant he provided. Spies, those undoubtedly were — men only too glad to report any dereliction of dnty to the tyrant Lonis — men only too glad to rise npon the governor's folL In those days, the hand of so-called justice was swift, the distance from prison to grave short ! When the unlucky Marquis of Clair marias was first removed from the gats- way tower to the dnngeon, Gustave Chapellier was inclined to congratulate himself thereupon. It seemed to his benighted mind that the fact opened a straighter road to Ldonie's favour. " She wonld," he said to himBelf, " forget her passing fancy when she saw its fa scinating cause no more ;" proving by that foolish remark how utterly iguorant he was of a woman's heart. Time bronght him wisdom. Claude was gone certainly, if that was any consolation to an appre ciated suitor ; but was that suitor's case advanced thereby 1 Alas for GoBtave ! he found, to his disgust, that Ldonie Lamarque was farther from . him than ever. She tolerated him before ; she. utterly avoided him -now. If he ventured to join her on the ramparts; or seek her in her mother's room, she treated him with a cold indifference. If he spoke to her, she seldom answered; but the browm eyes jgazed straight before her into vacancy, into a region where Gnstave was not! And the light had faded from those weary eyes, with their now constant far-awav look, for they "were with her heart," and that was in the cell of Claude d'EstrelleB. Not an idle sorrow only. Of what avail is that to those we love ? But help — practical help how could Ldonie give it, as brave and faithful women had given it before to those men who were dear to them 1 That was the thought which day and night wearied the brain of the governor's foir child; wMch was with her, imperative though almost hopeless, in her daily duties, her solitary walks round the moat, her prayers. Like nearly all the unmarried French women, LAonie was devote. Having been educated in a convent near Plessisj it was her custom to go there at least once a week for the purpose of visiting the good nuns, who gladly welcomed her, aud in whose charge She frequently remained all night. On these expeditions she rode her own black horse Haroon, accompanied by her own particular page Silvaio, a lad entirely devoted to his young mistress. And as no one would have beeD bold enough to molest the daughter of bo powerful a man as the governor of Plessis, lAonie's rides were taken when and where she chose Of late, these visits to the convent of tiairite Marguerite had been almost daily. She prayed earnestly for guidance from heaven ; she vowed offerings endless and rich to her patron Saint Lfien and to the Blessed Virgin/if assistance were given in this hour of need. At length the maiden's prayers for aid iu behoof of her hapless lover were apparently heard ; for foiling asleep with Claude's name npon her bps, Lfionie dreamed a strange dream. She was in the old chapel of the castle, when a pknel in the carved reredos behind the altar flew open, and a shadowy hand pointed into a gloomy passage. She stepped into the passage through which a shadowy form guided her steps, and a voice sad and faint, coming apparently from far away, seemed repeating to her : The secret way is here? "Then fey one of those transitions so easy in our dreamsfrom an actor she becaqST only a spectator. She saw the Marquis of Clair-marias in the dungeon, pallid and woe begone, and sought to approach him, but could hot. A something held her back, while still the same voice murmured in her ear : " The secret way ; look ! the secret way." And behold, the massive etone wall opened, and a semblace of herself, carrying a lamp, wMch flooded the dungeon with its light, came throngh. The vision approached the Marquis, and taking his hand, drew him to the dark opening. There seemed to be some words of joyful parting ; then Clande disappeared ; the wall closed, and the figure, slowly vanished where it stood, the light dying ont as the vision passed away. " The saints have heard me I" was the young girl's joyful exclamation as she sprang np, while yet the dew lay npon the fair fields aronnd Plessis, and threw herself down before the little oratory of her room in passionate thankfulness. : That night, when silence aud sleep fell upon the fortress, Leonie, noiseless as a ghost, visited the cbapel in that portion of the old building which yet remained after Louis XL had bnilt himself a palace whose stones were cemented with blodd. Fortunately, the way to it was easy and the risk of detection not great. No restless priest kept vigil there. The tapers burning day and night before the Virgin's shrine, gave light enough for the work in hand ; and commending herself to heaven, L€onie searched long and patiently upon her knees for a secret spring in the beautiful oaken reredos For a long time — so long that the tapers were growing dim in the grey dawn — that search was made in Vain. Bat snccess came at last. A click — a small panel flew open, and disclosed — what I Alas ! no passage, but a little cavity about two feet square, in wMch lay some .dusty papers. Leonie swept them impatiently on to the floor, and examined carefully the -opening — to no purpose. The stone wall was everywhere impene trable ; there was no sign of anything which could be used as a secret spring ; and indeed had there been any, it was impossible that lAonie's slender form could have- pushed itself -through the opening, still less the broad shoulders of a man. Weary and rick- hearted, the governor's daughter leaned against the altar. Of what avail were her prayers % The dream had only mocked her after all. The bitterness of this disappointment tanght her how much Bhe had hoped, and how foolishly. The light growing stronger warned her of the danger of bring found where she was; and mechanically picking up the papers, she closed the panel and fled away to her room. Fate befriended her ; she met no curious inquirers. And concealing the papers, she lay down to rest, baffled, but not conquerecL That evening, just before ennset, Leonie stood at her casement with the papers taken from the chapel in her hand. She turned them over, having first secured her door, and looked at them -idly. They were old and muBty. Records of the unhappy men who had been incarcerated at Plessis, disappearing "finally from .Iranian ken by means known only to the initiated ; warrants, accounts,-, each. ..things as governors might accumulate during their regency. Disheartened, she gazed at them without - interest They did not bring her nearer to Clande. One scroll of vellum, rolled off the table to her feet, and picking it u, she glanced at it carelessly before pusMng it aside with the others. The glancs wassufficient, for Leonie held in her hands a plan, clear and distinct, of the secret passages of Plessis les Tours I And so the blessed dream had not been all in vain. For a while Bhe Btudied the plan intently, dismissing from her mind as impracticable many ways of which the .approaches were too hazardous, too closely guarded ; when suddenly she .went Bwiftiy to her bedside where a carved .wooden wainscot rose to meet the tapestry hangings, and sought : a particular group of flowers. Therein, according to the scroll, lay a; spring, and beyond it a passage leading to the dreary cell, wherein Claude was slowly lingering out his days. Some time elapsed before LAonie could move the spring, stiff no doubt from long disuse. . Bnt finally it yielded; the panel creaked upon its rusty hinges, aud there was the passage; gloomy-looking as a grave. The hour was favourable "for exploration." Madame had gone into the town; the governor was occnpied in comDiline reports : and the maiden was safe from interruption for a while. Lighting a lamp she passed into the opening. The way was narrow, dusty, and utterly dark but supplied with air from one or two narrow slits in the wall, wMch was evidently the outer one of the castle. She shaded her lamp, that no gleam might betray her to any unfriendly eyes, although the chances of such a thing were smalL Presently she came to a flight of steps ; after that, another leveL Then again steps, and these were green and slippery ; the walls also were stained with moisture and moss-grown. The air that came through the apertures wag chill and dank. - L6onie shivering in her thin wMte . dress, shaded, more. careraiiy tne tamp, wnicn mcxered m the strong draught And now, suddenly she came to a stand-atilL Her farther pro gress was barred .by. an impenetrable wall of etone. It rose before her, massive and unyielding, with no sign of panel or door on its suL'en face. She raised the light; and studied eagerly its rough surface ; the ponderous atones covered with patches of moss, dripped with moisture, and were - stained a' dull red and brown by the action of time and damp. Presently her hand came ra con tact with a small iron bolt;- and setting down her lamp, Leonie sought with all. hep strength— the strength of love and devotion — to move it. At length the stubborn bolt gave way, and one of the ponderous stones revolving npon a secret spring, fell back, leaving an open space. The Btrong will had at last won the way; and with a beating heart IAonie stepped into the dnngeon of Claude d'Estrelles 1 j It was past sunset. At any moment the warders might be expected to make their nsuai rounds ; and the governor's daughter remained only long enqnghto whisper hope and comfort to the captive, promising to return later -on, when they wonld be safe from spies and interrnp- tron. . And so they met nignt after night, discn8sing plans, possibleand impossible, for Claude's deliverance; while strength ening food and wine, procured for LSonie by the faithfal Sflvain, soon wrought a healthful change in Claude's pallid cheeks and sunken eyes. He dared not trim his ragged locks and beard, or seek :to improve the appearance of his soiled garments. Suspicion's, quick glance would have detected the change. But steadily, surely, he gained strength as the day went on. And the mother and fotiier rejoiced to see that Leonie grew brighter than she had been for many weary months, dreaming little of the hidden cause. Grave and momentous were these in terviews between the lovers ; and thongh a beginning had been effected, how mnch remained to be done, before the Marquis of Clair-marais should see the outside of Plessis les Tours' grim walls ! One scheme was pondered and discussed often. its very simplicity was a recommenda tion ; by that bold simplicity it might succeed. And so it was finally accepted and decided npon. And the 10th of June— one fortnight from that. day- was fixed for the attempt wMch most make or mar the captive's fortunes and the fortunes of his abettors. The time arrived. The 10th of Jane rose foir and bright. Ldonie saw in it an omen of good fortune. Bat unknown to the lovers, it also lighted on his way the death- messenger from Lonis! Im possible to say what caused this sudden decision on the part of the king ; but so it' was. Claude's sentence had gone forth. Death in its most secret, cowardly form — death by the onbliette. A miserable man was the governor of Plessis when that warrant was placed in his hands by the envoy from Paris, It was hard enough to .work the will of a merciless despot in any case. Bnt the Marquis ! the gay, pleasant yonng noble, who, twelve months before, had been so intimate a companion at his table — that he shonld he-hurled .to bis death at mid night by pitiless hands, nnhonoured, noshrived ! The thought stopped the beating of M. Lamarqne's kindly heart, and paled Ms cheek with sickening horror. All that day he went abont mechanically — like one who sees a ghastly virion, denied to other eyes. Lfionie, pallid and thonghtfol also, noticed her father's curious preoccupation ; bnt he avoided all questioning with a stern moroseness unusual with him. He heard, however, gladly, that Ldonie intended visiting the convent of Sainte Marguerite that evening. "Yes, yes; go, my child. Remain all night, and remember to pray earnestly for ad unfortunates." " I will, my father." The governor shot himself up in his private apartment, thankful that - the maiden would be away from Plessis evil precincts when that unholy deed was done. Just before sunset, Silvain brought the homes to the lodge-door. TTis com panion mounted, and rode slowly down (be court-yard, re tnrning gravely the salutes of the soldiers who were on guard or loitering about, Silvain engaging in a laughing war of words with one of the warders standing by the great gate. After a trifling delay, the portcnllis was raised ; the drawbridge chains rattled as the ponderous apparatus fell clattering into its place,'-and the riders-passed ont, steadily walking their horses until a tarn of the road hid them from view. When it grew dusk, and the time came for changing the enter guard, the draw bridge was lowered once more, to permit the exit of the night patroL With tbem passed oot a Sister wearing the dark-bine robes and large coif of Sainte Marguerite's convent A black muslin veil was thrown over her coif, partly Bhading her features. "A good-night to you, my Mother," said the porter, respectfully removing bis cap. The Sister murmured something in return. The soldiers quickly made way for her. " Who is it then ? " arid a new-comer of (be guard to bis comrade. "Mother Angilique of Sainte Mar- guerite's," replied the other, who was busy tightening the girths of his horse. " She comes often to visit onr ladies. She has stayed late to-day talking with .Madame, no doubt. A good woman, . the Mother Angiliqne, they say." "They are all good, these religious ones,". returned the other. "Bnt name .of grace 1 'tis but a dull life; it seems to me, for a woman, unless she's old and gray-" And so talking, (be men went ont into the dusk; and the quiet Sister passed out of their sight. \- Ten o'clock struck. M. Lamarque re- Brtltrml fn Innlr nnaa vnnvn nnAn UW1IVU WW lUVAl uuvc tuuio UIUU IIUB JfUUUg Marquis, whose minutes of existence were so cruelly numbered, and whose murder was already arranged with those whom Lonis had selected for that evil dnty. His chosen warders had visited the prisoner that afternoon as usual, carrying him his ordinary allowance of bread and water, and had themselves locked the door wMch was never again to open for him. Eluding for once the vigilance of those warders, the governor went stealthily to the northern tower. " Pray heaven he sleeps," whispered he, as qnietly opening the door, he raised the lamp and glanced into the cell. Claude d'Estrelles, Ms miserable coverlet thrown over Mm, lay upon his pallet. His foce was turned to the wall. He never : stirred. For a moment, dnring which he uttered a voiceless prayer, the "governor gazed sadly upon the tangled foir hair on which the lanp light gleamed. Then reverently closing the door, M. Lamarque retreated with a heavy heart. Midnight came. The emissaries of Louis went to their appointed work. Swiftly and silently the well-oiled bolts were withdrawn. The floor opened. There was a crashing -foil as the pallet and its occupant went down, and then the hideous trap closed again over its hidden prey. Chapter HI. three years after. A fair morning son was shining on Touraine. Itglittered in myriad sparkles npon the dancing Loire, brightened the distant turrets of Sainte Marguerite, and lit up even the sombre walls of Plessis les Tours. In the breeze there was fresh- nete, and the mingled scent of roses and hawthorn, as it swept across the green fields where the lark; carolled over its nest. There were merry voices every where. The market-women, in their picturesque attire, chattered gaily with the soldiers lounging at the gates of Plessis, wMch now stood open all day long. It seemed that a something of gloom and depression was lifted from the place — a something of terrcr'-gnne. And the change discernible in Plessis was the change which had resuscitated France throughout ite length and breadth. Crushed so helplessly under the iron heel of .a tyrant, it rose in renewed beauty at the beck of a gentler master ; for Louis XL was gone to his rest with all his sins npon hishead, and his son Charles reigned in hisatead. One of the first acts of the new Mng bad been to open the prison doom of those captives whom Louis had left alive, and to seek by kindly compensation to atone for the crnelties practised by his predecessor. He invited back also those nobles who by timely flight had put the sea between them and their oppressor. And iu a short time the court at Paris was gay again with the beanty and chivalry of old France. On this sunshiny morning, a man standing npon tne ramparts or rieseis, leanedagainst a corbel and gazed listlessly, sometimes at the distant river with its barges; . sometimes at the. pigeons circl ing fantastically over Ms head, their Snowy-plumage shewing clear and white against the intense blue sky. He is worn-looking, stern, and gray. A man aged apparently more by some terrible sorrow than by years, a man to whom smiles are an infrequent visitor. We have seen him before. It is M. Lamarque, still governor of Plessis les Tonrs. And few mention his name without a sigh of condolence and pity. His people stand aside respectfully when he passes, the father of lost Lfionie Lamarqne I It is becoming an old story now — linnr tlial nnn Hiimmpr ADXninrr iliiura years ago she rode away with her atten dant Silvain to visit the convent of Sainte Marguerite, aud frQm that ride returned no more. She had never reached the convent. The eyes that watched her cross the drawbridge were the last that had beheld her. Days, weeks, months went by, and brought no clue to her strange disappearance. L6onie, Haroun the well known black horse, Silvain, all vanished as if obli terated from the foce of the earth, and left no sign. Frantic at his loss, the father appealed for aid to Lonis, who condescending to interest Mmself for his faithful servant, caused strict inquiry to be made ; but without avaiL And then a rnmour crept about — as rumours will, one knows not how-— that Gnstave Chapellier, ordered with his troop to a distant part of the country, had not gone alone, bnt that with him went a veiled and masked woman ; further, that that woman was Lfionie liamarqoe. We know at least that was not true ; and Gnstave, summoned to Paris, denied sorrowfully and indignantly the vile assertion. The story of his honourable love, related by himself to Lonis, convinced even that sceptical monarch that Gustave was evidently innocent The blow struck down the unhappy mother. Low, mystery, and disgrace did speedy work ; and the governor has been wifeless and childless for two years when we meet Mm again. He thinks of all this as he stands there, a lonely weary man, and the look of stern suffering deepens on his foce. So absorbed is he in these reflections, that he does not notice the arrival of a horse man by the . Paris road. ' Summoned | before long to receive a visitor, M. | Lamarqae descends slowly the winding stair, and enters with his now habitual gravity the strangers' lodge. A fair young man was tilers, stately and noble- looking, at the right of whose deep bine eyes a cold thrill shot to the heart of Ml Lamarque ; mid at the sound of whose gay voice, the governor stepped back as though he would have fled, his cheeks paling and his breath deserting him. " Welcome, old friend, at last I" cried the stranger, coming forward eagerly, and extending both hands in cordial fashion. Taking no heed of the proffered hands, M. Lamarque still gazed— a man turned to atone. " Speak to me, commandant, for the love of all saints ; don't stand and glare at me like that, aa if I were a ghost." A ghost indeed 1 to the horror-stricken governor. " Ah," continued the other, " I suppose that I don't deserve to be noticed after my ingratitude in remaining silent so lone; but come, forgive and forget my rins. I have come back, you see ; won't you say a word of kindly greeting to your old friend, Claude d'Eetrellas f ' " Bui;" gasped at last the governor, " you are dead, M. le Marquis ; you must be dead 1" " Dead 1 not I, faith of a gentleman 1 .tuuiuuga certainly i suouia nave been very speedily had I remained mnch longer in that cheerful hole of yours in the northern tower. Bnt thanks to love and luck, that demon of a Louis was outwitted, as of course you very soon found out. Come; M. Lamarque," con tinued the Marquis, laughing, " ait down and have it all out fairly. First, you shall give me the history of my decease, which .yon so oddly insist npon ; and then I'll give you the history of my escape, which I certainly insist npon." The governor sank mechanically into a chair, passing his hand across bin brow, as thongh to clear away the mist from his brain and eyes. But it was all reaL ; There before him sat the smiling Claude d Estrellas, twisting his Bunny moustache. " Come, commandant, begin I" ' " It was upon the 10th of June, M. le Marquis, three years ago " " I have reason to remember it," broke in the youog man joyfully—" the day of my deliverance." The governor heaved a sigh of per plexity. " On that day I received a special envoy from the king, bearing your death-warrant" w Kind attention on his part; very 1" "You were decreed to die that night by — the oubliette. I had no choice bat to obey, terrible as obedience was. Grieving for you more than you can comprehend, M. le Marquis, I visited vou that evening, and nuietlv onenimr your cell-door, I gave ycu a farewell look and prayer, for yon were sleeping peace fully, and never stirred." Clande smiles oddly to himself. " At midnight the emissaries of Louis did their work, and it was sure. They heard the crash of the falling pallet upon which you lay, and " " Apparently the days of miracles are hot past," says Claude, laughing ; "for here I am sure enough, and none the worse ! Remarkable ; isn't it %" M. Lamarque does not know what to make of this young man, who, risen up from the dead, treats with so mnch levity a story wMch, as regards the governor Mmself, has helped to wMten his hair and sadden his life. "You astonish and bewilder me, Monsieur le Marquis, Your jesting words are incomprehensible to me." " Ah I forgive me," says the Marqois ; "my own heart u lighter to-day than it has been for many a weary month. I have come back to confess my sins and be absolved. My greatest creditor has already remitted my <f!bt ; you can't wonder that with a glad face I seek her lather and ask him to receive and welcome me. For it is against her his voice changes — "her, that I have sinned so grievously by my thoughtless silence and neglect." One allusion in Claude's Bpeech has altered the expression of M. Lamarqne's countenance from amazement to distress. What has this man to say of L&raie;, tne very tuougut oi wuom evonea a miserable memory in her father's heart, and sets the flood-tide of his troubles free ? The governor sighs wearily, and : leaning Ms head upou his hands, says : "Tell me what yon will, Monsieur le Marquis, and pardon my strange manner to yon. I am confused. There are things yon do not know. Fray speak. I listen." And so Clande, in Ms gay bright fashion, tells the story of his escape. It was, after all, like many great strokes of genius, simple enough. The greatest difficulty was surmounted when LSonie discovered the secret way. Ladies in 1482 wore a carious rid ng costume, a sort of cloak or domino with a hood, nnH a HlnMr bnlvnf: maslr Thn mdnlr had become an institution among the noble dames of Paris, ostensibly to preserve their complexions froui the suu, and their faces from the rude looks of too inquisitive gallants, but in reality because it lent itself so conveniently to the service of intrigue. Like other fashions, it travelled speedily into the provinces, and soon became the recognised append age of a lady either on horseback or in a litter. Therefore, disguised inlAonie'sapparel, with shorn locks, and attended by tbe faithful Silvaio, Claude left Plessis tea Tonrs on that memorable 10th of June. Still weak from his long imprisonment, howhis heartbeat with feverish pulsations as he mounted Harouo, knowing that at any moment he might be stopped and spoken to, even by the governor himself! There was a trifling delay at the great gate, a delay made on purpose by the clever Silvain to avert suspicion, bat a delay which made the Marquis's heart throb more wildly, and his pale foce flush beneath Ms hood. Discovered I — now ! when life and freedom were so near I At the thought, Claude's hand had clntched more fiercely the bridle-rein, while his teeth closed upon his wMte lip until it bled. But the drawbridge was lowered ; they passed quietly over, and once out of sight, the yonng man thanked passionately God and his love. Later on, LSonie, after placing in Clande'e cell a lay-figure so arranged in his poor garb as to cheat a cursory inspection, passed out of Plessis in the attire of Mother Aog61ique, trusting to (what really happened) the impunity afforded by the well-known dress. No one dreamed gf staying or interfering with her. It never entered the porter's mind to ask Mmself the question when she had come in, or indeed, u> think anything abont it "It was Mother Aug&liqne.; VoUa tout ! A simple matter." And as it was absolutely neces sary for the. snccess of Claude's venture that L&raie.; should disappear, she threw herself npon the kindly mercy of the Abbess of Sainte Marguerite, who kept the secret faithfully, even for ber own sake. It was an ugly affair to meddle with any of Lonis XL's little arrange ments. So free of Plessis' grim walls, by devionB paths the Marquis and Silvain travelled on, avoiding all encounters with other people, resting by day in tbe thick woods, and riding cautiously by night, until they reached at leDgth the Chateau d'Estrelles, where its lord was received as one risen from tbe dead. The Lady R6uee bad long ago taken refuge in a convent, to escape the persecutions of Louis and Tristran, but not as a pro fessed Inmate, and the brother and sister soon met again. Faithful servants kept their secret Naturally, there was no search made for the Marquis, believed by those in power to be buried in the silent vaults of Plessis ; and soon gold smoothed their way to England, where they awaited better days. New friends gathered round him, new pleasures opened before him. Youth and wealth find sma'l leisure for sad retrospection, and so for a while the memory of past horrors grew dim in the excitement of other interests that surrounded him. But with all this, as time passed on, the Marquis of Clair- marais became a restless man. Fair faces smiled on him and they delighted him not. The witchery of bright eyes faded beside the steady gleam of those which haunted him always now — the far-away Llonie Jjamarque, dscodio s lasuj auu burcijj iub one woman in the world to him ! When she came, a heavenly vision, xi his wretched dungeon, proffering life and liberty, Claude caught at them as & drowning man catches naturally at a plank, unheeding for the moment that the salvation of himself may mean the destruction of another. But to do him justice in this matter, he imagined really that her risk was nothing. Louis would forgive a woman, the only child of his faithful commandant, to. whom no blame could attach. And in the convent of Sainte Marguerite, Leonie would fir.d a safe and happy refuge until events took a more favourable turn. Yes, that was it. The evil of the day tided safely over, Claude's mind was not of that calibre which takes undue thought for the morrow. Why then, should he latterly dream of her so often, and wake with a heavy heart, whose craving uuthing satisfied 1 And now we have to state a fact, unpleasant but true, a feet that Monsieur d'Estrelles would have been ashamed and sorry to confess lightly, even to himself In this game of hearts between the Marquis and the governor's daughter, the stakes, alas ! had not been equal j and the heaviest — more the pity — lay with Leouie. A Frenchman of his time, readier with his jest and sword than steadfast in his easily excited fancies, Claude was more to Lfionie than L6ome as yet had been to Claude. The love-making, commenced iu sheer thoughtlessness, to while away the dreary hours of confinement in Plessis, had deepened, it is true, into a nobler feeling on his part when the girl's faithful devotion won a way to him and nnon iiia nriann doors. But even theu it was little beyond a grateful senti ment, a passing enthusiasm of admi ration, that fell miserably short of the deep-rooted, abiding love which alone is worthy of its name. As regarded such, Claude's soul was still in outer darkness, and asleep, when he went forth a free man again. It was only distance and memory and remorse that awoke it at last in its real honest strength, when everything else, tried in the balance, was found wanting. He took his resolve. As his acknowledged, honoured wife, her loving devotion, which he recalled with shame, Bhould be rewarded, and his thoughtless ingratitude atoned for. Charles was king in his father'6 stead. Claude and Rcuee were safe, aud they returned to their ancient home. The Marquis speedily found that Mademoiselle Lamarqne's mysterious disappearance had never yet been accounted for; she was still lost to the world of Plessis, and then he knew where to look for her. When the death of Louis XL cleared the social atmosphere of France, one might have expected that Leouie would have returned to her father's house, and so far elucidated matters ; but in truth she dared not Convents are pretty much au. courant with all that passes in the outer world, and Mademoiselle Lamarque knew that her flight had brought ber mother to the grave, and darkened her father's life with a sorrow that made him a man of note upon the tongues of gossips. How, if she hawed herself now. would he be likelv to receive this erriug daughter, the girl who for her lover had not scrupled to sacrifice her nearest ones ? No 1 L6 >uie Lamarque had made her choice, obeying the command that bids a woman leave " father and mother and grieving alone, she " dreed her weird " in Sainte Marguerite's, looking for him who, month after month so wearily expected, came not. In utter silence the governor of Plessis heard Claude's disclosures ; and when tbe latter ceased to speak, M. Lamarque raised bis head slowly, and looking straight before him, with a curiously set and pale fece, said : " And Mademoiselle Lamarque — where then is she r' His voice had a strange, far away sound, as though, while bis words addressed themselves to the listener beside him, his soul itself held commune with distant things, away beyond the world around him. For answer, Claude d'Estrelles rose quickly with an expression npon his fece that would have been called "nervous" in anybody but him self, and opened the door. Two figures come iD. Ooe of them, in a nun's garb, is the Abbess of Sainte Marguerite. She draws forward a while-faced, . trembling woman, who, silent also, sinks down at the feet of M. Lamarque. But speechless, she looks at him, and stretches out her hands f.ppeal- ingly. With a start and gesture of wrathful aversion, the governor wards her off There is neither mercy nor pity in his eyes. . " Who is this 1" he asks, stepping back.' " What ineana this farce f She shivers at tbe unrelenting voice. " Oh ! my father, it is your daughter — four LS'iuie !" "I have uo daughter! She left me to sorrow and disgrace three years ago. Since then, 1 have seen her mother die, calling vainly for her lost child — the child that never answered — that made no sign J— Is it yon, Madame"— and his yoipe took » fiercely poomM ring— "that tell me you are my daughter! — Go r ' The Marquis stoops quickly and raises the shrinking figure, holding it lovingly in his arms while he whispers words of courage, and tries to soothe the frightened girl. The Abbess puts her hand en- treatingly upon M. Lamarque. " My sou ! be merciful 1 Our IAonie has sinned, as many a loving woman has sinned before her. I do not extenuate her fault. I cannot wonder at your righteous anger ; but her own heart has been for many long sorrowful days, and will be, its own punishment. Forgive a stricken, not a hardened woman. Leave vengeance to whom vengeance belongs !" " Marquis de Clair-maraiB !" Startled by the tone, Claude looks up boldly. 1L Lamarque does not approach or turn his eyes upon Lfionie, but he fronts Claude with a stern, white fece. " Have I understood aright that you are willing to marry this — one, named Leonie Lamarque i" " Willing !" The Marquis's voice takes a tone of passionate tenderness. " So willing, that I hope to atone with my whole life for the sorrows of my poor love here. Heaven forgive me for being the cause of them !" " That is well." " It is only your consent we ask now, Monsieur Lamarque." " It is easily given. — I pray you, ladies, and you, sir, to excuse me for a brief period. Have the goodness to atviub luc ucic. And walking with erected head bat lagging steps, like a man in a trance, the governor goes out. Leonie leans on Claude's shonlder ; her tears fall dreatily. The sweet-faced Abbess tells ber beads rapidly, and thanks our Blessed Lady that she has quitted a world where snch terrible sorrows and passions have sway. The Marquis, to tell the truth, looks rather savage. He had not exactly reckoned upon the present performance. Things do not appear to be arranging themselves pleasantly. He gnaws his moustache. The governor re-enters. Still haughty and cold, he requests them to follow him, and he leads the way to the old chapel. . It is partly filled with a crowd of retainers, new servants who have come in with the new rdgime, strangers who know not Lfionie Lamarque ; and they stare curiously at tbe chief &tors; in this strange and sudden wedding to which they are bidden as witnesses. The altar is a,blaze with light. Leonie . remembers with a curious wonder her midnight search and what she feuod there three years ago, a finding of which the result is — this ! Awaiting them is a white-haired priest, who gazes pityingly upon the pall bride whom the abbess leads to bim. It seems but a wild weird dream after all ; an unreal phan tasm to the three personages of our drama, when the words are spoken which alter so strangely the lives of those, long separated, who meet again to-day in Plessis les Tours, and Father Laurent, with solemn exhortation, joins the hands of Clande d'Estrelles and Ldouie Lamarque. It is not a very long ceremony ; marriages and divorces were equally snort affairs in tuose convenient aays, and when it is over, all the assistants; previously warned, depart. The Abbess einkB upon her knees before the high altar. There has been no sign of any relenting in the father, who, still and cold, gave jnst now his once-loved cbild into the keeping of the man for whom she has suffered so much. As a stranger doing a duty, he has done it. There are some wonnds that ronse the gentlest nature into cruel retaliation, and the governor's heart has been stabbed by the hand he loved best. Following a sign that he makeB them, Claude and LSonie find themselves standing with him before a monumental stone, let into the walL One glance is enough. Lfionie turns to Claude, cover ing her fece. M. Lamarque speaks with chilling distinctness : " Marquis de Clair-marais, take your wife. What such a daughter must be as a wife, I kuow not. That is yonr affair, not mine. A memory of the dead rises up between me and this woman. — Madame d'Estrelles, your duty awaits you. — Sir, I pray you to excuse me ; I would be alone." He turns away and Binks wearily upon a priediou before the tomb. " Claude, Claude ; He casts me off Ah ! heaven help me 1 " It is a bitter cry, and the Marquis's arm tightens round bis sad young wife as he tries to lead her away. " Come 1 " he says. There is imperiousness as well as love in the tone. He is all she has now. tic vucjo iitiu vrivu luigvisug muu fettering steps. They reach tbe do w. She stops, and turns to look again at tbe solitary bowed figure that leans upon the chair. Its desolation and forlornuess strike to her heart. " No, Claude ; not like this ! — not like this ! " She speaks in a fierce whisper, and breaks from bim. In another moment she is on ber knees beside that silent figure. " Oh, my father — bless your child ! " Even so came tbe voice of Esau upon the ears of Isaac. He starts and shivers at the sonnd. He polls oat his hand to wave her away. She holds it fast — so fast that he cannot withdraw, or prevent her lips from resting upon it. Clande has drawn near. The abbess stays her prayer to watch ; theu watching, prays again. " See here, my father. You loved my mother. Was there never a time when, -f terrible need had been, yon would ve done for her what I did for my love % She sees all things clearly j.hv — she, whom I have most sinned against ; and as I. was dear to her on earth, she has forgiven me now. I know it oh, I know it < My father, will yon be less merciful t — O mother I speak to his heart for me ! " The pitiful, despairing voice rings ont wildly through the chapel. There is a moment's silence. Then M. Lamarque stands np. There are tears too npon bis sunken cheeks. And he looks at tbe memorial stone as he stretches ont his hands over the head of his trembling daughter. " For the sake of my dead love, and as she would bid me do— I forgive and bless her child, the child who bears her name. — Claude, L£enie, go in peace !" And so those who had "come ont of great tribulation," sailed into a pleasant haven at last. And this romance of Plessis les Toms was told over and over again to generation after generation' who stood admiringly before the picture of Lfionie, sixteenth Marchioness of Clair-marais, and read beneath it that she was " Belle dame, vertueuse, et de - loyaatg trSs-rare." That was Claude's doing." . 