POLICE COURT—ADELAIDE. THIS DAY. Friday, November 5. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] John Cavill, Johanna Mullins, Thomas Verr, Catherine Johnson, Susan Romford, and Tom Walker, for being drank in public streets, and Frederick Ayliffe, for being drank while in charge of his vehicle, were fined 10s. each. Mary Ann MacNamara, Catherine Coleman, Mary Flanagan, and Mary ■d-nn Rooney, were fined 10s. each for being drank and making nse of indecent language. Walter Dick, and John Bailey, small boys, were fined 10s. eaoh for letting olf fireworks in the public streets. Martlia Thomas, charged with having no visible means of support, was cautioned and discharged.. Mary Rowland was fined 10s. for loitering, &e.; Wm. Dondon was fined £1 for using insulting language oa the railway platform at Bowden. Edward James Hughes was charged with using threatening language to his wife, Esther Hughes. Ordered to find two sureties of £10 each to beep the peace for three calendar months. Chas. Constable was fined 8s. for carrying 8 cwt. in excess,- and Henry Hay ward was fined 4s. for carrying 4 owt. in excess of the weights licensed under the Width of Tires Act. Margaret Brazil was, on the information of Elizabeth Abel, charged with using insulting language in Hawthorn-street, on Ootober £0. Mr. O. O. Kingston appeared for the defendant. Fined 10s. Margaret Inch was charged by Elizabeth Church with using abusive language in Solomon street. Fined Is. John Woods was charged with assaulting Francia Merricb on Octotor 31, at Adelaide. Mr. 0.0. Kingston for the complainant, and Mr. -W. Y. Smith for the defendant. A meeting of members of the South Australian Yacht Club will be held this even ing at the Ship Innj Fort Adelaide. . We understand that .Mr. Fairclough, the talented tragedian, intends giving a series of ShakeBperian; recitals in the various couutry towns of the colony, and that he will commence his tonr on the return of Mr. Allison from Mel bourne. - = Professor Pepper repeated his popular ghoBt entertainment at Garner's Theatre on Thursday evening. Prior-to the usual psrfo; mance, however, prizes were distributed to the school children who prepared the best papers on the various subjects whioh Professor Pepper dealt with during his recent afternoon lectures. Three prizes were offered by the professor orig! nally.buthe afterwards doubled the number. Mr. J. A. Hartley,'Inspeotor-Genqial of Schools, distributed" the prfsies, remarking that he was glad to assist Professor Pepper in this matter, and.was much pleased on going through the varions papers .of the children to see that they had gained so much benefit as they had done from Mr. Pepper's interesting, and instructive lectures. The awards were as - follows; Mary Arnold, Central Model-School ; Mary A. M. Knight, Mrs. Shuttleworth's aohool; Rose Fraser, Central Model School;. Alex..Wyllie, Central Model School; Sophia S. Adams. Mrs. Shuttleworth's ; Elsie Roaoh, Mrs. Shuttleworth's. The following. had honorable mention: — Florence Jeffery, Central Model School; Edner E. Counter, Mrs. Shuttleworth's; Edith H. Trevener, Mrs. Shuttleworths; P. Whitby, North Adelaide Grammar School; and Miss Scammell, Miss Hay's. . The prizes' were all of an appropriate character. Professor Pepper: in an interesting speech referred to the large amount of work in the Education Department of this. colony, which had greatly surprised him. He was told before he left England for totoe colonies that he would have to take most accomplished people with him to help him because.'he would get no assistance on the spot, except that of men who were good at little beyond pick and shovel work. (Laughter.) People were terribly ignorant in England'about these colonies. He had been collecting photo: graphs illustrating the natural features and public .works -of ':this colony, and when he got back to London, he would certainly make his voice heard to. l.et people know what Australia was. (Applause.). The amusing ghost enter tainment of the professor followed, and with the shadow pantomime and Afghan panorama, which were also shown, caused considerable amusement. . ... _ The half-yearly entertainment in connec tion with the Gienelg Literary Association took place on Thursday evening,* November 4- in the institute Hall, Glenelg.; , The president of the association, the Rev. O. Manthorpe, occupied the chair. The attendance was not very large, the hall being only half filled, but the audience manifested the greatest interest in and approval of the performances, of .those who took part in the., entertainment. The first line -on the pro gramme was an overture on the piano, performed by Mr. G. S. Hall: in his usual brilliant style, after which the president gave a short account of the progress of the association daring the year, stating that various papers on different sub jects : had been. read,; and discussions had taken place: at the. weekly.. meetings, and that a lecture on meteorology bad also been delivered. There had been a small increase of members during the. past session, there being now forty. Daring the seven years in which the association had been, in existence it had been attended with pretty uniform success, and he hoped that, this woold continue iu: the fnture. It was intended to ■ follow the example of the; Adelaide Young Men's Society, and allow young ladies and others to beoome associates, and this step he felt sure would meet with the approval of all. In conolnsion he thanked the members, of the association for the number of times that he bad been elected presi dent, and said that he; had always taken an interest in the association, and hoped he would continue to do so.; Mr. H. Oelmann then gave a song, "Smile and bid me live," in a manner that did not seem to be appreciated as much as it deserved; after, which came a recitation by Mr. J. J. Virgo,"Henry Y. before Aginconrt," followed by the duet " Your pardon, Signers," by Mrs. T. H. Jones, and Miss Yandepeer, which was most imperatively encored. Mr. J. Nicholson had also to come forward again through Hie amount of applause that was accorded to a comic recitation. Mr. Oelmann sang toe ballad, "I seek for thee in every, flower f and Mr. "W", Storrie, recited toe speech of the Earlof Chatham before toe House of Lords, on the question of toe American Inde pendence, very fairly, bat his style was some what wanting in that force and energy with which toe eminent statesman must have de livered his soul-stirring words. The ballad "Alas, those chimesfrom "Maritana," by Miss Yandepeer, who was in excellent voice; and toe song "Ernaniinvolami,"by Mrs.T.H. Jones, followed, and toe duet, ".The sailor sighs," in which Mr. Hall and Miss Yandepeer took part, and which was not altogether successful, cen clnded. the first part of the entertainment. The second part was opened with a piano solo by Mr. G.S. Hall, ana, the laughabla.farce "Box and Cox," in which Messrs. O. iianthorpe, juh., and Hooper were the principal aotors, brought A u;ry enjoyable eyeuing to a 'close, - 