CHAPTER IV. The weary mule stopped readily enough, and my companion drew aside the tarpaulin and began to arrange the straw at fie bottom of the cart, whilst I looked in and saw a very painful sight. I saw two enornrous blue eyes, beautifully shaped, but apparently out of all proportion to tbe rest of the countenance. The head was perfectly formed and covered with a world of lovely hair, but the forehead was flushed as ne Had described, wmist tne rest of her face looked like that of a corpse. She was nestled down in the straw, except her kne'i, upon which she was engaged playing dominoes. She looked up at us, trembled all over, then sm'led faintly at her old protector, and recommenced her game. She seemed as if she was playing with her right hand against her left. 'It is a month and more that sho has played that game,' tbe major orierved, ' and perhaps she will continue to do go for some time longer, and then perhaps she will take up backgammon, or something like it. It is extraordinary, isn't it?' andhe replaced the oilskin on his shako, which the wind and rain had somewhat disarranged. 'Poor Laura,' I replied, you are indeed lost to tbis world !' and then I held out my hand to her, which she- took mechanically, with the ghost of a smile.. I observed with astonishment that sue had two diamond rings on her fingers, which I at once identi fied as those of her mother, and wondered how they had besn precerved through so many vicissitudes. For the whole world I would not have dared to say this to the major, but he noticed that my eyes were fixed on the trinkets; and said with a certain air of pride : ' 'They are fine diamonds, are they not? and would doubtless have fetched thrir value if necessity had arisen, but I would not allow them to be taken away from the poor child. She cries if any one touohei them, and she never takes them off. She never complains, and occasionally she does a little needlework. I have kept my word-to h»r poor little hus band, and, to tell you the truth, I don't re pent my promise. I have never left ber, and [ tell every one that she is my daughter, and is mad. That sort of a thing is respected in the army, and is joore^saiily -arranged than you people in Paris would think possible. She has been through *ll tho wars of the empire with me, and I have always managed to get her safely through them. With plenty of straw and this little carriage, it was easier than you imagine ; and as I was a major on f ull pay, with a pension as an officer of the Legion of Honor, and the gratuities Napoleon gave his Boldiers, 1 have never been pushed for money. There isn't a man in the 7th Lights, officer or man, who doesn't know poor Laura and love her.' Then he touched her lightly on hor shoul der and said : ' Hovi, my child, say a word to tne tiou tenant who is standing there. Just a little nod of your head.' She looked vacantly at me,. aud betopk herself agaia to her dominoes, . 11 Ah I' said he 'she's a little put out to day because of the rain. Luckily she never catches cold, and they say mad people aro never ill. At the Beresina, and throughout the retreat from Moscow, she always went bareheaded. Go on, my ohild, play away, aad don't trouble yourself about us. Do just as you like, Laurette.' , She took the hand. ho had laid on her shoulder — a blaok, 'wrinkled hand— and lifted it timidly to .her lips and kisBed it like a slave. It made my heart ache to see it, and I cried out immediately : . ' Come, major, let us get on, or the night will be upon us before we reaoh Bethune.' He carefully scraped the yellow mud off his boots with the end of the scabbard of his sabre ; then he got upon the footboard of the cart, and drew the hood of the cloak over the girl's head, and, taking a black silk handker chief from bis neck, tied it around her. He then replaced thatarpaulin, started the mule, and,then,with .the. customary hitch of his shoulder we resumed' the march. The rain fell heavily^ . the sky was dark and threaten ing, and the weary -road stretohed ; away before us iu a never-ending : line, and even the frightful windmills which studded the country Boomed - unable to move under the universal depression. We fell into silenoe, and I watched the old officer as ho strode along with undiminiahed energy, when the mule appeared nearly idonevp, and even my hocss began to show symptoms of fatigue. Every now and. tbejiiihe brave oldfellow took off bis Hhako to wipe t'ae perspiration from his brow or the rain from his thin grey hair, from his white moustache, or his thick eyebrows. He did not seem to trouble him self in the least with the effect bis story might have had upon me, and he had plainly sought to mako it neither better nor worse than the reality, but after some time he feU back alongside of me again, and begin an interminable story of a campaign he had once gone through with Marshal Massena in Spain, in which his regiment, formed in square, had beaten off three successive charges of cavalry. I could not listen to it, although he entered into a long disquisition to prove the super iority of infantry over cavalry. At last tbe night came dowu upon rs, the mud became thicker and deeper, and not a hovel of even the humblest kind was to be seen near the road. We stopped at last under a dead tree, the only one near the highroad, and he at once began to tend to his mule, and I did what I could for my horse. Thon he looked into the cart as tenderly as a mother looks into the cradle of her infant, and I heard him say. 'There, my child, put that mat around your feet and try to go to sleep.' Turning to me, he ad 3d, 'That's all right. She hasn't had ad. - of rain inside, ' and then placing some str .. under the cart we crawled on to it to get ont of the rain, and he produced a loaf of bread, which we Bhared between us. ' I'm sorry I can't give you anything better or Bupper, but it is not so bad as the steak of horse, cooked with powder instead of salt, that we had to eat in Russia. I always manage to hare something a little better for her, and she likes to hasre her meals by her self ; for she can't bear a man to come near hor since that affair of the letter.' As he finished speaking we heard her sigh and say, 'Take away the bullet ; take the bullet out of my head.' I started up, and he made me sit dowu again, ' Sit still, sit still,' said he ' that's nothing. She has said that all her life, for she always believes she feels tho bullet in her brain. It is the only sign she ever jjives of all tbe suffering she has gone through ; and a dear, sweet creature she is.' I listeued sadly to this without speaking, and then I calculab-d that no less than cighteou years had elapsed since 17'J7, dur ing all which period this drama had been daily enacted, and I mused on the char acter of the man seated beside me. At last I could stand it no locgcr, aud turning sud denly to him, and seizing his hand, I shook it warmly. ' You're a downright worthy fellow,' said 'And why?' replied he, with an as tonished air. ' You mean because of the poor girl there ? Don't you see it is my duty!' Then he -went off into another story about Massena. The next morning early we reached the little ugly town of Bethuue, where everything was in tho greatest con fusion, for 'boot and Etidd'e' had just been sounded, and the inhabitants wero al ready beginning to stow away the white flag to make room for the tricolor. Drums were beating the assembly, the Cent-Gardes were mustering, the squadrons of the mounted body-guard were forming around the carriage of the princess and the streets were filled with the soldiery and the baggage wagons. The sight of my own regiment made me 'orget my old companion on the march, and jo.ning my squadron I lost sight of his little cart iu the crowd. Alas ! I never saw him again. Often and often had I wondered what had become of him, but I had stupidly forgotteu to ask his name, aud such inquiries as I could make had not resulted iu obtaining any information about him. One day, how ever — I tlr'nk it was in 1825 — wkcu I hap pened to be describing him to an old captain of infantry, 1 proved to be more fortunate. 'I remember him well,' said lie. 'He was a grand old fellow ; but a bullet at Waterloo tumbled him over. He had left a little cart among in the baggago wagons with a sort of ipad-woman in it, and when, we re treated through Amiens, to join the army on the Loire, we left her tficre. I beard afterwards that Bbe died ii three days, rav ing mad.' ' He did his duty, then, to the last,' I replied. ' When we answer to the final roll-call, I hope we may be able to give as good au ac count of ourselves as he will.' 'Amen,' murmured my friend. — Temple 