AnciiiiiHiiui' VAmiiiÁN'óÑ-TiíB ASULÍGA.V Ciiuitcii. -Ia replying to un address presented by tho laity ul tho parish; .ut the laying of ¡the foundation of St, . James's' school, Foreat ; Lodge,' ; Archbishop Vaughan said':-"I look upon this dead weight of /what.1 may call Protestant public opinion against us as a great dillieulty, and ono wo should ^understand, and luco. Uow I will proceed róiio! atop further."' Look nt tho Anglican Church in this colony. It'ia the largest and, I suppose, tho most powerful by far of all tho Deno- minations. Thia new Education Hill strikes ft fur heavier blow at it than at us. And this its leaders know ; add yet, : lins'it not boon suffering from what doctora call " general debility " during thia crisis wo have, hoon passing ; through ?' How is it,that tho Anglicans have ; not inudo any way in opposing tho passing of the Public Instruction Dill? Look nero. Tho public mind reasoua, not like an educatod philo- sopher, but in its own peculiar way. I behove that this "debility " proceeds from » slight touch of what 1 may call tho Kornau fever. , True, thu head ofthat Church has periodically denounced thu Catholic Church anathematised it ns a conscientious duty, and I, on thc other hand, make no diaguiso that intellectually I regard tho Anglican system aa tho redutttlo ad ausurdmii of all that is illogical and untellable. Still, how doea tho public mind reason : It does nut look to worda much, or professions, or logical conclusions, it looks at broad facts os they He in its way, and aro spread out before its oyo. lt anya, " It is all very well talk- ing, but what is a bishop with metropolitan titles with cathedrals and canons mid vicars-general and deans and synods.und sacraments, and the rest ; is not thia something very liko 'Popery ?' lu point of fact, the heads of bot h those Chu relies are tarred with tho same brush I In . England some of tho parsons say mass and go to confession-who knows if some of them do not do thusniiienn thusly here? Thc public mind is in- clined to lank upon tho Anglican Church us " Popery " made easy, or " Humanism " reduced to a shadow. And aa thu Itritish public do not like the look even of tho ghost or shadow of " liouumisni," thoy come to tho conclusion that tho best thing is to do: away gradually-if it enmiot bo done speedily-with both substance and shadow. Of course, I may not read thu public mind aright, but 1 feel much inclined to believe that I am not very far from tho mark." 