WELSH FOLK-LORE. COXXZCTTKO folk-lore is a delicate task. Most people are shy of talking about what they aro a little osbamed of believing. Emile Souvestre in bis delightful t-'Oks about Brittany, and the' Marq <is of Ville marqué, indefatigable collector of Breton ball ds, both testifiy to the difficulty ot Rotting at the old tales. You are almoBt sure to freeze pe'pln into silence if they think you come us a collector and mean printing. To set their tongues going you must be really sympathetic, and they must feel that you aro. This if needful even in Ireland, whero a moro mixed moe. oftener brou/ht in contact with stranger-1, is readier at talking. In Ireland it ig about religious legends tt.at p- opie are most reti cent, till tney know you, and feel they can trust you. Go to Lough Derg, tho gloomy little lake in an unutte ably drem y swamp in Donegal, where is St. Patrick's purga tory,*so famous in the middle age , and, unless you bring credentials of some kind, you will lea n on tho spot ICBS than you can read in a guide-book. But the shyer W lehman will ten to one, declino to talk about legends of any kind until you bave found some way of opening his heart. Thia was aso Mr. F. Campbell's oxi ori enco in the West Highlands and islands, whero ho e llected those tales that ov> ry folk-lore Etudeot ought t i road. Hu found the lan ;nago a wond rful help. The m,n w o would be ehort and gruff with a Southron will change as if by magic, his whole face and manner when his greeting, "li's a fine day," is met with, . '. 1 ba n' l.tha bria-h" (tho d y is fine). "You have Gaelic ?" he exclaims. " You will take my excuse by your leave, but what part of the Gaeldom aro you from P" And thea follows a pleasant talk, and any story that the maa hai is readily told. Bu' sometimes Mr. Campbell found even MB G -elio insufficient. One o'd darna of over seveuty, known to bo so e possessor of several stories, when he used to try to bring the conversatio i round ' that way, woid . turn bim uside wita : " H»mb, my dear, the ure^eal (tale) is all non ense. God bless you 1 I knew your grandmother ; and her cousin used to look jua' as you do* now j" and so it took a wo k s coaxing to get all ber ursgeal out of the old woman. All honour, then, to'Mr. Wirt Sykes, United States Consul for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact aa we suppose the Ameri cana to be) felt sympathy, and convincod others that he felt it. He had a grand field in Wales. Among push romantic scenery old-world beliefs aiu sure to linger longest, but, as he says, you might live for years in Wales, and yet never learn any thing about the folk-lorrf unless you gc amongst the people, as bo t ok care to do, and show .them that you really think and feel with them, instead of lotting thom fancy you come aa a collector. Mr. Sikes has thoroughly worked South Wales, and Monmouthshire which is more Welsh than Wales i'solf ; and ho has worked, so to speak, sympathetically, for in many of the Welsh beliefs ho finds a curious parallel to tho spiritualism which is so rampant in his American homo. Ono is startled to find that among the mat'er of-faet Yankees, "in Cambridge, under the classic shadow of Harvard College,'' ii a houBe so badly haunted] tbat a tenant who ventured to take it in 1877 was aotually worried out of it. But of gbost-Btoiies there IB IOBB need to speak, SB they are the common property ol lbs human rsoe. There is nothing dis tinatly Welsh in a grand lady in high-heeled shoes with a long train of the finest silk stalking through the house, and setting ell the dogs barking, as Lady Stradling is said to do at St. Donal's Castle, by the Nash Point, whenever any misohief is about to befall tbe family. Nor is the following well-aolhec tioated tale about a eoion of a noble hoare peauliar to the principality : " Thomas Cadogan bad large estates, bat he was not satisfied, »nd WSB onoe tempted to shift bis neighbour's land-mark, the neigh bour being a poor widow who owned a small freehold. S'J utter his death Ondagsa bsd to walk thia earth, till at last he made bold to confront a woman, who happened, very late one evening, to bo crossing a stile on a very lonely path. She, forgetting for the moment both her grammar and iho faot that Cadogan waa dead, cried: 'Mr. Cadogan, what does yon bere this time o' night P' ' I waa obliged to come,* meekly replied the ghoBt; and then he instruoted her to'tell so-and-so to put baok the atones in order that he might have reel." . There ia an etbioal and utilitarian tone .bout thia whioh is sadly wanting in the fol lowing legend of the Uiver Ittieidol, near tbat well-known tourist's haunt, Haobyclleth. O-trin and David Goya were just married (1705), and lived in a shepherd's hut, ol wuioti many oan still point out the ruins. One day, coming back from market with a party of neigbbonis, ahe parted from them abont two miles from home and was never seen again. . A fearful storm oamo on, and a eorap of her red doak being lound on the edge of a quaking bug, it was believed she had tumbled in and been swallowed up. H-r husband went mad, the ootlage fell to rula, and to this day " Wbite Catii of the Grove Owm " ie dreaded as a malignant spirit who pushes people into the river or inveigles .hem into bottomleta morasses. Here we have a survival of the feeling whioh make« the Santal, in India, off-r a parting moal to the dead, acoompanyiog.it with tho words: " Now po away ; don't como near ns any more. We've been very good to you ; now stay away." Neither are the stories about fpectral animals distinctly WelBh, though they are extremely numerous amongot our Cambrian fellow BUbjeots. Tho dog-man's friend so invaluable to tho shepherd, ia naturally oredit-d with a life beyond the grave. " It is hard to look into that dog's eyes," said -a Welshman to Mr. Sikes, "and believe that he has not a bit of a soul to be saved." The ghostly dog, however, is usually the reverse of beneficent. Ooo of the most ptrriicent of Welsh legends is that of " the Dog of Darkness," with bis huge fiery eyes, which ls told in tho Mdbiaogion in almost tho very words in which " Mr. David ' Brewster, of Pembrokeshire, a religious man, and free from fear and superttition," described what " befel him on Coet Moor as he was passing tho huge upright etonoa : called ' the Devil's Nags.' He was Eeized and thrown over a hedge. But being, os ive said, ' far from superstition,' he went next day, taking with him a strong fight ing mastiff. When he carno by ' the Devil's Nags,' he saw a dog more terrible than tongue can tell. In vain he set his dog at it; tbe huge beast crouched frightened at bia master's feet. Even then brave David was not dismayed, but took np a stone to fling at the uncanny creaturo; but Buddealy a circle of fire, lighting up the gloom, showed tho whito snip down tho dog's nose, and his grinning teeth and white tail, all whioh eigns marked bim out as ono of ' the doge of-bell' (Own Annwn)." " The wild huntsman as a personage," Mr. Sikes telU us, "has quito dropped out nf modern belief ia Wales;" which ie strange, because besides haunting Windsor Forest he is well known in Cornwall, eome times (as near Bodtnin) mixed np with tho Arthur legends and the tales about tho evil spirit Tregeagle sometimes, os near tho Lizard, identified with an oppressive steward of the Bobarteeea. Henderson, io _hia "Folklore of tho Northern Border," suggests that this myth of tho "grand veneur* may havo come from the strange orie>, not unlike tho yelping of a pack of bound«, uttered by wildfowl on their pos tage northward. Hat though the demon hunt ia wanting, aha headless boree aa a death-omen (sometime" drawing: a bea or a coach) ia found in Wales, aa it le Devons' ire and in Hurst Wood, near Ti bridgo Wells. Horcos moreover, are h to fce specially gifted with the power of c corning spirits, a be ief which you rr. think duo to their habit of Bbyiog in t dark at anything white, or (if you i transcendentally pbi'og >phical) to " I horse's eye being able to receive - image which the human- retina fails accept." Ia Wales phantom horsemen have bet work to do than to hunt all night witt pack of demon hounds. Here is ¿n instai lecorded by the Kev. John Jones, Holywell, in Flint, a preacher of et': ordinary power, ronowned and re-p^cl throughout Walt-B We may mention tl Weleb appirition* are usual y vouched by pious men. Thus tho great author for Monmou'h is Edmund Jones, also tumo is preacher, oalled ihn Prophet, w in 1813 published a book on the Bu'j d- flouncing all sceptic* as Sidducees a infidels. lu the West Highlands, on t contrary, the kirk, though powerless açaii whisky drinking, haa, Mr. Campbell sa; <mdy dee'roy^d people's interest in t old legends. Edmund Jones even foo authority from the twelfth chapter of ; .Mot! hew, forty-third verse, for fairi '. T'-e fairy rings are in dry places, and t Seri) ture Baith that the walk of eviUpir is in dry pl'-i'irs." But to ro'uru to Jo Jones, of Holpwell. A* thi< piom ma after preaching at Bala, was riding Miohjnlleth, be was aware tbat he ?« o^ing digged by a mord.-rous-lonking m carrying a Bickle. He rememhe.el nave noticed this man at an inn "hi he bod pulled out hia watch and shown purse. ? "The man meana to rib, perbi tn irder me," th .ugh' ho as be marked b skulking under tho hed<e. Ho could ? ttku BO ross ooun'rr, for the road was sn behind high banks. Should he tura b ic "fa despair, rather than in a Bpirit humble trust and con fl l«nce," he says, 1 bowed my head, an 1 was silently pray ii when*my hors', growing impitwnti starl off.' I clutched at the reins, but ina'an let them full upon his neck ; for,.lo 1 at i aide lb-held a dark- clid horeoman on white ete-d. I at once spoke to him, t ne made no answer, g ming Intently a' gita some distance abend. I looked a saw the reaper dart out fron his hidn place, sheathe his siokle, and hurry an over a field. I again accosted my co panton both in Welsh and English, but wu* sp^eoh'esp, eave.tbaV I thought said'Amoa' to a piou-i remark. Sadiei he was gone, but whither ? for he co not have leapt the banks, and I am pure did not past through the gate." Clea the mysterious horseman was sent Providence to save the preacher fri danger. As in Chinese Folk-lore, a whole set ghost stories turns oa the restitution of ; «oiten coo Ja. Buried hoards, too, him the pence of thoro who made them. 1 Ogmore, in Glamorgan, is a f ivourile ri' for hoirded money to be thrown into. 1 ghost haunts someone till he or she porauadud to soarch fur the hoard, and tl fling it honestly into the etream. A mise housekeeper in Sc. Donats-owm was worried by her master's ghost, that, ta ( rid of him, the Methodists resolved to h< a prayer-meeting ia the house. While tb were ia tho thick of it, she suddenly spca np crying : " There he is, there ho is Af ter a dead silenoe some bold per? ventured to Bay : "Ask it what it wants She.did so; and, U^Mfe no one heard t reply, the womari^naV>Woted by the gho rushed to the chimney, thrust up her ar and drew down a bag of money. " I me go, let mo gol" she Borer.med; ar startin? out ah the door, was Been to ski without touching it, over a stile aud aw to the Ogmore. After an hour she cac back, bedraggled with wet and bespatter with mud. " I've been down to the river sail she, " and have thrown tho money in and the ghost to ik bis hat off, and ma a low bow, and vanished. Methodism, however, is sot the mo powerful exorciser. The ohurch olerg though their otber ministrations may litrla valued, aro still held to be the best ridding a place of ghosts, and the exoroi» is doubled in efficacy if it bo pronounce in LaMn. No Welsh ghost is recorded have turned the tables on tho exorcise after the fashion of that Chinese «host wi drove out the Taotnist priest, inoense-pot joss-sticks, and all; but sometimes a stu born ghost will not obey tho beboBt of single olergyman. A triple-parson powe however, will master any spirit that ev walked. As in West Connaught, the hare i several par's of Wales is either psored < uncanny. When there is a witch in tl neighbourhood she is sure to go aboi ia the form of a hare. At _ Llangynoj in Montgomery, the superstition takes singularly beautiful form. Here har« are called Si. MelansreU'a lamba, the etor being that MeUngell (MonacelU), daughtc of an Irish k ng, took a vow of oelibac and fled from her father's court to th wilds of Montgomery to avoid marriage Hore the Prince of Powys, hare-huntin one day, was astonmied to see tbe gam run undor tho robe of a beautiful virgi who waa kneeling in prayer. The dog stood howling at a dlbtince, tho hunt: mao's horn stuck to his lips. The princ gave ber a parcel of land to bo a sanctuar; for all cimerJ. There you oan Bee her bei ia the cleft of a rock, and in tho oburoh i a rude wooden carving representing man; hares scuttling to ber for -protection. Til lately no one in that parish would kill i hare; and all believed that if, meeting1! haro huntod by dogs, you oriod, " God am St. Melanien be with you," it waa sure ti escape. It is interesting to remember tha Ceosar says the old Britons thought it ai unholy thing to eat the bare; but tboi they al-io abstained from the goose, abou eating which none of their modern de scandant B have any scruples. . More distinctively Welsh are the storie about the TyIwyth Teg-i.e., "fair folk,' aa Irish fairies are always dubbed "gooc people," as the Greeks called the fairiei " the gracious ones" (Eumenides), as Sit W.Saott tells ua the Highlanders took oí their hats to tbe gibbet, and called it " th« kind gallows," and as. Laplanders speak oi tho bear as " the old gentleman in the fm ooat." Some, instead of seeing in " fair" a. deprecatory or euphemistic epithet, take it literally, and connect tho fairies with in vaders frotn Ireland, " Piata nnd SootB," small parties of whom were left when the rest were driven out. These, living in fear of their lives, used to send out their children at night, fantastically dressed, for food and exercise. This theory is seriously put forth by Bev. Peter Roberts, author of Collectanea Cámbrica ; his alternative theory being that tbe fairies were those who still adhered to the Druidic faith, and therefore had to keep in hiding from their Christian persecutors. No doubt outlaws sometimes tried to invest themselves with supernatural attributes; thus the Pwca (Puck) at tho farm of Trwyn, lu th« atrangely-named Parish of Mynyddyalwyn, was "yr Arglwydd Hywel"-i.e., Lord Howel, prosoribod by tho English, and concealed by his tenantry. He hid daring the day in a room contrived between twp floors, like those in which Roman prloB» were concealed in Elizabeth's time. Some times ho used to join In the talk that went on in tho living-room below. For in stance, when tho servants were comparing hands, as to whiteness and sire, a gentle voi'ia saids "the Pwaa's hand is tho fairest and smallest." They bravely asked it to show ila hand, and through a ohink in the ceiling a hand waa thrust down, «mall, fair, and delicately formad, with a large gold ring on aha little finger. So, again, ? tat ol j marauder» who, iq the lUtatnth century, .Ter« tba terror ot Merioneth, gava ont tbat they ware fairies. They lived in dana in tbe ground, had fiery red hair, and fed on ttolen sheep. At last Lord O «en gathered a troop, and soon proved that the red fairlea were flesh and biood by defeating them, and hang, ing a hoodrad of bia prieonera. He spared the women, one of whom begged hard for her eon's lit«. Owen spamed her away whereupon ehe opened ber breast und shrieked : " This breast ba: nnreed other eons who will yet wash their flanda in tby blood." Not long after, the fairy woman's remaining eons way/aid Lord Owen at a certain gate, called to this day Iilidart y Barwn (Baron's gate), in OemmaeB parish, slew him, and washed their hands in his blood. Prophet Jones's theory is this : " The fairies are the Boals of heathens and others who lived witbont having heard the means of grace, and who, therefore, do not deserve to severe a punishment BB bad Christians." " Tbe reason why they are so numerous and aaiive in Wales is that, in the eighth and ninth oenlnries, the Welsh lost the light of trne Christianity and reoeived Pjpery instead. This enabled the fairies to be bolder, and more intrusive ; and then, in Henry the Fourth's time, the hard laws whioh hindered the Welsh from educating their obildren, brought a total darkoecs on them, and BO left them helpless against snob beings. These laws were jnaoted attar O «en Glen dwyr had failed, foolishly thinking bis nation oould shake off the Saxon yoke before it had repented of its sins " To be concluded in our next. 