ENTERTAINMENTS, DRAMATIC, &c.; The splendid tragedy of Richard III—im proved (save the mark!) almost out of recog nition, as it has been to suit modern tastes for the sensational, was presented on Saturday night at the Theatre Royat, with Fairclough in the title role to a crowded house. Out, cur tailed, and altered from its fair proportions, the tragedy as offered on the stage is sensational to a degree and faily fitted to bring down the gads. Even the beautiful passages imported into it from Henry V. are so disfigured that they lose their lustre. Richmond favours his hearers with a garbled version of the gallant Harry's stirring address to his soldiers before Harfleor, beginning " Once more into the breach, good friends," and Gloster follows suit with a smack of soliloquy from the same sourc». Nevertheless Richard III was played on Saturday night in a way that gained upon the audience and woke the sympathies of oneandall. Speakiag candidly, we do not quite like Mr. Fairolongh's Gloster, cleverly though the conception is carried out. His make up is alike inconsistent with pre conceived notions of the tyrant and his own words. Moreover, there is jnst a savour of Othello's smooth and crafty Ancient in it. Is slightly shocks onr nice sense of tli i fitcess of things to see a small compact fignre cf a man with the firm setting up of the soldier, and the iron visage of a hero of a hundred hardships coming forward to inform his anditory, that he is " not shaped for sportive tricks. Nor made to court an amorous looking-glass and exclaiming, "I that am rudely stamped, and want love's majesty ***** * * * Deformed, unfinished, sent before my time Into this breathing world, scarce half made up, And that so lamely and unfashionable, That dogs bark at me as I halt them by." In his acting Mr. Fairclough makes the character as striking and as full of dark deep shades of craft and unscrapnlons ambition as the moat critical student of G taster's history could wish. He is in turn the bol i uascru pnlons tyrant, who hesitates not a moment to wade through streams of blood towards where the crown glistens before his lusting eyes; the tendei wooer, whose lips drop honeyed flattery; the crafty courtier, who plays with the men he uses bnt to [cast aside, and the sanctimonious hypocrite, gulling the shallow citizens with holy words. Mr. [Fairclough was at his best when ^playing the parte of the crafty doable dealing schemer and the bold yet eloquent suitor; in hie passionate moods he was occa sionally rather too demonstrative, especially after the dream when the ghosts of the murdered princes hannt his coach. The famous soliloquy beginning "Now is the winter of our dis content," was delivered with consummate art, and in his subsequent conduct, with a few exceptions, Fairclough cleverly conveyed the impression'of the tyrant's frightful, cold, cruelty of heart and unscrupulous nature. He left the tyrant without a redeeming quality as Shakes peare depicts him. In his sarcastic fooling of the worthy Lord Mayor of London and the simple citizens,'his acting was a fine study, and in the scene later on, when he casts off hie tool Buckingham, his hard demeanour was well assumed. Mr. Fairclough evidently seeks to show the deformities of the mind in Gloster rather than the deficiences of the body, and his standard is consequently higher than that of most actors essaying the character, but his departure from the orthodox presentment is somewhat too wide to please the generality of playgoers who pretend to mature judgment. The popular performer was several times called before the cuptash to receive the acknowledg ments of the spectators. The unhappy Henry VI. found a deplorable exponent of his woes in Mr. Arthur Elliot, who wept copiously and almost boohoo'd in his desire to depict the sorrows of the monarch. Mr. Herbert Fleming, who took the part of the notoriously extrava gant Buckingham, dressed richly and in good taste, and played very well, striking a happy medium between tameness and passion. The rfile was a difficult one to undertake, and he carried it out creditably. Mr, Frank Forbes was too stiff and stagey in his movements or his Cateeby would have been a fair performance. Mr. Edwin Palmer was very dismal as Lord Stanley, and mouthed the few words that noble man had to utter in a melancholy fashion. Mr. F. Thorne appeared as the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Neil O'Brien as the Duke of Norfolk, Mr. Walter Oarle as Tyrrell, and Mr. H&warde; as the Earl of Oxford. Mr. W. J. Holloway made a fine manly Bichmond, and played with good judgment throughout. Miss Essie Jenyns as young Edward was graceful as well as natnral. Little Ethel as the little Duke of York was charming and very collected for one so young. Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner gave a good average rendering of the role of Elizabeth wife of Edward IT., and Miss Kate Ardea was a stately Duchess of York. The Lady Anne of Miss Mayor was fair. The rest of the per formers bore themselves well, and the scenery frno nrHstiR. Tuesday and Wednesdav niehts Richard III. was repeated to good audiences. On "Wednesday night His Excellency the Governor was present, when Philip Massinger's extraordinary play, "A New Way to Pay Old Debts," was performed to a very fair house. This Bplendid satire upon vice and worldliness is comparatively familiar to Ade laide playgoers, and the' plot need, therefore, not be more than indicated. Mr. Fairclough appeared as that wild, ruthless, grasping, half madman, Sir Giles Overreach—a character in which the vilest greed for gold, the cruellest contempt for human tenderness or virtue, the hardest cruelty, the reatest brutalitv. and the most fawning servility are blended into one fearful being. The impersonation is not one in which the talented tragedian appears to ad vantage, and we would much rather see him in some role where he can more completely lose his individuality, and not remind us of certain characters he is greater in. Mr. Fairclough was good in his sudden transi tions from bursts of frenzied rage or loud de nunciations of the virtue he disbelieved in, to fawning smoothness, when he came in contact with Lord Lovel, to whom he wished to wed his ( daughter; but bis outbursts sometimes bordered very closely on rant, and once or twice, when raging about his daughter, he brought to mind his own Shjlock. In his more subdued mo ments, especially when he discloses the depth of his coldblooded unscrupulous nature to Hard Lovel, and cringes to him whose rank he adores withallthe lowbred instincts of his coarse nature, Sir Giles Overreach was more in accordance with what one imagines the author's creation j to be, than in the tearing of passion to tatters which the bullying knight was too frequently j made to display. Of course Sir Giles is sud posedto be a half madman, or, at least, a man given to mad rage, but he was not a raving lunatic. He is properly a bass, fearfutly passionate, and wholly relentless, grasping, fawning villain, and such Mr. Fairclough made him, and not a little more. He was admirable in his scenes with Lord Lovel, and very effective in the closing act when he finds himself foiled on every side; bis wronged, despised, and de graded nephew righted; his daughter, whom he expected and schemed to be a real lord's wife, married to the nobleman's gentleman; the cring mg tool be worked witb tamed against btni; and bis hopes on all sides baffled. Nevertheless, we repeat we do not altogether like Mr. Fairclough in the character. Mr. W. J. Hollo way acted the part of the nephew Well-born well, bat dressed him in too ridicalous rags even for that very decayed spendthrift. Mr. Herbert Fleming as Lord Lovel was dignified. Mr. Fred Thorne, as the gormandizing Justice Greedy, created considerable amusement; and Mr. E. Palmer as the cringing, knavish Marrall was less himself, and consequently more satisfactory than usual. Miss Annie Mayor made a graceful Margaret Overreach, and Miss Watt-Tanner an effective Lady Allworth. The remaining characters sup ported the principals with credit to themselves and satisfaction to the audience. "Musio h&th; such charms," apparently for the Adelaide publie, that wind and weather waste their deterrent powers in vain wheu good programmes are promised-, consequently the populsr concerts in the Town Hall continue to attract' large crowds. Last Saturday's concert was the concluding one of the first series, and was an admirable one. There was a capital audience, and every piece gave great satisfaction judging by the frequent applause. Mr. George Ougbton acted as conductor and socompaoist. The Military Band won applauss by their admirable playing, and the vocal as well as instrumental part of the programme gave un qualified pleasure. The Academy of Music has been the arena for athletic exhibitions, boxing displays, and tumb ling feats. Considering the weather the attendances have been good. The famous boxer, Mr. Mace, Professor Miller, an athlete who seems to be an adept in all manly exercises, and Mr. J. M. Christie have been the principal performers, and vocal contributions by Messrs Campbell, Glover, Wallace, and Brown, in addition to the agile tumbling feats of one Hadji Hamo filled np the measure of what was held to be a pretty good entertainment of ita class; begun on Thursday and repeated on Friday and Saturday. There was a very good attendance at the Academy of Music on Tuesday evening, August 10\. for the furtherance of a benevolent object. The Mohawk Minstrels gave an entertainment for the benefit of the family of a deceased ex railway porter named Nolan. Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., Mayor of Adelaide, attended. The enter tainment was an amusing one, of the Ohristy Minstrel class, and both the vocal and instru mental performances were good. 