MONDAY, OCTOBER 18,1880. THERE is one portion of the statistics which shows the progress of the colony, which, although not without a certain interest, is otherwise than an agreeable study. For- innately for South Australia she has always enjoyed a special protection against the influx of criminals, and she cannot complain of possessing a huge criminal population. Small as it is considering the resources of the colony, it is mach more than it ought to be, bat still not snffirfentlj great to cause any alarm. In the year 1879 no less than 11,785 persons were brought before the niagi?trates. In the preced ing- year the number was 12,708, so that there is a falling off of 923. Of the total number who were charged 3,840 persons were accused of drunkenness. Tnu shows a falling off of 326. The pro portion to the population is 1.70 per cent. The actual number, however, is much less, because tbe grand total includes persons : who are habitual drunkards, and who have I been charged over and over again. The number of common assaults shows a de crease of 123 as compared with 1878, the cases being €94 against 817. Breaches of the Corporation Act fell from 642 to 435, but offences against the Wilful Damage Act wcreased from 139 to 149, and the cases brought before the magistrates under the Destitute Persons Belief Act were 145 against 136 in 1878. The convictions under the Dog Act were 520 against 120, and under the Licensed jVic taallers Acts 439 against 530 in the year previous. 318 persons were convicted under the Lights on Vehicles Act, against 399 in 1878. The cases of lunacy were 98 against 132, and for the maintenance of deserted wires 183 against 160\. Tbe cases under the Masters and Servants Act amounted to 326, showing a decrease of 60 in the year. The convic tions under tbe Police Act were 3,633, being 538 less than in 1878; and under the Meickant Skipping Act 144, or 17 less than in the previous year. The cases decided under the Sureties of the Peace Act were 118, or 9 4 more than in 1878j and 87 under the Width of Tires Act against 103\. It will be seen from these figures that the great bulk of the cases which occupied the attention of the magistrates were of a trivial nature, and were for breaches of statutes that did not relate to offences of an essentially criminal nature. It is to be regretted that the tables do not enable us to compare the figures for mors than two years back, for it would be highly interesting if we could see what our coi—ition has been for tbe last ten years. The absence of this information prevents us frem making a fair comparison with the criminal statistics of the neighboring colonies. The statistics of drunkenness however have been given from tie year 1870. In that year 1,562 persons were convicted of this offence. The number fell off considerably in 71, '72, and 73. In 1874 there was a considerable increase, whkh continued to grow until 1878, when it reached the large number of 4,114. Last year, however, as has been shown, there has been a very buge decrease, which it is to be earnestly hoped may be maintained during the present year. It is a remarkable fact that in this colony when times are good anil employment abundant drunkenness shows a tendency to decrease, and that hard times and scarcity of money seem to bring about the opposite result, but in the old country the reverse is the fact. The number of convictions in the Supreme Court for serious offences, that is of felonies, was 130 against 158 iv the preceding year. The proportion to the population was 0-050 per cent. Ten years back the number was 91\. The percentage ot crime to the popu • lstion, however, shows but an irjsignificant inOTtSee, the rate in that year being 0049. Thtre was a blight, failing off iv misde | irea?ouT?, the numbers being 196 against 207 in 1878, 3_e proportion to the popo latum was 0076 par cent in 1670/tha number WMII7, or 0053 per cent of tbe populs—on. There, was a remai__bi—t decrease in the crime of forgery, only 15 persons being convicted against 25 in the year previous; and tbere were 15 convictions for larceny, against 24 in 1878. Tbe esses of horse steeling increased bom 4 to 11, and lar cenies by servants from 4 to 8. Convictions for stealing from a dwelling-house to tbe value of £5 decreased from 17 to fl. Assaults on the police increased from 4 to) 12, and aggravated assaults from 10 to IS. One case only of attempted rape is recorded, and indecent assaults declined from 11 to 8. Tbe convictions for obtaining money under else pretences were 17 against 8 in 1878 nd for --lawfully wounding 10 -gainst L be total of misdemeanors is given as 66 a gahLrt 49m 1878;offerKee against the person .felonies), 23 against 24; and offences against property (also felonies), 130 apainst 58\. Upon the whole the tables relating o crime afford substantial grounds for con ratulation. Our criminal population is xceedingly small, and crimes of a very heinous nature comparatively rare. The cases which are brought before tbe Civil Courts afford a tolerably correct gauge of the prosperity of a country. If we are to estimate tbe state of the colony by this standard, it is evident tbat 1879 wss a year of considerable financial pressure. Ins number of sunmumses issued from the different Local Courts amounted to no less than 20,105. In 1877 thsy were 13,304 ;ji, 1678,13,780. The amount of the c___ sued for was -224,730. -In 1877 it was £142,833, and ia 1878 £164,720. five amount of judgments given after healing was -36,261, against £27,848 in 1878 aad £43,908 in 1877. it is noted bowsver. tJtutt these siims do not *^ t_ whole amount recovered through tbe agency of these courts as _ large proportion of the claims are settled out of court after ins issue of the anmmrm?. The time-honored custom of having esses heard by juries seems to be very little in favor amongst South Aus-aliaa litigants, since it appears that out of more, than 20,000 cases litigated no more than 24 were tried by juries. The figures prove beyond doubt tbat the J-ocsl Cour t cyst__6i>B__t_ln_My in favor wi the public. As a rule the cases which are determined by ibagistzates in Local Co_rts involve mora questions of fact than of law* and tun mainly on matters of account. Why the taneficial operations of'these courts should be stopped at the limit of - £100 has never been explained. In one point the tables before us are defective* Tbey afford no information as to tbe cost at which moneys are recovered in tbe Local Courts. There is no eubt tbat a very considerable revenue i deeired tromtbem, and it would be worth. while to see bow far this is in excess of or below their cost, and whether ox not the charges might reasonably be reduced. In the Insolvency Court tbere was a very large increase of business in 1879, the num ber of adjudications basing sprung from 133 to 299. Of these 166 were on tae debtors' own petitions, and 157 in forma pauperis. The sum rrf matfjwwral lialrili „WI ~ as set down in the insolvents' sr_sdules was £174,947 2s. 8i; the assets figure as £103,3232- 2d.; the dflfi„encie?as_7l,62_ The total amount paid into tbe Treasury was £2,866 Is. 84., of which £1,933 6s. 6d. were fees of Court; £587 16s. 2d. was commission on estates, and £360 interest on mvestmants in Government securities. In the Supreme Court tbere were issued 858 writs, but only 58 actions were entered for trial. The amount recovered was £44,605. There were 9 summonses and 21 petitions in equity, bat what became of them the tables do not show. Tbe number of probates of wills taken out and letters of admimstration with will annexed was 292, and the amemnt sworn to £563,264. nearly double what it bad been in 1878. The number of letters of s^inistration was 188, and the sum Bwom to £98^05. There were 25 matrimonial esses disposed of, but how tbe tables do not show. Tbere were only three special esses and appeals from tbe In solvency Court, and nine from the Local Court. The number of prisoners received into the different gaols in the pro vince during 1879 was 2,154, of whom 227 were debtors, and 7 of them females. Of the prisoners not debtors 192 bad been convicted once before, 173 twice before, and 427 three ox more times. The sentences passed for breaches of prison discipline were 118, on account of which 70 males and 48 females were sent into soli tary confinement, and 6 males were eub jtcted to other punishments. The total number committed to the Adelaide Gaol 1: st year was 1,586 males und 394 females, nearly double what it was in 1870, and of these 473 males and 269 females had been convicted before. The greatest number in the gaol at one time was 206 males and 78 females. At the Yatala Labor Prison 160 persons were received in 1869, of whom 19 had been previously convicted. The greatest number in the prison at one time was 260, and tbere remained in gaol in Adelaide on December 31 of last year 156 prisoners, and at the Yatala prison 252. The religions of the prisoners in the Yatala prison are given as follows:—Church of England, 151. Presbyterians,2l; Lutherans, 15; Wesleyans' 16; Independents, 3; Baptists, 2; other Protestants, 6; Roman CatholicB,34; Jews, 1; Pagans, 1; other persuasions, 2; of no religion, 1. The number ef inquests held on deceased persons in 1879 was 177, and on fires 65, making 242 in all. It is grati fying to observe that the years records showed a decrease of crime, and it is to be hoped that tbe close of the current year will not find the colony in a worse position than tbat which it held at the close of 1879. The saying that dxcu-j-tances alter cases is conspicuouely verified by the treatment which rabbits are at present receiving iv these colonies and in England. That inte resting little rodent, which as boys we used to keep in hutches and feed with clover and dandelion, becomes an unmiti gated nuisance when it multiplies and re plenishes the earth unchecked. A writer in o^ambers, Journal three years ago calcu lated that, "let alone, there will spring from a single pair through successive genera tions in one year as many as sixty thousand;'* and speaking of Australia he added,**it teems incomprehensible how any one could, have introduced the animal there. Thj_ ::ct was one of those unwise things which we see done by leedless though weU-mea&ing; people* Some half-mad fKotebxLtan, tMnting of the Mjtjnmal '-mTiTprn,intrftfinfiftd the thistle, wua_'wM-'ilAwin_e_ -seeds is bad __3t^ludi?tai)flujsg so'laid/ar so wi—rjectas has wen the^ iirtro^lLUStton of, one or two pairs of rabbit-" Itis so far fort_nate; however, that; _ th_ eploijy bar rulers re ■oognise the evil, j and we ba-e no party in die St.tte to'plead-for the protection of the troublittume pest 'Last week Par—aimeat TOted £15,000 for Klling rabbits oa Crowd lands, and the author—iesare not only will* dug but insist thai occupiers should destroy them on their own holdings, by whatsoever means they may " find most" effec tive. In England, on the contrary, a very considerable portion of ths last session was spent iv attempting to resist the Government proposals to give farmers the privilege of shooting hares and rabbits on their own farms. The conies are a feeble folk, but they have potent friends iv British landowners and legis lators. Farmers at home, as here, find their multinlication a cause of loss to them* «elves; economists show that it is a loss to he country at large. In some counties, and on some estates, game preserving -is <_ried to a far greater pilch than others, bat everywhere the -cry of the farmer is that his Vx^~are mjured ;to an'uiidue -extent by swarms of wild' creatures wnich tte law" calls' game, "and i -sh-ch GbTOEnmehi not only refuses to help them to destroy, but would punish them severely if they lifted up utj—censed hands to eboot even at titor own doors. The lan—lords T_maily reserve the game, .l^round s^ -Ringed,'for ihs o t_es??j4m and their friends, and not for m^H(_K> wit for profit also; for they let the,shootings independently of the farm, and -seU the. game which has grown and fattened on the tenants' crops. In this wiyi^besides diminishing the food supplies ■aadtfae farmers'^ profits, tbey get a double renV out of'-the land, or, as It wastornV daring tiie debate, "the landlord lets a _« to tbe tavrmer for .the purpose of :rea_ng crops _r —Beading cattle, s~ii_ •Tsry i-g_.T_ay.jsts it again jfr_ a-purpose: whiichuabsrdutelydAatrndiye of tne first The loss fai the farmer by- excessive • Reservation bf 'ground .game' has been a -long Standing ciwise of complaint, an_, not good-iw*)-■■'■ A re_shle witnea? betqre llr. Bt^ghVs, committee on the GnmLmW?bmii&aiibMt; in one year 2^oo ixSras h_>eea'_jirad i_ h_ neigbhorhood, of a)hic)L^ CMisibn^ hB-mrTTfaWi,iuri ihatninlimw r>j_i~it t t r* A-f~~i• alone on two farms could not be less than —1,000. Die same gsntlsmao declared that .ff his landlord were to asklfaim te keep fire • hares mmang about bis • tern, or one sheep .penned up and fed for bim, he would j__mtaly piefer the latter alternative, and lie thought there was not one farmer in two hundred hot would do the same. Now as in England five hares -would not bring much more than half of the price of a good sheep, and not jyidd a third of the food matemls, the loss to the farm^arld the food confiunfflr is very palpable. Z-ese creatures so protected not onlydea—Tjya _.eaeiito of the eartlre produce out of —0 propMlion to" their real 'value, but, in order -ta provide 4bm with —laalter and feedj^^p6&Be;^e~*B^^ portion o^ the soil bt _kekt: Britain is alienated trom-i— proper uss tk _sing food 4or nun. The.present Government have mndnttakan to deal Sri—t tbm matter, but .]_* having bol_W or strength enoign to tachjatise whole q-_^nof t^j^anmLaws,' y li-A —tast soener or later be d&e;—wed, -the^~x~T*;&k;?niip oneya-d the; easiest, -olv-iou —t .ths:_subject; and.: leaving in -hemeantithe.have produced yhw*Barma?il RahbUs BuV' to regulate the j-esfna^^ttT-r.* A ri tYtnirdSaTd'hy the afoine on its BTrstirea£ag, the -Bin proposed that evmy^orieapi-r r-should, bs incident to, and -4awjng;hia flctmpstioa." have a right by Irinuinif, or jtarough persons properly em- Lnh^yed^Mm, to'destroy the grbuud game j -wjaaaaa_d,aat— person not being entitled to direst It—oaolf of the right or to delegate it, bat pi fnmiriseitcoi~!«rrairtly w—h and not to the e-dasion of any person entitled to JnTl?trfih ground game. Any document, written or printed, whereby the occupier of land divested himself of the right te kill ground game would be void in law, and of coarse the extraordinary penal—es imposed Jry the Game Act of 1831 on tenants killing game on their holdings would be repealed. The Bill thus only professed to legalise what is already done by private contract on many estates, i __t it makes the arrangement -niveraal instead of partial, and compulsory instead j of optionaL The principle of the Bill is ] .'thatthe right to destroy animals which prey on the crops should be an inseparable __ident of the occupation of the soil." To make that a matter of privilege or purchase contingent on private arrangement would be to to defeat ithe purpose; for the experi ence of the Agricul[total Bloldiags Act dhows bqafew&Lj; parties can contract out -of optional legislation, aad. how invariably the 'weskeet that is the - tenaat-- _j-?t go to the ;' walL The f^mservative party hare been sorely exercised in their .___ds how to deal with this measure. They do not like it, for it strikes a blow at lanalords' exclnsiveness; they could hardly muster courage utterly to oppose it, for theyfirofees to be the tsrmers' friends, .and this is Tindoubtodly a fsrmer's grievanoe. At vsrious stages of the Bill there was a gneriOa wsrfare, sustained principally by t_e small knot of young Ctina^rratiyes i —rho have sprang into notoriety as the \- fourth party,1" the abject of which was to oDstJuct, and as far as possible to render nugatory the measure. Prexaous time was wasted on a -'diamai. swsanp of minor amt-dments." Forexiun^ina?iU which referred to hares and rsbbits ordy, one member made a long speech about the sale of *8&h; others proposed to allow farmers to d>stxoy- ground game by ** netting, scaling, or tjerxeting," but to prohibit them from using guns as their own .forms, and when defeated in this went on to suggest that the njmber of guns should he limited. Others proposed to forbid the use of poison, snd others to limit the time of year during which.haras aad i_3^ cm^d be d9sta-oy«d by the farmer-—to rsake a close time in fact st the season whea these anizpals were : most proanc and most dangereus to the ' yo??geheotov A^WJ fh*u?]^ objection wss raised to the raesniire'on the grof_^lthstlt inter frjredf "with fzeedp^ 'of .^tissct; sn'ii tbose who dreaded and disliked,. aad yet were afraid to rtject the Bill, pitied round a motion of Mr, Brand's, Ihat while acknowledging to aosneexte—: the evil' tMrnpainbd of, ?it is not expedi ent toreirtrict or interfere with the freedom ohx-tnetbeteraen independent persons of full age and under no legal disabilities, nor with the. use and engagement of land as they may agree." Now, freedom of con tract is a very good principle, and in earlier days was far too little regarded. As Lord Gray points out in a letter to the 2Vme>, the Parliaments of old undertook to settle what wages should be given for different hinds of labor, what prices should be paid for most articles of cons umn, tion, what kinds of dress men of different ranks should wear, and a host of other petty and irritating details. The more enlightened principle of political economy which now prevails is that which gives men "almost unlimited freedom of action in pursuing their several occupations and in making agreements with each other.'' Almost, bat not altogether; and this is jus one of the cases where the law may justifi ably interfere with this freedom of contract. The principle hss been set aside by Parlia ment in the usury laws, in the shipping laws, in the factory laws, and in other cases where the contracting parties could not he on equal footing, and farmers can hardly be considered independent and free in making co-tracts with landlords. Moreover there is a third element which in cases of th_ kind Triust be considered, and that Is the jjuKlie good. Tins is the ground the Government topk up. They contended that not only woald the Bill tend to sap press poaching by giving farmers who oared for sport a direct interest in watching the land; not only would it allow "each farmer to choose for himself whether Jie would preserve moderately for the sake of sport, or cultivate assiduously for the sake of gain. It would also save a waste of food and enable the farmer to grow more wool and mutton for the public, as wall as his own benefit, —was state-by Mr. Clare Bead, no mean authority upon sTich matters, that in' the County of Norfolk alone 40,000 additional sheep might be fed if the ground game was reduced within reason* able limits. This is. an important nutter to Britain, which is obliged to look abroad for half of her bread supplies, lot landlord 9 exalt their privileges as they may, the -pnblic good must not be ssi-iuced to their private gain. Every member of tile hutnsh ! family has an interest in tho proper employ ment of the soil, and a right to contend ihat unduly large of it are noteyate maticaUy devoted to purposes which seriously curtail the extent of its produc tiveness, and thereby diminish the quantity of food materials available for the econo mical support of mankind. The R.WLS. Siam with the home mails arrived fiem Melbourne about IL3O am. on Sanday, October 17, and left oo tea evening ot the same day. Sir WUliamltob—eonanAlaady. Robinson were passengers by the steamer for Western Australia. The BJLS. Malwa, from Galle, passed Cape Borda at 11—5 on ftonday evening. We regret to learn by telegram that a sad accident by which three men lost their lives has occnned near Kapnnda, It eppearsfaom the news to hsnd that three men named John Stanton, PluTip laogera,aiidThnmsaJL/yo_? in a van attempted to cross Allen's Creak, which waa greatly swollen by resent rains, end that the Btream washed the van off the ford, the resn—bemg that the three men were drowned. The unfortunate Yellows wsse in the employ of Mr FnthaTTngham, the brewer, end two have left Ismi?s?, while the ether wm en the point ot setting marrieA Two of the bodies have -been reoovered, and an inquest is to be held t0 ... Afx. Councillor Caterer has acceded to t—errairjeat madetohim by she eo—ast—_s of the—warn of «—"-"_*"■ end Norwood So a——d lor the position of mayor of thst moaisipality. Out of eight tenders received by the Council of the town of —ensington and Hor ' weed for tbe savvey of the town that of Mr. W. QnmmingsliM been eeeepto— The lag guns at Fort Glanviile were nrad fartbesesond _o_ meat—day afternoon, Oeteber 16. wish great aucsess. Miaemoelleaey 6—-Wss. Jervois wm present, aad there were about 500 spec—tors outside Urn battery, A young man named Caleb, Figg was admitted into tbe Adelaide Hospital on Bator day, Oetob—loVs->_a^ng—ommj—ass as—Md try a van passing over hie body. A boy named B—hard atoyle, who had his head cat aod wm otherwise hurt through a bone which be wm leading stumbling and falling on hlra, wm also ad_ntted. A baggy accident occurred near the Alma notel, fHepney. on Sunday afternoon, October 17. Mr. Thomas Crocker end a young man nan—d Barnes were driving in from Magili, •ah—i their horae, making a rather sharp turn, capaked the trap. Beth men had their heeds cat, and emitsined several bruises and alight OOOt-SkOOS. The hon. secretary of the Acclimatiza tion Soriety {Mr. —. £. Minchin> left town on Saturday morning for the North Para Biver, taking with him a nnaiber of young trout re cently obtained from Hobart Town. Mr. David Murray, in company with Mr. A AJbraheoas, liberated a large number of trout in the Sixth Creek on Friday last, and there is every pros past of their doing well. It was reported to the coroner on Satur day morning tbat Mrs. Hannah Berry, an agel lady residing at Burneide, had died. It ait pears the dwosssd was taken aaddenly ill ou Thursday. Dr Sprod was sent for, but on bis arrival she waa desA The doctor slates that the cause of death wm syncope of the heart. Tl_ ooroner having made other enqoiries deems an inquest unneeesssry. With regard to the long-delayed well boring operations at Kooringa the local paper etatee that the Corporation of Ban? hM had its fetheoee at last ei-Msted. and ths work of boring ia Mti bet squaw having been new etand fag et—l tat vaohths, end being tar from oom p_to, although it wm onimnenced mom than a year ago, the council have required the eon traetonetoooeto proceed with and complete shed' contract. Mr. Matthew Burnett commenced a month's mission at Port Adelaide in —ia Pars Wesleyan Chezah on Sunday evening, Ootober 17, There vmslajUigecotgregafinn, thechurcii he—g filled to ovesl—wing, and a considerable) number wem obliged to ret—c usable to obtain admission, At the prayer meeting held after the service the church wm filled. Mr. Burnett anti—pstos greet bubosss in his mission at Pore Adelaide, having made so good a start. The following wngnlaT occurrence is reported in the St. Araaud Mercury as having lately taken place at I—ke Coomng:—Mr. AnJW. « selector at __c Coornng, kept ferrets, •probably for rabbit extermination. Mrs. ptnAmr* want out for the purpose of obtaining rw wood or water, leaving her infant asleep the cradle. During her absence oae of the I ferrets got out of its cage and attacked the ] child, fastening en to its face. Whan the j mother retained tbe animal rii sucking the , blood of the infant, and the effects are such mat its recovery is oonndered quite .hopeless. I Lamkinism seems to be in the ascendant at the Burrs. The Record of October 15 states t—tt between Saturday, end Sunday last; traps were run out of &ia;*t pTsrrw". Baft"g™* placed in the roadway, packing 'cases were removed on to the pavement to front of Messrs. Drew and Oo.'s ehops,the iron cross—g-plates over the water ——MS warn overturned, and varioas other fAgarme indulged in with— a few handled - ysidsof.thepolicoatstions at Bedruth and x&e; ringa csspectively. "Su—ly/'says the Btcord, 1 "th-canb>sntaatopto. Weunderstaiidth? the police are making every endeavor to find out those who did tbe mitr.hjef,and we hobs mat lib^mm^evueltetifu^ ;-■';; '.; _ ; .; * / ." Op£un^/mo?LT^^ wrestingattvias mskMd?t r «he Kant Town ,W«—yen Ch?nsh 4 -«bsm,Bm^Gew:Jek-nfar . who has come to this coloay from Sontb Africa for'tbe pnrpose of advoeasing the claim, of Che South African mfssiooary stat—t—, delivered en address beajirjgnpon the work with whioh he is connected. Mr. Joh—rfar took for his text Oormttnaas H., chap, v, ver. 17-8 In his open ing Beans-fa _-a—ned to the biblical amount ef the creation and the anboeguent fall of man, end remarked that he had very hopeful views ef the possunlity of ealt-tfon. Africa, he pointed oat, offered c apis -did field for mie sianary work, but altbough a groat amount of good, both spiritual and asaterial, was being effected among she natives by zealous s-ission eries, she ejmfinent was snob a vast place that their wroth, extsnded over only a comparatively llmfa'd area. Tfrff .i~i*I"'WT M**ff* %lrftf^y devoted So the great work had anything but light duties to perform, but it was gratifying to ccc the axe—dresalts af their labors. What was urgently required was an increase of the present small army of -rissionsries, so that the conversion of the natives might the better be accomplished. Mr. JnknfiCar gave an intere?tiug account of the awakening of the aatires to the truth and gran deur of th-new faith, and concluded his address by *•>?*•«-_ an earnest appeal to the congregation to contribute to the utmost of their power t j thefseds of the South AfrioanmiMions. After the address a collection was made maid of t_U object, and nearly £9 was realised. Speaking of the proposed cheese factory at Mount Gambier, tbe South-Eottem tttor says* —** The apathy displayed by the farmers of the district in regard to tbe advancement of thoir own interest has exhausted the patience of Mr. Miller, wboreoentlyinade an offer to establish a cheese factory at Monet Gambier, provided a suitable building was pie ced under offer to him at arental,and 300 gallons of milk guaranteed per day at4d. per gallon. On Wednesday, Octo ber IS. Mr. M. O. Wilson, secretary to theAgti c—tural Society, received a telegram from him stating that the season was now too far ad vanced to commenoe operations this year, end that the Mount G_mbleT farmers had better ap ply elsewhere for assistance in their project. A cheese factory could be established in this district without aid from outside capital if our Tbiius.s and- gta—er* woald unite te xurther the ■cbavne,' and a* Mr. Millar assms to have ! ajvea up all mtentton of nssiitbn liaim,itxs to he hoped they 'wiU eomhb_ for ahsir mutual benefit. Mr. John Cock has ngtdrled his wil linanesa to place -the old brewery at she disposal of c, company if' formed for the establishment of c c_eese factory. The machim—y required is not of c costly nsture, end jadging by the promises of c supply of milk at the last meet ing held to consider the proposal them should be no difficulty in arranging the matter, and making a start at an early date. Mr. James Umpeersten, wben in Adelaide, wiwntioned the | matter to several gentlemen there, and we understand that be will lay important itrfor- T-aHnii on the qiiusTlrsi before She cob—*lUee when next teeytneet.*' It wiHhe seen ftum our telegrams —om Mo—it O—_trAwtb_ta_ieet_g has since been held to ooimirler this matter, anil thatHH-owthoughtprobabletbat khs farmers l wtn eVlahl —b a rnctse factory themselves. The Bsshop of Melbourne, as president of the edaoajt—n section of tbe Sos—vl Science Oongress, new being held in MelTwornstdeUmrsd his ixiangaral address at tbe Athensnm, on Tuesday, Oetahir 1— fieperfaood tds remarks by stating (reports the Age) that Victorian legislation had been toe mneh dominated by the j -tnooght tbat it would oe impossible to purchase primary eduoation et too high a rate Be believed this to he aa unsound ooncluaion. He advocated the introduattioa of science tnaching into sobools, indoding also the subjects of do-arstie and palit—al economy. She most ; serious defect m the exis—ig system ef State ] education, hiiwessa, he declared to ba the pcao t—al exclusion of religions tr—Thing Hereeom mended t—it Bihlii-I--triiwinna—x-dheande nommatha—i,and ee-anpenied by a eor_camoe clauae, allowing any parent to withdraw his child from it if he pleased. With regard to the Bon—n Oatholiea he proposed that xeasonsble payment should be made to them for each secular results ss were tested by the Goverxunent inspectors, or (hat facilities be afforded them for the support of separate sebools, aa in Panada. In large towns, he thought, school boards should be gradually I es—bu—led, but tbe Government to keep in it. own hands the right to certinaate teachers and examine echo—re. He also suggested tbe restoration of payment of achool fees; at first oae low seals, she school hoards to have power to assist the poor and free she destitute. At the eveni?g sitting papers warn read by Father OahiU,B- ,t-ws_n. John Westford and J. O. graces. Anmliiieatinj dlsunssimi oa the general eubjeet of education followed, in whioh Mr. -owland Bane, ex-Miaistar of sUnaationui SeuthAaatraha, spoke strongly in favor of tbe eee—arsji?sa* He had had, he said, a long ex nerience of toe Act to?oum Australia,aad what be bad seen bed conrL—ned the opinion be had held all along. An amateur performance of " Our Boys' ism take place at the German C.ob Hall this evening. AnnivemrT tea and puhlie meetings in aonneetioa wish she Morpa-st^treet Fritaitlve Method Ist Ohnroh are to take pises this eveniag. A mi-donary meeting is to take place this evening at the Kant Town Was—ran Ghhreh. Mr. Gow Jukufilar is to attend aa a ' deputation from tbe Bouth African mission. Mr. J. Hon, the Fort Adelaide Blondin, enwranres by edvertieement that he will give ane-BerminsMatatP——and Bstats this even* ing for the benefit of the widow aadfaouly of tbe Itae Oaptain lewis, of the Prima Donna. The S-inivsrsarf services of the Pirie streetWesleysnOltorchwcrebes^moaSaod^ October 17, wben sermons were preached by the l_vs.B._a?Bntw__W._^Oamj>beU. The church waa tasssftdly deoorassd with flowers, and then wen huge ceugrsgatlens At the evening service them was a crowded attendance. Tea and meetings will bs held this evening. Weber's grand opera " Der F^eischu_,, was repeated at the Theatre Boyal en Saturday evening to a crowded house. The performance wss mi every wsy a aueceasfal one, end the eudi encewereirnst_tmginthc_ srjplause. We would suggest that aaotfaer pcrfornianoe ef -Der Frewehata" might he.given later in the ssston, when we are sum It would attract a-other crowded house. This evening Offenbach*. ~ Grand Do-bets" wilt be presented, with Mis. Kite May in she title role and Mr. H. Vernon as Frit- By a Tatterssll s telegram it appears that Fanblss baa met with an accident. While training at Dowling Forest he broke away from bis boy and fell on tbe training track. He may itot be seriously injured, but it is sopDOsad tbat the ►pill will interfere with his Onp chance, and that his stable companion. Lothair, will now come to the front. Old Richmond it reported to he doing splendidly in his work, being as fiesb as a two-year-old. He is being backed in quarters when Bosworth cannot find any friends, and on Saturday was supported so the tune ot three thousand at hundreds to 6ve. From rnr Melbourne telegrams it woald appear that the accident which Faublas has met with will neeessitats bis strataking. The annual flower service in connection with St. John's Ohuceh, waa held on Bunday afternoon, October 17. The sttcndince was large, and consisted mainly of childrco. ens nujority of whom carried bonqoe— of flowers. The service wss conducted by tbe Bey. J. F. Hoctor, MA- who deUvei**d an interesting and appropriate sermon from the text, "Ooasider the lilies of the field, bow they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin" (Matt, vi., 28). A collection was made daring the service in aid of the Home for Incurables, aiad several pounds were subscribed. Bubssquently floral offerings were conveyed te the institution mentioned, to the inmate* of which they will doubtless be an acceptable present. Garner's Theatre wss moderately at tended on Saturday evening, when Profe«sor Pepper again gave another of hiseroallent enter tei-ments. Then was an alteration in the pro gramme, end ths various acensa which ware presented eauaed much wonderment end sur prise. The programme wasenmmenaedbythe professor i-_odncuig c representation of Sir WalterScott? -White—?dyof AveneL" The class—al story of - Pygmalinnand Galatea" was repeated by speo—l r?onesr, and as usual this portion of the entertoinment wss loudly ap plaoded. Tho msgninewit views of statuary shown by tbe professor were elm much appcec—ted. "The barber worried by ghosts" caused a good deal of merriment aad astonish merit, aadaeveral diorama views wen introduced into the enter tainmeht with good effect. -i ♦ , fSf Mr. Jam—H.F-T request specUl atten tion to his sale, This Pay, at S o'clock, in the Old B-crjange,_ing WiUiam-etreet, -of Oppos sem, Wallaby, and Fur Bogs, and Doormats.' <y Mnsirn Barker & Ohambers wish us to draw attention to their Sale, at the Start Baasar, This Day, at 8 o'clock, of 100 first-class Orer and Horses, for Mr. John Burns. aW Woo-'Saxx.—We an requested by Bider, Bmith,—Oo.to call attention to tbe fact that their Wool f—to wul be held on. Wbdbssdat, this -week, instead of Tuesday. 898-8s 