5YDNEY INTERNATIONAL EXHI BITION. [From oar own Correspondent! Sydney, April 20. It is with a mearare of reluctance that I hsve to chronicle the closing history of our Exhibi tion. It has become such an object of interest to the eitizana of Svdnev. such a masnet to the dwellers in our large towns and remote settle ments, inch a school of design for oar rising artists, such an educational establishment for our artirans and engineer*, such an A cade a) y of Music with its grand orchestral and vocd dis plays— in a word, such a bright trvsting-place for all, that I venture to think there will be but one feeling of keen regret in the commaoity that its mission i« ended, and that henceforth it will be bat a happy incident in our march of pro gress— a joy of memory rather than a pleasure of hope. Public interest iu it has beeo well sus tained throughout. The last week or so it has been thronged with *he pleasant and happy children of our schools both from near and tar. To remove all puwiibiiity of duappoincmeubi, &ud; to give to the boys aud girl* of the poorvst the satistactiou uf briug able to shore in tna delight of (oziDg upou its many marvels of wonder aud brauty. the admission to scholars w»« free, while au additional inducement was offered to such as readied in tte country in tne shape ol a, railway fare, wbicta was almost equi valent to a free pasa, aixpeucpooly t--ing cnargad for a scholir for diat&ucea; up to fifty mile*, and one shilling only for their ptreau or guardians. Bates proportionately cbeap were extetuied to such as dwelt bejoutl the ofty-mile boundary. . ThereMult wait t bat thoasouiiabv this arrangement paw it who otherwise might Mve beeu ex cluded. And to any one who ha* any sympathy with the meiriment uf boys aud girls, it wan au unniiotakable pleasure to see the yonngnters scampering abuut iu all airectiona. Ihey ewaxoHtd in the galleries, they swarmed below, they swarmed iu to* bas* oQpnt-., they swirmed in the grounds. Kiss-in-the-ring on ttuj green award, hide-and-seek in the building, opan mouthed wonder iu the Roman Court, ainuse ment at the Sooth Australian fountain, a great longing among the girls betore the mign: ficentlj dressed French .dolls, aud a greater craving among the boys as they warrhed the tojs, some comical, som»» sTiking, and all tempting of ttu» American novelty shop — a (mir ation evtiywliere. made uoasucoHwiou of scenes which coulu doc f»i- tos trine the !»»?.» t impreniri*; and meanwhile the buzz of toe chiidreu rilled the place aa with a very atmosphere of gladueas, ?t»nt of which there came ev*r and anon trm shrill laugh, and uow ana ag»iu the scream of deligbt, whi-'h made you merry by ennttgioa, blidfehowed that tbe )oiiug»ter» were brimful and overflowing with noisy mirth. The oratorio of 'St. Peter,' by Sir Julius Benedict, wu given about throe we»ks siace to a crowded bouoe. As a nm--ioal performance it was Dot a very great mirowi The same draw backs which attended tnis kind of manic*! rtia p'ay in former instances were agtin pren-tiG — the crush, the beat, tbe trump of imsy feet, the clatter of unmusical listeners, the exasperating attxtnpt to catch wh»t eluded your most eager litteiiiug— alt were then*. Ic in mmercbat of a puizle why, with k- much thit has been unsatis factory in connection with rhe oratorio*, there \- shoe Id yet bave bceu oa each owasiou «ucn a grand iuipreo»ivi- muster. Almuat evurvbrviy jou came in contact with decreed the building to be miauitable and tbe whole affair to be no satiating. Aiui yet almost everybody, witb an unanimity tb»t wa» innst pronounced, baatetl to tbe Garden Palace whenever an oratorio «u afoot. There wandouhtleiw much iu the atsrao tionof namhen, in the s»-ell and wiwheiy of the names of tbe great - masters of song; but beside all this, aud despite the dr»wba»ks to which, we have alluded, tnere was so much of majesty in the «n-at chnrnl onthnmtn, nnd in the counuent htrmonies of the load rewoundinc orchestras, that many will remember some of there ezperiencea aa among the most thrilling tbey have evsr known. I hop* the temoomry aggregation of as muck mn«ical abilitr,now thtt the Exhibition is o*er. will take mne perma fcent form for the benefit and pleasure of the -community. On Satnrday la*t there wan a mammoth, choir cf? children, aioed by a few lady and gentleman singers, who repeated with v&mtion;* a pro graiEire tbey bad given Before to the great -satisfaction of all who heard it. The concert was under the auspice* of the temperance todies, aad was iu eTttry respect a decided success. The songs rendered were many of them from Sankev's collection, and could not be Itguded aa high-clans music. But, notwith standing this drawback, tbey were gives with so much enthasiaam, and the pweet fr**i*U music cf so many little ones, piped out iu thit delicious treble which bna inch a charm for all ears, seemed to gratify the listening crowd in a manner which not even mim more pretentious efforts had beeL able to reach. As the time wore on. the public, determined to make the most of their opportunities, hurried away in eager sight-seek'u. as if the display which bad been for months before their eyf* acquired an added value from the fact that it was so mob to pass awny, and become bat the gorgeous vision of a dream. It mattered little to them that Austria was topsy-turvy— thst Belgium was in a state of gradual dissolution — that Germany was being compressed into huge unsightly packing-cases, or that Japan had left but the ghost of its presence in the well-nigh empty court where its artistic productions had I* en on view. It mattered little thst India wm peddling ber wares in the nave. and that Cejlou was dispatching her coffee and condimtnte like a shopkeeper clearing out of business. There w&a; sn aspect of general disin tegration sxd confusion in the courts mentioned. But still the multitudes came and went. Enough for tbrm that the Briti-h Court was still intact, that tbe American goods weie still invitisg inspection, that la belle France was there with sJl tbe treasures she had transported across the JCU. Mid that the ColoT.iil Conrt* w»r» tr» V ?xu iii -«ii tht-ir pristine oe^nty. And then, ?dded to these were the glories of the Fine Arts Gallery and the mechanical trianphi of th« Agricultural Hall ; to that if some thtnga had gone, enough remained on band to invite and repay the attention of visitors. But the interest culminated oa the closing day. The previous day had beep dull, and many prophesied that the Exhibition would close as it began — in drenching rain. As the morning of Tuesday broke, eager eyes scanned the horizon to get a forecast of the weather. There had been pooring showers before daybreak, but as the morning advanced, notwithstanding the moist look of the sky, there was a general hope that the sky would harden as the honrs sped by. Fully an hour before the time appointed for the final ceremony the streets were crowded with tbe excited thousand*, who were all focussing themselves on Macquarie etreet. The red coats ef the volunteers made Hyde Park gay. The call of the bugle showed that something of more than ordinary concern wes going forward. Pedestrians crowded the sidewalks. Hansoms' and hackneys, broughams and carriages, with a mixture of spring carts and buggies, crowded the road. The chief buildings of the city, decked in gay streamers and flags, looked as if they were adorned for a festal gathering. The great building which was the focal point of all the interest looked, as it ever has looked, something to be proud of as its magnificent dome uplifted itself in the morning air, and from cupola aud towers the standards of many nations waved in the breeze. A strong body of police guarded the approach, but they had little to do, for with that instinctive sense of order and respect for authority which are so characteristic of a British crowd the multitude swarmed up, eager aud joyous as they should be, but with a quiet era which left little for the blaecoats to arrange. Among the eddying ranks that filed in through the respective entrances you might see in the nationalities, ranks, and professions represented a picture that was at once fresh and fascinating. There was a good muster of country folk, who might be easily spotted by their bronzed looks and rather primitive outfits. 'With them were the multitudinous classes of the city, bright lads and merry lasses, spruce youths and well dressed maidens, artisans with their wives, and tradesmen with their families, the lordly squatter, the princely merchant, the grave divine, the bustling lawyer, the learned Judge. Conspicuous among the rest were the Commis sioners aBd Judges, all the more conspicuous because they had to appear in the orthodox swallow-tail, while their breasts were made resplendent for the time with their badges and decorations. The gay plumage of the ladies, the bright coats of the volunteers, the gorgeous uniforms of the naval captains, who were in somewhat strong favour, and the gay aspect of the interior, combined to offer an outlook which was in itself an exhibition of no mean order. About half an hour before the time fixed for the closing ceremony the rain came down, with such force that it made some lively music on the roof, which constituted a drawback to the proceedings. The sun, however, did shine out with a some what sickly gleam jnst at the nick of time, so that when the boom of the artillery announced that His Excellency had left Government House a faint radiance shimmered through the building. At this time the view from the dais was very imposing. Filling the orchestra, at the rear of tbe dais, were the ladies of the leading cititena, who occupied, as became them, the post of honour. Signor Giorzi was installed at tbe organ ready to contribute his portion of interest to the ceremony. On the right of the dais were the Commissioners of the different countries that had figured a» exhi bitors. On the left were the Conmission of New South 'Wales, who had been charged with the management of this great undertaking. la front of the dais were the gentlemen who hid acted as Judges, seated on the right ; and on the left were the members of the Legislative Council and the members of the Legislative Assembly, the Aldermen, and other dignitaries. Beyond, far as the eye could reach, the people were wedged together in a dense mass, and as the eye ran along the galleries here again the outlook was one of com parted multitudes. Soon after the thunders of the guns had teased, the blare of a trumpet annsucced the arrival of Lord Loftus. As His Excellency reached the fountain under the dome the military bind stationed there struck up the National Anthem. Marching up the iiave, followed by Sir Alfred Stephen and Lady Loitus, Sir Henry Parkes and the wife of the Commodere, with some other celebrities, the Governor made for his place on the dais. This place, which till now had been almost a blank, was speedily filled by the suite ot His Excel lency, the members of th- Ministry, the Jadges, and the heads of religious bodies. ** Tbe total number of exhibits examined in the Garden Palace was nearly 14,000, irre spective of those in the auxiliary shows in the Agricultural Hall. Tbe Judges were requested to classify them in 1st, 2nd. 3rd, and 4th orders of merit. In some cases tbey have made some special recommendation of dbjects or of collec tive exhibits, and th.se will require specUl awards : and in other classes, where no degree of kjtrit haa been assigned, a diploma of commen dation will mark the appreciation merited by the nature of the report. 'The total number of the International Exhi bition Judges is 204, and iu addition there were 100 Judges at the auxiliary shows of live stock, wool, be, and shows illustrating the vegetable kingdom, and in this department a large number of exhibits wpr- examined. ' The total number of award* sent in by the Judges were — 8peri*l 1st and 1st, 2,753; 2nd, J},(-82 ; 3rd, 1,277 ; 4tn, 953 ; total, 7070. ' The reports of tbe Judge*, which will form, perhaps, the most instructive and interesting featnre of the Kxfcibition. remain yet to be com piled and p' i?) is tied in the usual form of an official record : and it is proposed to have this volume carefuilv edited, so tbM; when given to the public it will be ot' especial valne, and not alone perpetuate the lessons which surh a great undertaking onyht to tea.-h, but will staD-t as a t«ge in our history to be looked upon with just pride. ** Jt i» gratifying to no*e thut the admissions have exewded th» moat sanguine sxoe-bitions, being about l,022,0UU, uot including this day's retnms. I 'Considering tbe »par*e population of this l great colony, tbe wide area over which the people are d'apersed, and tbe great distant from the other colonies and from tbe whole world, the attendance is certainly unprecedented, and i« by far she l--rgeat proportionately that bus ever been recorded at any Great Inter national Kxiiibitioii held in any part of the world. 'The amount received for admiiwions and conr^Miotui Aum pot r»ach tbe original estimate of £6f',0-i0. the total sum to the 19th instant btitiK abont £45.000. ' It i* calculated that this amount will defray the ordinary working expense** of the Exhibi tion during its currency, and it is well to point out il«- that it is a ltrger sum according to our population than has ever been realized at any similar undertaking. The liberal expenditure made on the fin» arts of painting, sculpture, music, on scientific ami ethnological collections, cannot tail to be ot grent educational vUne, and haa. moreover, snp^radrted the charm of attrac tions to the vaat array of industrial exhibits in tbe departments of minerals, raw products, mannfacturea. and machinery. 'Thia grent undertaking, thp ?ne-%ei»ful termi nation of Which we h»ve ussemMed to celebrate, marks, perhaps, tbe moat im ports nt epoch that has ocrnrred in our history. la holding this Exhibition we have entered into a new areni and a race of progress among the nations of tbe ear»h, a.nd have placed ourselves in kindly com petition with the most ancient State* of the Old and New World. It remains for ns to prove by our eDergy and patriotism that we shall prove worthy of the exalted destiny which lies before na, and that foremost iu the van of great colonies planted by tbe Anglo-Saxon race over all the babitahle glnb» will be found our colony of New Sontb AValeg. ?* I have now the honour to a»k ynnr Excel lency, on behalf of Her Majesty th- Qaeen, to declare that tbe Exhibition will be cloved to the public at the termination of this day's pro ceedings.' His Excellency than read a reply, in the course of which he said :— 'I meet yon on this occasion with feelings of pride and grati&cattc;/n, not UDmiugled with some panga of regret. I am proud, as we all mnst be proud, of the high public apirit and j-ist liberality which the colony of few South Wales has displayed throughout the successive stages of this great undertaking : and I am deeply gratified by the generous response to her invitation which baa come from the mother country and the sister colouiw, ant} from seven! of the most powerful of tbe nations of the earth. The interchange of friendly greeting and recognition which hus resulted in the rjoble dispUy of the- world's offerings of art and industry m thia beautiful building may be regarded as the Brat event of prime national significance In Australia. And in attending here lo-day to take part in closin; the Exhibition, it i.« not possible to banish all feelir.gs of regrets — regret that Those who in such nnmbers have derived instruction and pleasure from tbe examination and study of tbe col lected treasures will be able to gratify their tastes no longer ; and still deeper regret th-it others scattered far and wide through our vast interior have found no opportunity at all to profit by tte splendid achievements of art and the wonderful contrivances of mechanical skill which in many instances were brought from the ends of the earth for their teaching and grati fication. ?? While the people of New South Wales and oar visitors from the neighbouring colonies have profited by the study of the treasures which have been 'poured out upon our shores from the hives of industry in Europe, Asia, and America, the representatives of distant countries, we nay feel assured, will not fail to report of the marvellous natural wealth of our own land. O--r Torirtifs of too!', onr grand' rolL'ctioa cl mineral*, our gold, and, more valaible than gold, ooz coal sid uon, our fine clay and marble, together with the trt*Wng evidenoes of oar manufacturing capabilities, will not paas «wbt unrecorded, bat make oar name favourably known where it might have remained unknown for generations if this temple of peace and good will bad never been erected. 'Let not this gathering disperse without carrying into every home in the land some of its lessons. Let those who are engaged in husbandry and in the mechanical arts observe aBd, as occasion offers, adapt to their pursuits the improved appliances given to us by the dis coveries of science. Let the laws of propor tion and design be cultivated in our finer manu factures. Let the young asprant in the higher walks of art cherish in his inmost soul the bright lessons of form and colour on which his eyes have feaated. By theae mean* of auidaoos attention and inspired effort a rich fruitage will be garnered from the seed which has been so abundantly sown. ' It muat be gratifying to the loyal people of New South Wales that Her Gracions Majesty the Queen has taken bo lively an interest iu this first Australian Exhibition, and in testimony of her deep interest has been pleased to accept copies of the medals to be awarded to the exhi bitors. 'For myself I am much gratified in accepting the commemoration medal which you are pleased to present to me. In future years it will remind me of one of the brightest links in my connection with the colony. 'In now declaring that after to-day this Exhibition will be closed to the public, I would express a fervent hope that our hearts may be raised in much thankfulness to the Giver of all good for the protection acd innumerable blessings He has vouchsafed to us.' The ceremonies of the day were then com menced by Mr. P. A. Jennings, the Executive Commissioner, reading to His Excellency an address, from which I quote the following extracts: — Tbe next proceeding was the presentation to Lord Loftus by Mr. Jennings of the 220 Jadges, upon whom had rested the difficult and re sponsible work of judging the exhibits. The Governor then distributed to each representa tive Commissioner the official list of awards, and finally declared the Exhibition closed at the conclusion of the day's proceedings. In the intervals Signor Giorza played various national airs on the organ, and ou the final announce ment of Lord Loftus the band played 'God Save the Queen.' Three cheers were then given for Her Majesty, three for Lord Loftus, three for Lady Loftna, and three ringing cheers for the Executive Commissioner. The viceregal party then quitted the build ing, and immediately after the hundreds who had remained outside to see this part of the piogt amme rushed like a river into the building, so that, joined to the thousands that were already there, and who were by this time on the move throughout the nave, they presented a scene of dense and stirring life, which was in itct-lf a more striking finale to the Exhibition than the official ceremonial, seeing that this was for the most part a dumb show. And so the Exhibition is ak an end. But yet the Exhibition lives. During the mouths of its existence, in which it has been open as a great industrial and art festival of the nations, it has been doing a work that will abide long after the treasures which it gathered together have been scattered to the four winds of heaven. It has been silently educatisg our own people as to the character, resources, and prod acts of the nations of the world, and the lessons will bring forth fruit in the coming time. It haa been witnessing to those who have been visiting us from afar that they might tbe better learn what thia great island-home was, and what it was likely to become— that we have a territory enriched with the choicest mineral treaetues, a soil capable of bringing forth in rare abundance almost all the products of every clime, a climate that i» unsurpassed for its salubrity, institutions that are instinct with the spirit of freedom and culture and virtue, and young communities which have already done great things, which are but the pledge of yet greater |that the coming years shUl witness, and which promise worthily to sustain on these southern shores the character of the British stock, and worthily to co-operate in all that is purest and best in the working out the great problems of human destiny. And so if we are asked to-day for the outcome of our Exhibition, our answer is, tbe outcome is to be found in those subtle lines of influence and international amity which, beginning with Japan in the East, and running through India and Ceylon, through Europe and America, and by the islands of the Pacific, binds Australia to tbe world as a young bat fair daughter iu the great sisterhood of nationB, whoie growth and influence is an augury of good to them all. 