SYDNEY SCULLERS IN ENGLAND. I Mr. P. J. Clark has favoured us with permission to publish tho following letter, dated London, October 8, which he has received from a friend iu London, aud which will probably he read with much interest by aquatic men here : — ' In Thursday s Sportsman there is a fair occount of the race between Laycock and Blackman. The latter got by far the best start, and. it was almost laughable to see the leisurely phlegmatic way in which Elias followed him. The pace was really tcrrific, as tbe time given up to each point shows. As far as Hammersmith the racc was really a splendid one, but by tho time they got to Corney Reach Laycock had completely rowed his man down. I never saw such an utter collapse in my life, nor a fellow so completely done up as Black man was. I really pitied him ; for two minutes he could not speak — his head dropped on to his chest, and he looked like a corpse. The Sydney mau rowed on in just the same style tbat he had started, and as soon as Blackman was able he fol lowed, to enter a protest on the ground that Laycock's cutter had passed him. This was certainly untrue, but she had a lot of way on when Blackman shut up and could not be stopped. Mr. Ireland, the referee, told Trickett to follow on, as it was clear that Blackham had given up. The protest was quickly dismissed. Lay cock rowed well and strong, aud (thanks to Jack Thomson) his condition was simply superb. The muscles of his hack, ribs, and legs, stood out like iron bars, and though he had not quite got rid of a bad cold, his wind was all there. He rows a pretty looking style, something after Dick Green's fashion, but his slide is, to my mind, short, faulty, and he does not appear to grip the water at tho full extent of his reach. But he is a good 'un and bard to beat. ' We have two matches on for hiin — one against Hosmcr, a Boston (U.S.A.) man, who is a good sculler, and tho other against Hawdon. Fit and well, he should win both races. ' I must say that I am agreeably . disappointed in Laycock. He is a gonial, nice, well-behaved fellow, and he has made hosts of friends. Australians both at home and abroad may well be proud of their representatives on the Thames, for wherever you go you hear them 6poken of in the high st terms, Until Trickett's arrival, professional rowing ivas at the very lowest ebb ; but since he and Laycock have been on the Thames mat ters have taken, a turn quite the other way, anu, wnereas, six montns ago, it would have been strange indeed to have seen a single person of any position in society at a professional boat-race, it is something to bo able to say that, despi'.e the day being one of the most disagree able that wo have had this year, numbers of tbe ' upper crust' patronised tho Lay cock- Blackman race, including Lord Lou desborough, Major Dickson, Mr. Rowden, and many other well-known persons, to 6ay nothing of the presence of ladies — among unparalleled except at tbe Univer sity contest. And nothing but tbe feeling that the race would bo contested straight forwardly brought this about ; aud it is not too much to say tbat it was the know ledge of the quiet respectable conduct of our Sydney men (bat created this feeling. Of Trickett it is needless to speak, he always behaves like a gentleman. ' I told you long ago that I had come to the conclusion that English rowing form lias been overrated, and now I I believe more, and that is — that they are bad judges of it. If it were otherwise how could George Drewitt (who should know as much as auy mau in the land) have made the mistake of laying 2 to 1 on Blacbmau? Ho has seen Laycock do all bis work, for he has been training Thomas from the same boat-bouse, and every day be has had his watch out timing him at every point, vet he never found out that both Laycock and Trickett are 'foxing.' Of course Trickett feels within himself what he can do, and having Lay cock's measure so well, there was no necessity for a trial, and so the knowing ones were sold. Laycock should never forget (as I am sure he never will) what Trickett has done for him. Had it not been for Ned he would have gone back without a match, for Charley Bush, to whom Punch introduced him, it seems, gave him tho cold shoulder. I told you long ago that he could beat any man in England, and asked you to advise Punch to come over with bim. Had he done so he would have made a pile. Laycock must have cleared £250, if not more, by tbe race, although, owing to the bad weather, his share of boats was only £30 clear. ' I had almost forgotten to say that Trickett piloted his quondam rival in faultless style, giving him a course as straight as a surveyor could have shown. ' The weather has been foggy, cold, and wet, and as Trickett has gone through it so far, and kept well, we may fairly expect that he will continue to do so. Hanlan is rowing magnificently, and if he is to be beaten it will be by fairly wearing him down, as Laycock did Blackman. He can ' fox' as well as anybody, and it is hard to judge what he can do. The betting is no more than 7 to 4 on him at present; but a Canadian correspondent tells me that there will be such heaps of money from tbat :side of the ' herring pond' that if we hold ont we will get 4 to 1. . ' They say Wallace Ross is comingover to 'feel' Trickett's pace, ;and that;he will, follow him for . that object. . Muc)i good will all he can learn do him !' The following extract from a letter by. E. Laycock to a friend in Sydney will be i read with interest. The letter was dated London, October 7 : — 'Your papers con siderably underate Blackman ; he is as tall as myself, 25 years of age, and weighs over 12 stone; and as to his pace from Putney to Hammersmith Bridge, one and three quarter miles, we did the fastest time on record in au race— nine minutes and four seconds, and he was then only a length astern. My first attempt on the Thames has been a win. As I told you before, Trickett aud myself do all our woj-k, and got on well together. He piloted me through the race in a cutler. The day wa? very wot and windy, and in about two miles I.rorred Blackman to a stand still. I have two more races on, and fancy T n. — ? tt„ _ i „ JL VUII till! uuiill, x nave pccil UUtliUli , often, in fact have lowed over tho course alongside of him. I see very little iu him, and can only conclude that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Trickett, so, bar accidents, he is not in it. His bump of self-esteem is exceedingly well developed. He rows open-handed, so I need tell you no more. I expect we will have more races on before long; So far we have had fine weather. We are going to row first and second for the Hop Bitters, if it comcs off.' 