VICTORIAN RAILWAYS. The report of the Victorian Railway Department for, the year 1879 has just been issued. We have not yet received a complete copy of this document, but thanks to aostracts appearing in tne JJieioourne Press we are enabled to deal with its most important features. The gross revenue for the twelve months was £1,222,107 ; the working expenditure was £640,624 ; and the profit on working £581,483, The amount required from the consolidated revenue to pay the balance of interest on the debenture capital not recouped by the net revenue derived from working the lines was £166.224 The total mileage constructed and open for traffic amounted to 1,108^ miles, ex clusive of tho Hobson's Bay Railway, now in the hands of the Government ; the length in course of construction was 74| miles ; the percentage of expenditure to revenue was 52 42 ; the expenses and earnings per train-mile were respectively 3s. 8'40d. and 7s. 0 71d. ; and the passen ger journeys numbered 4,169,174^, each journey averaging a distance of 21 '57 miles, at a fare of 2s. 0 27d., or l*13d. per mile. Forty-two thousand bix hundred and sixty- four tons of live stock and 919,336 ton3 of goods were conveyed duriDg the year; 3,462,622 train-milea were run ; 163 locomotives were in use, 16 more beiDg in course of construction. At the close of the year 243 carriages were running, and nine extra were being built. The wagons and other vehicles numbered 3,068, to which 127 were about to be added. Finally, the net revenue paid 3-p7 per cent, upon the total capital cost of the lines. '; It has been shrewdly aaid that 'all knowledge rests upon a perception of difference,' and though exception may be taken to the sweeping generality of this axiom, it will probably be admitted that the dry figures cit«d above convey little information in the absence of that tc percep tion of difference' which a comparison with the returns of previous years will enable us to form. Dealt with from that point of view, the most striking feature is the singularly slow growth of the gross revenue. It stands at £1,222,107 for 1879 as compared with £1,216,673 for 1878, being _. an advance of only £5,432. Pushing the 'perception of difference' - further back, we find that the railway revenue of 1878 exceeded that of 1877 by £80,876, and. that the yeai 1877 overtopped its predecessor by £141, 03L Allowance must of course be made for the circumstance that the mileage of lines open for traffic increased in a greater ratio in the earlier yean, but that wul not in itself account for the slow advance made in 1879, because the naw lines open in say 1877 ought to be by this time in a high state of development, besides which 73 miles of new line were opened during the past year. The falling-off is attributed in the report to the heavy cost of working most of the light lines latterly constructed. That might, no doubt, account for a higher percentage of working expenses, to which we shall refer later, but the cost of working could in no way affect the gross revenue. The net revenue, after deduction' of working expenses, amounted to £581,483 as compared with £590,976 for the previous year. There is thus a falling-off to the serious extent of £9,493. The net revenue available as a dividend on the capital expenditure is brought down to 3 57 per cent, for 1879 as against 3 -85 per cent, for 1878, and, as we have already stated, £166,224 will be required from the consolidated revenue to pay the balance of interest due on the debenture capital The latter now stands at £14,990,54G, and the yearly interest payable at £747,707. We shall not attempt any comparison or analysis of the expenses and earnings per train-mile, because, as we have repeatedly pointed out, any such compa rison is only calculated to mislead. On this point we may quote the sensible remarks of the Public Works Commis sioners of this colony, as contained in their Progress Report :— ' The train mileage system of computing traffic is very fallacious when comparing the earnings and working expenditure of one system of railways with another. . . . We would recommend that the South Aus tralian Public Works Reports should in future be based, n as in New South Wale3, on tbe ton-mile unit instead of the train mile unit.' The proportion of working expenses has gone up during the year under review from 51 '42 per cent to 52 42 per cent This is rather significant if we turn to the previous year's report, in which we find the department claimed to have effected permanent re ductions in the salaries of officers employed to the extent, of £25,400. Writing twelve months- ago, we remarked that the saving on the revenue account alone, if it is real and bona fide, is suffi cient to make a handsome addition to next year's balance, but we must of course wait a year before it can be proved how far the reductions made have been justi fied by the result. That result does not appear to have been satisfactory, if we may judge from the fact that this sum of £25,000 odd, together with £10,880 which the Commissioner said he should be able to save on the one item of coal, has all been swallowed up, and that the working expenses stand at a higher percentage than before. The Commissioner now states that the reduc tions made at the beginning, cf 1878 necessarily preclude further savings to any extent Some reductions have been effected in the passenger rates, which in duced an increase in the number of passengers conveyed to tha extent of 458,550, but the revenue under this head fell off by £9,404. It is, however,, believed by the department that this falling - cfT is only of a temporary character. - On the whole, the report betrays a want of elasticity in the resources of the Railway Department which one would hardly have expected to find in a colony like Victoria, and we are rather forced to the conclusion that things are not really in the stationary condition in which they' are represented to be. It is more probablo that it has been found nece33ary to set right an error which we pointed out last year, when we showed that the Com missioner claimed to have earned in 1S78 £29,9S5 more for goods traffic than in 1S77, notwithstanding that the tonnage fell ofi by 70,079 tons, and that the rates were 'not increased. In^ the absence of the report itself it is impossible to say how this difficulty has teen got over in adjusting the accounts for the year 1879, but it is not unlikely that the anomaly to which we have referred in 'connection with the goods receipts for 1878 may have affected the returns for 1879, in which case the actual results for the latter year would be more favourable than they are represented. It is matter for serious complaint that the South Australian Rail ways Report is not yet published. It is true that figures appended to the report of the Pnblic Works Commission show the traffic returns up to December 31, 1879, and that these pcint to a more elastic con dition of thin«3 in connection with our own railways than is indicated by the statements published by the Vic torian Railway Department for the same period. But it is high time that the com plete report upon the public works for the past year was forthcoming. Defeat of the Fbecch Ministet. — The Ministry of M. Jules Ferry has had but a brief tenure of office. Scarcely six weeks have elapsed since it assumed office, M. de Freycinet's Cabinet having resigned on September 20, and the new Ministry having been sworn in on Sep- ' tember 27. Like its predecessors, it ha3 fallen a victim to its method of executing j the March decrees against religious bodies. The fault that has been found with it is, however, that it has been carry ing them out too harshly, while JL de Freycinet, : on the contrary, was charged with being too much iu favour of a policy' of moderation. This goes far to prove: that the assumption which has been raised in reference to the downfall of the Da Freycinet Ministry was correct It is ob viously not its method of dealing with the religious Orders whick was objected to, but the independent attitude assumed by M. de Freycinet it is scarcely sur prising to find that the acts, of tha late Ministry in reference to the execution of the March decrees have received Parlia mentary condemnation. It has listened to no offers of compromise, but has pushed matters to extremes against the religious bodies. The occupants of monas teries have Deen compelled to quit France, and any resistance, whether passive or active, offered to the decree of expulsion has been met by force. As ire learned by telegram yesterday, the monks of Taraccou, in the department of the Rhone, have actually undergone a siege, aud have had to run the risk of being starved out That tbe late Ministry would rigorously enforce the law was known when it was appointed, but it is probable that the opposition which has been raised to its proceedings by the religious Orders, and the steps which were being taken by the Ministry to compel obedience to the de crees, have aroused a storm of popular feeling which has found expression ia the adverse vote of the Chamber of Deputies. It is not only in the Lower House, how ever, that a protest has been made, la the Senate also, as will be seen by our telegram, an angry scene has taken place, and intense excitement has reigned. It is difficult to say, in view of the state of affairs which now exists, what Ministry is likely to succeed ii. Ferry's. It is hard to believe that M. de Freycinet will bo called upon so soon to reassume the reins of power, but that seems to be the simplest way out of the difficulty. , The action that -has been taken in the Chambers is a blow aimed at the ascen dency of M. Gambetta, and cannot fail to excite his keenest resentment The downfall of the Ministry indicates that the members, of the. Right are still a power in the land, and that M Gambetta does not yet wield -undisputed sway over the governing powers of the Republic. Aehivil of teb Mail at thb Botjmd.— Tbe K.M.S. Khedive arrived at King George's Sound at 7-30 on Wednesday night. She briogs news from England to Octobtr 8, aid from India to October 22. 'Among the passengers are the Australian Eleven. Teb Orirht.— Messrs. J. Stilling & Oo. inform us that a steamer supposed to bathe Orient passed Breaksea I«Und at 6 p.m. on the 9th instant The Orient left the Semaphore at 5.30 p.m. on the Sth instant. Stjfbemb Oocbt SiTTwns.— The Full Ooort will sit this morning at the usual hoar. Thb Soeata.— The work of covering the rente in the SoraU with bags of day still coq 'tinues. The possibility of getting the steamship off has been so far depended upon that Captain Fowler has marked off a site for receiving her at Kingscote, which be Visited on S tin day last for the purpose of determining whether it was a suitable place to take her to. The intention, as soon as she can be righted for tbe voyage, ia to tow her thence to Melbourne. Tbe steamer Albatross took down 200 bags of clay yesterday, ' and 10,200 bag* of sea weed for the same object oa Monday, November 8, together with anchors and chains for mooring her upon her coming off. The pump* hire a command over the water in the hold, but no attempt to pump the vessel dry will be made until there is sufficient water for floating her, which will be at next springs. Matob's Popular Ooncebts.— 'We were ia error in stating that latt Saturday night's en tertainment at the Town Hall was the con cluding one' of the series of Mayor's popular concerts. Three more are to be given, that next Saturday night being under the direction of Mr. Oughton.the following one under the conductor ship of Mr. Py bus, acd the third under that of Mr. Robertson. The proceeds of the concerts are to be banded to His Worship to be devotod towards the purchase of a rotunda. Miss Mabiakhb North.— Tbe following letter has been received by Dr. Schonaburgk from the enthusiastic painter of flowers. Miss Marianne North: — 'Melbourne, November 2. Doar Dr. Scbomburgk— I hupe to start by the P. & O. mail of the 12th, ond if the weather is fiue I shall come up to see your garden during the few hours the steamer stops at Adelaide,' and it would be a great pleasure to me if you happen to be at home, aud williug to show me some of the remarkable trees and plants in your garden, but I am now hurrying on to cutch the last spring flowers at Abany. I nhail be allowed 'but little time, I fear.' JusiiGKATjoN aks Ejuohatio^.— The number of peiiocs who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from ether ports duriDg the week ending Saturday, November 6. was 240. Of these 173 came from Melbourne, 58 from London, 13 from Batavia, and 5 from Sydney. The number who left the Port by sea for other ports during tbe same period was 395, all of whem went to Melbourne. Ptjblic Teachbbs' Christmas Houdatb. — In reference to a puagraph which appeared in the Register of £- ovember 10 detailing the par ticulars of a meeting of the Public Teachers' Association, at which a resolution was carried that the Minister of Education should be asked to extend the Ohmtmu holidays to four weeks, we are requested to mention that the Minister had already decided to grant an extra weak, which concession has been notified to the teachers by circular. Sthixb oh thb Naiewb Bailwat Wobks. — There in nothing further to report in reference to this strike. A few men Assembled together again on Wednesday morning, and tho com mittee have held several consultations in re ference to their method of keeping up the Btrike, but nothing definite has actually been done. The question of an attempt at arbitra tion has not yet passed the initiatory stage. The contractors still maintain the views they have previously held to, and the men are not likely to move from the position they have fcikeu up. All is quiet on the works, and it is said that a few more meu have cleared out. Mr. Walker ha* returned from Melbourne. Thb Opera. — The repetition of ' H.M.S. Pinafore' *t the Theatre Koyal ou Wednes day evenirg attracted a large attendance, the dme-circte beiDg filled and the other parts of the house crowded to a greater or lens erten*— in fact it wua a thcrongnly reprtBentative audi ence. Tbe people appeared to hi-sxtily enjoy tbe perform* n :t- throughout, and evidently appreciated the advantage of b«arin£ the sparkling little musical satire well sang. There was no lack ot applaueie, aiul mn»t of it wm w$U merited. The same pieia will be presented to-night. Peofkssob ? PrPPEn'a Ghost. — Garner'a Theatre was egain fairly patronised on Wednes day night, when Professor Pepper's clever ghost entertainment was repeated. Toe audience was delighted more especially with the shadow pantomime, the barber's spectral visitors, and tho panoramic views of Afghanistan. , At to night's performance the Professor will distribute photographs of ' the lovers in the umbrella,' a skttclf t&kfn; by Mr. Dobson by the instantaneous process. Coscekt at Gawucb. — The concert given in aid of St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Gawler, at the Institute Hall on Tuesday evening, was a great success, and the room was crowded. The following- ladies and gentlemen, took put ia the entertainment:— The Misses Morris, MoCreanor, aod Parkea, Mesdames Sweeney and Jjeadnall, and Messrs V. Stewart, Parkes, J. P. Jones, Burton, O. James, and Mutch. A feature in the programme wsb the performance of as instru mental trio 'Iphigeaie ia Tauris,' by Mist Flora Stewart (sir yean old ) first violin, Mui Daisy Stewart(eight years old) piano, and Mr. V. Stewart second violin., Mr. Vernoof Stewart acted as musical conductor, and Mis'* Morriiand Mr. Weudlandt as pianists. Tbe cash taken at tbe door amounted to upwards of £22. A Labgb Oq-opbhativ* LfBTiTcrrlox.— The Civil Service Supply Association -of UngUud continues to prosper.' The* profits far' tbe ia»f half-sear amounted to betweeu ' £3AK- «od .£9,000, sod out of this snot every shareholder nceiTet, ai an addition to the bulaosa alrevir ttasding to Jlis credit iu tha rooks of the Society, tne,hacd«ome dividend of £1 X^. Tha amount of capital p*M up oa cacti ttiare ex*; ceeJ* in Lo'cafce tha modest mjm of 10* - tad; after atoat fifteen jpmV trading the fccca raulated profits which hive been aporoprufrsd ; to Mch shareholder are ia csci^n of £#i. GoosIm l»ve been bwocbt awd nold duriug the half-year, to the value ot £1,264,000 ; and nearly 34/J03 members aod ticket-holder* are registered oa the books of the Association, 'Attack by Natives near Barrow's Creek. The Postmaster-General has received the fol- lowing telegram from the Telegraph Station master at Barrow's Creek:— -On Saturday morning, accompanied by Police-trooper South I met, fifty miles south of the station, two men, viz., Anderson and Connor, in charge of bullock team loaded with rations for this station from Alice Springs, who reported that on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at 11 p.m , while sleeping they were attacked by natives at Viol's Springs, on Wood- forde Creek, about eighty-five miles south of Barrow's Creek, Anderson receiving spear in left breast, which ran along the bone for fully three inches, and Connor two wounds on right shoulder, penetrating flesh to bone. The wounds appear slightly inflamed, but the men suffer very little inconvenience from them, and they think there is no danger of poison, as they are healing nicely, and give pain only when lifting any weight. Police-trooper South and myself travelled with them to within sixteen miles of this station, where we left them this morning, and I have now sent a man out to camp with them to-night aud escort them in tomorrow." Another telegram to Mr. Todd from the Station master at Alice Springs states— "Re attack on our party with team en route to Barrow's Creek, there are only nine men at Barrow's Creek, in- cluding trooper and two wounded men. There are four men now here en route for diggings and I strongly recommend they be sworn special constables and proceed with Trooper Shirley to scene of attack, there meeting Trooper South and man from Barrow's Creek and make thorough search. I am informed that the road is alive with natives, and that they are congre- gated in large numbers in vicinity of Barrow's Creek Station. Men leaving here would use their own horses, and I recommend they be paid each 7s. per day, being third-class trooper's pay." The Stationmaster at Barrow's Creek telegraphs later— "Anderson and Connor just arrived with team. The latter states that his wounds are healing all right, but slight running now issuing from Anderson's wound in the breast, and he states that he was spitting blood this morning, and he fancies there is a small piece of spearhead inside the wound. The spear head was made of mulga, which is generally con- sidered a poisonous wood. Will you take medical advice and telegraph to me as early as possible?" We understand that it has been arranged to engage six men at Alice Springs to accompany Police-trooper Shirley in pursuit of the natives who speared Anderson and Connor, and to make the road safe for travellers. The party were to start at once, and will be joined by Police-trooper South, from Barrow's Creek, with the Station master and one man. The men are all supplied with arms and ammunition. Medical advice has been taken on the subject of Anderson's wound, and the doctor is of opinion, as he hears that the spitting of blood has ceased, that the wound will soon heal. Suicide. — On Wednesday morning it youn^ woman, named Christina Iieslie, aged 2d, wai found drowned in Peacock'* Diin. at Hind maritb. The brother of the deceased reported to the police at h&U-pajt; S o'clock a m. thtt his sister was missing, and as he hail found her clothes oo the river batik, aud she lml threatenel to drown herself en Monday last, ho feired sho bad doue to. The body wi recovered by th.9 police after dragging for two hoar*. It wai stated iu evidence that the deceased had been very despondent for some time, in ottusequence of a mUnndeutauding between bemelf aud a young n?»ti named Mitchell, with whom she bad been keeping company. Dr. Gave st.ttud that the girl had, in company with her mother, visited him for professional advice, and he h 1 1 no hesi tation in saying that she was der»tjced. The Jury found that tue deceased had committed suicide by drowning herself while labouring under a fit of temporary insanity1. Mishap to tub Oybbuhd Mail.— On arriva of the Melbourne coach on Saturday evening (states the Scuth-Ea.ttern Star) the mail bags were found to be mining. Tko driver was confident tke bags were all right when ha left Gaaterton, and so soon as he had given up charge of his horses he started back in search of them. He waa fortunate in finding tbem on tbe Dartmoor-road, and they were brought ou tbe following day. It is supposed tnat when crosaiDg a deep gully at the place where the bagi were found they had been jolted out. COXGBKGATIOHAL St'NDAT ? SCHOOL, HlSD HAB6H.— On Tuesday, November 9, the teachers and senior scholars of the above school (about fifty in number) held their annual picnic. They were invited by Mr. and Mrs. James Shearing to epend the day at Henley Beach, and everything pawed oil moat pleasantly. An ample tea and refreshments were provided by Mr. Sheariug, after which the company safely returned homo. Coxcert at thb Albset Haix. — On Satur day next a crncert will be given in tho new Albert Hall by a grand combiaitiou of vocal and instrumental artistes. Most of the prin cipal members of the Opera Company will tako part in it, together with several local ladies ai-d gentlemen, all of whom arc favourably known to the Adeline audieuoes. We ore also in formed that two talented iustrumvntalins, who have never yet appeared here ou tha concert platform, will maku their debut on the occuiou Tout J'RKijiirTBWAK Scsdat-scu.iol Pic.mic —Tho Prwby terians of Port Adelaide, in fol lowing the custom which has now prevailed amongst them for nearly a . qnurter cf a century, held their usual picuio ou No vember 9. Long before the hoar for fctutiue, troops of eager children and their friends w-re to be seen wending their way to the railway station, where a special train w&i; waiting ia re&diutss; to convey them to Situ bury, Which was reached at 11' o'clock, and thence they proceeded to the grounds of Messrs. Verco Brothers, v. ho had kindly pltcod them at the disposal of tbe visitors. Sporta usuil to picnics wfire carried on tbe great tr part of tha day, and were witnessed by fully 3.H) persons, giving the UMial quiet town of Salinlmry quite a gay appearance. After partaking uf an excellent tea, provided by Mr. Hastio, a start was midu for the Port, which was reached shortly after G o clock. City. Mission SnwnAT- scnooi.— Through the kindness of the Mission Committee dm teachers and scholars of the above school were enabled to celebrate the 8th by their Buuunl piruic, over ICO being conveyed in wagonettcir «ud spring carts to the grounds at Kaith, SpringUuk. Tbu usnal games peculiar to school trusts wore entered into with seat, and prizes to the success ful competitors in racing, skipping, &o.;, wero awarded. Uearty cheers to the proprietor for the use of his grounds brought to a close one of the most pleasant gatherings in connection with ibe school. 'Adelaide, Glexbig, asd Sujidbiux Kail ?wat Comfakt.— From the half- yearly report of the Directors of thii Company we quote tha following eitiaci :— 'The profit and lost account shows a balance to credit of £2,006 7s. Id., but your Directors regret that they aro usable to recommend the payment of a dividend. Since the last meeting tr;.-. UoMfust Bay Hallway had been opeutid. aud coh.il ? quently a portion of the traffic hm been diverted from your lino. The additiouitl engine and rails mentioned in the previou* repmt have ai /ived in good order. Tbu permini-nt way, rolling-stock, aud machinery huvu bee'i carefully tnxpeftert during the pi*t mouth, au-l are certified to be in perfect working order.' From tbe profit »ud loss account the trattb rtwipta amounted to £5,575 12*. Id., agnimt which the workii'U expenses were £5,47ii 3s, 8 J., aud the charge lor interest £725 1H« til. I.* naK Sale i-r Tbamwat Emites.— Two Hundred Adelaide and Buburbnu Trtmwiy fljares were *o!d ou WcduraiUy tantuhi^, November 10. at £5 14*. nett to thu vendur. Lecttjbk on Afi'.ica.— Mr. Gow Jukufifar, the coloured evangelist, delivered a lecture iu the Pirie-street Lecture Hall on vvv.luasday evening on ' Africa and the Af riciris.' There was a large attendance, and tbe Rev. T. liloyil occupied the chuir. The lecturer apix-ared to have a very f»ir knowledge of tha EiiglisJi Jauguege, but his utterance was very indistinct, end he could scarcely be beard in tho back purts of. the hall. He gave »u interesting account of the country in which he w»i born, and of tha pftopie *mong whom ho had lived, and at the close wan awarded a vote uf thankn. Several musical selections were rendered during the evening. Hikdmabeh Cobfobatiok.— TJie Court of Bevision for this Corporation sat ou Monday, November 8, wheu the following clntras were allowed:— Hindmareb, 4; Bowdeu, 1; Uromp ton, 0. ' ' EOBT ADBLAIBB F-BB&BTTHBUN; SCKDAT ecbooi..— Thd tcboUrs of this school aud those of tbe branch/ school at Glanville, ac:;oaiptnied by teachers, parent.*, and other friends, number iug in all about S00, enjoyed a pic i. is at Salis bury on TocfuUy, November 9, on ilia grouuds of Mr. Virgce. After slight refrf-.h'Ueut tbij rrbolars betook themselves with zest ta vuriom nniutementB, *uch &-? cricket, footbill, nwing*, Ac As the day advanced tea wan si-rvhtl, aod tLe gum's were r*-»nroed with as much spirit as rv,T. ' Upon the Ixmr for retaining to thu Port airivJnp, the party were again fortified for the ijoarmy, an3 on quitting the ('rounds gsvq Mjiresaion to; their ofiii^ationi to Mr. Virgoe by thre- ticging che^ri. 2 be weather throughout the day wa« all tbnt could be wished for such an ?«c««-OBu.: No ^eadent whatever occurred to irar tha~ day's enjoyment, and wfapn thy Pars ? ?«»» feM&eJ;, abou t C p va~, there ma but ouo ? opinion regarding tho pleasure wbieh the ou-iug bud afforded to all. Mr. Histie, or Exeter, catered for the company in a w*y tb-t left nothing to be desired. By the kiodi.--»« uf loan friends connected with the coogrvg4tiou toys were freely distributed luioogit the children. : Fnra Art.— Any one possessing & taste for tine ait shoo Id. tee three .beautiful oil paintings now hang ia Mr. J. T. Tacnball'd office, Oartie itreet. One of them is the original oil painting by the elder Herring of the Burans charger, and considered by critics as one of his best produc tions. It ij quite a familiar picture, u it is isany years old, tud has been photographel and I engraved ad lib., bnt it is none the less a pleasure ! to see. The natural attitude and graceful form j of tta beautiful animal as he stands feeding ! . «re simply perfect, and the satiny softness of I bis glossy akin is wonderful. The only fault is the stiff outline of the rein over his neck, ot in its rtraightntsa it mars the graceful carve of the shoulder. This picture should not be i allowed to go out of Adelaide, especially aa it is ote of the bt-st conceptions of an artist who hu j long been dead. The other two are by th9 younger Herring, and are farmyard scenes. One hr» that brightness and prominency in the principal figures bo characteristics of J. F. Berriog, jun., and the groaping of the snimals is admirable. The principal figures are fatmhorses drawn to the life, and the surround ings are in thorough keeping. The third picture represents a number of heavy horses harnessed, ?and being -taken to their work. In thU also the artist has given the true touch to all the life in the scene. There is no stiff arrangement ot ?figures or formal outline, bnt the whole is eisy and thoroughly natural. The anatomy is most faithful, and the foreshortening of one horse in j articular is «- admirably draws that no fault tan be found with it. The general characteristics cf an English farmstead are depicted with a minuteness of detail and an absence of stiffness that testify to the genius of the artist. Culld&ek;'s Hospital Lhctcbbs — Dr. Nesbit delivered the fifth of the present series of lec tures in connection with the Children's Hospital at the Boardroom of that institution on Wed nesday., November 10. The attendance was not numexoTM, about thirty or forty ladies only being present. The subject chosen was, ''Whit onr bodies do,' and the division treated was the qaestion-of the processes through which food passes from the time it is pat to man's use and eaten tilt it enters into the blood. The first process of digestion the lecturer pronounced to be prehension or catching the food, and animals were differently provided with members for this purpose, according to the manner in which they required to obtain their food. Mastication was next treated, a*d the lecturer described the molar and canine teeth with which the process of flesh-eating and grinding the harder kind of food is performed. After mastication followed the process of nixing with saliva called saliva* tion. Each person secreted two or three pints of saliva.' A* this contained phosphates of lime, and so on, as well aa salts, the saliva formed the food into a 'pulp, and converted the starchy substances into the form of sugar, thus causing ' them to digest, a thing which waa not possible with babies. Therefore, to feed babies on starchy substances was as useless as giving them clay or sharing*. The various changes which were brought about in the food in its passage through the stomach, in the juice which* it produced, till part of it passed into the blood and another part was got rid of, were described, as well as the action of the organs 'through which it passed. Food to be nutritious most contain aqueous, albuminous, saccharine, and oleaginous substances, and a dog given bread and water only, which included the two first, died after fifty days. Had he had nothing given him he wonld have lived twenty-five or thirty days. Milk contained all the ingredients he had mentioned, and it was in consequence of that that it was capable of supporting life of itself in the case of children. In concluding, the lecturer stated that he had intended to enter more fully into the subject, but had not time to do so. Tub Shajc Fight. — A correspondent, who signs himself ' A Survivor,' calls attention to the fact that in our report of Tuesday's sham fight no mention is made of the part taken in the proceedings by Major Lovely, who acted throughout the day as Junior Major ef the attacking force, and led the skirmishers up the hill on the left front .to outflank the defence party. 'A Survivor*' also states that it was mainly through Major Lovely's personal exer tions that the members of the 8.A.N.R.A. turned out in such creditable numbers. Our corres pondent further remarks :— ' In meting oat honour to whom honour is due, I think also that the liberality of Host Bedman, of, the Sir John Barleycorn, in supplying beer and bread and cheese to the infantry should be duly chronicled, as these acts of thoughtful kindness on the part of the public go far towards keeping up the spirit of the volunteer movement, and encourage the men in what would, if an rt cognised, be but thankless labours.' Another correspondent has called attention to the liberality of Host Hedman on this occasion, and fnrther states that 'the non-cammissioned officers, on behalf of the men, desire to express their thanks for hu kindness on this and pre vious occasions.' Brojiftok Wkblbt/lx Chcbck Biz * ah. — About the beginning of the present year the trustees of the Brotnpton Wesleyan Church received aa offer of £100 on condition that the congregation raised the sum of £500. They also received promises from a number of gentle men in various sums amounting to £250 upon the same condition. That condition has been met ; the members of the congregation headed ty the trustees have subscribed the £500, but they have done more. In order to reduce the debt by a clear £1,000 the ladies of the con gregation have been at work for some months past preparing a variety of things for a bazaar, and the date of opening was fixed for November 10 in the schoolroom, Erompton, active pre parations for which have been going on for some days pait. The soene on entering the room was cheerful in the extreme, free use hid been made of evergreens and flowers for decoration, and the smiling ladies behind the stalls appeared quite ready and anxious to commence business. At tbe time appointed, . 3 p.m., a hymn was song, and the Rev. R. M. Hunter made a few appropriate remarks in introducing the Hon. John Oolton, M.P.. who cad consented to open the bazaar. Mr. Oolton on xiaing was warmly received. He said he should feel surprised if the iidiea did not pre» ponderate in number on such an occasion as the present, sa the work chiefly devolved on them, and be heartily congratulated them on the dis play he saw before him. Having always felt considerable interest in the cause at Brompton, he was very pleased to hear that they had made such successful efforts to reduce the debt on their handsome and spacious church. Some people had said that they thought the erection of such a building premature, bat he (Mr. Colton) was pleased to hear that on special occasions they found that they had no room to spare. (Cheers.) Mr. Colton then formally declared the bazaar open. Alter a verse of the National Anthem had been sung, business was at once commenced. A really good display of ?useful things were to be seen on the respective .stalls presided over by Mesdames Liwton, Tre genza, -Whiting, Reseigh, J. H. Shearing, and Bradley. Misses Prime, Langman, and Bradley. A. Christmas-tree and flower-stand were und?r the charge of several young ladies, and Mrs. James Coombe and Mrs. Neyle had charge of toe refreshment-table. During the evening a large number of visitors and buyers were present, »nd .great activity prevailed on the put of the sellers. Several musical selections were given by Mr. W. E. Pybns, and several ladies alter nately presided at the pianoforte. The day's takings were estimated to be about £70. This evening Mr. Gow Juku&far; will be present. Coebsb Ti.TKEH3 Costpast. — The half-j early meeting of the shareholders of the Coffee Taverns Company was held ia the Pioneer Coffee£Taveni,Hind'ey-atreefc,on November 10. Mr. W. C. Buik presided, and in submitting the balance-sheet alluded to the balance being on the wrong aide ; but stated that he thought th.it owing to tbe change of management the receipts for the next halt-year would show a profit of 10 per cent, alter all expenses had been paid. The shareholders appeared to be satisfied with the statement of the Directors, and adopted the report and balance-sheet unanimously. It was decided to reduce the number of Directors from seven to three, and Messrs. W. TV. Winwood, J. J. Green, and M. H. Madge were appointed. Norwood MmncrpAi. Elections.— A publio meeting ia called for this evening at the Gold diggers* Anna, for the purpose of hearing tbe vidws of candidates -for the petition of Coun cillors in the East Norwood Ward. 