A WARRNAMBOOL GHOST STORY. Standard. A haunted house in Warrnambool is such a novelty that we give the following ghost story for what it is worth. There is a house in Henna street in which a young woman died some time since, under circumstances which gave .rise to unpleasant rumors atlhe time. The house -is now inhabited', by : Mr J. Manning,'who is about to carry on the business of ;a hay and corn merchant. The apparition which is said to haunt the premises appeared first to two sons of ■the tenant, aged respectively 19 and 25 years of age.. They were sleeping in a small , room of the; house, 1 to the window of which on the night in question there was no. blindr -Tbs elder brother states that about 2 o’clock in the morning he was awakened by' feeling something like a rush of cold air over his face. Think*, ing that the door or window of the apartment was open, he cast his eyes towards each, but observed that they were closed. On settling down again he was con siderably startled at seeing! the'figure of a woman standing by the fireplace a few feet from him. The figure was clad in dark clothes with a kind, of cowl over the head. 'The “ pale glimpses of the moon,” which found, their-way into the chamber were not sufficient to define the. figure,.accurately, so that .its features could not be discerned. With considerable, trepida tion Manning turned to awaken his brother, and for a moment’ took bis eyes off the figure: In that moment it vanished. . Manning asked bis brother to get a light, without saying a word of the spectral ap pearance. " The younger man rose up in bed’ to get a match from bis garment, and be was. immediately rendered speechless, by an appearance in the corner of the room. When he recovered bis speech he ejaculated that there was . a figure in the corner, and retreated under the bed-clothes. Calling their manhood to the rescue,, the two men—stalwart specimens •of the genus homo—made up their minds to solve the mystery. It may be here said that the one who. first saw the spectre did not see it again after losing sight of it at the fireplace. • They both rose together.to "lay the ghost, ’’ but on going to the corner they saw —nothing. The door of the room was closed, and so ; was-the:iwindow, -both being as they had left them ‘ when' 'they hadretired to feat. Such ia th’eir story, and so thoroughly impressed are ’they that they saw an apparition that neither of :them have slept in the room since, blit have taken, up their quarters in the front'room of the house. Every night the sleeping rooms'of the family are now illumi nated, andi lighta'are keptjburning till morning,' in dread of- the ; visitation. It .is probably, because the family were expecting a re appearance of tbe appari tion that it was again, seen a few nights after its first visit, and this time by. the father. Manning pire was' dying awake and looking through the open door of his bedroom into the room where his sons were sleeping: beyond, when a grey figure : with a' cowl ‘ over its' head; such as' described by . the younger son, passed slowly across.the room. -It ap- ( peered as if .it had gained entrance’by the front door,' :but both. front and back doors were found locked after \ the .disappearance : of the .figure. There is no doubt but that r the inmates of the house have bad a. great fright from some cause or other, and there is a disposition to connect the disturbing element withthe; Thanes of the poor girl who breathed her .last in the . Kouao. under, auoli circumatancea that. an investigation into the cause of her death’was rendered necessary^ 