(Sporting Note a. Having dissented the City Handicap last week" I will now iry the C. U. J. Handicap for the guidance of those who Usually take an interest in the event that engrosses the major part of attention at the juty meeting, with twenty-one entrances there should be a good field, but ns n majority of the horses entered mny start for the Maiden much depends upon their running ns to the number of starters in the Big Handicap, Taking the horses in the order named, we find Black Swan again hns the honor of topping the list with Qst. lib. There seems to be some un certainty of the Swan accepting ; even if she does, I don't think she will be able to concede the weight she will have to do to beat the field over two miles, but of course a great deal depends upon her form, in which case no out sider will give her the gn-hy. Crusader with 8st. 61bs. on his hack is fairly treated. With the same weight last year he come all but land ing the j£aoo. He has the advantage of a year so that he cannot be out of it. Barber with 8st. hns a (air impost. If he accepts his chances are none of the worst. Clarence, 7st. 9lbs., 1 don't like. Four years constant at the stud does not improve his chance ol hauling off the big money. Keatsnge from previous performances, in my opinion is rather hardly dealt with, ami should not 1 think give weight to such horses as Lin wood, Bnltcifly and Tlevna. Dc Coureey, however, seems to have faith in his horse and believes llicrc is no telling until the numbers are up. The next (I.inwood) is considered by those who know him to have a good deal the best. of many as regards weight ; ns be is one of those that have not put in an appearance as yet, very little need be said about him. Butterfly has in the 200 been treated I bt-rally, aqd lhotild it be her day out might astonish many o( the knowing ones. Glenaia is a stranger to me, Mozart will not I think be very dangerous, unless his running in the Dctby warrants the supposition. Shamrock, aged, has a light enough weight. Mr. Vincent's knowledge in the matter is no doubt sufficient guide. Althca's running in the Derby will settle tbe matter ot her starting and the chances she mav have. Plevna's inmost is a favorable one. Mirahcau, although light enough in, can have no chance of landing the stake this time. Yarraman although right enough in on paper cannot have the ghost of a chance for the longer distance. His running in the City will, however, settle the matter as to his ability for dragging off the " big money." Polcstar, an improving horse, should be one of the best among the light weights, providing Dugean has him wound-up to racing form. His running in the Maiden will no doubt provide the " cue." The Wreckling will have all his wotk cut out in the Derby to do the trick as regards the 1 handi cap, Frederick, with 6st., judging from present appearances and from his determined style of going is well w< rth watching' The Khadaman- thus coup may be repeated. At present 1 fancy Frederick the best of Fielder's string. Yately, Sst. 12u1s.— -his weight should not trouble him. Some people will say that the distance is too far. I can't exactly see that, knowing he has done ihe distance with a much heavier impost and beaten bis field. Victoria has not arrived as yet, neither has Annandale ; the latter if he does come will most likely be accompanied by Black Swan, The Evening News says the latter has been scratched for all her engagements on the Clarence, owing to her had behaviour at Muswellbrook. This information like a deal more that emanates from the same source is un true and without foundation, in f.ict a flight of imagination. She may, however, not come ; but whichever way it is to be one will know all about it to night, when the acceptances will be posted at the Club Rooms. Zulu, the last on the list, will scarcely be in good enough form, whatever his chances may be in the Maiden or Citv. HIPPOLYTUS. 