HAMILTON. [From our own Correspondent.] The weather in this part of the country has been very unsettled and rough lately. Some of the sheep-farmers are done shearing, more in full operation, trying to make a finish of it against Christmas, and others will not start shearing until after Christmas. A robbery has taken place recently in the district near Macquarie Plains, a bark strippers hut being robbed of a few pounds, etc., by some person or persons unknown. I see that the progress report and evidence taken before the select committee appointed by the House of Assembly during its late sessions, on the motion of the late member for West Hobart, to enquire into our police system, has been printed and circulated. It states that the committee had eleven meetings, and examined nine witnesses, viz., Mr. John Swan, Inspector of Police ; Mr. John Forster, late Inspector of Police ; Mr. Thomas Mason, cx Police Magistrate of Launceston ; Superintendents Coulter, Power, Pedder, and McCluskey, of the Municipal Police; and Chief District Constables Quodling and Lambert, of the Territorial Police. The evidence given by some of the witnesses deserves, and is, subject to criticism. In the first place, I will commence with Mr Superintendent McCluskey, of the Spring Bay municipal police, who states in his evidence before the committee that he was in the Victorian police ; joined Territorial Police of Tasmania in 1859, and the Municipal in 1863, and admits there is no system in either force that municipal government is all bosh, and that an experienced constable would not take a situation in a municipality if he could get employment any- where else; and a man being under so many masters, has made him look as if he was frightened to do his duty, more so than if he had been under Government, and could point out many defects had he been at liberty to do so. One particular case he cites, where he had a councillor to prosecute that that councillor should say to him, "Very well, do what you like you know what I can do." And Mr. McCluskey also states that except in one municipality (Launceston), he thinks the duties of the Territorial Police are more efficient than in municipalities, and he considers that the Government ought to have supreme control of the whole police force. 1st. Now as the Victorian police were, and are still such an efficient and well disciplined force, why did not Superintendent McCluskey remain in that force ? Secondly, when he was in the Territorial Police of this colony why did he not remain, or even since try and get into that force which he eulogises so much T I have no doubt but that the Territorial Police are an efficient body, but it must be admitted that much tact was not displayed by certain members of that force, when in pursuit of the late Hobart Town ghost. Thirdly, Mr. McCluskey joined the Municipal Police in 1863, leaving him at the present time to have been 17 years serving under that municipal system, which he denounces to be bad. If Mr. McCluskey's assertions are correct, why has he lived and served so long under such a corrupted system. Should the police be centralised, I fancy by the tone of Mr. McCluskey's evidence he is on the look out for the appointment of an assistant commissioner of police. Now for Mr. Mason s remarks. Ima gentleman states that he has been a police magistrate since 1831, a period of 49 years-a long time. He has never had any particular experience of the Rural Municipal Police, and says that the superintendents of police are in some instances selected from a very inferior class to what they used to be, most of them having but very little knowledge of law and Mr. Mason further states that he doesn't know anything of the present superintendents of police ; he only knows one, and he don't think much of him ; and he knows actually of some who have stated plainly that they dare not do their duty. I dare say Mr. Mason has so far forgotten the penal days in this colony. What sort of superintendents and chief district constables did he then command in Tasmania, even later than those days? Were they refined and well educated, and had they a good knowledge of the law ? Mr. Mason also defines and explains the inspection of the force by the Inspector of Police. Of course the Inspector must get a blow as well as the entire police force. The evidence of Mr. Coulter, superintendent of the Launceston Municipal Police Force, goes to say that he resigned from the Irish constabulary to come to this colony. He has been connected with the force nearly 23 years, as sub- inspector and superintendent, the latter 14 years. No doubt this gentleman is an efficient officer, but he also seems to be ambitious, and wants a little more command than that he is already in possession of. He states he could under- take the supervision of the districts immediately round Launceston, but of course would require the assistance of a police clerk. However, Mr. Coulter proves by returns and figures that the municipal police are the most efficient and economical. Mr. Superintendent Power, of the Campbell Town Municipal Police, states that he has been council clerk and. superintendent of police for 25 years. The superintendent of police, in his case, is merely nominal. There is a young man fully fit for it under him he considers the police ought not to be centralised, and that no better discipline could be enforced, and that the present divided system would be better than the centralised one but he mentions with reluctance that there are certain superintendents of police good men in their way who can barely read and write, and this seems to him to be hardly consistent with the position they hold. I concur with Mr. Power's views, inasmuch as the police ought not to be centralised and that no better system could be established than that at present existing under municipal government ; but I am of opinion that Mr. Power has overstepped his line of evidence, by trying to throw dirty water upon some of his brother superintendents, by saying that they can barely road or write. There may be one or two exceptions. I don't know of any I don't think that the efficient subordinate officer who is under the control of Mr. Power, and of whom he speaks so highly is possessed of such refined and high education as looked for by Mr. Power at all events, he ceased to hold office in the neighbouring municipality, and was afterwards admitted into the Campbell Town Police Force during the time, I believe, that the present Inspector of Police had the honour of being Warden. I am sorry to see that a little jealousy exists between Superintendent Pedder, of the Hobart Town Municipal Police, and Chief District Constable Quodling, of the Territorial Police of Hobart, as appears by evidence and memory. I will now revert to the present Inspector's views of centralisation of the police, and the reasons that the Wardens and councillors should lose the control of the police. First, Mr. Swan states that the force would be better centralised under one head of government. Mr. Swan also states that, under the present system, the Executive Government have no agents under their control to carry or furnish them with confidential information outside the limits of the Territorial Police. Surely Mr. Swan don't mean to say that all and every one of the municipalities and their police force have turned tail upon him May I ask Mr. Swan what has the Territorial Police done ? Mr. Swan goes on by saying, if the police were centralised, he should not require more than three superintendents, or perhaps our, thus attaining greater efficiency. I have no doubt this could be managed, especially if a fair lii>nlrnn.r1ntvh gentleman WAnted employment. as no doubt the sorrow of a superintendent then would be increased to about £500 a year-a nice salary indeed and many appointments would be then made from outside the ranks of the Tasmanian police force. I can't see what reason the Government has for complaining about the present police force. If the Government were to get the sole control of the police, in one month from hence it would be impossible for the Inspector to establish a better system of discipline than that now in existence under the control of the Municipal Councils ; there might be a little change made for the better in the way of joining the small municipalities into the larger ones. I 