GENERAL HEWS. Tlie steamer Somerset arrived at Port Darwin from Sydney via Oooktown on Novem ber 6, and sailed again on November 7. . Mr. C. M. Muirhead will address the ratepayers of New Glenelg Ward at the Broad-' way Hotel this evening. The name of Miss L. Egan was omitted from the list of saloon passengers by the steamer Aldinga, which sailed for Melbourne on Friday last. j By the steamer South Australian,' which arrived from Melbourne on Monday morning, the Hon. G. 0. Hawker and Mr. R. Rees, M.P., were passengers. In another column will be found the time table of the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway Company for the' public holiday to morrow. It will be observed that on this day all trains will call at Goodwood. The members of the South Australian National Rifle Association will parade at the drill-shed, North-terrace, at 9 o'clock to-morrow! morning. A notice posted in the General Post Office states that to-morrow being a publio holiday, telegraphic offices in South Australia will be closed between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. Am officer will be in attendance at the chief office 1 daring the day, and can he communicated with; by ringing the bell at the back of the office;. Information was given to the police on : Monday, November 8, by W. J. K, Tonkin, of 'Sydney-place, Halifax-street, that his infant child had died suddenly in the night. The: child was seen by the parents :about 3 o'clock in; the morning, when it wass all right, but after ; daybreak the-mother found the ohild was dead, having probably; been accidentally. suffocated i 1 y the bedclothes. The Coroner has bsen com-j mnnicated with, and is making enquiries. : To-morrow, the Prince of Wales's Birth day, those persons on pleasure bent and desirous of baring a trip on the briny, will have a splen did opportunity of enjoying themselves by taking a run across the Gulf to Edifchburg in the steamer Emu, which leaves* Port Adelaide for that port on the arrival of the 8.30 a m. train from Adelaide, returning in time to meet the 9.30 p.m. train for town; Other holiday seekers who do not wish to go so far from home can take a run to Glenelg in the steamer Ade laide, which leaves the Port at II o'clock in tbe morning, returning shortly before 9 o'clock in the evening. Late on Sunday night, November 7, a fire broke out in the north-west corner of the: Port Adelaide Market Buildings in a shop occu-; pied by Mr. Burns, greengrocer. Fortunately it was confined to some casks and bags of flour, and was soon extinguished by the energetic, efforts of the police. Mr. P. Sanders, the! Deputy-Superintendent of the Fire Brigade was also in attendance with No. 1 reel, bnt the water was not turned on. No damage was done: to the building, which is insured with the South British Insurance Company. This is the second fire within the last six months, occntring in the* same part of the market buildings. The following is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Fort Darwin Telegraph Line:—Port Darwin, oalm, clear, fine, very hot; Southport, oalm, cloudy, thunderstorm in night; Tarn Greek, calm, clear, fine; Pine Greek, calm, clear, fine; River Catherine, calm, clear, fine; Daly Waters, S.E., clear, fine; Powell Greek, oalm, clear, fine; Tennant Greek, S.E.. clear, fine; Barrow Greek, S B., dear, fine; Alice Springs, S.E., clear, fine; Charlotte Waters, S.B., dear, fine; Peake, E., clear, fine; Strang ways Springs, S.E., dear, fine; Farina, S.E., dear, fine; Beltana, N.E., clear, fine. Messrs. Williams and Cleave'a tender for the new Presbyterian Ohuroh, Port Adelaide, has been accepted, the price being, £3,993. An adjourned meeting of the committee of the Gawler Institute was held on Friday, evening,November 5, for the purpose of electing a secretary and librarian in place of Mr. M. M» Whitton, who is removing to Adelaide. Twenty-; four applications were received, and Mr. Otto Wehrstedt was appointed by a majority of one over Mr. Alfred Drakard, a recent arrival from. England. A married woman named Smith, of Queenstown, was recently confined of a child, which died shortly afterwards, on account it was presumed of the mother being unattended by any medical man or midwife at the time of its birth, and the necessary attention therefore not being given to her. The city coroner after making en quiries did not consider an inquest necessary. A small sum was collected by sub-ins peofcor Sullivan to supply the pressing wants of Mrs. Smith, who is in very poor circumstances. On Sunday evening, November 7, the police reported to the city coroner the Badden death of a girl of 13 named Mary Ann Hartigan, living in Gray-street, off Franklin-street. From enquiries made it was ascertained that, deceased had been subject to fit3 for some time,' and that she had one a few hours before her death, but herjfriends, thinking she wonld re cover, delayed sending for medical aid. Dr. Dixon was called, and attended immediately, but found the girl dead. The coroner, after visiting the house and interviewing the doctor, deoided that an inqnest was not necessary. Mr. S. Holding who left Mount Gambier for a trip to England about six months ago,: returned last week. According to the S. E. Star: he does not speak glowing'y of the improvement: made in the mode of agriculture in Licolnshrre during the past quarter of a century. He say3: the same style of wooden plough is still in use as the farmers there used 25 years ago, aad that it is drawn by three horses, which are driven one; before the other as in the days of his boyhood. American scythe-handles are unknown in the district he visited, the straight stick cut from a neighboring hedge still doing duty as of yore. In fact the farmers have not moved oat of the grcovein which their fathers before themlabored. When told there were scores of men in Austra lia who could shear their 100 sheep a day they were incredulous and wonld not'believe the; statement that number being considered the work of four men. Mr. Matthew Burnett held his third temperance mass meeting at Port Adelaide on Saturday evening, November 8. As on the previous occasions there was a very large at tendance. Dr. Bollen presided, and there were also on the platform Mr. W. Stephens (hon. sec.), Mr. E. Honnslow, and the Revs. S. Ray mond, J. 0. Kirby, J. Price, A. Stubbs, and R. Kelly. In opening the proceedings the chair man gave a long address on temperance, recom mending individual influence as the best means of preventing drunkenness. Mr. Matthew Burnett followed with an able temperance 'address. He alluded, to his recent visit to ths Stockade, where he bad obtained promises from 100 of the inmates never to tonch intoxicating drinks again; In the Adelaide Gaol he had.managed to get €0 per cent, of the prisoners to sign the pledge, about a dozen of whom when they .left the gaol had obtained situations through his means. He had also a few days previously, visited the reformatory hulk, and gained pledges; from all the boys there. The Rev. J. Price also spoke on temperance During the evening selections of music were given by the Magill Band and several amateurs. A choir under the able superintendence of Mr. M.Morgan was also in attendance. Mr. Burnett's temperance meetings at Port Adelaide have| been remarkably successful. Daring the week just closed 350 pledges were taken (whioh in cludes the boys on the reformatory hulk). At Saturday night's meeting 84 additional signa tures were taken, making a total up to the present time of 1,104 pledges for Port Adelaide and its snhnrbs. On Sunday evening Mr. Bur-: nett preached in the Wesleyan Ohurch, Port Adelaide, taking as his subject "The great ; change." . • it will Tbe seen by advertisement that the steamer Emu will sail for Fort Pirie on Thurs day next instead of on Wednesday, her usual day. This alteration has been caused through' the 9th being a holiday. A conversazione in connection with the1 Adelaide Young Men's Sooiety will be held this evening in the Stow Lecture-hall. The musical portion of the entertainment will be under the direction of Mr. W. B. Knox. There was a large attendance at Garner's; Theatre on Saturday night, when Professor; Pepper gave another of his highly interesting entertainments. The programme was a very good one, and embraced weird, goblinistic, fantastic, romantic, incomprehensible, and en-i chanting effects. The magioian's startling reve lations with the floating head, and Oupid and the love letter, were well received. The shadow pantomime and the live insects jumping about in a drop of water evoked mnoh surprise. To morrow evening the entertainment is announce! to illustrate "Gunpowder and fireworks." The: professor will also photograph the ghost on the' stage, and distribute 250 cards amongst the audience. On Friday night he will take his benefit, when the remainder of the photographs will be given away. On this occasion Professor Pepper will burn a diamond fnrnished by Mr.: Hay, jeweller, and among a nnmber of brilliant experiments he will exhibit a live canary in the centre of a large flame. The following are the entries and handi caps for 'the athletic sports in connection with: the Catholic picnic in the Exhibition grounds, to-morrow:—100 yards flat race—T. Hubble, scratch; J. Irving, 5 yards; J. Bedford, 5 yards; J. Tilden, 6 yards; J. Fitzgerald, 7yards; B. Coonan, 7 yards; A. Farmer, 7 yards; E. Fitz gerald, 9 yards; J. Brown, 10'yards. 220 yards; flat race—T. Hubble, scratch; J. Irving, 12 yards; J. Badford, 12 yards; J. Fitzgerald, 12 . yards; J. Tilden, 14 yards. 220 yards hurdle: race—T. Hubble, soratoh; E. Oolbey, 7 yards; B. J. Judd, 9 yards; J. Fitzgerald, 12 yards; W. Bawhey, 13 yards. 150 yards hnrdle race—: T. Hubble, scratch; E. Colbey, 4 yards; B. J. Judd, 6 yards; J. Fitzgerald, 7 yards; E. Fitzgerald, 8 yards; W. Bawhey, 8 yards.' Three mile bicycle race — W. Kiiunel, scratch; J. Tinsley, 80 yards; W. Nell, 100 yards; L. F. Sillitoo, 100 yards; W.i Tyler, 150 yards; E. Lapthorne, 200 yards.' Half-mile flat race—T. Hubble, scratch;^ J. Whittlesea, 5 yards; W. Francis, 5 yards; J.' Butler, 15 yards; J. Morrison, 15 yards; A.i Smith, 25 yards; A. Farmer, 30 yards; B.i Coonan, 45 yards; J.Brown,50yards. An aboriginal'woman named Johanna! Boss, better known as Johanna Bull, was re-j cently admitted to the Mount Gambier Hos pital suffering from a broken arm, cansed by a: gunshot wound., She died from blood poisoning! on Wednesday, November 3. She was visited [ (says the South-Eastern Star) by Mrs. Jas, Smith, j the proteotor'of aboriginals for the district, and ! by the Bev. E. Masterman, previous to her death. | They found her very sensible, and she expressed j • her. determination not to return to bush life i should she recover. Her .account of the acci-: dent was that a man named Dunn Bartlett 're- j quested her to hold the gnu while he. cut up; >ome tobacco, and that while it was in her band; she slipped from the log-on Wbioh she was j stanoiBg and her foot touched the trigger,which ; caused the charge to explode, and the Bhot to j break her arm. A bandage was placed so tightly round the injured limb as to stop the circulation of the blood, and it was some time before a conveyance could be obtained to bring her to Mount Gambier. Had Bhe received at tention and skilful treatment promptly the pro bability iB that she would soon have recovered. Mrs. Smith tells us that part of the chaige must have entered above the elbow, and that death was quite unexpected up to Wednesday morn ing. The peor woman seemed to fret greatly at the absence of her father, whom Bhe frequently expressed a wish to see. He is in the vicinity of the Glenelg. On Friday, November 5, a pigeon match was fired at Nairne for a silver cup presented by a local Boniface. The Mount Barker paper states that there were a dozen competitors, in cluding some noted shots. The proceedings commenced, with a sweep, which was won by Mr. "Sates, of the Morning Star, and eventually the cup was carried off by the same competitor after an exoiting contest for it with Mr. Griffin, of Woodside, several ties having to be shot off. The birds were very strong, and when they rose were quickly out of range and sight too. The following team has been chosen to play against the Adelaide and Suburban Associa tion Eighteen on Saturday, November 13, on the OvalMessrs. B. J. Furnell (captain), Knill, Biinman, Arthur, Caterer, Botten, Brown, Mitchell, Thurgarland, Norman, Waldron; emergency men—Stow, Ayers, and Quilty. At the last meeting of the committee preliminary arrangements were made for giving the Aus tralian Eleven a hearty public welcome on their return, and the sub- committee meet early in the week to make final arrangements for their re ception. Our readers will he interested in learning that Mr. Allison, who is in Melbourne, has re ceived a cablegram from Trickett, stating he is in excellent health and certain of success in his great contest with Hanlan on the 15th insb. Some of our leading sportsmen among the Adelaideana who are now in the Victorian metropolis have subscribed a thousand pounds to send home for the purpose of backing Trickett; and this practical expression of their confidence in his prowess will no donbt stimu late the Sydney oarsman to row his hardest and his best when he meets the Canadian in the race for the championship of the world. A drill review and athletic sports in connection with the North Adelaide Grammar School took place at the foot of Montefiore Hill on Saturday afternoon, November 6. There was a large attendance of competitors and their friends, and the majority of the events were well contested. The drill review, in which 169 boys were engaged, was a most creditable affair, the very excellent manner in which the boys marched and counter-marched and went through the various extension motions reflecting the very greatest praise on their instructors. In deed the advantages which are to be derived from a thorough system of drilling were well marked in the physiques of many of the boys, and its effect in after life cannot well be overestimated. Of course thejgreatest en thusiasm prevailed amongst the boys over the various events, and this spirit even extended to some of the most sober minded of the spectators, the merry shouts and boy-like chaffing recalling perhaps not unwelcome memories of the past. One of the events which caused the greatest merriment was the tug of war, in which the sides were captained by Messrs. R. Whinham and J. H. Lyons, but Mr. Lyons's team proved themselveB to possess the greatest staying power and gained a well-earned victory. The Concordia . Band was in attendance, and added to the enjoyment of the proceedings by playing several selections of music. The following are the results of the various events :—Hundred yards flat race, for boys under ten years of age, spectrograph, R. Gullen; time, 25 sees. Hundred yards flat . race for boys under twelve years of age, parlor game, presented by Mr. W. C. Bigby, K. Dobbs; time, 14 sees. Hundred yards flat race, for boys under four teen years of age, nickel silver clock, P. Whitby; time, 13| sees. Hundred yards oham pion race, silver cup, M. B. Ran dell; time, 11 sees. Bnnning high jump, gentleman's travel ling bag, T. A. Wilson, scratch; height 5 feet 1 inch. Two hnndred and twenty yards flat race, for boys under thir teen years of age, electro-plated jelly dish, P. Whitby, scratch; time, 3l§ sees. Two hundred and twenty yards handicap flat race, for boys over thirteen years of age, bntcer cooler, M. B. Randell, scratch; time, 29 seos. Throwing the cricket ball, silver pencilcase, J. Richardson; distance, 95 yards. Banning hop, step, and jump, photc album, A. Lawson; dis tance, 36 feet 8 inches. Drill review, ladies' bag, won by the company under the command of Mr. J. H. Lyons. Tug of war, won by Mr. Lyons's team. Bnnning long jump, aluminium pencilcase,- A. Lawson; distance, 18 feet 6 inches. Two hundred and twenty yardB handi cap hurdle race, for boys under fourteen years of age, kaleidoscope, W. Luxmoore, 3 yards; ivory penoiloase, T. Dobbs, 10 yards; time, 37£ sees. Two hundred and twenty yards handicap hurdle race, for boys over fourteen yean of age, opera glasB, M. B. Randell, scratch; aluminium pencilcase, J. D.Brace, 8 yards; time,31f sees. Kicking football, drop-kiok, gentlemen's travel ling bag, A. Lawson. Half-mile handicap, for boys under fourteen years of age, silver cap, W. Luxmoore, scratch; game,T. Dobbs, 20 yards; time, 2 min. 59 sees. Mile race, handicap, silver watch, J. D. Bruce, 10 yards; kaleidoscope, P. Ayliffe, 40 yards; inkstand, B. D. Whyte, 50 yards; time, 6 min. 24 sees. Old scholars' race, 150 yards handicap flat, gold locket, W. Oowau; time, 15| sees. The prizes were distributed at the close of the sports by Mrs. B. V. Joyner, for whom and the teachers three very hearty cheers were given. The last concert of the series of Mayor's Popular Concerts which have been given daring the paBt few months was held in the Town Hall On Saturday evening, November 6. The original series of concerts was concluded about a month ago, but it was arranged, much to the satisfaction of a large number of persons, to give four additional entertainments,.and Saturday evening's, concert was the concluding one of the supplementary course. When these entertain ments for the people were inaugurated some doubts were expressed as to their fulfilling the intended purpose, but their sucoess soon became undeniable,and the character of the concerts was improved from time to time until they bsoame sufficiently high class to meet with the apprecia tion of the most exacting. It is not desirable' to draw comparisons, but it may safely bs said that the last concert was one of the hestand most successful of the season. There was a good attendance in alTparts of the hall, and the pro gramme was carried , out in admirable style under the couductorship of Hons. Meilhan and Mr. Geo. Robertson. Mr. T. H. Jones opened the entertainment by playing the over-; cure to the "Bohemian Gid" on the organ. The music was done full justice to and the num ber appeared to be thoroughly appreciated. Mr. T. Narroway contributed the song "Ruby" (Gabriel) in a tasteful and effective manner, his voice being well suited, to the song. The violoncello solo, "Impromptu" (Harmston), given by Mr. F. Winterbottom, B.A.M., was a treat, and the performance was enthu siastically received by the audience. Madame' Robertson gave the song, "To my guid ing star" (Robandi), by request, witi- * violoncello obligato. Madame Robertson had a fair opportunity of displaying her talent as a vocalist, and the song was given with rare expression and finish. The audience expressed their approval in a hearty manner, and demanded a reappearance. Mons. Meilhan gave the audience a most enjoy able exhibition of his ability as a pianist. He played " Marche Funebre" (Beethoven), " Funeral March of a Marionette" (Gounod), and "March from Tannhausser" (Wagner), each selection being rendered in suoh a manner as to call forth enthusiastic applause. Mr. G. H. Nash gave the song "The Vagabond" (Molloy) in his usual pleasing style, and this number olosed the first portion of the programme. Mr.: Narroway,_ after the interval, sang " The Arab's farewell" (Blockley) in a spirited and highly creditable manner, and Mr. Winter bottom followed with another violoncello solo " Andantino. and allegro" (Tours), whioh was highly appreciated. Madame Robertson gava a cavatina and allegro from "Due Foscari" (Verdi) in a most excellent manner, and was rewarded for her efforts with the unstinted applause of the audience. Mons. Meilhan met; with a good reception on his second appearance at the piano, and kept his hearers charmed for a considerable time with the music which he pro duced. A duet, "11 Pallor Funesto," from "Luoia d£Lammermoor," by Madame Robertson and Mr. G.H.Nash,was thoroughly enjoyed, as was also the organ solo, selections from "Lombardi" (Verdi), by Mr. Jones. The audience throughout the evening signified their hearty approval of the numbers, and the con cert passed, off most successfully. These con ceits have proved to be a source of pleasure to such a'large number of citizens that it is to be .sincerely .hoped they will be resumed when the proper time arrives next year. 