ARISTOCRACY AND PEOPLE. C Pall Mall Gazette.) There is somethiug profoundly displeasing to a certain class of minds in that growth of the power of the" people which is the most remarkable feature in the political history of the nineteenth century." To them it signifies only , that ignorance is treading off the heels of knowledge, that the folly of the many is overmastering the wisdom of the few. That the welfare of a nation is the. chief considera- . tion will be admitted ; but this cannot lie attained by the present route. Far from it : we are on the wrong track, aud each step dies but take us further from our right goal. How can society progress, we are asked, when mediocrity or even sheer downright stupidity rules the roast, and the one idea is to pass measures which shall-' accord with The views of the majority of mankind ? That must be wrong. What can the majority have to say in the matter ? Mostly fools, they had far better go on cutting bread and butter with as good, a knife as they can. get., and leave the question as to how they are to come by so much or so litt'le'of it to the' consider ation of their superiors. For that anyone should -suppo'Se that' ordinary common Englishmen can-; progress sufficiently to form a sound judgment on auy questiou whatsoever argues in him an inca pacity to appreciate plain facts.- The proper posi tion of the democracy is to be "controlled by the upper class ; they are to do. their duty iu that state of life, and so forth, as in tlie days - when slavish-, ness was the first duty of man. For the tipper classes alone have true political intelligence ; they alone possess some divine faculty of knowing by intuitiou what must be best for others; and they alone are able to throw- aside selfishness and by. infiuite self-sacrifice to govern for the greatness aud beuefit of all. And ever and anon, in; proof of this political thesis, we are treated to a sort of prose patter-song in which Athenians and Vene tians, Roman senators and American slavedrivers weave a dance of oligarchic jnbilation round Mr. Darwin's theory of the survival of the fittest, while the ghost of a Radical historian is dragged iu as chorus to point the moral of the show The Re form Bill of 1832 spelled discomfiture and hnmilia- .tion; that of 1867 represented a further, plunge; into the gulf; Mr. Forster's Education Act was a revolntionary'measure ; the County Suffrage Bill must involve " utter ruin, and the vote which brought about the downfall of the late Administra tion is literally and trnly tlie accursed tiling. In short, the palmy days of English history were those wheu rotten boroughs and .sinecures were plenty, when the Prime Minister ticked off his bribes to honourable members, and the great land owners looked upon a clainilto independence ou the part of a hanger, or), i;s worse than high treason. It is tberefqrp scarcely worth while to reason with such stuff as tips ; but as its veneer of learning may jrppose upon some, and its pretence to philo? gopfiy influence others, it may not be out of place to consider for a moment why" i8 this dangerqlis democratic movement which we are told is about to sweep away, our landmarks, and why we should feel so much beholden to the aristocratic system which is able to maintain on this theory our posi tion in the world. For, in the first place, what do the great bulk of Englishmen owe to our privi leged class ? No great reform has ever emanated from that body, and for generations it has produced no great statesman. On the contrary, until oar owu day, when the irresistible strength of the people has been sufficiently organised to make it self felt, the House of Lords has as a body resisted every reform, and the aristocratic statesmen have been precisely those who most injured the com munity. They have neither created the empire nor have they preserved it. All Frankliu's efforts to convince tliem that the real greatness: of the country demanded a due consideration for. the colonists of North America ; all his arguments that a magnificent empire where only the English tongue would be spoken might extend from the bt. Lawrence to the Gulf of Mexieo, and from the Atlantic to the Mississippi River— all his eloquence fell upon dull ears. Those who listened and those who strove against the madness oE the hour were; not aristocrats ; they were men of the people, who understood the issues that were liiddeu from the selfishness of men of rank. Aud thus it has ever been. .It is almost sufficient to name a great crisis in our history, whether foreign or domestic, to see at once that the class which is supposed to liiive done so much for England has' invariably ranged1 itself ou the wrong side.' The contest against, .Na-:. noleon himself was supported far more from feat of what might be the result of Frcuch opinions here than because the well- being: of: the mass off Englishmen was anywise involved. Two ad vant ages the aristocracy oE England have possessed which have enabled them to retain iufluenee to our own time, and may yet enable them to retain it witli benefit to the community. Unlike France, in England the children of the titled classes soon mingle again with the people, and they have even shown a capacity for selecting leaders who should serve them as well as, or before, the country from the other classes. But then Englishmen would never have submitted for a moment to the infamies of aneien regime; and unless some skill had been shown in dealing with them, the whole theory .of caste would long since have been submerged. Even if it were not so — if all that is contended were true, if the aristocrats of old times were the real patriots — what has that to do with the period we are now in 1 Within, the last generation greater changes have been wrought iu the condition of mankind "than in whole ages before. Railways, telegraphs, postal facilities are the growth of the last 30 or 40 years. Are these not to be reckoned with in estimating the sort of government under which men cau live nowadays? Reading and hearing daily of what is going on, the natural inclination of the people, is as certainly towards improvement and progress as that of the higher orders towards stiignatiou. None love to see the harriers which have hitherto hedged them in forcibly broken down. If there is one thing more plain than another it is that the artisans and working- classes of our great cities are determined that some of the inequalities of their condition'; shall in a right and proper manner be relieved. This is the long and the short of the matter — that, owing to the regard for rank and presumed intel lectual superiority natural to: Englishmen, to that utter want of envy which is oue of their noblest attributes, a great opportuuiiy does still lie before the class for whioh the monopoly of politica capacity is so absurdly claimed. The changes and reform which They could not or would not inaugurate are in the hands of others. Let them, now show merely an anxiety to strengthen: measures which they could not briDg themselves1 to deal with, and thus, as they have been coun selled by some of tlie ablest of those who wish them well, guide the stream that beyond all question they have not the strength to dam back. To say that Englishmen as a nation are likely; to oppuse progress under any system of voting or To let their empire slip from them .is to evinie a lamentable ignorance of the character of the race Our democracies, whether in the United States or , our own colonies, have a remarkable faculty of. righting their mistakes as well as of holding hard to what is their own. 'It would be well for all classes here if the aristocracy were to take the lead in the inevitable movement instead of wring ing their hands at the progress of the democracy, or rejoicing iu tbe more or less direct vilification of their own countrymen. 