The Advertiser. MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1880. PROTECTIONISM continues to make futile-<*> spurts in our Australian colonies. In every direction there are signs of the anxious per-<*> sistency with which the advocates of in- dustrial monopoly strive to win adherents. Even in Victoria it would seem that pro tectionists are becoming less cocksure of the permanency of the present restrictive system. Frequent exposures of the vicious operation of the pernicious tariff hare ap parently alarmed those who are permitted to enjoy the spoils filched from consumers; and as a consequence the defenders of the barbarous citadel of monopolists reiterate the stale pretexts originally devised to hood wink the community which is robbed pec force. In £9veral quarters the murmurs of those oppressively taxed for the benefit of a few manufacturers have risen into a loud protest, which cannot be quite un heeded even by the Berry Ministry. Week after week the public eyes are being opened to the barefaced imposition to which the community is subjected, and in course of time it is probable that by gathering to gether the bonafide statistics now coming to light a formidable case against Victorian protection will be established. One of the latest examples of the practical working of the protective duties is furnished by a hat importer, who shows that the indispen sable article in which he deals is sold at an exorbitant price merely because one or two local manufacturers have managed to get round the Government. The ad valorem duty on hats mounts, he shows by authentic figures, a3 high as 120 per cent, so that the purchaser of a hat in Victoria pays double the price he could get the article for were the duty abolished. Perhaps farmers do not buy many hats, but in these days of keen com petition they can hardly dispense with agricultural machinery. Now, one of a deputation who waited on the Victorian Commissioner of Customs very recently stated that a threshing machine costs £100 more in consequence of the protective duty than it did twenty years ago. He further remarked that an Tftigliah firm offered a machine for £383 10s. which could not bd produced in Melbourne for less than £670. These facts were not disputed, and they certainly reveal a monstrous state of affairs. It is no wonder that at the second annual Farmers' Union Conference just held a proposal to pass a resolution in favor of a protective duty on feeding grains and stock was strongly re probated. The proposition was unani mously condemned after a brief discussion, during which the chairman said that protective duties in any shape or form, would not benefit the farming interest. Ho further remarked that there could be no doubt "the farming community would derive more benefit from free ports and open markets than from any protective duties, and he believed that the time was not fat distant when the farmers of the colony to a man would go in for free ports." As ths> opinion of a representative farmer this ex pression must have considerable weight. But in all likelihood other classes will speak out as plainly in behalf of free trade when Mr. Berry's promised tariff commis sion begins to enquire into the whole subject. When that much needed investigation takes place it wQI be demon strated that even the class for whom pro tection is chiefly, if sot exclusively, main tained does not grow particularly strong - while nourished in the lap of the State. The Argus in commenting on Sir John Robertson's speech at Deniliquin, in which reference was made to the comparative progress of New South Wales in contrast with Victoria, observes—« The increase of population, the buoyancy of the revenue, the expansion of trade, the growth of imports and exports, and the development of the shipping and manufacturing inte rests of New South Wales, all attest the soundness of her fiscal policy, and the solidity of her welfare." These results are mainly ascribable to her adhesion to freer principles of commerce than are recognised by Victoria, who has thrown away splendid opportunities while laboring under protec tionist hallucinations. Despite the jeremiads of a protectionist coterie in the mother colony, it has been proved that New South Wales manufacturers prosper without the wetnursing of the State, independently, that is to say, of vexatious imposts that make every imported article dearer without actually enriching the manufacturiagclasses. Yet in face of this notorious truth the Sydney League has announced that it will support no candidate at the forthcoming election who does not declare for the encouragement of native industries. At the same time it is obvious that the phrase does not mean the same thing in the mouths of all the members of the league. Some boldly avow a predilection for absolute protection, tanta mount in fact to prohibition; others again would apparently be satisfied with mode rate duties on articles producible in the colony. In both instances, however, the actual desire is virtually the same, for although a prohibitive duty is not openly demanded, a vague request tnat colonial industries should be sufficiently protected can as a rule signify little short of this. It is idle to speak of these industries taking root of themselves when a condition prece dent is that the soil must be generously prepared for them by the State, which again must nurse and tend them in the slight hope of foster ing them to a vigorous maturity. Cloak their designs as they may these Sydney protectionists cannot gainsay the charge that their real object is to pit pro tection against free trade. That they require to fence with the question and try to dis guise their manifest aim in hazy terms betrays significantly their consciousness that their case if argued on its merits is despe rately weak. As it is they can with diffi culty muster a score of persons at their weekly meetings, while only thirty people could be brought together to hear the big un, Mr. David Buchanan. Such farcical hostiHtytotiie accepted fiscal^polby olftbe ooktry would be unworthy of .notice inn it not that we know from ■^Tjfffon^ that a; arfall, band" of at te?tian simply by_ making moeh noise. Wist is equally surprising is tiw effrontery of clamant reatrictiomsts who have the hardihood in the face of palpable proofs to the ■contrary to assert tfeafc! protection would oheapen production. <^eneTatities of this sort divert ratter titan comince those who Ban. afford to regard the whole matter from an impartial standpoint. Sot lately Protectionists were par ticularly jubilant over their prospects in Queensland, yet it (turns out that during the recent debates.on the tariff they were unable to snatch any tangible victory. On die contrary, at tempts to increase a I valorem duties on several articles were successfully resistel, incontestably showing that the spasmodic agitation in favor of restriction was more clamorous and unreal than influential or popular. Protectionists there as else where blow hot and cold. They insist on encouragement to native industries until anch time as these are strong enough to fight their own battle in tLe open market, yet, almost in the same breath, they pro claim tb« immeasurable superiority of apro tective compared with a free trade system, When driven in search of illustrations to support their inconsistent contention, they confidently refer to the .general adoption of protectionists news in AmhrifMt and on the Continent of Europe. In this shifty way they jxratriva to throw a glamor over their real -desigas. ludas trial monopoly is clearly their settled ob ject, and .to secure it they will descend to any controversial tricks that tend to pro mote the artificial assistance desiderated by them. In one form, however', their case is not altogether hopeless. In' giving a slight differential preference to colonial ten ders Australian Governments can pro mots, native industries without going far in the way of protection. Strictly speaking, such a concession is not in" accordance with free - tzade principles, still it is, perhaps, the least objectionable deviation. But it is far otherwise when a proposal is made to tax commodities from abroad simply in order that straggling manufac tures may be reared at the expense of the community, which could be better as well as more cheaply eeryed in aa unrestricted market The tendency towards free inter change is now bo patent that there is no serious reason to fear, that the colonies prone to it will suffer an early relapse to the opposite policy, or that the approaching elections here and in New Sonth Wales will betray any regrettable backsliding in thia supremely important matter. Ever since he arrived in these colonies Dr. Moorhouse has consistently, in season and oat of season, promulgated his viewa on religious education in the State schools, and it was not likely that he would let alip the opportnnity of reiteration presented by his Presidentship of the Elucational Depart ment of the Social Science Congress at melboume. ' To the three B's be would add yet a foorflvr-religion. He conscien tiously believes lhat no education can be complete which is not founded on a reli gions t*"""i *"fl fhmt Out only effective text-book for such instruction is the Bible, which, therefore, ought not to be "bamehed from tin schools. 1' Here again 'there is an exaggeration of language which is misleading to those wito are iinaeqaatnted with the facts. -The Bible is hot baniatan1 from the schools in the sense of baing a. proscribed book, bat it is not sanctioned as a'text-book to be asfed \j State- paid teachers in State-pro vided schools, and within the statutory htt^which is a very different thing. In Victoria, as in Sooth Anstulia, the mini atenof xefigkmare made 'welcome to the school premises at certain times and on certain conditions, and in them are per* mitted, if not encouraged, to assemble the children of parente belonging to their own persuasion/and teach them according to the tenets which,-they themsives profess. It is trne that the ministers have hard!/ in any case availed themselves of these opportunities, but «he State is not to Mame for tiiat. In Sooth there is the additional prorisioa that the Bible may be read by the teacher before eehool hours in the *"fflr l"|l J g if the pttftntw it, but again it is true that this proviso is rarely taken advantage of. The theory on which oar legislators proceed is Intelligible enough. We have no National Church in these colonies, .The adult population re pudiate State interference in their religious instruction, and the Government acknow ledges their right to do so. But the very principle which prevents the State from teaching religion to the grown-up persons precludes it from offering such instruction to the young, and the privilege which the parent claims for bimsalf of choosing bis own religions teacher logically carries with it the obligation of making similar choice for his family. Rom what an the objections to the course at present pursued in these colonies? Bishop Moorhouee says that "so long as edaeation is purely secular compulsion is nothing less than oppression," and he fortifies bis position by the authority of Baron Donald Mackay, the Butch Minister of Education, who in reply to the ques tion why education is secular and not com pulsory in Holland answers, "It cannot be compulsory, because it is secular. .If.it were made compulsory it would be neces sary to permit schools to be recognised as State public schools." We caanot see the force of this reasoning, though no doubt many ■who uphold Bishop Moorhouae's views would be prepared 'and delighted to accept the Dutch Minister'e alternative. There is no*p«nDj in the State saying that the children % edncatwii. wbolly or partially, from the public •arse it will instruct only in those subjects which are common to all elementary schools, and that it will insist that all children shall be taught a know ledge jpf those natters, but that it will not incbile wench compulsory coarse any sub jects concerning which there is not general agisemeiajt. Mor waali c flw g&t;&natiw; which. Bishop Moorhoase prefers at aU diminish the diflSculty. He'believes tiiat in &c; present ppeilaea of pcJJieopisiaatfafi compuJsory clause Is nefte«ary f aHda4dB,^l wopldprppose that BjbJ^al Japtrae^o? be' restoiied to a place upon the Bettft eubjects to be taogtt by tie schoolmaster, -iwooti hare such instruction undenominational, and accompanied ]by a cooscieooa daase | allowing any parent to withHraw^ chil dren if lie please*." But ia there no op pression even in this alternative? Is it fair to compel some teachers to gin lessons in subject! to which they, have not bean specially trained and of which they may conscientiously disapprove? Is it light to restrain other teachers from making ex planations and comments which their zeal fox what they consider the truth of God prompts them to ofier? Ii it just to shortan available school hours for children whose parents may conscientiously ob ject to tuition of sacred subjects by State-paid and State-trained teachers P Especially would the grievance of Roman Catholics remain untouched, for it is as certain as anything can be that no compila tion from the Bible which Bishop Moor itouse assisted by the ablest coadjutors could make would be undenominational and satisfactory in the eyes of Catholics, who are determined to maintain their separate schools; and if they be allowed to have these subsidised other denominations would claim the same privilege, and the denomi national system would revive in full force. It may be conceded that in a professedly Christian land, even where a nationally endowed church does not exist, it is a scandal that any large section of the children should grow up ignorant of the leal ing facts of Bible history, and of the veriest elements of Bible truth; but the practical difficulty always arises—who are to com pile the undenominational religious text books, and who an to be charged with the doty of seeing that teachers do not exceed the limits of undenominationalism pre scribed to them ? As we saw recently in South. Australia, whenever we begin to condescend to particulars, and to sketch out a practicable system, the jealousies of rival sects step in, and the work has to be abandoned in despair. In the course of a debate at the evening sitting, which fol lowed the addnws, the same diversities were made apparent The Her. Thomas Cahill, speaking from a Roman Catholic standpoint, argued in a series of propositions that where religion is excluded there can be no true education, that any compulsory or State-aided educa tion which excluded religion is persecution, and Cf>TK*]nf iyi by pressing a claim to State aid for Catholic denominational schools. The Eev. J. Watsford, also advocating religious instruction, answered Mr. Gahni by asking " How could any Government that refused to give State aid to religion make provision for separate schools for the very purpose of teaching religion ? " And the same argu ment would apply to payment by results, for as Mr. Rowland Rees put it, " if pay ment by results were given to them (Catho lics), it would be the bounden duty of the State to give it to all other sects, who would certainly claim it." No doubt if a State is to prosper the children must receive religious education from some quarter, but it is to the parent and to the church that we must look for the instructors. There is no school for morality and virtue like the domestic hearth, there are no teachers of whatsoever things are lovely and honest and of good report comparable to the parents. That this parental duty is sadly neglected is all too patent. There is a love of ease and a disposition to avoid what is irksome in many parents which induce them to neglect their duties as heads of fimniTina and roll the burden over upon others. But if they most neglect their responsibility, it is jiotjnto the hands of State-paid teachers that they ought to re sign it. The ministers of religion should see to it They cannot be said to hare wholly performed their duties when they have only preached to adults, and no plea of lack of time or pressure of other claims can 'prevail for the neglect of the children, If it be true, as stated in the course of discussion, that 80,000 children in Victoria, or naif the school going population, are not attending Bunday school; if it be even approximately true that in New South Wales "they were educating 200,000 children to be atheists," the fault does not lie with the State so mochas with the faithless shepherds who neglect the lambs of the fold and the lapsed masses around their churches. Recognising the fact that even the best education which can be given in primary schools is only a preparation for receiving a fuller education in after years, Bishop Moorhouse points [out other agAm^m actively at work in our midst which may be powers for good or evil in moulding men's character and improving their intellect when echool days are over. Among them the Bishop does not mention the pulpit, though we may be sure he does not ignore its potency or believe that its influence has be come effete; but he refers specially to political life, the theatre, and the press. In a country where the people take so active an interest in passing events parliamentary representatives are " like a city set on a hill,>hich cannot be hid," and "their actions have an influence reaching out to the remotest nerves and fibres of the body politic." Though no doubt Bishop Moor house had the Victorian Parliament specially ia his eye when he penned the following sentence, there are Biembers of Parliament elsewhere who may profitably ponder it:—"Every member of Parliament mast be in his own waya teacher and leader of the people. Never can he hurl a vile insult at an opponent without vul garising the popular taste; never can he be guilty of a conspicuous act of bad faith without robbing treachery of some of its infamy; never can he suggest by word, act, or bearing, that money is more to him than truth, honor, or patriotism, without doing what in M™ lies to corrupt public principle, deprave public character, and hasten national ruin." Bishop Moorhouse differs from most of his professional brethren in believing that the theatre may be made a potent element for good in the instruction of the people. He recognises that "man must hare amusement," and urges managers and actors to rise to a sense of the possibilities and responsibilities of their profession, and ask themselves," Am I making these people think justly and feel nobly, or am I setting before them thoughts and actions which will inevitably mislead and degrade them?" finally, the daily and weekly newspapers are spoken of as educators whose inflnflpffl* cannot be exaggerated, for •'toa degree unknown and unsuspected at home these form the sole literature of large classes of tie population." Dr. Moorhouse < bean willing testimony that on the whole the press realises its responsibi lity, and strives worthily to perform its part in public instruction, and to editors and press writers he gives a kindly word of caution and encouragement His senti ments on this point remind us of the wofds of theOheUea Seer in "Sartor Resartua" —"There is no church, sayest thou P Hast thou not still preaching enough P A preaching friar settles himself in every tillage, and builds a pulpit which he calls a newspaper." Sir Henry Parkas, the Premier of New South Wales, has sent a telegram to the South Aiueraliaa Government announoi?g that be h— forwarded aa invitation to them to be present at aoaafereneeto be hold respecting the bander duties. The Government have agreed to take part in the onnferen en, bat the time and place have yet to be arranged. A circular despatch has been received by the Government from the Secretary of State for the (Monies, stating that the Bight Hoa. Bail of Oamperdown and Mr. Samoa! Whitbread, M.P., have been appointed members of toe Defence Commission, in place of the Right-. Hoa H. O. B. Ohilden, 6LP, and Hr.T. Briasey, HP., who have been discharged. The Rev. O. Copland was to have lectured in connection with the North Adelaide Young Men's Society to-night, bat owing to in disposition the lecture has been postponed. A sale of the surplus goods in connection with St. John's Ofanrch Bazaar waa held at the schoolroom on Friday and Saturday last. There was a good attendance on both occasions, and moat of the stock was cleared oat at satis factory fates. A boy named James Donohue was ad mitted to the a«V1«V<«? Hospital on Sunday, October 24, suffering from a fractnred akall, which injury was eansed by * look from a hozse at FoOarton. A boy named John Chaplain was admitted on the same day suffering bom a broken thigh. The injury waa occasioned while the boy was birdnesting at aOtcham. " There are to be some changes," writes the Port Pirie Gmcett*, " in the management of the local banks during the next fortnight. Mr. W. H. Boas, J.P.. Bank of Booth Australia, goes to Port Adelaide to assume management there, and Mr. W.B. SottnU, J.P., Bank of Adelaide, proceeds to the same plaoe on a like mission for fats institution. Neither of their successors at Bart Pirie has yet been appointed." The Adelaide and Hindmarsh Tramway was "ff«?"y opened by His BreeUeaey the Governor on Saturday, five can, containing His Excellency ana ■nice, members of the Ministry, and a number of guests, tan the whole length of the line from HowelT* comet to EGndmarsb, where refreshments wen par taken of, aad toasts and speeches were made in honor of the occasion. The oars ran very smoothly, and the line appears to be very well made A carter named Fredk. Selby, in the employ of Mr. O. Hudson, of Salisbury, was driving a waggon lead of manure along the Grand Junction-road, near Poet Adelaide, on Saturday morning, October 23. when he fell out in front of the wheels, one of which passed over him. He was attended to at soon as possible by Dr. Gething, who found that several of his ribs and one of his legs wen broken. Selby is now in the Casually Hospital progressing as favor ably h can be expected. The following message was received from the Acting Govemmeat-Besident in the Northern Territory by the Minister of Education (the Hon. T. King) on Saturday, October 23 :— "Mr. Surveyor Lindsay returned yeiterday, having completed survey of Boper Hirer, T*a (core natives have been arrested for participa tion in murder of Holmes. Reminded for fur ther evidence. Ten tana cane cuttings will leave Government Nonary tomorrow for De lisaa's sugar plantation, where work is being pushed vigorously." On Sunday afternoon the city coroner instituted enquiries concerning the sudden death of Benjamin Phillips, servant at the Green Dragon Hotel, South-terrace, and late a ribbon weaver from Coventry, Warwickshire. The deceased had for some time been suffering from a severe cough, and it was ascertained that he had been an inmate of the Home for Incurables. Dr. Joyce was called in, but on his arrival the man was dead. The doctor states that the cause of death waa consumption. An inquest is therefore considered unnecessary. TJu following is Saturday morning's weather report ob the AaeJeiae'ead Port ! Danria Telegraph Liaet—Phu Greek, eala, cloudy, {heavy storm in night; Biver Katha rine, H.W, cloudy, heavy storm in Might; Powell Creek, &*, clear, fine, cool; Taaoant Cceek.BJ?, «*eer, fine; Barrow Greek, SJt, dear, ane; ?liiwfl t «faa«,B.B^daar,n?e;Ohar lotte Waken, SJt, dear, fine; Peaks, calm, olear. fine; StEeagwafa Spriags,B.B., deir, fine; i Farina, S.aV, dear, foe; Beltane, S.W., dear, is*. ,On Sunday morning the city coroner made enquiries respecting the sodden death of Mrs. Tovey, wife of John Tower, atom keeper, of Bowdea, which ooouoad ~"Hwrty at her residence whilst standing in bar verandah on Saturday evening, October 23. Pwessprt, it appeea, bad been for some time ■^rf?fri"g from acute pains over the region of the heart. Dr. Mefntyre was sent for, but on Us arrival found her dead. The doctor having ■eat a memo, to the coroner stating that heart disease was the cause of death ao inquest was sat Aitowft irninaaary. On Saturday afternoon, October 23, a nth^fa* service in connection with the aanoal mttHpg* of the 8 A Sunday-school Union was held in &c; Town Hall, Adelaide. There wm only a fair attendance. The Bey. W. B. Fletcher. ILi, in the absence of Hie Hon. tt. A. Tartan, MA.O., presided. After a ebUdren'a address by the Bar. O. Mantborpe, the service of song, "Messiah," was given by about fifty children and •doits. The Bey. B. M. Hanter read the connective passages, and Mr. Ja«. Shakespeare presidedat tie organ. The service was given ia a highly creditable ""?'?«'—■. and I was apparently much enjoyed. It will be remembered that a short time ago we published a statement with reference to the Sonata, made by Mr. Tantell, one of die divers who had been employed on that vessel. In that statement Mr. VanteU suggested that means should be adopted to raise the 6trandad ship such as he had seen saaeeeafuUy ruried out elsewhere. We new that the scheme to ns by the diver i< bein* pat ia force. A fitUe bottom to she Sorata will be constructed by means of tiers of bags contain ing day, whish will be kept in their place by .tMuAifM screwed to the roof of the dock above. Saturday, October 28, being the last day «f term, the foflowjoggentlsmen who had passed the fins! law wihmtfon were admitted by the Foil Court aa praetitionera of the Supreme Court:—Means. Hiram Wouiworth Varley, Alfred James Foster, George Warlord Demp ster, Bemud Bdl bbatk, and Samuel Brace Badau. Mr. Henry Upton, who had been admitted as an attorney in Victoria, and Mr. Mark Attenborough, an attorney of Westminster and a solicitor of the Court of Chancery, Bflgland, were also admitted ; in the latter case the court dispensed with the condition that the applicant should have been resident in the colony twelve months, aa they wexe of opinion that special reasons had bean shown for their deoislo?. Mr. J. W. Downer, Q. 0., moved in each instance. The following are die particulars of the laiert Victorian loeA,u published i& the MaU bourne .awes] of October 80;— The £500,000 loan was floated yesterday, and she remit was annonnofri in the Assembly later on by the Treasurer. The tenders for the one year de> bentuns or bands amounted to £104,468; for the two years to £227.486, aad for the time years to £296^96, or a total of fl^a&V800.; The suecessfal tenderers an Mesas. Melhado and Curtis, of New South Wales, who offer £101 ss. «d. for the one year bonds, £10110«. Bd. for the two year bonds, and take the entire amount of £L 66,660 13s. 4d. in eath instance. For the three yean bonds, Means. Melhado aad Ooitis offered £101 Os. 84, but £29400 was also tea dered for at higher sates, running np to £108 and the firm take the balance after this sum has been allotted to the tigher tenderers. The Go vernment thus obtain the money for 8| per cent, interest on tile fiat aeries of bands, 4J per cent for the second series, and 4£ per cent, for the thiid. Mr. Berry's aonoancemeat that * Sydney firm bad tendered for the whole of the loan was received by the Ministerial members withdieerfi. The city coroner held an inquest at the Port A'lr'**"'l Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Satur day afternoon, Catobac 23, on the body of John Purvis, a youth ot tan or eleven years of age, who was tailed on the morning,of the same day by being run over by a cart. Mr. J. Lewis was foreman of tbe juiy. James Pains, green grocer aad father of the deceased, said he was coming in company with his ton in hb cart •long 41m Pott-road on flatarday morning, Stopped at the Pdnce Alfred. Hrtel andtook C^avwdsAlesimidft leaving JUsaoo to mmi cart in the nwd. iOn «omq« out a few minutes afterwarda found deceased lying on his faos in the road about fifty yaids from the hotel. The horse was moving ?a. The boy was quite dead. The bone bad turned round amoe he left it, and was goingaway from the Port. It was generally • very quiet animal, and had never played him any tricks. The uoooassd had been asonstomed to sit in the cart whilst witness delivered the vegetables. Mary MoEanna, servant at Vte Jervois Hotel, said she witnessed the aooident from a window of the hotel. There (was some gteeof eed a short distanoe away, and the hone turned round to get at it. Deceased pulled the ins him out of the trap. One of the wheels passed over bis head. Dr. ToU said be had ci- MimnJ the deceased, and found that death was canted by a fracture of the skull. A verdict of accidental death was returned. The following is a recotd of the rain fall between 9 a.m. on Friday and the same boor on Saturday:— PineOzeek ... 0350 Gladstone „ O-030 Biver Catherine 0090 Narridy ... 0105 Port Augusta... 0030 Georgetown ... 0130 Wumington ... 0210 Kooringa ... o*loo Melrose ... 0-450 Olara ... „ 0440 Wirrabara ... 0-210 Auburn ... 0-670 Laura 0070 Hoyleton ... 0230 Pott Pirie ... C-SSO Balaktava ... 0 080 Caltowie ... 0300 PortWakefield 0090 Jamestown .. 0200 Wallaroo 0180 Kadina ... 0180 Kaponda ... 0-185 Moonta ... 0180 Traro 0050 PortViotoria... 0080 Tanunda ... 0130 Haitland ... 0-040 Gawler ... 0109 Mimaton ... 0050 Mannnm ... 0190 Torketown „. CK)80 Mount Pleasant ?140 Stanabury ... 0170 Gumetaoha ... 0.100 Bdithbugb M . O-180 Mount Torrena 012 a Warooka ... 0430 Salisbury ... 0180 Blanchetown... 01«0 Adelaide ... 0830 Biverton ™ 0-720 Olarendoo „. 0-220 Noaduuga ... OlflO Goolwa ... 0-190 Moant?adcer. M 0-370 Meningie .„ 0-400 Bohunga ... 0464 Kingston „ 0090 Wiuunga ... 0D95 Bobs ... ... 0400 Normanville _ 0100 Border Town... OtISO Streaky Bay ... 0-080 Narraooorte ... OtHO Portlanooln._ 0-100 Penola^. ... 0-080 Oape?orda ... 0150 Miuioent ... 0120 OapeJervis ... 0055 MountGambier o*l2o PortEUiot M 0113 We take the following paragraph from the Melbourne Age, of October 20:—By appoint ment, Sir Henry Parkes bad an interview yester day morning with the Chief Secretary, Mr. Berry, at the Chief Secretary's orSoes. The heads of the two Governments consulted about several matters of intercolonial importance. They ware agreed as to the desirability of aholisMng the border duties if an agreement mutually acceptable can be come to, and it was resolved that a note jointly signed by them should be sent to the Sooth Anatolian Govern ment, asking them to send delegates to • conference to be beM in Melbourne at the latter end of November, with the object of arriving at en understanding whereby border duties may be abolished. Mr. Odgers, Under- SecreUry, has been directed to draft a letter accordingly. The question of Chinese immigration was also considered. Some time ago tine present Government addrestsl a cir cular note to the Governments of the other colonies with the view of securing uniform legislation on the subject. The Booth Aus tralian and New South Wales Governments agreed to the praposition, but the Queensland Government declined to take any action, as they had already passed an Act on the question that worked well, a copy of which was forwarded to this colony. Under these eircamsUincas, it was therefore agreed by Sir H. Parkes and Mr. Berry that it woold be aeelecs t • refer this subject to a oonference. It was agreed that Bills to deal with the difficulty should be submitted to the tegislatDces of the two colonies. It i« probable the measure to be presented to the Victorian Assembly will be bated to a laige extent on the Queensland Act. In addition to the border question, the conference to be held in November will probably consider the desirability of agree in*; to a general scheme of intercolonial defence, also the necessity of establishing a court of appeal for all the oolooiea. An enquiry into the circumstances at tending toe death of a ?««? named William Lancaster, alias Sailor Bill, took place at Mr. P. Sinclair's house, near MUlicent,on Thursday, October 21. Mr. G. Glen, J.P., oondnatsd toe enquiry, Mr. B. S. Maisey beiag fitmmie of the jury. Evidence was given by George Marriott (foreman for Mr. A. Mansfield, eontnotor on the road now being uueeiimiied near Militant), Charles Bead, and Alfred Oaae (drivers on ate same oo&tcact;). Their testimony showed that asoaassJ wasoaoking for the party.and that he m last seen aiire on Wednesday evening abon t a qaarlet pert 9 o'otoek, when be was in his usual health cad spirits. On Thaasday mora ine about 6 o'clock Marriott end Bead both knocked at the door of the kitchen in which deceased asuaUyalept, bat were unebleto obtain any remoaae. Bead then forced the door open with s pick hanoJe, and found the body of the dictated lying on the edge of the bank, on the right side, with the right am ahetnhua' out cad the legs gathered op. The bedclothes wete in a beep a* the end of She bank, aad deceased was lying in bis shirt. Hisaaooth was covered with blood, and there wen several pools of blood on the floor. The amassed had a week previously oomplaipen of a pain ia his side, also of a sweuing in bis cheek, and those wen the only complaints that the witness aa were aware of. Dr. James Mnetarde deposed that there were bo evidence* of a straggle in the room when be examined «be body, aad that there were no external wounds on decaaud. These was blood oa nfs month, on the bed, cad boot, aad in the fireplace. B3s belief wae foond himself cbekmg, went to the fireplace aad spat oat some of the blood cad then returned to toe bad. fie at Cist iatagincd that the blood is the fireplace came from the stomach, but on further examination discovered that it was not so. The blood near the body was red arterial blood, and came tram the longs. He had no doubt that death was caused by the bnrstingof a blood-vessel in the longs. He thought that the '**Tff-r* bad been dead five or six hoars when he examined him at ? o'clock. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the cause of death was hemorrhage of the lung*. After the advent and exit of various committees, cud years of discussion of ways and means, the much-needed new hall at the P«tt Lincoln Institute is now fairly com menced, and atomises to be an ornament to the township. The expense will be about £1,000, toclucire of a hundred-guinea piano already procured; and to meet this outlay every effort ia being made by concerts and otherwise to raise the requisite funds. The proceeds of a musical entertainment, which was one of the best ever given in Port Lincoln, addad eooaide. rahly to the amount; and a flower «hoy, also tor the building fund, was held on Wedneiday, October 20, in the lecture-hell. It was an un qualified success, aot only financially but in the qaantity aad excellence of the exhibits. The flowers, notwithstanding an oautoally late season, afforded excellent testimony of the mild aad genial climate of the locality, and in addi. tion to the floral, vegetable, and dairy prodnee, competition was invited in aa industrial de partment, comprising fine arta, fancy work, ■?«wfrn« of abella, seaweed, sad bird's eggs, and (by no means an unimportant family matter J home-baked bread. In the pot planta as well as the cat flowers m*"**"** fortnight of sunshine would have made a considerable improvement, bat tm it was die display of bloom waa magni ficent, aad Mr. Cole's, Mr. J. 8. Browne's, and Mr. B.Qanett> stands wepamaas?s of variegated color, comprising some of the best spaninumn of every class of flower or bouquet. The dairy pro duce, though not extensive, wag quite up to the avecage, The chief festate in the show, apart frcm the floral department, was the industrial division, arranged on the stage in three sides of a square. On this platform the lady contribu tors bad spread textures of glittering hues, useful aad useless, bat all very pleasing, even to the uninitiated. The fine acts were fairly represented by competitive pictures hung on the walls or scattered oa ti>e tables, one crayon drawing of a stag, by Miss Browne, deserving special mention for ?*~ excellence. The juveniles had a seetaon to themselves, where the prises for writing, drawing, ciompmrition, and needleworkwereoontondedforveryoreditablyby the rising generation, Many exhibits were "not for competition," especially a collection of wool, work belonging to Mrs. Parker, occupying an attractive corner of the room, whnc the walls were decorated with pictures in oil and water colors, and a foe collection of engravings A promenade concert, at whioh the new piano was used for the first time, concluded a most successful exhibition, with which every one was pleased. Mr. James Simpson, the editor of the Rdbqrt Tom Mercury, appeared at the bar of the Tasmanian Assembly os Friday, Ootober. 15, to answer a charge of alleged contempt brought against him by Mr. Ooate, the member for George Town. From the report of the proceed ings it appears that Mr. Coots, from his seat in Parliament, asserted that the Mercury bait lefnsed insertion to certain letters relating to j the Sandy Bay rifle range, beca«>e the views ex imaMaj iTiffsnnii from its own. Mr. Bimps.on at the apjpi?fninent hoar met Mr. Coots aa be was pass fag oat apdr as he asserts, in -a friendi.* snGiteld him be had made a'great mistake in aj?tag that the Mercury bad refused is publish eevaral letters, and teqjaested him to make the Mooeasarj eorreoHon in the House later in the evening. Mr. Ooote replied that the letters wen sent cad refused insertion, and aeolined to aeoept Mr. Simpson's repeated denial. According to Mr. Ooote, "Daring this time Mr. GeUtband (another member) was between as, saving, 'Dont etake, dont strike; make it up,' or words to that effect All this time Mr. Simpson was in a way threatening me. I said,' Why do you insalt me in toil way?' I aaked him this twice, rattier loudly. I then ■aid, *1 will never withdraw my statements; yon may go to the devil, and the Menvry too.' He then said, 'Mr. Ooote, if that state ment Lad been made in any other court in thia country but in these Beaees ef Parliament, I would have knocked suoh person down in the street.* Ithensaid(andtneseweremylastwords to him),' Mr. Simpson, if I had not known yon so well. I should certainly say you were drank.' Mr. Simpson then walked away with the hon. mwnbw for Bingwood." Mr. Simpson when called upon for bis version of the occurrence. denied that he spoke in heat* but be admitted that after Mr. Ooote bad repeatedly refused to accept bis word, he remarked to him, " You have now tola me several tames what is tantamount to calling me a deliberate liar, and if you should dare to do so when far ther from tie precincts of the Parliament I would knock yon down with my stick," which be den held in his hand. Mr. Ooote aid repeat his statement, but instead of striking him Mr. Simpson turned to go away. Mr. Simpson's version was substantially cor roborated fay Mr. Gellibrand, who was quite sure that Mr. Simpson had neither directly nor indirectly dose anything to show that he was going to assault Mr. Ooote. The Colonial Treasurer thereupon moved— M That ia the opinion of tins House the conduct of Mr. James Simpson does sjot amount to contempt of tula House of Parliament" The Attorney-General seconded the motion, which was agreed to without c division. Mr. Simpson having been recalled, the Speaker said the House, having entered into a eonsiaeratioa of the question, had derided that the conduct did not amount to contempt. At the same time he felt it bis duty, as Speaker of the Honse, to point oat to Mr. Simpton and the country, that if there was any question likely to lead to altercation between those who were not members of the Honse and those who were, It was very improper to meet at the place of egress from the House. Such matters should aot be taken up within tin precincts of Parliament. Mr. Matthew Burnett held a large open air meeting at the Flagstaff, Port Adelaide, on Saturday evening, October 23, to initiate his temperance campaign in the district. There were aHout 8.000 persons present, several hun dreds of whom had followed in the torchlight prooesnon, which bad previously paraded the town. The chair was taken by Mr. D. Bower, MJ?., who wag accompanied on the platform by Mr. Matthew Burnett, Mr. W. B. Stephens (hoa. sec). Mr. Reuben Gill, the Revs. J. Bamber, B. Raymond, A. Stubbs, and R. Kelly, and Mr. B. Hounslow (seamen's missionary). The chairman In opening the meetang ■aid that toe people of Port Adelaide required men ef Mr. Bumettfa stamp among them as much as any other place in the colony, cad he therefore gave him a hearty welcome, end trusted that he would be able to do a great deal of good. If the Port Ade laide people tamed teetotallers he would have great pleasure in converting bis pnUie-houaes into coffee-shops. (Hear,hear.) The Eev. J. W. Bsmber said it gave him great pleasure to welocme* Mr. Burnett amongst them. He had known him for a period of sixteen years, daring which time he had always been aa earnettand devoted temperance advocate. Their motto was " Temperance men are sure to win," and when he said that the members of the various temperance lodges numbered over 750 he thought they had a good foundation to commence with. He trusted that the friends of tomperancs would rally round Mr. Burnett, and assist him in his good work by every means in their power. On behalf of the temperance cause of Port Ade laide he then gave Mr. Burnett a hearty wel come. The Bey. A. Stubbs said that he re garded Mr. B-nrer as the friend of the working saen,andassachhewaspleasedtoseethathehaa felt it his datf to preside over them that evening. He alluded to Commodore JGoeaenoogh, who after having taken the chair at several teetotal meetings signed the pledge himself, and no one would rejoica more than m (the speaker) to ees Mr. Bower do likewise, and enlist hi'P—?ia the crest temperance eaoiw. He had kaowa Mr Jiaraett, the greatest temperance and social reformer in the southern lands, for more than seventeen years. He knew him ia Victoria, ranee addressatGeelong. Bincethat tiauhe bad done aa tmnwone amount of good, which he trusted would be hugely increased by his stay at Port Adelaide. The speaker then de livered • pithy address on she advan tages of total ahaanenoe The Bey. B. Kollr and Mr. Hbunalow alto apoke a few words of weleometoMr. Burnett Mr. W. B. m< lilnm. >Tsn Hipa—jin. Ills nil ■unmet wreaiiii Mr.Bewrr lo^nWyingKinself with the temper eace oauae, said that Mr. Burnett had done a large amount of good in Adelaide, aad the £200 I which his visit had oast hsdbeea exceedingly well'spent. He aught say that -not a sixpence of *?"* ram had coma, tram tile funds of the temperance lodges. (A voice -"What about the Chinese?*) Borne one had aUeded to the Chinese. He wooldaay that they wooU do wall to imitate UrtChmesefc tfaetrfaabitaof sobriety. (Groaas.) Daring the ? years that he had re aidedmTietoriaaadtfaU colony be bad never seen a ajpgle drunken Ohlnainan (Cheers and groans.) Mr. Bacnett (who was interrupted aevend times by cells tor Mr. G01) said that if Mr. GUI spoke that cdjjbt he would aot do so on the next Saturday night, aad moreover he (the speaker) would not address them that evening. He had brought Mr. Gill oat to address the work ing man ef Adelaide aad Uie other parts «T tile colony, and he was sure that he had euffieient of the itifctinrta of a gentleman to decline to speak that night Mr. GUI bete said be would ad dress them on the following Saturday evening. Mr. Burnett, in proneediiig, expressed his ap preciation of the geuwans offer of Mr. Bower to clow his public-housea if the people of the Port turned teetotallers. He had always had a leaning towards the Portenians, aad he was very glad that be waa going to have thej leature of residing amongst them for three or four weeks. He trotted that they would for the Him forget their p"liti'*t«l differences, aad that people of ell denomuations would rally round I uaderone flag. V they believed that he would ! lead them to peace sad h?ppi'ww J wen they prepared to follow him? (Yea. yea.) All those who would do so, would they with the ntosost of the enthusiasm which ebatacterieed Portonians in anything they undertook say "Yes?" (dries of «Y«*. yea.") Ho understood there were at present nearly 800 members of temperance lodges in Port Adelaide; if these would come forward and help him in his work they would be astonished at the results. He would pat down as the direst outcome of his crusade 2,000 abstainers. (Cheers.) After the speeches 166 persons came forward and signed be pledge. The annual meeting of the South Austra lian Society of Arts will be held this afternoon at the Institute. A torchlight demonstration in connection with the Albert lodge, No. 18, U.A.0.D., is to take place at Bowden this evening. The Black Diamond Minstrels are an nounced to give an eaterteinmeat in the Albert Hall (German Club) this evening in aid of the building fond of the ball. A meeting of the shaieholders in the South Hamtey Mining Company is to be held at the office of the company, King William-street, at noon to-day. We are requested to call attention to the fact that the steamer Claud Hamilton will sail for Melbourne on Wednesday next, and not, as previously annnwmwd, on Tuesday. The committee of the South Australian TachtOlob have decided to dispense with the customary luncheon en the day of the opening of the season, November 6, in consequence of His Excellency tile Governor beiag away on that day. Arrangements have bees made, how ever, for tiie steamer to leave a little later thaa usaal,eo as to enable intending excursionists to have their luncheon before they start. The Adelaide and Port Adelaide rowing dabs will take part in the proceedings. Professor Pepper presented a new pro gramme at Garnet's Theatre en Saturday even- Ljg, when there was a good ntton dunce. Several scenes were portrayed in which ghosts of various descriptions played prominent parts greatly to the «?yi«nm«nt and surprise of the audienoe. The fine statuary repeeeeutetioos were Brash appneiated £■cad the diaramic views of xVonaoa, aritiitiie Procassor'sexplanatory remarks, pxored very i?tofcstiiiK? Ijfag tfiiTiiitTW- ifaMitTtiniinft. «>hishwas mash en joyed, concluded theenter fc^Tnpnt, which will be repeated this evening. Pretessor Pepper intends giving three lectures nnoertiie aucpfeea of the Edacatum Department ou~"Popul at'astronomy." 