S.ERAMBULATOR.. I' I am, sorry- that Parliament hae- not' set down to its work under the most auspicious oircumstances. In, the first place a very un dignified' discussion-I willt not say, debate, -took place the first evening with reference to the appointmenb of: Mr: Williams- as, Minister of Mines. Whatever' criticism' the head' of the- Government may have. lhin; himself open. to,. and' that his appointment of fr; Williams was, fair matter for condemna ition' .will' admit, I think Mr; Bowman. andl others might have' assumed; a, more, digni fled' attitude than, was done, and' have, made. out, ih good' temper andi faith to, the-liberal, 1party; that ins the interests of such' party,. and' without personal' considbrations;, they were intent only' upon party purificationi There is;no, doubt Mr.. Williams has not. ini ithe' past proved' hiiimselfreliable as a' prty. man, but Mr. Williams iis not the, only one' who' has been accused of'proving treacherous' for his own end's. It is.not the most' rell ;abli who. meet with. the, rewardst of office;. but if' Mr. Williams did not deserve. distihc. 'tionlet me, express the. hope- now:that. he. has got it he. will' strive to' deserve itt. It. must he all the fault of' the- Berry Government that land,. 110 acres at'Sogar: Loaf,. only brought £4 lD7s. 6d1 peracre on: Saturd'ay.last-.at public auction .! I amil glad' to see- the .Nhew Tbwnship' iCriterion gtore.re-opened,. and: in the- hands; of one like Mr..Lundy, who will, I feel sure,. make himself popular- and. worthy of' patronage. The place of'business has been' one of the best in. the-di-trict in-the past and 'I feel' sure it will be made a:sueceeasin' the. future.. Now Tallarook must have its sensation. After the "wild man" story was almost forgotten there is your correspondent writing about a mad dog. The latter animal would certainly be an object much more to be dreaded than the former. I thini it scarcelyfair that Kilmors;. which. lately managed a real sensation in the shape of' a real' "ghost," should be shorn of the' honor, by a Nagambie jpurnal, which claims the-"distinguished" visitor for its: own loeality.. Surely there must be some metsake- here, or is our ghost visiting- all the 'railway stations ?' Fancy "Bluey" being made President of thie8hire of Merriang. Wonders will' never cease: Let me congratu'late the intellectual councllors: upon having selected from amongst themselves the greatest genius as chief magistrate of the municipality. The new Plesident is certainly a more intelligent man, than his predecessor--but perhaps that is not saying much for him-and I venture to say he will prove himself just as capable and honest. I fear, however, that of late years Merriang is not noted for the. ex 'tremely sound conduct of its Council. You. spoke with some force in last Free Press about the grog shanty nuisance, and although I occasionally indulge rather freely, and am not over particular whether I get the liquor in a shanty or puhlichousp, the fact you have urged should be dealt with promptly. We have excellent build iogs in our midst, which are positively closed because of.the shanty nuisance, and if possible something should hbe doiie..to havelthem re.opened and thelrevanuo pro tooted. I care veiy little for the publicans, but I care a good deal for the well-being of our municipality, which is unfortunately becoming a bye-word for the management referred to. It strikes me if Mr. Patterson pl oes'men iurpon, the Lancefield Railway without the sanction o. Parliament he will he making a mistake that may lead him into trouble. The expenditure of money at any time without proper authority is most objection able and should be resented, but resorting to heavy outlay upon what may be designated a political job is not calculated to inspire confidence in a Government which has already given grave offence to some of its supplorters. There was another public meeting held at Kilmore on Monday night last and I am glad to noti'ce that all are not asleep here. I am amongst those who think that the people here have not been wise in the past, or they would not have permitted other places less important outstrip them in the race for progress. 'If the principle of doing the best for the whble community would actuate our people, leaving petty dissensions aside, I am satisfied it would condu'e to the prosperity of the district. I think the people should work more in harmony than they have done in the past. 