ADELAIDE CORRESPONDENCE. (From our City Correspondent.) > September 11. All day on Saturday there were hopes of getting the Sorata off without any very serious damage. On Sunday hopes saiik lower, and as the huge iron sides of the teasel were heard to creak and give way in partB the water rushed in, and the question became whether stio would ever float again. On that point nautical authorities differ, but Captain Fergusson, the President of the Marine Board, then left her (early on Sunday morning) as a hopeless wreck, and on Monday night no one except the captain seemed to en tertain much hope of her ever coming off. A good breeze or a heavy sea would settle her fate Si a few minutes; but if these do not come, there is no knowing what centrifugal pumps (to raise 3,500 gallons of water per minute) and other appliances from Adelaide and Melbourne tnay do for tho big but now desolate-looking vessel. The Sorata had only just made her second trip to Australia, and she had done it in 37 days. The passongers describe her as a splendid-sea going boat, wbich bad only shipped two seas during tho voyage. She does not belong to the Orient Company, but to the Pacific Steam Navi gation Company, who are their own insurers,' and tfill thus probably lose £100,000, the value of the vessel. The Orient Company will also be heavy losers, and the Melbourne Exhibition will be minus many fine exhibits which were being sent to it. Some of the passengers have heart rending tales to tell. One, for example, hadin vested his all in machinery' and other heavy "goods which he was taking out to Melbourne in the hope of selling after the Exhibition was over. It is now in the hold, submerged in'salt .water, and at the best his loss will be several thousands of pounds-not a penny of which is covered by insurance. Captain Fowler is to be pitied, though he is also to be condemned. He is a young man, tinder 40 years of age, and his prospects in life are ruined. The Orient Company, I believe, have a rule that no officer who has been ship wrecked in their vessels shall ever enter -an other of them-not even the officers who were below deck at the time, nor the engineers, who might be as innocent as the babe unborn. An inquiry will, of course, be made, but there is little or no doubt that the captain is culpable for going so close to the shore when he had eight miles of channel to choose from. Had he not been talking to the Duke he might have attended better to his duty. However, be is down now, and he will probably never forgive himself.' ' ' The accident to the Sorata brings to my mind ;the fact that the Orient Company has .been very unfortunate of late. It is not so long since the 'Chimborazo tried to mount a cliff near Sydney, and nearly foundered with all hands on board ; and since then, the Garonne has been stranded. This Sorata business is, however, the unkindest cut of all,', and will effectually settle the divi dends of the Company for at least one year. Sunday was an exciting day in Adelaide, for telegraphic news was posted up at the telegraph office that another Bhip-the Eric the Bed-was wrecked near Cape Otway, within four hours of the accident to the Sorata, and that she had gone down in less than a quarter of an hour, taking four human victims with her. When Monday morning dawned there was a rush for the newspapers, and special editions of the even ing papers were published. It is somewhat singular that the Eric the Bed was taking Ameri can exhibits to Melbourne and they have all been lost, and that when the Australian exhibits were sent to Philadelphia the vessel was scuttled and the cargo loBt or damaged. This is a reciprocity of a sad kind, and ono wbich even the Protec tionists would not desire to see repeated. Everything pales before the ship wrecks.' The Parliament can command little attention, and all other matters sink into in significance. The Chamber of Manufactures yesterday opened a capital industrial and juvenile exhibition in the Town Hall-the fourth annual affair of the kind; Professor Pepper, of the Jjondon Polytechnic, and the inventor of the original "Peppers Ghost," is giving popular lecture:entertamments nightly at the Academy of Music, and every afternoon to the scholars of the State and private schools ; very sensational plays are being put on the boards at the Theatre : Air Granville Sharp has been lecturing on the Chinese, and showing Mr.- Bray, M.P. (his Chairman) that the almond-eyed Mongolians are not so black as they are painted, but are far wore moral than Europeans; Councillor Claxton of the Adelaide Corporation, has been falling foul of the Register, and complaining that ha does Hot get reported because some of the newspaper people are shareholders in the tramway com panies] and the editor has retorted by having the sapient Councillor's remarks reported in full " so that the ratepayers may see what a colossal noodle a man may make of himsell when lie is thrust into a position for which he is altogether unfit, and the greatness of which is altogether too much for bis intellect," and the editor adds that be can.make no promise about reporting .such rubbish in future. All these things and many others are occurring, but the man who talks of anything but the wreck-or perhaps also the British victory in Afghanistan-is thought a twaddler, so strongly does the popular mind " run " on great things. But I must not forget to tell you of the extraordinary' scene which was witnessed in the House of Assembly yesterday. The like of it has never previously been seen there, and the result of it will be the evanishment of the least ghost -of a chance that Mr. Townsend, the Deputy Speaker, ever had for the Speakership, in the event of the death or retirement of Sir George Kingston. I ought also to mention it because your Mr. Glyde was the first cause of the squabble and ulti mately he was the hero of the hour and the vanquisher of the Deputy Speaker. Briefly told the story runs thus. The Treasurer and Mr. Glyde are sworn enemies politically and socially-at least they confess they have a souad dislike for each other. The Treasurer yesterday corrected an error of £100,000 which had been made by a Government official in totting up some tigares used in the Budget Speech. Then Mr. Mann attacked Mr. Glyde (who last week questioned a statement of his) and charged him with being "actuated by malice," and with making "dirty insinuations." The Treasurer's speech was very bitter, and bis best friends think it a mistake. Mr. Glyde, with his character istic coolness, was proceeding to reply when he was stopped by the Deputy Speaker, who 'said he was bound to accept the Treasurer's denial. The denial was that no communica tion had passed between the Government and Mr. Deering in reference to the vacancies in the Civil Scrvice-although the Treasurer admitted afterwards that the matter might have been mentioned in private letters by Ministers to the Agent-General or Mr. Deering. ,Mr. Glyde said it was not the duty of the Deputy Speaker to interrupt an hon. member without his attention had been called to the matter, and he added that the Speaker of the House of Commons would not have done it, and that the sooner the Deputy Speaker (Mr. Townsend) understood his duty the better. This incensed the Deputy Speaker, who has often " sat upon " members since he wa8 temporarily elevated to the chair, and he demanded that the words Bhould be withdrawn. They were with drawn, but Mr. Glyde put bis foot still fur ther into it by adding, " If they had been more severe I would not have withdrawn them !" He was at once called to order and requested to withdraw these words. He refused, and then began an unparalleled Beries of irregularities, for which the Register severely "slates " Mr. Townsend this morn ing, and says his only course is to apologise to the House whose liberties he has unaccount ably sought to fetter. Mr. Glyde was ordered out of the House, and he at once withdrew. He evidently obeyed the more readily be cause he saw that the order was an unlawful one, as he had never been asked for an ex planation. He was out of the Chamber some minutes, and during this time the Deputy Speaker became more excited, and ruled several members out of order when they were perfectly in order. The Treasurer, aa leader of the House, also made a mess of it by asking the House to pass a resolution inviting Mr. Glyde to return and give an ex planation. Mr. Bray once more showed his knowledge of the standing orders by point ing out that the Treasurer was utterly wrong, and that the Speaker, having done an ir regular thing in orderiug Mr. Ulyde to with draw without first allowing him to explain, he, and not the House, must ask Mr. Glyde to return. This was an unanswerable posi tion, and it was agreed to, the sergeant-at arma being despatched for your member, who did not look a bit hurt, but came into the Chamber again with a quiet air of triumph. During hi's absence there had been a dispute as to the words ho used being taken down. -The standing orders provide that they must be taken down at the time and before an other member has spoken. ^ This was not done, and the Deputy Speaker gave another wrong decision on this poiut, Baying tbey could be taken down afterwards, ilr. Glyde eventually'halt withdrew the words, but he still maintained his point that the Deputy-Speaker bad done what the Speaker of the House of Commons would not have dared to do. The scene created intense exoitement in the House, and was much talked of in the city to-day. Mr. Glyde is, of course, held to be iu the right, except in having said the sooner the Deputy-Speaker knew his duty the bettor. The Register this morning huB come out with one of the strongest articles I have read this session. It condemns Mr. Townsend strongly, says he ought to apologise to the House, and that " it is a misfortune that in the oolonies tbe office of Speaker is Bometimes filled by men who have neither the culture nor the train ing, nor it may be the orderly habit of mind essential to tbe dignified discharge of the duties, and it would be unfair to expect of any one what is manifestly impossible for him to perform 1" If that is not cutting I fail to see what could be. Mr. Townsend, as Deputy Speaker, is too much like an auctioneer in the box, and be treats hon. members far too much like schoolboys. Of dignity be has none ; and no man can be expected to use talents he does not possoss. There was another sensation in tbe House during the same debate. It was caused by Mr. John Rounsevell charging the Treasurer with frequenting drinking and gambling, saloons, and with betting on race-courses, even with civil servants. The new member for Gameracha is certainly the most out spoken member in the House, but he is also the most unpopular. Heiscoarsoin bis at tacks, and is very dangerous as an enemy. The worst feature in this case is that I am afraid there is some truth in it, and that was where the sting lay. The Treasurer, how ever, treated Mr. John Rounsevell with con tempt, except by saying that if that lion, member wished to keep his seat and associate with gentlemen he must behave like a gentle man. This reply was loudly cheered, and Mr. John Rounsevell, who rose immediately, could'not gain a hearing, the Deputy-Speaker ruling that he was out of order. 