ODD NOTES. '/ ST. A BOHEMIAN. Thi Parliamentary trouble is noarly over . low, Tfeo Railway.,Companies Preliminary Bill has passed the Assembly, and tho' " Inno cents" can bo massacrod, and tho notice papor ■wopt cleat at any time now, whon rcquirod. Eton the,plans, sections, and book of refer ence of the, Saadgato railway, and tho lino, from Oxley to tSouth Brisbane havo been laid before Parliament, to the aorpriso of some of the sceptics. But tho members of tho Qppo* •ition hsivq* been behaving thepiBOlvea • bettor faring tkojast few weeks than thoy did .at tho commencement of the Bcasion, and Maorosaan' ^Mprovod that ho has a hoart of flesh after •II. Everybody would bo happy and contonted, • tut, unfortunatbly, the Mluist r for VVorkn has Mopted thq wrong- rou(c for tho <Sandg«to lino I always,had a prosontiroont, somehow, that, in the multiplicity of sorvoja ho had mado for that line, he wonld got' oonfnsed and fix upon tho Wrong ono—and he hns dono it. Ho hnB docided opon the railway going round by .thio Nudgoo iWampi. , This.is tho-more unpardonable on the part of' tf ftorosgan, because I havo ovary, ttason tofeelievo that ho did'it purely out of Bpite to ^Bishop O'Quinn. Tho bishop owns of Upland ato^nd t^cro that ia any good,' nd for many years past ho has been anxious to. excludo trespassers from tho Nudgoo Boaoh. - Four, or five times to my ■ certain knowledge . thero has been a bobbery about the road to the beach being obstructed :ahout holiday times. Sometimes tho > road has been fonced in, at othor times trees have boon foiled nnross tho track, at othor timed do'cp ditches have boon diHcovproi intcrnccting, tho* host crossing placos, and at othor times something olso. Allthoso, as ! thko it, wero broad hints that tho bishop did not want intrnders on that beash. . TTndor these circumstances it would havo been a'grace • ful act of ciurteey on tho'part of tho Minister for Works to bavo humoured his lordship' just a littloby keeping the railway and all heretical, travellers well away from the place.- But no, with the perversity of a rebellious Irishman* he goes and takes his nasty noisy railway close under the walls of tho Nudgoe nunnery, so to speak, and the Sabbath quiet of that place will be destroyed for ever. It was very cruel of Macrossan, very cruel indeed. But be will have to suffer for it, without doubt—or the taxoaycrs of tho colony will—which isinuch tho same thing. To get tho railway to that nunnery ho will havo to cut and mangle a deal of the bishop's land, and that lota tho rov. gontleman in for heavy compensation. What with loss of land for railway .purposes, damago by sever anco, and oiio thing or other, ho can come down upon MacroBBan for a lumpiug big cheque— and sorve him quite right., He ought to have known bettor than go interfering with people's private property in that way, when thero was no necessity to do anything of the kind, and when ho know very well how it would annoy and griovo the owners. The Protectionists of the Assembly have scored their first victory. They have secured the retention of a duty equal to about twenty por cent, on low class leathor. It scorns, from what was asserted by the advocates of this duty iu tho House, that Queensland tanners cannot compete with those of tho other colonics. Tan* ning of leather is not an industry which can bo made local in this colony except by imposing very high duties on imported leather, becauso our tanners havo to import their wattle birk and carry on the industry under manifold difficul ties, which tanners in other Colonies dQiiot havo to contend with. And,' after all, if the shoemakers are to be bolievod, tho majority of these tauners only turn out a very indifferent articlo at a high price. If tho duty on imported leather were to be taken off, tho Queensland, mude articlo would not stand a ghost of a chance Under these circumstances only ono of two courses can ho taken—namely, either to on courage tho making of good hoots and shoes at a reasonable price, or encourage tho makiapr of indifferent leather at a high 'prioe—and the latter has been adopted. 'It is con sidered far better that tho tanning ef leather should be encouraged in the colony, no matter at what sacrifice, than that shoemakers should have the chance of purchasing good leather mado in some other colony where tho right kind of bark is plentiful and cheap, and facili. ties for carrying on tbo industry aro moxe abundant. What can it matter if tho wearers of boots and shoes havo to pay s trifle more per pair, and if the boots vear out'a littlo quicker, so long as they are made of leather tannodin' the colony. If tho pooplo now engaged in tanning. , hero wero not employed at that in*, dnstry thero is nothing clso that thoy could turn their hands to to earn a living. That is where the'' "Protectionist argument comes in1 with such-force. It was a glorious victory of the; principle, and one over-which the shoe \- makers, harnessmakers, and tho general public,' who have to purchase articles made of leather,' ought to exult exceedingly. Clearly thero is. nothing like leather—so long as it is homo-, made. :««.•/ - i The man who undertakes to perform a publie duty in this colony can seldom form nny;clear conception of tho pacrificcs it involves at times, saerifices'of peace of mind and perionul comfort, as well as of valuable time and money occjisiou* ally. 'Tho faithful dischargo of a public duty makes a man enemies in all direotionp, and pomo of those pooplo'will descend to any meanness in ordor to voiit th ir spito uponthoso; who \haycj oftend'od them. But tho vory'moanest. trick I, ovor reinembor to, have4 heard of, way porpo trated'upon a respectable, intelligent, and con scientious-shopkeeper* of -South' Brisbano last wcok.' Ho is a mcmborof tho Local Board of Iloalth for,that district, and a'complaint hav- . /ing boon sent in of a .nuisance, which filled a neighbour's house with*, flies; this gentleman. with somo'other members of .the board, * went ant to linspbpt After'examining tho'nlleged 'nmsancoi they camo^to.tho.'conctu^^ waVnot a nuitianco to tho neighbour, who com plained,"au^thnfc the flies which: infested hU. dwelling procwded from soroo slaughter yards belonging to somobody olso on' the opposite aido; of tho ' paddock. ' Tho: following,' is the way thftt conscientious .shopkeeper 5 wa* mado to suffer for. giving anr honest opinion* on :tho mibject:—Tho.' complainnnt^ or some mombor of his family, w*mt to an i^on monger's 8hoj>, bought" a patent' fly-trap, got it w'oll filled with, tho liveliest and nJOBt vicious flies thut coMld bo enticed into it, and then sent ono of tho-youngsters on somo--nrrand to tho shopkeeper's* with the flytrap' in his hand, with injunctions''to 'opon 'it' aa'-; 8pon-'5aa'"- hV,.goJ well inside the . shop. - He did -so, 'and 'before you could' -say: " knife,'-1 - that'-shop'■ wag1 swarming with hungry spiteful flies of about twenty-Beelzebub power each.) -Was not thts a terrible revenge to take ? was it not cruel and malicious ?. I. understand . that :thoRo-,fluMy either frorrj sheer ciiRScdncfls, .or nut ofgrulUurie. to tho youngster who mit them at liberty.in Siich .a nice place, havo nearly driven that member of tho Local Board of Health cranky. :Tho youngster got his ears boxed, but that 'did not kill any of tho flies he had turned loose—it' only made them inoro savage and remorseless in their persecution of the shopkeeper. .1 got an awful turn the other day. Picking up a London newspaper whioh had just arrived by the mail, the Standard t Ithink it was, I saw a long account of a now kind of tail-Jess monkey of great size, whioh. had been captured in parts unknown,and .placed in the Westminster Aquarium. There was over a column of par. ticulara of tho app earance, habits, and manners of this gigantic ape, andj as I road on and on, tho impression became stronger and stronger on my mind that aorao wicked person had kid napped'afervid Australian patriot who had been caught hanging round loose, had cut pieoe off his tonguo, and then palmed him off on Mr. Jamrack, of tho Aquarium, as a specimen of the "missing liuk," caught i tho wild jungle of Malacca, or Borneo, or some otbor outlandish place. For instance, the writer in the Standard tells ua that this' gigantic monkey without a tail is very intole rant of cold, is very fond of his blanket at night, has very bright and watchful ■ eyes, possesses & healthy appetite, and seems to re gard it as his highest and most sacred duty to look after his own interests generally—as far as ho can. I have myself remarked just the same traits in a purebred Australian patriot Then-, again, we are told that this animal has not much " brain power," bnt when he is irrif tatod, when " his monkey is up, he begins to use his jaws with tremendous effect." 1 ; went on reading these particulars with a quick, beating pulse, and my < heart in my mouth, so to speak, feeling more .and moro convinced that my first horrid suspicions were about-to bo realised— when I-came to the statement that this big monkey, had no thumb worth a mention 1 The weight was taken off my mind at once. I know it could.not be a kidnapped Australian patriot—not oven a Victorian " Liberal"— which I regard as the lowest typo of the patriot, species, because they havo all got thumbs whioh aro developed to abnormal pro- ' portions, and whatever thoy can got their thumb on they nail and sttck to. Not only so^ bnt there is very little they really, desire that they do not manage to get their thnmb on, soouor or later, by hook or by crook. It was a great relief to find that all my fears had been ^ groundless. .... .1 