A Ghost Story of To-day. THE Rev. Augustus Jessopp, D.D. (says the Pall Mall Gazette), has published in the Athe[?]um a remarkable account of an apparition of which he was the witness in Lord Orford's library at Mannington Hall, Norfolk, in October last After dinner, the party having broken up at half-past 10, Dr. Jessopp retired to the library to take notes of tome of the rare books which it contalni. What befel him there be thus narrates :—"By 11 o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon busily at work and absorbed in my occupation. The room in which I was writing was a large one, with a huge fireplace and a grand old chimney ; and it v needless to say that it is furnished, with every comfort and luxury. The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reaoh the volumes I wanted to examine. There were nix small volumes in all. I took them down, and placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work—sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with a book I placed it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burn* ing, and, as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only one piore book to occupy me. I rose, wound up m°y watch, and opened a bottle of seltser water, and I remem ber thinking to myself that I should get to bed by 2 after aIL I set to work at the last little hook. I had been engaged upon it about half-an-hour, and was just beginning, to think that my work was drawing to a clow, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fin, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been at wqrkupon. the matfs face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely cut redd>h*brown hair, bis ear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high cheekbone. He was dressed in what lean only describe as a kind of 'ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or tome auoh material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The right hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, with out any great pressure, the Jefs hand; both hands were in perfect rePo*** W 1 tQe 3*B° blue veins of the right hand were conspi cuous; I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent 'Dead Knight 1 in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sure that he WM not a reality. A thousand thought* cane crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm or even uneasfiaeas ; enrioeity andy strong interest weftf'tfMtrmojt. For an Instant I felt Mger to make • sketch of my friend, and I looked at a, tray on my right for a pencil; then I thought, «Upstdrs I hate a sketch-book. Shall I fetch it T There he sat, and I was. fascinated'; afraid, not of his staying, bat lest he should go. Stopping In my writing. I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this—my arm pawed in front of the figure, and It vanished. I was simply disappointed, and nothing moie. I went on with my writing, as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutos, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had determined to extract when the figure ap peared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. I caw the hands close to my own; I turned my head again, to examine him more closely, and I was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid nf the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, 1 shut the book and threw it on the table ; it made a slight noise aa it fell—the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come agaio, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stolo upon me a dread and a Biwpicion that I was begiuniug to lose my nerve. I remember yawning ; then I rose, lit my bedroom candle, took my books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and replaced five of the volumes ; the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where I bad been writing when the phantom did me the honor to appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneusiness. I blew out the four candles and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty—l know not which—but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnished narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, or in ference I leave to others." The Explanation. Subsequently (on January 17) the Athenceum published the following :—" We have been overwhelmed with letters regarding Dr. Jcb* sopp's narrative. Several correspondents are anxious to know whether the ghont Rat on a real chair, whether there is any tradition of a ghost at ManDiogton Hall, &c.; We print the two letters which offer the Inont plausible explanation. Dr. Wilkp, K.R.S., of fl-iy's Hos pital, writes to us :—' Putting .-widti t!i« pupposi tiou of a trick, the ntury retiulvus iti«o!f into tliu question whother the appoar<tuco of tho intn be side him (Dr. Je&sopp;) was objective or subjective. Under ordinary circuuißtnuces when wo sue uu ob ject the latter is materi.il, and forms uu image on theretiua ; this id mentally knownihroutfb v per ceptive part of tho brain ; the tuero retinal image is not enough to constitute viilun, an pictures are constantly painted upou the retina which are never discerned. Now it is possible for this perceptive part of the braiu to be thrown into ,an active condition quite independent of the normal stimulus conducted to it from the retina, and under these circumstances the person ap parently sees an object which, by the law of our natnre, is projected by him a certain distance before the eye. This is common enough in fevers and in delirium trcment, where patients see people and animals around them whose reality is such that the memory of these becomes a part of the experience of their future lives. In mental de rangements these hallucinations are also common, and patients Bee object* and hear voices which have no external existence. So it is in our dreams, from which we may be suddenly aroused by a great noise where all is still around, the auditory perceptive centre of the brain having been Abnor mally excited. In normal conditions the sight of an object implies the painting of it on the retina, as the hearing a noise implies the vibration of the drum of the ear. If sight and hearing occur without these normal excitants of the nerves, the braiu must have been stimulated from within, and the impressions are abnormal and subjective. At the present time we have no knowledge that anything in the likeness of a ghost or anything that has not a material basis can excite an image on the retina; whereas we do know that under abnormal conditions the brain may be stimulated so as to produce a visual impression independent of any such image on the retina. The pro babilities are then immensely in favor of the appearance which the doctor saw being subjec tive rather than objective. We have only to suppose that those very common abnormal con* ditions of brain which are observed in bad health may occur under exceptional circum stances in an otherwise healthy organ to account for the occasional appearance of ghosts. The probabilities are also in favor of this view from other considerations. First, there seems no reason why the spirits of another world should prefer midnight for their visits, but the reasons are obvious why we should con jure them up at that time. Then, again, the want of individuality shown by this particular .ghost: an ordinary mortal would find it very difficult to put himself 'in exactly the same place and attitude, as before' on his appearance a ■ second time, as this apparition did ; and then so dependent was it upon the observer, that when the latter put his arm up it was gone, and the same occurred on the second occasion on another t rifvement. How these movements of the doctor could have affected a real object does not seem clear, nor why it could not be gazed at from dif ferent point* of view. It may be noticed, too, that ita nearness corresponded with the focussing of the doctor's eyes to objects close around him." Ur. A. Wilton, F.R.S.E., writes :— "As the narrator leaves explanation to others, will fou permit me to remark that hi* experiences venr apjbjy illustrate to my mind a laimnle and readily explicable ease of 'subjective [sensation.' As such, Dr. Jessopp'a ghost is ex plicable satisfactory* to the phyaloiogfcal mind jon-,the 16>a thaMn fmagp has W»n retained, and jfonqed in his sight-centres, and has been unoon •eioosly nrojecw lorwatds, fron^the background lof epnatstoasneas^o assume (to the subject of the Illusion) tb» veritable/appearance pf a, human 'figure or spectjp. Tlij well known.case of Nieolai, the Royal Academician and bookseller /of Perlio, it the best known .recorded instance .of similar visitations; and Sir David Brewster, in his history of 'Natural Magic,' gives the case of a Sirs. A., who was a ghost-seer of somewhat remarkable kind. Cases such as those illuatrated by Dr. Jeesopp are by no means unknown in medioal practice, and are explicable on the theory of. reversion of the ordinary phenomena and routine, of sensation. The only point concerning which any dubiety exisUconcerns the exact origin of the specific images which appear as the result of subjective sensory action. My own idea is that almost invariably the projected image is that of a person we have seen or read about. It is not ■necessary that wo should remember the incident to reproduce it thus, for '.unconscious memory' is a notable fact of mental life. In Dr. Jeasopp's oase there is one fact that seems to weigh materially in favor of the idea that the spectre which appeared to him in Lord Orford's library was an unconscious reproduction of some mental image or figure about which the doctor may very likely have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study. He describes the figure as dressed in the costume of a past age. Does not this fact alone testify to the appropriateness of an} autiquary's ' illusion' being drawn by memory and imagination from the days of old aud from the forms of the pact ? Mental physiology has not yet sufficiently progressed to enable us to satisfactorily aud fully explain the rationale of the mental acts which evolve the spectral illusion ; but I would fain add, in con clusion, that such facts of mind as are already within our ken place cases like that of Dr. Jessopp within the pale of a rational explanation ; whilst our beet thanks are due to tho narrator for hid record, as au aid to tho diffusion of a plain understanding of ' ghosts' on a scientific basis." Dhkssinu tue Hair a Hundred Years Ago.— Mr. T. A. Troilope describes the practice of dressing the hair n hundred years ago in MilaD, and what was the custom in Milan was also the custom in man; other communities. The hair both of men and women wns dressed in the most elaborate fashion. The use of powder wpb universal, and the importance attached to nuccees in causing it to fall with the utmost possible lightness on the elaborately arranged hair, and to the perfectly equal distribution of it, wnsßuch that no means were thought sufficiently efficacious save imitating the fall of snow from heaven. ,An apartment was, therefore, provided in well* ordered palaces specially destined and adapted to this operation. The patient entered, covered from reck to foot with :i larfte sheet; a Houry hhower btgan to full, i.ud in a few minutes he < incited inure tJ>;iu halt s-moihuicd by the diibt -1 iduu atmoophurc, but with tjo exiiuitiite uicui t-!cture of hid curls powdered a ntvir, and not v Lair displaced from its artistically ordained position . Buy : " What are you crying for, Sally ]" Oirl: " 'C«»a 1 got the toothache." Boy : "You go round to uiy grandmother. Sho 'ull show yer whut to do; «he kuowu how to tuku herb out an' put 'em back whenever she wants." 