MARINE BOARD. Thuhsday, Ootobeb 7. Present —, Captain R. H. Ferguson, S.M. (president), Captain J. W. Smith,. J.P., Mr. S. X). Gljde, J.P., and Captain B. Tapley (war ders), and Mr. T. N. Stephens (secretary). Captain, Smith , asked- whether anything, had "been dene relative to enquiry into the accident to the Sorata. The BEBsrpuNH-8aid.it was in -the hands ofg Messrs, Kingston: & ^Kingston, the solicitors appointed for the i Government. Captain Smith thought the ;date ought to be fixed. The President, said the board had yet to lay the charge. The reason why it. had: nob been already done was because they had ho w-i3h to compel the officers o£ the vessel to leave 'her before their work was done. Captain Smith said that the enquiry might then be de i lajed fpr six months.i The PREsiDSNT said they. ; wiehed to avoid, complaints that the"officers, of ; the shipwere j^eventedfrom,unloading her by being brought away-to-.attend..the investiga tion. Captain Smith'failed' to. see what in justice could be done by the enquiry being held in the present state of affairs. The officers and other witnesses might leave the vessel and go away.' " The President said- there waa no, . reason to suppose that anything of this sort would oacur. He. quite agreed, however, that the enquiry should be held as. soon as possible. At.,present the board were in the hands of the solicitors', towhomhe thought it would be hetter ' to"write and express an .opinion that the enquiry should take' place without delay. This was re solved upon.' »• -. The §HesBTA,RT-ealled the atteution of the hoard to the necessity of fixing the fees to be received Jby.rnnnera for obtaining seamen. The President said that in Melbourne the runner attached to the Sailors1 Home received 2s. fid. a man, but an ontside rnnner reoeived 10s. per man. He thought 5s. would he a proper fee for Port Adelaide. Mr. Glide said the agents at the Port considered 5s. a fair amount. It was decided to fix .the fee at 5s. Captain Smith sug gested that a clause should be added to the regulation stating that the fees for procuring seamen should be paid by the masters of the vessels who required them. It was pointed out, however, that this would be unnecessary, as the shipmasters always paid the fees. With reference to the application of the Port Adelaide Corporation to the Government for leave to include the road bordering sections 1128 and 1131 in their boundary, which was recently forwarded to the board for approval, Captain Smith asked whether it was the inten tion of the corporation to construct wharfs ou the side of the creek adjoining the road alluded to. The board did not appear to fcnow, although it thought that such was the desire of the town council. After some discussion it was decided —"That the board had no objeotion to the roil being conveyed over to the corporation on the understanding that they did not erect wharfs there." The Surveyor-General forwarded plan showing a Governs ent reserve of 100 aor& a&joimng; the Gape; Jaffa; Lighthouse. The':PsESrpHSFf' Said that the keepers ofthe lighthouse had asked for a portion of the reserve to be fenced in for horse feeding purposes. There was some JS300 dh the Estimates to be spent: on lighthouse property, and seme- ot-.this might be expended in the work.'..The.other,ihein^s. of .thCr-board con currte3;land it acoordihgly. H. Simpson, writing with reference to his dis pute with the board about his tender for supply ing the department with coal, said he wished to reiterate the statement he made to Mr. Shepherd, vis., that no information was ever given to him of the intended change in the conditions nnder which the tenders were called for. On August 28 he protested to the board against the way in which they had picked out the lowest lines for each place, "thus departing from the custom which up to that time had always prevailed in deciding the contracts for the supply of fuel to the harbors and jetties department, vis., that the lowest teuder for Port .'Adelaide should rule the whole.'.' He entirely denied that hejjuad ever received notice of any change from theusnal conrse, and he oonld prove that other tenderers received no notice nntil their tenders were ac cepted. He therefore requested that an enquiry should be made into the matter, as it was manifestly nnfair that the tenders- should be called for nnder certain conditions, and when the prices had gone in the tenderers shonld be informed that those conditions did not apply. For two years whilst the harbors and jetties department was under Mr. Hickson's charge, he (the writer) was several shillings a ton lower for the supply of coal to the outports than the successful tenderers, the South Australian Goal Company, but because they were a trifle (not over 6d. per ton) lower than he was for the supply of Port Adelaide, they took the whole of the contracts. Had he known that each tender wonld be dealt with separately, his prices wonld have been very different, and he protested against the action of the board in.the.matter. The Pbbsidbht said it was a contract entered into by the harbors and jetties department, one of the officers of which had informed them that Mr. Simpson had received dne notice that the system of accepting tenders would be altered. It was resolved that the president should confer with the Treasurer on the matter. The Treasurer forwarded plans of Government reserves at Ports Adelaide, Pirie, Wakefield, and Augusta, and of lighthouse reserves at Point Lowly, Oorny Point, and Point Marsden. The Ohief Secretary asked whether there was any necessity to keep the hulk Fifezjames in her present position, as if not instructions would be given to remove her to the North Arm, as con siderable expense wonld be saved to the Desti tute Board by so doing. The board saw no objection to the removal of the hulk so long as three months' notice were given. The Chief Secretary approved of the neces sary repairs to the hulk Harriet Hope being done by Mr. Craickshank for £241. The engineer to the board, with reference to the deepening operations authorised to be done at the entrance to the ohannel connecting the Fort river with the new dock, stated that the Seuth Australian Company had given him per mission to make fast the dredger ohains to their-wharf on condition that all damage done should be made good; and as it was only a sheet-pile wharf with lead back piles he was atraid that ia large dredger like the Willunga will pull the same down or greatly damage it. The Commercial. Wharf Company would allow them to make fast'any; chains on conditions that all damage was made good, and that the shipping was not detained.- .Otherwise £40 per week compensation would be asked; : Some dis cussion ensued as to- the decision of the Go vernment to conduct the deepening operations, and ituvas remarked that that was the,drat time dredging!inside 100 feet from the wharf had ever been done by the'Government. • The'-Paa siueht said he did hot th ink it '.necessary ts use tbe-wharfs-for the-purpose pf-mooring the dredger inmid- ohannelj. it .could- be- kept in position by buoys.*~He* thought,'"however,*that if it should become necessary to use the wharfs the Dook Company should take the risk of damage. It was then resolved that the Dock Company should be asked to inake\thamselves responsible for any damage done during the progress of the work, and for any claim that might be made in respeot of it by the South Australian Company. The proposed hew Marine Board Bill wa3 laid on the table, bat it was left until the following day for consideration. The board approved-of the suggestions made by: a recent deputation of firework ^importers that the notion of the new explosives by-law should be suspended until after the present season as far as fireworks were ooncerned. The Engineer of Harbors and Jetties for warded plans of jetties at Waterloo and Mount Dutton Bays, Venus Harbor, Balgowan, and Fort Germein. The Commissioner of Police intimated th&t; in future the police would, see to excursion steamers carrying, within the nnmber of pas sengers for whioh they were licensed as re quested; The secretary read the letters relat ing to.the alleged over-crowding of the Aldinga at the time of the Sorata accident, ont of which the present discussion arose. In his letter to the board Mr. J; Turnbnll, secretary to-the Ade laide Steamship Company, said that when the Aldinga left Fort Adelaide he had taken all pre cantions to prevent overloading with passengers. Passages were refused to several applicants, but these went on board before the vessel started and refused to go ashore. The police were asked to remove those without tickets,.but they refused, Sub- inspector- Sullivan stating that they should be proseouted at the end of the voyage. Afterwards when, the vessel was at the Semaphore Mr. Tarnbull went on board, but found that she did not have more than her proper quantity. A letter was also read from Sab-inspector Sullivan to the Superintendent of Police on the subjeot. He said that if there wa3 more, than the licensed number of passengers on the Aldinga when she left the wharf.the Steam ship Company's agents most,have beedjaware of it, as they took the money, from thoBe who had not previously obtained passages, whilst the vessel was proceeding from. Port Adelaide to the Semaphore. H&could-not-find; any members of the foroe who had- refused-to assist the agents-in preventing overcrowding. The Superintendent of Police entirely, exculpated the police from any neglect in.the-mattec. .- - J j< .. The harbor-master at Port Pirie reported the grounding of the brig Alexandra on September 11\. After befog lightered of 90 ton» of . odrgo she was, towed off. by the steamer Stqr Of Hope without haVihg'stistained'.aBj^daDiage, .." v- J;« E. Evans, master of the''Alfred Hawley; called, attention to the argent want of more leading lights on the western coast of Spencer's Gulf, as it .was an exceedingly. difSoult matter to guide ships there with safety. He recom mended that lighthouses be erected at Corny Point mid Point Lowly. The lightship which was at present at the latter place was of comparatively little use. The pilots at Port Augusta agreed with this. Captain Evans also informed the board that lie-had Sound much less watea near the south-west of the buoys on the. eastern shoal than what was. marked on the latest Admiralty charts,. The President said for several-years he had been continually re commending the Government to place mere lighthouses in Spencer's Gulf i Accidents, sceli as that to the Alexandra,.were often occurring, which showed the necessity for new lights,- It was decided' to -forward Captain Evans's letter to the Treasurer withareeommendationthatnew lighthouses should be erected,say at Corny-Point, Point Lowly, and Blank Point. Mr. Glyde mentioned that two -fifths of the wheal, in. the colony came down from north of Wallaroo. E. Jagoe reported an accident to the boiler of the steam-launch. Derwent. He expressed an opinion that it was caused through .the negli gence of the engine-driver, Talbot, who was certificated. The engineer surveyor to the board said that Talbot had not obtained Ins cer tificate in this colony. Surveyor to be instructed to question Talbot, if he could, be found, as to the accident. The harbor-master at Port Augusta, reported the loss of one of the beaoona,aud.bad condition of the others. Messrs. Whyte, Counsel}, and Co. wrote re specting the transhipping; of crews, from one river steamer to another. They represented that it was frequently necessary to do this, bat on each occasion they had to have new artioles made out, and were ooBseqnently put to con siderable expense. The SEgBBTAftx stated that the present Aots gaye them (Whyte, Ooonsell, and Co.) no power to artkle the men under the firm instead of that of any partionlaz steamer, as the vessels were not " homo traders," as they went from one colony into the other, A clause might, however, be introduced into the new Bill to meet the difficulty, .. Resolved accordingly. ' - F. E. Backnall wrote on behalf of himself and a company, [asking permission to'erect two piers from the frontage to seotion 105, in the district of Qlanville, into deep water. The company proposed cutting a oanal right through the sand hills from the sea to the Port river, where they had about two miles of frontage, of a suffioient depth to' enable the largest Orient liners to come in. To be asked for plans and'particulars of proposed jetties. ; o. c . Worsnop & Dove and <j. W. Rose. &_Co., Ade laide, asked for licences .to store .explosives on their premises. - .The inspector reported that the applicants had hot proper accommodation. To be informed that 'they-must provide it before lieeneerconld be granted.. i,;; ' Four Fort Pirie pilots complained that the pilots with gulf licences had the privilege of conveying, ships right up the gulf-to Port Augusta,whereas they (the writers) wore com pelled to give the vessels up to other pilots at given./points^ . To be informed that the Port Augusta pilots had their, waters from Point I.owly north,- and the Port Pirie pilota between Mount Toung and Port Eirie. .- The master of the Kecamia reported the ac cident to-bis vessel at Kingston Jetty. -The engineer to the board recommended that private persons should be allowed pontoons of silt for their own use.' Approved; the persons using the pontoons to .return them without damage. " ' ■ The* second bow meeting o£ the season in connection with the Adelaide- Archery Club will be held to-day, and the first -prixa: mee tin g on Saturday, ^October 16. Oolonel Downefs prise will be competed for at three- consecutive meetings, commencing to-day.- Competitors will receive handicaps,-which will be posted up on the ground. Professor Pepper is to introduce- his famous ghosts to the Adelaide public in Garnet's Theatre this.evening. This optioal illusion is. one with whioh the name, of Professor Peppor, who invented it, has become so thoroughly asso ciated, that its production by him should attract all who desire to see it represented in the best possible manner. The " ghosts " are not new to Adelaide, but the Professor was the first to call them up, and all other magicians in this line of myBteriouB business must beconsidered inferior; in comparison. We bad -the pleasure of wif£ nessing a rehearsal o£ the Entertainment 'in Garner's Theatre on Friday afternoon^ and can speak in the' highest terms of ' it. ; Professor1 Pepper has - secured for the originals of his ghosts several ladies and gentlemen who have excellent voices, and the mysterious "portion of the entertainment will therefore be pleasantly varied by singing, while the comic element is also freely introduced^ The pretty classical legend of " Pygmalion and Galatea/? receives,, a capital representation-, and various scenes with mortals, wraiths, and ehernbsare also to be pat on the stage. The apparatus is the same aathat whioh the Professor made use of when he gave the entertainment at the London Polytechnic, On Friday evening Mr. Sketchley gave a dramatic reading at Garner's1 Theatre, consist ing of selections from the play of " Henry the Fourth." The scenes ohosen were those in whioh the redoubtable fat knight, Sir John Ealstaff, is introduced. Mr. Sketchley prefaced his read* ing with a few remarks on the Character-.oL Fal staff, which he said was; in his opinion, an ideal creation of the pobt, and not as many supposed a mere caricature of a contempo rary.' He pointed out the extremely diverse characteristics of the1 fat knight as depicted by Shakspeare, maintaining that although a sot and a braggart he was nevertheless represented1 as a gentleman, and that his supposed cowardice was really .the result of "want of energy arising from his habit of body rather than from want ; of pluck. Mr. Sketohley's voice Isadmirably suited to the impersonationof the knight, add i it may be said that if' he ever essays' the' character on the stage hA'will not require much aid from art In making up for it.' His reading of the 1 part waft1 in many respeots excellent and he managed to make one or1 two good points, but on the whole it wa3 somewhat monotonous. The reader's failing in this re spect u, however, no doubt to be accounted for by the fact that he was evidently still suf fering from the bronchial affection that has on previous occasions marred the effect of his en tertainments. After the dramatic reading, Mr. Sketohley treated his andience to the inimit ably funny history ofthe manner in which Mrs. Brown spent a happy day at Eoaherville Gar dens; The repeated laughter'and applause of the audience showed*' how keenly they appre ciated the humor of 'the narration of Mrs. Brown mistaking the boat*at London Bridge, and her desperate leap from one steamer to another, of how, she got to the gardens and broke the weighing maobine in'a vain effort to ascertain her ponderosity, had her portrait taken ! by a lad and the consequences thereof, and how filially she gob lost in the maze .and. rescued from her perilous position, ami returned ho cos utterly, fatigued, determined never again to try to spend a happy day along with Brown. The Victorian^ Football Clubl haa: now been formed for seven or eight years. Daring the' first, few years of its. existence it Was the custom .to hold, annual. dinners, but latterly,< owing to various causes, these reunions have -1 been discontinued.. This year, however, it was decided to have a dinner at the end of the foot ball season. The dinner was held accordingly at Christie's Sootoh Thisfcle Hotel, 'North Ade laide, on Friday-evening, October 8,'When about sixty members and others' sat down to a spread • most tastefully prepared by Mrs. Christie. In; the absence of' the patron; Mr.' O.. Peacock,* M.F., and the president, Mr. J. L. Parsons, M.P., the chair was "taken by Mr. W. N. Pratt, and the vice-chair by Mr. G; W. Downs. After the usual loyal toasts had been drunk, Mr. J. Creswell proposed-" The Victorian Football Club."- He said the/style ofplay of theLclhb was the best that;couid^be'<seeu in^any^olub in the association;. ./They ougbt /toibe prOud of their captain,.Mr. G. Downs, who -was aoknow-;; | ledged to; be/ the beCt "captain} dfl any. football club in Adelaide./. They Ihadrbe&h; beaten a few times during the -seisoii, but.that ,• was. mainly? owing to ill-lack, and thhy had-.juBt,reason to be proudCdfi thaifact' that they! -had' beaten? the Norwoods, a club which had previously held the premier position in the .association.; fifr; F. A.' Fiveash, Ijhasecretary pfi-.the club, responded. He read;., the* annuaL -report, and-' gave a resume the matches jvfiich had-1 been • pldyad by the Viotorians during (.'the seaaonr JChe club analysis was as follows:*—In agrociation .matchesten jfcameskad been played, of which five had been won by theqlub,three drawn, and two " lost. Altogether fifteen matches-had been played, of which eight had been won, five drawn, and two lost.- The goal kickers were A. Slight;* who-: kicked: five; J» Sharp,..three;. A. Brinsley, three; and J "Wilson,. B. Brown,, J. Minnie, A. Miller, W. Biley, and W. Davis one eaoh. _ The chairman said hs had a most* pleasing duty to perform* which, was the. presentation, of a gold Ipoket to Mr. A. Slight, the.most successful goal-kicker of the- season.; Mr. Bickle at the beginning of the season had promised to give a present, to the man who kicked most goals, ;aqd Mr, Slight was at the. top of the. list/ with five goals. Ma. Slight returned thanks in a few suitable words. The health-of Mr. Bickle was then proposed by the chairman, and responded to. Mr. iG; Downey the captain of the club^pro poeed—"The Patron, President, and Yica Pnesidents," and said'that ali would agree that their- honorary, officers -.were men who took a great interest ih the game. Although they had .not all ,been present at. every.match each of ; them, had attended; at. least one- match during ■the season..-The toast was drunk with cheers. The chairman and' Oonnoillnr Downs responded. Mr. Bfekle ;gav&rr;" The Captain, Vico-Captain, and Officers." He said -np, doubt Mr. Downs was as good esaptain as they could get iu Ade laide, but stQl.Hethbught7thatwheh Mr. Downs had . been absent Mr, 0. .Warren, had acted almost.if: not as well, as captain as Mr..Downs. Tbe secretary (Mr! j?iyeash).had done his work properly, andhe. had heyetlieard any one speak disparagingly of him. Thecaptain ofthe olub, in responding, referred to the fast that the Vic torian&had; been- the first club to bring :a Mel bourne team o.veryand the firstto visit Viotoria and play there. Mr. *E; ^Whitfield proposed "The SouthAuBtralian Football Association and the kindred slabs," and said it- gave' him much pleasure to see so many supporters of the game present, and especially to-Bee the secretary-of the association. There was no doubt that the association had done a great deal of good in furthering the interests of , tbe game, and in settling the disputes that were sore to arise. Mr. J. Creswell, the seeretary-of the association, responded. The toasts of " The ladies," " The chairman,'1 and " The host and hostess," fol lowed. During the evening songs and reoita tious were given by different members ■ of the club. . -,. . . ■ 