STORYTELLER- 1 THE KING'S MESSESGEB, OR The Mysteries of Mortraim Manor. A Romance or the Reign ol Henry the Eighth ol England. CHAPTER YTTT BASON MOBTBAIM THINKS HE SEES A SCEPTBE. The moment just before his eyes met those of Richard Yardleigh the features of Baron Mortr&im; expressed only great anxiety for tbe welfare of bis son, mingled with profound wrath against whoever bad dared strike that beloved one. Bat as the baron stared at tbe son of the yeoman, an awful gbastliness came upon his face — such gbastliness as one might expect to see on tbe countenance of a man who fancies himself face to face suddedly with a sceptre, a spirit of the other world. ' I ana he who struck Xiord Shard- J stone,' said Richard, calmly in tone, though it was plain that his soul was full of repressed indignation. ' I do not deny it/1 he continued, as he and tbe baron gazed straight into each other's eyes. ' I would do it again under tbe same provocation. He attacked me without any provocation — struck at me with this whip. I took it from him ; I was obliged to throw him down to take it from him. He meant to disgrace me by striking me with a lash with which dogs are beaten. He rushed at me with his sword. He meant to kill me. And for what % Because I, a free-born English man, had dared defend myself from the ignominy of the lash used by his servants to whip their dogs ! He stormed vile names upon me. He called me 'dog I and son of a dog !' He tried to assas- j sinate me, and 1 disarmed him. He j burled himself at my throat, eager to strangle me, and I defended my life. I struck him down ; not with my weapon j of steel, as I could have done, bnt with j the handle of this whip. £ could have crushed bis skull like an egg-shell, had I struck him with all my strength. I had pity on him, and I spared his life. Let him see to it that he never again attacks me. You, Baron Mortraim, bade your people seize and bind me and bait me like a captured wolf. You did not know then why I struck your son. You know now. Ask him, and he will tell you the same that I have told. And now that you know how I was set upon, can you still command your servants to harm me ?' ' He tells but half !' exclaimed the young lord, though but feebly, for the rap on the head had made him droopingly j sick, so far as his bodv was conoerned — : for his spirit was as fierce as ever. Two of the servitors had locked their hands together and so made a sort of living chair, and in this support the young lord was now seated, with his arms over tbe shoulders of the bearers. ' He does not tell all,'' he exclaimed, as he glared hate at Richard. ' He first assaulted Pete Swasher, a servant of this manor, with hand and knife ! — throttled him ! — threatened to cut his throat ! — to drive an arrow through him — ' ' And why quickly demanded Richard, ere tbe young lord's languid breath wonld allow him to say more. ' Because by deceit, by pretending to be badly hurt by the stranger's horse, Ssvasber cheated yonder maiden of two pieces of gold — when he whs not harmed at all — and so I made the bragging liar restore the gold to the maiden.' ' Ah !' said Don Senola to himself, and glancing toward Byrnina, who was several paces distant, seated still upon the pillion, and with her beautiful lace full qf iuterebt in what was going on. As the maiden saw her father's eye turned inquiringly toward her, she smiled and nodded as if to say : ' The h and so ra e ]y ou ng yeoman speaks oniv the truth !' Don Senola nodded in return to his daughter, and again fixed his gaze upon the erect and defiant form and face of the young yeoman who so bravely pleadedin justification of his cause. ' Brave and knightly in mind and person !' said Don Senola in his heart as he gazed at the handsome and courageous youth. 'Yes,' called out the young lord in reply to Richard's last words, ' he made Peter Swasher return the gold to the maiden, and only that she would give it to him ! — he has it in his pocket now 1 I saw her give to him that of which he had robbed Peter Swasher !' ' Aye, aye ! Peter Swasher himself swears to that !' bellowed that worthy, all wet and daubed with mud from his recent nlunze into and wallowing out of the neighboring borse pond. Had be not blinded me by a sudden blow across iny eyes, I would have torn him limb from limb as a cat tears a canary, pr as I slew Scots on Flodden Field, ere he should bave harmed our young lord ! X am a man of few words, and — ' But here Bailv the groom bade the loud-voiced braggart hold his tongue, or all the world might learn what an arrant coward he was, and Swasher remained mute and abashed for a time. ' The maiden gave me the same money which Peter Swasher returned with his own hands to her,' remarked Richard, with a glance of scorn towards the young lord, ' and I received it again by her command to give it to the man who pitied and aided tbe lying boaster, and I hold the coins, to give them to that man on first .opportunity. He who says that I robbed Peter Swasher lies. To my mind he who robs by deceit is no less a robber than the footpad whograsps the throat of his prey and cries, ' Tour money or your life!' ' And having spoken these words he tossed the two golden coins to Baily. Baron Mortraim had not uttered a single word aloud since his eyes had first fallen squarely upon the features of the young yeoman. With the same awful gbastliness upon his countenance, a countenance full of terror, wonder, dis may and helplessness, the baron con tinued to stare at Richard during all of the above conversation. Indeed, this ghastliness of pallor and stare seemed to intensify, while the brave youth spoke so resolutely in his own justification. The servitors around could not fail to see and note the awful appearance of their baron's visage, and many ex changed glances and whispers, and some thought: ' Well, to-day is the tenth of J une, and on every tenth of June Baron Mort raim goes mad, more 01 less ! My faith, | though ! — he looks as if he were gazing at a ghost ! The shadow of the grave terror is on his face !' Master Bradlaw, who was little more than thirty-three years of age, and who was therefore too young to have ever seen Sir John Mortraim — who perished thirty-five years prior to the date of our story — could not of course discover in the features of Richard Yardleigh that amazing resemblance to the face of that knight and warrior of which resemblance and of whom we heard old Martin James speak to his gossip just now j nor was the slightest thought of the long ago dead Sir John Mortraim in the mind of Master Bradlaw as he, too, stared keenly at the features cf the young yeoman. Master Bradlaw stared keenly at Richard, unable for some time to recog nise in the stately, manly, and lordly looking youth now before him the much less tall aud far more boyish lad Tvho had spoken with him two years befoie ; and the amazed steward *yas mate with wonder at the boldness of any youth, even though the youth had been a noble and not a yeoman, who could dare strike the son of Baron Mor traim upon that soil, and then add to the rashness of the deed by defending the attack to the baron's face. ' Body o' mercy !' thought the steward, as he suddenly recognised the youth as one whom he had seen before. ' I do believe that it is Richard Yard leigh — the son of ' Yardleigh the Yeo man,' as his father is termed. I have not seen the lad for two years, and in that time he has beoome almost a man in stature. Yes, X am sure it is the yeo man's son — and yet — aye — it is — it must be — Richard Yardleigh ! And why is he at Mortraim Manor? He has a great name of late in Yorkshire for courage and feats of strength and daring, but body o' my soul J he must have gone mad as a March bare or he would never bave acted thus. Faith ! he looks like a Mortraim !' But here Master Bradlaw chanced to notice that the eyes of many of the servi tors of tbe manor were turned wonderingly upon the baron, whose fixed and glaring stare at Richard Yardleigh was awful to behold ; and glancing upward, for he was standing near the shoulder of the horse ridden by tbe baron, the startled steward saw the terrific and yet terrified expression of his lord's countenance. ' Saints alive ! The baron's gone clean mad at last !' mentally exclaimed Master Bradlaw. ' He will begin to hollow forth his secrets presently ! Body o' my soul ! what must I do? TeBth of June, indeed ! I think madness is in the date, in the air !' Master Bradlaw feared that were he to speak to the baron suddenly, the noble would begin that verbal confession which the almost eqaally guilty steward ever dreaded Baron Mortraim.would shout out on some fatal tenth of Jnne; whiie he tried to think what might be best to be done, Richard Yardleigh and the young lord exchanged words as we have related, and the speechless baron continued to stare at the young yeoman as if gazing at a spectre. Meanwhile, the keen eyes of Don Senola were observing everything, and, of coorse, the remarkable aspect of the baron's face, and his petrified stare of horror did not escape the Spaniard's vigi lant notice. ' Who is the youth ?' demanded Don Senola of tbe man nearest to him at the moment, and that man chanced to be the aged and thin-haired man, Martin James, and his gossip or favorite comrade, Jesse Giles — who was nearly as old as Martin. ' Who is the youth in green, old man ?' repeated Don Senola, whispering in the old man's car. ' Richard Yardleigh is his name, noble sir,' replied Martin, in the same ton«. ' Son of Yardleigh the Yeoman and that is all I know about the youth, sir.' ' But why dues your lord stare at the youth as he does, old man ?' asked Don Senola. ' Why does he not speak ?' ' Nay, noble sir, I know not,' replied old Martin, shaking his head. ' Has Baron Mortraim never seen the youth till now, old man ?' ' I think not, sir. I am quite sure not. sir — that is, sir — that is not since the youth has come to so wonderfully resemble — hem ! but that is neither here nor there. I am saying too much,' stammered the old man, in a low voice. ' Speak ! Speak, old man,' said Don Senola, grasping the withered arm of the old man. '? I will give you a piece of gold if you will tell me whom this youth has comc- so much to resemble since Baron Mortraim saw him.' ' Kay — I am not sure that the Baron e . er saw the youth till this day ; though two years ago — ' 'Speak! whom does tbe youth so i macb resemble ?' repeated Don Seoola. ! ' It may be a mere fancy of mine, noble sir,' said tbe old man, in a toue ' too subdued to be beard by any one else i aave by bis comrade sad Doa Senola — ; ?' s mere fancy of mine — ' 'Net a fancy,' said the o!d man's comrade, Jecse Giles, smartly. ' It is true. I noted the resemblance as soon as yon did, Martin James — yon know I did — ' ' This piece of gold to him who first tells me wbom tbis youth sowonderfully reeembleF,' said Don Senola, showing a coin to tbe two old men. ' 'Why * Great' Sir John Mortraim,' said both in one breath. The Spaniard started visibly, gave to each cf the old men a piece of goid, and said, warning)/ : ' I advise yon never to say the same to yoor lord.' 'Kay, have no fear ot that, noble sir. I wonder we were foolish enough to prate of it to a stranger,' said old Martin James, teBtily ; and with tbis, both ol tbe white-haired old servitors moved away from the Spaniard, and ] whispered to each other ; 'Let os be careful, Jesse Giles. '? Ay ?very careful, Martin James.' ' We may say too mncb.' ' And he him self — ''''Yon mean the Spaniard?' ?'Aye — the Spaniard — he has the Mor traim eye ?' ' He has J' ' It pierced me like a knife ?' ' Ay, and me too, Jesse Giles ?' 'It is very strange, Martin Jame?,.tbst a Spaniard has the Mortraim eye 'i — the true Mortraitt ey* ! — the real, genuine Moitraim eye that belonged to tbe trne old stock.' ' Aye, very strange — but tcoe 1' Now all we are describing passed ia fat less time than tb« reader has con- ] earned in tbe perusal, and much of | which we tell was going on at tlj-j same | time, though in various places ; yet more than a minute elapsed ere tbe baron found voice to say to Richard : ' Good Heaven ] — who are you ? Whence came you ? Why are you here ? What tie yon desire of me ? You should be older ! Yon should be bearded as you were when you died V 'Fall back all ! Fall back all !' com manded Master Bradlaw, in -ireat secret dismay as he heard tbe baron's words, and fearful that they were heard by other?, though the baron spoke scarcely above bis breath. Those nearest to the speaker ' obeyed instantly, an -3 the sound of his sbrill voice, singularly sharp and penetrating at the moment, startled the baron from the dangerons foraetfulness of his sur roundings into wfflc'n his diseased mind was rapidly lapsing. ' Ah 1' he exclaimed, with a violent start, and as he pressed his hands upon his eyes. 'It must be a vision ! — a dream !' And though when he removed his bands from his eyes, as be did a moment later, he still saw before him the resemblance to the dead which had 6* terrified him at first, he gazed at Iticfaard Yardleigh with far less wildness in his stare. ' My lord ! my lord !' said the still alarmed steward at his master's knee. ' May I speak a word in your lordship's ear ! Only one word — ' ' Fear nothing, Bradlaw,' replied the ] baron. ' I am ail right again. Here, j let me whisper in your car a word or two, Bradlaw.' And stooping low in his saddle, he whispered in the steward's ear : ' He is the living image ot Sir Jobn — tbfe father of Clarence and Calvert Mort traiin — when Sir John and I were youths together ! The resemblance is wonder ful 1 . — awful ! — ominous of evil — ex- ceedingly ominous of evil, Bradlaw 1 Do you not see tbe wonderful resemblance !' ' To whom, my lord?' ' To Sir John Mortraim — son of him who was Baron Mortraim before me — son of old Baron 1 enry Mortraim — I mean him who was called * Great Sir John !' — the Cither of iny cousi-i3, Clarence and Calvert ! Do you not see the wonderful resemblance to Sir John Mortraim in this audacious stu-iger, youth 1' 'My lord, you ft. ^et that Sir John Mortraim was dead ere I was born,' replied the steward, uneasily, fur he saw that Lis lord was stillsomevvhat unsettled in mind. ' Calm yourself, my lord — calm ycureelf.' 'It is true. I had forgotten,' mut tered the baron, as he pressed his hands to his tempi--*. ' True, you are uot tliirly iivo yeais old, and Sir John — ' ' My lord,' said Bradlaw, anxiot!::ly, would it not be well for your lordship to quit this tcene, -this excitement, at once, and retire for the remainder of tho day — to — to — tbe — to the privacy you were in when ulie clamor called your at tention hither !' Baron Mortraim made no reply, but ? gazing at Richard, muttered thefollowing : soliloquy, inaudible to all save to Master j Bradlaw; j ' His very image in his youth — Ills very image ! But he was a ful.'-grown, ! full-bearded, great-framed man, taller and broader, eight or ten years older when he died — and if this be but his spectre, I why appears it to me in the semblance of ! his youth f j ' My lord ! Baron Mortraim !' ex claimed Master Bradlaw, in bis shrillest : tone, and gripping the baron's knee almost fiercely, ' You are looking at a youth named '.Richard Yardleigh — tbe son of a yeoman who lives on the other side of the Ouse !' And then Bradlaw added to himself : ' Palsied be his tongue ? Is he about to reveal crime he perpetrated before I I was DO ra? If he once begins such con fessions he will not end ere he reveals those in which I had a share! My lord,' he cried aloud, ' it is plain to all that you are not well. I pray you permit me to lead you to your ^library — in which for years you have been wont to pass this date — and I will then return and settle ail matters here.' The baron turned his gaze from Richard to Master Bradlaw's face, up turned as it was at his side, and read there so much terror and anxiety tliat the current of his thoughts wes changed ; aud be might bave permitted the steward to havo his will, and to lead bim from the field to the manor-boase, bad not vouug Lord Sbardstone called oat fiercely at this moment : ' Halt, you villains ! I will not qui' the field so long as that base-born fellow that, struck me remains unpunished for tbe deed 1' He called ont thus because the two men who supported him between them were about to carry him to the manor honse. He writhed himself from between bis patient bearers as be spoke, but feel&g; faint and giddy the instant bis feet were on tbe ground, he grasped tbe shonlder of one of tbe men to support himself, turned towards bis father, ana said bitterly ; 'Ob, father, you beed the guidance of Bedding Bradlaw more than yon do tbe insult and injury committed by sir angers upon your only son. As for tbe Spaniard, let wbat he has done pars for the present, since be is tbe king's messenger. Tbe royalty of his and our master is his protection. But if you would not have your son's hate and ; curse -upon your 60ul forever, puuteh the j son of a yeoman for what he has done j to the son of the baron — to your sec, my father ! punish him, I demand I Punish him in my presence, or I will curse you as some say my mother used j lo curse you !'' The fierce young lord uttered these last terrible words at the top of his pre cociously powerful voice. His features , were swollen aud distorted with rage, j and he shook his clenched band furiously at his father m he spoke. j ( '/.) !/r reiifunir/l.) j 