LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [Br a Last.] London, October 1. The long expected and hoped for heir to the Spanish Dominion appeared, as a little infanta, and the unconscious babe has shown already that women are of very little account compared with men. The demonstrations in honor of her birth were much curtailed, and white flags and a salvo of flfteen guns only marked the little girl's entrance into the world, whereas a boy would have been welcomed by a discharge of twenty-flve guns, and the flags would have been red and not white. The Queen's mother was with her in her hoar of trial, also the King, her husband, and the Austrian physician who is in attendance on Queen Christina. The usual ceremonies attending a royal birth must be observed; and a lew seconds after her arrival into this troublesome world the heiress presumptive to the throne of Spain, enveloped in muslin and lace, was handed about on a golden salver for the inspection of; the assembled officers of state. The ex-Queen of Spain Isa bella, held her: grand-daughter at the font on' the day of her baptism, dressed in Ser Majesty's gift, a christening robe of white satin decora ed with point d' Angleterre. The head nurse, who carried, the babe, .wore the same necklace and earrings as did King Alfonso's nursei when he went through; the ceremony of baptism twenty? four yeats- before. Tne child is called Mercedes, after her father's first wife, with tbe additional names . of Maria Isabel. Queen Christina has gained increased popularity by this pretty and graceful tribute to the memory'of'her hapless predecessor. Borne in front of the Infanta were the -insignia of baptism, a salver, a mantle, a napkin, a taper, same salt, and cotton wool, besides which wftS an almond cake, which was afterwards cut up aud distributed amoDgst the guests. The layette is made of handsome materials, and is trimmed with Spanish and French lace. Before its birth five healthy youDg women were (.elected, and out of the number the expectant Eojal mother chose two to attend the child if born aliye. The rejected received £50 each, by way of compensation, and returned to their homes. The chosen pair are aged respectively 23 and 22 years. Their nsual dress will be light bine cashmere trimmed with silver buttons. On State occasions they will wear crimson velvet gowns decorated with gold fringe. The uncdnsbions bit of humanity, like " Gallio," cares for none of these things:, It is generally known that His Royal High ness the Duke of Cambridge years ago made a morganatic marriage, which his grace evidently regards as a sacred and binding obligation, since he has not availed himself of his privilege to take another wife of higher rank. Lately I was on a visit to the Saline Springs at Droitwicb, where the lady now is. Not only has the dirty little town a world- wide renown for the manufacture of salt, but for the cure of rheumatism it is almost as famous as some of the noted German spas. At Droitwich, then, a few days ago I was shown a lady, Mrs. Fitzgeorge, which is the name the wife of the Commander-in-Chief is known by. In the glimpse I caught of her she seemed to be a short and rather stout lady, not in any way remarkable, and very plainly attired. The Princess Louise with a very modest retinue is still at the German spas. Her Royal Highness has only two attendants and three servants. She travels as Lady Sandridge. The Princess of Wales, who I see is onoe more in town, has again parted with her sons for a prolonged cruise. It is expected that it will extend over twelve months; and as I have heard that our loved Princess, like other fond mothers, is far from happy when her sons are at sea, and is exceedingly fearful when the "stormy winds do blow," we shall all be glad to hear that the boys are safe at home. Again, speaking of Her Royal Highness reminds, me to say that, disapproving of the extravagant taste of the time with regard to dress, she has determined to set an example of economy to her future subjects. I know a lady who has seen Her Royal Highness no fewer than eight times in the same .costume. Precept is good, but precept supported by practice is infinitely weightier and better, and I hope the good Princess of AVa'es will succeed in her laudable intention, and no longer allow custom to render it im perative a fashionable lady shall not appear in public more than twice in the same dress. Tte much-talked-of union between the Baroness Coutts and her private seoretary has not yet come off, though her friends have ceased \- to hope that their remonstrances will avail to set it aside. Their comments upon the coming event have, however, caused great pain, distress, scd annoyance to her ladyship, and her health has suffered very considerably in consequence, but her purpose is still as stead fast as ever. I see her driving occasionally in the park with her fnture husband; he Is unde niably a handsome-looking young fellow, has rather an aristocratic bearing, wears an imperial on hie chin, a thick moustache, and is besides an excellent whip. Looking from behind, the I aroness appears little older than her—shall I say, intended husband—it is absurd to write lover. Lady Coutts is upright and fragile, and therefore if her face is not seen her figure looks almost that of a young woman. This is an advantage when circumstances make it desirable that the evideuces of infir mity should be hidden so far as is possible, in order that the disparity of age between the two snouia dot; appear so great, xnat the incon gruity is already painfully apparent none can deny who have seen them together. On the face of the baroness Age has set his seal. The marks are distinct and ineffaceable. We all pity her, but it is a pity charged with more than the ordinary amount of contempt usually allied to that questionable virtue, Every woman who has a heart grieves to think of the rich but desolate old lady oraving for affection—of her full, coffers and her empty heart—trying to delude herself into the belief that she is loved for herself and not far her money; an all too patent facirevealed to her in every line of her withered face. It is comparatively easy' to deceive others.; ;To-dupe oneself is afar harder, task, and, I expect the poor lady, has found it so '.]ong.ere now.~ . The baroness 'I ssel was born' in "1814.'; • ■•• * " ■ • •-/ : Many ladies are fond of pets, and these, more especially little- birds, are _ troubled with parasites which tease and' irritate the tiny feathered creatures niuch. For the removal of the pests I find the simplest, safest, and most effectual method is to throw a damp cloth over the cage at nightfall. On uncovering it, which must be done befi re retiring to bed, .the cloth will be found to. be. loaded .with ,the vermin. It should be immediately : thrown into hot water, which destroys the parasites at once. Professor Pepper intends to give three of his interesting entertainments at Port Adelaide, commencing-this evening. In addition to the Clever'ghost 'illusion' the. professorJwiU display the amusing shadpwpantomime, and will exhibit' jrtiaits of the. champion -sculler Banian, the. tx-champion Triohett, andother novelties. The' •jrofeeaor will employ all his own scenery and sppiiances, and the Poitonians who have hot feen tbe entertalnment .should not miss these 1 opportunities of seeiDgrii.'r;-? . • 