A FOLDED LEAF. A FOLDBD pago, old, stained, and blurred, I found within your book last night. I did not read the dim dark word I caw in th« Blow-waning light ; So put it back, and loft it there. Aa if in truth I did not caro. Ah 1 we have all a folded leaf That in Time'a book of long ago Wo leave : a half-relief Falls on us when we hide it so. We fold it dowu, then turn away, And who may read that page to-day ? Not you, my child ; nor you, my wifo, Who sit beside ray Btudy-ehair ; For all have something in their life That they, »nd they alone, may bear A trifling lie, a deadly sin, A something bought they did not win. My folded loaf! how blue eyes gleam And blot the dark-brown eyes I seo ; And golden curls at evening beam Above the black locks at my knee. Ab, me ! that leaf is folded down, And aye for me the looks are brown. . ? And yet I love them whe sit by, My boat and dearest-dearest noto. They may not know for what I sigh. What brings the shadow on my brow. Ghosts at the best ; BO let them bs, Nor como between my lifo and me I They only rise at twilight hour ; So light tbs lamp, and close tbs blind. Small perfumo lingers in the flower That sleeps that folded pago behind. So let it over folded lia ; 'Twill be unfolded when I die I Morts ABOUT TnitrLES.-Valilao'i discovery of the pendulum was suggested io his observ ant oye by a lamp swinging from the oeiliug of Pisa Cathedral. A spider's not suspended, aurons the path of Slr Samuel Brown, ns ho walked one dewy morning in hi» garden, was the prompter that gava to him the idea of his suspension bridge aoross the Tweed. So trifling a matter as the sight of seaweed floating past bia ship enabled Columbus to quell the mntiny whioh »rose among his sailors at not discovering land, and to assure them that the eagerly sought new world was not far off. Galvani observed that . frog's leg twitched when plaoed.in contact with different metals, and it was this apparently insignificant face that led to the iavaatlon of tbs electrlo telegraph. While a bad obsatrver may " go through a forest and see no Aro wood, a true seer learns from the smallest things and apparently the most Insignificant people." " Sir," said Dt. Johnson to a fine gentleman jost returned from Italy, . " some men will learn more in the Hampstead stage than others in the tour et Bfurope." Wellington's achievements wera mainly owing to the faot . that he personally attended to such minuties : as soldiers' shoes, camp kettles, bisoult, horse (¡fodder ; and it wes because Nelson attended to detail in respeet of time that he was eo victorious. "I owe," he said, "all my auocess in Ufa to having bee» always a quarter of an hour befeie my time." PBESBKC« or MIMD.-A young lady was ? sitting with a gallant captain in a oharm ingly-decorated recese. On her knee waa a diminutive nieoe. In the adjoining . room, with the deer open, were tbe rest of tho oompany. Said the little nieoe, in a jealous and very audible voice, " Anntie, kiss me, .too." Evidently something had just happened. ".Toa should »»y. twioe, Ethel dear; two ia not grammar," waa the immediato rejoinder. YB«, FON, LOTS OF IT.-" Do animals have fnnf" asked some unobeerving in dividual. Of course they do.. When a cow ' switches her tail across the face, of the man who ia milking her, steps along just. two yards, and turna to see. him piok up his stool and follow, she h»e the most, amused expression os her fae« possible, and it abu oan kick over the milk-Bail she ' grow* positively hilarious. Tua inhabitants of the Bordelais oounlry are prone to exaggeration, bat one of them recently met his match. He was dining with a Japanese friend om th» Boulevard, and mush rooms oame under diseussion. " In my ooun try," said the Bordslaie, "the mushroom! under the trees ara larger than these plates." " What of that ?" exclaimed the Jap. "Ia my country it is the trees that grow under the mushrooms." A cBiirxw old gentleman, very rieh, asid ¿ still more stingy, is ia the habit of weering v his oloihes to tba last thread. On» of his friends, meeting him, sxolaimed : " They told me that you had a new hat, and I'll bs hanged if you haven't I" " Ob, yes," asid the miser, looking af If he «ex« a trifle ashamed of himself, "yon ièe, My «ire kept telling me that the old one waa a good deal worn out., Well, yesterday was tray wife's Mrthday, and I got myself a new hat fox her birthday present." STAG« BLUNDK»».-Maoready "waa onee victimised in "Virijiaiue." The *' Nnmi toriue" couldn't remember his own name. "You will remember it' sir," »aid the tragedian, carefully pronouncing it for him " by the association of ideaa. Think of ! Numbers, the book of Number»." The ". Numitoriua". did think ef it all day, and at night predueed, tkieega. " the association of ideas," tho following effect:" Numi toriua"-Where ia Virginia f 'YThcflot" do you hold that maiden's' hand T . Cladiua" -Who asks the emsetiomF "Nomitorin» » -11 ber únele-Deuterenomv." . rmm. 