ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. Paul's Church in Narracoorte was performed on the afternoon of Satur day, 20th May. The site of the church is on the hill at the left side of the Penola road, and fromit a very good view of Narracoorte can be obtained. An organ and place for the choir were fitted up near the stone, and a convenient platform had been erected for the priest and others to stand on. The choir, which was composed not of Episcopalians alone but was considerably strengthened by ladies and gentlemen from the Presbyterian church, sung very well, and Miss Smith discharged the duties of organist efficiently. The weather was very fine, and there was a good attendance. The following service was conducted by the Rev. C. C. Elcum, chaplain to the Bishop of Adelaide, who had come to Narracoorte for the purpose of attending this ceremony. The service as here given, was printed and distributed to all who were present. Priest: Dearly beloved, forasmuch as the Lord has been pleased to put into the hearts of his faithful people the deisire to build this house for his holy worship, we haveassembled here this day, we trust, in his strength, to carry this good design into effect; let us therefore devoutly beg his blessing on our undertaking. Priest. Our help is in the name of the Lord.; People. Who made heaven and earth. O Lord, hear our prayer; And let our cry come unto Thee. The name of the Lord be praised; From this time forth for evermore. The Lord be with you. And with thy spirit. Minister.: Let us pray. O Lord Jesus Christ, son of the Living God, who art the brightness of the Father's glory, and the express image of His Person; the Chief Corner-stone hewn from the mountain withont hands; the immutable foundation; strengthen this stone about to be laid in Thy Name; and Thou, Who art the beginning and the end, by whom in the beginning God created all things, be, we beseech Thee, the beginning, the increase, and the con summation of this our work, which is undertaken to the glory of Thy Name, who, with the Father and the Holy Spirit, livest and reignest one God, world withot end; Amen. This Psalm was then chanted: Behold, I lay in Zion a chief corner stone, elect, precious. And he that believeth in Him shall not be confounded The stone which the builders refused, Is become the head stone of the corner. This is the Lord's doing ; And it is marvellous in our eyes: Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, Which is Jesus Christ. Praise ye the Lord. The Lords name be praised. Except the Lord build the house : their labour is but lost that build it. Except the Lord keep the city: the watchman waketh but in vain. Our feet shall stand in thy gates: O Jerusalem. Jerusalem is built as a city : that is at unity in itself. For thither the tribes go up, even the tribes of the Lord : to testify unto Israel, to give thanks unto the name of the Lord. For there is the seat of judgment: even the seat of the house of Davtd. O pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls: and plenteousness within thy palaces. For my brethren and companions' sake: I will wish thee prosperity. Yea, because of the house of the Lord our God: I will seek to do thee good. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son: and to the Holy Ghost; As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be; world without end. Amen. The stone was then laid by Mr. T. D. Seymour of Killanoola assisted by the priest, who said, as the stone was properly placed, In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Amen. Mr. J. H. Cunningham said that a bottle had been placed in the stone, containing some coins of; the realm, a copy of the Narracoorte Herald and the Adelaide Register and a parchment scroll of whieh the following is a copy— "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. This stone was laid by Thomas Drought Seymour, Esq., J.P., of Killanoola on the twenty-ninth day of May, in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighty, in the forty-third year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, by the Grace of God Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Empress of India, &c.;, and in the thirty- third year of the Episcopate of the Right Revd. Augustus Short, D.D., by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. His Excellency Sir William Francis Drummond Jervois, K.C.M.G., &c.;, being Governor in-Chief of the Colony of South Australia. The Hon. William Morgan being Chief Secretary. Sir William Milne, President of the Legislative Council. Sir George Kingston, Speaker of the House of Assembly. Aurthur Hardy, and R. W. E. Henning, Esqs., representatives of the District of Albert in Parliament. The Rev. W. J. Bussell, Missionary Clergy man of the District. The Rev. C. C. Elcum, M.A., Bishop's Chaplain, officiating Clergyman for the ceremony. Building Committee:—Messrs. H. J. Smith, S.M., T. N. Wood, J.P., H. Oakes, J.P., G. Platt, and J. H. Cunningham. Architects:—Messrs. English & Soward. Clerk of the Works:—Mr. John Asasheton. Builder:—Mr. John Lobban The building when completed is to be conse crated and used solely for Divine worship according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England as ordered by the book of Common Prayer. The Church to be named St. Paul's." The following hymn was then sung: All people that on earth iio dwell, <-Sing to the Lord jwitir eheerfulnvMee? i Him serve mth toaivHis praiee forth tel^ Come ye befotoEfim, nnd rcjoiee.",,., ,, , .. The Loto,ye kiMw» is:Godlndeed;; ^ ' Without onr aid tie did us niake: *' . We are His fl(tek^ ;He doto: ns feed; s " AndforHissheepHedothnstoto. -j G enter^thenHSs^gafceswRh-prwse^^r^ Approach. withJoyJBisjConrtB ucto ; For why ? the Lordonr Gqdisgood;. -s s His meruy is fof.'ever snre'; ~ . i*-, \- His triith at all times wftfiystood, t- * And shall from age to age endnte. ToFaihb®, Soij,tan8 HbtTGuoht/t . .JThe God whom heaven and earth adore, Ftom men and from the Angel-host Be praise and gloiy' everihore. Amen. ? Minister. Let us pray. O God, who art the shield and defence of Thy people, be ever at hand, we beseech Thee, to protect and succour the builders of this house; that the work which, through Thy mercy, hath now been be gun, may by their labour be brought to a happy end, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Then was sung The Church's one foundation Is Jesus Christ her Lord She is his new creation By water and the Word: From heaven he came and sought her To be his holy Bride; With His own blood He bought her, And for her life He died. Elect from every nation, Yet one o'er all the earth, Her charter of salvation One Lord, one Faith, one Birth, One Holy Name she blesses Partakes one Holy Food, And to one hope she presses With every grace endued. Though with a scornful wonder Men see her sore opprest, By schisms rent asunder, By heresies distrest, Yet Saints their watch are keeping, Their cy goes up, 'How long?' And soon the night of weeping Shall be the morn of song. Through toil and tribulation, And tumult of the war, She waits the consummation Of peace for evermore; Till with the vision glorious Her longing eyes are blest, And the great Church victorious Shall be the Church at rest. Yet she on earth hath union With God the Three in One, And mystic sweet communion With those whose rest is one; O happy ones and holy! Lord, give us grace, that we Like them the meek and lowly, On high may dwell with thee. Amen. The service was brought to a close by the Priest saying the benediction The peace of God, which passeth all un derstanding, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God, and of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord; and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be amongst you and remain with you always. Amen. At the conclusion of the above service the Rev. C. G. Elcum said that before they separated he would like to congratu late those who had been spared by the grace of God to take part in the beginning of what he trusted would be a really good work. From what they had witnessed they could learn the very important lesson that everything must have a beginning; every house—and this Church was the House of God—must have a foundation, stone and in the same way a.Christian, life must, have a beginning. Might all true and earnest Christians continue to the end, and may those that had taken part in the building of the material fabric for the worship of the Invisible God at last see that building not made with hands and its one foundation, Jesus Christ. It was announced that the collection amounted to £44 6s., which included a cheque of £30 given by Mr. Seymour. A letter had been received by the Committee from the Rev. W. J. Bussell regretting his unavoidable absence on this occasion. 