A FAST TIe' sqnos SYDNEY TO EN(GLAND VIA SsA FANCISCOo--ThO New York Tribune gives some particulars of the fastest mail time yet made from Sydney to England. The Pacific mail-steamer City of Sydney left Sy'dnoy September 9 and reached San Francisco October 5, two days ahead of time. It was just two hours too aInto to catlch the mail train of.that day, and a delay of twenty-four hours was unavoidable. The schedulo time from San Francisco would bringr this important mail to this city two hours too late to catch the first departing British steamer. AMfr. James went to the Union Pacific Office in this city, and roepro sonted the facts to SidnoyDillon, and asked if a special could not be put on to catchl the rogular miail train of the day before. S. tH. H. Clark, general manager of the Union Pasific at Omaha, and A. N. Towuo, general superintendent of the Central Pacific at San Francisco, were present. "Where is the tmrain with the mail at this time 2" Dillon asked of Towne. " On the Humboldt division somewhero," was tihe reply. "Can a special catch the other train ?" he asked. Clark replied in thle affirmative, but added, "we shall have to run the special a thonu sand miles, and it will cost thousand dollars." "I don't care what it costs," replied Mr. Dillon; "do it." Th teole graph was put in requisition, and it was done. The regular mail train was over taken at Omaha; the Australian mail car was attached. Last night, at 9.18, it was landed in this city, andto-dayit goes by the Arizona to England. If the vessel makes the schoaedule time, the trip from Sydney will have been made in the shortest time on record, about forty days. OrPianTroN. or Te STroc-TA.x.-A Fronch cynic tells us that "nothing is certain but the unforeseen," and the epigram is never betterillustrated than when empirics venture to meddle with principles which they have not mastered and sit down in ignorant solf- complaconcy to watch for the desired result. The curious and quite uneoxpected operation of the tax imposed on imported stock in 1877 is an illustration in point. When that impost was first costomplated, its authors paraded it as a special grace to the fiarmers and small graders, who were exhorted to admire tho. iagenuity which protected their interests at the expenso of the squatters of Quconsland and New South Wales. Tue tax has had a threeoo years' trial, and what has happened ? Why, this has happened. The squattors of Quoonseland and Now South Wales are day by day undersoelling the small farmeors and gramiors, aund if the impost is continued the whole market for fat stock will shortly be in their hands. The measure which was to extenud tho blessings of protection to the farming colasses has broken down most disastrously, and the reason is not far to sook. The small frooholder in Victoria could never hope to compoto in breeooding cheap stock with the occupier of vast territory on the Darling or the Lachlan; but he had a commercial market, freedom from drought, and other facilities for fattening sheeoop and cattle which thie squattera did not onjioy. Each class accordingly addrossed itself to that part of tho business which best roepaid it-the squatter reared stock and sold them in poor condition to the farmer, who fattoned them and in his turn sold them to tihe butcher. Then came the stock-tax, and the squatter was not long in discovering that if he must pay ninopenoo on every sheeoop that crossed the Mlurray, it was better economy to pay it on a fat shlcop worth nine shillings than on a store sheep worth thrco shillingt, or, in other words, that an ad valorom duty of eight per cent. was pleasantor than one of twenty-five per cent. So offectually has hlo learned the le sson that the importation of store sheop into the colony lhas almost ceased, and the Victorian farmer must either breed his own stock or must buy Victorian bred stock from his neighbour-in oither case paying more tlan lie would havo dono under the old systom, and more than he can afford to pay if he wishes subsequently to undorsoll the squatter in the hlfolbourno markets for fit stock. If England were to Iplaco a prohibitive duty on the importation of raw cotton and so shut up the M1anohostor Inmills we should denounce it as an act of iiincr'dible folly, yet it would be but an oexaggeration of the policy we have beeoon pursuing in ostablilshing - andl maiutaiuining thie stock- tax.--Alolbourno Argud. I'.u'r?, Man[uuau..-A contemporary tells a curious story of a Fronch marriage. A hosine?s mi n at :Lyons was botrothed to a yoluln li'rinchwclvoani whose oxpectations were considorablo enough to give her the right to be called a heiress. The contract had been signed at the family lawyor's, the hauns had beoon published in the church, and on tihe day fixod for the civil msarriageo tho young couple, with their friends and ro latlions, met at thie manirio. The meyor asks the fatal questions, " do you take so. and-so for wife P " " do you take so-and-so for husband ? " Both answer " yes." The mayor pronollunces them married, and offers his congratulations. The next step is to sign the register. The husband and wife so thely are called-sign, and so do their friends; the mayor is just' about to sign when a telegram is put into his hands an nouncing that the bridegroom has already been married in a foreign country, and the needful papers to prove the statement are on the way. The mayor hesitates, and tells the party to come before him again in a fortnight from that date. Meanwhile nothing more is heard from thie sender of the telegram, and, assuming it to have been dispatcehed by some mischievous or malevolent person, the mayor tells the all but already married persons that he is ready to sign tihe register. But the lady has changed her Inind. She declares that she believes the story of the telegram, sends back her presents, and bids the mayor on no account to sign, The husband, or tile nine-tenths of a husband, on thie other hand bids tie mayor sign. The mayor consults the .juge de pai., who advises him to do what the huty tells him. He takes the advice, and at present thie heiress and her admirer are nothing to one anothller, There is many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip. TRArPINO AN EmrTon.-- The Townsville journals have never been " first cousins," and of late there has been a considerable amount of spitoeful attack and recrimination on both sides. The Northern Standard people have for some time suspected the Herald of cribbing the substance of their telegrams and dishing tlhem iup as original in different language. To verify this suspicion, it seems the Standard editor conceived tihe idea of setting a trap for tlhe supposed pirate, and accordingly published (inter alia) the following purely imaginary cablegram :---" A frightful murder has been committed at Pimlico, and portions of the mutilated body have bheen discovered in a sewer. Startling disclosures are expected." It should be stated that the two journals are published on altrcnate days. Having baited his telegram trap with the above sensational bit of news, the editor of the Standard waitodresults, and on the following day was rewarded by finding the following highly decorated plagiarism of the sham tolegram in the columns of the HIerald: 'A horrible murder has been committed at Pimlico. The body was cut up in small pieces and distributed in several places; portions of the mutilited corpse have been found in a sower. The affair has created a profound sensation, as some persons in high life are connected with the affair. Startling disclosures are expoetod.' Theno of course the piracy was mado apparent and the artful dodger of the Standard camo dowln mercilessly on the convicted --. Well, it was a hard name thilat filled up the hiatus. We shall make no romarks on this little opisodo beyond venturing the hopo thalt our craft does not include many journalists who couldl be guilty of so flagrant and merotricious a piece of trickery and deception. M\ark the ingonuity with which to conceal thie piracy the body was out up in small pieces and distributed, and some persons in high lifo woro connected with the affair. The force of impudence can no further go.-Mel bourne Argus. SIIlOOKIN; ACCIDENT AT A ROAuN CATIHOLC Cnuvnoin.-A shockling accident occurred on Sunday, October , at thle Roman Catholic church of St. Aloysius, Ardwick, Manchester. Whilst the congregation of between four hundred and five hundred persons were leaving the upper room, in which the thiri mass had just been concluded, one of the beams running from wall to wall collapsed and a largo portion of the floor gave way, precipitating eighty or one hundred persons into the schoolroom beneath, a distance of nearly twenty feet. A woman named Catherine Lynch died directly after being recovered from thIe ruins, and twenty other persons were conveyed to the infirmry, five or six of them having fractured lo&gs.; There being only one way of egress from the room, those in the part of the church nearest the altar had to be rescued through the windows by moans of ladders. It is boliovoed the beamn gavo way thllrough a piece of wood which was wedged boenoath a supporting iron column having become rotteon, whilst the rot strucli up from tihe damp basement through the hollow pillar to the middle of the beam itself. APPAruENT SzE OF or su MOON.-hI J. Plateaun proposes a method of estimating approximately the apparent distance at which the moon seems to different people to be in tiho sky. This moans consists in loolking at tihe moon steadily until tIhe retina is suflicioetly fatigued to produce an acci dental figuro or ghost. The observer must then turn his gaze to a blanlk wall, on wvhich he will see the accidental image projected as a tinted patch of the slameo shapo as the moon. lie is to retreat from or advanco to the wall until this image appears to him to be of the same size as the moon did itself. The distance measured off betweeoon the ob sorver and the wall will be the sameo as that at which lhe unconsciously takes the moon to be. Ono of the sons of the author having made this oexperineont found the distance to be in his case about fifty metros. This seeooms a small distance, but, it was the result of a single experimoent under circumstances which wore not very favourablo. H. Plateau concludes the brief memoir on tIhe subjoct presented by him to thIe Belgian Acadeomy by cautioning all persons who may be inter osted in the subljeet to takeo care in repeating the oexperiment lost the great brillilanoy of the luminary should damage their sighlt, Naturo. Ournonm-T~ANrs. LEhATIiE?. --Thero is an old and tri-t saying that " thoro is nothing like leather." The chromo-tanned leather has soveral properties which rendior it superior to the bark-taunied, the upper loather being moro elastic, tougheor, and very endurable. It is closer and finer in the grain than barlk-tannoed loeather, the weight of the two doscriptions being equal. Last winter tho weatlher was very severe, and thoro arosesa necessity for thoproteootion of tlhe feet, and this leather at thalt period would have proved durablo and useful had it beeoon geonorally used to prosorve the foot from daimpness. Many tRestimonials have been given to prove how woell this leatheor wears and satistlies tlh purchasers. Among the many we aullmnid thei following, writteon by Adolph Plitt of .Iidcnlkoplf :-" Rogard ing the now imlvontiom of chromne-tanuing by Hoinzorling's proeooss, I havo givoen the leather a trial, and now bog to state my opinion of its quality. I got a pair of water tight boots made at the tannery of Messrs. Hiosoch and Vonhof of Biedenlsopf, and have wyorn them now (IMarchl 1880) since the now year. I have been able to test them in the heavy snow, through whichl we have been obliged to walk in the forests, &c.;, and never had wet or damp feet, as was invariably the case with hark-tanunedl ox leather and calf-leather. I must draw at tention to the fact that during the whole time I never used any sort of grease, nnd to day the boots are as soft as at the begin nfing. I then triled, after walkling long distances through snow and rain-water, putting the boots before the warm stove to dry, and found to my great surpriso that the leather did not get hard, as it does in the case of harkl-tanned ]eathler. I may just add that I never had a pair of boots that kept out all dampuess and were so strong as those made out of the chrome tanned leather." At some of the agri cultural shows, especially at Kilburn last year, and also at Leeds, and recently at Carlislo, a pair of chromnc-tainned leather boots would have been almost invaluable. In the colonies this invention would decidedly be of greao t importance, and we commend tihe same to the notice of our readers. OnrmIN or TiHE ALHiUSETr.---I the (days when it was believed that HIebrew was the language spoken in the Garden of oEden, it was not to be wondered at that the alphabot should be regarded as a Divine invention anid a direct revelation made to Adam. In the discussions which arose after the dis covery of the Rosetta stone, a certain Dr. Warr denounced as blasphomous tihe at tempt to trace the human origin of the alphabet.- But there aro one or two reasons which may justify us in asking fresh at tention to the subjet on the part of any person whoso opiiions were formIed twenty years ago. In the first place, the doctrine of cvolution, now accepted by so many naturalists, and found so fruitful of results when applied to other domains, suggests to us a now method of inquiry. Notlhing springs into being full-flodged : everything full-formed is a growth, and has had a history, the record of which it retains some traces of. Connected with this, yet still separable from it, is the fact that recent othnological research has traced the parent age of civilised nations to savago tribes, and of the arts and inventions of civilized lifo to a rude and crude original; so tlhat the origin of the alphabet can no longer be thought of as specially Divine. And a third reason is the discovery, in thle year 1868, of the famous Moabite stone, a moenu mental inscription in the so-called Phcni cian character, dating from nearly nineo Ihundred years biefore Christ, anid r-inging us nearer, by at least a cesntury and a half, to the earliest forms of our alphabetic letters. The operation of these causes may account for the diforonce of view between T. J. H., who wrote the article on alplhlbets in tihe Encyclopmedia Britaniicre, edition 1853, and J. P., who wrote the corresponding article I mean an article which does not corrospond -uin the edition of 1875.-Modeorn Thought. A WonnIaurL GoLrET.-At a banquet recently given at Grosswardein in colebra tion of the hundiedthl anniveorsary of the cathedral's completion, Bishop Lipovnicksy, in proposing the toast of tihe -Hungarian King aud the Roman Pontiff, raised aloft ai crystal goblet which had undergone is strange adventuro a centuiry oage. In the summer of 1780 Frans HIacker, a master carpenter from Ofou who had superintended the construction of the Grosswardein Catheo dral, emptiod this very glass standing on the roof of tihe huge edifice to the health of the " King " of Hungary, Maria Theresra, and hurled the goblet from him with the intention of shattering it to pieces, so tlat hlaving served to do honsor to his sovereign it might never again be utilized for any meaneor purpose. The glass however sus taineud not the least injury from its fall of nearly two Ihundred feet, and wais lpicked up by a venerable ecoleosiastical digniitary, Abbot Solomon, who proposed that the namo of the "'King " should be Oengraved upon it, and that it should be sent to Vienna as a preosont to her Imporial Majesty. Beo fore however tihe proposition could be carried out Maria Thoroesa died, and the infrangible goblet was solemnly deposited in tihe trea suro-chamber of the Grosswardoin chaptor, where it has remained ever since, an object of popular admiration and roeveroence. On the occasion of the lateo jublilo it was pro duced for the special puarposo abovo roforroed to, and once again aifter a lhundred years' honorable retirement teeomed with a loyal libation to the health and long lifo of a Magyiar monarch. How vo Oiura?a WYATrin IN TIruE Buss. A correspondent of the Dnbbo Dispatch says:-It is a singular thing to me that so nmany die ii the blush for the want of water wlhn tsho means to got it are so simplo. Any person with a tomahawkl and a tin billy need never go without. Lot them look for a root of a bushy box-troee as thick as their arm ; hlundroeds can be soon a little way out of tihe ground. Cut the root as near the tree as possible, afterwards baro away the soil and out the root as long as possible, tho cutr it in lengths fiftoon inches, put one end in the billy and blow at the other, and you will havo ploenty to drink of the linest wator that I boeliovo can be hlad. I have dranlk gallons of it, made ten of it, and found it as good and wholesome as any water I havo over drianl, and shall do again, If I have to travel in the hbash in a dry time I hang a tomahawk to my saddle ready for all occasions, ind I would adviso others to do the sameo. CO?variAs CAnessuss. --- A Losndon papeor romarlts:-" Colonol Hondorson, in his Imniasal roport just issued, states thlit 28,775 windows and doors wero foiund by tihe polico open at night or insocurely fastencdl; anid ho adds-'Theo direct incontivo to crime and the ficilitioes in its commeission hold out to thiovev by the culpable cs.ro lossnoss of hIousoholders hiavo ar very serious effect in fostoring among a cortaiss class a tendoneoy to theft to wlichl they aro already prodisposed.' It is not the first timo tlhatr onlpablo carolossneshs has boon donouicod, and sineoo the admonoition is not regarded, seomo other remoedy should be tried, IXt is niot tho caroloss hIouseholders who alono sufl'or. TheI tiime and attontion of thlopolico are nooidloessly occupiod. HIabits of theft aro encouragod, and the thief who begins by outoring houses that aro not properly secured, ends by bre'aking into proprlpl secured houses if there is the prospect of a, large booty." The board of trade returns for August; exhibit unumistakable proofs of the steady expansion of our staple manufactures and gencral commcrce. The total exports.for. the month ihave increased about. 10 per cent., both in quantity and value, compaied with tho corresponding period in 1870. Shipmentl s of iron rails have risen 249 per cent. in amount and 8838 per cont.;in value, while in steel rails the augmented valuh averages 15 per cent., the quantity being. 46 per cent. greater. The export of manutt factured iron and steel of various descrip tions exceeds tlhat of August last year by 18- per cent. iP tonnge and 80 per cent, in value, the demand coming principally, as during the past ten months, from tho United States. Cotton piece-goods lhave improved 238 per cent., their dostimition being for the most palrt India and China, and foreign markets have taken 55 per cont. more of our silk manulictures. n0c the other hand the export of woollen and wvorsted yarn is 35:1, per cent. less in bullk and 28 per cent. in value. The total imports have risen 65 per cent. in quantity and 9D per cent. in vidlo. The heavieost items in this category are wood and timber, whichl have risoen 90 per cenCt. in buclt and 118- per cent. in valueo. Wheat also, as might be expected, marks a rise amounting to 1.0 per cent. At the same time sugar has receded 41l per cent, in quacntity and 883 per cent. in value, raw cotton, flax, Ihemp, coffee, cocoa, and rico also showing a larger ratio. It should be recollected hlowever that August forms a conspicuous part of the " dead season," and if results so satisfactory can be recorded for tlcat month, it is not too much to oexpect that thle execution of autumn orders will tend very decidedly to enlarge the returns when thlse are rendered two or three montlIs hience. While It. de Leosseps is straining every nerve in support of tihe Panama canal (says tihe Pall Mall Gazetto), thie counlter-project of a railway ihas been broughlt forward again. Captain James B. Eads, described as " a man of indomitable energy and vast resources," lwho has already gained some distinction in connection with thie removal of impedimonts to navigation at the mouth of tlhe Mississippi, now proposes to carry the largest class of vessels across the istlumus on rails. This railway, tile esti mated cost of which is Ihalf tlnt of tho pro posed canal, would have no loss than six pairs of rails, on each of which, under a cradle 3850 feet long, would be placedol 115 whmeels. With a vessel weighing 000 tons, a weight of not more tlan ,1 tons would thus be imposed on each whleel, tho woight: on each wheeol of a first-celass goods'loeeo motive being albout six tons. To avoid the danger of straining the vessels carried, the lino would be perfoectly straight, arrange monts being also made to avoid vsirtieal strain whei n passing from one gradinet to: anothor. The inventor assorts thict large vessels thus convoyed overlancd winld be subjected to no greater strains than thley. freqcuenotly have to encounter in a rongh: seac. As affording strong ground of on cocragomont, reference is mcade by:tho n6s venteor to the fact that forty -years:-;ago", laden canal boats wore carried noacross theo Alloghany moulntains by similar means.. : Undeor the headinLg " Truth strangor than fiction," thle blortlako Dispatch records the death of a man whoso career had beeoon most eventful one. When in thie old country hie married early, and was soon after compelled to leave at his country's expense. His wife remained behind until shel could earn enough to follow, and soon after came to Victoria with thle hope of meeting and rejoining her lhusiband. There she hcard tlhat hie was dead, and years afterwards married again. With hler second husband she came to the noiglhbourhood of Terang, and theoro to hier camazemont she found her first husband living and well. Mutual explanautions followed, mand iinding that she had beeoon faithful until his reported death they all agrocd to live together. For years thoso throee persons with their childlren lived and loved in the sameo house. There were no quarrols and overythinig cuppearod satisfactory, and she becamo the mother of tvonty-ono clhildren. At lengthl death eon torod the hut and carried off husbaniud No. i. Stsrangeo to say they bohl sincerely mournod his death, and now the surviving couple live togeother i peace and content ment, surrounded by their happy though numerous fimily. Special attention is called to thie price-list of the Rodanow Macnufacturing Co. of Boston, published in these columns. All thoso wishing to securo an excelloet and correct timekeeoper are recommesnded to ad dress theomselvos to this old and roliablo firm. No furtlher evidence of the invariablo good quality of their manufactures will be requcired beyond tihe following facts :-The firm was establisheld in 1819, and since tlhone have g~ainod prize models at the oxhi bitions of London, Paris, Vionna, &o.;, for oexcollenco of manufacture. They are ap pointed by warrant watchmakers to the: - Queon of England, Prince of Wales, the Emperor of Itussia, and thlo Boy of Tullllis. Spiritualist ohoats (says an Amorican papoer) sometimes ropent. A woll-knownc Lrondon medium has acknowledged thart the society with which ho has beeoon connected -now on the point of dissolution from want of funds-has boon in the halbit of defrauding " innocent acd good-lhearted duples," "I have in very shameo avoided having anything more to do with spiritnal ism, and the atonoment I oe'or for over hIaving boon a spiritualist uand a cicdiumn is to offer any service to exposo tlho delusion and the craft." Lecture a lazy boy na much as yoc will on thie necessity of dGvelouincg his Iescoelesd, you cannot moltso sawincg wiood attractive. HIIo would rather bie captacin of a nine in basohall society than to be useful among the blossed. Stopping a busy man on tlhe stroot and taking up Ilis time is simplly highway rob bory. Irate squiro: "IIil I you sirl you're fish ing in cny river. :I demand whai t you'vO caughlt." ,'ishormanc : "All right, gcv'cor. I've caughlt a, cold, and 'm citohing tlh rheoumiatics, and youS'ro jolly welcome to 'em hotlh," " What ]'d like to lmnow," sild a school boy, "is hIow thle months of rivers cean be so? much larger than their heads." 