A YORKSHIRE GHOST STORY. A correspondent writing to a North-country paper describes the following incident, (be scene of the occurrence being an old mansion in the north of Yorkshire ; cozy and cheerful though large and lonely in point of site TTTU T rvm'nry f n rolfttft llftnnPHPlf fft fYlV- VY Uttli JL UUi guillg tv WI»WW « - — J self while staying with some North- counlry cousins, in July,. at their house in Yorkshire. I had spent a few days there in the summer of the previous year, but without them hearing or seeing anything out of the common. On my second visit, arriving early in the afternoon, I went out boating with some of the family, spent a very jolly evening, and finally went to bed — a little tired, perhaps with the day's work, but not the least nervous. I slept soundly until within three or four, just when the day was beginning to break. I had been awake for a short time, when suddenly the door of my bedroom opened and shut again rather quickly. I fancied that it might have been one of the servants, and called out, ' Come in !' After a Bhort time the door opened again, but no one came in, at least no one that I could see. Al most at the same time the door opened for llie second time, I was a little startled by the rust ling of some curtains belonging lo a hanging wardrobe, which stood by the side of flte bed ; the rustling continued, and I was seized with a most uncomfortable feeling, not exact ly of fright, but a strange, unearthly sensation that I was not alone. I had had (hat feeling for some minutes, when I saw at the foot of the bed a child about seven or nine yearn old. The child seemed as if it were on the lied, and came gliding towards me as I lay. It was Hie figure of a little girl in her nightdress— a little girl with dark hair and a very while face. I tried to speak to her, but could not. She came slowly on up to the top of the bed. and I then saw her face clearly. She seemed in great trouble ; her hands were clasped and her eyes were turned up with a look of entreaty — an almost agonised look. Then, slowly un clasping her hands, she touched me on (he shoulder. The hand felt icy cold and while I strove to speak she was gone. I fell more frightened after the child was gone than before and began lo be very anxious for the time when the servant would make her appearance. Whether I slept again or not I hardly know. But by the time the servant did come, I had almost persuaded myself that the whole affair was nothing but a very vivia mgiumnre. now- ever when I came down to breakfast, there were many remarks made about my not looking well — it was observed that I was pale. In answer I told my cousins that I had had a most vivid nightmare, and I remarked if I was a be liever in ghosts I should imagine I hat! seen one. Nothing more was said at (he time upon this subject, except that my host, who was a doctor, observed that I had better not sleep in the room again, at any rate not alone. So the following night one of my cousins sleptin the same room with me. Neither of ub heard or saw anything out of the way during that night or the early morning. That being the case I persuaded myself that what I had seen had been only imagination, and, much against everybody's expressed wish, I insisted the next night on sleeping in t lie room, and alone. Accordingly, having retired again to the Bame room, I was kneeling down at ".he bed side to say mv prayers, when exactly llie same dread as before came over me. The curiam ot the wardrobe swayed about, and I had I he same sensation as previously, that I was not alone, felt too frightened to stir, when, luckily for me, one ef my cousins came in for something which she had left. On looking at me she exclaimed, "Have you seen anything ?" I said, " No,'" but told her how I felt, and, without much per suasion being necessary, I left llie room with her, and never returned to it. When my hostess learnt what had happened, as she did immedi ately, she told me L muBt not sleep in that room again, as the nightmare had made such an im pression on me; 1 should imagine, (she said) all sorts of things, and make myself quile ill. I went to another room, and during the rest of my visit — a week — I was not troubled by any re-appearance of the little git 1. On leaving my cousin, the eldest daughter of the doctor, went on a visit with me lo the house of an uncle of mine in the same county. We Btayed there for about a fori night, and during that time the" little girl" was alluded to only as my nightmare.' In this I afterwards found that I here was a little reticence, for, just before leaving my uncle's my cousin said to me, " I must tell you something I have been longing to tell you ever since I left home. But my father desired me not to tell you, as, not being very eirong, you might be too frightened. Your nigbimare was not a nightmare to all, bukthe apparition of a little girl." She then went on io tell me lbat this "little girl" had been efee'n three limes before bv three different members of the family, but as this was some nine or ten years, toey bad almost ceased to think anything about it until I related my experiences on the morning atler the fiiet night of my Beyond visit. My cousin further went oil to tell me that her younger sister, whilst in bed one morning, about daybreak, to her great surprise, had seen a little girl with dark hair, standing with her back to her, looking out of the window. She took this figure for her little sister, and spoke to it. The child, not replying or moving from her position, she called out to it, " Its no use standing like that : I know you. You can't play triclcB with me." On looking round, how ever, she saw that her little sister, the one she thought she was addressing, and who was Bleep ing with her, had not moved from the bed. Al most at the same time the child passed from the window into the room of her sister A., and the latter, as she afterwards declared, distinctly saw the figure of a child with dark hair standing by the side of a table in her room. She spoke to it, and it instantly disappeared. The " little girl," was subsequently again seen, for the last time before I saw it, by my cousin's father, Dr. H. It was in the early daylight of a summers morning, and he was going upstairs to his room, having just returned from a professional visit. On this occasion he saw the same child (lie no ticed its dark hair) running up the stairs im mediately before him, until it reached his room. When he got into the room it was gone. Thus the apparition has linen seen three limeB by the family, and once by me. I ««> the only one, however, that has seen iis lace. It has also never been seen twice in i lie same room l»y anyone else. 