THE PABLIA.MENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. I Thcbsuay, Septembbe 23. lie Speaker took the Chairat 2 o'clock. BARRIT DESTRUCTION. Mr. EEEa asked the Commusioner of Crown Latds, without notice; what had been done in repaid to the requirements of a late deputation frnm nmnm interested in the rabbit destruction. lhe LOftUnSSIlUiEK of UKOWM LANDS (Hcu. T. Piaj/oro) taki the Surveyor-General had TisiKd the locaMties *nd made satisfactory ar ranftTTiects with the persona who had waited on tfej Government. INJTJBT TO THK KINGSTON JETT7. Sir. HENNJNG- moved that the House tfcorld adjourn ti'l next day at half-past 1 in older to call the attention oi the Government to a telegram which had appeared ia tfcat morning's paper . in repaid to ths new Kingston Jetty. The telegram said: — ' The severest gale we bate experienced this season visited cs yesterday. Its fury was highest at 4 o'clock, and the Government steamer, which left in the forenoon, moat have caught it. At uipht tne l.toii-ia Hike the chains fa&Uning; hei luiueuki jelly, end. after drifting a&ur.st; 'the ne- tr mer. ttrue ushote, dsmaginizcver 1C3 yards of it. an! her o»n bowsprit and bulwark;. Ihis mot air ft. an insfec i«n tf the tcene or the wreck ahoweJ tnat ever tiih:ttn bajsof the jttty bad been damaged. The lilts were knocked in, the longitudinal cross teams, caps, a-.d stays wuhipped, the deck plsckirg was lifted and haneing down, the rails were (tut, and, in short, tae pier is rendered entirely unfit fur traffic.' Further on it laid:— 'At noon to-day the merchant?, shippers, matter*, and others interested met at the Kcjal Mail Hotel, and unanimously resalved to telegraph the following message to the Commis sioner of Public Works:— 'About 300 feet of the cew jelly was carried away by a ketch in a gale last night. We urge that extraordinary efforts be made for its immediate repair, for the following lessons :— The oU jetty is nearly done for, and mar te carried away at an; time; the wool season is now od. and 14.1HX) bales are expected ; the Outalpa in loading, and the Burmah is daily expected with 1,400 tons of railway material, which with the cnlmaiy traffic by the steamers and ketche* will block the work to a serious extent. Apart from the above a great delay will take place in getting the craft to the old jetty, as low tides may be expccuit. Strioua id jury will be done to our trade unless a lot of men are put on to repair the cew jetty without a moment's delay; and unless such repairs can be done, say in a fort night, the old jetty should be strengthened and the srpiorch deepened.'' This would be a very serious matter for the port cf £ing3ton. Ae the teltpiam (aid their wool season wag close at hand, and large quantities cf wool were expected to be ships til. act! units* the damage was repaired at once the trade must- greatly suffer. With regard to the old jetty, which wan still in existence, he feared that nothing could be done to make it of much use, as be had felt it tremble all over when walking on it. The Government should take prompt actior , and send down a large staff of men to repair the Jetty. If that was not' done, woolgrowen on the v ittorisn Border seeing the news, and fearing delajB, would probably send wool by the Victorian potts which they would have otherwise sent to Kingston. He drew the attention of the. Commis sioner of Public WorkB to the matter in order to hear whether he intended to take such steps as would as far as possible obviate delay. ilr. HARDY seconded the motion, and hoped that the Government would take immediate steps toretxfdy the injury doue, «o sa to make the jetty available for the prefect senson. He was eure that it would te very sa'-fsfactoiy to these interested to know that s;ctm were to be taken without delay. He wished tbe Commissioner to say if he understood that the Government vessel, after being erme time at Kingston, had failed in putting down moGring*. ' Mr. C0GLl- also hoped that energetic measures would be taken It the Government, though he did not think the work was one that could be carried out in a day or two. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC W0EK3 (Bon. G. C Hanker) said while he was in the House on tl e previous day the telegram had bees banded to him about the damage done to the Kin p- ten Jetty, and he had sent instructions to Mr. Mais 'to have it attended to immediately. (Hevr, hear.) As. the hon. member had pointed ou', Mr. IViais had informed him that n would ba unless to attempt to repair the old jetty; and. in te-*, no vetstranoald be allowed to be alongside tb: t jttir, and the new jetty had been damaged, tciause the chain and amhorof the Teasel give *a-, aud also- the chain by which she adhered toihe M Jet'j. When be received the telegram irtt'rctkjps had been issued to Mr. Kogers, the Srstdent fcDgineer in, the South-East, and to Mr. Gibtoc, within an hour, to. have the work attended to without delay. (Hear, hear) The qnea£cn~~of the moorings was not in his depart ment. . Slr.EEES wasBOirytbat he had not risen before the C« romhsioner of Public Works spoke, because tie would hare liked: to ask him to state whether be bail icceivt d any report as to the cond tion of th» piles -displaced 'by tbe accident. He had addressed tbe House before at tome length on this matter, and circumstances since bad proved that be bai not arrived at a wrong conclusion when he thought that tbe jetty was not equal to the demands made en it. (Hear, hear.) He wh sorry that a structure of ench a length should have been adopted and called upon to carry out purposes which it was not tit for. lie thought he was right in stating that these piles were found to .have but a small bold. . en the ground and were not adapted to tbe reck they were expected to penetrate, and that the whole of the ttructuie was eminently unsuitei! to the place. ft would be in the recollection of the House that thpjaty at 'Kingston bad been the subject of dig cuFsionsin tbe House, as welt as of a case of arbi tration. It had keen ran out 6,6$) feet, going into -water which was as shallow as at half the distance -out It was not at ail equal to loading ships like the Outalpa, which had to lie considerably off. When the Ourclca-was there before he was on board, and lad found that she bad very little water where she was lying. He saw that the report stated that the 'Ontslpa was now safe. This jetty, in connection ?with the neighbouring one of Kivoli Bay, had been one chapter of accidents from the time of its initia tion till it was finished. From what he had heard, tbe piles had been seriously interfered with, and had been i-cted upon by the water, so that in a vear or two they would be absolutely useless. This was a very hard case, seeing that the structure had cost a targe amount of money. The piles required very careful driving, and he' questioned the 'advisability of putting up a gimcrack 'jetty in a place like Kingston. It was very narrow; the lanrurjg-ntages to his knowledge wer^Dlacedon the weather side; the girders were hardly equal to the lest they bad to sustain, anil ethers ought to be substituted : and the braces and Btayrwere not fit fir theipurposea intended. la such a rising place as Kingston it was obligatory for the Government to put up inch a structure as would meet the wants of the place. Hon. members by carefully rending Paper US of 1877 would Bee evi dence that the structure had been a bungle from the tommenctment up to tbe present time. (Mr. Baxdy— 'Questim.') Tbe question was that the Bouse adjourn till next day. The work had -been a bungle, ar-d it did apr-tar to him that-, although the gale had dbub»le*s-been severe. : theff.tct of a small ketch beincr driven xtainst it should not -have done-. so much daraageto (he jetty. If this was a sample of ?what the jetties were it- augured very badly for the success nf the structures, and was a matter lb*t 't quired very careful consideration. Mr. flK.NNf.Mi thanked tbe Commissioner for therp nm'se hr liau made, and while be did not intri d t ? discuss tr e character of the jetty he had to hesi a'inn in tajing now, ns he had sa;d before, that it wns a v- iy j.reat mistake to build »u?ri a fettyrat Krn?»tcn. It occurred to him that it ??would be advicaM' fo ? tbe Commissioner of Public Works to obtain lhe opinion of the Eazineerm 'Chief -as to whether tte jety ohould no; V-e stieDgthened \\-\ rcttira ?wtxHirn plies ontski*! the iron -ones to meet the case of vessels coaling in eo tact and grating. ThDmotion waB negatrved. - -. K0RTHEKNr TBURITORY liENTi BEDUOTfON. A f ruage was received from His Excsllerey the Cf.rrrpr, directing that a BUI should be intro duced' tb provide for theremUe'-on of ce:tain rents for leases of Grown lands in the Northern Terri tory. .::.?. -.,. ...-, /INSOLVENCY BILL. This Bill was brought ia.br the A.TTOKXEY G^EKAL (Hon. W. H. Bundey) and rwl a fist time, the second reading being fixed for Tacs day next. ' ' , PAPKHS. The TREASUBER (Hon. -C. Mann) laid -on 'the table cop espordence with Hopkins, Giikes, aori K'o. re defective nils snpplitd to South Australian ?Unveroment. ? The cailAnSSIOXER of PUBLIC WOBEG (Hon. (}. C Hawker) laid oc the table return sa to Chinese tmploved on P«tt Aufmsta and Co ?verrtnent Ouros Eail»ar. ; ' To be printtd. ^ORTKEKX TEBRTTORT SEXTS REDUC TION PU.L. ? The report wss adopted a^.A -the third reading *ted for Tuesday next. ? SOUTHERN TERRITORY SUGAR CULTIVA TION BILL. In Ccicmiltce. Preamble. \- -Clause 3 was rtwnjmitted. The. MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. T. Finp) .moved to strike out the clause, as it was tr.derttdod agreements for more then 5/00 acres ~»*re .only to be made with Messrs. Spence and 4'aiUnand De Li*»* and he » oald -iatrixiuce a rcw clauie in lien of the present on.\ -^rried. -:iau£e 6. Recommitted. , The M1K1STEU of EDIT CATIOK -Uon. I. Firy?) inline 3 moved to strikeout 'Gamnraent 3--»i-^Dt foe the time being of and insert ** ftlinisteroootrolIiDg,'* Tt e amendment was ai?eed to. Mr. WEST- ERSKlNkthoaiiht worfseiscitd be iioerted «s to prodact* to he cultivated. ?ibe M1NISIEB of 'EOUCATION (Eac. T. K;rrt moved to iceert after tbe word 'orfier''iRthe 41 m line the words 'agricultural and hcrthul Tht omrndment was agreed to. the clause as amemied was »as?ed. -1at-*o 7 was passed} with- i. conseqnent v*tttl rnftximent. Ibe MiMSTER of ERUDITION (Hob. flE. Kin*) proposed, in lieu ol clause 3. the following rtw clause:—' It shaH be lawful for the Minuter hanrp the control of. tte Northern Territory to er t*r fntoccotractt for *nd on hefcalf of the Go rt loment of Booth Australia with persons desiraas o' cndeitaincx the de«etapment of the agriccl ti tatrftoBtcts U the Kurthem Teaitory. for the i»itct:oD »cd occcpaiiin by siuh. persons of iandi t ni rtfn not exceed'iu: in area of fi.pt.-0 acres undercach i rr.tract for like onrpojes to those in tbe provisional «cretip«nt hrreto MfBt!onc4: provide* that the WKi limit of S.HGQ aa«g shall n )t cxteni to any «-Dtract .cntcied into after ibe passins hereof by tletaid Minister »ith. oce B. C De Lissa. in pnr jrance cf a i con.litiocar contract heretofore made ij ifte*ai« MinUUr riththe tai.f B. C De lissa. f- r the telectfon and ccruraitton by. the said B- C ? I'e Luuof 30.000 *cres in tlie said Northern *«-! rit ry, upen terms and ceuntlcns similar to thoseia: t?J» rroviMonai ag:cemtat in the schedule hereto.'* ! rfaiiifi'. ! 5^rr.amW-an.ltitla *ere aarteii to. the Bill! t jftft\ *???- the i onside-aticn of the report icade ; h Vt&r; ol ttel- jy for Tnrs-!ay next. -? SUPPLY. ! ' rrrrmttlfe rf Fuprlr. 5!e TKKA«UKKR(K--.'n.(T. Manni move-1— ' ?J,r'? lc*8rfs ,dettayicg th«j npecses of thi eatabliEhments and public services for the year endue June 30, 1SSL a sum of £'400, W.0 be granted, provided that oo payments for aiy establishments or services be made in eice-sof the gums voted for similar establishments for the year ending June 30, JS80, except so far as seen votes are modified Ly the 'Civil Service Act, 1S71' '' The Hon. L. GLYOEaastd whether on a po;nt Of order the Treasurer should not have given notice of this motion. The notice en the .Notice-paper said that ' contingent on the report of the Com mittee of Supply teing brought up,' the Treasurer wculd move so-and to. Afttr the report was brought up the Treasurer would be perfectly in order in ukicg for a bupp y BiIL He had no wish to oppose the Supply Bill, but he submitted that notice should bare t een given. The CHAIRMAN saiif that tbe ho.i. membsr would see that the same order was now be;ng par sued as was adopted with the last Supply Bill before the House. * - Tbe resolution was carried, reported, received, and afc.eed to, and the Committee obtained Ieive to tit again immediately after aSup9lyB.il was pested. In Committee of Ways and Means the neces sity resolutions were passed, and the Supply Bill was introduced. The Standing Orders having bctii mspti ded, the Bill was reada first and second t.'n:»-. .: -? : ?? ? - .. , ' It- Corr-mittcc. - --.,?-. ' The preamble was roat coned. Clause 1. ltsae and application of £100,000. ' . 'Jhe Hon. L. GLYDK pointed out that in the th iteenth line there was an error. The clause (rouded for no payments being made in excess of the rates voted for similar establishments in 18S1, whereas it should be 1ES0. \- lhe TKEASUBEK (Hon. a Mann) said the hoD. meuber was quite right, and moved to correct the tnor. ? . 1. The amendment was (anied,and theclauasas smtrded agreed to. ' ? The pteainble was agreed to, and the Bill re ported. ? On the motion that the report be agreed to. ? The JBon. L. GLYDE' pointed ouc that an an endment bad been made :n the Bil1. i The SPEAKER said tbe hon. member was quite right. It was contrary to the . practice of Parlia ment to sgree at occe to a.Biil which had been amended in Committee. Supposing that the other Bouse were sitting to-day the Bill could not go on to that Chamber.- ??' ' - ? '? . The consideration of the report was made an Order of the] Day for Tuesday next. ; OnthemotionthsttteSpeakernowleivethechair. and the Huuse resolve itself into Committee of Eupply. ;? j Mr. BRAY moved— . 'That it be an instruction to the Committee of Supply not to pass any of the increases to salaries recommended by His Excellency the Governor in message No. 1, transmitted to this House on the EOih July, until such message No. 1 be taken into consideration as a whole, and llut the Committee do at once proceed to such consideration with a View to consider tbe desirability of granting such recommended increases.' He said that the object of this motion was to enable the Government to press on their business by avoiding unnecessary waste of time, and to take a decision now on several items of the Estimates at once. La* t year they had been unable to adopt such a course as this because the Govern ment bad not caused the Governor to send down a message. The same feeling had then pervaded the country, as now obtained, viz.. that hon. members must, while tbe finances -of the country are in their present state, do all they could to prevent their having every year a larger debit balance. In introducing his taxation scheme the Treasnrer had told them that New Zealand, Victoria, and New South Wales had taxation, and had asked why we shoull not also have taxation. He would now reply that New South Wales, Victoria, and New Zealand had also adopted retrenchment; why should we not also 'adept it! If they couM not answer that question now, the elecors would answer it for them at the next general election. He took the question of .'retrenchment as one ground why they should take 'all these- increases now into consideration. He had said before, and he said again deliberately, that ?for every one of these officers specified in the mes isage he cnuld point out haif-a-dnzen others ; equally entitled to consideration. The Government : had told the House, in reply to questions, that thty [intended to refer the whole question of the Civil Service Act to a Commission. That showed that [in the opinion of the Government somethiaz ; required to be dene, and tberefoie the Hmse ?flight to leave ma'ters as far as possible a* they no« wf re. He would point out to hon. niemSe s ; I at the Ecale of the retirinc allowance} was calcu 'attd on the sca'e of the otters' pay, and the qies tirn cf retiring allowances was one that had to be dealt with. Hnn. numbers must mike up ther mini's as to whether they could afford to keep up the present syttem of retiring a!b»ances in eve.y branch of the' Service, and they must not forget the fact that if officers got increased pay they would al«o get increased retiring allowances. He asked the Government to consider these increases iu one rrotion, because he did not wish to put any into rbe position cf saving that they wou'd give an increase to one officer and not to another. L«t Tfar the Government had b*'en obliged to abandon tbeir proposed increases*. With the exception of one increase of £5, all those prorosed had been struck out. He had do doubt that the Government now ceuld give good reasons to «how the House that certain tracers should have an in creiw. and therefore he thought the fairest way was to reject all the prowled increases. The bread-and-butter of the officers of the first cla»s did not depend upon this increase, but they were men who, if the House decided it would be better to let the matter stand over until the whole question had been considered, could afford to do so. (The Attorney-General— ' Can we reolace them if they go!') The men were good officers, but theie was no more possibility of their leaving than there was of the Ministry coming d iwn and raying that they would resign unless the Hou3a increased their salaries to £1,200. (Laughter). The Commissioner of Public Works hai toM them that he v-as a loser liv retaining office, and the Ministry simply held othoe with a desire to dogood for the country, thouah they had entirety fii'ed to carry out a policy. The Commissioner s iM it was the dnty of the Government to carry out the policy Of the country, and t*-ey said if they conld (traso it from the minds of others they had a perfect right to hold office, and if the ( Opposition could tell them a better policy so much the better. (Laughter.) They sail] limply, tell us what to do and we will act upon it. He hoped the House would tell them that tbe better way to deal with this matter, if they were going to refer it to a Commission, was to go to the Civil Service Act until they had decided to alter it, but un'il some alteration was made they would not tnaki any increases. He atked hop. members to say distinctly whether they -would or would not grant the whole of the increases. Ha apprehended that tbe Cabinet had considered th»s« additions. ami hrd decided that each of the officr n who were to get tfcem were worthy of such increases, and therefore they ought not to tell the House that thej*had better reasons why one should be increised and not all. - Personally he thocght the Ministry onehrto have dealt with this matter themselves. He believed 'he Hou«e thought they ousht to have done fo, and he knew that the cmutrv did. He Wievf d that none of the nrst-cla«s officers were entitffd to any increase, not because they had somewhat Bmall salaries but because the Civil Service Act fixed their salaries and unt'l the Act had tereived the fullest consideration they ought not to have any increase. Thp House should con rider the office and not tbe nffice.\and shouH not l« terrified by the ghost of the resignation of. these officers' which had fcem raided by the Attomey Genrral. AIMte *as ifkin? the Hou-e to do was to t»y whctrifrtheincTwe«shnuM be mvle as a 'hole or » hetHer they ihr old be crmiiiered s-naly, an.! he'wtmM ncrept the decision: One way or the r.tl-er, hut beilii) not wish to h »ve a Ion 1 discussion '?n carh particular increase; They sho.ul-i not have axTsmb-e »t ei-ch it*n, and hare to: *ay what t !:-?)? were poins' to knock off and what ther were cofrjrJo incre»w.- Br 'tbe Government adopting his rnannrr nf dealing with the question they wcuKl act fairly to the officers, to the House, and to themselves. .,.- ?..'.' .- I . ' ,' - - The TREAJSUKER fHob. O. Mann) utihe »(vul-i oppose the motion, as no doub' the hon. ?member was aware he would -*.o. -Mr. Bray said 'bey would nave » great deal of time if his sugges 'ten was adopted, but he declined to save time at r' e expe nn» of »n injnstice to people who were de ^rvpe-f jirstic. (Hea'. hear.) The' mitter lay m a rtnt«hell, and the hon. member had verv in cmmuslv. mixed ur- other questions with it These increaftfn were not the «nly ones proposed to be ?rparte.^rtt there were other officers whose salaries 'te -not included in the recommendation -rrit which .were also proposed . to be »We.l. !Hon. members . most 'know that the Ciril -Set vice Act provided that , to make an Jifdttion to the salaries of officers of this ? tiara araessage h»d to'be-sent down recommend ing the increase. The TT-.u*e. therefore, would not ?do away with the difficulty if they passed the TrnotioD. »r«d he. bored bon memhera would pause 5bf tore Being led »way by the specions arzamea*« cf the bqn. member. The only fair way with ?which to deal with this iraner was to take each it«m*enanitely. (Hon. L.Glyde— 'No.') At the »risk of ipcutrine the censure of tbehon. memberr, '?be-repeaied that such was the case. E^ch of the propofed increases hail been very carefuly con-i .«i-Iercd. ami he supposed hrm-memrsers lenew that 'lie -was nware 'that the Government would be accused of extra vaga noa. so they had n^t put on one ;mcrfase which thev did. nottliink was perfectly justifiecU : The additions were (riven in seme cases for rewards for long and thoughtful service, and in others for extra work that hart :heen imposed npon the officers, an-i an acfual raving would he ohowa tw- the coutBe which the Government had adopted. The Commissiorer of Public Works could show socceesfuHy- (The Hon.J. Colt«n— 'I shall Bhow to tbe contrary.'*) He was sure the 'hon. member . th«tn;ht he could Fhow to the cftatrary, bnt if he lefttwn to have- a tilt with tbe Oemmisxioner he wonW do a wise thin?. (Laughter.) The Com misrioner of Public Works would be able to show that nkiiongh he propofed to incretse the salaries cf rffioers in his department sn'l a great saving had been gained by the abolition -n the Har bours and Jetties Department. (Bear, hear.) It would be impossible to distinguish -the fifteen mcrearescmlMS ther were taken sepsratei?, and as amattersf simple justice to the o&cere-ie; asked ice House oot to be led away bv the specious arpu cents of the hon. menvber. He would not hava f sked tbe House to mak« these increases uni««s he was sure each case was deFerving. He hopati hon. member* wooH not prejudice one officer by vsting afaicst the wfcele. The Hon. L. GLYDE had rot kno*n, cntll he c*me into the Bouse, that a distinct amendniea*. was to be tabled on this raatter; but he would support it. and be believed if most of trie hon. members would re*iue the petition in which they «ere placed they would vote far it also, or eke they aauld stultify themselves to a very grtat eEtaat. JHxxe were mteen »irjtl*men wtcse 'salaries were i-toto*c« tobr r«-ed. They must all know tho»e jrei«'£tr.tn; be knew them all, and some cf them wccefais rxrsocal fritnd.', and. therefore, he ws- mnahov. members would fymrath;ze with him when tie ss id he would not be brrucht cp straisht ttf»i)et-c«rit at tverv line to s*t whether le wouid vnte Co*it or no^. It m net b:s duty as a member of Psifement in a liberal commwty KWe ruri to be hfccjpt up face to ftce with QnpUitsir.t per sonal matietB of this character, and he re'ustd ;o do it. As fianis the sngees'ion of the Attornev Grneral that some of these et-r.tVmen would ^e^ATTORKeY-GENEKAL (Hon. W. H. £tmdey-saM ihetxm. member wa« mis-epressriiiug ''?v.i. Be saM supdomdz the officers were to resign they conld not wed rcr»Uce them. 7 he H«n. L. GLYDE said he was not raisrepre fentiua the Attorne.v-Get.eral when he said that he; made a sacjrestion that unless the salaries . were itcr;;;e;j ite men wouJd resiiri. Bu5 if officer! were to take that course, which he did not think they would, we could replace them. No man shou J be allowed to consider that he was indtspefsabla but in a colony like ours, and he snid this without any unkind feeling, they could gel «*ea to replace them if they wtre to rts'gn. mrt-. mtmners would see that the only way to escape from the unpleasant position into which they would be placed would be to vote for the amendment. He agreed with the hon. member in bUming the Ministiy for not dealing with this matter of the rtform of the Cifil S-rvice. It wis purely an Executive question, and if the Government thought something should be done they should brin^ down a Bill, or if they thought otherwise they should defy the House, but it wib absolute cowaruicjj— (Oh)— on the part of the lliniatry to say that they proposed to refer the matter to a C-ornmission; But if members agreed to this i creue it would complicate the standpoint of the Coffiiiii'-sion in a very improper manner, and the least thty couM do was to leave tbiuirs as they were, and not make them more difficult by increasing the salaries of these men. He said poiat blaak that it was not the duty of hon. members to consider each increase separately, and he asked the lioa;e to say what they would do. If they Bdid no, it was equivalent to stating tna: they beaeved that every OLe of thete iocreasca stiuuM be made, and they mended to vote for them. (So.) He distinctly rt fused, after making a stand on the broad ptincipl .- of tconcmy, to ccraiuble and di«cusi ea:h singl ir crease. If the Executive said they uader»io--! this matter better than he could, and he ag.eed that they could, he would not take the re-p-: si bility of cuttmg off the £100 or if 0 at any special point. He took his stand on the broad poiot that retrenchment and economy were nece=sory ; niid if the Ministry wete strong enough to siy that that wag not, h? bowed his hea-'l, shrugged his shouldeia, and yiel/ed to their tower. Mr. HARDY said, when, they heard such widely dilftrent views from the financial authorities of the JUousp, huw were other hen. members to decide! He regretted last year the nile adoDted by the House when, with a view to economy, they cut down without rhyme or reason those who did or did not deserve increases. That was his im pression then, and he wculd oppose this motion. because he thought something similar was to be adopted now. It wss the duty cf the Opposition to endeavour to obtain retrenchment and economy in the conduct of the public purse and of Govtrnment too, but it was the special duty and privilege of the Opposition to say where such economy might be effected. He ventured t ? say that neither toe ( »overnment nor the Opposition were taking the right course to (fleet economy and retrenchment in the Civil Service. From information he had been able to get on the subject he believed that no Government as at 1 resent arranged could eii'sctuilly carry out economy in tbe public service-tHear, heart simply for the reason that there was no member in the House who had been in office who did not know that every branch of the Civil Service could be more effectually managed if he dared to raise the hornet's cest acd discharge the mifficient officers, but that could not be done without the full support cf the House. He did not thiak any Government who had been in ( ffije could do this, tut it could only be accomplished by a Ministry that had never before held uffi.-e, and they would be turned cu' a week after the reform was made. They might probably be turned out— not on that . question, but other things would be raised, and they would be used as a mask to make them go. He did not believe they could effect any re trenchment so long as the matter was made a party question, but only when both sides of the House united could it be accomplished. He did not believe the proposition would have the effect it was thought. On remembering that la-t year the increases were struck off so as to do injustice to certain officers, and believing that this motion wou:d have the same effect, he was bound to vote against it. j The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. W. H. Bucdej) »aid he did not wish a misapprehension to go abroad about what he had inte jected in Mr. Bray's speech, that if tbe officers were to resign it would be hard to r place them, and about which the Hon. Mr. Glyde nad misinterpreted him. He did cot mean to use that as a threat that would h- ve any influence on the Hou.se. because he was suie if it s as used in ilat sense an opposite effect would be produced ; but what he meant to eay was that supptsirg a good (fficier— take the Hydraulic Engineer, whose salary it was proposed thould be ^increased— wss to receive an offer from the other colonies acd |eri litie, it would be verv difficult to [replace hitii. He admitted that it sould not be -? IHluU to fil' ni- t'-c position of detKtt, bat 1; was iexirtmely -? thou't to oUtain tbe cervices of ^»o-l 'ek lied men. tie cetbinly did not vj»h h.i r^ 'iiiuiks to be co.iktrued that these me;i wauM ! ? ive i lhty did notgetau in rea-e. Tt-e ho-, meiniitr tor Victoria was not Quite so logic .1 as U3iul tha*. sfernocn, but had burked ttie whole q les'.ion. 1 He raid he was aware that the Government mus Know more about the justice of these claims than lion, numbers. Then, if that was the case the^e ? gentlemen wtre individually entitled to the con ; sideratiou of the Hou^e. Assuming that any hon. ! numbers were concerned in a joint undertaking, ; and they put ex'.raresponsitiiliiy upun their officials. ' would t ey m t give additional salaries-? Then, in * tte Ban e rr aimer, if the Hou*e fuund that addi tio al work was thrown upon certain public ser ; rants, surely they would not refuse to grant them ' aii'lilioral remuneration. : Mr. CAVENAGH Baid that if he thought a I Ministry compoBed of entirely new men wou'd ; refi nn the Civil Service, and reduce the extrava gant expenditure in governing the Colony, he would vote for that new Ministry to-morrow. He voted for the motion because he w;:s in favour of the Ci\i' Strvice of South Australia as a whole, and not in favour of only a few officers. We must uot shut our eya to the fact that the oiher colonies were not increasing the salaries of thtir officials, but were going in for retrenchment, and he said that if the House was full t--njorro-r and any member moved for an amount to te struck otT the Government would have to light for it. If the colony -was flourishing he would not object to increasing the salaries if they were deserving; but when we were coing to have taxation it was not fair to do so It had been Mated that sense of the officers might leave. Sup posing they did, or tbe one tha: bad been men tioned went away, were there not as good as ; him where he came fromt Beeardiu^ extra work, had not some of these men had extra work before, and if it was proved that they had had work Uken from them, what then? He did not think any of our tinkers were so tremendbusly overwotked that ther should get extra salaries on account of :t. He believed it was an entirely false principle to increase diaries evety year: when they passed the Civil Sa.vice Act he though: theie was finality in iu 'ihere must be some limit to the matter, and therefore he would vote for the motion, but if it were defeated he would let the matter go. He wou'd not vote azainst the increases man for man. for having tjersonal friends amoofot these Uoverniueac officers hon. members would be placed in a false position in doing fo. Mr. J. KOUNSEVELL hoped the Government would not make this a party question, because if .so many of their supporters would vote against it «ho otherwise would go for it. Tin question should be discussed on its merits. The Attorney General had asked how could they teplace these officers If they went away ; but he was ymte sure iiot one of these sixteen centJenu'u would go away if the increases were not gr-uited, or even if their present salaries were reduced. We already paid mails of departments at a higher rate ? iun they did in the cthtr colonies. (No.) Take, for instance, the Engineer-in-Chief. a most admiraMe officer, lie got a higflei salaiy titan the Cuief Engineers of the other colonies. (The Cummi^ioQcr of Public Works— 'It is i.l,S0O in Sydney.') liven in pro posing tl.ese increase tlie G ivernnieni had not ..it.u airiy »i Is the tualtrr iu proposing t.- give . ne n . ft £20) -i d another £?5, which wa* cuii'U i hii r 1 pen those for whom me lover increase wjls ? r toted. The fact was, tie u, estioa of lhe Civil Service n ust be grappled with by the Uuver^'msot «s a «h- Ic, for the time would soon come wn*-n the Act would break down by its own weight. If they iir oMi d this increase of £l.?7ti it would not bj-li. \- r there would most likely be 3 pro rata inere&k; ail ihioufh the Service. It hadlbeensuHl thatt'i: House should cot do a? act of injustice, but he was quite certain that they would do' no act of u.juf lice by allowing these uftkera to c )ntin ie at 11 eir pieeent salanea. The quentiun-of rcdaciug i! e expi Lditure and im|ircv'.i--K the icanspeai-rit rf'trred lo by AJr. Har-fy rr.nvel wo.thy cij rideratii n. He believed th^t the Gbvern'ucnt woula have put their f oot ?Sown and caused consider able improvement had it not Iwen fur the bugbear ol the neit elections. Of course the Civil ser»M;.-ts had voles, but there would be an opportunity of inserting in the hlector^i Bill before tne Hjuse- a clause prov; J,dp that their vo:cs should not affect the electioEs. He did not tee any more reason why a Civil servant should ^e in a position to vote money into hU own poctei than a member of Parliamen', and the Governciiet t -nd hon. members et.outd be entirely frte from iKe lutiaence of Ui; Ciril setvantg in any 'shape or form. They;li3(l heard that Mr. Streugways had been tent foe,, an 1 te bored it was true, for it would be one of the best days for South Australia if be would come back and grapple with thin question of re- renchment. . ilr. W. B.rKODJ-SBVELL*aid»hen they irere tola year by year that the Civil Service Art was Ireakiug down by its own weight, and yet year by .year they saw the .Estimates iocrewicg. he thought it was .time, if the Government, .did not take the matter in hand, and the Opposition were toa weak 1\. 1 do jo, for t he independent ruemoerelo see if some ihing.ccttld not I e floce. They might bs told that ; this was a tnoribuna Parliament. Uu as he thought ' this Parliament sad done very tittle goad for the .country there might be an opportunity ', even at tbe eleventh hour for them to retrieve their' .lost character by doing something which would be: for the future welfare of the country. Once before be. with four or five other members, took an active «u»t in fighting through the Estimates line by iine, and after some three or fuur week*** very anpleaunt and .very unsatisfactory labour he came to tbe .resolve that never acain would be attempt arwtbing like that guerilla, warfare, whkb. eoded in deleatto themselves, and a great deal of personal ar£t-yacce aod opprobrium being heaped upon them though hon. members were thoroughly hi ticst and conscientiuua in the action t&ey; took. (Hear, litar.) That was how l.-e felt with re*r.ird to this itaatter to-day. He believed we had as efficient C.vil sctTanls, generally gpeakinv;, as could possibly btROt,Lut that was notthe.questionthey hadtocon sider. As put bythehon.rxemberforEastAdeiatde, they had vo consider the o£ice, and not the officer. he had determined withre^ani to these Biste^a lr.es rot to tat e special or individual action, but he intended supporting the conungezit moxioa, tecauEe he believed it waa the n^ht and proper th:ng to d-3. tHear. hear.) He regretted this, as he had been a «oasistent supporter of the Govern ment since Uiey had been ie office, but he believed, although it mi^ht tamper them to some extent, it woakf be for the future welfare of the country, as a s'jip towards that retrecchmen; for which thty b»d iten erring for years. The COMMISSION KK cf CKOWN LANDS CHon. T. Piavfcrd) e*id it appeared to him thai either the moticn sent too (nr or roc its enough. Ittipeied out certain officers in the Goccrr.ment sejvice in the first q\\+£6 enly: noihin? waa said of theottcers in the lower classes or the proruionary efficen-. whose Ealarks were trcreaied qq the priecLA £tt:a)ates. (Mr. Bray — ' Ti;e Civil Service Act iroiiCe* for them.') A number we*e noc pro vi-i£d for ixi the Act. (Mr. Br.-.y— ' ihen they ou^ht to have leen ;cciuded in the message.') It was on)y tie iirst-clasa officers, he understood, who »tre deait wish under t-e Act. (Mr. Fray ard H'--n. J. Cclton— ' Vou are wron/.') He would take t case in his own office. He had only oneomctruownon tbe Us', the D*pu:ySar vtycr-General, but he had two officers at present :n the centre of the continent engaged in trigor.o raettical suiveying. He promised them when they »ent there that they shcuid get an increase of afcoai £100 a rear to their salanes t-ecausa of tte peculiarly aidaooi n&tsie; of the work, and because one or t»o officers who had been sent out befu e came down broken in health in consequence of the hardships they had undergone. Wss the House going to cut those increases offf If they did he had only one cf two courees to pursue— to pay their salaries out of his own pocket or retire from his position. The SPEAKER Eaid if these officers were not included in tne Governor's message the hou. member vrn not in order in referring to them. lhe COMailSSIU-Etl of UKUWN LAN'DS (Hon. T. Pbjforil) would bow to the rulic« of the Speaker, but he bad only been arguing 3 principle. They hud teard it said offcn in that debate trial they must consider the office and not the officer, but he did nU at all agree with it. Take Mr. Gojder, for instance. Another man in tbe posi:ion of Survejor-General might not be worth more thin JLHO, but they paid Mr. Uojder £1,290 because of bis energy, experience, and being specially fitted for lhe position, aud no maa would 3jy he was not worth an increase of salary. It waa therefore un fair to lay down any hatd-and-fast rule that the officer waa not to be considered, but only the office. He trusted the He use would consider each rise on its merits, ana not deal with them in a lump, for, as the Hon. Mr. Gijde bad said, as the Ministry bad extra tnowletine oi the .equircuienu of the Service, the House mi^ht be doing an ii justice to t| ecial efficsrs bv dealing with ihem as a whole. The lion. J.'COLTtiN could f^n-.-y the hoa. member for Allert iormmg a Ministry entirely of ttw blood, and foiisc in for lefuriaica 'he Civil Strvice ana reducing talanes, The hon. ineuiber sa d tbe present Govtn meal coulii no', do ir, aud thjt lo old Ministers of the Crown cou:d do i', hut that aMitistry composed entirely of new bluod nr«bt suar ed. He would pi iat out that a Ministry com p- ttd of such material would te entirely at the mtity of the C:vii be v:c?- (Hear, hear) -and it wotld be impossible for them to etfect the change the Lcn member suirgeskcL U-: U:d uot know hotf any number, injast:C* to Lisconsstitueuts, ia view of the retrenchment which was so nsce^ary, could rote against the amendment He entirely agreed with Mr. W. 1*. Kounseveli rbas if the amendment were lost he was not going to be a party to discuss the merits or dements of tlieBe sixteen selected individuals, and he would point out that the Government had the power under the Civil Service Act to have added fifty or oce hundred if they thought proper to this list Host of thes: gentle n en he knew well, and he did not think it would be fair for him to be asked tb discus them line by line. The Commissioner of Public \V.;rks had said the other day that the Engioeer-iu-Cuiet hal had very much larger duties impose! upon him now than he had some little time back, in consequence of his taking charge of the jetties. Now, what weie the facts? Wfcen he (Mr. Cotton) we^it into office in 1ST6 the .ingineer-in-Chief was iriffic Manager ot Kailwai s, tngineer of Harbours and Jetties, and Engineer of V\ aterworks, and he wvi ho thoroughly satitfkd that he was overworked that he took the Traffic Managership, Waterworks, aid Harbours and Jetties from him. tiecause he considered he had sufficient to do with regard to the construction of railways. The Esgineerin Lhief bad n. t half the responsibility now that he bed in 157b*. He would poiut that out to the Com missioner of Public Works aod ask him to answer it, because he must tave overlooked the fact, or be would not have made the statement he did. (The Commissioner of Public Works— 'No.') The Engineer-in-Chief, he knew, had more tail ray line to overlook than be bad in 1*76; but he had then much more responsibility. He thought with regard to the Civil si rvice Act that the Govern ment should have dealt with it before, and not ltftit to a Commission. He considerel that the Civil Service was very much over minned. He did did not blame the G iverumeat for the action taken with respect to the tfarbours and Jetties Ltepartment, but did not care to see the saving that had been effected to some extent done away with by augmenting the salaries of well-paid Civil f eivants— s xteen individuals whose salaries ranged from £550 to £1,2(0 a year. As the whole question of the Civil Se:vic« would have to be considered this was a very improper tune to augment a few of the salaries. Mr. DAhLIKG had no intention to act as he had dune last year, when be felt bound to assist ia retrenchment, bnt he had found that members who hud gone in generally for retrenchment had voted against it when particular cases were uuder consideration. He would therefore not be a party to any such action ia tbe future. He intended to vote against tbe amends. ent of Mr. Bray, as Itut session he thought they bad, after all, done ve.y lutle good and a «:eat dea of injustice, (hear, luur) Be hardly thought that Mr. Bray would carry out to the full extctit »hi£ te proposed, namely, that the iiuts'iC'n fhcniid I'e a tt8t qnestioru He di-l not surely pretend that all t'ie increa=e3 proposed siiould be Uken because thu motion was li*t. Weietliey to take tbe office or the officer; f r he &as; tl-at there was lo be an increase of 8i'a:y rf £1U) a jear to the Under-Treasurer? 'Jhat tfficer he kntw had been changed, and was the rew efficer to have au increase of salary? (N--.) He saw th.at an increase of salary wa3 to l)e given in the case of the Chairman of the Destitute Eo&nK; which would be a new appointee, t. He trusttd that care would be taken to appoii t a gnod man fir the position, but he was at a loss to know why the new man should hate £50 a year more than had been paid to tlie last one. Be did not care to ete salaries re luced, but would at the same time like to see the use leas men in tfce Government service dispeusaJ with. Xhiy were ustl ss public pest*, an.l nut useless public teivants. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOi'.KS (lion. G. C. Hawker) ht-ped ihit the House woul-l not aptee to the motion rf Mr. Bray, aDt would first address himself to the remarks of the Hou. J. C'olton. who had (aid that the responsibilities of the Ei gineer-;,n-CHef were far greater at the time he left cflice than now. (lhe Hon. J. Colton— 'When 1 took office.') I'hat made hia case all the Etronper, for it was five years ago instead of three. Compared with the responsibilities of the Ktpineer-in-C'hiet at that time, these be now had were ten times as great. (The Hon. J. Colton— '-ot one half.'') 1-e hoped the hoa. member would allow him to put hia own case, as he saw this through his own ejes. and not through the hon. member's optics, in the matter cf railways at that time all that were opened were from Adelaide to the Burra, from noteworthy to Kaounda, the Port Kailway, and the Kanacoorte Kailway. In the course of construction there was 3 small line on the Penin sula. .N ow there was finished or in course of con struction over 900 niiles of railway. Ia water works when the hon. member took office they had the city waterworks, which sup plied the city acd oniy a few of the suburbs, and besides only a Email scheme at Port Augusta. Now they all knew how that had ei ttndtd. The traffic on the railway was only over nl-rut 2X) miles, and now it was over 500 miles. When the hon. member taiked about respontibility, fuitly the retponeibiiity which he had in connec tion with all the lines completed, even though he bsd able officers under him, was surely muci greater than it was fcur and a half years ago. (The Hon. J. Colton— 'Ho.') His experience in the department for the last three years showed him tl at the work had increased enormously, and he was ture if the hop. member went there he would be astoowhed to »c-e how much work in the efface had increase-'. The responsibility had been iu.mense be'ore the duties of the Engineer of Harbouisaud Jetties had bt en put on his shoulders, but now they were much greater. He regretted to s»y that when he took the work in hand the busi 1 cfs cf tbe department wss ia a complete Btate f'f muddle, and in the matter of tbe Wallaroo Jetty the rearrangement required clear-headed ability. If even for what he had doue in lhat work aloce. he thought the increase of salary would be well earned. Ihere was, he now found, a mis undcrttandirg abcut the breakwater at Port Victor whnh wouM have to be settif-d. as it bad been fcund that tbe woik was not being carried out as it should be ; but from wha' he knew of the Cf.ctrartor he had r 0 doubt he would come to tn amicable settlement, go mu:h for tbe ca^e of tie Ergrnier-ir.-Chief: and let them look at the other casts. They hail had an estimate of a jetty at Po:t Gernitin, £30,000, and the Assistant Krcinecr i.ed core up to examine into the case and rtci mmended tlie erection of an admirable Mrcctore at about half the money. Fer many w-ekB fast , lie extra work had not been daywoik r.lone, but tl e ( fficer had been up half the night to get the business put into proper order. ){y tiltgiam thty had found that the Kplenditi new jrtly at K ccston had been injured ly a barge coining against it and knocking down 3fio feet, and firm trie report he had had it was btleved that the piles bad never been screwed down in:o the rock ittelf, but only as far ss the roik, and that thty were not broker. If that w.-is so, as he hoved was tl e case, the piles ccuM be broucht into their proper position arid .'enetheaed »cd tcrfwed down so 2s to make a ?firm jetty. He thought thrse facts showed that the office was not to be considered, bu; the officer. If the lafe -4igii.eer of Harbours ard Jetties had continued in the office, as he did not seem to have bad sufficient eipt riersce in the work he would not have proposed an increase, hut wh-n they dealt with an officer who thon ughly understood his work fhfy had to cormider him and not the office. It had been laid that the salary was a very hich one for the Engineer-in-Chief. In New South Wales that officer had iLSOO a year, and in Victoria £1, SCO a 1 ear, with fcur 01 five officers under him to do the work done ly -'r. Mais and Patterson. There was not a sincie effictr he proposed to give an increace in the first or any other class who had rot had a great deal of estra work thrown upon him by the changes made. If he had come down to the House ard eaid that in reducing the Estimates he would transfer the ifScers over to hia own department no hon. merxiber could have objected, but m locking into the matter he had found that the department vta? very rnuuh over-ofSctred, and that b* coi'ld ffonoraize by retrenchment amongst the efficets. Under votes for 1^79 bO £1,9 42 waJpm po»ed. and that he had reduced to £? W. makicg a Favinjrof £1.SS. Under loans the amount pro rosed for ISrwaO wss £2. 33t and he proposed to have the work done for £7+1. So that the tcta! saving would te £2,S47— £1 594 on loans and £l.SS2 on votes. He had got rid of ail the officers cf the department, and hal only tiken over two Clerks of Worts and the Wallaroo Jetty and Fort Victor Breakwater, the service of the Eesident Eneineer at Kinz ston terminating at tke completion of the jetty. When the House entrusttd him with the control of an important department, and he had dispensed with the Eeryices cf a number of officers acd placed the duties in tbe hands of a few, it was uncalled for that he should be blamed for proposing these increase*, and that he shonld be expected to say to the men who had had extra work pat upon them. ' You nHistmake bricks without straw.'' as was sai'i to the Jsfaeiaelites of oid. (Laughter.) It «as not at ail cocsistt-nt In the case of Mr. Bray himself he had fccec fsceedirjgly struck with a xemtrk. he had rr-a'Je in roaring the feoend reading of the Local ( ourts Bill. (Mr. Btay— 'A former debate.' I authter.) He would suppose that the hoc. netrier rn a f, :mtr occasion, epeaking of tfce «oikirg cf a certain Bill, had said that there would i-e rery li::Je admticsal expense, ss ir would cr.iy be in the thap; of additional re n urerst-.ori to thi-se who acted unr'er ii Tue iiczge wc-c!d ur.demaDd the meaning of the ailutun. 7he qufftifD of retrenchment wasa very 0 tiult ore to deal with. He kcew that some ntn wore paid huh Baiarits for doing what a jctrj: - fEcer coc!d do much hetter for half the n orey ; 1-ut :be Gcvtrrmtnt alwajshid a ri;inculty at cut sttempticc to retrench old rfScers, for they *(re -ure to le met by two or three members of 1': riifnstrt sfkicir vbv th?.t escelient cfiictr was to 1-= ric re »itbMjt. If lie matter could be deait with ??ithcut frircrfarour it would be much better he was sere for the Fervice, for c^ie good man w«5 wenh half a dozen others, acd when they cot a good rrantbeyhadaripht to pay him well. When their refpcr^itiiity increased asd thtir labour increased t*'-ey should increase the salaries of the offkers witnout beina asked for it, as waa done in private business, fie could say himsslf that hiving country far removed from his own eye he found the great value of having a m «n in the manage ment who was a thorough-'}' responsible man. lie knew manager? of stations at tne pre-ieat uiometu getting their £S00 and £'1,000 a year, with house to live in for thenseelvcs and families, and all but their ciottus found. Let them ci'tnpsre such salaries with those of these officers, lhe late Mr. H ;,-nb=-tham. when in th:s colony, had stated his opmi n t!ut without excep tion the officers ia the I'uhJio \Tork« Department were the finest set of orEcers in the Australian Cvjonie?. One of the otlicers wh?m he propoted to increa-e was the Hydraulic i£ngioe*r, ani would any one gar that th.ej could eet a be:ter ttticer, or that Mr. firu'vp, if he went home to England, cculd not set into a b:tter position, or lhat they wculd not be glad to have him in the other culouies, only thit he couhidered himself in houour liound to the colony? He Lad been engaged by tbe Agent-General for hydraulic we rks alone, and ueed not have under taken any other works, but he had cheerfully accepted the supervision of the Adelaide Drainage \Vorke, for which an -. tiKer would not have been st cured under £500 or £Sju a }ear. And he had ntver said a word aiwut an increase ti I nosr, when he raid he thought tie should bo placed in a similar position in saUry as the tngineer of Harbouw and Jt-tt ej was. I'o say lhat they were to consider the otfize and net the officer-he had never heard su^a a ntiiculous proposition. The men of talent were ;he men to be encouraged, for it was a clear head t hi. t was needed for the management of a deyitt n ent ai.d the saving of us expense, 'f ne hi gincer-in-Lhief had much more- responsibility tlmn he bad four years ago, even including the cocs: ruction of railways — very much more than anv one .Engineer could attend ta be thought that the maaasemtnt of a departtneui w s like the management of a Company, aud that be as the head of a department should be trusted to recommend whatever increases he thought were desirable. If they had trusted him aa they had done to manage his department— if they wete per fectly satisfied with the reductions he had made, some of them tecs of thousands of pounds— if they weie satisfied that he bad steadily increased the 1 eytnue and reduced the expenditure, surely they n-i#ht trust him when he said that he thought it suvi&dbie; to increase salines by atuut £'1,000. He trusted that the liouse \vj-Ai Like each case on Us merits, because to say lhat they would either reject or accept the whole of tht&e; increases was not f cllc wins tbe practice of the House of Common* where sometimes line after line of the .Estimates was disputed. (An hon. member— '.Not salaries.') He truEUd that the HouBe would not carry the amendment, but take the increases proponed seriatim. If the Government could justify any increases let the House pass them ; if not let them ttrike them iff. Mr. KHICBATJFF said that if the Commissioner cf Public Works bad been able to show that they had a surplus revenue like some private Companies be would see the lorce of bis remarks, but un fortunately the contrary was the case. Tbe Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works had found fault with Mr. Bray's jtatemei.t that they ought to consider the office and not the officer. If they were always to consider the officer ne was afraid they would never get any settled salaries on the Estimates. He thought that it would be far bitter to give a benus to any officer who wotk?d over hours than to inci ease his salary. He could not go with the boo. member for Victoria ia sayiatf that it. wafjnet tneir business to lake the Estimates seriatim line by line, but at the same time he thought that it was the business of the Ministry to lay before the House the Estimates in such a form that there sboui-J not be much to be dweusaed. If they gave increased responsibility to certain officers, be thought that they should aUo see that those officers had sufficient time to perform their duties. It was far better, in his opinion, to have a sufficient number of public officers who worked- regular Lours than to have too few officers and have these overworked and by and-by to have them asking for sis or twelve months' leave of absence. He must certainly vote with the member for East Adelaide. He would not like to tay that any of these officers did not deserve an increase of salary if the times were better, but at the present time they cau d not atlord to give it them. Therercre he was rather prepared to say that they should not increase any any of them than to go over the Estimates line by 'Wr. WEST-ERSKINE said that the Civil Strvice Bill passed a few 2 ears ngo was passe.l for the express purpose of pievcntiug unpleasant dis : cussions— unpieatant to in- tubers themselves, and unpleasant to the Civil servants and their friends whose names were brought before the House. In i-74, on introducing the second reading of the Civil Service Bill, Mr. B'yth, then Chief Secretary, f aid : — ' Of court e th* se sums migbt be increased or decreased by the Govern -r sending a message to the House. Cases wouU not ba treated indi \ ideally, as at present, however ; but if it was neces sary to make a reduction all would be reduced ; »LiIe, if it was necessary to make an in uiste, which would be more satisfactory, : II would be shoved up a little.' It said that 'all' would be 'shoved up a little.' litre only the topEawjers would have to be shoved up a little. It was fcll very well for the Government to say tbat they were only keeping cats to catch mice. They knew very well that the (Jovernrnent had borrowed more money than they knew wliatto do with. (Laughter.) lhe Government haa told them so themselves; lhe Government had told the c-UMry that because seme Eastern complications might arise they had borrowed sornethirg like an-2 million snd a half of money more than they could possibly spend during the year. He did not want 10 impute motives, but the only reason that seemed to him to actuate the Government was tbat they did cot wish to have to go 1 1 tbe country and Bay, whiktai king for taxation, that they hail a million and a half of money lying at IJ per cent, in LitUcn while at the same time they were paying 4J interest on it themselves. It appeared to him tlut when the Government popo&ed; to spend £47,00U on bridges, a few hundied yards of oti-er bridges, this was the explana'ion of their conduct lhe SPEAKER Baid that the question before tl e Chair was simply that of the redaction or in ciease of officers' salaries. Mr. WKsT-tKSKINE thought that this was a question of salary. The Hon. the Commissioner had je/ened to railways, jeltiep, he, in the course of his speech. The t-PEAKER-That had been only to show tbat the officers whose salaries it was prop iseil to inctcaje cow d:u more woik than they had doue formerly. Mr. WfST-EESKrNE did not wish to be out of oriier. Hon. members could form their own i'lea ; s to the motives of the Government in telling the country that taxa'ion was absolutely required, end at tbe same time having a million aad a half ot money lying idle in London. The Hon. the CoDjimstioner had evidently misunderstood the leniarks of the hon. member for Gumeracha in respect of the officers of the Civil Per vice in the other colonies. Tlie hon member had ttricily limited his observations to tlScers fii'irc similar positior.R. In comparing himself to the manager of a Company the Hon. the Corami' tioner must remember that the shareholders cf such a Ccmpany might be compared to the tax payers of the colo- y, wh'ise representatives hon. rremlrers were, and if they honestly discliarKe-l their duty thty would fresly assert their opinions en the Euljcct, The Hon. the Commiasioner seemed to thick that it was a sort of insult to him to suggest that tbe increases he recommends to the salaries of any officers in his department should not be given. He assured the Hon. the Cornmig Bioner that rjothicp was further from the wish of any hon. me ruler to whom he had spoken 0:1 the M-bject. They wished to aSirm a Drincip'v, aad the affiimation cf this principle woiiH al-o !.e an a- siFtarce to the C' tnmiBsioner on tne Civil Str.ice «hiih the Government proposed to ap,-oiu:. The motion wculd a'so do aw*y w:th »crre two or three weeks' uiiprofi'.abte and useless discussion in Committee. Som: lor. members had referred to what had been done list jear, acd had Eaid that they would not dnihetame sgain Be wss game to undergo the same tr- ?able again. It had certainly been very ttdiouF, buttbey had knocked off £6 ,000. for which the country was co worse. He did uot think if this iTP.OOe had been passed that they woul J have had ere extra work to show for it As to the extia enount of work in connection withth^ railways. 1 e thought that the greatest amount of work waa when these hnes were being surveyed— when Mr. Colton and he were in office. He was against the rverloaiimg of men with work, and thought that it Fas folly to give one man one-third or one-half of thesakrieo of others became be undertook to do tie work which properly belonged to half a doz^n men. Be thought that the Commissioner had hetn tardly fair to the late Engineer of Haihours and Jetti?*, Imt 'any stict would do to beat a dog.' Just because a tele rram was received that a jetty had gone »rr-rp, the Enginecr- in-Chief jumped to the con clusion that it was owing to the faulty way in which the jetty had been constructed. The pro r-if e-i increase of Varies would very conBi'lerablv uthct lhe retir m allowances of these officer*. He wcvM ask the Government, until the Commifsion en lhe Civil Service had reDnrtci', not to t-re-s on these increaies. He believed that the country at large would, if it had the power of ot.jectinc, with cr-€ voice say, '-'o; when we are told that we are to have tr-satirn we will not see the sa'arits of all the he ::d- of tbe Government service raised.' Mr FUBNEK would not be able to support the nation of the hon. member for East Adelaide (Mr. fvaj ). He did not intend to vote in favour of this list of increase!1, but he felt that he should like to hear the reason why these increases were recommended. If only one deserving case were ftiuck f fi'by this motion, he felt that it wouH be an injustice, and for that reason he would vote sta?nst it. He entirely .ijrreed with the remarks ?of the hen. memlier for Yatala (Mr. Darling) in respect of the Civil Service Act. He really thought that they wanted a B!ack Wednesday on a small «a!e. He thought tfcat they wanted to weed out a good many of the Civil servants, who, as the bon. member had said, were Ciril pests rather than Civil servants. Personally he would be very clad to see some attempt made to repeal the Civil Service Act, although be did not think that that should be done until some other provision were made to rebuild the Civil Service. A3 to these increases, there was no doubt that some of them were deserved. Take the Engineer in -Chiefs department. Only recently the work of the late Harbours and Jetties Department had been transferred to the shoulders of the Enriceer- in-Chief and bis subordinates. The Barbocra and Jetties Department had cost something like £5 0Oi a year, and surely they could not expect to strike off that amount altogether. He would wait until he heard the reasons way the Government had recommeded these increases, and should vote for each item on its merits. Mr. FAFSUNS thought that it would be very pltaeact to vote the whole of the increases, tat felt tfcat he had no alternative but to support the hoc. c caber for E&st; Adelaide in thin matter, for this cm pie reason: He felt tbat at the present time, in tie corditicn 0/ the firances of the country, it was rot a question of what might be tbe deserts of the tarticuiar officers mentioned in this list, nor waa it a question of *hat they would like to do for these c&ceTf;, lui it was & question ol what they cou.\& sff. rd to do. After hav.ng been to:d by the Treajcrer that the important thicg for the con stituencies to cocs-der at the next general election wrnJd be a icneme of taxation, he ftls that they -were bound to set their rwn 1 oute in order ard to study economy. W hi n her. members looked through the list they w- u!d fee that whi'e there were ooe or two salaries tbat were comparatively small, the lowest ones teirg £125, £O'i, and two £450 each, the remainder rscped from £500 up to £1,£09 s year. -*o man when his businegj did not pay him would thick cf making advance of salaries to his em ployes. It w»s fust the same here, for although these gentlemen might be worth and probably were deserving of an increase, still the finances of the c. locy were in such a state tbat we could not afford to give ii to tbe m. so that ended tbe matter, lie tt.'refore supported the hon. member, and when it went to the vote he would go against the whole of the increases. There was a great advantaga in ceuhni; with the increases as a whole, for t!;e reason tha: going through the Estimates was always a long and somewhat disjointed work. Hen. members could not sit in the House during the whole time the items were under consideration, and when they were out of the House tbese vtry increases might be parsed. On the other hand, if they took tt eai together they would know what to do with them, and the House would hare the whole subject before it. Tbe Commi-sioner of Public Works bi-d singled out one efficer, and he agreed that that gentleman waa a very able and laborious tngineer. It was proposed to give him an increase of £100. He would point out to the Home that the Inspector- General of Public Works «nl Chief Engineer of Victoria, who had the control of the Waterworks, received £900 a year, and hsvinjr glanced thiough the estimates of expenditure in the neighbouring colony ol Victoria he thought our salaries ? ere pitched very h'gh. The counuy looked to the House to reduce the expenditure. a.nd to see that the) c u-'d not tarry cm the busines* of the colony at a le«s expense. He was surprised at the statements of some of the Ministry as to there beirg no perfect means of dealing with the Civil' Son ice, and getting rid of useless men. The Hoose should not admit such a statement as that. The Ministiy were m office for the purpose of seeing that the departments were conducted aa economi cally as pofsitle, and if useless officials weie in the Service then ther ought to discharge them, and the House would support them in their action. Several ben. gentlemen had spoken about it not being right to tave to discuss the merits of friendi of theirs who held high official positions, but friendship was not a proper thing to consider, infcomuth as when considering the increase cf any officer all feelings of friendship should be laid aside. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that the claw of men selected for these increases were those who could best afford to wait, aad thus followtdout the Scriptural quotation. 'Unto him that bath shall be given, and he shall have more abundance.' Mr. MOODY said, when the C;vil Service Act was passed it was fuliy intended that the increases fchoutd be considered as a whole. He was an inde pendent member, and in voting with, this motion he thought he would be acting fairly and doing hi* duty to the country. The proposed increases were for officers whose salaries ranged from £425 to £1,200, ani he thought men receiving such salaries could, in the present state of the finances of the colony, afford to wait. The Civil Service seemed to defy the whole Parlia ment, and he could not understand how such should be tbe case, lbere apoeated to be quite a con sternation when the subject of reform was men tioned, and Mr. Hardy stated that a Ministry who had been in office before could not accomplish the leform. He could not comprehend why this should be so, and it was quite time that some reform should be made. There was great point io the remarks of the hon. member for Encounter Bay (Mr. West- Ertkine) that they had a million and a half in tbe Banks at borne borrowed for public works, and yet that nsoney was to be used in carry ing on the government of the country. It had been held out as a threat tbat some of the officers would resign unless the increase was Fronted. It was his firm belief that some of our officials had been overrated, and he believed that if matters were looked into these men would be foond to be not a bit better than they ought to be. They should consider tbe office and not the ('fficer. He had a dnty to perform, and therefore he would vote with the hon. member for East Adelaide. Mr. COOK E* aid two method* of retrenchment had been shadowed forth that afternoon. One was given bntflv by the Commissioner of - Public Works, viz , by redividing tbe work and by reward ing those who were efficient. He wished the Com missioner would carry that principle out a little more than he had done; and he bad no doubt further alteration could be made, and those who deserved rewards could have them given to them. The other method was to put the whole of these increases in a lump, and say either that they would or would not give them. If the saving was to be done by striking out the whole of tha rewards for extra service it seemed to him that they would be adopting a false system of economy. It was absurd tbat they should be afraid to look this question in the face, acd be did not tee any particular bravery in sweep-ng the increases away at one fell swoop. If there weie strong reasons why some of them should be granted then they ought to be given. Last year he opposed all the increases for tna' year, but it was then u rulers tool with regard to many of them that it was simply keeping the increase in advance, eo they ought not to be agun kept back this year. Hon. members Iot consistency' sake ought to vote for them The c'a'ins were again brought forward, and it would be tnsmfestly unfair to serve them in the same r ant er ,is last year, alter hoc mcmiiers had led the i Hirers to exrxct quite a different coarse of treatment. As the increases had been alrao t promised carh Cise should be. conudered on its merit*-. If lhe thing was to be considered in one lurnp great injustice would be dune, as was sbtwn in the case of one particular officer, wli - had had to take charge of a new office constituted last jear by Act of Parliament The pay for lioing the extra work was here put dowa as an increase, and if the whole of the inc.eases were rejected hon. members would be debarred from disccssing whether lhe addition should be given. Looking at the matter from both siiea, he thought that the plan sketched out by the Commissioner waa the true method of economy. There were many useless officers in the Service, but he be lieved that the most efficient were those who received the highest salaries, while many of the lower-paid men were Dot worth the small salary that »as given them. These were the men that should be dismissed, although there was always a difficulty in getting rid of such a class, as. they hung on when a good man could be shamed out of - ffice. Mr. COGL1N pointed out that if the amend ment was carried it would preclude hon. members from speaking on a future day if they wished to do bo. It had always l-cen hia rule to give good men good salaries, and they should do the same in the Service. They had increased the falary of the Surveyor-General, because they knew it would be almost impossible to get a man to fill bis place. Some of the increases proposed here should be made, because the officers had extra duties to perform; but there were others who ought rot to have a penny. The total amount of these increases was £1,250, and if they got an inefficient office- »t a low silary who had to over look public works a Iofs would be suffered which would le far greater than this sum. He was ovposed to a cheeseparing policy, and tie did not believe his constituents would be in favour of it, although we mi^lit have additional taxation. He wou'd vote Bsrairibt the amendment, because if carried discussion would lie burked. The amendment was put and declared negatived. 31r. BRAY called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Atks, 14- Messrs. Atkinson, Basedow, Bower, Ciiyenapl), the Hon. J. Colton, Messrs. Fowier, Kr:chat;ff. Moodr, Mortlock, Parsons. J. Koun sevtil. \V. B. Konnsevell, West-Brakine, and Bray (teller). Koes, 17— The Attorney-Seneral. the Commis sioner of l^ublic Works, the Minister of Education, the Commiesioner of Ciown Lands, Messrs. Bean, Ceglin. Cor ke. Darling, Kraser, Furner, Hardy, Hare, Hart, Magarey, Peacock, Stokes, and tbe Trespurer (teller). ? . . Majority of 3 for the Noes. Ti'e House then went into Committee. Private Secretary, £2, US (increase MO: office of Chief Sene'ary. £2.015 (increase £7U, decreass £10); audit, £8.716 (increase £121). l'aued. ? . Sheriff, £1.445; increase, £150; deciease. £30. Mr. FURNEK mov.d that the line 'Sheriff, £750' stand at £7-4). 'Xhis officer was a!so Be tuininu Officer of the- colony at £150, and received a forage allowance, and he thought be was suf ficiently well p»id. The TREASURER (Ron. C. Mann) hoped the Committee would not agree to the decrease. ? The Sheriff had occupied his office for twenty-six years, and during all that time had received no prumotion. He was frequently called on to perform very responsible duties, for which he got nothing, and bis duties as Sheriff must necessarily iucrease as the population of the colony increased. Mr. UK AY said if the House had agreed to consider the- increases as a whole he . should have felt boiu.d by their decision, but as it was they bad come to no decision npon the matter except that there was a general inclination that the reign of extravagance should continue. - Mr. COGLIK Baid the Sherifl had a large amount of important woik to perform, and he would vote for the increase. The H.w. J. COLTON thought it very invidioni that they should have to deal with these increasei line by line, and though he believed the Sheriff was a very efficient - fficer, he thought it a very uiuroe course to adopt to increase any sa;aries. Air. HAKE had once heard a farmer say he cave his best hone the most oats, aud ss the Sheriff was one of their best officers, he would vote for the increase. Mr. COOKE had not heard anr special caie made out for this lecreve. He had voted azainst Mr. Bray's motion ; bat it would be seen from hii vote on various lines whether he intended to «o in for extravagance. ? Mr. BOWEB thought it very objectionable to have to discuss these increases line by line. Tbe Government must be the best judges of the value of the services of their officers, and it was not foi the House to cay they knew better. He had voted for the motion of tbe hon. member for East Ade laide: but now that it had been decided cot ta reduce these lines be would vote fortvery increase. Mr. W. B. UOUNSKVELL had been quite pre pared to vote against the increases w;thout parti cuJarizing any officer, but he was not prepared to argue the merits er demerits of particular ofiicers. As the majority of the House had fek it to be thei: duty to support the increases he Iiowed to theit decision, and fhouid support them line by line. He had had enough of opposing individual lines. He warned the Government that if in recens they did rot grapple with this question it would be lhe rock upon which they would split next session. Mr. SMITH intended to vote on these increases according to the merits of each case. Some he would support and others he would not, and he would move for certain reductions when the proper time came. He would vote for this increase because he believed the Sherifi was very much overworked. He happened to know that he was now engaged in a commercial transaction on behalf of the Governrcent which might bring them in mary thousands of pounds-the raising of stone at Dry Creek for building purposes. It depended upon his being able to give contractors the large quantity cf stone already ordered whether he would be able to tupplv it for.tha Torrens Dam or rot. 0 fce question that the line eland at £700 was put ard declared nrpuived. Mr. FUKNEK cal'ed for a division :- Ates, 11-Mr. Atkinson. Hon. J. CoUon, Messrs. Cocke. Darling. Fowler, Hart, KrichaufT, Moody. Farscn?, Wetr-Erikine. and Fumer (teller!. Sgeh, 16-The Attorney- General, the Commis Moner of Grown Lands, the Commissioner of i cbhc 'Works, tho Minister of Education, Messrs. lower, Otim, Fra.-er. HanJr, Hare, Peacock, liter, J. llounFe\ eil. \V\ B. lioun*evell, fcinith, ttcki?, ac-! the Treasurer ' teller ). Majority of 5 for the Noes. ri 1 e line was rawed at £70''. 7he TP.KASUREB (Hod. C. Mann) moved to strite cut 'Clerk £100.' Since the Estimates had teen framed an alteration had been made in the mode of paving witnesses' fees nnder the Minor OfltEces Act, ar.il the Sheriff to!J him that he conld do with a little additional clericaJaMi*tv. ??»?, for which he wonld ask for £50 on the Supple mentary Estimates. - Toe line was struck oat, and the item passed at ?£1,345. KegistiAr - General of B:rth, D aths, and Marriages, £3,002; inaease, £312. The TKEASUKKB (Hon. C. Mann) aud the only increase in this deportment was to the district and assistant rtfostxar*, whs were paid by fees; and as the number of birth* and deaths became larger with the population, additional provision had to be made for them. Toe item was passed. ; Printing Office, £19,333; iucrease, £2,197 10*. The TKKASUKEK (Hon. C. aUnnl said, there had been * rearrangement of the department. An preiseer had been appointed who was previously clerk and accountant, and a clerk and cashier previously on the provisional and temporary list had been appointed in his place. ' The large amount of increase was lor payment to compositors, the increased work necessitating an excess last year of £3,280. In reply to Mr. Krichautf. he said he would ascertain what was tbe revenue of the FrintingOffic*. : Mr. tXJGUN urid if it were not for the voluminous returns constantly called for by Mr. Knchiuff the country would be saved many Lucdreds of pound*. Mr. WtSlVEKSKlNE did not think any de partment deemed more credit than this, the ez pedtiou with which they now turned out work being a great improvement on the past. lhe TKEASUKKK (Hun. G. Mann), in reply to the Hon. J. Coltok. (aid he would eud«avoor to inform hon. members what the revenue of each department was. The item was passed. L*w efficen, £3,11S; increase, £119. Passed. Patent and copyright, £iu0. Passed. Treasury. £3,224; increase. £ C3; decrease. £125; lhe TKKaSUKEK (Hon. G. Mann) moved that the Undei-Treasurer tund at £7UO instead of ££00. the arrangement with Mr. Hitchin beiru; that be should receive tbat amouit. The present Under-Treasurer liad been appointed Auditor GeDeral in Executive) that day, but the officers would retain their present positions till the end ot the quarter. The line was passed at £700. Mr. COGLLN was surpiued at such a saUry as £39 for a messenger. The TRKASUUKU (Hon. C. Mann) laid it was a lad who had been getting ten shilling j a week and would be glad of fifteen shillings. The item was then passed. Agency in England, £3,615; increase, £55, Mr. WEST-.hiiSKlNE asked that this item might be postponed till hon. members had had a chance of studying the correspondence in reference to the defective railway iron. It was not in print now, but had gone to the printers, and they would be able to see it if the item wete postponed. He bad gone through the documents carefully so that there might not be unnecessary printing* It appeared that the Agem-G eneral after being in- ? fotmed that a gross fraud had been perpe trated on the colony had allowed ten ships to leave England with rails. He looked upon this as a case of great mismanagement on the part of the Agent-General, and he thought when hon. members saw the correspondence for themselves they would all consider that the Agent-General should not for one moment longer occupy hii poal- ' tion. This iron had been examined, and Mr. Higinbotham had gone to Fort Augusta for the purpose, and thinking it could not be so bad as it was represented be (Mr. Wfst-Krtkine) had cone to Fort Augtutt himself* at a loss ot nine oar*, to see for himself. He thought it would be well that the matter should not Dediicu»sed without the correspondence being inJ tne'hsndaof hon. members, and he would therefore ask tbe Govern ment to postpone the item. ? The TREASURER (lion. C. Mann) agreed with Mr. Weat-Erekiue that a great fraud, had been practised on the colony, but at the same lime, having lead the correspondence carefully, he did not think the Agenl-Gencral , was in the slightest to blame. At any time when this matter was taken he would be prepared to defend hltn, but he agreed that it would oe improper to ducau tha matter while hon. members had not the correspon dence before them. He would therefore agree to postpone the item. ' . ? The Hon. J. COLTON thought he would not act thus. This item was 'Agency in England,' and was for the office and the officers under the Agent General, and it was better to pass it, and ' treat- the other matter by itself. (Hear, hear.) But as thu Government had agreed to postpone tbe item, he would not object The TREASURER (lion. C. Mann) agreed with much that the Hoa. J. Cjlwn urged, bat knew that if the item were discussed irrelevant matters would be certain to be dragged in. Mr. COG LIN expressed his surprise that the Treasurer should agree to postpone the item, and said he had. never beard of n - much political spleen beforei as that an hon. member should go all the way to Port Augusta to get evidence to brinsf against the Agtut- General. He thouKht ia £20,lH).i and the iron tbe Government had had a great bargain, as it was not all defective. He had sit long in the House with the A pent-General, and' kEew there was no more straightforward man. Mr. WEST- KUSKISiK said he hud not Raid any thing that implied corruption on the part of the AKent-Uenera! ; liut, judging from the papers, he had ren.-cted cm his competency to fill the offace. Thouth he hail not been guilty of cor ruption he thought he had made a grave mistake. ilr. I'AKSOiiS moved that. the Cemmittee do now divide. ' ' The motion was afcrccd to and the item post poned. Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration,' £1,700; increase, £145. The item was ag;eed to. Slock Inspectors, £i,21S ;r increase, £310; dectease, £110. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LA.ND3 (Hon. T. Flayford} explained that tbe increases v, ere an extra clerk and a cadet, and an Inspector had been put on temporarily in the South-Bast, in the absence on leave for bit months of Mr. In spector Wells. There might be an eiceii this year, through expenses which might arise attho Quarantine Station if cattle were imported this year. An amount had been spent in tree-planting there. The item waa passed. Botanical Gardens, £6,335; increase, £1.850; decrease, £1,500. Mr. KEES, while paying a high compliment to the Curator for the excellent way in which the Gardens were kept, thought something was wanted, which could only be supplied by the liberality of the Government and the Parliament in voting more money, and rtiKEested an iucrease might have been put on for additioui to the natural histoiy collection. Mr. WEaT-ERSKLNE suggested that the Government should provide a few whits elephants. (Laughter.) He was not sure that it was well to increase the number of auimalskeptin the Gardens. In Melbourne it had been found necesBary to re mote the animals for the rnnst part to another place. He thought it tnistit be well to put them in the new park outside the Gardens. The Hon. J. COLTON saw a good deal of the Gardens, and thought if lhe Guvuromeat had put on an increase no one would have objected. Air, COGLLN thought there should have been an increase, seeing that s-j much gardcu had been lately added. The item was then passed. Forest Board, iVS'; mcreate, £:US. The COMM1SSIUNEK of CKOWN LAN'D3 (Hun. T. I'layfcirii) said tbe vote for the Forest Board last year was £0,019 15s. 3d., and this year it would be £5,83:1. The ouly increase wa« lor a foiesUr iu the Soulh-Kast, whose appointment was found absolutely necessary. The three foresters last year were put down for only nine month?, so that the item was heavier this year. In the reserves it w&3 found that l-y some little attention and the cutting away of crooked trees and bud timrer tbey weie getting some valuable timber forward. Beside, from the grass they were getting in a consilient1*!* revenue, lie wat very much rle.ised with Mr. Brown, the Con servator of Forests, whose report furnished them with some yaluaMe information. ? Mr. KEKS raid the colony had much to thank Mr. KrichauU for for the trouble he had taken in the matter of the Forest Bill. He learned that there was some excellent timber at the Wirratiara Forest Reserve, and had been informed, !-y Mr. Keene, one of (he railway contractors, that they had cut 2U0 sleepers from one ttee. lie wished to know was ? this cutting of sleepers being done ho as to still preserve the forest for future use. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands— 'Only marked trees arc cut.') That being the case he was perfectly satisfied. The Hon. J. COLTOJ* waa glad to hear the Cora nilf6iocer speak in Buch terms of Mr. Brown, the Conservator, who had done gofxl work in carrying out what Mr. KrichauU' had been largely instru mental in getting pasted. Mr. UAllE looked upon forest conservation as a most important matter. Tbe hour of half-past 6 having arrived, the sitting waa suspended for an hoar. On the Committee reassembling, Mr. HALE said that he desired to say a few wot da about forest-planting. ThU was the lait, time he would have the opportunity of doing «o. became be found tbat be wfto becoming unable to stand the wear and tear of late sitting*, and wonld not stand for Parliament after this session. He had been in many lands and had had great experience with forest trees. He had found seventy-two kinds of forest trees in North and Bouih America fit for agricultural purposes, fourteen in Europe, and twenty-seven or twenty-eight in South Aus tralia. He had been very successful here in growing some specimen* ot red and blue gum he had obtained from Tasmania, ami he prophesied that tbe propagation and preservation of forest trees would be one of the greatest sources of wealth the colony possessed. Some years ago he had written to the Government about this subject: but the Government had merely grsid, 'Oh. this is one of the Yankee's pet schemes.' Feeling as strongly as he did on the (jueEiion he would be happy to ro even further tluu the vote More the liouse fiir. W. B. KOUNPEVLLL said that if there was any part of the Estimates which he would have expected to show au increase it was this item. He was afctor.ished that ilm Commissioner of Crown Lands had not more fully recognised the merits of the Conservator of Forests. He bad from personal experience seen that the Conser vator was a man imbued with enthusiasm and whose whole thought waa conceutraled on his vocation— that Of improving the forest* of his country. Tie Coi^-raftr had already, by the various methods he had aJ^oteU. for the produc tion of young plant*, the introduction* °'*f? , 80rl8 of plants, and the conservation of the J ^ *°T**'3 which were being destroyed in all direu'008 conduced to tne national wealth of the counit/.' Yet they saw a rnan of this capacity and devotion to bis calling paid only £'M) a year, while there were othere who might uot have either the ability, energy, or zeal the Conservator had displiyed petting much higher talanen. lie thought that tl e Commissioner would have hid the Home with L m if he had proposed an increase on this line. The item was rawed. Office of CoinrLisBioner of Public Worts, £1,639; irctesge, £10. l'assed. Office of MiLieter of Education, £l,U1 *».; increase, £40. .The MLS1BTEE of EDUCATION (Bon. T. King), in reply to Mr. Fowleb, explained thit although £105 had remained unexpended 03 tbe 30th June out of last year's vote, that fuu hid tinct been spent. The amount was for stall nery. I ut the stationery had not come in before the arc-nurtts for tbe financial year were made up. The item was passed. Supreme Court, £8.723 HH. ; Increase, £101. The ATTOBNfez'-GKNKKAL (Hon. V7. U. Bundey) replied to Mr. Paebons tbat the increase on the liDe respecting Circuit Courts was owing to increase of business. List year only £j !0 hail been Toted, and £750 was spent. la reply to Sir. Coglot. he said that the Lair Library was kept up for the public benefit, anil for the special advantage of Judges and Magistrates. Any Justice of the Peace could have access to the library. In answer to Mr. West-Kbskine, he promised, if that hon. member would report any case where a Justice was unable to avail himself of the library, to have the matter enquired into. The item was passed. Court of Insolvency, £3,473; increase, £J5Q; decrease, £35. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hoq. W. H. Bundey) said that hoa. members would notice an increase of £100 in the liae 'Comniisiioaer (also Magistrate of the Adelaide Local Court without additional salary), £1,300.' Within the last few years the business cf the Local and Insolvency Courts had greatly increased. He hoped to decrease the work of the Insolvency Court, but he could not decrease that of the Local Court. As hon. members were aware, the presiding Magistrate of the Local Court roust necessarily be a man well qualified for that position— a sound lawyer. He did not wiBh to refer to the gentleman who at preseat occupied the position, beyond stating that every one in the House and the community would admit his ability. The Commissioner's woric was increas ing, more especially in the Local Court, which was an appellate Court, and therefore he thought that the Commissioner had just claims upon the House. This was one of the items proposed last year, and brought forward to this year. Mr. FOWLER said that under the Bill which the Attorney-General laid on the table this session in connection with the law of insolvency the Com musiocer'a duties would have been very materially decreased. He did not know whether the Bill which the Attorney-General proposed to brim; ia would cause the Commissioner's duties to be decreaiei to a similar extent that the former Bill would have done. Unless the Commissioner's duties would be increased he must vote against the salary being £1,2-X\ but if the Attorney-General said that they would be increased he was prepared to support the item. - Without that explanation he must move that the item be £1,200. The ATTORJJEY-GEHEriAL (Hon- W. H. Bundey) hoped the boo. member would not do so. lie did not think that the duties of the Commis sioner of Insolvency would be increased so far as the insolvency work was concerned, but his re sponsibility would be in no degree lessened. The hon. member knew that the Commissioner of In solvency must be a competent man, must know the insolvency law and the mercantile law. Bat although his insolvency work would not be in creased, his Local Court work would be greatly increased. He regretted he had not at hand the return showing how great this increase had been, and this was the point— the work in the appellate Court, as he termed it— that he would strongly urge. au. FURNER did not pretead to suggest what was a fair remuneration for the Commissioner of Insolvency, but it baa struck him that £1.2W a year was a very good salary. He thought, in dealing with these increases, it ought to be shorn that there really was some reason for them. If the work in the Insolvency Jurisdiction was to be very much lessened, it seemed to him that they might very well leave it over for further consideration, and let it be dealt with next year after the Act had come into operation. If the hon. member pressed his amendment he should vote with him. Mr. PARSONS was not going to discuss the qualifications or the remuneration of the Com missioner. He would vote against each increase because he did not think that the country could afford it. Mr. FOWLER then moved that in the line ia question '£1,300' be struck out and 'JKL29O' inserted in its stead. The amendment was declared negatived. Mr. FOWLER called ior a division :— Alls, 7— Messrs. Atkinson, Cooke, Darling, Furner. Moody, Parsons, and Fowler t teller;. Noes, It— The Treasurer, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Minister of Education, Messrs. Bean. Bower, Coglin, Hardy, Hare, Kenning. Peacock, Bees, W. B. Rounsevell, S:o£e?, and the Attorney-General (teller). Majority of 7 for the Roes. The item was passed. Magistrates' and Local Courts, £20,731; increase, JESTS; decrease, £211). Passed. Coroners, £2,442; increase, £10. Mr. FOWLEK s-uu he noticed that £285 of the sum vo:ed last year was unexpended. Why was the name amount placed uowu Una year as was on the Estimate* then I ? The ATTOB*Ki'-GENERA.L (Hon. W. H. Bundey) said during li?) £1,760 wia eipenici, and the increase was oa account of additijnal expenses. The item was passed. Keeistrar-General of Deeds, £11,798 ; increa.:?. £191; decrease, £2S0. Mr. FUWLEK Baid the same thing obtained here as is the item Coroners. Last year £8&l; nuns was voted than was required. Why wa3 auch a large sum again set down this year? ? Mr. PARaONtf thought an explanation should be given why each increase was made. Ihe ATlOtOiiiL-oJi^liKALi taon. W, H. Bundey) «aid th« work of the department w^j in cxeaauiK very much. Filty pounds incieue wm set down to the Registrar, who had been tweacy five year* in the service, and was an item which the wt »le Hnnfe Ian' y-'3r saidnnsht to he n:n*«1. The duties were very onerous, and were performed in an aauiirauie uiauuer ov me fteKisirar. Mr. LOOK.il pointed uut tiui the Attorney Geneial hau not answered toe hoo. member's question why, after such a large margin waj left out ot the bum set uowu u- 1S7'J, a siuuur KiTjopnt should *t,a u us pUced ou the Eatim vies TbeeiATTOBNEY--:ENKKAL (Hon. W. H. Bunder) said there was an increase of £100 for eojiruiikuiK. 2 he wutk iu tun department de petided. upon the amount of work earned out under the Act. Of course, if the money waa not Ruuiieu it ? as bruugbt forward. Mr. COOKK Mid what sroi the use of overload ing the Estimate! with vo'rs that were not re quired I He would like to kuow what nt the amount required tor eiivriHWing last year. The Ai'luKN.fc.l-U.cJiJiuAL Uon. W. H. Bunaeyj— £1,100, There was a taring on stationery of £30. Mr. FOWLER said the Attorney-General had not aiM»ered his question. Last ye.tr they ha 1 voted £863 more than was expended, and he wished to know in what items the money nau not Deen 'S« ATTOBNET-GfcNEKAL (Hon. W. H. ikina«:))»aiu ui «u Mui u»*- he tuiudnot ii^e the huu. iiitrubei iLe LJcrxrutiou. aj he hod uot get it by Inm. nMt. COOKE thought that these lines h:d been over esunia'ed, an-i, ju-frinsr by analogy, wou'd bear a reduct'en of 10 per cent. 'i'be ihJiAfeL)K.i-K Irtnn C Mann) -aid the Attotney-Ueorral nail uut beeu luruuned Mich ail the tufuniiauou rrgiudiiig Uicae uutapeudoa halaticcB. He would point uut that it was much mote ukcli thai aie ..kuisirar would knair what he would ttuuira than the nun. member. Mr. BRAY said he bad been asked to call atten tion to the delay that existed in fretting nut cer tificate* and transfer* tr-m uie Kejt\'trar'» Onicts. In oue insiance in whicu tie *a* ouuewuuJ i; u-tl In-en tux »cdto bciute ue L*a besu *0-c m rf.t We deed. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (H n. W. H. Pi-ndej)wcuH see fo the mat*er. Mr. FTJBNKR had never known of any very great delay, although he had a great deal of buai «e»t to do witii Ute uthoe. Mr. COGLIN* nad » number of certificates and tnuufeis tent lhruu»ih tLc uffLi-, and ttute waa uo delay at alt Hun uatnl to be cause of complaint, but that had been done away with. Tl e item was passed as printed. Polio-. £S-r24 10s.; increase. £7.9 8 17s.; de mise. £154 6«. 6d. Ihe'l Kh.AbUKKK(HoB. C. Mann) Raid there ra an increase of £20 fur tne Ciuet Cierk. who uad been protiiOted, and luul been sttutuly recom mended for an increase for years past, i Mr. FUKNKK asked whai was the allowanM to the In*p«ctor in lieu of hou e rent. The TBEASUKKB (Hon C. Mann) said £50 was allowed the police orb'c?rs for al'owance. Tnw Inspector had been tranafered from aiiotner uUu«, md was now actually in tccelp. ot X6 i*. tfj. le«i thanfuimeiiy. iut aauie rcuuuk applied to die Inspector at the i oit. who ha - Lteu piomoteU from the grade of se-gtaiit. Ti.e increase oi £2 1 4 »a» for additional conat : ble». who were requited cnierl- at P«-rt Adelaide, the present staff beinn tn-« .e quate toa tendtotlie wh-k of thr ?tiart* and to me « tiier wort, which had arestlf increased otutie. Iheie waa an iuciouhi ut i^uuo lor equipaitUit, ?hich naa cbitfly r-.quiiau to supply each cuaiuble with a Al«xuia-iiBW- iifl.-. There w&a; au mcreue uf £:,^9i fu. rn ui. c.: t.. -. pers, the number having increased from 128 to I i. Mr. COGLIN Mid there waa not sur&Hen-; police crotection in ih- colony at the present uuiu. ^ic«r ?heit he liv«-«l a man could l« kootkeu dow^ ajiu rubt«-, and he bad uuutcnt a *udc wtin auui to pnxect iiiujmOL -i»lmhtct.) Mr. I-A£li-U -aid nuthirR had been explained why the Uicrt»-MS had been given to the Superin tendent ol Police, who h d £73 more than isit ytar, ror alxrat the two Inspectors r--th of whom had ircrrattd salaries. He supposed innate c«ru men hart hern nwot frum ihe ranka, auu ue «aa lilad u such was the ca»r. becauue it wuuld be an Uiccuuve u- iLe iucu u do their wurk welL He waa crtlaio UuU the Pohce Force in the country districts more than equalled that of thi other coionir*. He ner-i not speak ol the town lorce, as they all knew oi Us efficiency. The T1KASUKKK ( ou C Mann) laid he was obligeil to U e hon. member fur his reuiai ks rega-diax the Pulke Fotcf, wi kh he believed were qmtn correct. Kenaidii h thel. opecot'. oue wtu Inspector Woodcock, who had been tnn ferred from the bum, and theotber wialruoector Sullirau, «rtu- had been ni&ed; frum the rank of sergeant. Toe incieaMhad been given to the Superintendent ot Police, 'ho had increased duties, anil lookexl after the barracks. Ai-y on-- who knew of the efficient manner in which Mr. Petenwald oerformtd bis »otk wuuW not grudge the increaae. Tht M1MSTEK of BUUCATION (Hon. T. King) *ta° had to speak iu favour of the Police Forve. The tffioeucy of it had iu a great measure resulud fiOtn the action of the hon. mtm'.trs who had iciused to likten to the complainU of men who h»-- huitonboled them. Ui DARLING said be had never been button hi-ied by a policeman, but he had tum uotuereJ by a nj&n; named Judkins, whom he ih ugut had «ot fain destrta. Ibe item was passed as pnnted. Gai.8aud Prisons, £25,358; increase, £1.687 13«. «-!.: ut ci ease. i51 14s t-l. The TBKASUKKK (Hon. C. Man) sai-1 the in crease for w»rrters was oa scc-'unt of the extra «wk at the Supreme Court, and because men were required to look alter the pnsDeni employed on the lewece work*, lucre was al»o au increase among the feu; ale naideri, oce of whum »n requirtd for night duty. He proposed to strike £250 ffftke item provieion?, to that it would be £!COt) icstead of £3.25.0 Ihe amendment »as carrie-l. ?Mr. COOKK »aid he lemembered last year they ruluced tome ol ttie ileuu fur provuioni, 6lc, and i) ey weie then told that they would not lure n fficieEt; but the fact was that they bad £-'Sl un expended, -nd the asxae amount waa asain put down. He would like an explanation Irom tne Tre- surer on thep»rnt. The1BKA8UBJJk(Hon.G Mann) said he hid no explanation to give. Mr COOKE would move to reduce the line pro \ »icn», St. from £1,3»U to £1.000. The TKltASUBJiB (Hon. C. Mann) would point out tLat on this particular line the experience of oce 3 e*r waa go crrtaio criterion of the next. The ^'entt eit mated that ihii amount would be reQUUC*L Mr Fi»WL- R ni-? l*»t year the amount «a- ntun.i) ai i ' !7' tff Hou-o cut It d;an lo jcrttdW) il.'i^l Ixine vutcJ, as it »tu twi iis^f to be required, and there was the temptation U. the amount was voted to spend it. Mr. COGLIN reratrced that as population in creased it was natural that criminals should in crease also. The item was passed at £9,S22 S3. 6d. Labour Pi ison, £13,285173. fri.; increase, £335; decrease, £17 14d. tid. The TKEASUBKB (Hon. C. Mann) said there was an increase of £3-S5 for two guards who acted also as trade instructors. He moved that the line provisions, &c;, £7,5w, be reduced to £S,5jO, as the Sheritf found that there wss no necessity for so lar?e an amount. Mi. DARLING noted in every department that there was a great saving in stationery. Ue wished to know if it arose from the fact of the Government importing it themselves instead of calling fcr ten ders as in the past. The TKEASUKEB (Hon. C. Mann) bdieved there was a saving on tb.3t account, and thac they got a far better article at a cheaper price. Mr. BKAY thought if the Treasurer delayed this line for a week he would be able to reduce it by another £500. They were told that there would be a large eiceM on it last year, instead of whieh there was a considerable saving. The line was passed at £6,5uO, and the item at £ia:S5 17s. od. Department of Education, £91,628 19i. ; increase. £4,727 10s.; decrease, £3(55 5s. The M1MSTEK ot EDUCATION (Hon. T. King) explained the principal increases in this item as follows:— There was an Assistant Inspector of Schools, whom the Chief Inspector had recom mended to be appointed on account of the increased number of schools, of which at the beginning of the year there were 331 as against 2tS in 1S76, and 18.500 children examined for results last year, as agaicst 13.500 in 187(5. They reason ably expected the numbers to be considerably higher ihis year, and the Assistant Inspector would re'ieve the Inspectors who were overworked. There was an increase of £2,0.0 on stipends and other payments to teachers, including Training College and Model Schools, making the amount £t7.000, and an increase of £1.000 on payment of pupil teacher?, bringing the expenditure on them to .£5,5tO, in cccsequence of fresh schools being opened. There was an increase of £2uO on Echohuahips, and of £200 on allowance to aged and infirm teachers; bat more than the £L2C0 set down would be required to be voted on the Supplementary Estimates, as the liabilities incurred already amounted to £1,730. An addition of £200 for travelling expenses of Inspectors was necessitated in consequence of the greater number of schools. In reply- to Mr. Coghn, he said the advanced school for girls was paying the whole of its expenses, including rent, and a little over. It had been one of the greatest successes he had ever initiated. There were now about 93 girls at the school. In answer to Mr. Furner, he said the revenue expected to be derived from the State schools was a little mure than £20,000. Mr. COOKE Baid the ansvrer of the Minister showed that it was about time to institute an ad yaoctd cchcol for boya. If a school for girls paid it was far more important to have one for boys. Mr. HALE warned no £20.0u0 from the c&ildren; of the cfiony ; he would go ior making education free as air, whatever the expense might be. Mr. COGL1XS w.shed to know what additional qualifications the Inspector-General of Schools possessed that be should receive £800, while other inspectors only got £430. Mr. PKACOCK moved that the Committee divide. Krgatived. for. PAKSONS wished to kaow whether the Inspectors other than the Inspector General did not apply seme eighteen months ago fur the appoint ment of a Commission in regard to thtir status and salaries, and whether the Commission, after a pro longed investigation. (M nut recommend an in crease to the Inspectors as a whole. He taought they deserved such increase, and he was ex ceedingly surprised thai they nad been overlooked. In Victoria, the Inspector-General received £7uO, the Aisistant Inspector XtiZO, Senior inspector £610, cine Inspectors at a minimum of £4 IS and a maiimnm of ££92. and eight Inspectors at a pninimniTt of £350 and a maximum of £373. He quite agreed with Mr. Hare with regard to free edncation. and he waa perfectly satisfied that the country would never have anything like au adequate return for the expenditure it was incurring until education became perfectly free: and he believed if it were iiecetsary to levy a special rate there was no rate is hich would be more cheertully paid by the inhabitants of South Australia. He would l.ke the Minister to explain h'uw tne ±2 uuu expense in cunt dm enforcing the cuuipulbyo clause was ex pended, and whether the serviced o( the School Visitors in looking after truant children were am nn- d to Adelaide and the large towns only, because he believed there was more need for them iu ttie outlying districts, and he thought some mutt be tola ott to look alter tuein. Mr. BKAV asueu tne Minister whether the Govirnnient did not lajt ) ear recuinaiend that one or more of the lLSvectors should have aa increase ot salary. If it was proper theu, why was it not done now ? and if it waa not done now it showed that the House was right last year in reducing the amcums. Air. * UKNEB was of optni -n that it waa of great kun-rtaui-c tuai itinerary ^Hooluus.ers siiuuu be appointed for the outl- ing districts, as it was im p^fi^'em many cf them that tne farmers could send tneir children to school. iiio MiMaTttf ot education (aon t. Kinji) aaid the Inspector-General had been appointed in )b75, at a salary ut jjhiO a year, and ne veiy tlioroUKiiiy earned uis muney, aa he was mott cntLusioinc uu iuc cuu^e yl euueauon. He woj at nisi lather piejuaicea against Mr. Hartley, but he hadreen that tie was »roug. and that tint oiti-er was tne best man fur the poaiuun. On tne report ot Uie couuuiaaiuu iu rcleience to the three induce tots an uicrease nad been recommended to them, but the Home hsit struck the item out, and this yeai tue- iiau mode uo appLcauun lor an uicmass. Itko tuuua«iiJ luuuuafui (.utaiib in force couiuul sory claustb was modt up ol salaries uf School Visi tors and travelling expeuses, aud it wa fuuud mat by kcuauiK V isitois to portions 01 the cuiouy where uic- iwduii ui ue ueccssary rawer ihaa apuoiiiii. g Visitors in each district a considerable saving was erJecfert. Mr. lAK'LIN did not think the explanation ainrflt tlir rai.i ifft ui Ulti ludyuculs Was salidf.O tory, and thought the compulsory clauses were not enforced a* tnpy ru«hs to I-e. Air. -bKJti cxk aaiu uia t»t«iitnce aa Chairman ot the i**uu 01 AJuc at me Port waa that taey hau no troable with ihe children of pareuta wno paid school lefs; tlimo ttie- cuuid uut nvi to afcibUU WBlq tttiiWIIMt KliU HdC Ut#C xit. iUhd fciiitOcd oji -.pvi cattuua u-aJe w uiui tor the rig at to otnd chiiureu to school tiee, but they had ..reat trouble in jteitfng 'hem to a tend. Mr. DajiLu.ivt iuuvcu tuat wie C^mmit^c do cub i.v.ue Them ?bn ttw negatirefl. Air. bit ax thought tbme waa some truth in a rtli^bk. luauo IU tt U.UU IU UU8 in. kuC Ui.Wa04P£l *, lLju the ie^ii.u ike fieo thiiuren true sent irre Kulaily to schuol waa because the parents could not boy boots and clothes to send them decently dieabeu iw actiuui, ana wuuia nui ^ive tucui uiata uu. ull thej cuulu give them clothes. He thought his colleagut s ha^ got to the windward side of tne M'nlfter ot .Education, us tie was Uic ouij Anuisttr who bad vrupuscd uo mueaec^, and if ue thuukLt, aa he beueved the hon. member did thirk, that the Inspectors were entitled to coasi deration be might see that they were consiuercu. Air. AiouIjx a^recu with Mx. Ifuiuer Uut ituiiraLt tcchers Mete much required. Blr. PAKSO.MS thooghi the matter of increased salary to Inspectors snuuld be Lokeu lutocou^uura liou Uj iLe Minister, aud itouiu BU**eat i^at he ciuld airaiJgc lor it on tne Supplementary Kali mates. Ibe MLNlaTKB of EDUCATION (Hun. T. luiitU, lui Uie uiiuimatiou uf huu. members, said thai thcie »ere oix SOiooi V tutors. Oue was j'atiored 'at Wallaro', auu the rest were in arxl atx-ut Aueuuue, ai d wete »eu. out to other aistriao wiieu Le-t»»ary. It wan injpo68iuie to get taeu to act as itinerant leaders, as they could seldom be accommoda'ed with u lodging, lr they could be nad tue uutcruuieui. »uuiu te haput U. em^ioy iheau Mi. S Uli-.j-Buid uot understand hon. members who wished for retrrnebment btfore blowing not ana cold and wiaiung lucrcaota u- ue inaue in v+SktiMtmi c^Msa. Mr. i-Ai SO^S s i;d when a whole class were o»enoiktd atienton should be called to it. Trie ilfiu »a» tl.eu pasned. iiuUtutu, jU4,Sb7 10s. ; increase, £13.217 10s. The iUm was passed as printed. ?cwt Offices and lelegraph Unices, £163.571 7s. So.: uicteane, ill. 6. 3 4a. llo.; uecie^se, £0,1^6. ILe AilMa.t.bi» ui 1-jjU(JaiiO.n (iioO. T. King) sain he had in hs hand a return and report from Mr. Toad, which gave some valuable Uilurnuuion, aud in a more concise form tu*u he urn d M»ve 11. It aypcoreu trom tuat that ' in 186V tne revenue of tne foil and Telegraph «-ffices was X4i^&7:i 17*. 5*1, and in 187y itnaa uiuuku u- *JXt,-k& ??? bu. lut: tXiftu~..a.K lor lsta »*» £7u,3tb ils. od . and in 1ST* £lo4,2-'4 bis. The rn.mt.-ei of poat-urhcea had mcreased in that period m.m 270 to 449 ; the number ot teiegrapn otnees rruru 00 to 111* Ine uunioci of i«rsoos i.u.t-luj-.d had increased trom 70 to 16); the number of iettei* Ja-m 3,052,757 to lno'S,4 1, 'he rumher of n«Wk(*a|iets Irom v,\r 6 1 77 to a,Ul.&o; Uie number ol icicKTaUia lioin i2^,'£iJ to i.01.;; u»c liUmb.r of miles Uavehed by mails Iiv.ni L13t5.4Sl to LW.'-iS In 18i9 the e were 11,013 miits of lint-, and 16,042 nii:ca of wire ; anu in 1STS 4JS:} miles ol line, am: 5 y.^H miirs or *ire. 'i be cxDeniTtture has lccreaaed irom i7u, j^S h*. W. in itttw (-ne yrar oeturu uie ueixuuneiu «d, Mii»iii»ii.».tu- Ui jtiW.a.^l loo. m leTv, or a, litile u-uc Uiau uuut--e is» tnu (uuut.) xue itveuae iu tu some time uaa increased more lhaa mree foid. as the wutk as measured by trie number ot letter*, censpares, aud telegra-ns hxi more tnaii UeHed in the l*ost-Othce and ru- re ttian qanu rupled m the Telegrapn l-e^artiueut. Auj in comparmct the exueuuiture in 1&.U «ith lbtJ u n-u-t 1* burne iu iniud Ui3i iu 1&6J »e wc.e uut ccar^ed lor me cutuge uf maiL bj raU*a-, uor did »e va- for stationery and prnuu;, whdat in 1ST 9 we paid the railway £t,al-0, and for sutionery and printing £3,822, or together £8,3.2. for service^ rot chained tor in IMjU. 1 bave ui ocner cuire srondeDce ibo*D thai the railway teuua to iu creue ths cost ef inlanu moils by ope^ia^ up country, whilst we are suil compelled la iua ly cases to maintain parallel eervue* oseitle snort services connecting the Pt«:-Omces with the railway stations. It ihoull ai^o be rem-mDe:ea that the intercolonial pistal rates haa rxeu rt dnced from (5d. to 2d , aud that the mtercoloa.al and colonial telejirapn rates have been Largely reduced, so that mm-li more worK ht« now tu oc done by the department fur the sauia aaiouai cf rtveLue. The rapid aeulement of Uie out.ym^ agricultural acd paitoral districts haa forced ou the dtpartuient a greatly enlarged expenditure {or mlicd mai:S- Thus, we paid for our inland mailj iu KN-y iXj bli* 12s. 3-1.. and in 1^7y £4i7oo Si Sd. If it be remembered that during me period embraced by this rtluni we have constructed me telegraph to foit Dsu»in and tne tquailj QiSioulv hue to Eucia, and ii.cieaaed tt.e leE^tn uf our lines generally ficrn 1.(^42 miles of wire iu l^ta to 5.9J4 in IjCJ, it will le retdih understood that this bas throira an imrrerse amount ol woii on tie deparvmem.' Mr. i'OWLKK asked how loug this colony woald bave to pay the uid rate lor Kagluh rnaiU to ^Tn°erI:MJMST£F. of EDUCATION (Bon. T. King) said they would have to pa* it for twelve mouths, acd that it would be in aa about eighteen months before ihey had accounts. At the time it was agreed to pay according to the former rate for ajearthey fca«l no idtathai tne Uriect s: earners wi-uld call here month jv, fctaiune tortuightiy. Mr. M£aT-f KdKLNH said all would regret the misffir.ose the uneut LVm^any tai met wah i:i the li to tf their liue sieiincr on the cow. Ho 0., aid infUi.ct.d t£e case cf a person whj bad caused a great disturbance in the colonies beiog allowed to go home by the Bangalore, though refused by the captains of the Orient line, who had consideration for their passengers' comfort. As to the coatract with Victoria, he considered the Chief Secretary had made a confounded mess of the business, and he had to congratulate the Minister of Education on having gone to Melbourne and made a very fair bargain, lie hoped that the con nection with Victoria in this matter would be cut as soon as possible. Mr. PKACOCK did not agree with Mr. West Erskine as to the Chief Secretary, and did nottloink what he had had to say in comparing the Orient steamers with the P. in O. steamers had any bear ing upon the subject under discussion, but he hoped that as soon as me Government could with credit terminate the arrangement with Victoria, acd pay so much per letter, or by weight, so as to encourage the calling of steamers of both lines, the better. The MiNISTEK of EDUCATION (Hon. T. King), in reply to Mr. Pabsoxs, said that the Orient steamers received Id. per letter for the mails they carried. The item was passed. Agriculture, £785; increase, £1SO; decrease, £685. Mr. FUliNEU would move that the item be struck out, as he did not think the Experimental i arm was any good. Mr. COGLIN thought that the Experimental Faim bad proved an utter failure, and the expendi ture upon it of £750 per annum was a dead loss to the country. If trie hon. member pressed the matter to a division he would he compelled to vote with him. Ihe COMMISSIONER of CBOYF2J LANDS (Hon. T. Plavford) trusted that the House would not strike out the item, because the country being experimented upon was different from the general poition ot South Australia, it was of a peculiar character, being drained land, and the rarmers there had noc been so successful as they h-ti anticipated. It was extremely desirable that the Government should cairy on a system of ex periments to prove what were tne beai kinds of crops to cultivate. Ihe expense of the farm was not large. The amount of £3 JO set down for seeds, material, &c; was to purchase machinery for the purpose of trying to save moie of the grain than they haa hitherto been able to save, in consequence ot the moist climate the oidiLary Kidiey reaper was certainly not a. success on this farm, and last year, having a heavy straw, the wind had blown down the gram and scattered a great portion of it on the ground. He proposed next 3 ear to use an ordinary reaper and binder to gather in the crop. It waa very desirable that the Government should test the cultivation of particular kinds of root, grass, and other kinds of ricps. If hon members would look at the report of Mr. Mclvor, which he had laid on the table, they would see tnat the Government might be able, by means of this Experimental Farm, to afford a vast amuint of information to selUera in that kind of country, fie looked upun the farm ai a very valuable institution. It was now being gut into fair Ullage. He thought they had received 4U0 or 510 bags ot wheat from it, and he trusted next year that the faim would pay its working ex penses. It was no use only working the rum fur a 3 ear or two, but he hoped that in the course of a lew years the farm would be fouLd to be of great benefit to the people in the neighbourhood. It in a year or two it was shown that there was no neces sity for continuing it he could assure hoa. members that the expenditure upon it would not have been t hi own away. It had not been thrown away on the .North--fc astern Farm, l'fae Government had spent two or three thousands of pounds on that farm, and they were now receiving from it an income of .£300 a year, so that alt&oi;'gh the North-Eastem farm had not been a success it had not resulted in any less to the country. Also, they had in two or three jeais proved to farmers the utter unreliability it that sort of country for «hjat cultiva tion. He hoped hon. cembers would not strike cut this lU-iri for a few more years. He would promise them that the experiments to be conduced wmld be if such a character aa would tairly show what kind of produce would best repay cultivation. Ihe faim was wuikeu on an ecuuomical scale. This year they would bave sonis three or fuur hundred acre* under crop, and they trusted that the working expenses wouid be nearly, if not quite, met Ly the receipts. In reply to Mr. Peacock, he stated that the actual receipts up to date had been iyc Sa. &J.;, in addition to which there was nearly all ot last j ear's crup. Mr. WJtST-EfiSKINE could hardly follow the Huu. the Commissioner when he had said tuat the uops wire so good that the wind blew them dj«rn. Did the Cou.uiissiouer nieau to argue that if the straw bad teen light it would have been able to lean up against me oinii! (Luu^hter.) His ex perience was to the contrary, aud he also had generally found that with lotjg heavy straw there wss generally a light bead. (Laughter.) it tae Commissioner would agrte to take merely as much as would enable him to shut up tiiis larua he woulj support the government; it uor, he must vote against the item. He taw no benefit to be derived irom this continued annual expenditure. Mr. COGLIN said that the Commissaioner had not told the Committee what ttie expenses of tne form had been belore it yielded this Aiti tw. b\l. and these bags cf wheat. The iiem a as declared to be passed. Mr. WEST-EP.SKLNE called fur a division: - Alia. £'— The Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the .Minister of Education, ASesirs. Atkinson, Bear), Bower, Coglin, Oooke, Darling, Powier, iiater. Hardy, Hare, H ennui*, Moody, Parsons, iiets, VV. B. lioanseveU, Stokes, and Commissioner of Crown Lands (teller). Koes. 3— Messrs. Furner, Peacock, and West Erskine deller). Majority of 17 for the Ayes. Air. Wi-ST-i-KSKiNi. moved that the Chair man repoit progiess. The motion was declared to be negatived. An. AVfcsT-EKSKlNn: called ior a division: - ATts, 3— ilessis. Ctoke, Daihng, and VVest Eiskine (itllei). Nuiy, 2u— 'ibe Attorney-General, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, the Minister of Education. Messrs. Atkinson, Bean, Bower, Coglin, fowler, Fraser, Futner, Hardy, Hare, Henning, Moody. r-arson?, Peacock, Keen, W. B. Kuunsevell, Stokes, and the iitasurer (teller). .Majority of 17 ior the Noes. Mtdical (.meets, £2,651; increa:e, £14; decrease, £300. The TREASURER (Hon. C. Mann), in reply to Mr. WEaT-hRSKiSK, said that it had been found that ine chairman of the Board of Health (Dr. Gotise) cuulu tert'Miu the duties ot the Vaccination otijici, ainl ihe office of the latter had consequently btLii abolished, lliat accounted for me principal rtductKU iu ibis item. The item w&s; passed. HcBpitals, £19,34S ISs. 5d.; increase, £3S3 14a.; dt crease, £1,214 15a. The TKKASUKEK (Hon. C. B4ann\ in reply to Mr. WFST-rBSKiNE, said tnat the hon. memuer we u'd Dec that in the Adelaide Hospital there wa« £J,-(ju ubs lur medicines, medical comforts, &a; lUiii accounted for ihe reduction of the vjUs lor that Hospital. Air. PENNING wished to know, if there was no medical officer or expenditure ai Blinui.ji, why the line should hi kept uo the Estimates f Mr. KoWLEiC said the Treasurer appeared to have Uj.ioe a mis-cta ement, as instead ot iheit iKriitK a aaviug ol £7-.U at uie Adelaide HospiuU, as tUittd by him, thue seemed to be an L crease of £iou. The TREASURER (Hon. C. Mann) sad the amount set down was lower than last year, as the Goveri ruent, on noticing that tlieco «u- large unexpended balance, had a. --ked the Board to reduce their estimate, which they hod done. All the amount set down wou d be re .uired. Mr. DAKLLNG called attention to the great disagreement that often arohc between tue Board cf ihe Destitute A.-3lum and th-; ot cue H.'sp.tal with re, ard to psr^ons sent down from tlu tountr) to the liuepi a'. 'Ihe men went to the l»t(er institution, aim were liable to iu be badger.nl a, out rioin one institution to anuth T at the wiil OI the Lfhcula. (l'he AlmisUr uf Educatioa— 'It u uot the case uuht.'j If j sm glad of that, because he wanted 11 to be a distinct unierstandmg that if a sick person was aeut by a Magistrate or by the police from the country to the Hospital the tmcials ebould be compelled to take him ia there, and mat tne quesiun of whether ne aiioul I HO to the bcocilulc £-oaiu suouid uc a matter of later conoii»i;r.iUOP. Air. WEST-EhSKINE said he knew of cases where n-tn come Irom the country suileruig frum sonie rumor di ease, and they Were ueated arid hen pent away, which was qaite right. The Hospital was tor severe cases. Xne MIMdTEK of EDUCATION (Hoa T. King) Mud, on a member of the Hospital Board, he could bay that the state of things referred to by the hon. member for lataladid not now exist. Air. COOKE wanted to ki.ow who made up the Estimate of £t-,(X.U, which waa for contingencies, and alio what was the actual amount spent last jear. 'ineTEEASUKER (Hon. C. Mann) said sorae thug under Ao.W-U was spent, tnere being s sum ol xt,iA- unexpended. Ine amount ol £6,000 uau been iccoUimenUid by the Board. Air. touh.h said these estimates seemed always to be made in an absurd manner, an 1 were always above what was require'i. In 1*7S the Boa id sent in an estimate of jtU.OOU, which was jCl.Uty mire than was required, aud in the tollow Irs year their estimate 01 X9r 00 was cut do*u to A.'.LOa, anl there was again a surpios this year. be di'i. Lot see an; use in o ? erloading the Estimates in this manner, aud would move to leiuce the item, medicines, in., by £500. The TKEASUKrlt; (Uon. C. Mann) would like CO tnow what personal inte:esi the Hospiul Boaru could have in asking lv.r too much money. Me did not beneve there van niote bthcieut Board uuder tie Government than that of the Hospital. It had illtcted K'eat economy 111 the public service. Mr. \\\ tSr-fch&KAMi; e«il it appeared to him that the Bcaid under discussion was always the most f fliciept, whatever it mtunt be. (Laugn er.) Air. litlus said the hon. member's remark ni^ni be iaceiiou', but the best ot the Treasurer's s:a:e Mitni was that it was quite true. Xhcse esumaies were vtx- taieluli- coi .sidered by the Board, and it wohju be scarcely fair for the Goverameut t-) nfl:ct upon the abiity of the meaibers who give their services Kratuiiousiy to mate up these esti uiarea. With refereuce to the Hospital, the lale Dt. Kawliogs, Senior tlouse-SurKeon, wio had h*l exi-eueoce at E^iaburgti, Vieuua, and at a nuoiDe: of leading eoiicnei, told him that he knew cf au place where such ample provision was mads for mtdical instruments, and where greater care was uten uf the sick than in Adelaide. The amendment was negatived. Mr. COGLLN wanted to know if the Govern ment intended to appoint a eurneon at the Biuiman Hospital. The XKEASDREB (Hon. C. Mann) said no efficient man had oilered himselt, but the hon. memler would agree with him thai it was wise to make provision for such an officer. rMr. WEST-EriSKlNE moved the adjournment cf the debate. Kegatived. Air. KOWLEE said in the case of the Mount Gambier Hospital there waa an excus .ol £232 frcm last year, and yet the same amount of i.;j,NX) was set odwn this year. Ibe TREASURER (Uon. C. Mann) said there was a email amount left over, but Dr. Jackson thought the total sum should not be reduced. Every one who knew anything about that hospital would admit the great success it had been, and no oce could but speak in terms of praise of the ability ot the medical officer he hod just mentioned. (Hear, bear.) The item was passed as printed. Lunatic Asylums, £1S.21XJ ; increase. £1337; decrease, iito. Mr. VVEST-ERSK1NE wanted to know what wan the cause of the decrease of £100 on the Use cle:k to tw^'h Asvlums. lie! l;t:A?l'KEn (Bon. C. Msnn) said he had did not as a rule requiie lElorautioc oa a reduction, so he had not got any explanation about it. The item waa passed as printed. Destitute poor, £25,944; increase, ,£2,505 Us. ; decrease, £72 4s. The TREASURER Ulon. 0. Slann) moved that th;s item be postponed, because he intended to reduce the amount of the Chairman's salary, and the Cabinet had not yet decided what the redaction should be. Mr. PARSONS asked whether the appointment of Chairman had been made. Ihe TREASURER (Hon. C. Mann) -No. Ihe item was postponed. Central Board o£ Health, £1,914. Mr. AlO-iDY moved to strike this item out. He believed the whole of the work done by the Board ccuid be as well performed by the Corporation of Adelaide, assisted by the police, as by the Board. Last year hon. members were almost equally divided in the matter, and he would press his motion to a division. Mr. IiEES hoped the hon. member would not do so, as the Board had done a marvellous work in improvirgthe sanitary condition of Adelaide and other centres of population. It wa3 proposed also that a number ot fresh duties should be relegated to the Board in connection with the Building Ait, and it was necessary that they Bhould nave soaie independent body to control the matters dealt with by the Bill, It was impossible that the Cjr poration, with its annual elections, couid carry out acy great sanitary reforms, on account of local interests being brought to bear on the Councillors. 'Ihe Board had done much good by abating abominable nuisances in -'orth Adelaide, Hind marsh, Bowden, and Cher places, and waa a desideratum which no one could object to. Mr. COGL1N would support the item, as he thought the Board were doing good work. Mr. Fu'W.LER observed that last year the hon. member said— 'After a residence in the colony of forty-ihree years he ought to know whether the city »as in a talubiioua conditijn or not. He could state that there were cesspools and accumu lations of filth and stagnant water in the city which were a disgrace. The Board of Health took no notice of them, and therefore it was a waste of money to keep it up. It was the same in the neighbourhood in which he lived.' (Laughter). Mr. COGLIN said a great deal of what be had complained had been removed since. The item was put and declared carried. Mr. MOODY called for a division, but as he was the only one on the side of the ftoes a division could not take place. Quarantine Statioo, £760; increase, £10. Passed. Cemeteries, £900: inutase, £27. Mr. RISES asked if anj further arrangement had been made with regard 10 a new cemetery, the necessity for which he had beard discussed in the House the last eight years. He thought the popu lation of Adelaide had so far increased that some decisive steps should be taken with the view ol getting a suitable place for the repose of the dead at some distance from a centre of population. Mr. HAKE said years ago he had advocated a Bite on the line between the Dry Cieck and the blockade for a cemetery. The soil wa3 from forty to sixty feet before water was reached. He hoped the Government would consider the advisability of securing a site there. The COMMISalOSER of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. T. Playford) said at the present moment the Government were in treaty tor a piece of land be tween the South and Goodwood roads on the slope of the hills immediately at the back of St. Mary's, at five miles distance irom Adelaide. It consisted of irom 150 to 20u ceres, was well drained, with suitable soil, and had been reported on most lavourably by Mr. Brookes, the Superintendent of Cemeteries. The Government were only waiting to come to terms with the owner of the property, it would be valued by the Government valuator, and if they come to terms the land would be purchased ; if not, a Bill would be introduced to enable them to compulsively obtain the land. The land about Dry Creek had been thoroughly tested by Mr. Brookes, who reported against it on account of the haidneds of the soil, the proximity to the Stockade, and other causes. The sod was so hard and dry that the cost of digging Kiavcs would be much increased. Mr. REES suggested, in view of ihe construction of the JSaime Railway, that the Government should ask Mr. Brookes to inspect sites in the Lei2b.bou1b.ood of Belair. Modern cemeteries were situated generally on high ground, at some dis tance from town. Air. PARSON'S taiJ the expense connected with the dipgirg of graves iu comparatively hard soil would be us coining compared with the expense which wouw be entailed iu ine cost ot corrugj if a site were selected not alongside a railway. Mr. h AKE said the land he had referred to was on the line of railway, and the soil was suitable for di£ginj; Kravts. The COilillSoIOXER of CROWN LA'DS (Hon. T. Playford) said Ue Nairne Railway could only be taken to ihe site he had referred to a. great excise, 'ibe sites suggested by Mr. Keea had Leen already examined aud unfavourably reported Ou. Air. DARLING said there was not only the expet.se to p. or people iu conducting bur.a s if a place were selected five miles a»ay not on aline ol railw; y to be c nsidereil, but the time of the livirg in attending t-jucras. it wax no joke to follow a iuceral— (laualiter)— at a walking pace for five miles, and it would take at lea:t two hours goirgiind returning. The item waa passed. Progress was reported, and the Committee obtained leave to sit a^a-n ou Tuesday. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at ten minutes to 11 o'clock till Xuesua} at 2. PA1B3. For Mr. Bray's rrotiun against all increases in salaries (Message 1), Air. Roes; against. Mr. Rees. For Govr: ninent Estimates Hon. G. C. Hawker (Commissioner cf PuMic Works) and Mr. Simms; against. Air. Krichauff and the Hon. L. Glyde. 