SShaiehoIders in the Koimanby Co aie'iemmded that if they wish to P« then calls at Tfu. M'tcuiy office, bai« -they must do so bv 10 a m, on Moud»J, to pei raitthem leaching the legal n»nafi« in time > Tenders will be received by Cuthridge aud Coron oi before Mon^j the 30th liist, from persons desirous leasing tlie Newiy Cheese Fjctwy. We have been requested to tioli to Messrs C Macki itosh W next monthly sale at CUrks Toou^bbie, winch wUl tike P'^ ® ' ^ i Wednesday, 25th inst. Wearemfon' that the large number of cattle adurj e are of a veiy supenoi de 3cr.pt M», « bullocks being just the suit that ^ quired by the fatteners at t^ P^0" tome, and the furmtuio w nearly and of the VBry be t quality , , „ . neceiitei a The boiough council h ve tenclei for grubbing and ^^"f. ^ater i„ iu the ea torn lagoon. AVhile » Uc , w„ ^ rL s liept loiv enough to permit of tliaj ^ being aoue, it would be a well toJtho^usbe likewise cut down, oOier w In the couise of tune ^ t«e roublesome io the boatmei i eie ^ ^ ushes in Lake Wendouree did to owing plubs iu Jiallaiaf "Tide of gifts and Bruce's auction, in •j f lie Strait Presbyterian Churcb, a , ,U take piace at Stratford on tl.e loth j iflth September. '.:-.-:••.- The Salt 1 SkatW Rink Club will hold last meetinff foe the season- tbm ini? Tlie public will, as usual, bo p^,ue,it of oae sfailhog - ' u the Sal" police court, yesterday, bet™ Messrs Piatt and Stuart, J's. P. . John llwo'n sued Jolw Hodgson to recover £2 Id for work and labour done, and . obtained an order, with 2*64 .costs. < meeting of members of the North rhnshnd Cmirsmg Club will be held at 1?, Voyal Exchange Hotel this afternoon, J f0nr o'clock, when the cup and; stakes f., connection with the recent coursing lueciing "ill be paid over to the winner. jn our advertising columns Mr J. Law ( ders [,is sincere thanks to. the gentlepi, j-ho rendered such valuable assistance in confining the fire on Wednesday Maun" to the haystack, and thereby preveuted"t' le destruction of other property, i 6necial general meeting of contribulora to the Gippsland Hospital will • be I pld at llie council chambers, Sale,, on Mondayi the 30th inst., at eight o'clock in tlio evening, to eicot an, honorary medic1I officer to fill an existing vacancy in Tlie residents generally, and the watercarriers particularly, will learn with satisfaction that the council have not only decided to have the water from tlie artesian sell analysed, but that they have also apnointed a committee to report.upon the lest means to be adopted to utilise the W11 The water is already bttbgexteUeiTeiy used by the public, fudging ^rom ' the fact that ^taariy^^^MHgj^iliave been at the well at the same time awaiting their turn for filling. We have received from the Re v. F. A. Baoenauer a sample of this season's arrcHrrmit manufactured at the Ratntihviick Mission Station, Avon. River,: and iisve great pleasure in bearing testimony to its very excellent quality. We are informed that the crops hare been exceptionally good and plentiful, and must congratulate the rev. gentleman on the success which he has .experienced in the result of his industry. The favour in Trhtcli the product is held has already' been amply recognised, but it must have been a pleasure to Mr Hagenauer to receive, the other day, another proof of public recognition in the shape of a medal awarded by the committee of the late Geelong Exhibition. The ordinary half-yearly meeting of the lakes' Navigation Company was held at the council chambers on Wednesday night, Mr Abbott in the chair. A con-! siderable amount of time was spent in arguing what were the functions -of an : anditor, and eventually the directors'rer pert was adopted, after excising the paragraph to the effect that the auditor had exceeded his functions in expressing his opinion that the directors! bad acted wrongly iu buying the Bairnsdale, and in insuring tlie Tanjil. It was stated at ihe meeting that the principal Melbourne shareholders had uot only approved of, but had strongly advised the purchase of the JBairosdale, and tlie result bad been satisfactory for the company, as since the purchase of the Bairnsdale the trade had beeu kept together without incurring any Joss, while previous to the purchase of the small eteauier, tlie Tanjil had lost about £100 a month." Tlie company now, had two steamers which would suable them to carry on tlie trade all the yea'r round to advantage, us it was evident that the trade for abnut nine months in the year was only sufficient to pay expenses of a small boat, while during the other three months of tlio year it may possibly pay to run both steamers. It. appeared from the .balance- sheet tbat the company were indebted to the bank £735 30s 6dj so that the sanguine 1 expectation <if dividend will not . be realised just yet, •", We have received a complaint from Mr Roberts's pupils to the effect that on Thursday night last, sumo of tho larrikins uf the toiru who had congregated about the front door of the sal tatorium. commenced throwing stones on , the roof, and to diversify their amusement they broke the glasain one of-the windows. Unfortunately this conduct is by no means exceptional in Sale, and we should be glad to hear of the police laying their bauds Upon some of these young ruffians, just to give the. magistrates a fair chance of making a savere example, . It is a very common practice to throw stones eu the roofs, of houses, to the extreme annoyance and sometimes terror of nervous persons, and we should be sorry .to see any mistaken leniency shown to offenders caught in the .. - - i homing match in connection imli the Victorian Poultry'Show took plane yesterday Between Sale and Melbmrne, Tlie competitors, six magnificent Antwerp pigeon's, were forwarded to Mr • batten, the stationmaster, by Thursday nigat'e train, with , instructions to let them go at nine o'clock in the morning if ™ weather was clear. Everything being favourable, they were; liberated at the ®>ur specified, but they flew about in different directions, and hovered around the nation for a very long tirno, after whichthey apparently .made: for home," The 'icmM states that at half-past two none « the birds liad reached home, and we have received no telegram of tiis result. Last night's Herald says :-Mr Masou, awompanied by the President of i, nffi re "V^^i, attended the PubsLi* - l , a with the view-of th Mertaiumg the particulars with respect to ^ h holding of a county court at frequent 1 that the Governor-in- : ki^f ,, (36 2 azat . te d) appaitited tiie iioIdot tho court m queistion once atleast months, thus enabling .-the" Z appeared--some titnTsince, of -Court Is uot io take Z nd T learning that the judge . bold the court whenever he may new Woi a ? v ? oe i11 connection with the : The liY® glad to publish in full, itf rH D g , u^ e d t o bo conveyed in e er S ™ ' , of '^ contribution is, how- Glided at tWfi t to be misappre- • t 4udtt' P f li0!a I lreader8 from ourcor " Wise nn 8 remarkB w ««ld probably surtliau himeelf The C S advi c f, bowever,' excellent., 'lie£ , ^ '^shareholdersin Let fuL but i??,' 0 !'"^' ^ures-Ke thank- Budueo N„? blow,' fop .neither the : ' "irw•"or-Eureka-^dl^ try, U \7 ec tWf of :- all thrb^ lea n . , for , "lighV Our °f their 5 tbe yieM nfi good—very good—with sisould covert Per t0 "' asSdwtsofgold aU 00Bf *«. andt, c »£ 'nming, xru8MUg, thev rn;„ ? grand property. Say : ? u "ng the-fir f ^^.oSlyiibO&^iSB'- llk e - UowJrX r,Br f aud then if t^y "hal would they have got? Why, r ^ T ^ - an investment of less i2 0 °0. «qual to 530 per cent, per annum, which I believe is a veiy good co.nmerc.al profit." Tlus is doubttess a very satisfactory calculation of the prospects of the. ininoj although if ji be true as it is confidently asserted, thattheie is A) j ears work.in tliB mine before reachiu» water level, there would appear to be tio particular, hurry to close accounts of 550 per cent, in so abrupt a manner as that indicated by our correspondent. . / v The total value of the gold yield of AuBtralia and New Zealand to the 31st December last was £280,000,000 It is asserted by, a Mew South WaJes paper that ihere are about a dozen libel actions pending against Sydney newspapers, -'The aggregate damages claimed amount to a total of somewhere about the- respectable sum of £40,000.—Some excitement is being caused in Eilmore at present by the appearance of a "ghost" that nightly promenades the railway platform, and has already eo seriously frightened several persons -as to. render tliem very ill. A few mglils ago the apparition was fired at several tuneB, but without producing any -effect., The police have taken the matter » » — T h e condition of Miss Edith' Oaldweli, who was so mnch injured in the recent radway collision at Laraj is still such as to give her friends deep anxiety;-— Iho official return of the poll taken at Geeloujf, on Wednesday gives Mr Berry a total of 1,574 and Mr Andrews 1,527, the majority being 47. 