THE TWO SISTERS OF COLOGNE. Monn than forty yeara ngo I was a poor art atudeut, journeying over Europe, with a knap snek on my buck, having resolved to visit, if possible, every gallery worth a pointer's study. I started with but a few shillings iu my pocket; but I had colours and brushes, strength of limb, and determination of heart. It was niv practice, on entering a town, to offer to paint u portrait, in exchaugo for so many days' bed and board; or, when I found no inaa's vanity to bo thus played upon, I applied at all tho likeliest shops, and I seldom failod of work. Thus I was euabled to carry out my scheme, whilst most of my fcllow-atudouts wero vege tating whero I had left thorn, with mindi un colarged by contact with the men and the arts of other countries. Though I left England with a heavy heart— for I was leaving behind me tho hope and promiao of my life — and though I was away on my walk through Europe more than two years, ' in weariness' . . . and ' iu fastings often,' yet I never envied the unam bitious routine, tho inglorious repose, of my lem enterprising friends. I was constantly obligod to go without a dinner, when a turn of ill-luck (some temporary illness, or the artistic obtuaonesB of a wholo city) had drained my purse vory low ; but I seldom lost oourage — courage and u confident hopo iu the future. I wan nearly in this plight, however, whon X entered Cologne lato one-evening in September. I had been laid up at DussoldorfE for many dayii with low fever, and the belt iu which I onrried my thalers round my waist had been much lightened in consequonco. My illness had left me weak; and I crawled into the town, dusty and footeoro. Twilight was gathering around the rnauy spires and towora, as I crossed the bridge of boats ; a dark ruddy light alono remained in the calm river, whero purple shadowH were fast deepening iuto black ; and the reflection of a candle hoie and thero flickered in long scales of gold upon tho water. It was very hot. I sat down on a stone out eido the cathedral, too exhausted to go from pillar to post, bargaining for a bed, as was my wont. 1 pulled a crust mid bunch of grapes from my wallet. Vespers were going forward, as I knew from seeing a few devout old women hobbling up the steps, and disappearing through the heavy leathern door. In no like spirit it occurred to me, after a while to follow iliern. It would be ploasanter than outside; the soothing influence of rauBic, the whiff of incense, the luxury of a straw- bottoinod chair — these worn the attractions, I fear, that drew mo in. Heaven knows, I was properly punished, inasmuch as I can never again hear Cologne Cathedral named without a shudder. There were but few persons present, and . thoso wero huddled together in one of the side chapels, dimly lighted by the flnre of half a dozen candles upon the altar, whore a priest was olliciating. Tho only other light through out the great shadowy pile was given forth by a feeble lamp or votive candle here and there, burning its little life away before the Mother of Seven Morrows, or the presiding saint of some amuller botiuselled shrine, and struggling out into the great sea of darkness fast gathering over all. The clmira were piled away iu blocks, except a few, left for the use- of tho devout, near the altar. I preferred slinking into a confessional against the wall, where no ray of light penetrated. I laid my head upon my knapsack. I hoard the priest's monotonous drone, the tinkle of the little bell, the low heavenly murmur of tha organ, and then — I fell asleep. Did I dream what follows ? As I am telling you as simply and tiuthfally as I can all that I know of the matter, I begin by saying that I have never been able to satisfy myself en tirely upon this point. Assuredly, the strange ness in no way lessened, but rather increased two.fold, as the sequel will show, if one can believe that the strong and painful impression left upon my brain was produced while I w»s aaloop. ? I woke — that is to say, my own distinct im pression is that I woke— just as the Borviee was finished. Iu half an hour the cathortral would be silent and deserted ; then it would be locked up for the night. If possible, why not spend thi night here, instead of seeking and paying for a. bed elsewhere ? My legs felt mightily diBincliued to carry me a yard further. At dawn, when the door« wore opened, I should rise up refreshed to seek for work. But, even while I revolved these things in my mind, I saw a light coming down tbo aisle where I was — nearer and nearer. I slunk as far back as possible into the corner of the confessional, hoping; to escape detection. But it was not to be. The sucristau was upon his rounds, to see that thero wore no loiterers iu the sacred build ing; hiB vigilant eye spied me. He laid a hand on my shoulder ; he shook me— I must move off. With a heavy sigh I rose, and then, for the first time, perceived two young women standing behind tho saoristan, thoir^eyes fixed upon mo. No doubt they were leaving the cathedral and had stopped, arrested at the sight of a young man being unearthed from a confessional. It was impossible to mistake that they wore sisters, though one was shorter und much less well favoured than tho other ; but thoy had the sumo grey piercing eyes, fair skins, and hair which was something- beyond flaxen — it was almost white. The hair was worn iu a strange fashion, which I cannot describe, though I see it even now before mo— the glittering spiral threads hanging partly down the back, and surmounted by some Bort of black coif or conical heud-guar. Their aspect, altogether, was very singular ; I found that, so Boon as my eye had fallen on them, I could not take it off ; and, to say the truth, if I stared, the young women returned my tture with interest. As I moved wearily away, tho elder one spoke : ' Have you no money to buy yourself a night's lodging, young man ?' ' I have enough for that, 3?raulein,'_ I re plied, colouring, ' but I am almost too tired to go about and look for one. . / . . I have Soon ill, and havo w»lked*some/miles to-day.' The Bisters exchanged glances. ' If it be so, we will give you a supper and a night'a lodging. We need no payment. \ Wo are bound by a vow to help any poor way farer so far. You may come with us, young man.' Something within me said, 'Do not go.' But why? What young fellow of twenty would refuse the hospitality of two handsome women, especially when he haB but a few Bhil lings in his pocket ; ib tired and hungry ? Yet I hesitated. ' Accept or deoline it,' said she, who was still the spokeswoman, somewhat impatiently. ' We cannot wait here longer.' We were at the door as she said this. 'I will paint your pictures in th« morning, ?then, in return for your hospitulity,' I xepliod, smiling. I was a vain boy, I am afraid; in those days. I had good b.elh, and liked to .show them. The younuer sister, I saw, never took her eyes off me. There was no harm iu .appearing to the bost advantage. I bowod nther directly to her as I spoke ; und once more 'the sinters exohangod glances. ? : A hired oarriago was waiting. : Without a ?word, they stepped iuto it, and I followed thBm. Tha driver clearly knew where to drive. Without any ordtr; being given, we set off rapidly, but iu what direction I did not think ?of observing. Like most German carriages, the glasses rattled over the stones, ao that I ?could not hear myself Bpeak. I made a' futile ?effort, but noithor sister attempted to respond; Both sat there, opposite me, motionless, leaning %uck in the two corners. I had nothing for it T)ut to watoh their faces in silence, and specu late about their history, ae the lumps, swung across the narrow streets, threw lurid juts of light ever and anon upon those two white masks under the black pointed coifs. It was not until we hud been driving for upwards of twenty minutes, and had couio out into what I suppose! to have been a emburb of the city, judging from its high walls, that it suddenly Unshod upon mo that I had left my knapsick behind me in tho confessional. An exclamation of nnnovanco escaped mo. ' What is itP ' said the younger sister, lean ing forward ; her voice was far mere inusioa] than bec.sistor's. I told her what troubled me. II Did it contain anything of value ?' asked the other. I shook my head. 'Nothing of value tc any one but myself— a change of clothes, my colours and brueb.es, and a few booka.' 'The cathedral is locked now. It would be no uso our returning. It will be open at 6 ; and if you aro there before that hour, you will find your property nil safe no doubt. . . . Hero wo are, Grotehon; have you the key? Open tho door.' . . ' We stopped before a small, single-storied house, having a wall on either side of it, and no other habitation near. So mnoh I saw, whilo Gretohen (the younger one) drew out a key and opened the house door. The carriage drove off. I followed tho sisters into a narrow pas sago. Upon the right was tho kitchen ; on the left, tho staircase ; at tho back a door, leading, by a flight of steps into a garden. ' Come with me, young man,' Baid Gretohen. ' Lori will got supper ready meanwhile.' The elder sister turned into the kitchen ; Gretchen led the way up. stairs. ' We have but two rooms. . . . Lori will propare your bed in the parlour, after supper. . . . Will you wash yonr hands ?' She struck a light, and opened a door to the loft, at the top of the stairs. It was the bed room of the two sisters— small, yet containing two beds, and several great chests. A black crucifix, too, I observed in the corner of the room. ' And you two live here, alono f ' I asked. ' No servant ? Are you not afraid some times?' She shook her head. ' No, we are not afraid. Lori is afraid of nothing— not even of ghosts. Do you believe in ghosts ?' I laughed. 'Do not laugh,' ohe whisperbd. ' Ghosts- are the only things I four. Sometimes I fanoy I see them in the garden there.' She shud dered. '? See what a fino gaiden we have . . . Plenty of space, is there not ? ' She was pouring water into a basin from am earthenware ewer, I remember, as she sard thin. She set the vessel down, and turned to the window, through- which the moon, which wan now rising behind a solitary sycamore, shone into the room. A square space enclosed by high walls where the grass grew rank, and a moss-grown walk,, led to a little door in the wall at the further end. This was what she was pleased to term the garden. 'The violets grow rarely there in the spring,'' she said, with a strange smile, as- if interpret ing my thought. When I had washed my hands, Gretchen conducted ma into tha next room), where Lori' had now' laid the supper. It was a small chamber, with an alcove, or closet,, at one end,, a gieat earthenware Btovo, und a number of gaudy prints around the walls. la tho midst was the table, where three coitera were laid. It was decked with a bunch of China asters in a jar, and was substantially furnished, I was glad to see, with a pie, a dish of raw ham, a loaf of black bread, and some gsapes. As for drinkables, there was u small jbij of Bavarian beer, and there Mas a bottle of water. Lori bustled to and fro; Gretchen lighted another candle, and sot them both on the stove, behind tho table. As she did so, my eye was attracted to tho floor, on which the light streamed. It was uncurpeted ; and a number of black beetles wore running across it, alarmediby the illumi nation, no doubt. Now I have airways had an irrational l opugnaucn to this insect : I am afraid my face showed it. ' We cannot got rid of the nnsty creatures,' said Gretohen. 'They come out iu myriadi from orevicea near the stove ;-. but the light always frightenB them away.' We sat down. I was very hungry, and fell to with right good will. Lori kept me in com pany. Sho sat opposite; and whenever I raised my eyes, I saw the mevemont of her massive jaws defined against the oandles be hind her. Gretchen sat on my right hand ; thus the light fell sideways on her face, while that of her sister was in shadow ; and, the table being small, Gretohon's hand and mine came frequently in . contact. She ate very little ; she crnmbled and played with a piece of bread, and seldom allowed those strange piercing eyes of hers to leave my face. As supper went on, Lori talked and laughed a good deal ; Gretoheu said nothing. She seemed to grow more and more absoibed iu her own thoughts ; and once, when her hand touched mine, I observed that it shook. She filled up a tumbler of water and drank it. Lori pushed tha beer towards me. ' Fill up for yourself — — ' I drained the jug into my glass. I raised it to my lip and began to drink. Suddenly Gretchen uttered a sharp cry, and started up. In doing so, she nearly upset tha table ; and her elbow some how came in contact with the glass in my hand. Its contents wero spilt on the floor. ' Ach ! tho beetle— the horrid thing ;' she cried. ' It has gone down my buck, I be lieve !' She rushed from the room, us white as a sheet. ' Fool !' muttered Lori, setting her jaws tight. 'What waBte of good liquor! And there is no more in tho house ! I will send her, for her pains, to go fetch another schoppen.' 'Not on my account, I piay. I like water quite as well. Nay, your ' Bayerische bier' sometimes disagrees with me.' She looked up sharply iuto my face. ' Why, what manner of uiun are you, that drink water ?' she demanded. 'I soldom afford myself anything else,' I replied. The beer had streamed from the table to the floor, where it had formed itself into a long diagonal channel towards the stovo. It was still dripping, which drew my attention, I Bupposo to the boards. The beer had encoun tered one or two black-bettles in its course. I had heard of their fondnoss for fermented liquors ; it had taken effect very quickly in this case. I saw them struggle, feebly and more feebly, to orawl away from the intoxicating flood. Lori's quick eye discerned what I was looking at. ' The nasty creatures ! They soon make themselves tipsy,' she said, as she rani and fetohed a broom. Then she swept them up- into a plate, and oarefully wiped tho floor. Gretchen now returned to the room, and helped her lister to olear away the sup per. As ana moved about, I, my hunger being appeased, noted with a quickened por ception what a supple grandly formed creature this Gretohen waa. The fancy came into ray head, that the White Cat, whon transformed, must have resembled her ; fair and lissom, with. delicate' pink nostrili and strange bright eyes. In the elder sister I thought the cat grew akin to the tigreBS ; her sharp narrow teeth, heavy jaw, and stealthy cruel oyes, filled me more aud more with an indefinable repulsion. I was glad when she said : ' I will go nee after your bed, young man. Gretchen will keep you company meanwhile.' I was sitting in tho moonlight, near the window. Gretchen stood beside mo. 'You are unlike all tho men I haveknown,' she said, after sho had looked at me, in her strange way, for some sainntes. '-Are all Englixhmeu like you ?' . 'Happily for thorn I suppose, very few.' 'But EnglUhmen ajo faithful,' sho said, eagerly. ' They never deceive, never betray. I have road about one- Englishman in a. book. Could you be true to a woman, without chang ing, all your life t' 'I should hope so!'. I oriedv with the im petuosity of youth. 'A mart's, love is not worth much other wisa.' ,.- She stretched forth her long white hanita and laid them on my shoulders. ' Will you bo my love, young Englishman f' she murmured, in a hoarse tremulous voice. ' I can make you rioh. Tou need toil no more. I can save you from great dangers too. I like your face.' I started up, blushing, for tho thing came upon me suddenly, after all; but I replied, wnnouc nraiiacion : ' Wore I to nay I could love you, Friiuloin, I should be false. I have left behind me in England one -whom I havo long loved, and to whoza my word is plodged. I ? ' 'Listen,' sho interrupted, vehemently, but iu a whiBper, as though dreading to be over heard. ' I have more in my power than you know of. Do not reject tho love I offer ; it may be the worse for you if you do. I would Bave you, young man.' I understood her to lofer to my poverty nnd her own wealth, as I replied with a little flourish of gallantry : 'If my love for another makes ma proof against your charms, Frauloin, I am Hot likely to yield to the temptation of riohetu Poverty ani I are well acquainted already. Its dangeta and hardships- cannot scaro me, forlhuva ex perienced them all.' **? There are some dangers you have- not yet experienced. A comely young fellow saay run risks sometimes that he knows not of.' There was a wild look in her eyes as- ehe spoke; and her words left a vague uncomfort able improHsiou on me. But Lori entered' the room ivt this moment, carrying my bedding- in her arras ;? and further conversation with Grot chen was impossible. She helped her sister' to spread the bud- upon a trestle in tho corner of the room ;. then dhe fetched sheetB and a patch work ooonterpano, the design of which I can distinctly ivcall even now. There wero ti ian gular bits of red cloth inserted here and there-,, which looked to mo like so many small-, tongues of fire, — I have good reason to re mombor them. When her task waa done, Lori stood beforo mo with her arms akimbo. 'You feel sleepy, young man, no doubt, after your long. dny. We keep early hours, for wo are up betimes. You shall have a cup of coffee and a alioe of black bread at five, be fore we bid you- Godspeed. Nay, no excused. It is iu our vow. Scblalen Sie wohl ' (To be concMeil in next Saturday't istue.J 