A Ghost Can't Sneeze. The 'Charlotte Observer' says :— At a convivial gathering, after the theatre, Mr- Barney M'Cauley related to a party of appreciative young men many amusing stories of his experience on the stage. " I UBed to be in tragedy," said he, " and for a long time played theghoBt to Ned Booth's Hamlet. We were in Cincinnati, on a gorgeous stage and before a tremendous audience. As I stood," said he, " dropping into the attitude and sepulchral tones of the ghost, and was say ing, ' My hour haB almost come, when I to sulphurous and tormenting flames must render up myself,' I was seized with a desire to sneeze ; there seemed to be a thousand sneezes gathering in my nose. Now, if there is anything a ghost can't do, it is sneeze. My position was awful. To sneeze was to be ruined, once and for ever. I never went through such torture before; my frame shook like a leaf." " And did you sneeze 1" some one asked. " No ; I bore it like a sol dier, but the faces I made completely paralysed Booth, and the scene came near being a failure. He afterwards told me he thought I was going mad, and never in his life experienced such sensa tions on the stage. Gentlemen, pray that you may never want to sneeze when to sneeze is ruin," and from that tragedy of the situation he fell into the comedy of the "Deputy Sheriff of Jarvis Sec tion." ______ Frederick Crill was executed at New ton, N. J., on Saturday, for the murder of his daughter, on June 5, 1879. He left a confession recanting his statement that the shooting of his daughter was ac cidental. He had taken his gun to go hunting, but having some sharp words with his daughter, who was at the wash tub, he shot her in a moment of passion. Only the jury of twenty-four men were admitted to witness the execution, but a large crowd assembled outside with a brass band, which played during the ce remonies. When the Sheriff put on the handcuffs, Crill, who had an eccentric no tion of keeping himself intensely warm during all his imprisonment, asked him to take them off and warm them, and also to warm the noose. He expressed himself prepared to die, and made no vio lent struggle after the drop fell. Macon ' Telegraph': " There are in the asylum at Milledgeville two singular cases of persons suffering from lunacy. One of them is an old man, the other a boy sixteen years of age. Being violent at times these two unfortunates are con fined in separate cells, the floors of which are of thick Georgia pine, the walls of brick and two feet thick, cemented on the inside. Strange as it may seem, two or three nights since the boy picked splinters from the floor and with them—in one night—picked an opening through the wall, large enough to admit his body. He was caught half way out of the hole. There are upon the walls three places which have been repaired, all opened in the same way. The old man keeps him self perfectly naked. He, too, has picked through the walls in the same manner. The nails from his fingers are worn away, and he has but two teeth left in his bead, the others having been broken out in his efforts to draw nails from the floor after he had picked the wood from around them. The holes were all made in the walls in one night with splinters obtained from the floor." Three Indians and their boat disap peared from Cape Hurd, on Lake Huron, six years ago. A squaw said that she saw the boat move out upon the lake in the night, and then sink out of sight. Her story was believed by the supersti tious Indians, who conjectured that the three men, being extraordinarily wicked, had been punished with death by the Great Spirit. Lately two woodmen quar relled, and each accused the other of mur dering the missing Iudians. The fact seems that together they committed the crime, fastened the bodies in the boat, loaded it with stone, scuttled it, and set it adrift to sink. A Sad Message from the Sea.—A spe cial dispatch from Rock port, Mass., says : " Capt. Edward Millett on Monday after noon picked up a bottle floating in the water, about a mile off this harbor, which contained a leaf from a pocket memo randum book, on which was written, with great apparent haste, the following :— ' April 17, 1880.—Training ship Atalanta. We are sinking in longitude 27, latitude 32\. Any person finding this note will please advertise in the daily papers. J. L. Hutchins. Distress.'" Twice Married in Two Days.—San ford Woodhull, coloured, thirty years old, on Saturday was committed to the Suf folk county gaol, L. I., to await the ac tion of the grand jury on the charge of bigamy. Woodhull, finding himself con fronted with a responsibility, and for the purpose of preventing trouble, married Mary Couklin, a young coloured girl 14 years of age. After the ceremony was performed he at once proceeded to Se tauket, where he had an old sweetheart in the person of Miss Addie Sills, the co loured belle of the village. Details for another marriage were speedily arranged, aud Woodhull and Miss Sills soon found that they had taken each other for bet ter or worse, the clergyman tying the knot being rewarded with 75 cents. The honeymoon was cut unexpectedly ehort by the arrest of Woodhull by Constable Hastinus. Woodhull discovered that he had accomplished the unprecedented feat of wedding two wives inside of forty-eight hours. He said : " I 'spect I'se got my self in a nice fix. Talk 'bout takin' a woman for better or worse ; well, I'll bet I'll found dem two a powerful sight worse den I took dem fur."—' New York He rald.' Death from Vaccination.—The report made this morning to the Board of Health that Henry Malloy Johnston, a child of seven months, had died at No. 45, Grove-street, as the result of recent vaccination. The primary cause of death was stated as " erysipelas of the arm, fol lowing vaccination." The secondary cause, as the child was sick ten days. Its parents moved from Hudson county, N. J., to this city five months ago, and the death certificate was issued by Dr. S. W. Clas sou, of Arlington, Hudson county. By whoia the child was vaccinated is not stated, but will be ascertained in the ; course of an investigation, which will be made by the health authorities.—' N. Y. World.' Prof. Colliston of Geneva has made some interesting observations on the course of lightning when it strikes trees and houses. He holds that the great dis charges which injure trees and houses seldom or never happen while the light ning has an unobstructed course, which I it has in the thin upper branches of trees, where birds and their nests are i often left quite uninjured by its descent. But it is where the electric current ' reaches the thick stem that the tree becomes a worse and worse conductor, and it is here, therefore, that the tree is what is called struck—i.e., here that the j electricity, failing to find an unobstructed channel to the earth, accumulates in masses and gives out shocks which rend the tree. New York's Free Baths.—Not less than forty thousand men and boys availed themselves of the privileges of New York's free baths en Saturday last. From five o'clock in the morning until nine in the evening each of the seven free bathing houses was crowded to its ut most capacity. The greatest difficulty arises in keeping those out who have once been in. On account of the limited accommodation, one bath a day is all that is allowed to each comer, but the little fellows soil their faces and hands with dirt as soon as they get out, and their cropped hair quickly drying are thus in a few minutes enabled to pass inspection and get several baths during the day. Dur ing the week ending Saturday last, 110,723 girls and women and 161,969 boys and men enjoyed the luxury of free baths. 