Our Lordon Letter. LONDON, OcTOEim 8th, 1880. [Prom oar own Correspondent.] Tl\o dead ralm which in my Ia^t appfurod tn reign, lias bpen redely awalropod by a series of excitements in the Pnlitloai and social world, The slnfi' of Trflnnd is nlarmiiig. nnd foreiyn politics penerallr are unsettled. A series of sorious disaster^ hnve also oeenrred, Tn lighter matters there is the end of the crirkters visit and ghost stories and mirtiptilouB appearances of a novel character. The Eastern question, the threatened action of the fleet and the usual dilatory and masterly inactivity of the Turk have been conspicuous, and up to now have resulted in affairs remaining almost in the same position. In Ireland matters go from woree to worse, agrarian outrages and murders are every day becoming more numerous and the action o( the Land League against the landlords is rousing the latter into activity. One reverend gentleman in the North has openly stated that two can plav at the " game of leal." Sir B. Frere has arrived and de fetid- his policy at the Cape with great vigor, where he has been well supported by the lot'al authorities, but public opinion here is unchanged. The Bribery question is being enquired into, and con option in cities and boroughs alike proved to be rank. Tbe Ballot Act lias tbus far proved not to be a safeguard against bribery. In Oxford tbe C»n servatives spent ^"7005 in < usting Sir W. Harcourt. Tbe Social Science Congress is sit tin** in Eninbur^'h. Tbe proci'rdii)i>s be^an with a sermon in the Cathedral, and mmy important social rjucstions have b-'<n discussed. Sir II. Bessemer has bocn presented with the freedom of the City in recognition of his great dis cvufiiies iu the manufacture ol steel, wliicli ate revolutionising what was c.died tli<? '•liotia^c." Tlicalm:st incredil-lo slalemcnt waurnncii that Sir Hcmy bad >o!il bis pi entities and plant (otwenty f-'ur times the subscribed capital an<i Sir Henry stated that Iu now made slotl in 15 minutes, which by the old process took throe weerfs, and could be [-r.iduced for £6 per ton, as against ^.'jO formerly, that 20 tons of crudc itni could be made into tbe best steel in 23 minutes. Sir Henry also alluded in fsjeling terms to bis own succecs as a discoverer, as compared with the neglect i.iid misfortune which followed some ol bis predecessois. Sir Josiali Mason, of Birmingham is .•mother lemarkable instance of success, and also of liberality. A poor kd, first i shoemaker, then a baker, afterwards a <• irpct weaver, at 20 be went to Biriitinsjham and became a yilt toy maker. At HO he began the steel pen and ring Jjiimnu splitting trude, and made an enormous fortune. He then went with Elkington into the> Electro plating business, and with his great wealth built Hospitals and Sc'io da in several plac<?s. the Isst being tbe College at Rinaingbam at a cost of £170,000. Profepsojf Hnsley delivered the opening address^ Tbe Church of England Congress at Leicester has bef»n n erani enonosc. Most of the leading churchmen were present. All the topics agitating the church in its high, low, nnd broad sections were introduced. Leicester is a great stronghold of dissent, but on Ibis occasion the dissenters, particularly Ihc Baptists and Congregationalicts, did all in tlieir power to make tbe visit of* the ehurch people st'ierable, nnd sno cepded so well that the subject, has been repeatedly referred to with pleasure. The Baptist Union , have also had their great meeting. This year some 1200 of the leading b«miBts assembled. This is a most important s»r 1 ' 011 °f the r «lieious world, and its action iV closely T!le visit of ih watebPo. e cricketv ", is dVa#i*w fo a ? ,ose . aid liappify ti> cloud whfeff bwng dV6t the first part off their visit has been dissipated, and thejr will I'ave with the ferfing that after all tneir visit has ended pleasantly ft\id profitably. Gavan Duffy's book is likely to he * a great 'U(xee" r and its publication is nnxioiiFly waited for, and another Irishman's work, Justin McCarthy's History of our own timeB, has quite taken witH readers. In scientific matters the thre» most prominent topics are the elevated railwnys, air engine locomotive, and tlier photophone. We nate just heard of the successful opening of the Melbourne Exhibition. 