Au Interesting Case. (Prom ilia Keening Newt.) A singular case, illustrating a phase of bush life, was heard at the civil sittings of the last circuit court at Deniliquin. It w»s an action brought by some tank-sinkers, Chose and an- other against the station-holders, Messrs. Brown, Oakden, and Co., to recover the difference between Is 3d and Is Gd per square yard "of excavation of a tank constructed by plaintiffs on defendants' station. The case on the face of it appeared to be perfectly plain, and from remarks mado before the trial the defendants had not a ghost of a chance of winning. The case for the plaintiffs was that they had contrasted and agreed to construct the tank in question, contents 10,000 yards, at Is Gd per square yard ; and that they per- formed the work to the satisfaction of the de- fendants. The plaintiffs-for whom Mr. Townsend M'Dertnott, of Melbourne, appeared -^also produced a written agreement stating that the price was to be Is 6d per square yard. Mr. G. B. Simpson, who was instructed by Mr. Reed, of Hay, for the defendants*, made ! a clever au J successful defence, and proved that though the plaintiffs held a written agree- ment, that the agreement was not made in good faith, and was, in fact, a mistake so far as the words one shilling and sixpence were concerned, and that they should have been " one shilling and threepence." The original agreement, which was read to the plaintiffs, contained the words " one shilling and threepence," and in copying the dupli- cate the mistake must have occurred. Ia proof of this Mr. Simpson called two wit- nesses, neighbouring squatters, who had made Bimilar contracts for dam sinking, and had borrowed from the defendants the agreement to take pattern by. They distinctly remem- bered that the price was Is 3d, and in fact this was the ruling price in the district. The defendants, however, were challenged to pro- duce this agreement, but they could not do so because it had been stolen from the house during their absence in Melbourne. The drawers had been burst open, and though a diamond pin waa amongst the papers, this identical paper alone was missing. The cook, who was in the house at the time was not called to give evidence, but defendants, who were working about a mile and a half distant, were shown that the drawers had been broken open. The case was put to the jury in a eapital manner, and resulted in a verdict for defendants. The plaintiffs were much cha- grined, and learnt for the first time that a written agreement is not always binding. Thora is awenerablo and benevolent judge in Paris who, at tho moment of passing sentcnco on a prisoner, consults his assessors on each Bido of him as to th.8 penalty proper to bo inflicted. " What ought we to give this rascal, hrothor?" ho says, bending over to the assessor on the right " I should say throo years." "What is your opinion, brother?"-to tho assessor on the left. " 1 should givo him about four years." The judgo, with bonovolenco: "Prisoner, not desiring to give you a long and severe term of imprisonment, as I should havo dono if loft to my solf, I have consulted my learned brothers, and shall ^ («bo their advice. Sovon years." v , OB exhibition at Norwich, Ct, is an inrjtfcsting f l club from Arkansas. Tradition says that in thirty- ^ six years nino men havo been killed with it. It is " about a foot and a half* lung. The handle is round, and heavily ornamonted with brass, and increases from a quarter of an inch to an inch in diameter, The btriking end hns a ferulo of lead holding in placo a solid brass ball over an inch in diameter. ; 