NEWS OF THE WEEK. THE HOBSE PARADE. Pursuant to notico a parado of stallions took placo on tho Gundagai Crickot Ground on Friday morning last. Tho number of horses exhibited was not up to expectation, but there was somo grand blood shown. Having assem bled on tho ground, tho owners of tho thorough breds chose Mr. A. J. A. Bevoridgo, of Dollar Yale, Clarendon, as a judge, and tho owners of the heavy siren soloctod Mr. David Mackonzio, inspector of stock, as thoir judge. Tho horses woro then paraded in a circlo, and tho judges having scrutinisod thom, Mr. Boveridgo pro nounced Livingstone to bo tho best thorough bred, Royalty sobond. Amongst the hoavy draught Mr. Maokonzio soloctod Lord Lincoln as tho best, Bob Boy socond. Tho other horsos shown woro worthy of notico, and ovidoncod that tlioro woro' somo oxcollont sires in the Gundagai district. Tho following horsos woro outoied and put in appearance :? — UUAUOIIT, Mi-. W. B. Wilson's brown horso Loud Lin coln, by Honest Tom (imported), out of Lady Lincoln (imported). Prize awordod. Terms, £3 10s. Mr. J. C. McLoan's groy hovso Young Boh Boy, by Bob Boy, by Burley Tom, by Old Railway, I'orms, £3. Mr. James Dunn's roan horso Youno Shake speare, by Old Shakespoaro (imported), out of a Olinkor mare. Terms, £2. Mr. William Smith's black horse You no Wallace. (Pedigree not known.) Mr. David Novo's bay colt Emperor. (Podi gree not known.) thoroughbreds. Mr. C. Guy's brown horso Livingstone (im ported). Prizo awardod. For sale. Mr. F. McEvoy's chosnut horso Boyalty, by I Tim Whifflor out of Ludia. Terms, £4 10s. nr. i,™„ I Snowden, by Old Snowdon (importod), dam Dora by York out of Jossy. Terms, £3 10s. Sovoral of Snowdon's stock wero on tho ground, both in saddlo and harness, and drow forth admiration. We loom that Mr. William Osmond, suddlor, has dotorminod to go into business at Coota mundra, and has mado arrangomonts for open ing thoro in a weok or two. Wo wish him overy succoss in his now sphoro. We aro in receipt of tho ' Amorican Exportor,' ; publishod by Mossrs. Boot and Tinker, of New York. It is .ono of the best of our exchanges, and contains a groat deal of infor- , mation rolativo to tho oxport trade of tho United States. It gives tho fullest attainable statistic8 i and reports of the progress o£ the export trade, together with a continuous series of suggestive ' and instruotivo articles from tho best authori- 1 ties. — Wo havo also roceivod tho ' Foreign Mail,' a somowhat similar journal, publishod by Messrs. Ward and Lipman, of Philadelphia. Liko tho 'Exporter,' it is well and neatly turned out, and contains a vast amount of in formation to parties ongagod in commercial pursuits. The following selections, which wero takon up at tho local land office on Thursday last, ' wero acoidontally omittod from our last issuo Dangar and Macdonald, 44a lr, Wantiool . Edward G. Ems, 40a, Cooba . . Thomas Heffernan, 00a, Eurongilly . . , Justin McCarthy, 140a, Eurongilly ? Qoorgo Woodbridgo, 40a, Tarrabandra „ John Soils, 300a, Claris ? - - 3d W. F. Frasor, 100a, Muttama ... ... . Wra. Coggan, 50a, Monoy Monoy. ? Messrs. John Biunsmead and ' Sohb inform us that tho full list of prizo awards has just boon roceived in London from Sydney, and they with two first-class awards aud a special cortifl cato, at tho hoad of all tho piano manufacturers who exhibited at tho Exhibition. Following them, that is to say among tho first-class awards without special certificate, are- Mossrs. Erard, Mossrs. Stoinway, Mossrs. Chiokoring, Messrs. Bochstoin, Mossrs. BlUthner, Messrs. Bonische, . and a local Sydney piano manufacturer. People' say that England is deteriorating. In pianos, at any rate at Sydney, an English firm -has gononheadof tho most oolebrated makers of Franco, Amorica, and Germany. Tho following is a copy of tho Judges' Eoport in Department IH, class 213, Musical Instruments, &o.; : Grand Pianoforte exhibited by John:Brinsmead and Sons, London, First Degroo of Morit and Spooial Mention for improvement in action ; also, upright piano, oxhibitod by tho samo firm, First Degroo of morit. (Signed) Georgo Thorn ton, Chairman. Rev. Canon Smith is looturing in England on Now South Wales as a homo for English emigrants. It is rumored that Mrs. Groor loft tho Mel bourne hospital on Wodnesday, accompaniod by two gontlomon friends, but was obliged .to roturn to tho institution, owing to an attaok of hysteria, thereby attracting the attention of a large crowd. The Goulburn Rifles have dotorminod . to present tho colors of thoir company to Mr. F. B. L. Rossi, their formor commanding officor. The Globe Point tramway will be finished' in six months. Tho route will bo from Potty's Hotel, along York-street to Druitt-street,' thon into George-stroet, down Glebe Point-road. A socond lino of tramway will shortly be laid in Elizaboth-stroot, and tho necessary preparations aro now being proceeded with. Penny-stamped oavolopos aro procurable at the General Post-olfico on application, the price being 2s. 3d. per packet of 2d. On Thursday night, at Kiama, Mr. JameB Armstrong diod at tho age of 106. Whon about 00 yoars of age ho married a young wifo ; and up to a short timo boforo his death was a well known equestrian in tho district, boing soon almost ovory day in town on his black cob. Numbers of persons aro roturning from Tomora, and thoy report that sickness is very prevalent. The 'Temora Star' states that Mr. Joseph Leary is a candidate for the Murrumbidgee. A caravan was to loave GunnodaK this weok for Tomora loadod with passongors. East Sydney intends to placo Sir Honry Parkos at tho head of tho poll next olection. Evil-doers at Tomora aro chained to a troo. No lookup yot. TnE wool crop of this colony .last year was worth over six millions storling, whilo that of Victoria was only thrco millions. There is alroady submarine tolophonio com munication betwoon Mort's Dock, Balmain, and that company's city office. ? Some commission agonts are making a pilo at Tomora, dummying allotments and thou soiling thom at most exorbitant ratos. It is stated that Dotoctivo Acton, of Cook town, is on tho traok of tho gold box robbers. At present the robbors are shioldod ;by ciroum stances. '... - 1 The Minister for Publio' Instruction has dirootedthat in all publio, denbminational,- and provisional schools whoro fuol is required, ' tho same may be supplied during tho wintor months. The Molbourne ' Age ' understands that arrangements have been mado for tho first public performance of the Austrian band, now on its way to Molboumo, to take place at tho Floming ton racecourse on Saturday afternoon Octobor 9th. . The ' Ueelong Timos says:: — Wo can state upon authority that a gentloman well-known in Gcolong has made up his mind to invest twenty-thousand pounds in tho erection of a factory and plant in this town upon tho condi- j tion that Mr. Berry is oxpollcd from oilico. ' On Monday night a man was robbod at Sulli- ! van's Hotel, Narrandora, of a considerable amount by two ruffians, and while tho constable arrostod one of tho' tliiovos the other mado his ] oscapo with the principal part of tho booty. Indiguatiou is openly exprossed against tho j polieo authorities for leaving tho distriot in ohargo of ono solitary constablo (tho lockup koopor), thoro boing ovor a thousand mon employed in and about Nnn-andora. . j Judge Murray lias determined not to travol tlio Coonambki Circuit any move. Mr. P. J. ITealy, barristor-'at law, is mentioned as his pro bablo succossor. * I Tins colony imported last year 78,337 bushels of maize, and exported, principally to Yiotoria, 935,897 bushels, worth £114,100. A case camo boforo tho Narandora Police Court on Friday, tho 20th ultimo, which dis closes a disgracoful state of things. John Chinaman (says tho ' Argus ') has foundhis way to Narandora, whoro ho has sot up his Chinese camp, whioh is inhabited, as in all othor places, by tho vilest of tho vilo. John has succeedod in establishing on a firm footing his ideaB of civilisation. By somo moans or othor ho managed to doc oy a number of European girls, who profor tho society of tho hoathon Chinoso to thosoof thoir own nationality, and have imbibed that noxious habit of opium smoking, which they soem to relish with foolings of angelio dolight. Tho evidenco which was elicited on Friday last fully shows that such is tho case in this town, as ono witness tostifiod to tho fact that ho saw iu a room at the Chinoso camp two young girls, who wero suffering from tho offocts of tho fumes of opium, lying on a bunk in ono of those wrotchod hovels. It is statod on good authority, that largo sumB of money have arrivod in South. Australia by tho Bangalore for. invostmon t in that colony. ?Sub-Inspector O'Connor's bluck-trackers eX'pi'ct to receive £100:each as their share of the reward in connection with tho Glenrowan battlo. It is statod on good authority that somo of tho mombors of tho Borry Ministry ' whack ' their salarioa with certain outsiders. At Kilmoro railway station, Victoria, an apparition, resembling tho orthodox ghost, ap peared on soveral occasions, and has boon fired at sovoral timos without effect. The question of making the Attorney- General a pormanont officer is being discussod in Mel bourne. 