iERAMBULAT.TOR. The youth Conabeer has acknowledged all I said, notwithstanding his letter in your contemporary. But he has admitted more than I accused him of--he says he was paid for acting as secretary to the Oldham committee, and he delights in italicising the word paid. I can afford to pass over Mr. Conabeer's delicate allusion as to " impertinence" by telling the youth that inasmuch as he has, according to his own showing, made himself public property by' being the paid- secretary of Mr. Oldham. he is fair subject for newspaper comment. Had he not held the high position referred to, and no doubt performed the onerous duties creditably, I for one would have permitted him remain in his native obscurity. But if Mr. Conabeer was paid by Mr. Oldham, and that he represents Duffy & Wilkinson, was he drawing saccharine from the latter without informing them that he was em ployed and paicd at the 'same time by the former ?' I must say the young gentleman mentioned, in his anxiety to rush into print, has made his own position somewhat worse than ever I stated, although he may have relieved Mr. Duffy from the imputation that Mr. Duffy's " representative" hero acted with authority. Fancy Dozy talking about anybody bringing discredit upon anything and stating he himself could feel ashnamnci' of anything. Why, Dozy, if it were possible for a countenance composed of so much brass as you are possessed of to blush at anything. you would be so occupied that you could find time for nothing else than blushing, and that at your own meanness. Bah! Dozy blush, if he did it would not be the ordinary color, but a blush of in visible green under a skin as black as his pernicious mind. No, Dozy, you are not of the kind to foel ashamed for anything. Although I did once hear of a dog that died for shame 1 don't think Dozy belongs to the t canine order, or he must have succumbed a long ago, because ever since I knew him he o did several acts that would make any re spectable dog give up the ghost. Dozy, the Pig and Whistle, and the universal genius are fitting associates. I notice that the champion prize at the Wallan ploughing match was taken by Mr. Popple, of Moran-, Messrs. C. Crichton, R. Bassett, and V, M'Konzie taking second, third and fourth respectively. In class A. the four prizes were received in the order named by the following:-W. Maher, J. Pardy, T. Foley, and W. J. Lobb. In class B the following were prize-takers in the Sorder mentioned :-F. Williams, J. D. Bassett, J. Cashman and J. Liffey. T. M'Kendrick and F. Andrews took first and second prizes in the boy's class. The weather was fine on the occasion. A dinner, at O'Dwyer's Hotel, wound up the proceed ings. Not being so enlightened as Dozy I rarely break into poetry (?) but perhaps you will excuse me if I try my hand for once. It is entitled: THE BUES THAT DOZY GOT. Oh ! where, and oh where is gentle Dozy gone ? Oh! where, and oh where is gentle Dozy gone ? He's either gone to Murray's, to Sam's or to long John's, And he's in the blues with his Oldkam overthrown. He's either gone to Murray's, etc I'm afraid to go further, because I know the Free Press does not care for poetry (?) of this description. Indeed effusions of this kind I shall in future send to Dozy, who has a cultivated taste and thoroughly appreciates my efforts with the muses. I see. that a Melbourne daily journal, of the respectable and conservative class, last week administered your local contemporary a rebuke which he should profit by. The s Daily Teleg-raph has some sense of decency and does not approve of gutter language. 