THE ASSEMBLY. Fere Iibcntor homines id quod volant oredunt. — Fa>mento( Motnbors, If tho unemployed havo done nothing else, tbey havo served to excite muoh bickering ' concerning tbeir grievances, Tbe working mao, .eir, is a power here ob elsewhere, and be can do much towards making a politician a toady. He exhibited his power yesterday. Rut my comments should at least be in order, wbioh is more than some honorable membors' remarks were last night. Let us begin at the beginning. Mr Speaker— biesa his wig — turned up to time with bis customary punctuality. Only THIS time, it was the constitutional bour of haif.p&st; 4 o'ciook. Then tbe usunl quoation business came on. In tbe course of whicb it was elicited from Mr Berry that tbe case of Mr O'Leary had been printed and laid upon the table'. In vain did mv eager eyes inspect the various stationery articles and the mace. Mr O'Leary's case must be ol small oompass — I could not identify it. Has the gentleman been cremated 1 Then the unemployed speotre stalked into the Chamber and took command. . At firBt it was introduced by Mr Service, who reminded Mr Berry that he had promised a return of an " unauthorised expenditure of LSO.OOO upon the unemployed." Then the fencing commenced. Mr Berry, with his- usual art, turned the matter upside dawn. By George I the honorable gentleman would have made a good lawyer. Warren Hastings is said to have deolared that as be listened to Burke's denunciation of bis little bribery and corruption business he was' persuaded of the truth of the statements. Last night I experi enced a similar influence, as Mr Berry replied to Mr Service's question. However, let ne on. Mr Longmore got up like a parnchuto or a fishing rod, growing long more and more by joints, until he seemed to raise the roof. He draws himself out, this honorable gentleman, like a sword-stick, or one of those things they sweep chimneys with. HoweveF, this is his nwn business — let me keep to mine. Mr Longmore said that, without having given notice of bis intention, he wantod to ask the Minister of Railways a quoation; at whiob the Minister of Railways looked courteously interested. Then Mr Longmore began a speech upon the unemployed matter. He wanted to know whether tbe Minister for Railways would vivo the unemployed work on the Lanaefield Railway line ; that was what he wanted to know.. Then bo added, with Btentorian voiae, that farmers were selling their oats at one shilling and threepence per bushel. By Buce- pbaluB ! I'll keep a horse. I quite agree with Mr Longmoro that the unemployed movement ia a public scandal. But in whom or in what does it arise; in tbo unemployed themselves or "the times 2" Ail countries have their spasms of bad times, and all countries arq oppressed with a certain lazy and unthrifty class, whioh trades upon the (act. I own it honestly that I do not believe half that is talked about this uaemr ployed business. Since I turned Bcribbler I have) not done much in the manual labor line ; but I'll bet any of the unemployed a levol one- pound note that I can para thirty shillings per week within a score of miles from Melbourne, and "tbe boss" glad to get me. But if men perfer to loaf at atreet oornera rather than take a country walk— why then Bhould thoy grow) that poople do uot pay tbem for tbeir preference 2 But, dear me— here I am agaia, off the track, Tbe unemployed question, as I have eaid, waB treated by Mr Longmore. Mr Patterson, in answer to Mr Longmore's question, re marked that he believed in every word Mr Longmore had said — naturally enough. For, look you, the unemployed have a vote, Mr Patterson added that directly tho Lancefield Bill wae passed — which it ia— work would be provided for the speotre. Hers Mr FraBsr a-ked " In what way ?" and Mr Patterson res turned that the work would be "pieoe work," a bit of information which was applauded, as it deserved to be. The man who works by the piece never scamps or loiters over his work, oh never! — well — hardly ever. However, Mr Pattereon went on to observe that if the State were oalled upon to provide work for unemployed people (a most dangerous and commuuistio idea, I thiak), the wages should be limited to 3s per day— relief wages, in fact. A sound idea, sir, and I am glad to think that you will not pander to what has been made a political motive power. Of course Mr Bent had soiqetbing to say. "Theworklrg man" moves this Honorable gentleman like un electria baltery. The question of labor rights aid wrongs is pr ouliarly in Mr Bent's lino. Moreover, there was tho little war between him and my plump friend Mr Ltngridge: and of oouree Mr Bent must have what hetetms a "go in," Mr Bent spoke with tbe authority of one who had gone through the mill ; Mr Lnuridge answered with the calm dignity of one who was passing through the operation. It was beautiful to notice hiB lofty scorn of Mr Bent. It wns pleasiog to remark the indifference of its object. Well, gentlemen, Mr Service next spoke on tbe matter, With that hitch of hir shoulder, which, to my experienced perception, always indicates to me that Mr Ssrvios is more animated by the humor of tho subject than its gravity, the honorable gentleman eaid that Mr Pattersi n'a hint tbnt the unemployed question must bo " put down" reminded nlm of tbe threat of a certain Lord Mayor of London to putPdown suicide." (By tho way, Mr Charles Dickens must have appropriated this idea in his Chimes.) Mr Service went on to say that he quite concurred with the opinion that relief work onlyshouid be paid far at relief prices. Then be added that he had "inoulcated" this principle "in" Mr Bent. Mr Service, air, did you not mean " Imioculate?" I only ask for information ; hut if you go on in this way with your "small Latin and worse Greek," I Bhall be compelled to cut you. However, now the row (began, Mr Servioe seriously complained that Mr Berry hrid made most unjust statements in relation to tbe expenditure upon the unemployed ghost by the late Minister. Mr Servioe said that the amount so expended bad been of tho smallest — and here Mr Berry, somewhat npcthetically, cried out, "No." This, however, was enough to arouse Mr Servicg, who hitched his shgulder, and looked as much like an amiable crane preparing to dart upon a fisb as it is possible to conceive. The gabble went on. " You're anothei" was bandied from side to side. Air Berry ex plained that Mr Service's remarks touohing tbe statement whioh .had been made that LSO.OOO bad been spent by the late Govern ment upon relief works, were not to be inter preted as Mr ServicB interpreted them. Then Mr Berry said that the lata Government had increased the "salary "of tho spectre during election time, whioh was a quiet way of saying that the late Government had been guilty of bribery and corruption. Pehaw ! ae if the unemployed are to be bribed. Ask Mlroms, However, Mr Bent said right away that Mr Berry did not speak tbo truth. Mr Berry, who was wroth, retorted that no Government lied ever done anything whioh bora a closer resemblance to corruption than that whioh tho isle Government had been guilty of, bb ho hod stated; and Mr Servioe improvod upon Mr Bent by exclaiming that there was not a particle of truth in Mr Berry's assertion. The glass rose hece, Mr Berry (turned upon Dr Madden, and asked him if he could "deny it ;" and that gentleman instantly replied, " It is absolutely false. " Hereat Mr Berry, with a Luoifer sort of air, observed that if hiB charge was oot true, then hud Doctor Madden been sadly maligned, and Mr Servio», with the aspect of one of Fox'" martyrs, ejaculated, "And so have all of us.' There waslaughter here— somewhat intensi fied by the quizzical ti ns and look with whioh tho honorable member for Maldon made tbe complaint,. He is a quaint personage, and, I irl ')E'1 oan 'e" a Soofi after-dinner story. The badinags went on in no friendly spirit. 1 Mr Berry sard that many statemints affooting the political morality of the other aide had been cenied by that side, but that the denials CJUM ily be received " with a grain of Bait," This, I thought, was as neat a way of wrap, ping up " You're a liar " into a small parcel as one might conceive. Mr Service wanted to know whether he had dismissed " O'Leary," and for the moment Mr Berry was checked. But presently he answered that tbo honorable member had In that case done substantially that with whioh he had been obarged. Here Mr Berry snoke with " oheek, " and of course met with hiB roward, for the House laughbO. Finally Mr Berry wound up' with the oontemptuous " peroration," that if the House wasted its time in looking into the matter it would be found that no previous Government had "done so many irregular nots— to speak mildly." Mr Borry oan " sling," as they Bay in Amerioa, soma very nasty insinuations. However, this is inevitable. Billingsgate Is notorious. It was a ourious study to mark the visage of Mr Vale during this elegant matter, However, he had his chance. Mr Vale asserted that the purpose of tbe late Government in using .the unemployed matter At theloto elootion was deliberate, and conceived with tho objeot ol damaging political opponents. At this, so far as I could hear, Mr Gillloa ejaculated ironically, "How would that be pnssiblel whereat 'Mr Vale looked like an orange, and cried out that. the honorable member would sorn have little' troubles of his own. In the police oourt I have heard a gentleman confess that be had " boon in trouble" — but how poor Mr Gillies is to bs affected with little troubles is not clear of my comprehension. How ever, he told Mr Vale that he bad been guilty of on impertinence, and presently added that bo had been indecent. I listened eagerly, con vinced that in a few moments something stronger would bo said. I woe disappointed. Mr Laurens, who always reminds mo of tho man thst tbe eagle dropped a turtle upon, conjecturing that his bead was a rook, then said a few words. ' However, the diaousslon was wound up by Mr Gardiner, who hoped that the relief works at North Carlton wouid-not be stopped. Then everybody laughed; after wbioh Mr Gardiner wbb rewarded with applauso when he eaid that he considered the works essential to the electorate. Of course they are, Jack— go iu for " local requirements," and you will kick vour goal. _ The phylloxera vostatrix (a tooth-drawlng phrase) presently occupied tho attention of the House — its old enemy, Mr L. L. Smith, being the usher. He asked Mr Berry to take immediate steps to eradicate the peat ; and Mr O'Hoa did the like. Mr Berry remarked that he bad always taken a most lively interr J 1 n the matter. I should think so, Mr BV | . Let us keep our berries wholesome; eiBe where shall we get our wine and other inspirators. However, tbo matter - Is really most impor tant; and it is very welcome news that "the erodicatioh of the pest" iB to bo accomplished. At the same time one cannot but tbiok of tho Lord Mayor (referred to by Mr Servioe) who threatened to put down Buicide. The event now oame on. Mr Berry moved tbe second reading of the Payment of Mem bers Bill. Lord 1 how like wolves looked aome honorable members. Indeed, even in tbo galleries there were interested faces. Who knows, indeed, bow many washerwomen's aud tavfrrn bills do not depend for liquidation upon the prompt settlement of this burning question 1 The unemployed matter had just engaged the Houso ; now came the ques tion of paymont of tho people's representa tives. It was in fitting following. Of ceurse it was a foregono conclusion that the bill would pass its second reading. "The country" iB pledged to that, and very properly so ; for in this world ono must pay his ser vants—either in coin or dignity, and the former is more needed here than the latter. Still the arguments of those who proposed to modify our present system of remuneration deserve attention. It is impassible for me to say much upGn tbe discussion onthia question. But it is proper that I Bhould draw attention to Mr Murray Smith's wit. He said that hon members were much ' in the position of those servants who, while tho family wera put on short commons, enjoyed, them selves, double allowance of "nittles." Mr Nimuio was sonorous in hie support of the measure, aud his triumphaut attitude and manner, as ho aBked what had become of some of the late membors who had opposed it, was dramatic. It reminded me of the old prints of Napoleon crossing tho Alps. Ho is a grand gentleman, this Mr Nimmo. Mr Walter Madden said that ho considered the result syBtem would be the best— but then Mr Walter Madden spoke (as the American bumorUt eays) "sarcastio." Ho told us that in China the court physisian is only paid a Bolary bo long as the "Son of the moon and close relation to any other important con stellation" is kept in health. Directly Quihi falls sick, tho doctor's cheque ia re turned ae not provided for. This Bystem, Mr Madden contended, would work well iu rela tion to payment of members and tbe preven tion of deadlocks. Somothing like a groan arose ae thiB idea wnB propounded, and dis gust eat upon Mr Gardiner's " athletic " countenance. I don't think he would care to earn his sugar on these conditions. Sir CharlesM'Mahon (term sabrcur) Bpofce upon the question, and very sensibly too. He put the matter point blank. He Baid that those honor- able-members who had, in the past, acoepted tbeir " screws." could not well argue ngainst the system on the score of principle. Then he urgedthat it was impossiblo to control honorable members without paying them. Bless ub all ! — try to starve a menagerie ; you would Boon be destitute of a show. Even tbo monkeyB would revolt if you forgot to send them in their allowance of cocoanute. During Sir CharleB MacMahon's speech, he raid that bath the beads of the present and past Governments could endorse his state ment that it would be utterly impossible to control the Assembly without payment of members. Here Mr Soivice ejaculated, "Nol" and Sir Charles reminded him that had tbe measure been passed duriug his brief rule, he would not now bo in Opposition, A laugh of assent rewarded the irony, which wae intensi fied when the honorable gentleman added that neither could Mr Berry occupy his position if a grant for payment of members were not made. Then of course we saw through the chaff. But there were grains of wbent in it, whioh might well be Bifted. Sic Charles MacMahon made a speech of con tempt; but like the olaseic school (whiob was that of gentlemen) ho hit bard, Mr M'ICean followed. Confound my wicked and erratic thought— I was instantly reminded of the coarse joke of Lord Byron, when be iudnoed poor Grimaldl to eat soy with his apple-pie. I think that my renders will do ma the jus tice to think that it is impossible for one whose erratio ideas run away with him, und who is constantly impressed by some queer notion, to ' oommeut upon the whole performance. You know all about the passage of the bill. In it not "writ in choice Italian," in the morning papers. Let it suffice that the measure was committed ;. let it suffice that you have to pay your eervauts — look to it that tbey are worthy of their hire. In passing, I may say that Mr Gaunsen managed to indicate that he did not mean to give up his rights nnd privileges as a free nnd independent representative. He deolared that the small circumstance of his election to tbe post of Chairman of Com mittees, did not interfere (In effect) with bis right to do and say as his judgment directed him. Quite right, Mr Gauoson. Stick to thfc principle, and weshail have Mo Speaker whirling the inuce around honorable members' hendB, and the dignity of offioe shall be "up a tree." By George, David, you aro what tho larrlkinB torm "a nut." I fell asleep as Mr Nimmo moved some thing about bis bete noir, the Harbor Trust Aot Amendment Bill, and when I awoke there was silence in the Chamber. I was so paralysed by the oiroumstance that I rushed at ones from tho GALLERY. 