PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesiut, lSrn Mat. Tho Speaker took the chair at h-df-past four o'clock. tkk kt.hctioxb akd qualifications committee. The Si'KAKER again laid upon the table the war rant for the election of tho Elections and Quali fications Committee. cattle and sueep YARDS. Mr. SIIAKPE asked the Commissioner of Bail- ways if he would cause cattle and sheep yards to be erected at Euroa. Mr. GILLIES replied that at present there , was no monoy available for tho purpose indi cated by tho question. water supply. Mr. SIIARPI5 asked if tha Railway depart ment would supply water to the borough couucil of Wangaratta at 7d. per 1000 gallons, this beiug tho rato charged by the department to tho borough council of Echuca. Mr. GILLIES explained that at tho present time tho Railway department were supplying Wangaratta at a lass, nud they therefore could not accede to the request made. petition'. Mr. Andrews presented a petition from tho Geelong committee of tho United Temperance Society of Victoria, asking tho Assembly to take some steps to prevent publicans evading the law by selling liquor on tho Sabbath day. the tarrawikgf.e smtdgk channel. Mr. BOLTON askod tho Commissioner of Public Works if be would fulfil a promise of his predecessor in office by placing a sum of money on the estimates for the further carrying out of the work known as the Tavrawingco sludgo channel. Mr. BENT said there was no record in the de partment of tho promise indicated having been made. tiik census. Mr. HARPER asked tho Chief Secretary whether ho would Like stops to have a statis tical conference prior to the taking of the decen nial census, so as to secure uniformity in tho statistics of tho various colonies. Mr. RAMSAY said that tho census would bo taken next year, and arrangements would bo made to secure the uniformity desired. chairman of committee?. Mr. BURROWKS gave notice that when tho appointment of Chairman of Committees was being considered lie would move that Mr. Joseph Jonca bo appointed chairman. drainage of the sedastofol plateau. Mr. W. COLLARD SMITH asked tho Minister of Mines if the Government would undertake to introduco a bill for the drainage of the Sebasto- pol plateau during this session. ilr, CLARK stated that he had not bad time to consider the question. Mr. W. COLLARD SnTH stated that he would repeat the question that day week. electoral divisions. In reply to Mr. Bell, Mr. RAMSAY said that tho inequality of electoral divisions would pro bably be dealt with by a bill at tho latter end of the sessiou. forest ntLL." A Mr. BOSISTO .asked the Commissioner of Lands whether it was his intention to introducoa Forest Bill this session. jtr. DUFFY said that ho was afraid tho stato of public business would prevent tho introduc tion of tho bill this session. A royal commis sion would probably bo appointed to consider the matter. tftf model farm. Mr. BOLTON asked tho Commissioner of Lands if ho would, in times of need, allow the residente in tho ncighborhoood of the Dookic Model Farm to have acce?3 to the reservoir provided for the use of that establishment. Mr. DUFFY said he had referred the matter to the local land board, which would sit at Benalla on the 27th inst. tub tariff. Mr. TUCKER asked the Premier whether it was tho intention of the Government to revise the tariff this session. In doing so ho did not wish to embarrass tho Government in any way. If cer tain alterations were made, ho knew that soine largo manufactories would be established in Fitzroy, and he believed that loth free-traders and protectionists would agree to tho alterations. Mr. SERVICE said rhat the question was quite an unusual one, and was contrary to Parliamen tary pract ice. He would ask the hon. member to waft until the budget speech was delivered, when the whole proposal? of the Government would be placed bofore tho country. further expenditure. Mr. GILLIES laid upon the table an estimate of further expenditure proposed to be incurred under the Railway Loan Act. mining regulations. A report- on mining regulations was laid upon the table. tiik apdket'3 15 reply. Mr. MIILVMS said that hon. members who had addressed themselves to the question before him had not coutined themselves to tho matters dealt with in iue addre:-?. He therefore felt if ho followed their example he could not be charged with incecristcacy. One of tho matters urged upon the House by previous speakers was the political rowdyism of the lost Parliament. They had waxed eloquent upon the subject, and the hon. members for Geelong and North Gippsland had hoped that tho present Parliament would not bo disgraced by the political larrikiniam dis played in the last Parliament. He could under stand why the cry was raised because the Minis try wcrt reaping the effects of the political rowdyisv. which they had caused when sitting on the OppVition benches. If those behind the Ministry»vere honest in their strictures, tho Ministry lould not be in the position they occu pied at tlMprescnt day. Actions spoke louder than word and the actions of the rrcsent Min istry showH that they offered a premium to political kAkinisro. They had offered a pre mium to poWcal rowdyism by promoting the arch offender ii mydyisiu in lu« late r«iixhtiiiu!it to , a position iijjo Ministry- (Opposition cheers.) They had oiilli another gentleman a position for which ho uKrp receive £1000 per year, if he would only quiet. Ar.'i they had given the son of nnothe(fendcr a fat position in order to keep his fatll. quiet. What, therefore, could the country thgiof the professions and hopes ex- pressed by theTTmstcriaiisls, that therO would bo no political Iarlunisin— (cheers) — whc&thcMin-; LiUy had offered arremium foTalitirallarrikinism by recognising the political larrikins of last ses sion ? rhey need not fear political lamkinism from the side of the House ou which he sat. Such rowdyism would only come from the other side. With regard to what had been said by the hon. member for Belfast, he might say that he bad been a care ful observer of what had taken placo during the last general elections. Conferences had been held between that gentleman and his party, who sought to have the Education Act amended in accordance with their views. The result of tlie?o conferences he could not say, but there was no doubt that the party to which Sir John O'Sbanassy belonged were led to believe that the present Government would effect tho amendments in the act they desired. The Ministry, however, had thrown them over, and had bamboorlcd the party to which »8ir John belonged. The next point treated upm by hon. members was tho delay of the Ministry in meeting Par liament. lie was not going to weary the House with the constitutional aspect of tho question, but he could only say that, from a practical point of view, the Ministry had ad mitted their guilt. All that they could say in reply was — "What hann has it done?" They could not meet tho charge on its merits. Ho thought that a great deal of harm had been done. Hon. members on the Ministerial sido of tho House had told thcin during the election cam paign that if they were returned the reform ques tion would be settled in a month. The Ministry, however, delayed meeting Parliament for threo months, and they were responsible for that delay. During the interim they htid unjusti fiably dealt with tho land regulations, which had been framed by a Minister of tho Crown, and approved of by Parliament. The whole question involved in the rcj>eal of the Longmorc regulations was that these regulations which had received the approval of tho Houso were upset by tho Government without tho House being firet consulted in tha matter. This was one of the practical evils which had resulted from the delay in calling Farliamont together. And moreover tho gentlemen opposite, wuo called themselves Constitutionalist?, who were the law and order party, should have been the very last to have acted iu this manner. Why did fhey not follow the precedent e&Libb.-h;'Hl by Mr. Glad stone in 1374? They had been reM in 1874 tho Imtcrial Parliament had md. met pro formn, but it was a matter of record that tho House did meet and transacted buriuc&s.; If the House bad boon allowed to meet only for a day, .and then adjourned to allow Mr. Service nnd his colleagues time to frame their policy, all this evil would have been avoided ; but iustead of doing this, tho lion, membersoppo- itc prorogued tho House of their own accord, and without consulting tho House itself on the sub ject. He thought the Governor in accepting the advice of his new Ministers, and alsq, tho Ministers in giving that advice, bad acted un constitutionally in proroguing tho House before the new Government had inet Parliament. The address of tho Governor must have beon as disappointing to tho supporters of the present Government aa it was to the Opposition, bocanse none of the work which had been cut out lor the Govern ment by the journal which hud done much to call the Government into existence was alluded to in this address. In this journal the work that tbo Government had to do was cut out in this way : Reestablishing equilibrium in the public finances, redistribution of taxation, restoration of public credit, renewal of pnblic confidence, and en- couregemont of the industries of tho colony. But he asked, was there anything in the address indicating that the Government was going to do this work? in what way did tho Govern ment propose to re-establish the equilibrium of the public finances ? It .appeared to him that tho only way to do this was by increasing the value of the exports, and it was true that there sccined to bo a prospect of bringing about more or less temporarily this equilibrium, but not because of any action on the part of the Govern ment. Fortunately there was .an incrcaso in tho price of wool, and there would also be the bene- fits of tho exporting of frozen meat. There was also the fact that the colony was now beginning to feel the benefits of tho List loan uoated. The address did not promise anything on tho subject of a redistribution of taxation. And he asked what redistribution would satisfy the gen tleman who supported tho .4usfra/a.ttan news paper bnt an interference with the existing pro tective tariff? Tho House had been told that trade and public credit bad been restored by tbo present Government entering office, but he was not aware the national credit wanted restoring. But ho was aware of this fact, that tho A resand Australasian had done their best to damage the credit of the colony, in order to destroy the Liberal party, and especially Mr. Berry. Then they were told that public confidence had to be revived, but in what way? Tho hon. mem ber for Kormanby had said that the confidcnco of the civil service hud been restored, that they could now walk about and call their souls their own and feel that they were men ; but ho (Mr. Mirams) believed the true stale of affairs was that tho civil servants novor felt less con fidence than now, because they know that the Ministry would not long occupy their position. If the Government believed all they said atant Black Wednesday, then why did tho Government not act a magnani mous part, and say, The lato Government did wrong, but we will not follow in their footsteps ? The present Government, however, did tho samo thing, only in a worse way. (Hear, hoar. An hon. ruembor : Give an instance.) Well, tbcro was tho dismissal of Mr. Farrcll, tho Parlia mentary librarian. (Opposition cheers.) What had the Government- done to advance tho in terests of tho industrial classes? Were the indus trial classes benefited by the removal of the land regulations, so that every facility might be given to clear the selector off his laud and allow his holding to get into the hands of tho large land owners ? Mr. DUFFY : You know that is not true. Mr. MIRAMS : Why did the hon. member not answer tho case of the selector brought under his notice by the hon. member for Kara Kara? There was also tho case of the Yarra Bank sites. Tho Minister annulled tho sale of these sites on tbo last day. No doubt this was also done in the in terest of colonial industries. Ho hoped the in dustrial classes would appreciate theso efforts made on their behalf. As to tho question of reform, if the Ministry was sincere in its desire to see this question settled, and really believed that tho settlement would further tho prosperity of tho colony, why did they not throw up their office? at once, bocauso they must know that they had not the ghost of a cbanco to carry tho reform scheme pro pounded by the Premier? (Opposition cheers.) There were three members of tho Government pledged against this scheme, so far as it had seen the light nf day, ami threo other mem- bors sitting behind the Government were also pledged against it. It was a mere sham therefore on the part of the Government to say they could carry the Servico reform Bcheme. The' hon. member for Sandridge (Dr. Madden) had voted against ihc second reading of tho Norwegian schoine ; was he going to support it now ? Dr. MADDEN : I have seen the now Reform BUI and you have not. Mr. MIRAMS : Sufficient was known about the bill to enable the Houso to judge of its prin ciples. Messrs. Duffy, Young and Jones had also voted against the second reading of tho bill which embodied the Norwegian scheme. The hon. member for Portland (Mr. Wrixon), in a powerful speech, had also protested against that scheme, .and pointed out that a joint sit ting of the two Houses would be altogether de structive of the Lower House, excopt on rare occasions, when the majority in the Assembly was overwhelming. That hon. merabcrwouldsurelynot now support the Service scheme, which proposed te increase the voting power of the Council. With such records before them of tho votes and opinions of certain members of tho Government and its supporters, what possiblo chance was there of the new Reform Bill being passed? No ono know better than tho mem bers of Urn Ministry that it would only be wasting the time of the House to bring this bill for ward. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TUCKER thought tho address had been read with feelings of disappointment throughout the country. The Ministry had no hope of carrying a Reform Bill, and they were merely making a stalking horse of that bill, nnd using it .as a means to hold on to ol:icc. lie desired to see tho question settled, and did not wish to enter upon the present dUcnssion with any party feeling. There w.-u> a widespread impression in tho colony that the reform a heme of the Government was indirectly aimed at interfering with tho manhood suffrage of the colony. By giving certain powers to the Council thin result could be achieved. Any such attempt would be strongly opposed by him. Parliament had been daily threatened by the paper which represented the Government with dissolution. He was quito prepared for dissolu tion — (cheers and counter cheers) — but ho thought it a degradation to tho House that these threats should De made in inspired leading articles, "When amongst tho most stanch sup- porters of the Government were found the holders of largo estate?, he thought the acts of the Go vernment should bo closely watched, and the wholo proceedings of this Parliament regarded with the utmost suspicion. The Government got into office under a kind of false pretence ; tho House had already been told that twenty mem bers sitting on the other side of the JIouso owed their seats to the hon. member for Bc!fa5t. Sir JOHN O'SIlANASSY ; I did not say ?o. Mr. TUGKEll : Veil, then, the hon. member 6&id; bo had been inlluenti.il in the election of twenty members. If it were possible to obtain the information ho would abo like to know what amount of money had been lavished at the late elections in tccuring the return of certain candi dates. But he would as.surc the Government that on whatever pretence they gnt into office their acts would be closoly criticised. Since th® present Government had taken offico it was said that a certain amount of prosperity bad returned te the country, but if they referred to Hayter tho real cause h-r this improvement would bo found to be owing to the fact that S/iOO, 000 bushels more wheat were grown this year than laat, and that there had abo been a larger pro duction of wool. He should liko to know hnw much secret money was spent at the l.aci election iu distributing the newspa;;r called the Jifjornur, which was almoat a copy of the Argus. lie was Mire the Argus did not distribute the paper, for who ever knew the Argus io give anything away in this fashion? Then they bad that nice little coterie sitting in Collins-6trcet called the National Registration Society, which waa for the purpose of placing fagrp votctt upon the rolls, aud by so doing frus- trating the proper recording of the voire people". The Government, and the party \»uica fuppertei it, did not represent the countp% and he was Oi opinion that if a dissolution took place next day he would poll in the constituency which he represented 56G more votes than he received at the last election. He would certainly examine the Government proposals when they were pre sented. They had not been before tho country yet, which circumstance might probably be used as an argument in favor of a dissolution, but it an appeal was made to the electors, the answer would be one which would have the effort of re moving the Government from the Treasury benches, and possibly throwing some of thorn out of Parliament. There was one cardinal point in the proposals for reform, and that was the one in which an attempt was made to intro duce men into the Assembly who did not repre sent the people. Taxation was always based on representation, and it would never do to have members of the Upper House sitting in tho As sembly and giving a rote or opinion on any money bill which tho entire taxpayers would have to provide for. He recognised tho r®scnt state of affairs to bo Tcrv momentous, and ho hoped that tho Government would surprise tho House by introducing a bill which would be ac ceptable to the country generally. Mr. WALKER considered that any allusion to the Its former would not be iust unless mention was made of a paper called the Electors Guide, which had been issued during tho elections, and which was written in a manner intended to mis lead. He denied completely that there was any truth in the assertion that a number of mem- licrs on the Ministerial side of tho Houso had been returned through the influence of the hon. member lor Belfast. He would ask anyone to mention an hou. member who was so returned. He could have obtained the support of the party of that hon. member if he coilld have accepted it honorably, and without an in fringement of principle, but he could not do so, ami therefore ho did not rccoivc it. That par ticular vote was not given exclusively for ono party, as was evidenced by tho fact that at Maiden the Premier was bittcriy op posed by that section, the support not being given to him because the voters knew thc-ro was not the slightest chance of their obaining fromfc him that which they wanted. If tho argument of the hon. member forCoIliugwood (Mr. Mirams), that all hon. members who voted against tho Norwegian scheme in the past should also oppose the Government proposals lor reform was a good one, it should bo accepted to# apply to those who supported Mr. Francis's bill who were now sitting in tho Opposition. If the hon. member could prefer no other chargo against the Government with reference to tho appointments it bad made than tho' Selection of the son of Mr. MTntyro for the position of secretary to the Judicature Commission, it was ft very slight reply indeed to tbo accusations macto against the lato Government. Mr. M'IntjTe, jun., it was known, was a gentleman i>ossessinf great attainments, and he was eminently suited for the position ; but tho charge against tho last Ministry was that it apjK»intcd officers who were not fitted to perform tho duties which wcro allotted to them. Mr. MINTYRE : Yes, the appoiutment of Mr. Mirams's brother, who hail to got some ono to assist him in doing tho work. Air. FIXOHAM: The question is, wore they political appointments? Mr. WALKER : Mr. Pearson had eaid that Mr. Farrcll was not suited for the position to which he was appointed— (No, no) — or rather that bo was surprised when he heard he had obtaincil it, which amounted to the same thing. Returning to the Catholic question, he would ask, was it not notorious that the late Premier in 1S77 ob tained the Tote of that denomination? (Mr. Berry: No.) It was asserted orcr nnd over again that ho gained its Bupport by the promise to m.ako an amendment in tho Education Act. He (Mr. Walker) did not think that any Parliament was in so favorable a position for tho consideration of the question of reform as the present one was, as they had Iutoly had unmistakable indications of the opinion of the electors upon tho subject. They had declared most emphatically that tho country should be governed by two Houses and not one, and that the expenditure of tho revenue should not be entrusted to ono House without any check. The schemo of the present Premier met with tho appro vai of tho electors, in fact it was the only one which was definitely bofore tho country, 1 that of the lato Government having been so many times altered. So far as tho complaint against the working of tho Electoral Act was concerned, it could be answered that it was the same act under which the elections of 1S77 took place, and it might bo if the question was submitted that ho would 1k> prepared to support & proposal for tho abolition of plural voting. Ho was surprised at the attiiudo assumed by tho hon. member for Belfast, whom he respected as a politician who had enjoyed q lengthened career, and had earned a reputation for straightforwardness which was unblemished ; but if ho made uso of his talents in order to overturn Govern ment after Government in the endeavor to obtain that whjch was unattainable, he would be taking a coureo which would not add to that reputation, and which would certainly not'bo appreciated by the pooplo of tho colony. Ho Mr. Walker) approved of the proposal to estab lish a railway board, and would be pleased if some means were adopted whereby the patronage for tho civil scrvico would not be continued in the hands of the Ministers. In conclusion, ho asked tb.it there should he an abandonment of misrepresentation, and that tho Government should bo allowed that fair trial which tho country was disposed to givo it. Mr. PEARSON desired to assure the Honse, in correction of the hon. member who hud just spoken, that he had given no opinion whatever as to Mr. Farreil's appointment, of which ho knew nothing until it was a fact. Mr. BARK said that tho House might very well 1>Q congratulated upon tho tone of the debate, but lie was very sorry to remark thut a great deal had been said about very little. (Hear; hear. ) There was an old saying, that anything now was not true, and the adae applied with pretty good force to tho address. For onco ho heartily joined with others who had spoken in thanking his Excellency for giving so much informa tion, of which ho had, however, been already seized. He wus surprised that tho ad dress contained not a word about an alteration of tho tariff, or that no allusion had been made to any of tho taxes which had preyed so heavily upon tho people. It was also curious that nothing had been said about tho dreadful deficiency about which the country had heard so much. Ho had to congratulate the Houso on tho precedent laid down by tho lato Ministry If ever any Miuistry deserved credit it was that one, for tho way they wont out of office. Tho last Govern ment had often boon alluded to as a Ministry of patronage, but inasmuch as tho present one was formed of enough legal gentlemen to fill the va cancies caused- by a wholesale resignation of judges, it might very well bo called "Tho lawyers' Ministry." With regard to tho reform scheme, ho (Mr. Barr) wits glad to hear that it was of such a character as would be acceptable to tho country. It had been spoken of as ono which would pleas® tho Upper House, but ho was now rather inclined to fear that it would never reach that chamber. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, ho (Mr. Barr) stated that it was owing to plural voting that the present Ministry were now in offico. \ oting of this character was now extending in such alarming directions as to render it necessary to deal with tho subject in some way or tho othor. in souio cases a single man had as many as twenty votes, and it was known that more than ono voto had been exer cised by tho same elector in the same consti tuency. Mr. SHARP : That can't he. Nq person can vote twice for tbo same constituency. Mr. BARR was aware of that fact, but for all that it was done, and done illegally. Tho hon. member for Richmond (Mr. Walker) in referring to the i>o.dtioii occupied by the Liberals at home, stated that he would bo very glad te follow tho lend of such men an Gladstone and Bright. IIo (Mr. lkirr) was glad to hear that, and ho would draw his attention to sornb words uttered by Mr. Bright, to tho effect that they ought to resent any attempt to tako from the Houso of Commons tbo uncontrolled management of the finance and taxation of tho country. (Hear, hear.) Before sitting down ho had to stato that lie had not Liken part in any of the beetles which had occurred in tho last session, and he heartily joined in tho wish that the rowdyism that had disgraced tho last Parlia ment would not he repeated by this. Mr. MADDEN asked the indulgence c»f the liouscwhilst uiakingafow plain, practical rcmurks in support of the motion. He would not trespass with any arguments upefe the question of consti tutional law that had been raised by tbo debate, but would announce ltifi intention of giving tho Servico Government ft hearty and loyal support. He hoj>cd that tho measures to be submitted by them would bo supported and dealt with in a fair and busincss-liko way; and after receiving & proj-cr amount of discussion they ought to bo allowed to become law without any unnc- ee.-.s:uy delay. Reform of tho constitution was- necessary. The last appeal to tho country bad declared it so, and at the same timo had also shown that it was a moderate s rhemo that was required. If the Servi-v: < vcrunent succeeded in passing snch a incasur; :!«.> would deserve tho thanks of the whole colony. A mining on private property bill w.is wasted greatly, and he trusted a measure of that character would be passed during the present scsqion. There was now a re vival in tho mining industry, and if a bill were passed employment would be afforded to numbers of persons. In fact a mining on private pro perty b»U was in his opinion the only practical solution of tho unemployed difficulty. An aincDileJ laid act would o! course be necessary, and ho had no doubt that a satisfactory bill upon the subject would be submitted by the Government. The iddIIco country would have to Le dealt with specially. At present it was only a sink for capital, and a breeding placo for rabbits, which would soon overrun the whole country. It was not fair to ask men te take up such country on the same terms as were afforded to those in possession of more open selec tions, and unless some encouragement was piv«.n te those at present iu occupa tion there, and to thane who intended iu .-c-it'e. the whole country woSM be given over to the rabbits and dogs which now infeat it. For the northern districts railway communication and water tupply were want!, and he had no doubt those matters would bo taken in band. It the present Government conducted all their buri- ncs in an economical and moderate spirit, ho was uro they would have a long and useful career. Mr. LYKLLeaid that under orain- yrircum- Ftanccs bo would not bavo troubled tbo House- w'itii any rcniard?, i-u- »«.» had aa opportunity during the last gencnu election of expressing hi? sentiments upon political subjects he might very veil be pardoned if he took advantage of the present occasion to do ao. Ho only desired to tmch upon the position taken up by the hon. mem ber for Belfast, and then to refer to the legislation shadowed in the address itself. iho late Government deserved a word of commend ation for tho prompt manner in which they resigned office, for it showed that tber re spected and yielded at once to the verdict ot the country, Undcrthcsccirccmstxncrtj, there fore, they deserved a word of commendation, and however much ho had opposed them in the post, ho would say that no act did tlicm so much credit as that connected with their resignation. The hon. member fcr Belfast, in stating that under no circnmstancos would ho approve of tho Nor wegian system of reform, had made a mistake, because he had not gone further by suggesting a practical method by which the reform which tho country had declared necessary' could bo carried, out. When ho saw that their plan was untenable. And that tbo country would not bo satisfied with the Berry re form bill, ho should have suggested to the Oppo sition some other scheme ot reform ; and it was a matter for regret that the hon. member had not done so. Ho should hare made some practical suggestion, with a view of settling the question. That House had been dissolved more than anything else upon tho Reform Bill, and he (Mr. Lycll) would say that the country, a very careful deliberation, had expressed a ver dict to thq effect that a change of government was necessary to carry out tho reform scheme, and whether Mr. Service was in that Govern ment or was not, the hon. member for Belfast, it he was earnest in the welfare of the colony, should not now do anything that would throw the country back in tho settlement of the reform qncution. His (Sir John's) object was evidently for the pur pose of showing that they were a divided instead of a united party, and when he had leisure to think over tho question he would say that- no onght to give them his support. He (Mr. Lyell) would venture to say that there were some mem- Ivors in tbo House who sympathised with tho hon. gentleman on tho Education question, and ho (Mr. Lycll) did not say that ho him self was not ono ot those who snapAlhiscd with hira to a certain extent. The attempt, however, of tho party to which he had referred ought to ho allowed to rest, for until come change of pnblio opinion took place they could ncvor accomplish what they wanted. Their l>cst friends were thoso who advised them te wait. He regretted, that the press had already begun complicating matters by anticipating the action of hon. mem bers, and throwing out hints of dissolution. It would have been better, ho thought, to havo allowed the House to settle down to tho business of tho country before taking that step. Mr. DAVIES said he could not allow this op portunity te pass without protesting at what ho considered tho unconstitutional postponement of tho opening of Parliament on tho part of tho Go vernment. His constituency had been debarred of its right of representation for nearly throe months, and the arguments raised by tho Ministry in sup port of their conduct wcro no answer ut all. They should hare mot Parliament at once, and Ascertained whether they had the confidence of the majority of the House. When the hon, members now sitting behind tho Ministry wcro in Opposition, they did not prac tice the moderation which they now preached. Some of tho members not only boliavod in a dis- : graceful manner in tho House, but when their arguments failed them they did not hesitate to toko up secrets in tho private characters ot their opponents. Ho hoped such conduct would not bo repeated by! hon. members of the present Houso, and that when tho supporters of the present Government nt a future date Again sat in Opposition thoy would not then forget to exercise tho samo moderation against their political opponent# which they; now preached. Mr. BOLTON said ho did not wibh to prolong tho debate, which bo hoped would be closed to night in onler that the Houso might proceed with the consideration of practical legislation, but ho desired te inako a few remarks on some of tho subjects discussed. He thought that the proper timo to discuss thoso measures , to which reference had been mado iu tho address was not now, but when tho measures themselves were before the House. He regarded the present as a most critical period in the history ol tho colony. Tho country demanded legislation on several important subjects, notalrip in regard to the land system. Ho hoped there would not bo any logislation for class, but that whatever tho Houso was asked to consider would bo for tho interest and welfare of the wholo community. Mr. LONGMORE thought that a great, deal of this discussion could have been avoided it tho Gorernmont hd followed tho procmlont es tablished for somo timo and mot tho Houso immediately after tho general election. But tbo members of tho Government allowed them selves to bo guided by motives which were ut terly unworthy of thorn. IIo did not know of any reason why thoy postponed tho mooting of Parliament excepting it was to hare the extra ordinary trinmph of fixing on tho 11th May. Mr. GILLIES : That was not tho reason. Mr. LONGMORE : Well thon, it was a strango coincidence. If tho new 'Joreromcnt had met Parliament on the day when it wa# originally called together none of tho very dmgrecablo criticisms uttered during tho presont debate would havo been called forth. Mr. GILLIES : There is no foundation for tho /criticism. Mr. LONGMORE : Not a solitary argument .used in favor of tho delay was worth tho breath expended. If tho Government was justified in delaying te meat Farliamont for two months they might just as well havo made tho delay longer; and such a course was calculated to do nothing else but bring rcsjjonsiblc government into discredit. Mr. GILLIES ; Wo did not innko the pre cedent There arc dozens of other similar cases. Mr. LONGMORE : It was never dono before after n goneral election. (Hear, hear.) There was also a singular difference existing amongst hon. members sitting behind tno Minis try. The hon. member for Belfast, for instance, claimed to have been influential iu getting twenty seats for tho Ministerial bonches. (An hon. member : Wo do not bclicvo that.) Ho did bclicvo tt, and wiw fully nwnrc of the influence which could bo exorcised by tho hon. member for Belfast over tlio Government. Sir JOHN O'SIlANASSY : Thoy nro all Catho lics in the Government. (Laughter.) Mr. LONGMORE : The conntry had not at tho lato election gone unmistakably against tho policy of tho late Oovcrnmont, but tho education ques tion was made an clement te gain the support of that party for tho present Government. Mr. BERRY : And it will be a whito elephant to them. Mr. LONGMORE : As they had now such a good Government, ho thought they ought to rest satisfied. (Ironical cheers.) They had eno of the holiest men in the community at tbo head of the Government, for tho Premier had, at tho Goclong banquet, said he thanked God that the constituencies had got rid of tho Berry Govern ment ; and so much was the new Government in favor, that the member for Warrnambool offered it bia service?, without money or placo aa a reward. (Laughter.) It really almost mado him weep for joy— (laughter)— that the country had now a Ministry which num bered amongst its members thoso who were pre pared to "fight tho pood fight" But there was ulso a very heavy phalanx behind, which helped the Conservative party to gain a victory. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY : Hear, hear. Keep to that line. Mr. LONGMORE : The Chief Secretary had gushed very much on a recent occasion at Hamil ton, when he told tho rcoplo that tho present Ministry did not want office, but tlmt it was a universally expressed opinion in tho country that there should l>c a change of Government. Tho Chiof Secretary said ho would gladly havo re mained in tho Houso as a private member— (laughter)— and yet the hon. member was always found in the front. Mr. RAMSAY ; I refu.se. I on several occa sions to tako office. You asked mo to join tho Duffy Government, but I refused. Mr. LONGMOllE : Tho hon. member is not likely to have the offer mado to him again. IIo was not fo much known then aa now, Mr. YALE : Ho was looking round for a party. .Mr. RAMRAY : I have held offico without pay, which is more than you did. Mr. LONGMORE hoped that the country would realise nil that was expected of the present Go vernment. l'ho Minister of Lands had also boasted soon after taking office that this was tha first timo that tho son of a former Minis ter of Iho Crown had takon office ; but tho action which the sou had taken scarcely snpixrrtcd the credit of the father, fa 1862 bo (Mr. Longraoro) defended tho then Minister of Lands (Mr. Duffy) in tho pad tion which ho had taken up regarding tbo question of dummyisin ; but no fiooocr did the present Minister got into offico than ho cut the ground from under his own feet by Liking out of his hands tho power of dealing with land. This ho did by abolishing the land regulations, which were ne cessary, bocauso a largo number of reports were scut to iho department by officers about dummy selection?, although all these cases could not be proved. In nearly every one of these cases it was found that the land selected by tho dummies was transferred at tho end of three years. Tho regulations g.avo the Minis ter the power of dealing with such coses and stopping theso transfers. Mr. UAUNSON : It was a power which you exorcised Illegally. Mr. LONGMORE : The act empowered him to do so. Of couree it wax well known that now iho land would go wholesale into the hands of largo owners and capitalist.?. Mr. M'lNTYKK: Whydon't you throlllo them? (Laughter.) Mr. LONGMORE : That exclamation wazeqnal to the intelligence usually .shown by tho hon. member. The Miuislcrof Lands had also thought it advisable te rc-opcn the Kcrrixdale run inquiry, though ho (Mr. Longrnore) had disposed of the subject somo time before. It was found, how ever, that (lumtuybiu had been practised, and iho run iuu.it uo forfeited : but not to inconvenience tim leaseholder ho would not be asked to uivo up x«o.-&es8ion; until tho Ut of June. With Kticii consideration shown it was not to be wondered at that dilmmyi?m should flourish. Tho hon. member (Mr. Duffy) was a rigid Liberal in principles, but he had now given, himself over body and soul to wrve the large landed proprietors and capi talists. % Mr. DUFFY : That? not true. t Mr. LONGMORE : Under the her. member? regime there were te be no more iiwmrue ex cept- in a law court into dummyisni. but he ( Air. Lmgrnoro) predicted that very little would bo done by the present Minister to put down dummyism. A groat deal had beon snid as to the d;stni?sas on Black Wednesday, but what had the new Govern ment done for the .victim? ? Sir JOHN O'SIlANASSY : Restored two men to office, and loft the others out in the add. Mr. LONGMORE could tell hon. members something about one of those two gentlemen— Mr. Gordon. While he was engineer ot the water supply ho kept tho Cobban 10 or L» tret below what was supposed to be the point on tno embankment which should bo reached, and tho result would have been, had that state of affairs been continued, that the people of Custlemafoo and Sandhurst w#nM not hare got any water for months after they did. Immediately after his dismissal Major Conchman and the Minister in structed that the level should be raised, and the water was supplied months before it would have reached thoso towns had Mr. Gordon's advice been followed. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY : But you did not dismiss him bocauso of that, Mr. LONGMORE : It shews what an engineer he was. Tho dismissals were made because tio Upper H#nso reduced supplies. The House had been crying out for retrenchment, and that op portunity was token to carry out that wish. ax Hoy. Mcxbkr : Yon added to the expendi ture. Mr. LONGMORE was satisfied that any one who had been in office knew how difficult it was fcto dismiss even a laborer, and it would be found that whenever a vacancy occurred, and a man was known to bo in search of employment, he was reinstated. Mr. Gordon was a very great incubus on the country, and could not be got rid ot. Another appointment which had been inade by tho Ministry was that of Mr. Thomas lligin- botham, Engineor-iu -Chief, but two men bad to be dismissed to find room for him. (No, no.) Those mon had carried on cheap railway? ; had made them cheaply, and yet they who were the brains of tho department wcro dismissed. On tho other hand Mr. Higinbotham, who was a mast honest man, was ono of the builders of the railways which cost the colony JL'SS.000 per mile ; ho resisted the construction of cheap railways for years, nnd he had stopper! tho extension of railway communication for twenty years bccahse the colqny could not possibly enter into debt suf ficiently to enable the costly works which ho re commended to bo carried out, .Mr. BENT : Ho bared the country from the narrow gauge. Mr. LbXGMORF. thought that if auy provision could be roadofor Mr. Higinbotham, who, as ho had said, was an honest man, but not a good en gineer, as his notions were thoao of forty .rears ago, outsido the colony, tho £4000 or £5000 which would bo required to procure it would bo tho cheapest expenditure which could bo in curred. Only two of the highly paid officers had been reinstated, and the real difference lietwcen the actions of tho late Government nnd tho pre sent ono were that tho former dismissed tho officers without notice, whilst the latter gave thorn a month's notice. Iu the Lands department Mr. Archer was dismissed. Ho received hU compensation, amounting to £2100, and tbo business of tho country was transacted quite as efficiently without him as it was when ho was in office. There wore othor acts of tho Minis ter of Lands to which ho would refer nt tho proper timo. Ifo had reinstated others who lind been found to havo conspired against tho depart ment, and to have been engaged in dummying. Nr. DUFFY : No, no. Mr. LONGMORE could prove that Mr. Byron Moore had conspired with his brother to keep land back until it could be sold. Mr. DUFFY : Ho has not been taken back to the department. Have you any spies there ? Mr. LONGMORE had no spies other than tho announcements in the nowspapor pressj aud ho knew of certain acts of the Minister which wcro not such as to redound to his credit or- satisfac tory to tho colony. Mr. GILLIES agreed with tha previous spcakeis that it would be extremely unfortunate for tho colony if any Government were enabled to lay down what might bo considered a dangerous practice— what he thought an unconstitutional practice — of delaying tho mooting of Parliament, instead of calling it together at the proper time. Bnt not one of the lion, mctnbor who had ad dressed tho Houso on the subject of tho post ponement of tho meeting of Parliament had de nied that tho Government had under tho 2Sth Section of tho Constitution Act, a legal aud con stitutional right to do so, Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY : I do, for one. It is unconstitutional. Mr. GILLIE4S said that in iho press and Uuv- sarxl, at any rate, the hon. member was not reported a? having Mid fa. Rir JOHN O'SIlANASSY roso to a point ot order. Mr. GILLIES contended that there was no point of order. Sir JOHN O'SIlANASSY ; Take your scat, sir, cockey as you arc. . Mr. GILLIES : I will not sit down. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY : Take your seat. Mr. GILLIES : I decline to toko my sent, Mr. Speaker, if askod in such a rude tnannor. Tho SPEAKER : The hon. member mnst sit down. What is the point of order? Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY 6aid his point of onlor was that when an hon. rocmbor asserts something concerning another hon. member, which that hon. member denied, he had no right to reiterate the statement. Tire SPEAKER understood tho hon. member (Mr. Gillies) to nay that ho was quoting from a published statement in JIananl% not that ho was contradicting what tho Lou. member had denied Air. GILIJES said that after all the question was simply whether or not the Governor, under tbo 28th section of tho Constitution Act, hrul authority to van' tho timo for the meeting of Par liament ns he had dono, and ho would contend that ho had a perfectly legal right to do so. Mr. GAUNSON : Was it exorcised in accotdanco with usago ? Mr. GILLIES was prepared to show that not only wus it a proper cxerciso of power, and a logal and constitutional practice, but that it was in accordance with tho practice of tho English Parliament on many occasions. IIo would rcfor lion, members to the records of tho Houso of Commons for the year 1SG5-6. There would bo found an instanco in which it was considered necessary after a goneral election to proroguo Parliament from tho date on which it wiw sum moned by tho Crown in tho proclamation dis solving tho previously oxfsting llousc. Mr. BERRY : When there was a chango of Government. Mr. GILLIES would touch on that point at a later stage. Tho proclamation dissolving Par liament was dated tho 0th July, 1805, and tho Houso was io meet again on the I5th August. It was prorogued . from that day by commission without the swearing in of tho members or tho election of Fpcakcr till the 1st November ; then till th" 23rd November ; then till tho 23th De cember, and finally till tho 1st February, when it raetforthodospatch of business. That proved that Parliament might be prorogued from tiuto to timo before tho cloctiou of a Speaker. It wah contended that Parliament should havo met 011 tho 0(k March, iu order that it could bo scon whothor or not tho now Government possessed (ho coufl- dcnco of Parliament. Sur JOHN O'SHANASSY : That is according to Todd, tbo proper authority. Mr. GILLIES : What was to bo gninodby it? Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY : That is begging tho question. Mr. GILLIES appealed against tho frequent interruptions of the hon. member. Ho could not uudcretand his reasons for acting an ho did. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY ; To set you right. Mr. GILLIES was net prepared to admit that tho hon. mcml>or bad the ability to do so. Mr. GAUNSON : Cook-a-doodle-doo. Mr. GILLIES ; Not one member bad contended that tho Government could havo gono on with tho business had Parliament been mot on that day, and therefore he could not understand what practical good could havo been attained. They had tho precedont of Mr. Gladstone's act in 3808 to guido thorn. That hon. gentleman, having been called in to lake offico after a general election and tho defeat of tho Disraeli Government, decided to rail tho Houso together solely l>ocauso it was desirphlo to have tho writs issued to enuhJo him nnd his col leagues to go hack to thoir constituents. If tlio jwwer existed in llngland which tho Government contended was in forco in Victoria— namely, for the Governor to issuo writs for vacancies occurring after tho election and before the meeting of Parliament, Mr. Gladstone would not have had any necessity to call Parliament together until ho was prepared to transact business. The commissioners on the opening of tho Parliament expressed tho Quccu's pleasure that tho I'ariintnent should id cot to enablo the writs to bo issued. Sir JOHN O'SHANASSY: That controls tho wholo case. Mr. GILLIES could cite other cases io which it was allowed that during a recess a Government might afHUino office upon the resignation of another, without meeting Parliament for months afterwards, notably in the case of Mr. Percival, in 1801', and ono instance— that of Sir Robert Peel's, in 1S34— in which a Govern ment coming into offico during a reccx, did not meet Parliament at all, hut dis solved if, and appeared before tho next. There was no constitutional obligation for the Ministry to meet Parliament at once. In 1871 the he:i. member for Grant had moved a re-solntion in the landing Orders Committee to the effert that the Governor had no authority to issue write after a general election excepting in the absence of the Speaker, but he was the «n!y one of that .committee who supported it. That showed clearly that tho rest of tbc committee be lieved in hi.) authority to do so, and fo for as ho (Mr. Gillies) could sec tliCro was no possibility of any differenren of opinion to the contrary exist ing. With regard to the argument raised to tho efloct that petitioner:) had been debarred of their right to present petitions, which ho denied, ho challenged any member to point out a ffingio instance where, under similar circumstance?, tho Speaker or the Governor had ever waited | until the time allowed for tho presentation of pe titions had elapsed before issuing too writs. Tho i whole argument, bcrd, had been raised ;is to secure the election to the Speaker's chair of tho choice of the Opposition, and if they had suc ceeded in that election nothing would have been he.i rd nf !l>< u n 0 L i 1 u t i o r. a ! proceedings cf tho Government. Jt was rather curious thai h ehoald havo hit uj>cn a ca?e which occurred in Canada only recently and which was on "all fours" with this one. In L87S thu M'Kenrio Government weto in scoffioa. Parliament was prorogued on 30th May to 29tn' >'. JuB t S.n farjher prororucd to 7th Scatczn-.. i ber/ But on the 7th August it was diwslved TV with the M'Kcnsic Government in office, Write dated 17th August, returnable lor tho 2Tst Xovemlter, were issued, and after tlio general elevtion the Govern ment resigned, and Sir J. A. M'Ponald took office. Writs were tesned for new Ministers oft the 0th November, and Parliament wnsxftor that prorogued from time to time until tho JSth' February. IW. when the new Government met tor the first timeforxhe despatch of business and- the election of a Speaker. I fare was a elrtur proof to show that there was nothing unconstitu-" t tonal fa the conduct of the Government, and lift Ivqvd therefore the House hud heard tlio last cat that subject. Mr. GRAVES wished to offer a few words personal explanation. In the l.vst Parliament, » few cht> s previous to its dissolution, it was geffisv ally understood th.'it he was alvout to present' himself to hi? constituents for rc-elcction. Bu H alter tho extraordinary litter which the bon.' member for Collingwood (Mr. Mirams) had sent to a candidate who w.> o'lerod tho seat for Dela- tite, ho was really amazed to find himself in tha ifauso again. Since his return there htul been some comments in tho prc.-s as to the po-diion he took up in the House.; When he went before his constituents at tins la?t general election be reiterated tha pledges which he had given when he first entered Parliament, but he was tol l that, having voted against the third reading of the Reform Bill in troduced by the hue Government, he was now bound to take his so.it behind tho present Go vernment, iie entered tho House aa r.n inde pendent Liberal, and had never been a follower directly or indirectly, of Mr. Service for many rea sons, and he did not think he had been returned to the llom?eundcrawy false pretence. (Hear, hear.) When ho saw in the Argus before the cleotitoi that he was in- duded among tho Opposition can didates, ho wrote to the editor of that journal and asked that ho should bo indicated ns inde pendent, inasmuch us he had not allied hiniselt to any party, and had always vecupied a below the gangway, adding that ho would havo joined the Comer jv.rty had he had utifficiunt confidence in ono of it? lenders. Ho desired tho House to thoroughly understand the position ho occupied in it. Ht? was ignorant of tlio reform' proposals of the pro.-, nt Ministry, othcrwiso than what ho had gleaned from the speech of tha Premier :«t MaMott : but if they wcro iti accordance with the opinions he had expressed at tho election ho wnuld five thou u cordial support. On the occasion ot hia first candidature he h:ul opposed tha Norwegian scheme us well a# the plebiscite, and he had voted in tuvnrdanc® with that view. Ho did not know whether or not the Norwegian scheme introduced by Mr. Francis wan tho same r.s that indicated by tho prcscut Ministry, but if it whs ho thought it wj«r unconstitutional. He disagreed with tho Longr more regulations when first they were brought? boforo the House; ho had seconded the motion of tho hon. member for Kara Kara for tbclr re peal, but had reluctantly withdrawn from that position when that hen. member declined Li proceed with his resolution. Ho hail afterwards voted against them, anu while hu would not for ono moment say that ho did not" approve of their abolition, hn would condemn in the strongest manner his bund le voice would nllow. tho manner in which it w«« done. Ho con sidered it to he an unconstitutional net, and un fair, inasmuch as thu regulations wove endorsed by tho Hon?-, ami they should not havo been repealed without the assent of tho chamber. .Sum? timo before some regu lation? came into operation defining that the rcsidunro of the Iwew should be within fivo miles of tho Hud of which ho had possession, and tlio then Commbsiouer of faunls (Mr. Casey) decided that- os tin House had given its assent to a bill in which that diUnnec was fixed, ho wjh ju-tilitftl in carrying out the law under t he regulations and ho did so. The m xt matter to which ho would rcfoi was the failure of the Government to cull Parlia ment together. He h;ul heard nil tho uddrt-?KO delivered on the subject, and ko far us his judg ment enabled him to form tin opinion, ho cou nt de rod that tho Ministry had acted strictly within tho law, but 'quito unconstitutionally, and ho was Hutiftficd that tho country would not endorse its action in that r .'.qvect and with regard to tho Longmorc regulations. With refortneo td certain re-appointment? and dtomts-sals which had token place, ho apprehended that when thoy cam# on for discus-ion, one of the mo.-t ronmrkabls would bo found to be tho ea.se of the engineer o! coufttruction in the Railway department. When this was thoroughly understood bo ventured tu ASHcrt it would be quito as distasteful to tho country as were tho dismissal- of Black Weduo- dav, the only difference between tho action of tiiu pi:>t nnd present Government! hoi nig that thu first dismissals wcro more iu num ber, whilst those of lutcr occurrence were of tha name character in detail. He understood tlmt the engineer of construction had boon in the ser vico 01 the country for .more th.rn twe»i.; yearn, nnd that ho hail discharged tho duties ot winch ho hud been relieved for upwauU oL thirteen years. Mr. C. YOUNG : No ; you arc quite wrong, Mr. GRAVES had been credibly iuiorined R(y but all the facta in connection with 1 lie case would bo known subsequently. He know that tho privi leges and Advantages of Parliamentary lito were not attached (0 the side of tho House on which ho sat, but ho should always be a Liberal whilti ho was in Parliament. : and he sat where ho dnt because ho regarded the gentlemen opposite nn truly Connorvntivc in their connections nnd prin ciples, notwithstanding their outward display off Liberalism. The question that an address in reply to the Governor')) speech should be ptesented was then carried without dissent. On tho motion of .Mr. SH1KLS, Messrs. Forvico, Andrews, Bolton, Gibb, Harper, Harris, Keys, Isftngdon, W. Madden, M'Loan, Robertson am! Shiola werenppointed a committee to preparo tho address. Having retired for a few minutes, they! returned and submitted tlio address, which was! adopted and ordered to bo presented to tho Go vernor, Mr. Service intimating that hi? Excel lency would be prepared to receive it tho uoxti afternoon nt half-past three o'clock. pupny and wayh axi» mk.\53. Mr. SERVICE moved tlmt tho IIouso resolv® itself on Tuesday into a commit tco of supply and ways and means for tho purpose of granting aut to her Ma j est/, which was agreed to. AWornNJinxT. The House, at six minute post cloven o clocky adjourned till lialf-pastfourp.nl. next day. 