JOHN GRAHAM'S FIRST CAUSE. I BY HELEN W. PIERSON, IN IDE " DAISY." " WHEW ! I'm glad I'm nut a, doctor," said John Graham as he listened to the bowling cf the wind, which seemed to shake with impatient hands the door and windows of bi» tung little cffice, "or else I might be calUd to »orsfl whimsical fine lady in this storm. Now I can j-nt sit by the fire and look orer my epeech for the namming ap." BB walked to the window first, however, lind glanjtd to the shining street and the forlorn wayfarer*, wita their dripping umbrellas, who hurried by through the driving raia and »lest. It somehow en hanced his own comfort to eeo other pt opie ?o miarrable. AU the street lamps teemed to be winking «nd bliokiog, sa if trying to shut their eyes against the storm. And the lighted window at the grocer's corner loomed up out of the sheets of raia like the UD.SU o auratial fabrio of a dream. The young lawyer did Dot notice a man without an umbrella who atood still lind» .be ruin and stared up at the house. Es had taken a comfortable Brat btfore the fire, and wai turning over various papers with aa absorbed luok. To-morrow waa a great and important day with bim. Ha felt es if all his life w.ii stated on the turning of taat hour when he should make his first ire portant speech. He had poured into it »ll the eloquence of wbicb his nature waa capable. Ic waa his first chance before the public-an opportunity for which he had sighed and pined for ia ambitious dreama, about which be had despaired in reatleaa pa<n. He could have thanked God for the murder wbloh had brought the happy chance of success to him. For months be had been a prey to devouring cravings for fame and fears that his time would never oom e. Hs had chafed within those four walla aa a wild beast in a cage; but Bowl He looked over his papera again. How clear tbe reasoning ; bow convincing the ohain of evidence. Ha waa thoroughly convinced, in bia own mind, t hat Bertrand was guilty, s nd his words carried conviction with them. They were as a death-warrant. He was sanguine about tho issue for himself, yet wita fear and trembling. He scarcely pave a thought to the faot that hie succees meant Bertrand's death. He was so absorbed that he did not bear at fi rat a stealthy movement athis door, but it was followed by a low knock. The burly follow wuo entered did not look ss if he could have knooked so softly. Ha waa the same m*n who hid atood un ?haltered, gazing up at the house. Jobo Graham, scenting some new work, bade him, affably, " good-evening," and offered a chair. But the man Btood there, with little streams of waler trickling from bia hair and the slouched bat whioh he held ia his hand -a comical figure, like ioma great olumsy water-god just from bia damp abode. "I aio'e a subject to ait down In any gentleman's office, I ain't," .be saldj with a Bruff voioe, whioh sounded as ii the dampness bad got into it. " " Riyther moist night, mister." John bowed, and said, "Very uncomfort able ia the street, certainly." The man looked about a moment, as if he expected to find in the loom .some,help to opening the subjeot in band. Then suddenly his eyes rested on the roll of paper which John held. " Speeoh on the great case, maybe ?" John nodded, "Well, its about that I como In. That fellow Bertrand ain't guilty." ' John had decided that he was, and he made known the same to his visitor. ' "Now, I ain't'no acquaintance whatever with the prisoner, and canifrr be prejudiced, do you see ? I follow the water." ' John smiled at the idea that if he followed the water he had caught it tbis time. There was quite a pool about bim on the heat study-floor. " As I said, I'm a oaptiog of a snug little oraf t, and I've only been on snore a day or. two-long enough to ht ar 'bout the.oase and I'm bound on along voyage to-morrow, but as it happens, I know somethink abnat it, and, says I, 'Find out the lawyer, and tell what you know.' Bat"-musing a little " el you're the lawyeragin Bertrand, perhaps" I'd ought to go to the t'other aide." " Uh, it's all,the Bama," answered John. "Evidence that is worth anything will not be suppressed." '" I could wish it took down in black and white," said the man, " and I take my sffidavy, and sign the same. I'm a poor ioholar, or I'd a dono it myself." . ... John .took a sheet of paper, rather.Im patiently, and looked at bia unwelcome visitor. . ' ' ' ; . ...On the last cruise of the Belsey, Jane," began the stranger, with an important air "Betsey Jane ia my wife." "'Ah, well, on the last cruise of your wife," ?aid John, beginning to write. " Stop 1 Belsey Jane's my : boat,1 called after mr wife. . 'Twas a moonlight night, just three months ago, the 26th of Ootqbrr the worry night of the murder. Sing'lar, now, that we arrove that werry night. There's an overruling Providence, air-you'd better believe it." John made no answer. He began to fear it-to think that the. best laid plans of mice and men gang aft agley"-to sea the repu tation which he had built up into such a fair struoture topple like a house ot cards. - "Because else why did it happen on that nery .identical night P I forgot my money belt. I never done such a thing since I was oapting. When wa was a-nearin' the shore I took off my sea clothes, naturally, and left my belt. Well, there's no tblevin' at sea, but when a Teasel is ia port, and the .wharf rats about, it's different. Betsy Jane had a few friends' celebratin* my arrival, yon see, and" at twelve o'clock, when we was a braakin' up, I missed my belt. 'Belay Jane,'sez I, . I can't sleep without gettin' it ;' and she wes BS oneaay aa I war. Remember, sir, 'twaB that dientlcal night." And he paused, as if to oolleot himself. " As I've heerd tho story of the murder," he went on, thoughtfully, *' this young man Bertrand owed Halpin« some money, and they had hard words olten over it, and some ono swore he waa seen goln' into Halpine's at ten o'oleck, and no one knows when he came ont ; and a note was found on Bertrand when he waa arrested invitiu' of him round on that wery dientical night." John Graham nodded as he listened to this odd version of the evidence he had made ao clear. .' And, one o'clock, a student as roomed next Halplne, an' was cut late, aeein' a light in his room, went lo, an' saw the nnfortunate man a-welterin' in his gore." The lawyer felt compelled again to assent to the man's inquiring glance. " A-welieriu' in his gore," repeated the burly captain, os if ha enjoyed the eloquent roll of the words. " Wall, to go back, I'd a little dealin'a with Halplne onoet. He lent me money once', on my Betsy Jane." " Ort wnich Bitey Jane ?" inqulrtd Jahn, gravely, and preparing to enter the answer officially. S jlver my timbers 1" snewercd the man. Impatiently. " There ain't none of thia here evidence a joke-leastways, a mau'« life or death's no joke to me, whatever it may be to you lawyers. I mean, having borrowed money of Halplne, I naturally looked at his ofllje as I pasted. It was just half-paat twelve, for I beard the dook a-strlkin'the half-hour, ano I MW » man comba' ont ol Halpine's door." . i "Well?" " A man wrapped in a cloak-» tall fellow. I saw his face fuji one minute before he saw me ; then he turned suddinr, and took to a tide street. Now, mark my words. This man was »ix foot high, and he had fair hair, and white akiu like a woman's, and blue eyea. Bertrand ia dark and short. What do you make of that ?" "I hive taken lt all down," answered John Graham, In a hard voice. " Why not stay yuurself an J give in this evidence ?" "1 wasn't wlshin* for to etay, ef BO be aa ye could do without me," he aaid, anxiously ; " but ef it's important foran innocent man's life-don't ye think as it's down in black and willie, and I mukra my ufferdevy-" " Oh, yee ; I think thia will be sufficient," answered John, thoughtfully. "Have yon told this to aDyone else ?" " Only to Botsy Jane, Bir." "Ahl to Betsy J ane, and she to her friends, I suppose P" " Well, I just told her as I was a startin* here, and I reckon abe ain't a-rokmln round in this inclement weather a-repeatin'otic" with intense uarcaam. " Yon are going to leave her for three year» ?" " No ; she's a-goln this time." John Graham drew a long breath. " Ta«nk you," ha said ; '. thank you very mach, my man, for the clear way in whicu you have given in this evidence. It la, as you suppose, quite important. It would be butter co speak of it to no one else, and to caution your wife also, otherwise you might be detained and held as witness, thus causing you and your 'admirable wife great incon venience. You may now sign your name." Tue good fellow advanced in all good faith and wrote, quite legioly, in a some what sprawling hand, " Thomas Browse." Then he sec bia web slouched hat on his head and bade the lawyer good evening. John Graham sat for a long time, staring at the paper and its scrawling signature a* if it had baen a ghost. It might have atood for the - ghost of a vanished hope to him. The letters of the good man's name seamed to dance over the paper like black imps from hell. Ho could not sit still. Tue room was no longer comfortable. He paced up and down le restlessly. The face ot all the world had-changed for him in an hour. Piras, fortune, and love-had beckoned him. He had hoped to gain all in gaining thia case ; and now th« speeoh, with its enthusiasm, ita convincing logto, was so much waste paper to be thrown into the fire. Oddly enough, he never thought of the man whose life and death it concerned. He thought only of himself and of one other, for he was madly lu love. The whole Halplne family were »trying out. for vengeance; and hia love was a cousin te the murdered man. He hoped to win Maud Halpine when he won his cause, so no.wonder he had poured the aloquence of his soul into it. And it was only the beginning of his career. He took up the pieoe of paper with the man's evidence on ic. It waa only a pieoe ot papar, perishable, .yet it held his fate. It was a terrible tblng to stand there alone, at night, and hold one's fate in one's hands. N" one knew ol it yet.' All the evidence against' Bertrand had. been conclusive till .thia. .'.-' . And, after all, what was this-r\ It pointed at no one.' It waa vague, indefinite. Who .knew that this burly sea-oaptaln had not been too convivial among Betsey Jane's friends. How could it be known-that be had not seen imperfectly when he met the blonde-haired stranger coming out of Hal pins|s office ? ; Why disturb the harmony of a perfect chain of evidence with the vagaries ot an unknown man ? ' .-. VSo whispered a subtle voice to John Graham's inmost soul. Would he not be.a fool to throw "away his chance in life for, a drunken man's dream f He had been courteous enough to take it,down j that waa enough. And the man was gone for ,three years 1 Three years I What might not happen in three years ? Ho might have aobioved fame and fortune in that time. He might have won Maud Halpine and have tasted life's sweetest joya, if only this bit of paper had nd exiatenoe. Thia blotted all out. Thin oame between bim and all the BUUBhine on the landsoape ol his life. He twisted the ' paper uneasily in his fingers. It seemed to burn like fire. How quickly would it really burn-if-. Well, some men would speedily finish it. There waB Spencer, now, he would not be i qieamisb. , And, after all,'a man must not lose every ohanoe for an over-faalidioun integrity. How many , won fortune by a few prosperous Blips from honour's open way ! He had always despised those men, bat now he bad a fellow feeling for them'. He had never been tried and tempted aa tildy, or he migut have fallen as they bad done. How much easier now to burn that paper than to. Blruggle tor years with adverse fate I to feel ever alter that there had been a tide io the affaira of his life whioh, if taken at the flood, would have led to fortune f He oould not IUBO all so lightly ; he would not 1 Another moment the flames.bad seized the Blip ol paper, leaping tongues of fire had oarled about it and hoked it up. A little black tiuder whirled up the chimney like an evil spirit, and all was gone. All but memory 1 Memory, that sweetest of frisada to the innocent, that worst of devils to soourge the guilty, ic sat by John Graham's pillow that night, and would noe let him sleep. But he made his speech thu next-day, and his fevered, restleaa state lent more fire and fever to it, He had atolen down to the wharves, in the morning early, and - had assured himself that the Botsy Jang waa gone ; BO that was finished up-numbed I ' He had heard somewhere, he had read, in a disused book, of " the sins that follow us." Hia . sin followed him to the conrt-room, where a breathless crowd hung upon hie words ; where bia eloquence hushed and swayed that great mass, and he moulded their opluloua at will; for'this man had not mistaken the power (hat waa in him. He had the real fire of genius. He was eloquent, yet clear and logical. If any had doubted Bertrand's guilt before, they doubted no longer. The male members of the Halpine family almost broke out into audible cheers whioh would have been unbecoming their grief. Bertrand, a sallow little man, listened aa to bia death-warrant, and grew livid aa death. " I feel the ropa already around my neck," he Bald, in a cooeing whisper to his counsel ; "yet before Gud, I am innocent." How poor and weak aeemed the words ot the counsel, for the defence oompared to this. Tho j ury did not need to confer long on such an evident matter. The judge had summed up very brietly. Why, everyone had decided. Tue mind of the pu Olio was made up. It was strange how little sympathy had.been ielc for the prisoner. It had been rumoured that his young wife waa proatraied by the dreadful affair. They had not been married long, and the money hud been borrowed from Hdlplne for the furnishing. Th« motive for tba murder was supposed tu be to get possession of this bill, that it might be destroyed. The bill had not been fouud among the murdered man's papers. That was a damning iaot. So when the terrible words were pronounced, when the foroman-of the jury had given utterance to the awful " Galley" which must fall on a prisoner's ear with theaouud of a clod falling on kia coffin; wham tho judge, clothed in the terror« of tba law, stood up in bis place aDd pronounced the sentence. u He Ehaii be banged by his neck till hs ii dead, and may the Lord bave mercy on hi* Boul," poor Bertrand gasped, " I hope HJ will ht.ve mercy, for there ia no mercy here." And all around J oho Graham waa a perfect ovation. The curious scarcely looked to sae the priioner pass out with weak steps, or noted whether hie face waa blanched with rear or whether he bore btmiell bravely. Tdey looked rather at the rising man, wh<> had spellbound them with his eloquence. The Hilpiues, especially, crowded about him, shook hands, thanked him with effusion. Mend's father was there. That was the sweetest diop in thia delirioua draught. She would hear. Strange-such is the weakness of our nature-that among that «ea of faces all ready te smile on him, John Grihasi seemed to eee another that was not there-a ghastly, Ballow face, with the li fd crushed out of lc with the agony of death already creeping over it-Bertrand's face, as he had caught sight of lt whils. makjn^ bis epeeuh. It followed him to the very'house of tba girl he loved, for her father took him home to dinner ; and hu never lost Bh¿ht of it, even when he caught' the gleam of ber pile-gold hair or basked in the.sunuy sweetness of her eyes. "Masterly eloquence «ir!" exclaimed Mr. Halplne, over hia glass of pale sherry, at dinner. ".That did for the raacil. Every member of our family is ander obligation to you ; and if I ever can do anything to advance your interesti-" " Oh, papa, don't talk of that awful trial now 1" exclaimed Maud, with a shudder. " Suoh ú horrible thing 1 I don't see why ie should have happened in our family." Maud waa a little silly-just a little silly now and then-bnt.then she was beautiful ns a white rose ia the sunlight. And John Graham sat there, drinking lu the " cup of a costly death, brimmed with delirious draughts of warmest lite," as he flipped her father's pale sherry. But when he reached home and. the glamour was g ono, and he sat once more in me little office where the stranger had visited him the niaht before, he fels that he sat there a haunted maa; that he' could never more lift hts hand serenely la the sunshine as before without the ahadow of something on the palm-Bartrand'a blood 1 Could even Maud's lily- white hand, laid in hil, {or ever waua out that ioul »pot P There waa time yet-time to oover himself with shaine' and dishonour ; but time to snatch bick the doomed life, from the jaws of death. '?.." '-, John Graham thought of it. For fall five' minutes he pictured the scenes-his con fession, the scorn and contempt of those who had lauded him to-day-the ruin bf,his career. But the man's life I Ah, the.man's Ufa i Bah I What would his own life be worth afterwards ? He Bhraok away with au ajwfúl cowardice from the step he waa contemplating. No ; lt waa too late 1 Yet he did not feel that it was .indeed o late till the day .of exeoatlon oatne. He,felt that he had lived ages till that hour. He saw anew wrinkle in his face, as if the straBge agony had written ita autograph there. .And, looking in the mirror that mornlnav be, seemed to discern a new, and furtive expres sion in his eyes, as if he could look . no man boldly in the face agtin. All .that dny he walked the streets in feverish unrest. He heard the "exilas" cried , at evening, with an account, of the execution »nd Bertrand's last words. Ber trand's last words!. How well he knew what they must be I ... . , . . Wed, it waa over, then. lhere waa no going: baok now j no room ; for repentance, though he sought it .with teure. He toro away his . thoughts, with a great wrench, (rom the.assailing subject, and ho, began to think of Maud and bia future. B?en in thoBe few weeks he.had felt that fame was thrust upon him, his . career waa open to him. . Clients had nocked to him. Hi» future was assured, if only Maud smiled on him. ? ? ? "I say," exclaimed a familiar voice at his shoulder " I've just called at your office, and here, by good luck, you are." .". Well, Spencer," .said Graham, coming out.of his brown'study slowly, and looking at hU fellow-lawyer as through a mist. < " Come, wake up, old .fellow. This is an excising ? day for you to, go to - sleep . over. There's your fellow Bertrand excused, and an engagement) announced of another.friend of yours." . Graham had scarcely brought his thoughts baok from their wandering when he heard these words: ' <-" "Yes; old Halplne . has made ' a good thing of lt. Err» Cjllins is worth half a million. To be sure Maua'a a beauty." . "What ' are you mandering " about t" Graham exclaimed, savagely. --.. "Why, Maud Halpiae'a engagement," exclaimed Spencer. : ". it's been announced, for. a day or two. What i have you been sweet in that quarter ? Poor lellow I Come, I'm going to tbe theatre to-night. Nothing like a roaring7 farce to dispel grim melan choly." But Graham exonsed himself, and went home instead. He had walked all day ; he had eaten nothing, and he waa too weak to walk farther. ~ Tue evening paper, a haunt ing ghost, was thrust under his door. Ht trod on it as he went In. Of course it con tained full particulars of the execution. ' Maud Halpin« lost to him 1 Tai« girl, for whom he bad loaded himself with aln given to another I For he felt now.as If tha ain had indeed been committed for her sake-to win fame and fortune, that he might win her. He aat down weakly in his ohair. Ah i it he could have known before he'.had, sold hil birthright of honour and integrity for a mess of pottage. . Now he saw his nopes and dreams sbattertd about him, and the future desolate. Tho haunting shadow would walk that way bcBlae him, and Maud would not be there to make the sun ahme. Bat time works wonders, and the same enchanter who can plant the very graves' of our beloved dead with Howers made at length a grave for John Graham's sorrow and aln. But it was a grave from which a ghost aroBe ac times-a pnuntotn that would not be laid. Not at the dead of night alone did this phantom appear, but in tbe street it followed bim ; at tbe banquet it found a seat-a grinning death'a-head among the revellers, writing, as at Belshazzar's feast of old, in words visible to Graham's eyes alone, " Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting." Bub time works wonders, and even " Love itself will smile at length Un other loves gone from us." And John Graham began to forget the beaming eyt s and thu gleam of.Maud'a golden hair. Maud was a child, and said trite, silly things ; but this woman that he dreamod ol hud uer soul in her glunoo. BoBidea, Maud had been married muro tbun two years. . John Graham had left the town where she lived, and whore he had buen tempted ana uveroumti. His fame had gone oeloru him to hm new homo, and he had iiitd to let thu dead past bury its dead. He bad begun a fair, new page in tho book of life, but he could not tear out the blurred aud blotted one-only ho looked at it as Beldum as possible. All hs needed now to mako him happy waB the companionship of a good, .true- beaited, woman in .hi* home. He could .make .a, beautiful homo for a wife now. He had prospered, and money had poured in on him. Bis name stood hi^h in the great city, and the woman he loved was poor and obaoare ; BO he had little to fear. Yet what man who really loves feels no tremonr, no doubt, when he has made np his mind to ask the great deciding question ? Everything was ia John Graham's favonr, yet his heart beat " like a prisoner assailing the bars," as be waited for Con stance Thorne in the splendid parlour of her employer that night. Ai he paced the velvet floor, restlessly, he thought of ber as he bad always sean her, In her deep mourning-for she was a young widow-the sombre crape and silk only slightly subduing the splendour of her beauty. The deep blue eyes, the peach-like hue of her cbeekB, the bronze bair, with the sunshine asleep in - it ; the fe ree, the character, yet the sadneas of the whole face, aa if lt had a history, bad appealtd to ali tbat was poetic or chivalrous in his nature. It was the kind of face to make all men knlght-erranta, to kindle heroic daring, to w.iken noble aspirations. Never, if he could win this woman, would he sully bia hands or stain hia conscience again with auch deeds as HuBh 1 he would not think of it in her présense ; and he beard the silken, Bof i rustle of her dress. Then, as eba entered, be saw the flush d-epen on her oheek, and it gave bim courage. He had pleaded many oauees, but none BO difficult as bia own. All his ekquenoe seemed to fall away frcm bim in thie woman's preaenco. He WBB humble, ns true love always makes a man. Still, he had decided that he would know his fate that night. " Yon are not happy here," he said, " Constance"-it was the first time he had called her by this name, and Bhe felt a pre. monition of what WSB to follow. " Con stance, I have another situation to offer you." She flushed, but only smiled. " There is but one pupil ; he is ready to leam j will never be refractory. The home la.not so splendid aa this, but there is a warmer welcome-a h'art full ot love for you." "No. l am sot happy here," ehe said ; " but I am not sure, that I can ever be happy again." "Uh, you mort te-you are so young. Lite did not . finish for you when-" he glanced at her black dress and paused. " I must tell you my story," she said, ld an agitated voice, "and then you moat judge whether the-.ituatloujia still open to me," with a forced emile. " There la no need to go into the past. Constance," Graham said. "I am content. I know you aa you ar« ; that suffices for me. Let the past, with Ita shadows, flee away for ever. I «111 take care of the. future." " Ah, it one could," answered Constanoe, wltha Bhiver, " if one could blot it all out aa with a.sponge 1 But it doea return; ita shadows blaoken all our sunshiua." - Graham wondered it she had loved her Ioat hushand so well. " You and all other happy people cannot understand my words," she laid after a momeni'apause,aeemingto bring herthoughte back with an effort from some far- off point' to which they had travelled. " I muat tell you my atory." " If you muat then." "Tes. Tney do not know it here. It might have been ia the way of my getting the situation. You pity me here. Well, it is infinitely better than I ever had before my husband met me. I- waa an orphan without relative. He pitied- me so . that he waa ready to do anything to rescue me (rom such a lite. 'He waa only a clerk, and should not have burdened himself with a wife, but he risked all for : me. He took a little cottage in the auburb of a neighbouring 'town, lt waa furnished in the simplest manner, but it seamed paradise to me. The rosea at the window-ah, me 1 will any other rosea ever smell aa sweet?" and tbe apeaker grew silent, and seemed lost in a painful dream. John Graham moved uneasily. These memories maddened him. He would gladly haye cut them short if be could. After an lun'eaay moment of walting, he could not refrain from saying " And you loved him io muoh, Conatance ; this man who waa BO happy as to find you first? Do not make mu envy him In his grave." She looked : at him, and a ghastly pallor seemed to blanch her cheek. "Envy him l Oh, heaven 1 and he died on the scaffold 1" Taen a hush like death seemed to fall upon them ; . and when John Graham strove to speak; his rigid lipa would form no words. " Yes,": I see you are frozen with the ;horror of lt I" cried Conatance, passionately, j" I knew I had only to tell my atory, and all men, ana women too, would fall away from me, the murderer's wife. My poor Louie) I knew he waa iunocent, but I could do nothing. The maddening thought prostrated me. Aa the trial went on I «rew mora and more oblivious. Waa it kind, providential, aa the good.people say, tbat eveu my puny help . waa made unavailing ? I lay scorched with fever while my hu,banda life waa aworn .away. I waa raving in delirium the day, the fatal day ot hia execution, and for weeks after." ; An awful horror begin to creep through every vein of the man who listened to these passionate words. Tue woman^that he loved, who waa aha ? He tried to ask the question, buf onee more his lips refused to apeak. His brain whirled BO that hs could not form Ula thoughts into wold«. He waited, theo, in the «ama stony ailene«. And Mrs. Thorne looked at bim curiously, with a sinking of the heart. Sae waa not indifferent to him. In face, lu mind, and mapner ha Was infinitely above thu plain youug man who had won her girlish hand. A painful tremor ran through her voice When ehe Bpoke again, "Ab, I teared your love could cot itand this teat-to >ake the widow of a man who died ou the lOatibld to your heart and borne. And you are light. I could never be as bright and gay as others. Thia has branded my heart aa with a red- hot iron." Graham had collected himself by thia time. " You aro wrong," ho said, with a painful effort, and bia voioe sounded afar off. "I love you. Let all thia be lorgotten," " What, though I should tell you my true name ? Though I Bhould Bay I Was Bertrand's wife ?'.' Bbe uttered ia glad Bur priao. " You heard of the trial ?" Bertrand's wile 1 thu woman he had .20 foully wronged I Ooald he take her to his heart. Would not the phantom rise at this and haunt him for ever 1 Aud yet could be not make Borne repara tion by taking' this woman and cherishing her tenderly ? Hu bad made her life deau ute. Uuuld he not make the rent BO bright with affection that thu shadows of the patt' would bo forgotten ? Like lightning these thoughts limned through bia miud, and be ??poko again with a voice that waa low but firm. "Constance, I love you. Nothing that has happened, nothing that oau happen, will change that laot. Many an innocent man has died on tbs Bo»0uld. God forbid that wa should lose oar laturo for that. Il you .oars enough for me-if yon oan take pity on me-" "Ab, no," repliad GoaiUnoe,with »Md smile, " it is yon who take pity on me. I have no dower to bring bat ag tarnished name." "I am glad to give yon another," re sponded Graham, with an answering smile. . " Not that poor Louis ever did an unworthy action," Constance went on, eagerly. " He was the viotim ol circumstantial evidence ; and the other sida had a most eloquent lawyer-I forget his name. Of coarse, he believed Bertrand guilty." " Let ns talk no more of it," cried John Graham, with an aohing heart. ' Let us never epeak of it again. It is over now finished irrevocably. We have our future now to think about, for I will not allow jon lo stay here much longer. 1 have wusied top much lime already, waiting for tho one woman who is to orown my liie." And from that moment thu talk grew more lover-like, though »ll tbe music ol it was in the minor key, and the shadow of that ÉC.ffülJ was thrown over it all. Joan Graham, walking home under the olear, starlit sky, hearing the floaty pave ment click sharply under bia step, suduenly remembered what night it was. Just three years ago he had ohoten his path, when onaLoe or Proviueuoe bad BUddeuiy plttoed bis fate in his hand. Tes, ihiee yearn ugo to-night the barty captain liad stood in his effiue, dripping from eveiy look of hit lank bair, and told his simple story. Turee years ago, and to-night ha waa pledged to the wife ol bis viotim. Ah, what a wold-victim I Why should that ugly word have iutruded un his thoughts ? Ha stepped iutu a giander office how than tba one in whioh bo had fought bis battle with Apollyon, sud lust. A pleasant light wai d illus eu through it ; a beautiful fire in a low-down grate gave a rosy warmth to it. As Graham threw himself into a luxurious arm-chair his hand touobed a letter ljing on the table. He t OK it up. and saw that the postmark waa from his old home It was in Spencer's handwriting, . and enclosed another " Here is » letter which has been lying for some weeks in the de»d letter office, and out of pure good nature 1 send it to you. It may contain sometuing- iinpoitunt -some newB of propetty thai, uiuy help the poor young woman. She disappeared from these parta so long ugo that lhere ia now faut a faint rumour ib.it Bhe is living under a leigned name wheie you ara ' lost ia the darker depths ot some great town.' So I thought that as you had helped her poor husband out of the world-right enough it served him, of course-you would perhaps hunt her up, and send her theenoloEod." 1 The enclosed was a large, somewhat) soiled-looking letter, directed to ."Mrs. Louis Bertrand." . "I will give it to Constance to-morrow night," he said, as he' put it in his pocket. " How Spencer would open his eyes if he knew the true Btuta ot the case." And then he began to think how tifo community in general at his old home would open their eyes, and what tongueB would wag over thia strange marriage. "It will be a nina days' wonder, and then it will die ont," he said. " No one will know that I am trying to make an atonement." Graham suddenly recollected the letter the next night when he had been talaing with Conetanoe fur an hoar. " Oh, here is something for you," ho said, handing it to her, and explaining the oiioutn stance of its coming. "1 hope il is only good newe." . 'j,'-'. ' ' " My good news oomes always fronryou,,r Consumos answered, taking tue letter dara lesaly, with a smile. "Oh, you must open it. I am ourlons about your corespondents," Graham auld. So Constance opened it, and, luoaing at her while she read, John Graham uaw'her. face pale before his eyts, uud "a iow'.ory esoaped her lip's.. 'ÍK " Wuát ia it ?" ha cried, springing np.' "Any bad news?" Constance had risen too. She Btood there proudly, with a. strange expression in lier eyes. " ¡ " Bead it," she said, holding the letter towards him, " and judge for yourself.'' Graham took tue letter mechanically,' wondering why he should read it. Tua writing was slid and constrained-an almost illegible band.' Bul he was a lawyer, aud accustomed io deoipher everything. Thus it ran: '. Kespeoted. Madam,-I feel it my bounden dooly to make known to you, tho' too late.to save him aa is gone, a faut or two, whioh likewise I comtnooniokated to a lawyer-John Giabam by name-as provea * damned raskll. I beg your pardou, but the thought on't riles me beyaut expression. For 1 went) to him the night afora, and look my uffijavy, us weil be knows, how I Been another luau oomiu' ont of Haipiub'i at a certain hour, as stands to reason wera not your guud mau at all, for he had yaller hair and blue «jes, as : Were a suspicious circumstance, and ought ter have bin followed np. It was pul down <n black and white, and bo Bald it wonld stand. So I went efl on a long uruise with a quiet heart, and when I arrives the uther day, 1 hears that your laniouled husband. is exeauted, and no mention made of anybody else, or suspicion, or nothiu' abJUt ihatonap I seeu comin' oat. In short, that ero lawyer, John Graham, had cojkèd up his case atora' ho seen me, and he warn'» goiu' to eplle it with the truth. He's a williu', nnd el ever I meet him I'll tell him so; and ef he oau be tried 'or it, I'll present him, for he murdered your husband as surely as tuut otuer feiler did Hatpins. So, no more at présent from your friend and well-wisher, " THOMAS BKOWSE." . ." Lr>ng before he had finished thia latter John Grabam felt the hot bl»od surging to his head aud a strange singing in bis ears. He knew whose eye waa upon him, and he quailed utterly. He dared nut look up.. "Is it true? ' Constanoe said, at last, alter waiting vainly for some word. , "It is truel" Graham faltered, feeling that his doom waa sealed. He had stooped to innob, bot he oould not lie to this woman. He felt that her olear eyes looked into his very soul. " Then nothing remains bat for yon to go," Constanoe laid, in a olear voice. '? ?'Have you nothing «IBO to say tome?" Graham pleaded, in a piteous voies. ., " Nothing, save to advise you to leave this . olty, fur, yon see, this man oan spoil your praonoe, Constanoe wtnl on, piii.essiy. , " ls there no hops, Coustauau," he urged... "None," she answered, firmly. " My only hope ia never to see your face again." Juhn.Grabam looked onoe ou the face whioh was all the world to him, and then, liko Adam of old, was driven from that puruuiso of love for his sin. He weal out into the wilder ness, desolate and bare for him for ever. Tho Far West, that refago for ail, seemed to offer a home where his lamo and his infamy, were alike unknown, aud there hu lived hil. life. _ A TODNO woman whoj baa never learned the gentle art of cookery, being dtSirou* of impressing her husband with lier kuowledge and diligence, manages to hava har kuchen dour ajar on the day after their return.front the bridal trip, and jost as har lord comes ia from the office, exclaims loudly-" Harry ap, Kins, do I Batan'l you washed ,1ha leiinoe yet? Hst*, give il to us; where'» ,10» aoapr? .. .? i ?.'..' 