COMMERCIAL PLANT-GROWING. MESSRS. GILES & SON'S GROVE HILL NURSERIES. A visit to Messrs. Giles & Son's Grove Hill Nurseries, at Norton's Summit, was one which we looked forward to with much interest, as we expected a rare treat—that of seeing a host of old English acquaintances, and in a climate too where they would appear ao much more at home' than in the immediate neighborhood of the city. We made an early start, and having a fine sunny morning to make everything look well, were re- warded with a pleasant ride. The road leading to the nurseries is now becoming one of the most popular and fashionable for driving parties, as it leads to the summer residence of His Excellency the Governor at Marble Hill The fruit garden and nursery grounds occupy two sides of the tier which lies between the two main branches of the Third Creek, and a por- tion of the tier to the back of this, with the in- tervening gully or valley. The avenue which runs through the centre of the garden forms a direct continuation of the high road, which here deviates towards the left up a steep ascent toward Morialta. The exterior appearance of the garden at the time of our visit would not be so likely to attract the eye of the passers-by as it would during the summer season, when the Cherry-trees which occupy the northern slope of the hill would be laden with their long wreath-like branches of tempting fruit set in a garland of leaves. At present they have lost their summer dress, and are engaged in storing up nourishment for a future season's growth. Mr. Giles asserts that they continue to grow rapidly during the winter months at the roots, a fact which should indicate the course of treatment to be pursued in their cultivation. Not having set out for a sight of the fruit orchard, we hastened to do a run through the glass nooses, but encountered such a formidable array of favourites on the way hither that we stopped to give them a look. In a series of "cradles" or extemporaneous frames on a sloping bank, which falls from the avenue downwards to a spring, which gives an unfailing supply of pure water (a most im- portant agent in plant-growing), was congregated in larger numbers nurslings of plants, many of of which are not to be found elsewhere in the Australias. Among them were some very novel and strikingly beautiful forms of the Anenba, that had been imported from Japan. These were not named, so we cannot specify them. A very bold-leaved variety, with the major central portion the leaf of a rich yellow colour, tinted with chrome, was exceptionally conspicuous. Another variety was more re- markable for the form of the leaf than for the markings, which were of a character common to the better sorts we have previously met with. Variegated plants are the hobby with the owners, and it is perfectly surprising what a number of forms now exist in this state, and the extent of those which figure in this collection suggests the enquiry where will this variegation end ? It isa well-known feet, to gardeners at least, that with the exception of Oryptogamie, or flowerless plants, nearly every species obtained from Japan is augmented by a variegated form, and many are the expressions of wonderment as to the method thia strange people resort to, to effect the change. For our own part we have considered the matter as one purely of selection, and of late years the success which has been gained by English gardeners through this means shows that the matter is not one of science at all, as it has hitherto been considered. A variegated variety of the "St. Bruno's " Lily ( Anthericum variegatum) seems to be perfectly hardy out of doors here, where it grows most vigorously in very small pots. It has been treated as a hardy plant daring the summer, and it most now rank as each. It was received from England as a hothouse subject, but like many more, such it proved to be far more at home with freedom and fresh air than with confinement and a high temperature. It to an excellent subject for general decorative purposes, being alike suitable for a moist situation on the rookery, as a pot- plant for the conservatory or the table, as well as for hanging basket. Ophiopogon, or ' Ser pent's Beard,' is represented by three Varie- gated varieties — Jaburan, Japonicum, and Spicatus-all of which look vary handsome, and, like the Anthericum, are ranked among the hardy subjects. A fine col- lection of that very polymorphous plant, Athyrium felix foumina, is now in a semi- deciduous state, but quite enough foliage remains to judge of their exceptional merits. Upwards of forty or fifty varieties of this popularly named "Lady Fern" of the English- woods appear in the English catalogues, and from these the cream has been selected as the starting point for a complete collection. A.f.f, frizellia and A. f. f. plumosum are perhaps the finest at present. The latter is one of the most elegant of the group with plain fronds, the divisions of which in this variety are exceedingly minute, and have a delicate and feathery appearance and texture. The " Hart's Tongue Fern" Scolopendrum is evergreen; the leaves are " simple and entire." as expressed by botanists, but the cultivator has succeeded in bringing together a number of variations of the normal form, many of which are singular and curious. A. variety called cornulum has the midrib extended beyond the leaf surface on the upper side, so as to resemble a horn, from which it derived its distinctive appellation; another variety has the ends of the fronds curiously divided and congregated like a comb or crest. This one is called corynbosa These monstrosities are very interesting, but by no means as pretty or useful as the simple leaved kinds. The "Oak Fern" is a rather uncommon kind, and one that is not often seen in cultivation, so remarkably free and vigorous, as a specimen of it growing here in a shallow pan, without any extra attention being paid to its culture. The Holly Fern, too, is rather impatient of cultivation, but Mr. Giles seems to be master of the art of cultivating the Ferns of all climes, and with no other does he succeed so well as with the British Ferns. Many of the Ferns familiar to these who have travelled through the woods and thickets of England, beside those we have enumerated, find a suitable place in the shady parts of the garden, and a feast of the pleasures of memory awaits those who will pay the place a visit when the plants are in season. Large quantities of herbaceous plants, such as Delphiniums, hardy Primulas, Hepatica—pink and blue, double and single, most charming little plants for winter blooming; Spireas, Lily of the Valley (rose and white, single and double in form), and the golden striped leaved variety; " Solo- mon's Seal (Con v allaria polygonatum), has other virtues than those of healing—it is an excellent plant for the borders in the hills and for the shade house on the plains. In addition to this it forms a vary handsome pot plant after being established for a year, and it bears forcing well, as that those who can afford it a little heat may hasten its time of flowering. A clump of it that we saw in flower on a previous occasion was one of those gems which delight the eye of an artist. Nothing of art seemed near as it sprang up out of the grass adapted its drooping stems, with the tiny flower-bells hung underneath in the shadow of the leaves with native freedom. Dielytra (Lady's Ear drop) spectabilis and a white variety are as useful winter flowering plants as we have. They are perfectly amenable to forcing, and come in well at the dull season. The white variety is very uncommon, and as the plants are somewhat tedious to multiply the stock rather limited. Herbaceous Anemones (ver- nacular Wildflowers) are as useful pretty, and are great favourite's on account of their generous character and their associates, Auri- culus (Dusty Millers), a variegated Sweet william and Columbine (Aquilegia), too, with a lot of others, that make up a formidable array of names too tedious to repeat, fill up the re- mainder of the beds and borders. A walk leading downwards from this takes us by the side of several large Horse Chestnut trees, under whose grateful shade during the summer months a great variety of delicate plants. deli- cate either in size or constitution are kept for sake of labor- saving, and Inducing a more ready growth. Opposite to those is a broad border of specimen plants of the Camellia in luxuriant health, and well set with buds. Large plants such as these are frequently asked for, as they furnish an immediate effect during the first season. A good plant from two to three feet high will produce flowers enough to pay for its cost, and it is often much cheaper for amateurs to purchase plants already grown than to buy the ordinary nursery stockk at a cheap rate and grow the plants themselves; they are further certain that plants of this kind have been throughly established in the pots—a matter of great importance. Half of the plants which are imported are layers that have been removed a few weeks before from the parent plant and potted, shipped and sold before they would have time to recover themselves, or be considered by our Adelaide growers fit for exposure to the ex ternal air. At the time of our visit we saw a lot of well-furnished plants that had just been potted, and were now under cover of a close frame, where they will probably remain till the young rootlets have appeared at the-sides of the pot, this being the proper time to admit a current, of air passing among the plants. This current is gradually increased till the plants are thought to be out of danger, when they are removed to the open to finish the process known in trade gardening as "hardening off;" the whole operation of removing a limb from a tree being conducted on principles similar to that adopted by surgeons. Higher up the garden, in what is known as the Stable Gully, is a fine and varied collection of New Zealand Tree Ferns, and some very nice examples of the " Silver Tree Fern" (Cyathea dealbata) are conspicuous on account of the glaucous-white under surface of the leaves. Dicksonia antartica ia quite at home here, form- ing splendid beads of fronds, from four to seven feet through. D. squarrosa and D.Toungii are also very fine; the latter is not so common as the others, and is a superior kind. The plants are grown in large pots or tabs, which are plunged in the soil to keep them moist, a con- dition which is essential to their well-being. Growing under the shade of the fruit- trees they are sheltered from the rays of the sun during the summer, and the leaves which fall during the autumn forms a natural mulch that is particularly suited to their requirements. Such groups as the one here grown are worthy of imitation by our wealthier citizens who own a hill residence and desire to make it afford them as much pleasure as possible. Private growers would of course dispense with the pots, and the trunks would in a few years' time become firmly established in the ground, and would then require but little attention. A few years since the Dicksonia antartica was found in a wild state in the neighborhood of Mount Lofty, but the vandalism of collectors has, we are afraid, destroyed all vestige of them. The same tiling will happen are long with several others unless some stop be put to such wanton destruction. Alongside a very fine Laurel hedge, which divides a paddock from the fruit garden and booses, was a lot, containing several hundreds of plants of Aralia Sieboldtii, ia 5-inch pots, the finest batch we have seen in the colony. They were raised from seed obtained from a plant growing on the place. High up on the hillside is an enclosed garden, which contains the col- lection of permanently-planted Camellias. They are growing in a rich yellow loam, with a stiff subsoil, on a spot where the common "Bracken Fern " luxuriates, a sure sign that the ground is very fertile for trees. As a matter of course the trees are in perfect health, and the prospect of a good crop of flowers may be seen in the thickly-set buds which duster on the branches. Daring the flowering season a large revenue is secured from the blooms, which are mounted on pieces of their own wood with leaves attached, or simply mounted on the leaves. The latter mode ia that generally adopted, as the flowers can be made to look more effective, especially for buttonhole boquets, for which they are principally used. Between the Camellias tree and herbaceous Peonnies are grown. They also delight in the rich soil, as those extraordinary-sized blooms which we see at the exhibitions testify. Messrs. Giles have probably the largest collection of these out of Europe. Having descended the bill again we bad a look at some of the Coniferous and other orna- mental trees and shrubs. Of the former class a large collection is grown, as a greater number take to thia climate Chan to that of the plains. Abies, Cedrus, Cupressus, Juniperus, Thuja, Biota, Arancaria, and the usual list are grown in all sizes from 4 inches to 4 feet and 6 feet in height, the larger plants being intended for exhibition, furnishing, or planting in gardens to fill up vacancies causel by the loss of old plants. The Prickly Comfrey proved a failure as a fodder plant, but there are no signs of failure in the variegated form as an ornamental plant. It grows here with luxuriance, and is remarkably striking; the leaves are broadly margined with a creamy white variegation, which is well set off on the broad massive leaves which lay out flatly, presenting a large surface. A double rose-coloured variety of the " Periwinkle" (Vina minor) has been added to the collection during past season, and has given great satisfac- tion. A blue or purplish Geraninm was once a much coveted prize—that was before botanists removed what we used to know as Geraniums to the genus Pelargonium. The true Geranium sanguineum ia nevertheless a valuble plant, and it grows and flowers here continuously. Being so much captivated by the sight of so many denizens of the old English gardens, we did not continue to take notes of their names, but betook ourselves to the indoor department. Here every nook and crannie from floor to roof was crowded with a multitude of plants whose names are legion. In the propagating pit, a structure heated by hot water, was a splendid collection of Marantus—Massangeana, pinnato- piota, and walla being the finest—strong robust plants as needs be; Aralia Bernayriana, and filicifola oomparatively scarce, and very valuable. Tbe "Flamingo Plant" (Anthurium Sobertseriannm) most be mentioned, as it is one of the most commanding plants for exhibit- tion and bot-house culture; the spathes of the flowers an bright scarlet, and remain in bloom for an extended period. The "Holy Ghost Flower" (Peristeria elata), so called by the Spaniards account of the striking resemblance the flowers bear to a dove, is an Orchidaceus plant. It seems to grow remarkably well with the general collection of stove plants that occupy tbe benches. An extension of this house is also devoted to inhabitants of warm climates, and contains— besides duplicates of those already mentioned a very oomplete collection of Orotons, many of the varieties being extremely scarce. O-Lord Cairns belongs to the Oak-leaved sec tion, and is a remarkably fine variety, with vary highly-colored leaves and a good free branching habit. Imperiale is another excel lent variety, with the most strikingly beautiful leaf colorations, and of majestic appearance, Lycopodioms ("Club Moss"), including L Mar- tensii variegatum, a somewhat inconstant but beautiful variety, are largely represented. And there is yet another plant here calling for special mention on account of its exceeding gracefullness, Aralia Veitchii gracillima, a plant without reproach for table decoration. The leaves are much divided, very fine, gracefully undulated on the edges, and neatly placed at regular iutervals around the stem. Ascending a flight of steps we get on to a higher terrace and enter the main range of houses, tbe front wall of which forms a sup port for the lean-to roof of the structures we had just quitted. One of these houses, the largest one, contains plants enough to furnish six houses of the same dimensions it the plants were allowed full liberty. The reasons for over crowding will he obvious on explaining that at tbe Kent Town branch there has just been completed a very extensive series of houses for the reception of those which we saw huddled up together with scarcely breathing room. When these houses have been put in order tbe surplus stock will be removed, and the Grove Hill Nursery will be made to furnish the Kent Town branch with plants ready grown, an that the latter will be more of the show-house or conservatory type of buildings than nursery homes. Around the large stove on shelves are arranged hatches, of Ferns in various stages of growth, principally small plants of the usual nursery stock type. Tbe principal attraction on entering is Adlatun gracillimum, a very finely - divided fora of the wedge-shaped M Maidenhair Fern," the fronds or leaves of which are of the most delicate texture and of a rich dark green color iu the matured state, but deeply tinged with salmon red when young. A very large specimen of A. Farleyeuse, the Queen of Maidenhair Ferns, was in capital eondition, and formed a striking oontrast to the foregoing; these two forms age perhaps the most striking extremes, of beauty in any genus of Ferns. Altogether the collection contains about fifty species and varieties, about ten of these being new to commerce in Australia, and several worthy of special note. A excisum multifidum Leyii has rathar slender fronds with much divided pinnsæ, and a great number of minute pinnules, which are congregated between the pinnæ on the stems. It is quite distinct and easily recognisable variety; A.Henslovianum a much stronger than the preecding, and ranks high as an exhibition variety; A lunulatum is a larger growing plant than Caudatum. which it reaembies very much in other reapeots. It is equally useful for basket culture. A variety called Cudmorcanum. has the young fronds dusted with a fine powder similar to the Gymnogrammas, or Gold Ferns. It waa introduced to this colony by Mrs. Cud- more, of Glen Osmond, an ardent admirer of Ferns, and whose name it bears provisionally. The taste for Ferns has largely increased of late, and (he supply now raised should give a grand opportunity to growers who have not been able to procure anything beyond the common forms. The central bed contains some very large speci- men plants of Crotoa, Diatfenbachia, Dracæna, Anthurium, and other choice foliage plants, freely intermixed with equally choice flowering plants—not many of them, however, making a display at present. In a smaller bouse adjoin- ing is a collection of Coleus in a very high state of coloring from the effects of a dry atmos- phere, which is kept np on account of the tricolor Pelargoniums which an wintered here In passing we must not forget to mention the seedlings of this class that have been raised at Grove Hill. Theae were produced by cross- ing the double-flowering kinds with the tricolors and vice versa, the result being that the offspring, while they retained the character of the seed-bearing parent in flower or foliage, as the case might be, were characterised by the coloration which it was desired the leaves should take on. Many of the seedling plants that bear double flowers of various shades common to green-leaved sorts are equal to the ordinary tricolor-leaved forms, and Mr. Giles believes that one or two are decidedly superior, as they are much more vigorous and hardy. This lot would be considered a masterstroke of success in England, and to hope that they will be forwarded to some respectable form there that would give them proper treatment and display The outer bouse of the range is princinallv de- voted to hospital work. In it the various con- signments that come to hand from the Euro- pean nurseries are housed until they are suffi- ciently recovered from the effects of the con- finement on such a long voyage. The exercise of great skill is necessary to save anything like a fair percentage of a shipment, as the plants suffer so much from etiolation during the voyage that the slightest exposure to the external air will often kill the plants. Shading and watering are also matters for careful judg- ment. A great variety of Rhododendrons and various coniferous plants, together with a large number of new Camellias and Azaleas formed the bulk of the plants which were under treat- ment. Next year's list will of course be ex- tended greatly with such large additions being made regularly. After going through the two principal nur- series of the colony, we are confirmed in the previously - expressed opinion that South Australians need not send to their neighbors for plants of any kind, as in Adelaide a much larger available selection can be made from local stock than can be procured in any of the colonies. It is a matter of surprise to new arrivals from England that our collections are so extensive and com- plete. The outdoor stock, including a valuable lot of " American Plants," or those growing in boggy ground, ll require a separate notice. 