HELEN OF TYKE. - BT HENRY W". LOKQFBLLOW. ; ' What phantom is thia that appears Through tho purple- mists of the years, ?-.. Itsolf but a mist Uko those ? A -woman of oloud and of Aro ; It is sho : it is Helen of Tyro, ? . Tho town in tho midst of tho seas O Tyro ] in thy orowdod stroetB '?. The phantom appears o nd retreats, : . " ': And the Israelites, that sell .* Thy lilias and lions of brass, Look up, aï.thay soo her pass, ?'.. V^ad murmur " Jozehol !" ? r .? .-, \- Then another phantom is seen . S M' iAt her sido, in a groy gntiardino, With beard that flouts to his waist; It is Simon'Magus, the Soor ; . .?" Ho speaks, and sho pauses to hear - Tho words ho uttors in haste. . He.says : " From this evil famo, ,.r v... Fromthis life'of sorrow and shamo I will lift thoo, and moko thee mine I Thou hast boen Qucou Candace, And Holen of Troy, and shalt bs .. '-. Tho Intelligouco Divino !" . -, Oh, Bwoet ns tho breath of morn, .. . To tho fallon and forlorn, ? ???>.: ?. Aro whisperod words of praise ; ' For tho famished hoart believes ? -. ' ? Tho falsehood that tompts and deoeivos,^ ; And tho promise that betrays. . .' So sho follows from lund to land Tho wizard's beokoniug hand, -¡ As n leaf is blown by tho gust, , -/Till she vanishes into night ! "?' O reader, Btoop down and write With thy finger in tho dust. O town in the midst of tho Boas, , With thy rafts of oedar troos, Thy morohandiso and thy ships, .?".-. i v Thou, too, art boooino ns naught,.1 .. -;;< .. ? A phantom, a shadow, a thought, =.,y r , A namo upon mon's lips !? .r.-. A HianxAND GHOST STOBT.-Mrs. Grant, Of Laggan, reoords the following incident on the authority of the minister who related it to her. Ho was acoustomod, sho informs ns, - . f« to go forth and meditate at even ; and this solitary walk ho. always dirooted to his ohurohyard, whioh was situated in a shaded spot, on tho banks of a river. Thoro, in a dusky Ootober evening, ho took his woutod path, and lingered, loaning on tho church yard wall, till i( becamo twilight, whon ha saw two small lights risa from a spot within, where there was no atono nor memorial of any'kind. Ho obsorvod tho course these lights took, and saw them cross tho river and stop- at tin opposite hnmlot. l'rosontly thoy returned, accompanied by a largor light, "whioh moved on between thom till1 thoy ar rived at the place from whioh tho first two sot out, when all throo seemed to sink into tho earth together. Tho good man went into the ohurohyard and throw a few stones on ? the spot whore tho lights disappeared. Next morning ho walked out early, called for tho sexton, and showed him tho plaoo, risking him !' if ho remembered who waa buried there.' The man said that, many years ngo, ho re membered burying in that spot two young children, belonging to rt blacksmith on tho -opposite «ido of tho rivor, who was now a very old- man. Tho pastor roturnod, and was Booroo sat down to breakfast, when a message oamo to hurry him to come over to.. pray with tho smith, who had beon suddonly " taken ill, and died next day.!'-'£ho leisure Hom: I A Vcnr DnrmnEar MATTER.-Southern ? Lord (staying at Highland Castle)-" Thank I you so muob, I-ah-weaily ' enjoy yonr muelo, I think ot having a piper at my own plaoe." Sandy, the piper-" AV fot kin' o' a piper would yonr lordship bu noedin'?" Southern Lord-" Oh. certainly a good piper like yonrsolf, .Sandy." Sandy (sniffing) " Ooh 1 Intoet ! Yo might easily fin' » ' lord Uko your lordship, but H's nae sae easy to fin', a piper like mo whatever."-Pundi. RECENTLY a tenant entered the office of a Tipperary land agent, and throwing a, roll of notes on the tablo exclaimed: "There's' . ivery penny I've got ia the world. It's a year's rint, and yo may take it or lave lt-il ye take it, I'll go to tho workhouse ; if ye lave it, I'll go to Ameriky on it." The agent opened tho notes and counted tho money. " Why, my good min, thcro is more than a ' year's rent here. Thoro ia over four year's rent in Ibo bnndlo." 11 Tho devil there' is," orlad'tho tonant patting his hand in hi« pocket-" bogor, I gov you the wrong bondie of notes after all." -1 