WAS PETER A POPE? 1 ' : Prom tho Reliyious Herald (Baptist), Richmond . Virginia. This is an important question. On its de cision turns tho ' controversy between Pro testants and Roman Catholics. If Peter was not a Pope, tho discussion should be closed. Tho Pope of Rome is not his' successor ; for Peter could have no successor iu au office which he did not fill. If Peter was a Pope, it is still a loeritimate nuestion whether ho had' au official successor. Tho word Pope, from tho Greek papa, moans simply father. The Pope of llomo claims to be the rock, or foundation, on which the Church of .Christ is built— the vicar or representative . of Christ on earth — that priests and bishops derive their authority from him — that ho has power to loose and to bind, to open and to shut the gate3 of heaven, according to his pleasure' — that ho is the final judge on earth of all qucstious per taining to faith and - practice — and that liis decisions are absolutely infallible. lie claims civil as well as spiritual , authority. By him kings have been dethroned, subjects absolved from . their oath of allegiance and kingdoms bestowel on his favourites. lie is aptly des cribed by Paul in 'his language concerning tlio Man of Sin, whether designedly or incidentally we do, not know : -.-Who opposeth and ex- altetli himself abovo all that is called God ; so that, he as God sitteth in tho tqrnplo of God, showing himself that lie is God." Was Peter such a Pope ? If ho was, the -Scriptures : must surely contain proof of it. Baptists ; and; Romanists alike, admit their Divine inspiration and their supreme authority. , We bow - with unfeigned reverence to their teaching. What do they teach of tho Papacy of ; Peter ? . . ' ' . 1 Peter had a wife (Matt, viii., 14), and might have been a Pope or father in the primary sense of1 the term. , In this relation no Pope of Rome can bo legitimately hi3 successor, as he caunot be a married man. In the Catholic sense of the word, as the head of tho Church, Peter was by Christ positively forbidden to be a Pope. Jesus spake "to the multitude and to His disciples, saying, Bo not ye called Rabbi ; for one is your Master, evon Christ, and all yo are brethren. And call no man your father (that is Pope); upon the earth ; for one is your -.Father, , which is in heaven. Neither bo ye called -/Masters-; for ono is your Master, even Christ." (Matt, xxiii., 8— 10.) Some of the earlier dis ciples of Christ aspired to the Papacy. "They disputed among themselves who should be the greatest." They brought their controversy to Jesus, " saying, Who is greatest in the kingdom of heaven?" If Peter was to bo the head of tlie Church, outranking all the disciples, it seems strange that Jesus did not tell them so. The statement of the fact would have ended the dispute, and ' prepared the disciples to yield obedience to the supremo authority of Peter. Jesus told them no such thing; but called a little child unto Him, and set him in the midst of them, and said, Verily I say unto you, ex cept ye be converted, and become as little chil dren, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of ' heaven. Whosoever, therefore, shall humble htmsplf ria this little child. the same is greatest in tho kingdom of heaven;"-— Matt, xvii., 1—3. If Peter was Pope, ho doubtless exercised his Pontifical authority. There is not the slightest evidence in the Scriptures that he overclaimed or exercised it. No apostle, elder,' evangelist or church ever acted under his authority. There were various occasions when, if Peter had been Pope, the exercise of his power was demanded, but not called into use. When Jndas fell from the apostleship, his successor was not appointed by Peter. The appointment was proposed by him; but the two men were selected by the disciples,, and tlie choice was made by lot. " Acts i., 15-20. The seven brethren appointed to attend to tlie tables of ' the poor in Jerusalem ' were chosen,. not by Peter, but by "themulti tude of the disciples ; " guided not by Peter, but by " the twelve ;" and when they ;were chosen, they wero set, not before Peter1 specially, 'but before the apostles ; and when they - had prayed, "they laid their hands on them," Aots vi., 1-0. Had Peter been Popo, an' important time for the exercise of his power' was wlion the council met in Jerusalem to settle the disputo by which the churches had been so much- agitated concerning circumcision. . He wa3 a modest member, but not the head of the council. He gave his opinion in the case ;' but James, hot Peter, gave direction to tho decision of the council. This decision was sent"1 forth under the authority, not of Peter, but of "the apostles, elders and brethren"' Peter exercised no special power in the case. Acts xx. Not enly did Peter fail to exercise Pontifical functions, when their exercise,, if he- possessed them; was demanded, but lie was himself subject to the apostles. Wo read, Acts xiii., 14 ; ." When the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard; that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John." .Without, controversy tho . less is sent by the greater. The father sends the son, not the son .the father ; , the master sends the servant, not the servant the master. The apostolic collego .was greater than Peter, aud he was subordinate to its will. Peter did not go of his own accord , or :at the request of the apostles, but was sent . by their authority, with John, his fellow, to \- attend to the interests of Christ's cause. . Who. sends the Pope ? To whom is he subordinate; 1 v : The , epistles of Peter furnishes evidence, that he laid no claim to the Papacy. He stiles himself . not Pope, .but elder. 1 Peter, v. 1. Throughout his modest epistles, there is not the slightest claim to that vaunted authority exercised or sought to be exercised, by Roman Pontiffs.' The . position of his epistles in the Scriptures, furnish evidence that; thoae who arranged the sacred canon did not accord to him any pre- eminence among tho apostles. His writings are placed, not at the head of the epistles, where they would have been entitled to appear, had their author been the supreme Pontiff but among the minor epistles, and near the close of the canon. Who among the advocates of Popery would give to the writings of a Pope a less prominent position than to those, of his surbor'dinatcs? The; Scriptures, contain many incidental proofs that Peter was not a Pope. "In nothing,", said Paul, "am I behind the chiefest apostles." 2\. Cor. xii., 11, He doubtless had reference to James, Cephas, and John," who he styled' " pillars." Gal. if., 9. Paul had proven his equality with the yerv " chiefest apostles " by the signs of an apostle," which he had wrought .among tho - Corinthians . iu all patience, in .signs, > and wonders,',1 ' and mighty deeds. . 11\. Cor.xii : 12. This claim of the apostle' would not havo been true if Peter had been his superior in office. Ho was, in tliat case, behind Peter in office, and surbordinato to him in authority. Of all. tho apostles, so far as appears from tho Scriptures, Peter was the most, fallible and faulty. Ho not only denied his Lord with oaths aud imprecations, but at Antioch acted iu a manner so uncandid and pusilanimous as to call forth tho public rebuke of Paul. .Peter know that the council in Jerusalem had decided that tho Gospel made no distinction botween converted Jews and Gentiles, and yet,, when ho came to' Antioch, lie dissembled, withdrow himself from the converted Jews, refusing to cat with them, : " foaring - them which were of the circumcision." The, believing Jews dissembled with him, and oven Barnabus was carried away by their deceit. Paul with stood Peter to tho face, and reproved him for his want of candour and firmnesi. . Wtul 1 Paul havo rebuked, him had ho been Pontiff? Who ventures to disputo tho authority and, reprove the- faults of the Popo of Rome among his devoted followers ? '. Straws show which way tho wind blows. In a passage quoted above,;- Paul' writes, " James, Cephas aud John.". Usually Peter is named first among the apostles, doubtless because of his ago, gifts and many noble qualities, but had hoboenPopo, isit probable that Paul, so observant of all proprieties, would havo placed his name after that of James? Who placos the name of the captain before that of the general, or the namo of the sergeant before that of tho captain? Had Peter'been the Pontiff, it would have been an inexcusable breach of pro priety in Paul to place his namo between those of James and John, as if ho had been superior to neither. , , 'Peter, so far from having universal power, was limited in his authority and labours to Jews. _ He was the " apostle of the circumcision." Gal. ii.-S.; He was commissioned to open the door of faith to tho Gentiles ; but witli tlio exception of that service, his apostleship aud labours, so far as appears, were limited to tho Jews ; then, as now, a mero fragment of mankind. Ho preached to the Jews, and his epistles, as appears from references to tho Jewish Scriptures, 1\. Pet. ii., G— 10, 2. Peter iii., 1, ' were addressod to tho believing Jews, Paul, the apostle of the Gentiles, had, a much wider field of labour, and occupied a much more prominent position in the early churches, than did Peter. Peter was greatly honoured in being the first to open the kingdom of God to the Gentiles. It was, however, an hour not free from trouble. " The apostles and brethren that were in Judea heard that the Gentiles had also received the Word of God. And when Peter was comeap to Jerusa'em, they that were of the circumcision contended with, him, saying, Thou wenfest into meii uncircumcised and didst eat with them. . Peter entered into a full defence of his course. He bad seen an instructive vision, bad been providentially guided to Ciesarea, had preached to the Gentiles, and tho Holy Ghost bad fallen on theni as on the disciples at the beginning. He gcould not withstand God. His deference was satisfactory. His accusers "held their peace and glorified God, saying, Then bath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life." The point we make is this : If Peter had been Pontiff would the disciples in Jerusalem have called- him to account for recoiving the believing Gentiles into the Church, or would he have failed to assert his Pontificate authority ? That the propriety, of his course should have been questioned by equals, and that lie should ' have vindicated it by an appeal to facts and argument, were quite reasonable. Wlio,; accepting the supremacy of the Pope, calls in question the wisdom of liis measures ? If Peter was Popo, he differed wide from tho Roman Pontiff. When he makes his appearance,' all devout Catholics fall on their knees' before him. No mortal is deemed his peer. He eats alone, no man being worthy' to sit at the table, with him.. His followers deem" it an honour to kiss liis toe. Inasmuch as multitudes of his' worshippers cannot gain access to him, they honour liim by kissing the toe of. a bronze statue of him in the bacilica of St. Peter's in Rome, which is said to' have been worn away by this mark of adoration. Catholic Kings vie with their subjects in rendering an homage to the Pope never shown to any other human being. Widely different was the conduct of Peter from that "of the Roman Pontiffs. When he, by divine direction, went to Cmsarea to preach' the Gospel, to the, -Gentiles, Cornelius, the Roman centurion, " met him', and fell down at his feet,, 'arid worsliippedlhim. But Peter took him up saying,' Stand up,; I, myself also am aman." Peter was a noble man, an apostle of Christ,' endowed with' the gift' of tongues and the power of "working miracles, and was imbued' with tlio. spirit of inspiration. No man'on earth has ever occupied a higher position than he. He was great, though not the greatest, among the apostles, invested with the highest office ever confei red on mortal. Yet exalted as was Peter, "he instinctively felt that it was incongruous, irrational and not to be tolerated, that one man should fall down before and worship another, however excellent might be, his gifts, beneficent his 'mission" and exalted his office; ' If .ever a mere man was - properly worshipped, Peter -might havo been ; but his own modestyj and his regard for human nature, constrained him to' refuse the proffered homage. Man-worship was rebuked by him in terms of no equivocal import. We repeat, then, if Peter was a . Pope, : he differed immensely foom the Romish Popes. 