LITERATURE THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS-* UUXXCU. M/ »"V _ _ the foundation of dreary, shabby harems in a society of European race. They aped the in cidents of olden religions which lay the greatest stress on thefaith of their votaries, and devised new and gratuitously incredible doctrines for their over-taxed credulity. All this in an age of " universal enlightenment," of the supremacy of science, of general scepticism, when the claims of the priesthood in all countries are mercilessly curtailed by the action of the state, and when the teachers of religion find it necessary to minimise their characteristic doctrines to secure even a con ventional, formal, half-hearted acceptance The whole episode is so anomalous, so con trary to the movement of the time, it seems to derive so little support from the religious in fluences of the day, and to be so opposed by them, that we ask with interest what is the explanation of it all, or most we finally regard it as an inexplicable caprice, a spi ritual freak of the generation? We think that Mrs. Stenhouse's book goes a long way towards a solution of this ques tion. It gives us the key to the interpreta tion. "We have only to read her earlier chapters, describing how she and many others became converts to Mormonism 30 years ago, and we get vaguely to understand the secret of its power. Incredible as it may seem, respectable, educated people believed this faith, adopted it with all their heart and soul, devoted themselves and their livea to it with the zeal and fervour of new converts, gladly accepted suffering and trial for its sake, sub missively bowed to all that it imposed on their belief, and their patience, and their obedience. The difficulty of understanding the case is at the first step. We cannot com prehend how this miserable fraud could have ever been adopted by reasonable human beings as the highest reach, the last supreme triumph, the bright consummate flower of the religious development of man kind. This remains incomprehensible to the last. But we have the fact that they did. They adopted it eagerly, gladly, and with a sense of high spiritual exaltation. They be lieved that the state they thereby reached was the fitting and adequate crown of the long evolution of mankind under the guid ance of Divine Providence. As we have said, when we start from this obvious fact the rest Is easy. The supernatural revelations, the petty miracles, the gibbering " gift of tongues," the frauds and cheats of the sordid impostors at the head of the faith, the humiliations imposed on their moral sense, the rupture of family ties, the sufferings of the march through the desert—all that seem obstacles and hindrances—only proved mere help and stimulus to the believer. Once again, though in a very sorrowful way, was an ex emplification of the might of the faith that can move mountains given to an unbelieving generation. Mrs. Stenhouse writes in a graphic, vivacious style, which at times runs near falling into garrulity, and enables us to see very vividly the influence exerted by the long-haired, greasy, shabby prophets sent out by Brigham Young to recruit saints, male and female, for the new Zion beyond the Rocky Mountains. These men preached with the fervour and glow of revivalists. They addressed them selves to quarters where the decay of religious belief without a counterbalancing growth of mental power and weight had left the religious sentiments void and unoccupied. The very vastness of their claims stood as their warrant They " had the gift of the Holy Ghost, "and at once demanded the implicit and absolute surrender of the reason and faith of their disciples. Shabby parvenus in the religious world, they assumed all the prero- gatives and practised all the tricks of priest craft from the earliest ages. Directly they had, by the contagious influence of their fanatic zeal, established a lodgment in the mind they silenced all doubts and question, ingsby the declaration that-"To doubt is sin ; whatsoever is not of faith is sin." This principle once imposed on the convert, he *An Englishwoman in Utah: The Story of a Life's Experience in Mormanism. An Autobiography, by 1\. . AH AUWluiuKrajJuy, ujr : 'London: flunpsw Low, 1880. became but as clay in the hands of these saintly potters, and was moulded by them in time into very strange forms indeed. Their rites and observances, their mystic doctrines, their miraculous gifts, and their supreme advantage of a present revelation still fresh from its source, were all so many aids. But these would have found little ground to work upon had it not been for the default of the ordinary, conventional churches and creed, which leave BO much of the religious sentiment of the people un supplied and untended, and liable to become a prey to any novel imposture, from Mor monism to spiritualism. Our author gave her whole heart and soul to the new church of her election. She married Mr. Stenhouse, an elder and missionary, and soon afterwards had to part from him, as he was sent on a mission to Italy. His mission there was a failure, and her remarks on this are so instructive and suggestive that we may quote them as sup porting much that we have already said: " It was not the expectation of the Mormon Apostles that the missionaries would do much in Catholic Italy. The same causes were in operation there as affected the work in France. Few, if any, really good Roman Catholics have ever joined the Saints. The Irish mission was never successful, and the same may be Baid of the French and Italian missions. In France and Italy by far the greater part of the people might be classed under two heads-Roman Catholics and infidels. The first had already an infallible gaide in which they trusted; and as for the infidels, they ridiculed the idea of any guide at alL Both classes were ut terly devoid of that acquaintance with Scripture of which the Mormon missionaries understood so well how to take advantage, and which rendered those so susceptible to religious influences wbo took the Bible as their basis. The missionaries in Italy soon experienced the difficulties presented by these facts." After a time of separation, during which she Buffered a good deal of privation and want, her husband returned from Italy, and aoon afterwards they both went, on behalf of the church, to Switzerland, where they were more successful in gaining converts. While they were there the doctrine of polygamy, of which she and her Mormon frends had heard whispers, but which was always re pudiated by saints and apostles from Utah, was formally promulgated as a definite supplementary revelation. This proved a .very great trial to the faith of many believers, and many took the precaution, which she did, of exacting from their husbands solemn pledges that they would never make use of the privilege this doctrine conferred. But, through it all, no doubt of the divine origin of their religion seemB to have crossed their minds, and they submissively bowed to what seemed the mysterious dispensation of a higher power, which sometimes concealed itself in clouds and darkness from the eyes of men. Though the little Mormon colony in Switzerland were saddened by this news, the Protestant pastor there-who bad become a convert-was, as Mrs. Stenhouse tells us in a drolly humorous way, affected in a different manner. He was more than threescore years and childless, and the case of Abraham and Sarah and Hagar seemed to suggest to him comforting possibilities. And so, when the others were clouded by the new doctrine, he took a more cheerful view of it, and declared " It ought to be prayerfully thought of." However, his wife disposed of the matter in a curt way without any prayerful consideration, and Mrs. Stenhonse, looking back on the incident after the experience of many years, regretted that the whole body of Mormon women did not follow her example. About this time there was great excite ment among the Saints at Utah. Mormonism did not neglect the advantages to be derived from preaching the immediate destruction of the world. The vials of wrath were soon to be poured out, and there was to be no safety anywhere save in Utah. These denuncia tions caused a great emigration to the American Zion, and Mormons in Europe sold off their property at any ruinous sacrifice to provide the means of getting there. The terrible journey had to be made across the American continent and over the Rocky Mountains, and no attempt seems to have been made to time these journeys so that they Bhould all take place in the summer season. Mr. and MrB. Stenhouse managed to get over very comfortably, but our author gives from the letters of a female friend a narrative of the journey made by a party of about 500 in number, who started in accord ance with a plan devised by Brigham Young, conveying their provision, and baggage on handcarts. The sufferings and hardships of this frightful journey were most cruel, and of 420 who left Florence City, after their original number had been reduced by losses and de sertions, no less than 67 were buried on the march. A later company of 600 buried 150 on the journey. The heartless brutality of the Mormon leaders, who were responsible for this state of things, was aggravated by their reckless, insulting cruelty. For instance, while one of these wretched companies was straggling, sick, weary, footsore, half famished, frostbitten, along the toilsome road, they were overtaken by a "grand turn-oat of carriages and light waggons, each carriage drawn by font horses." They conveyed some Apostles, and Elders, and other distinguished servants of the Lord. These saintty rascals, who were riding comfortably and well pro vided, actually appropriated some of the choicest of the stores of the miserable emigrants, and drove off after giving them a lecture on "faith, and patience, and obedi ence.'-' Across these plains and mountain ranges in which the unfortunate emigrants wore paths with their weary feet, the railway, a Mrs.' Stenhouse' reminds us, now whirls travellers in 'the swift and luxurious transit of a Pijll^oan palac$-car. - The first experiences of the new arrivals. at Utah were not encouraging. The women , soon saw the degraded, demoralised condition of their Mormon sisters under the rule of polygamy, and saw at the same time what they had to expect. They were initiated in the mysteries of " proxy wives" and "spiritual wives," and all the other devices of erotic piety about which so much has been written. They soon learned, too, by the " tithing" exactions imposed upon them some thing of the grasping character of the hard rule under which they had come to spend their lives. Mrs. Stenhouse devotes some chapters of minute detail to Brigham Young and his 19 wives, but all this is ground which the literary tourist in recent years has made familiar to every reader, and we need not follow her description. She and her husband had to go through the ceremony of re-marriage at the Endowment House, and she gives a curious account of its grotesque and ludicrous details. It is quite natural that a woman should give great .prominence to the in stitution of polygamy, that she should exhibit great curiosity about the domestic arrange ments of the polygamous saints, and should set out in minute description the results of her investigations, and that when Mr. Stenhouse was forced by the inlluence of public opinion, and the exhortations of his religious guides, to take a second wife, the incidents of the courtship and marriage, and subsequent com plications of wedded life should be set out in full and exhaustive narrative. In all this we have little inclination to follow our author, and the reader, we have no doubt, is quite ready to take all this for granted. The whole business is so shabby, and sordid, and brutal, its sensuality is so passionless, and un romantic, and coarsely commonplace, and its grossness is so unredeemed by any of the re finements under which vice loves to disguise itself that it is impossible to feel any in terest in the matter. A full account is given by the author of the cowardly and barbarous massacre by some armed bands of Mormons of a party of Arkansas emigrants, numbering 120 men, women, and children, who were murdered in cold blood early in September, 1857, at Moun tain Meadows. The assailants were under the orders of John D. Lee, afterwards Bishop Lee, and they were, there is no doubt, acting in accordance with instructions from Brigham Young. When the authority of the Government was established in Utah a few years ago Lee was brought to trial, and though the jury failed to convict, a second trial ended differently, and Lee was con victed and sentenced to death. The sen tence was carried out in March, 1877, and he was taken to the place of the massacre and shot. The ruffian met his doom in a spirit of dignity and resignation, declaring that he felt " as calm as a summer morning," and that his " conscience was clear before God and man, and he was ready to meet his Kedeemer." Unless we consider that we possess some infallible criterion of sincerity, we must consider that his act was one of the many crimes that have been perpetrated in the cause of religion, with the conviction that the pious end cousecrated the means. But we cannot further add to the length of this notice of an interesting book which nelps us in many ways to an understanding of one of the strangest phenomena of our genera tion. In the two little volumes* before ns Mr. Nicholson has tried prose and verse of many forms-be has written pathetic pieces, humoroos pieces, satiric pieces. He has written much that is quite valueless, and that had quite adequately served its purpose when it had occasioned a momentary amuse ment The humorous portion seems to us very sad and dreary, and we could hardly imagine even the author reading it without a sinking of heart and a doubt whether it were humorous at alL The epigrams, again, are terribly lame and impotent, and are wanting in every epigrammatic quality. The translation of Schiller's Lied von der Glocke is poor and weak, and very ill fitted to convey any idea of the force and sweetness and tune ful changes and contrasts of the original. Still, among a good deal of very little worth, Mr. Nicholsons collection includes one or two little pieces of genuine pathos and poetic feeling, of which the simple little poem " Clara" seems to us to be about the best. ' Tbe Opal Fever and Bunkum in Parro, by **»'« thiel Doles. Brisbane: F. T. F. Keogh. Hubert and other Poems, by John H. Nicholson (Salithiel Doles). Brisbane: F. T. F. Keogh. 