ORIGINAL POETRY. LINES BY A GIRTON GIRL. RAVINGS OF A MATHEMATICAL TBXPOS CAN DIDATE. " The angle of reflection Is equal to the angle of incidence." Hino ill® lachrywee. Fill me a cup of Indian tea 1 Hot and Btrong as the Indian Ban. Four days I've toiled, and my heart is faint, Weary and faint at the work I've done. Thrice I've been wrecked on an unknown C; Thrice lost my head on a trackless plane. I've started away from a given point, And never have reached that point again. I've angled with baited breath in streams Where never angler cast line before. Scared to behold an opposing face, Immereed in depths I could not explore. After hours ot torture up a tree, In the branches and limbs of a crabbed curve, I've mounted a tower of unknown height, Grieved to record there was nought to observe. I've entered circles I couldn't describe, And drawn absurd conclusions therein, In a space so strictly circumscribed That I could not but end where I did not begin. Relations I've tried in vain to find Between pairs I had never seen before, Inclined howe'er to each other they were, To me a hostile aspect they bore. Newton's rings I've sought to describe, When little I've recked of jewels or gold. Values of functions L've failed to tell, Whose value, if known, had been untold. 'Twere long to tell of right lines drawn Astray from the paths of rectitude, Of results too proud to correspond With sums with which they'd established a feud. Of rigid bodies too stiff to move, Abandoned bodies of base intent, Of parallel lines that would meet at last W here there neither was time nor space to prevent. Of limits so very superior To all the force I could bring to bear, That nought but an infinite series of biota Marks the resistance that met me there. Now I hang in suspense from a string Uniform, dense, inextensible, WhOBe (in) tension regarding me Is one of the unsolved problems Btill. Talk not to me of severed hearts, F'.Of dear ones banished beyond recall. To part with the knowledge we don't possess, That is the hardest parting of all! Alas ! A1«h ! for the vanished tips! Alas ! Alas ! for the brooding gloom ! A vaunt! ye ghosts of deluding hopes, Leave me alone to await my doom ! 