STHE MIURDER AT THE INN. . Jonathan Bradford kept an inn on the. London road to Oxford, in the year 1736. Mr. .Iayes, a gentleman of fortune, being "on his way to Oxford, put up at Bradford's, and there joined the company with two gentlemen, with whom hlie supped. In' c onverntion he uiguardedly mentioned that he had 'then about him a large sum of.money. In due time they retired to their respective chambers; the two gentlemien to a double-bedded room, 'leaing a " ' candle burninig in the chimney corner. . Some hours after they were in:.bed, one of tlhe gentlemen, being awake, thought o heard a deep groan in the adjoining clamber, and this being repeated, hoe softly awaked his friend. They lib toned togetler;,and the groans increasing, as of a some one dying; they both instantly arose, and pro 'ceded silently to the door of. the next chamber, 'from 'whence they heard the' groans. ' The door being ajar, they saw a light in the room; they * entered, but it is impossible to paint their conster nation on perceiving a person weltering in his blood .in .the ,bed, and a man standing over him iwith a dark lantern in one hand and a knife in the other. The man seemed as petrified as themselves; bitt his terror carried with it all the terror of guilt! The gentlemen soon discovered the murdered person was the stranger with whom they had that night supped, and. that the man who was standing over him 'as their landlord. -They seized Bradford'di . rectly, disarmed him of his knife, and charged him . :with being the murderer: he assumed by this time the air of innocence, positively denied the crime, and asserted that he came there with the same humane intentions as themselves; for that, hearing a noise, which wris succedededby a groaning, he got ' at once out of bed, struck alight, armed himself -with a knife for his defence;' and 'had but that \- minute entered the room before them. These assertions were of but little avail: he was Skept in eldse custody till the .iorningg, and then taken 'before a'sneighbouring justice, of the peace. .Bradford still denied'the 'murder, but nevertheless, ,with such 'apparent indicationfs of. guilt, that the ?nagistrate hesitated not to make 'use of this extra -;rdinary expzression, on writing out his commitial " Mr. Bradford, either you or myself committed 'this 'murder." This extraordinary affair was the conversation:of :the whole country. Bradford was tried and con demned, over and over ngain, in every company. In 'the midst of all this predetermination came on tihe a'ssizes at Oxford. Bradford was brought to trial, ,and pleaded " Not Guilty." 'Nothing could be more strong than the evidence of the two gentlemen; they testified to the finding Mr. IIayesmurdered in ]his bed; Bradford at the side of the 'body with a " light and a knife; that knife, and' the hand.which; held it, bloody; that on entering the room hi be trayed all the signs of a guilty man, and thatia few moments preceding they had heard the groans of; the deceased. 'Braidfoirl's defence on the trial was the same as! bofore thb gentlemen: he had heard anoise; he 'suspected some v illany transacting; -hi struck a: light;? he snatched a 'knife' (the only: weapon near' him) to defend 'himself; anid the terrors hes dis covered were merely the terrars of humanity, the natural effects of jnnode'aiee as 'well 'as guilt, on beholding such'a horrid.?eene. ' -'s e . " SThis defence, however, could be considered brit as 'weak, contrasting with sereral. powerful, cirnem stances ageinst him. Never was- circumstantial! evidence more strong. There was, little need of cominidnt from' the judge 'in sumnming up 'tl. evidence. No room, appeared, for extenuation the jury brought in the prisoner -" Guilty," bren writhout going out of the box. Bradford was executed shortly, after,, still declaring that lie was not the murderer, nor privy to the murder of a.Mr. 1ayes; bit lie died disbelieved by all. " "?oet were those assertions true! .The munrder was actually committed by Mr. Hayes' footman;:whllo, immediately, on: stabbing, his master,., rifled his brecelhes of his money, goldwatch, aniid snuff-box, and escaped to his own. room "?ihich 'conld'havr been,':from the after cireumstances, seaicely two seconds before Bradford's entering.the apartment of the unfortunate.gentleman. Then world 'owes this knowledge to a remorse of coscience in the foot-" ai'ii '(ighteen ni?oths after the execution of Brad ford)' ona, bed of sickness; it wans a deathbed re' pdntance; and by that death the lair lost its victism. It is much to. be wished that- this account could close here,:but it cannot. Bradford, though in roceilt, and not privy to tho murder, was.never theless, thli murderer in design.' He. had heard, ir:w'ell;as'ltheo'footaini, whalat Mr.: I"aye's"i'ad declared 'at' supper, as . to his having"' a' large sumr of ',money about' him;., and; he. went : to the ,chamber. with, thb, same diabolil : inten tions as 'the seriiant. 'lie 'was struck 'with 'ahiae ieiit !--ho could not believeI his senses !-and .in turning:btick the bedclothes, to assure himself'of thid fact,he;'in his agitation, dropped his knife on the bleeding body,, bywhich both his;hands and the knife became bloody. These circumstances Bradford acknowledged to the clergyman who attended him after his sentence. :m . The wayside inn where thel.tragedy took place was long afterwards declared: to be haunted, not onlybv the ghost of. the murdered gentleman, but likewise that of Jonathan Bradford, who, whs fre quently seen, it was said, with the halter round his " Conolatory ,A : good del ,of the 'consolation offered in this world is about as solacing as the assni rnanee of the man: to his wife ?vhein she fell into the river :' You'll find ground at the bottominmy dear ! A Saving Clause.-John asked Julia if she would have him. N.ho," said:she, " I?will not havoreyou" buit before :Joh'n could recover f rom the. shock, 'she arcahlypnpt i ";Batyodnmayhare mel'.' i;.i',;tt yi 9I ,.espectable.L . o youkisr Gnrl i sid a.wittyliterary.man,,the otherdayi , to a friend; "asi that 'disagreeable;adgent was goingby.=,' No.by - v ' oLook A.t him ?'itherespetsaid the firstspeaker "WIy "''" Because the heela of his boots have 1 seen theenemy.. .... . " t I ': A'dideult"case.=Afellow, half seas over,::andi I a-king onbotih' ides of the way,iyesterday inquired the direction of a. certain' street. ?"Keep ,straight i ahead was'itlihe reply.'; oStighl exclaimed ther it followjustready to go off oua,,tho4htler;taok, «;st can't that,'.' .· 