TELEGRAMS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) I Hamilton, Dec. 6. THE STRAY LEAVES. The: prosecution of Ella Carrington and Lillie Reid, and C. H. Taylor, of the Stray Leaves Company, commenced this morning,before Mr. Hamilton, theStipendary Magistrate, and Mr. Wiggs, J. P. The enquiry was conducted with closed doors. Mr. S. Samuel defended. Two little girls, named Charlotte Gray, and Georgina Drummond, deposed to having unearthed the toes of a baby in the Creek at Coleraine on the 14th November. Constable McGaim stated that on going to the spot indicated, he saw a white bundle, partly covered with sand. He pulled the calico aside, and exposed the child's feet. He pulled the bundle out and found it contained tbe body of a newly-born female child, buried head downwards. He' arrested the two female prisoners on the Sonth Australian Border on the 24th November. Cross-examined by Mr, Samuel—When he swore the information against them on the 20th November he believed it to be true. He took the prisoners to his own quarters, where Ella Carriugton exposed her breasts to his wife to show there was | no milk in them, which. she contended < would have .been if she had recently had a child. Ella Carrington denied ever having gone near the Greek, where the body was found, and declared she was innocent and could not imagine how such a report could have arisen. She admitted having been ill afewdays previously at Hamilton, but denied having had a miscarriage or that she-had told; any person so. Upon being pressed the witness admitted having told Miss Reid that he did not think her guilty and such was still his opinion. He had,, however, just cause to believe her guilty, when he swore the information on the 20th November. .When he first told her this he was not convinced that the girl was in such a state that he told her this in order to keep up her spirits. He then had a suspicion that she was not guilty. It was between the 20th and 25th November 'that he changed his opinion ; but notwithstanding this he brought the prisoners before the Magistrates, >and asked for a remand to Hamilton, and never said a Word about1 having' altered his opinion as to the guilt of Lillie Reid. Superintendent, Chambers remarked that he had never heard of this before, and now, of course, it was no use going on with the case against Lillie Reid, when the prosecuting constable was of such'an opinion. He added that it had been! the intention of the police all along to withdrew the case against Lillie Reid, but they wished to hear the evidence first. She would, upon being discharged, be available as a witness. ' In answer to Mr. Samuel the witness stated that he was aware of Lillie Reid \ being pregnant at the time he saw Ella j Carrington perform at Coleraine on the ' evenings of the 3rd and 4th November, ! when she did a little dancing. Dr. Anderson gave evidence as to the post mortem examination, which went.to show that the child had lived and had been killed violently. . By Mr. Samuel—The child was in a condition to live if it had suffered no injury. The state of its lungs proved that it had breathed, and other signs went to show it had lived. It might, however, have died before being severed from its mother. John Hardy Mockwood, saddler, of Coleraine, stated that between 7*30 and 8 o'clock in the evening of the 4th Nov. he saw two persons dressed as females, one of whom he identified as Ella Carrington, leave the Coleraine Mechanics' Institute and go in the direction of the place where the body was found. He lost sight of thein when he first saw them, but saw thein returning.- Then they were about fifty yards from where the body was found. They went into the Mechanics'. Institute, where on the same evening he saw Ella Carrington appear in male and female costume and sing and dance. The track leading down to the river was a beateu one, used by many persons. In answer to prisoner Taylor*—The females were dressed in ordinary attire and not in female costume similar to that which Taylor subsequently performed the character of an Irish woman in. James Taylor, bootmaker, of Coleraine, said he saw two females going down to the creek where the body was found between 7 and 8 o'clock on the evening of the 4th November. Afterwards he saw them return from the same direction and go into the Mechanics' Institute. He could not identify either of them. At noou the Police Magistrate, having to attend at Dunkeld, adjourned the Court until 5 in the afternoon. On resuming further witnesses were examined, and both the paisoners were discharged, the Magistrate being of the opinion that although there was a slight shadow of a suspicion against the female prisoner, there was none against Taylor, and the evidence given by Lillian lleid, who slept in the same room as Ella Carrington at Hamilton and Coleraine, went to show that no baby had been born on the night in question, so far as Ella Carrington was concerned. All the accused were accordingly released from custody. Ella Carrington and Lillie Reid have been in prison on: this charge for a considerable time, and have suffered great pecuniary loss in consequence. The Magistrates' decision has given general satisfaction. Adelaide, December 6. Edwards won the go-as-you-please tournament with 172 miles, two laps;-Craig 147 miles ; Gibson 134 miles ; Francis 103 miles ; Wliittlesea 62 ; Monaghau 60 miles. A fatal accident occurred at the Nairne Railway works on Saturday. McSonley, a uav\ ie, while wheeling a barrow along a plank over a crossing, overbalanced^ and. fell. on. the. point of a pickaxe, which entered his brain, killing him almost immediately. An inquest was held and a verdict of accidental death returned. The jury censured Messrs. Walker and Swan's representatives for not taking any trouble after the accident. The Park meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club, was held on Saturday resulted as under — Hurdles—Miss Banter, Sultan, Peer. November Handicap—Aurora, Silver Thread, Don Carlos. Handicap Steeplechase—Charlie, Joker, Selector. Flying Handicap — Silver Thread, Strucksail, Impudence. Selling Race—Liddington, Orphan, Ace of Trumps. An inquest was held this morning in the Destitute Asylum, on the body of an inmate, named Morris, who was found with his throat cut yesterday. A verdict was returned of suicide while temporarily insane. The two blackboys reported to be murdered at Catherine are found to be alive and well. Melbourne, December 6. Another dastardly outrage has been committed by larrikins, similar to the Collingwood case. It occurred on Saturday evening at Carlton. The Police arrested three of the ruffians, and four others escaped. An extensive robbery of silk has been discovered in one of the Custom House sheds on the wharf. The Age this- morning comments contemptously on the want of hospitality displayed by tbe Marquis of Normanby towards the representatives at the Intercolonial Conference. At the last sitting of the Conference Mr. Watson handed in the following memo. :—The representatives of South Australia and New South Wales agree that the convention entered into by the Colonies on the 13th October, 1878, which terminated on the 30th June last, shall again be brought into operation for three years from the 1st January, 1881, subject to the following modifications: that South Australia increase her duties on imported wines, spirits, and unmanufactured tobacco to the rate now levied by New South Wales, and shall increase the duty payable on spirits distilled in tbe colony to two-thirds of that now levied on imported spirits in New South Wales in lieu of the collection of duties shaLl be £47,500, payable quarterly. At the Go-as-you-please contest on Friday night an attempt was made by a spectator to incapacitate Baker by giving bim drngged beer. Baker took a little, and feeling ill had to retire for a short time. Afterwards the liquor was drunk by another person, who in a short time was rendered unconscious. The go-as-you-please resulted as follows :—Baker, 307 miles, 1 lap ; Swan, 306miles,. 10 laps; Seymour, 286 miles, 3 laps. The South Australian delegates at the Melbourne Conference left, on Saturday for Hamilton. At a meeting of shareholders of the Frozen Meat Company a report was presented respecting the recent shipment of meat by the Protos. In moving the adoption, of the report Sir Jas. McCulloch, the chairman, stated that he had received - information from London to the effect that two contractors were prepared to take fifty sheep per diem under favorable con.ditions. Ai long discussion ensued on a question relating to conveyance, and re-' gret was expressed that the Orient Company had not adhered to their original intention of having refrigerating machines fittedup oil" board* meir ' steamers The report was adopted un anixn ously, and the directors were ;urged to expend .whatever gums were required to ensure the Company's success. Tlie Otago Cricket blub have forwarded a magnificent presentation,' consisting of a trophy of solid gold representing a cricket bat, t<>. Mr. Murdoch. - . - ... Mr.Patterson . -informed a deputation that he would commence railway construction immediately the harvest was gathered so that there need no longer be any unemployed in Melbourne. It is rumored in cricketing circles that Shaw anil Lillewhite propose organising another Ail-England Eleven to visit Australia next year. Mr. Sargent, late caterer at the Exhibition, has commenced legal proceedings against Mr. James Munro, the commissioner, for unlawful assault. Five youths, all very respectably connected with residents in East Melbourne, were committed for trial charged with injuring a Chinaman's eye with a shanghai. Bail was allowed. The licensed victuallers have determined to raise the price of colonial beer a penny per pint. Several children have been kidnapped lately. j The intercolonial Conference met on Thursday, and adopted the report of the committee of the Legislative Assembly on Phylloxera. A resolution was carried pledging the respective colonies to pay proportions of the £20,000 required to stamp out the disease. Sir Henry Parkes submitted rules for the formatiou of a federal council, and hoped the conference would pledge itself to joint legislation on the Chinese question, and representation to the Imperial Government regarding tlie treaty relations between Great'Britain and China. Sir Henry Parkes' amended paper on the border duties was considered. The Victorian representatives disagreed, and it was decided not to take a division on the question. It was arranged to hold the adjourned conference at Sydney on the 13th of January. To-morrow the Conference will hold its last sitting. A banquet will be given at Parliament House , to-morrow ev.euiug to the representatives of Sydney and Adelaide. It is stated that Ned Kelly was married, immediately prior to the police murders. The woman is. now- an inmate of the hospital at Melbourne, suffering from the effects of a. snake-bite, and is described as a woman of good looks and modest demeanor. The story has every appearance of truth. A serious robbery, of a marble statuette is reported as having occurred in the Italian Court at the Exhibition. Sydney, December G. H.M.S. Emerald sails for. the South Sea Islands to-day. A youth, named Harrison, stabbed a youth named NVolsey in the right side during a quarrel. Punch, the aquatic enthusiast, is dangerously ill. A man named Baker was shot in the ribs at Teinora. It is doubtful whether it is an accident or not. As Mr. J. C. Laycock, the father of the famous sculler, was loading a gun at Grafton, the powder exploded, seriously injuring his eyes. A strange occurrence, in which there appears to be some truth, is reported to have taken place in a house at Paramatta. The spiritualists attribute the affair to ghosts. The present evidence shows the occurrence to be unaccountable. Another massacre in the South Seas is reported. Captain Murray and two of the crew of the cutter Loelia, of Sydney, and who had beeu trading in rifles: with natives at Port Webber, Duke of. York Island, went ashore in order to obtain a satisfactory settlement for tlieir^ ^oods, and while talking to the chief tlie Captain was murdered and the other two were killed directly after. Captain. Murray leaves a widow and family in Sydney. At Coonamble a publican named Charles Bander shot his wife dead. He. then reloaded his gun and shot himself-. The cause is said to have been domestic troubles. At Newcastle a bonbadier named Frederick Boys, belonging to the permanent force, stationed at Signal Hill, was terribly burnt about the face, head, and left arm by an explosion of gunpowder. Boys had been amusing himself by laying down, a train of powder, which by some means became iguited, blowing him up as he was standing over it, and, scorching the hair off his head aud face. A man lias been, shot by his mate in mistake for a native bear whilst they were camping near Carcoar. The following are the scratchings for the Summer Cup-:—Elastic, Esmonde, Allurement, Democrat, Martiudale, Pontiff, Kelso, Victor, Rowen. Brisbane, December 6. A meeting of the Catholics decided to indemnify the proprietor of the Australian for the costs of the late libel case. Mr. Thomasson, the agent for Abbott and Co., threatens action against the Brisbane newspapers for comments resspectmg steel rails supplied for a con-, tract. The New Guinea natives have attacked. Rigo Island, beche-de-mer station, killing the men and. spearing the womeu. The Corea, from Thursday Island, reports that pearl shell is being obtained in large quantities in. the Straits. A new gold field has been proclaimed at Boolboonda, in, the Mount Perry district. The Norton goldfield, in the Gladstone district, gives very encouraging prospects. The last crushing yielded from four to seven ounces-to the ton. The Wilde River tin mines still return a steady and satisfactory, yield. 