NEWS OF THE DA Y. Affairs will 1 soon come to a climax at .Candabur. . Transport difficulties have been overcome, and General Phayro lias resumed his inarch towards Candahar. Generals Roberts aud Phayre have communicated with each other, and they will make a combined at tack on Ayoub's army. When General Roberts arrived at Khelat-i-GbUzai, SO inile9 from Candahar, with 10,000 men under his command, he found the British garrison there, under Gcucral Tanner, unmolested, though au attack from Ayoub Khan's army had been anticipated. Affaira in the .East wear a more pacific aspect than recent telcgratna might have led readers to expect. The Sultan of Turkey is as strongly opposed to the terms demanded by the conference, but there appears to be every probability that he will unwillingly yield to the stipulations laid . down at Berlin, in con sequence of the firm attitude of the European powers, who have replied to his counter pro posals upon the Greek frontier question. In these proposals the Sultan undertook to. cede a portion of territory iu lieu of the area indi cated by the recent Berlin conference. The joint powers refuse to assent to his sugges tions, aud insist on' his ceding . the territory originally demanded. The new Liberal Government have met with considerable obstruction in the Houss of Commons. Tho Home Rulers bitterly op posed the vote for the maintenance of the police force in Ireland. The Commons sat for twenty-one hours consecutively, during which time acrimonious discussions took place. Eventually the Government gave way, and consented to adjourn the vote. It is intended to close the discussion some time next week. The whitebait dinner will be held ou the 1st September. The Government have determined to abandon the prosecution against Mr. Davitt, who nt the close of last year Was arrested, with Messrs. ICillen, Daly j aud Brennan, for sedition. The Ground Gome Bill introduced by the Government, giving tcnauts the right to the hares und rabbits on their land, has passed its third reading in the Commons by a large majority. The police have discovered and frustrated a Penian plot to blow up a powder miU at Ballincollig, a town ou the Bride River, live miles west from Cork. A terrible hurricane has occurred in Jamaica. The island lias been devastated, and over 1U00 people rendered homeless. The Australian eleven have been defeated by the eighteen of Stockport. The scores were : Stock port, 23S j Australians, 188. The Australians therefore lost by 100 runs, which is fully ac- counted for by the absence of two of their best men, Blnckham and Banrierman, A Cabinet meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon, nt which final arrangements aro to be made for meeting tho House arid the con duct of Government business. Both Houses meet to-morrow afternoon at half-post four. The sitting of tho Legislative Assembly is not likely to be a long one. After the election of committees and the trans action of other routine business, notice will be given of the several bills which the Government are desirous of passing with all possible des patch. Two of the most urgeut measures to which the House will be asked to give its sanction are the bills providing for the issue of Exchequer bills for a brief period, and for the construction of the Lanceficld railway. Tho latter measure it is necessary to hhvc passed through all it3 stages without delay, in order that legitimate work can be afforded to the unemployed. Amongt other irregularities disclosed by the special audit of the accounts of the Wiminera shire council, it is stated that about £14U0 has been obtained from the Government by an untrue representation of tho financial question of the i-liirc. Besides this sum, it is alleged that about £2000 has been ex pended by the council in an illegal manner ; and seeing that the ratepayers have already taken action in tho matter, it is possible that they will take . the necessary steps to render the councillors liable for the money they have wrongfully . expended. The Government will probably take action with regard to the allegation that £1400 has been improperly obtained from tho State, but the report of the auditors lias not yet been officially brought under the notice of the Min isters. The board appointed to inquire into the charges made by Bain and tion for certain work done for the Railway department have held several meetings, at which evidence on the points at issue luis been taken. So far the testimony adduced has gone to prove that the charges made were fair and reasonable. Tho board will sit again to-day and hear further evidence, and will probably draw up nnd send in their report to tho Commissioner of Rail ways on Tuesday or Wednesday. Information has been received within the last few days that a singular robbery occurred during the last voyage of the steamer Cuzco from Melbourne to London. Mr. Garner, well known in theatrical circles in this city, had despatched a cai,'e containing gold and silver watches, said to number about seventy-six, and to amount in . value to nearly £1000, to Mr. E. Streeter, jeweller, of Bond-street, London. The parcel was forwarded under the care of Sutton and Co., carriers, uud Mr. Frank Tate superintended the shipment. When the parcel arrived at its destination tho case was found to be empty. By lost advices no tiyice of the missing property or of the per petrators of the robbery had been found. An action of ejectment, bearing some pecu liar features, came before the Emerald- hill court ou Saturday.' Donald Robertson, owner o: the Standard Hotel, Dorcua-street, Bought to eject the present licensee, William Shane, whose lease had expired on the Sth inst. On the 13th, Mr. Daly, attorney for the complain ant, served notice of ejectment on Mrs. Sliane, and declared m court that he had read to her the contents of the notice. On the 17 th Mrs. Shane paid a' month's rent in advance to an office boy in the service of the plaintiff's a'gent, whose agency for this property, however, had expired with the lease, a fact of which the de fendant had been advised. Tho boy naturally took the money and gave a receipt for it as ho had often done in other case;, though not with this property. The money was afterwards returued to defendant. Mr. Goldsmith, for the defendant, contended that as the lease provided for monthly pay ments of £7 rent in advance, and a month's rent had been accepted, as shown by the boy's receipt produced, after the expiry of the lease, the defendant was entitled to another year's tenancy, subject to a six months' notice. He also took the technical objection that the no tice had not bsjen read to defendaut at the time of service. Mrs. Shane swore positively that Mr. Daly did not read the notice, and a brewer's traveller, named Bellman, who was in the bar at the time, made a similar state ment on oath. After a brief consultation the presiding magistrate, Mr. Cowie, stated that the bench were unanimous in believing Mr. Daly's statement against tho combined testi mony of Mrs. Shane and Beitmau, and were equally agreed that no grounds u»r a new tenancy had been established. An order was made to issue a warrant of ejectment, ' allowing defendant seven days' grace for re moval. . - At the adjourned mooting of tho Heidel berg shire council on Wednesday last, the chairman, Cr, Bond, before proceeding with business, said he wished to call the attention of the council to a report which appeared in the Mercury of tho 1-lth inst., headed " Ex traordinary Scene in a Shire Council." He road from the report — " On the assembling of the council Mr. Bond took the chair, when the shire secretary, Mr. Wingrove, in ft peremptory manner, said he had no business there, that it was not hia place further on the secretary was. accused of using very unbecoming lan guage towards a member of the council, such a3 <4 Oh, you want showing up, do you ? You won't shield yourself. Well, you'll be sorry for it, I tell you," &c.;, the other members of the council sitting still while one of their num ber was insulted. The report ended by saying that matters would not rest here, but at the next council meeting steps would be takeuto prevent a recurrence of such disgraceful and disorderly scones. Tho chairman stigmatised the whole' report, from beginning to end, as falco, and said that it must have been the product of the imagination of the gentleman who, for the first time, was sent . to report the proceedings of the council. In a sub sequent issue the Jicrcarystatcd that two coun cillors had given their assurance that the state ments published were strictly correct. Seven members of the council condemned in ntrong terms the wording of the report, and said there was no foundation whatever for the statements made. Cr. Scotland said tliat, when calling at the office of the Mercury on other business, lie had said that thereport was grossly exaggerated. Cr. N. Ellis maintained that the expressions were used towards himself, but it was at the rising of the council, when the business had terminated. Mr. Spavin, who was present, re presenting the Mercury > said that it was suf ficient for him that two councillors had endorsed his report. After other business had been transacted, Cr. Smith proposed a vote of thanks to the secretary, and said the council might be proud of their officer,; for the systematic way in which he fulfilled his duties. Mr. Wingrove, in returning thanks, observed that the expression of confidence came most opportunely after the attacks made upon him by the Mercury. Replies have been received from the gover nors of Tasmania and Western Australia, accepting the invitation of the president to be present at the opening of the Melbourne Inter national Exhibition on the 1st of October. The governor of Xew Caledonia has intimated that the affairs of that colony v/ill prevent him from being present, and the officers of his suite will also be unavoidably absent. Sir Arthur Gordon, governor of Fiji, whose early departure from that colony will prevent him from attending on the occasion, has also written to tlie president, thanking him for tho cordial invitation, and expl&iuiug; tho circum stances which compel him to return a negative reply. In accordance with arrangements made be tween the unemployed and the Commissioner of Public Works, a list of the names of those seeking work 1ms been prepared aud sub mitted to the department by Mr. Fillingham, who headed the deputation which waited upon Mr. Langvidge last week. Amongst the 200 names ou the list are tho3C of several single men, who will probably have to give way to the superior claims of the married inen. It is the intention of the Com missioner to discharge those laborers who have been in the Government employment for some time, iu order to make way for 125 men whose wants at present are more pres sing. The selection of these men will be en trusted to a joint committco of officers of tho department and members . of the unemployed appointed to represent them. It is intended to put G5 inen to work on the Military-road, 20 at Ferrars street aud 40 at Fisherman's Beud. On Saturday afternoon tho Exhibition Build ing was thronged by a crowd of visiters who had obtained orders of admission from the commissioners. Upwards of 1500 passed through the gates, and their presence in the courts seriously impeded tho progress of the work. After Tuesday none of the commis sioners' " pusses " will be available, aud it i3 anticipated that then the employe will be en abled to conduct their operations uninterrup tedly. In the forenoon the steam fire engine provided for the Exhibition by Merrywentker, of London, and placed at the disposal of the commissioners during the Exhi bition, was tried in the presence of Superintendent Hoad, of the Metropolitan Brigade. It worked very well, and with dif ferent sized nozzles the results were equally satisfactory. During the day the chairmen of the building and wine committees were in con sultation with the architect, Mr. Reed, upon the question of the improvement of the dining halls, and it is anticipated their report will bo presented to tho meeting of the executive com mittee tliia morning. The Minister of Mines, Mr. H. R. Williams, returned yesterday from Tasmania by the steamer Flinders, his health being quite re stored. He will attend to the duties of his department to-day. Tho ceremonial committee of the Mel bourne International Exhibition will receive a deputation from the Trades' Hall committee this afternoon, relative to the proposed ar rangements for a procession of the whole of the trades on the occasion of tho opening, of the Exhibition on the 1st October. When the commissioners' views on the matte? aro made known, the several societies will be asked to call special meetings immediately to take tho necessary steps to ensure a demonstration worthy of the occasion. Attention ia di rected to au advertisement in our columus calling a meeting of the Trades' Hall com mittee this evening. The annual exhibition held by the Austra lian Sheepbreedera' Association at Messrs. R. Goldsborough's wool stores, Bourke-street west, bikes place to-day. The exhibits arc of a more select character than those of last year, and form a magnificent exhibition of our wool-producing resources. A list of the prizes awarded by the judges appears in another column. The two women, Elisabeth and Jane Draper, were on Saturday morning brought before the magistrates at tho City Police Court, on re mand from the previous day, charged with stealing a sum of - money in gold uud notes amounting to about £41, tho property of an engineer residing nt Emerald-hill, named William Grey. The women, who lived in a house in Romeo-lane, had been arrested on the information of the prosecutor by Constables Holland and JCissane, aud a portion of the money was, later on the same day, discovered by Constable Gleeson and a gentleman who hud given his assistance. The prosecutor, who on tho previous day had been too much intoxi cated to giveany evidence, nowgaveustntement of his losses. The only circumstaneo that im plicated the elder prisoner in auy way was her presence in the. house at the timo of the younger woman's arre.=t. After hearing the evidence, the bench discharged the mother, Elizabeth Draper, and sentenced Jane Draper to - nine mouths' imprisonment with hard labor. A caso of meat, consisting of beef and mut ton, preserved by a new process invented by Mr. Alfred Lee, of this city, was brought back from tho Fiji Islands a few dafs ago by the steamer Suva. The process bus ulready been fully described in these columns and tested in the various colonics, but Mr. Lee was desirous of discovering whether the meat in a preserved state would keep good in a tropical climate. The test which has just been made has proved satisfactory in every tense. After remaining for over a fortnight under a tropical sun, the meat returned in a perfect state of preserva tion, a leg of mutton particularly presenting the appearance and taste of a joint only a few hours boiled. Considering that in transport ing meat to England by steamer a short period only would be spent in the tropics, it is satis factory to know that Sir. Lee's invention will hold good after a more lengthened trial. The mail boy, who rides from Flemington and the surrounding districts with the daily mail, on Saturday, reported to the police that he had lost the bag during his journey to Melbourne. In spite of through inquiries the hag lias not been discovered, nor lias auy clue been found as to its whereabouts. An extraordinary general meeting of the members of the National Insurance Company of Australasia (Limited) wds held on Friday afternoon, at the company's offices, No. 1 Mar- kot-buildinga, Collins-street west ; the chair man, Mr. Thomas Moubray, presided. The object of tho meeting was to pass a resolution reducing the number of directors to six instead of seven, ao heretofore. It was moved by Mr. J. M. Templetou and seconded by Mr. K, G. Benson-, and having been put to the meeting was carried unanimously, "That the number of directors shall be Unan?h'e same is hereby reduced to six." v ' A correspondent writes as follows : — Mr. Matthew Burnett is still busily engaged in the enterprise of social reform in Adelaide and its environs, and continued success attends liim and his coadjutors. His temperance and religious gatherings aro very largely attended by people of all creeds, some of whom regard hitu as another 'Father Mathew in the work of temperance, while others look upon him as a Becond Gideon Ouseley or Peter Cartwright in the matter of religion. Mr. R. G. Ford lias just received a large bronze medal from the Commissioners of the Sydney Exhibition for his rock-boring ma chinery. He has also received a first-class certificate for an eight-horse steam engine ex hibited by him. First-clu?s certificates have been awarded to him for his air compress ing machinery and foul air exhauster; also second-class certificate for. washing boiler. It may be mentioned that Mr. Ford has ob tained in all two gold, one silver and one bronze medal for his rock-boring machine from the various exhibitions -where it has been shown. '' The wharfage dues levied by the Victorian Government on the border are denounced as " a legalised swindle" by the Wahyunyah " A levy, for wharfage, on all goods crossing the Murray into Victoria, whether by team across the bridges, or landed from steamers on the Victorian bank, has been in force ever since the abrogation of tho Border Treaty. The wharfage on wheat and flour is 5s. per ton, and on wool Ss. per ton. Now, last season, Messrs. Burrows Bros., of Moor- wathn, sent over 2000 ton3 of wheat, in bond, to England. This was taken across the Murray at Corowa, trucked to Wahgunyah, convoyed by rail to Melbourne, and there shipped to England, »but, besides tho cost of carriage by team, rail and water;., before it reached its destination, the enormous sum . of £500. was paid for wharfage on this wheat crossing the Murray-bridge into Victoria, and it never touched a wharf until it reached Melbourne.' Again, on Wednesday Jast, when the fusz about tho proposed collections for wharfage by New South Wales had scarcely subsided, Messrs. Levin and Sons, of Corowa, had to pay £25 wharfage on 100 tons of fiour sent by tc-nms across the bridge into Victoria. The amouut collected for wharfage at Wahgunyah on various goods for fifteen months (from 1st January, 1879, to 51st March, 18S0) wm £1170. The wharfage collected on wheat dur ing the quarter ended 30th June last amounted to £85. The amount charged for wharfnge on the wool of last clip for crossing the Murray at Wahgunyah reached the respectable sum of £425." " Every effort is being made," says the Border Post, " by the contractors to have the lino between Wagga Wagga and Ge- rogery ready for traffic ou Wednesday next, the 1st September, when the open ing will take place, according to the terms of the contract. Mr. Duffy, tho local road superintendent, is pushing forward the works on the road between Gerogery and Albury with a view to have it ready for' daily traffic by the coach by next Wednes day. The portion on the Gerogery side of Four-mile Creek for about one mile and a half is in an cxecrablcconuition,but the bridge works over the creek itself are progressing well, and after the 1st proximo there will be no need for vehicles to uso the nasty cutting into and out of tlie water course. As regards the time table for the opening, the mail train froni Sydney and Wagga Wagga will be timed to reach Gerogery at a quarter past eleven a.m. In this case the Victorian Railway department must be requested to delay the despatch of the afternoon mail train from Wodonga to Melbourne until four p.m. (instead of starting it as at present at half- past three) to allow of the mails going on tlie same day, otherwise a loss of twenty-four hours will bo incurred. A coach will leave Germanton daily at half-past six a.m., reach ing Culcairn (the railway station for Round- hill) at half-past ten ; and tho return journey will commence from Culcairn t at half-past eleven, arriving at Ten-mile Creek four hours later. Coach communication between Albury and Germnntou will be carried on as follows : — Leave Germanton at four p.m. on Wednes days, Fridays and Sundays, reaching Albury at 9 p.m.; and leave Albury at half-past four p.m. on Saturdays, Tuesdays and Thursdays, arriving at Ten-mile Creek five hours later. The following cases were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital during Saturday aud Suuday, namely: — Thomas O'Keefe, age 14, of 151 Gladstone-place, Emerald-hill,' suf fering from a wound on the head, caused by a boy pushing him against the corner of the school-house ; Benjamin Marks, a hawker, aged 50, of no fixed residence, suffering from au injury to his left knee, the result of a fall at the ICyneton railway station; and Catherine Wrexell, aged 55, of Brunswick, whose head was injured through her being thrown out of a enrt whilst driving from Brunswick to Mel bourne. His Excellency the Governor, will visit tlie exhibition of the Australian Sheep-breeders' Association to- day, and at twelve o'clock will present the prizes to the winners of special awards. Members and their families will be admitted free to the ceremony, and the public at a charge of 5s. Mr. Cosmo Newbery gave bis usual conver sational lecture, in the Technological Museum, oft oatarday. His subject was Mineral De posits, illustrated by the collection of iron ores, The subject of iron ores and iron manufactura will be continued on Saturday next. Mr. Nn'o explained the collections of gums and' "gem stones. b In another column the chairman of the machinery committee of tho Exhibition re quests that exhibitors requiring steam, com- pressed air, gas or water an motive power for driving machinery or models will send par- ticulara of their wants to the committee withi out delay, in order that the necessary arran-e- ments may bo made. Tlie exhibitors in this department of tho Exhibition will do well to push on with the work of fitting up. The Shanghai and Nagasaki cable is inter rupted. The question asked by a correspondent in the columns of n contemporary—" Who )laj the most right to Riverina is answered lr tho Bcmligo Advertiser as follows "As to the right to tho trade of Riverina— at any rate that portion of it lying between the Murray nnd Murrumbidgee— .should WW for several reasons, to Victoria. ln t|,e place, that area of country was included in our colony when final rautunl arrangements be tween Victoria and Now South Wales had been made with regard to the boundaries at tlie time of separation. Rut those arrange ments had to receive the sanction of the home authorities, and through the exertion of political influence by the magnates of Sydney, the northern boundary of Victoria was altered from the Murrumbidgee to tho Murray iu the passage of the bill through the Imperial Parliatneut. This was regarded by Victoria as a juggle ; but the value of tin) couutry thus cut off from this province was wholly undov-ostimated nt tho time by our own politicians, aud so ghfd wore they "to obtain tlie boon of separation, and the right of dis posal of our own revenue, that the loss was put up with rather than endanger the chances of obtaining independence. It is not too much to say that Victoria was robbed of a fine slice of territory by nn artful stroke of diplomacy. Naturally and geographically, the country lying between the Murray and the Murrum bidgee belongs to Victoria. Politically, it has been to its great disadvantage to he attached to New South Wales, nnd strenuous etforts have been made by its inhabitant) to obtnin tlieir separation from tlmt colony. The great disadvantages of being governed from ouch a distance as Sydney have been keenly felt. . Commercially, Southern Riverina has ever been closely allied with Victoria. Tin great body of her settlers has consisted of Victorians, and tho district has been rendered valuable chiefly through the outlay of Vic torian capital nncl tho exercise of Victorian en- tei prise. When New South Wales begins to brag about what she has done for the improve ment of Riverina, and the advancement of her interests, Victoria, which hns never touched a penny of the revenue of that portion of tho onlt-bush, may point to what she has done for it, by the construction of railways to her fron tier, and by tho costly operations continued for years, in rendering the Murray navigable," An application for a day'3 holiday appears to bo an important matter iu official circles. The iramiytii Guardian mentions, "ns a case in point, that a clerk in Geelong wanted one clay's holiday, which he applied for. Tho application was first recommended by the gentleman in charge of the Customs at Gee- long. Then it passed through several other hands, aud at last reached the Minister with half-a-dozen papers attached. Mr. Clark "are- instructions that, in future, the ofiicerr in charge could grant leave of absence to subor dinates for terms not exceeding seven days. What a lot of time will be saved by this simple plan. In fact, it is quite probable tint the occupation oi a conplo of cleiks will be gone, wliicn would bo very sad, no doubt, for the said clerks, but would nevertlielesr save perhaps £500 a year to the country." The style of furming adopted in California is shown in some recent proceedings of the Vig. nerons' Club in Adelaide. The hen. secretary brought before tho locating a very intorcr'.ing letter received by him from a gentleman well knp.wn in South Australia, but now in Califor nia. The communication, which was dated 29th July, was as follows : — " I wrote you oDe or two mails ago, and I now enclose a letter addressed to myself, which tells its own tale. If you entertain tlie proposals therein made you will have no difficulty in obtaining the things wanted. Here, in this state at least, 20,000 acrcr will be put under vines next winter. You and my friends of South Australia can hardly form an idea as to the style in which things are dono in California. No more is thought or said about a farmer- putting in 12,000 acres of wheat than if lie put' in 100 in Australia.' Just to give you one or two examples. Three months ago a gentleman, manager of a com pany, asked mc if I would give him the refusal of my sorvices to plant 2000 acre3 with vines, Only yesterday I was occupiev;pr,Uh a gen tleman who has a convenient bit of land, 1200 acres, which he wants planted without delay, part of it with some of the -things that" are wanted from you. ' I know him to bo exceedingly wealthy. A few dnys ago he sold 11,000. acres of standing wheat. The present proposal is only a small beginning, and I think in one or two seasons the number will bo doubled. Have my assurance that the proposal is thoroughly reliable and sound; were it not so I would not touch it. Remem ber, merely thousauds will be of no use, ho needs millions." At the People's Theatre ou Saturday night, Lost in London was produced in amannerthat reflected a considerable amount of credit upon tho management. The leading character of the drama, that of the generous and honest coal miner, Job Arrnroyd, was en trusted to Mr. Sam Emery, who achieved a decided success by his able representation of it. Indeed, Mr. Emory appears to linvu made the part a special study, and his acting in the first act, as the careless, honest miner, nnd in tho last as the outraged husband, won for Mm the hearty appreciation of the audience, mani fested by his being twice called before the curtain. " Miss Laura Wiseman sustained the part of Nelly Arrnroyd with considernblenbility, and Mrs. J. L. Hall as Tilly Dragglethoipe, and Mr. J. L. Hall as Blinker, materially as sisted in the success of the drama. The farce of H.M.S. Spitfire concluded tho programme. Mr. Hall appeared ill the role of Tobias Short cut, and succeeded in pleasing the audience immensely. The minor characters io both the drama and tho afterpiece were all fairly sus tained. Tho South Australian Advertiser writes " A meeting of the South Australian Vigne- rons' Club was held on Tuesday last, to con sider a letter from Mr. Mtimpson, a gentleman now on a visit tothese colonies from Canada, is reference to the desirability of more unre strained commercial intercourse being opened up between South Australia and Canada. The letter, which was addressed to Mr. 11. D. Ross, M.P., and was dated 13th August, was as follows : — Tho duty in Canada on wines of all kinds, cOntainiug 23 per cent, spirits or less is Is. lUd. sterling (25 cents) pergullon,and30 per cent, ad valorem t wiuc3 overfifi and not over 31, Is. Sd. sterling (40 cents) per gallon, and 30 per cent, ail valorem; wines over 86, 2s. lid. sterling (70 cents per gallon) aud 38 per cent, eul valorem ; wines, champagne and all other sparkling wines in bottles containing not more than one quart and more than yne pint, 12s. 5Jd. (8 dol.) per dozen. The wines which I took from South Australia to Canada last year upon being analysed by our cus tomers then showed from 23 to 30, 35, 30 and 37 per cent, spirit. The major part touched 35 and 33. Whether this percentage will pre vail throughout the cellars of South Australia you doubtless can judge better than I cam On wine, then, touching 30, invoiced say at ts. per gallon, there will be a duty of Is. per gallon. Wine not over 20, and invoiced at 4s. per gallon, will have a duty of 2s. tjd. sterling. The object is to show the Canadian Government how necessary it is for South Aus tralian wines to containapretty largo percentage of spirits in order to keep them while crossing tho tropics, or to sustain the treatment they rue subject to abroad in warehouses and m bond ; to bring to their attention the merits ot South Australian wines, aud to obtain a eou- cession iu the.way of a rebate iu duty, en the grounds of mutual, colonial and ; other in terests which may occur to one's mini at t.ie moment of following up tho represeiitutwu- Ereneli, German, Spanish, Portuguese apu other wines, light and cheap, have an advan tage over South Australian wines, inasmuch a) they have not to cross the tropica "e,ai the Canadian Government to put South ajn tralia simply ou a footing as to wmes t'P will give lier an opportunity of be.«ami known to the people of Canada. As it is rior , South Australia is virtually shut out. e >w. and hides are duty free — why not for n haul at least class this other product u. hsul Australia along with tho first named; , A pen and ink sketch of " the uitemp.oytd difficulty, as it presents itself at turn Miueren- centres, appears in the livndijo and deserves tho attention of tho Mt.Ui-r-'- unemployed " The scarcity of e.ripi.'yrni-rit is as severely felt in Sandhurst and hawk as in Melbourne. Hundreds .e! - have been out (of work in this distric. " months past, aud not able to earn a h7 themselves and their families. But v-1iii=j truordinary aud extravagant efforts hare made in tlie metropolis to relieve ihe no- sities and silence the clamor of the i-m ployed, nothing whatever of the j,1", J" . Bpeaking about has been done in bandlmn For a considerable time past tho district ht» been suffering from unusual depression, con sequent on the stoppage of certain immng operations on the New Chum line of reef. From this causo alone nearly 400 men have been thrown out of work. Oh the other hand there has been an unusual dearth in ether departments of industry, such as the building trade and the extension of muni cipal improvements. The extent of the hard ship and the misery which prevails in every direction is daily testified by the presence m our streets of crowds of able-bodied men anxious to do work, but unable to obtain any Another proof of the existence of alarm ing destitution is the fact that during the . P«t half-year tho committee of the Benevo lent Asylum have been largely colled upon to relieve the poor ; that, in addition to the in-door maintenance, a sum of no less than 200" 12s. has been' expended in out-door relief, representing an average of 250 beads of families, exclusive of children. In the same institution accommodation has been af forded for thirty addition ,2I cases, which will Involve a further expe&aiture; of £600 a year." The general annual meeting of the Musical Aitbts Society was held on Saturday evening, at the Protestant Hall, whero it is the inten tion of the society to inset for the next few months. The busiuess of tho evening included the appointment of office-bearers for the en suing year, which resulted in Mr. Jager being Main returned as president of the society. Mr. Buddee and Mous. Leon Caron were .' elected vice-presidents ; with a committee con sisting of Messrs. Edeson, P. Montague, Weir, and Winn. Mr. Samuel Lamble, as honorary secretary ; Mr. Curtis, honorary librarian; and Mr. Allen, honorary treasurer, were also re elected. The musical programme included the performance of a very fine string quartette by an Italian composer, Antonio Mazsini, .who is referred to by Schumann, in his work Music and Musicians, in terms of the warmest eulogy both as a composer and violin player. The quartette performed on Saturday evening is undoubtedly a very fine specimen of concerted writing, comprising lour movements— adagio, andante, scherzo, and allegretto llnalo. The work is rich in melody, aud the treat ment graceful aud full, the sclierzo being especially brilliant in the light presto form of the Mendelssohn type, and the finale most admirably worked out in contrapuntal writing. The quartette, which is in MS., was kindly lent to the society by Signor Zelmnn, the artists taking part in it being Messrs. Curtis, P. Montague, Jager and Chapman. Fcsca's quartette in C minor, for piano and strings, was also performed, with Signor Zelman at the " pianoforte. The onty vocal number was the Standard Bearer, by Lindpaintner, sung by Mr. Weir. The absence, to a considerable extent, of counter musical attractions on Saturday nigbt resulted in a very good attendance at the Town Hall organ recitals. Mr. David Lee's programme embraced the overture to Zampa, Batiste's well-known Andante in G- (which gained a hearty encore), a grand Pinafore selection, Mendelssohn's War March, and a selection from Handel's Acis and Galatea, comprising the aria, Lovo in Her Eyes Sits Playing, and the chorus, Happy We, Mr. Lee responded to the encore for Batiste's An dante with an arrangement of Home, Sweet Home. The Pinafore selection was highly appreciated by the audience, and very warmly , applauded. , A recent arrival from England, writing to the Geelonq Advertiser on the practice of lock ing the doors of railway carriages, says : — "Coming fresh from the old country, I am surprised to find the railway authorities here add very much to the risk of travelling by locking both doors of the compartments, so that in many emergencies that may arise es cape is simply impossible. Is it any use trying to get such an absurd method altered ? In England, both sides were kept locked (de3pite many protests) until the sad catastrophe known as the Abergele disaster occurred when, as the result of a collision, a train having petroleum caught fire, and the people, unable to escape, as both doors were locked, were burned to death. Since that event all trains have the carriages left unlocked on ono side. Had the recent Lara collision resulted fatally, Co doubt a stir would have been made to get the alteration needed ; but fancy tho intense anxiety of the passengers, knowing a collision must occur, from which, with locked doors, escape was impossible, deliberately posing themselves and preparing for the shock as best they could. Would it not be better to adopt tho plan winch is found to work so well in England, rather than continue the present risk, and some may have a serious los3 of life ?" The suicidal policy of those farmers who advocate the continuance of tho stock tax is the subject of soinn vex? sensible comments in the Bendvjo jMrerriser .'-l'-" The view wo take of the matter is this, that if cattle and stock from beyond the Murray are shut out by a tax — it is immaterial whether we call it pro tective or prohibitive — wo cannot have in this colony an cxterfsive system of meat exporta tion. That great and important trade wilt fall Into the hands of our neighbors, chiefly those of New South Wale3. And we ought to be in as good a position as that colony in this respect. The graziers of Queensland and Kivcrina will pour their stock into Sydney. There tho great exporting firms under the freezing system will be established, whilst Victoria, with a prohi bitive duty on her northern border, will shut herself out from any participation in tho enor mous advantages to be gained by the esta- ' blishment in Mellxmrne and other central positions of meat exporting companies." A woman at Daylesford, who has been re ceiving relief for a considerable time, died on Monday last. A savings bank book was found In her possession, with over £100 to her credit. The railway charges for parcels' (not con taining wearing apparel) carried in the hand by travellers are objected to by the Daylesford Advocate as oppressive, the following instance being cited : — " A resident at Bullarto while In Daylesford purchased on axe handle, and with this in bis band proceeded to take his seat in a railway carriage for his return journey. Inasmuch, however, as the piece of ash did not come under the head of wearing apparel,' the passenger was called upon either to pay 0d. carriage or leave the article behind; He did the latter, and told the porter that he . would sooner make him a present of it than pay the sum demanded. On another occasion a passenger took a dead fowl with him into the carriage, but was told that it would be necessary to pay carriage upon it, and he had to do so — another 9d. Naturally this has given rise to considerable demur, and ad vantage was taken of the hen. Commissioner's presence here yesterday to bring this ob jectionable state of tilings under liis notice." A ghost story cornea from Nagambie, and is told by the local paper as follows : — " Persons visiting the railway station, and those who have bad occasion to visit that locality at night, have been greatly frightened by seeing a 'ghost.' A few evenings ago it appeared near the end of the railway platform, and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in height, arrayed in pure white. The form was that of a female with, ns -far as could he discerned, a deathlike face. It was noiseless In its movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity. One of the porters, who has a con siderable amonut of courage, proceeded in the direction of the apparition, and when within easy range fired at it, but to his astonishment, after the smoke had cleared away he found the apparition was close to him. He was per fectly terrified, and, dropping his gun, mado for his friends at lightning speed. One night lost week, as the half-past nine cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, was travelling along the railway road towards the town, a shoffc distance from the station, the spectrum again appeared on the lull side about CO yards from the cab, and as the conveyance proceeded, so did the figure. This frightened the passengers, and especially the driver, bo that he drove his horses at a furious pace, soon losing sight of the apparition. It is currently reported that tho Etationmaater has applied to be removed." The annual general meeting of the seat- holders and members of the Melbourne Hebrew congregation, Bourko- street west, for the elec tion of honorary officers for tho board of management, took place yesterday, at tlie hull at the rear of the synagogue ; Mr. B. Ben jamin in the chair. Mr. Nathaniel Levi, who had been nominated by the retiring president, Mr. B. Benjamin, was unanimously elected president of the 'segregation for the ensuing year 5641, and isfr. J. A. Cantor was elected treasurer. Messrs. Saml. Flatau, Henry Marks, B. Bapiport, J.P., and A. Harris were elected on the committee to fill up the vacancies of the retiring members for two years, Messrs. Henry Raphael, D. Slomun, P. Blashki nndM. Krakowski remain one year longer io office. Messrs. Josiah Marks and E. P. Levy were rc- electf-d honorary auditors. Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring president, treasurer and auditors, and duly acknowledged. An adjourned meeting of tho Melbourne Typographical Society was held at the Tem- rbranc Hall on Saturday afternoon, Mr. IMdlctou, tho vice-president, in the chair, for the purpose of reviving a report from the depu tation that waited ou the Attorney- General a hurt time since relative to the Factories Act and the employment of boys on morning newspapcra, ami also to draft a circular hav- ing for its object the establishment of a labor league. With regard to the former, some of the members of the deputation were of opinion that tho person who had written a statement (without foundation in fact) to the Argus on the boy question, and that paper's remarks thereon, had not strengthened the hands of the deputation, and that the society should censure such impropriety on the part of its members. The gentleman in charge of the labor league movement stated that twelve societies had ex pressed their willingness to unite without de lay, three had refused to entertain it, and seven desired n littlo time to consider it. As the meeting was by no means unanimous as to tho nine rules embodied in tho circular which was distributed amongst those present, and in which was contained the object of the ' league, it was decided that a ballot of the 1 different trades should take place on the adoption or abandonment of the rules next Saturday. A very good audience was present on Satur day night nt St. George's Hall, to witness the variety entertainment of tho Franzini Com pany. Tho programme was an excellent one, and provided well for the evening's amuse ment. Miss Ada Heath sang a ballad with good expression, and won an encore, as did also Mi. Ch as, Harding in Come into the Garden Maud. Miss Leaf rendered Once Again in her usual excellent manner. A song and dance specialty, by Miss Rose Fox, also secured an encore, the dancing being very good. Madame Fransiui won great applause for her wonderful bicycle feats. The best part of the performance, however, was Mr. It. J. Roberts's impersonations of Sims Reeves, A. G. Vance, Geo. Leybourne and G. II. Macdevinot. His clever mimicry elicited loud and continuous applause. An excellent entertainment was given at the People's Concert in' the Temperance Hall on Saturday night last. Miss Bassett M'Donald, Mr. Hurry Allnutt and the Mattie Taylor troupe were the persons engaged. The two forqicr were highly successful, especially in their musical comedietta, My Mother-in- Law, which 'was re-demanded. The Taylors appeared in their sketch, the Little Orphan, in which Miss Mattie impersonates a number of child characters in a very natural manner. Wo have received from Mr. A. J. Smith, Good W'onls and tho Sunday Afayazine. "A meeting of the Fitzroy Reform League will take place this evening, at tho Lord Newry Hotel, Brunswick-street. The annual general meeting of the Yarra Yarra Rowing Club will be held on Tuesday evening next, at the Bridge Hotel. A dramatic and vocal entertainment will ho given to-night, in tho Temperance Hall, Russell- street, in aid of St. George's Church, Carlton. Thofcfourth annual children's concert, by the pupils of St. Mary's and St. Michael's Roman Catholic schools, takes place at tbo Hotham Town Hull to-night. Wo have received from the Colonial Publishing Society numbers 21 uud 22, vol. IV., of the illus trated lVbrtfe of Grace, the letterpress and il lustrations of which aro excellent. An office and requiem moss for the Rev. Thomas England, brother of tbo Very Rev. Bean England, Hotham, will bo celebrated nt St. Patrick's at ten a.m. to- day. We havo been requested to call attontion to Messrs. Eraser and Oo.'s sale, which takes place to-day, of the entire cargo of tho ICato Tathaio, consisting of 3233 bags and 4870 pockets of sugar. A meeting of the congregation of St. John's Church, Lntrobe-strcot, and friends of tho ltov. J. II. h. Zillinann; will be held in the schoolroom this eveniug, at eight o'clock, for the purpose of. presenting that gentleman with an illuminated address and tcstcmonml. At the Homoeopathic Hospital tho state of the housejfor tho week ending 2Sth August was as fol lows In-patients : Number remaining last week, 14 ; admitted during week, 6 ; discharged during week, 5 : number remaining, 15. Out patients : New eases, 40 ; number remaining, 530. The following is tbo report of the Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending 20th August Patients in hospital. 'admitted during tbe week, 1G ; discharghd";!/ .; remaining in hos pital, 53 ; total number 'of out-patients for tho week, 185 ; new cases, 21. The Chicago Minstrels held ouo of their social reunions at the Manchester Unity Hall, Colling wood, last Friday evening, when Mr. (r. Durness, in a very humorous speech, presented Mr. A. Thomas, the manager, with the framed photos of the troupe. Mr. Thomas, in a few well-chosen words, returned his sincere thanks for their kind noss. During the evening a number of songs and dances were given by the troupe. An evening's entertainment was given to the female inmates of the Immigrants' Home, Princc's-bridge, on Friday evening, by a dozen young gentlemen In tlie employment of Mr. George Robertson, wholesale book publisher and stationer, who aro associated under the title of the Victorian Volatile Vampires. Mr. Woolley, lion, secretary, presided, and nt the closo of tho entertainment a vote of thanks was ac corded the performors'for their diverting enter tainment. A meeting of tho Ladies' Benevolent Society ; was held on Friday afternoon in tbo shire hall, Coburg, for tho purpose of extending tho operations and obtaining permanent sub scribers to this excellent society. A number havo already given their names for yearly sub scriptions, and persons wishing to become sub seniors and mcinbpis"<<wiH, kindly give their names to Mrs. G. OJ Didfcun, president ; Mrs. John Watson, secretary, Trinity parsonage ; and Mrs. Robert Kelly, treasurer, Church View Cot- . tajte, opposite Church of England. The usual Quarterly meeting of the Working Band Lodge, No. 8, J.O.G.T., was held in tho Mission Hall, Wellington-street, Collingwood, on 5th August, when tho following officers were in stalled by Bro. Mason, L.D., for the ensuing term P.W.O.T., Bro. How ; W.C.T., Bro. His- cox ; W.V.T., Sister Mason: W.S., Bro. J. W. Triggo (re-elected); W. AS., Bro. W. G. Kimpton; W.P.S., Sister E. J. Boyd : W.T., Bro. Harvey (ro-elccted) ; W.M., Bro. Rain ;|W. Chap., Sister Triggo. sen. (re-elected) ; W.D.M., Sister Rush- ton ; W.I.G., Bro. Burghlund ; W.O.G., Bro. Spill ; "W.R.S., Bro. Smith, sen.; W.L.S., Sister F. Trigge. The quarterly meeting of the Melbourne Lodge No. 1, 1.O.G.T.,was held in the TcmpcranceHall, RusseU-strcct, ou Friday, 6th August, when tho following officers were duly installed for the en suing quarter by Bro. Blacklock, D.G.W.C.T., assisted by Bros. Bannerman and Sytnonds, viz.:— P.W.C.T., Bro. II. Crispin ; W.C.T.,Bro. P. Clark; W.V.T., Sister L. Laughton; W.S., ! Bro. D. Hiddleston ; W.A.S., Sister 1. Clark; W.F.S., Bro. H. G. Sedgwick : W.T., Sister H. Crispin : W.C., Bro. G. Collins ; W.M., Bro. J. Hone; W.D.M., Sister J. Hiddleston: R.H.S., Bro. Rcay : L.ll.S., Sister E. Lawson ; W.I.G., Bro. Stone ; W.O.G., Bro. J. Melrose. There- ports of the various officers showed tho lodge to be in a sound financial position, 219 boing good on the books. Tho weekly meeting of tho committee of management of tho Immigrants' Aid Society was held yesterday, at the Military Barracks, St. Kilda-road ; Mr. R. Bromby in the chair. Tho following was the state of the house : — Remain ing last week, G31 ; admitted since, 36; dis charged, 44 ; died, 1 (lVom marasmus, James Patching, aged L year, native of Victoria) ; remaining, 351 men, 191 women and 130 chil dren ; in all G72. At the same time last year there were 352 men, 107 women and 122 chil dren : there are 95 men and 7 women 6lck, 6 men stonebreakinfj, 241 oakum picking, &c.;, and 9 workiug outside; 12 women in the laundry, 1C sewing, 150 hair-teasing, &c.; Tho nightly aver age of casuals during tho week .was 29 males and 12 females ; out-door relief was given to 20 families, or 57 individuals, on presenting tho relief cards of the society. The number of cases relieved weekly by the com mittee of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent So ciety for the fortnight ending 24th August was : — Families, 693 (numlieriug l943 individuals), com prising—widows, 36S ; sick and infirm, 97 ; de serted wive?, 57 ; wives whose husbands aro in prison, 8 ; wives whose husbands are ab sent; 24 ; wives whose hnsknnds are partially ! employe I, 29 ; wives whoso husbjiuds are unem ployed, 37 : aged couples, 44 ; single women, 38, Outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, £170 10s. lOd. Industrial Home — Inmates, 40 ; expenses for the fortnight, £18 19s. 7d. : earnings, do., £14 3s. 9d. Contributions thankfully re ceived, and information given by the hon. trea surer, Mrs. Dunn, 17 The Avenue, Windsor, by any member of committee, by' the secretary, 4 Jackson- street. Ft. Kilda, or by the collector, Mr. I)ougla3 Smyth, Ashfield, Malvern. The committee thankfully acknowledge a parcel of clothing from Beauchntnp and Son, who have kindly 'consented to receive parcels of clothing, blankets, &c.;, at their office, 14 Collins-street west, for the society. 