SYDNEY SCULLERS IN ENGLAND. Mr. P J Clark has favoured us with permission to publish the following letter deed London, October 8, which he has received from a friend in London, and which will probably be read with much interest by aquatic men here " In Thursday s Spo> remain there is a fair account of the race between Laycock and Blackman The latter got by far the best start, and it was almost laughable to see the leisurely phlegmatic way in which Elias followed him The pace was really ten ide, as the time given up to each point shows As far as Hammersmith the race was really a splendid one, but by the time they got to Corney Reach Laycock had completely rowed his man down I never saw such an utter collapse in my life, not a fellow so completely done up as Blackman was I really pitied him, for two minutes he could not speak-his head drooped on to his chest, and he looked like a corpse The Sydney man lowed I on in just the same style that he had started, and as soon as Blackman was when he followed, to enter a protest on the ground that Laycock's cutter road passed him This was certainly) true, but she had a lot of way on when Blackman shut up, and could not be stopped Mr Ireland, the referee, told Trickett to follow on, as it was clear that Blackman had given up The protest was quickly dismissed Lay cock rowed well and strong, and (thanks to Jack Thompson) his condition was simply superb The muscles of his back, ribs, and legs stood out like iron bars, and though he had not quite got rid of a bad cold, his wind was all there. He rows a pretty looking style, something after Dick Green's fashion, but his slide is, to my mind, short and faulty, and he does not appear to grip the water at the full extent of his reach But he is a good 'one, and had to beat " We have two matches on for him-one against Hosmer, a Boston (USA) man, who is a good sculler, and the other against Hawdon Fit and well, he should win both races " I must say that I am agreeably disappointed in Lay - cock He is a genial, nice, well-behaved follow, and he has made hosts of friends Australians both at home and abroad may well be proud of their representatives on the Thames, for wherever you go you hear them spoken of in the highest terms Until Trickett's arrival professional rowing was at the very lowest ebb , but since he and Laycock have been on the Thames matters have been quite a turn the other way, and, whereas six months ago it would have been strange indeed to have seen a single person of any position in society at a professional b at race, it is something; to be able to say that, despite the day being one of the most disagreeable that we have had this year, numbers of the upper crust' patronised the Laycock Blackman race, including Lord Londesborough Major Dickson, Mr Bowden, and many other well-known persons, to say nothing of the presence of ladies-a thing unparalleled except at the University contest And nothing but the feeling that the race would be contested straightforwardly brought this about, and it is not too much to say that it was the knowledge of the S met respectable conduct of our Sydney men that created his feeling Of Tnokott it is needless to speak, he alway s behaves like a gentleman " I hope you will let it be known far and wide what a sterling friend Jack Thompson has been to the men. He alone trained Laycock whilst to Trickett he is more than a brother He seems to devote himself entirely to him, and night and day he is at his service Could man do more i I know that there is some feeling in Sydney about Jack Thompson being here at all, and therefore in common justice it should be known as widely as possible that his presence is invaluable, and without in any way desiring to detract from Harry Kelley s ment, I may say, that if Trickett wins f Thompson must share equally with him in the credit of the victory "I told you long ago, that I had come to the conclusion that English rowing form has been overrated, and now I believe more, and that is that they are bad judges of it. If it were otherwise how could George Drewitt (who should know as I much as any man in the land have made the mistake of laying 2 to 1 on Blackman V He has seen Laycock do all his work, for he has been training Thomas from the same boat- house, and every day he has had his watch out timing him at every point, yet he never found out that both Laycock and Trickett are foxing.' Of course Trickett feels within himself what he can do, and having Laycock's measure so well, there was no necessity for a trial, and so the knowing ones were sold. Laycock should never forget (as I am sure he never will) what Trickett has done for him. Had it not been for Ned he would have gone back without a match, for Charley Bush, to whom Punch introduced him, it seems, gave him the cold shoulder. I told you long ago that he could beat any man in England, and asked you to advise Punch to come over with him. Had he done so he would have made a pile. Laycock must have cleared £250, if not more, by the race, although, owing to the bad weather, his share of boats was only £30 clear. " I had almost forgotten to say that Trickett piloted his quondam rival in faultless style, giving him a course as straight as a surveyor could have shown. " The weather has been foggy, cold, and wet, and as Trickett has gone through it so far, and kept well, we may fairly expect that he will continue to do so. Hanlan is rowing magnificently, and if he is to be beaten it will be by fairly wearing him down, as Laycock did Blackman. too can ' for ' as well as anybody, and it is hard to judge what he can do. The betting is no more than 7 to 4 on him at present, but a Canadian correspondent tells me that there will be such heaps of money from that side of the ' herring pond that if we hold out we will get 4 to I. *' They say Wallace Ross is coming over to feel ' Trickett's pace, and that he will follow him for that object. Much good will all he can learn do him !" The following extract from a letter by E. Laycock to a I friend in Sydney will be read with interest. The letter was dated London, October 7 :-" Your papers considerably un- defeated Blackman ; he is as tall as myself, 26 years of ago, and weighs over 12 stone; and as to his pace from Putney to Hammersmith Bridge, one and three-quarter miles, was did the fastest time on record in any race nine minutes and four seconds, and he was then only a length astern. My first attempt on the Thames has been a win. As I told you before, Trickett and myself do all our work, and get on well together. He piloted me through the race in a cutter. The day was very wet and windy, and in about two miles I rowed Blackman to a standstill. I have two more races on, and fancy I can win both. I have seen Hanlan out often, in fact have rowed over the course alongside of him. I see very little in him, and can only conclude that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Trickett, so, bar accidents, he is not in it. His bump of self-esteem is exceedingly well developed. He rows open- handed, so I need tell you no more. I expect we will have more races on before long. So far we have had fine weather. We are going to row first and second for the Hop Bitters, if it comes off." . 