OUR LAUNCESTON LETTER. -^ [From our own Correspondent. Monday. Since my last we have had a celestial visitor. The row moon came in on Thursday evening, and on this occasion fair Luna made her appearance right side up. Per consequence, we have since had warm, genial weather, with every probability of a continuance of the BRine I am constrained to make this assertion, because I am possessed of a remarkable barometrical indicator in the shape of a pro- practical corn (not a favourite), which invariably tells me the intentions of the clerk of the weather. The municipal elections are not attracting much attention throughout the North. At one time it was thought there would be no opposition in Launceston to the return of the three retiring Aldermen, Messrs. Douglas, Harrap, and Thompson, but there seems after all to be a desire for new blood. A requisition has been presented to Mr. John Ellis, a most active and influential citizen, requesting him to come forward, and Mr. Ellis has consented. jjVom recent letters in the newspapers it is thought that our Aldermen are deficient in the knowledge of street-making, draining, paying clerks, and generally in managing the municipal finances, and it may be just as well to let now men have a try last year Mr. Henry Button, of the Examiner, went areas the special representative of new blood." His return was the signal for great rejoicing amongst the " once guide," and we were to have no end of reforms in street-making, drainage, and kindred works. Mr. Button's zeal has expended itself in Hengtby 'notices of motion, always withdrawn. Matters municipal go on just the same, and to day the Examiner in an editorial note to a grumbling letter by a ratepayer remarks, " Much virtuous indignation is sometimes expended in denouncing abuses or urging reforms, which, it is supposed, can he accomplished as easily as they are suggested ; but when the speaker or writer leaves the region of declamation and under- takes the work he has recommended, he probably finds that the abuses do not exist, and that the re- forms are impracticable. In other words, he makes the discovery that usually our representative men do the best that circumstances will permit, and we question whether 'Ratepayer'himBelf could do much better." I am glad Mr. Button is converted, and, really this is the fair way to look at the matter. A nation or a community gets on best when they endeavour to sustain and elevate the character of their public men. Public character is a grand thing, and a remunerative thing for a community. The people who attempt to underrate the character of their public men, or the Press which lends itself to such detraction, make but rods for their own backs. In nearly all British communities public affairs are governed by the will of the public, and our British institutions are just what the people make them. If our public morality is lax, and the people wink at political delinquencies, those who engage in politics are most likely to become corrupt, for the game is at times tempting. If, on the other hand, the people take a real interest in their own affairs, and insist upon honest, straightforward representation In return for their suffrages, they will have a pure legislature, pure municipal institutions, and be in the end the greatest gainers. The ancient classics- despisedby many-are worth studying, if only for the purity of the political principles they inculcate. After a week's rather active business in the share market we have experienced a lull, and this morning business has not been brisk. In a recent issue I referred to the advantages of open competition at auction sales, in the absence of other public safeguards in dealing with shares ; but a good thing may be overdone, and I am inclined to think these sales are now too frequent. If there were about two a week, or, better still, if our auctioneers would agree amongst themselves to have one weekly public competition for mining stocks, I venture to say that much more legitimate business would be done than is at present effected. Mining in the North is now now assuming a substantial character never before attained. Our people have too much experience, dearly gained, to go into merely bubble speculations. If they buy shares at good prices, it is because there are prospects warranting those prices, and they take care to find this out. A great Tasmanian Swindle" could not be done now- a-days still there is much speculation, and people are apt to speculate beyond their means. Then when other demands come upon them they have to "clear out " at any terms, and so market prices are occasionally reduced. They revive again, however, when there is any backbone in the stock. I really think mining in Northern Tasmania is in a more healthy state than I have known it for the past ten years, and, without recommending anything, it is unquestionably worth the attention of Southern capitalists. Twenty per cent out of a gold mine is worth five times as much as four percent, out of a bank. I hear there is great news from Nine-Mile Springs about the New Chum and West Chum gold mining crushings. In the latter company the amalgam is especially good, solid I am confidently informed by those who know that the company can be placed in a first-class position, and pay a good dividend by Christmas from the in of the now in the boxes and office safes. Should the next fortnight's crushing' equal that of the past, the dividend will be something over 5s. per share, and the company will be! free of all liabilities, and have the nucleus of a reserve fund, Blyth's Freehold at Beaconsfield is another mine reported as looking exceedingly well,! and from information I have received from those who have visited this claim, I believe it will yet turn' up among the plums. The company has recently been floated with 12,000 shares, and I hear that' poll interests have been sold privately as high as 6s. 6d. per share. i I have not much chit-chat to send you this week. We have not a "ghost" in Launceston,' and, on the whole, are rather a matter-of-fact people, with a limited amount of " go." About cricket, religious, and sporting affairs generally, the local press keeps you pretty well informed. Referring to amusements, I felt quite cheered on shaking hands with my old friend J. C. Williamson last night. I have not seen him for over three years, and he looks better than ever, and getting quite a "corporation." I understand he visits Tasmania with his charming wife for health and rest. Will do the island, open in Hobart Town in a week or two for a short season-Mr. Dodge acting as agent-and perhaps (ominous word) play a night or two in Launceston, on his way back to Victoria, What a pity our townspeople will not take the hint, and go into a company to build a good theatre. There is any amount of money in it, and indirect benefits untold. But, no Royal Tasman's, at fabulous prices, have more attraction than institutions designed for the education and refinement of our numerous rising generation. O Tempora ! O mores The Volunteer Force is strong in Launceston, and amongst other adjuncts we have a very fair Garrison Theatrical Company, comprised chiefly of members of the Rifle detachment. To-night they are to give a performance at the Mechanics' Institute, when the drama, Clouds and Sunshine, by Mr. A. J. Taylor, of your town, will be performed, with the farce, Tweedleton's Tail Coat, and a sketch, The Launceston Volunteers. I anticipate a good audience and will report on the performance in my next. I 