A NEW YEAR EVE'S ADVEN TURES.* IV. Here be encountered a Mameluke, who said in a hurried voice, " I am glad. Domino, that 1 have found you. Is the Hower-girl there in the ante-chamber?" The Mameluke entered it, and returned in a moment. a word witn you alone, Domino," he whispered as he con ducted Philip to a retired part of the ballroom near a window." "What is your pleasure?" asked Philip. " I implore you," returned the Mameluke iD a suppressed but terrible voice," tell me where is the flower-girl?" " The flower-girl does not concern me." " But she does concern me," rejoined the Mame luke, whose strange tone and whose movements, betrayed the terrible excitement under which he laboured. "She does concern me. She is my wife. Do you wish to reduce me to misery ? Prince, I implore you, do not drive me mad. Cease your attentions to my wife." " With all my heart," replied Philip drily. " What have I to do with your wife ?" " Ob,. Prinee, Prince," cried the Mameluke, "I am determined upon my course of action, even if it should cost me my life. It is no longer of any use for you to try to deceive me. I have discovered all, Here ! see! here is the note that the perfidious woman pressed into your hand, and which you dropped on the floor in the crowd without read ing." Philip took the note. It was written in a woman's hand. It said—" Change your dis guise. Tou are known to everybody. My hus band is watching you. He does not recognise me. If you are obedient you will be rewarded." " Hum," muttered Philip, " as true as I am a living man that note was not written to me. I do not trouble myself about your excellent spouse." " Heavens and hell! Prince, do not drive me mad. Do you know who stands before you ? I am Marshal Blankenswerd. That you have been paying attentions to my wife has been known to me ever since the last Court ball." " Marshal," interrupted Philip, " do not be offended with me for saying that jealousy blinds j ou. If you knew me thoroughly you would not think me capable of any Buch insanity. I give you my word of honour that I have had nothing to say to your wife." "Are you in earnest. Prince ?" " Perfectly so." " Give me a proof it." "What is it that you require?" " I know that up to this time you have prevented her from going to Poland to visit her relations; now persuade her to go." " With all my heart, if that will satisfy you." "Completely, coin nletely; you have averted a most terrible calamity." The Mameluke spoke incoherently —sometimes in a plaintive tone, sometimes im ploring, and occasionally threatening, until Philip began to fear that in his fury he would publicly assault him. That would not have suited him at all, and he was glad when the Marshal went away. He bad scarcely disappeared in the crowd, when his arm was gently seized by a female mask. The figure was clad in the deepest mourning. As she took his arm she whispered, " Buttertiy, whither away ? _ Have you no pity to bestow on a forlorn widow?" With a courtly gesture Philip rejoined, "A beau tiful widow finds only too many comforters. May I count myself among the number ?" " Why are you so disobedient ; why did you not change your disguise ?" said the widow, leading him a little aside, so that they could talk more freely. " Do you think, Prince, that you are not known to every one ?" " The people here are not certain,and tbey mistake me" "Indeed no, Prince; and if you do not immediately change your dress I shall leave you for the res: of the evening, for I should not like to give my husband an opportunity of making a scene." Philip now saw with whom he had to do. " Then you were the flower- girl; have the flowers faded so soon?" All things die, especially mens' fidelity. I saw you stealing away with the Carmelite nun. Now, confess your inconstancy; you cannot deny it any longer." " H'm!" re sumed Philip drily, "do not reproach me, or I may have to reproach you." " In what way, my butterfly ?" " Well, then, there is not a more true-hearted man in the world than the Mar shal." " That indeed he is, and, indeed, J have done wrong—very wrong—to have listened to you so nrach. I know I blame myself enough on account of it, and unfortunately he has discovered our relation." " Yes, since the last Court ball, fair widow." "Because you were so careless and incautious, pretty butterfly." " Well, let us repair the wrong we have done. We must part. I esteem the Marshal, and I should not like to see him "wronged. The widow regarded him for a short time iu silence. " If," pursued Philip, "you have any regard for me, you will accompany the Marshal to your relatives in Poland. It is better that we should not see much of each other. A beautiful woman is beautiful, but a faithful and virtuous wife is more beautiful still." " Prince," cried the sstonished lady.," are you in earnest ? Have you really loved me, or have you only deceived me?" "Listen to me," said Philip; "lama tempter of a singular kind. I seek after virtue and constancy iu women, and I very seldom meet with them. Only the most constant and the most virtuous can enslave me, therefore I have been fettered by none. Yet, no! I would not deceive you—one has captivated me, but I am sorry to say, my dear lady, you are not exactly the one." "You are in a most abominable humour, Prince," said the widow, and the tremor of her voice and the heaving of her bosom betrayed the depth of her emotion, " No," replied Philip, " I am in the most honourable and serious humour in the world. I Bbould like to atone for a piece of folly; I told your husband so." " What!" cried the widow in an agony, " Have you told every thing to my husband?" "Well! not exactly all—but all that he knew." The widow turned irom Bide to side in the greatest agitation, and wrung her hands. At length she asked," Where is my husband ?" Philip pointed out towards the * Translated from the German of H. Zschokke, by J. D. Woods. Mameluke, who was now coming slowly towards them. " Prince," ejaculated the] widow in a voice of overpowering anger. "Prince! Heaven may forgive you, I can never do so. I did not thick a human heart could conceive such vil lany and baseness. You are a traitor. My hus band is an honest man in a Turk's garments; you are a Turk in an honest man's garb. In this world we shall meet no more." With these words she turned away, and walked with a stately step towards the Mameluke, with whom she disap peared, engaged, apparently, in the most earnest conversation. Philip smiled, and thought— "My substitute, the watchman, will have to find*some way of putting these affairs to rights. I don't think I play my part in his name so very badly. I only hope that he will get on as honourably to-morrow as I have begun to night." He approached the dancers, and saw, -with pleasure, that amongst them was the Carmelite nun at the side of the overjoyed Brahmin. As soou as the Brahmin perceived the scarlet domino, he kissed his hand to him, and made pantomimic gestures expressive cf his delight. Philip thought—" It is a pity that I cannot be a prince all my life. The people would soon he satisfied with me. There is nothing easier in the world than to be a prince. He can do more with one word than an advocate in ever so long a speech. He hus the privilege of being able to go right to the point, and speak straight ont from his heart. But if I were reailyli prince perhaps my lloso might bo lost to me. No! I should not like to bo a Prince." He glanced at the clock, and bsw that it was half-past eleven. The Mameluke stepped hurriedly towards him, drew him on one side and gave him a paper. " Prince," said he, "I could almost fall into the dust at your feet to give expression to my gratitude. I am recon ciled to my wife. You have broken her heart, she says, hut it is of no consequence if you have. She wants to set out this very night, aud she intends to remain on our Polish estates. Fare you well! At any hour you may command me. I would sacrifice my life for you. My thanks are eternal: farewell." " Stop," cried Philip, as the Marshal was moving rapidly away, " what am I to do with this piece of paper?" The Marshal replied, "It is my play debt to you; my debt of last week which I was nearly for getting ; but I could not leave it undiBchargcdon my departure. I have endorsed the note to your royal highness." He then hurried away. "V. Philip glanced at the paper and read some thing about five thousand florins. As he put the document into bis pocket he thought it was a pity that he was not a Prince. At this moment some one whispered in his ear, " Your Royal Highness, we are both betrayed; I shall shoot myself." Philip turned round in astonishment and beheld a negro. " What is your pleasure, mask?" asked Philip quite coolly. "I am Colonel Rait," answered the negro, still whispering. "That infernal woman, the Marshal's wife, has gone to the Duke and has let out everything, and he is breathing fire and flames against both you and me." " Well, I am indifferent," rejoined Philip. " But the Ring will learn all," sighed the negro anxiously, " and perhaps to-night I shall be placed under arrest and to-morrow packed off to a fortress; I would sooner hang myself." " I don't see much good in that," said Philip. " Am I to be exposed to everlasting disgrace ? I am a lost man. The Duke intends to demand bloody satisfaction. Why, his back must still be black and blue from the thrashing I gave him. Oh! I am lost, and the baker's girl as well. I shall jump off the bridge and drown myself thiB very night." "Heaven forbid!" interrupted Philip. " What will you or the baker's girl he the better of that ?" "Your Royal Highness is pleased to jest, whilst I am on the brink of despair. May I respectfully beg that you will spare me a few minutes with you alone?" Philip followed the negro into a retired apart ment, dimly lighted by a few wax candles. The negro, as if he had been stricken down, flung himself upon a sofa and sighed aloud. Philip saw refreshments upon a table and some excel lent wine, which he proceeded to dispose cf. " I really cannot understand how your Royal Highness can keep so calm about this cursed business," said the negro. "If that scoundrel, the Neapolitan Salmoni, who played the con juror, were only here; that fellow is crammed full of schemes from head to foot. Perhaps his cunning might save ns, but he has cleared out." " All the better," rejoined Philip. " Throw the blame upon him; he is gone." " How are we to throw it upon him, when the Duke knows that yon, I, the Marshal's wife, and the baker's girl were all of us mixed up in the plot to profit by his credulity ? He knows that you bribed Salmoni to play the conjuror's part, aud that I persuaded the baker's girl, whom he has fallen in love with, to draw him into the snare. He knows also that I was the ghost that cast him to the earth and beat him black and blue. I wish we had not carried the joke quite so far a9 that; hut I wanted to knock some of the love that he professed for my girl out of him. It is a cursed business; I shall poison myself." " Take a glass of wine instead; it is ex cellent," suggested Philip, as with fresh appe-' tite he helped himself to another tart. "I tell you what," added he, "I must confess, my dear Colonel, that as a Oolonel you appear to me very chicken - hearted, if you are ready to shoot, drown,- poison and hang yourself ou account of a ridiculous affair like that. One of them ought to be enough for you. Besides, allow me to observe that up to this moment I do not quits under stand what you have been chattering about." "I implore your pardon, your Royal Highness; I do not really know what has become of my head. The Duke's Equerry, who is a friend of mine, just now informed me privately that the wife of the Marshal, as if possessed by the devil, went a little while ago to the Duke and told bim this:—She said, 'Prince Julian planned the trick played upon you in the house of the baker, because he did not wish you to marry his sister. I was the witch you saw, and I was there on behalf of the Princess, to be a witness to your superstition and credulity. Prince Julian is in possession of the list of yonr debts which yon cast into the pit out of which you were to exhume the treasure, and also of your undertak ing to the baker's girl—to take her as your mis tress after your marriage with the Princess, andto obtain a patent of nobility for her.' She stid, further, 'The ghost who pummelled yonwas Colonel Salt, the companion of the Prince. That was the reason why the marriage was broken off. It is of no use your entertaining any further hopes in the matter; you will wait in vain.' This is what the Marshal's wife said to him, and then disappeared." Philip shook his head thoughtfully, and mattered, "These are pretty stories indeed. The lowest of the common rabble would be ashamed of such things. What devilry without end!" " No," rejoined the Oolonel; " a more insane, a more rascally meanness could not have been committed than that perpetrated by the Marshal's wife. The woman must be a perfect fiend. O save me, your Highuess, save me. " Where ia the Duke ?" enquired Philip. " The Equerry told me that he jumped np and said merely, 'I shall go to the Ring.' Just think, Prince, if he does go to the Ring and tells his story in his own way!" " Is the Ring here ?" " Of course he is. He is playing ombre in one of the apartments with the Archbishop and the Minis ter of Police." Philip strode up and down the chamber, not knowing what to do. " Your Royal Highness," implored the negro, " save me. Your honour is affected by it. It will be an easy matter for yon. At any rate I shall be pre pared for the worst, and at the first whisper of bad tidings I shall be beyond the frontier. I shall pack up, and to-morrow morning I shall look for yonr final commands as to what I am to do." With these words the negro disap peared. VI. Philip began to think that it was high time be became a watchman once more, for he had entangled both himself and his substitute in Eome very unsatisfactory affairs, out of which hiB own sharpness and the cleverness of the Prince would scarcely be able to extricate them. Then there was the difference between the Prince and the watchman. Well, he would not count much upon that. He thought what strange things went on amongst the great people in the atmosphere of the Court, which persons like watchmen and weavers and workmen and labourers could never dream of. The people imagined that the nobility and aristocracy led a sort of angelic life, without misdoings and without troubles. It was a splendid idea. At the Court in one quarter of an hour he had had to repair more mischief than he had ever done in his whole life. " In solitude, Prince ?" came from a low voice behind him. " I am overjoyed at finding your Royal Highness alone for a few moments." Philip looked round and beheld an esquire covered with gold and jewels. " What is your pleasure?" asked he. "Allow me only a moment's audience, your Highness," answered the [esquire. " The matter is pressing, and the result will doubtless be most satisfactory to you." " May I ask who you are, mask ?' " Count Bodenlos, the Finance Minister, at your Highness's service," continued the esquire, raising his mask and showing a countenance which, with its small eyes and huge copper coloured nose, looked almost like a mask itself. " Well then, Count, what is yonr business ?" pursued Philip. "May I speak freely? I have already waited on your Highness three or four times without obtaining the honour of an audience, and yet, Heaven is my witness that no one has your Royal Highness's welfare more nearly at heart than I have." " I am greatly indebted to you, my dear Count," said Philip; " but what is it you want ? pray be brief." " May I speak on the subject of the merchant, Abraham Levi ?" asked the esquire. " At your pleasure." " Well, he has come to me on the subject of the 50,000 florins which you owe him, and he threatens to apply to the King, and you know the promise you gave to His Majesty the last time he caused your debts to be paid." " Cannot the people wait ?" enquired Philip. " Just as little as the Brothers Gold schmidt, who demand 75,000 florins from you." " Well, then, it all the same to me. If the people will not wait I shall be obliged to" " Oh, your Highness, do not make any rash resolu tions; I am in a position to make everything go smoothly, if" " If what ?" asked Philip. "If you will do me the favour to listen to me for a moment. I hope to be able to cover your debts without any trouble. Abraham Levi has made enormous purchases of corn, and it has gone up in price very much, in consequence. A prohibition against the export of grain to other countries will increase the value two or three fold, Well, then, permits can be granted to Levi, and everything goes right. Levi will cancel your debt to him and pay the 75,000 florins for you, handing you over a receipt. Everything, however, depenas upon one thing, and that is that I must retain my office as Finance Minister for some years longer. If, however, Count Greifen sack succeeds in ousting me from the Ministry I shall be powerless to act in your behalf, as it is my ardent desire to do. Now, if your High ness will abandon Greifensack's party the game is ours. As for me, I am quite indifferent whether I retain office or not. I am anxious for repoBe; but I am not indifferent to the position of your Highness, and if I cannot deal the cards we shall lose, that is all." For some moments Philip did not know how to answer the proposal. At last, as the Finance Minister drew forth a diamond snuffbox and took a pinch, Philip rejoined," If I understand rightly, Count, you want to starve the people to some extent in order to pay my debts. Just consider what misery it would cause, and then would the King consent to it ?" " If I remain at the head of the Finances you may leave me to take care of that, your HighnesBS. As soon aB the price of corn goes up the King himself will propose an embargo on grain, and will prevent its export by a heavy duty. Well, Levi will get a permit to export ten sacks, and he will send away a hundred. There is nothing easier; but if, as I said, Greifensack comes to the head of affairs, nothing can be done, and years will elapse before he will be able to master the aituation. For a time, in the exigencies of his position, he must act in a straightforward way, but only to oppress the King and the country more severely afterwards. He must first learn how the land lies. Tbere dees not exist a more grasping Jew than Greifensack. His avarice is monstrous." " These are pleasant prospects," remarked Philip. " How long do you consider that a Finance Minister should retain office before he can begin to shear the people—before he can clip off anything for himself and his belongings?" "Hm! If he has any brains he can do a great deal in a year." "Then the King should be advised to get a new Minister of Finance every twelve months, in order to be honestly served?" "I hope, your Highness, chat since the revenue has been in my charge th9 King and the Court have not wanted anything" —— " Oh, I believe that, Count, but tbeu the people have wanted all the more. I know that the most of them are hardly able to b6ar the duties and taxes that are laid upon them now. You ought to treat us a little more mercifully." " Us! Why! do I not do everything for the Court?" "No! I mean you ought to treat the people more leniently." "My dear Prince, I iuliy recognise the respect which is due to your utterances. The King and his illustrious family are the people whom I serve. What is com monly called the people does not come into the calculation. The country is the King's pro perty. The people are worthy of consideration in the same way as other ciphers which follow the prime nnmber and increase its value; but this is not a fitting time to reopen the worn-out discussion upon the value of the people. I would rather respectfully beg your instructions as to whether I am to provide for your debts in the way I have indicated." "My answer is No! No ! Never at the expense of a hundred thousand and more poor families!" " Your Royal Highness, we are talking of the firm of Abraham Levi. If I should require them, be sides the discharge of your debts, to hand you fifty thousand florins in hard cash, I think it could be managed. That firm would gain so much by thetranBactionthat" "That perhaps you, too, would make a nice little thing out of it." " Your Royal Highness is pleased to jest. I shall gain nothing by it; but I am most ardently desirous of regaining yonr favour." " You really are very kind." " Then, my dear Prince, may I hope ?" " My dear Count, I shall do what is right; do you your duty." "My duty is to serve you. To-morrow I shall send for Levi. I shall close the affair with him at once, and I shall have the honour to hand your Royal Highness the discharge of your debts, and the present of 50,000 florins.' "Leave me; I shall not listen to any such thing." " And your Highnesa will restore me to favour; for unless I remain in the Ministry with Abraham Levi I could not possibly" " I wish," retorted Philip angrily, " that you, your Ministry, and your Abraham Levi were all three stuck on the Blocksberg. I tell you that if there is an embargo on grain, and if the rise in the cost of food is not immediately stopped, and the Jewish firm does not forthwith sell the stored grain at the market price, I shall go at once to the Sing. I shall tell him of all your rascally proceedings, and I shall cause you and Abraham Levi to be. banished the country. You may depend upon it that I shall keep my word." VII. "When will your Royal Highness order the carriage to be ready ?" a voice whispered to him as he passed along the ballroom. It was a short stout Dutchman, with a bob wig, who spoke. " I am not going out." '• It is more than half past 11, Prince, and the charming singer ex pects you. She will tire of waiting." " Well, then, let her amuse herself by singing." " How, Prince, have you chauged your mind so soon? Surely you will not slight the lovely Rollina? You will Bot miss the golden opportunity that you have been sighing for for the last two poonths? Your note that you sent through me this morning, with the diamond-cased watch,has worked this miracle. The vain prude has sur rendered. This morning you were iu raptures, and now of a sudden you are as cold as ice. What has happened to you ? I do not under stand this change." "It is all one to me." " You gave me your commands to be ready to accompany you at half-past 11. Had you any other engagement ?" " Certainly." " Per haps the supper at the Countess Born's ? She did not attend the ball, at any rate there is no trace of her. I should recognise amongst a thousand others ber gait, and the way she carries her elegant head, How Prince ?" " Well, if it was, am I constrained to confide it to you?" " Oh! I understand and am silent, but will you not send word to the Signora Rollina that you are unable to come?" "She chose to leave ma sighing after her for two months, and now I shall leave her to sigh for me two months more. I shall not go." " So, then, the splendid necklace which you intended as a Hew Year's gift for her will not come to anything?" " Scarcely, if it depends upon me." "Do you wish to break with her altogether, your Highness ?" " I never bound myself to kei." "Weil, then, Prince, if I may speak candidly and disclose the truth, that perhaps you already know, because I am aware of your Royal Highness's quickness of perception. Only your passion for the Rollina prevented me from speaking sooner. You are deceived!" "By whom?" "By the crafty little opera singer. Why, you would have shared her aiJections with a Jew." "With a Jew?" "Well, yes, with the son of Abraham Levi." "Is that scoundrel everywhere ?" " Then you do not know ? I will speak the sacred truth. If you had uot come between them, the Jew would have maintained her openly. I am only sorry on account of the watch." "I am not." "The little wretch deserves a whipping." "There are many who do not get their deserts." " True, indeed, your Highness. For instance, I have recently found a young girl. Oh! Prince, there is nothing to be found in the city or in the whole country more beautiful or more enticing. Very " few persons know the heavenly creature. Pshaw! the fair Rollina is nothing in comparison with her—a mere witch. Look y on! A girl tall and slim as a reed, a fiue colour, that shows through a tender skin like a rose upon snow; eyes like stars, and thick golden hair. In all my life I have not seen anything mote beautiful. But who takes notice of this Venus ? She is a goddess iu a humble dwelling. We must look after this girl." " So she is one of the common people ?" "To be sure, only a grisette. But no! you must see Iter, and you will be in raptures. But what is the use of my describing and praising her ? What you have never imagined in your most entrancing dreams is embodied in her, and besides she is most lovely, tender, and innocent. She caunot often he seen, for she lives with her mother; but I know where she sits in church, aud where Bhe walks on Sundays. She generally goes with her mother to the gate of the elm avenue. I have also found out that a fine young fellow, a gardener, is courting her; but he cannot marry her, because he is a poor devil, and the girl her self has nothing. The mother is the widow of a linen weaver who died of consumption." " What is the mother's name ?'' Widow Bittner, who lives in Milk-street, and her daughter, as beautiful as a rose, which she indeed is, is named Rose." Philip grew hot aud cold again as he heard this, and he felt a fierce desire to knock the speaker down. " You must be in league with the devil," said he. " Well, suppose I am ; have I not brought you good news? You must, how ever, see the beauty yourself. Or, perhaps, Prince, with your keen eyes, you may have already found out this priceless pearl ? Do you really kuow her ?" " Of course I know her." " So much the better. Have I said a word too much ? Do you not agree with me ? She shall not escape us. We shall go together to the mother—you Ehall be the philanthropist. The poverty of the mother has been made known to you. You will enquire into the circumstances of the good woman, leave a present behind you— repeat your visit, continue your benevolence— become acquainted with Ruse—and all the rest follows. The lout of a gardener will be easil7 satisfied—and it might make matters easier still if you were to give him a dozen dollars or so." In his rsge Philip could not speak. " May the thunder blast me " " If the scoundrel of a gardener makes any fuss about it," interrupted the Dutchman—" Ob, leave that to me. If I receive your Highness' promise of the Chamberlain's keys, the maiden is yours. The gardener shall be drawn as a soldier and sent to the army—there he can fight for his country. In the meantime you will be master of the situation. I think, mind you, that the girl will stick to the fellow for a while out of sheer common obstinacy; at all events, it won't be an easy matter to get those prejudices out of her head which she has imbibed amongst the canaille. But I shall soon take her in hand." " I Bhall break your neck if you do." " You are too kind. Only your good word with the King and the Chamberlain's_ keys" ——. "Sir, at this moment I should like to" " Oh, pray do not flatter me, your Highness. You know that I would yield my life for you at any moment. If I had suspected that you knew her, and that she was not indifferent to you, you might have gained her long ago." " Not another word," cried Philip savagely, as savagely, at least, as he dared to speak, in a suppressed voice in that room, so as not to be heard by the noisy crowd of maskers, and not to betray himself." "Not another word." " No, I will act," said the Dutchman gaily. " To-morrow we shall open the treBch in front of the fortress. Then yon will advance. Yon are accus tomed to conquer. I shall look after the gardener, and the mother will come over to your golden colours; and then " Philip could scarcely contain himself any longer. He seized the Dutchman's arm, and said, "Sir, if you dare to interfere with her." "For Heaven's sake, Prince, do moderate your transports, otherwise I mUBt cry out. You are crashing my arm." _ " If yon dare to pnrsue this innocent girl," continued Philip," as true as I live, I will smash every hone in your body." " Well, well," I sighed the Dutchman in pain and terror; " calm yonrself, and be pleased to let me go." "If ever I should find you sneaking after the girl, or even in the neighbourhood of Milk Btreet, yon die by my hand. You look to it." The Dutchman stood quite stupefied. "Your Boyal Highness," said be humbly, " I could not know that you loved the beautiful creature as passionately as it seems you do." " Ob, most devotedly, as I will proclaim before the whole world." " And are you beloved in return?" " What is that to you. Never speak to me about this again. Your very thoughts defile her. Now you understand me, begone !" With these words Philip turned his back, and the Dutchman retired, scratching his ear in apparent perplexity. [To be continued.] 