JVJEWS AND NOTES. The Castlemaine art union was drawn on Monday night. The *• Mail" yesterday published the winning numbers" Some overgrown booby bas been trying his might at ghost raising by appearing before p&ssengeis; going along the roads near the hospital during dark hours. Occasionally he has a covering like a sheet, and suddenly j.amps front a corner with a bleat like a sucking calf, such the fellow mustfbe. A watch is on.-the look out, and should they get near, : fiis.' ghogtship,, we guess, wiU be laid law with sore bones tor many a month to come" . At the close of the business, of the Mining Board on Monday, the chairman bronght under notice the application he made to the Minister ot Lands to permit of members of the Board sitting at Local Land Boards, as was once the custom. The Minister was disposed to sanction the chairman oi the Board sitting, but tbis concession is ot little value, as Mr Cameron pointed out to him, tor be resides at. St Andrews, and Local Land Boards may be held at Castlemaine, Bayleaford, or Maidon. Mir Brongbali,; spoke of the gespectabilky of members ot Mining Boards^ and none of them knew of Any cases where they swamped by numbers the officers of the depart meet. Mr Harding recorded his opinion that the members were a check en the officers, and on land agents , who... desired to acquire auriferous laud. - - j£rom the lattec he believed the as. perations against boards emanated.—-"'MaiL* We supplement the report of the Shire Council meeting with rhja following items ^ A letter was received from the Lands Xke. pertinent requesting the Council's concur, rence to. an alteration in the surrey of a block of land conditionally -sold in Long Gnlly, which would include a portion of a street. The Council declined to, concur. The letter, forwarded 'ft Mr Service in refer- to. Henrickson's dam. was returned en-, dorsed by statements of several departments, the last signed .by Mr Conch^ac to. t$*e effect—" It is stated Henrick?ou Tegis'ered thp dam site under the Mining Bo^rd bye laws on the 20 h. October. He accordingly secured a legal title before the department had any claim of interfering, supposing such a course to have been advisable." In reply to this statement the Secretary was instructed tojntorm Mr Service th#t the 6ite registered by Henrickson is not the same as applied for by :])£ Shire Council. The Surveyor sent in an unu>tially lengthy report of works finished, in progress, and works required. Thfi ro?d at Pegleg requires chains formation, and about 5.cbains ch,innelling near Co,wan's. The Chinaman's Creek road near Pranks require 3Q tbpins forming and metalling and 30>chains side drains. Mr Donovan has cut a drain 40 feet lrotn he fence near Hampton's, thereby almost obstructing traffip. Took level for drain near Maneop's, there willmot, be any tiifficuly in taking the water -tbe 'Cfeek. The road new Duff's is almost impassable.. There is a shaft oq the foptpat^j Parkin's Reel road, near Brewer's B it filled up. Recommerid&d;^!! 0 ! to, be made passable half-width near Gnlly. With, the committee inspected the Walmer Mad near the Orrville, and recotn-*. mend a culvert at the hollow and he road raised one grade fro:a tbe Castlematue road! The President and Cr Pollard supported resolutions for various works in the VValmer riding, and the members for Maldop sod Baringhnp attended to thp requirements oj ti^ir ridings. The herdsmen reported having registered 559!head ol large and 2. small cattle. fees,—£26, paid to,t he Shjre treasurer. Tbe herdsman asked permission to run a few bullocks in the pound paddock, at 9d pet head, as thoreis good, grass.at present.. This introduced the question ot fees to. be charged, and. it was resolved the fees, for grazing should, be 1$ fid per head fur horses, 1)3 per head for cattle, and 3d per night. The Inspector of. Nuisances reported that he found a. dead, cow at the end of Growler's Gaily,, bat could not discover its owner; he had the carcass buried at a cost of 3?. Tbe Inspector intimated he had summoned' fife-persons for allowing their cattle to wanr dec in,the. public streers, and. each one Sped TJjp sitting. nn;Friday lasted from 10. a.m tjH 5J pjn,,.and after this.the President and fonr. members had: to.travel a dark, damp apd cpjd joprney homeward from 8 to 12 miles. Should the weather keep fair there will be a great muster at Baringhnp this day to witness the. opening coursing meeting ot the. Maidon Club. JN'o dogs otherwise than those engaged will be allowed on the ground, a, very wise rule, as vagrant dogs frighten away more game than the comjieting dogs. Chj^iolm?s coach, will leave Maidon at 8 a.m. JBis Lprdship Biehop Moorhouse wall bold, a confirmation service, at Trinity Ghurch during the present month. . A monster- carcass of a.pig was to: be seen, and much, ad toped,, outside-of Mr. Up:tm's,. Main-street, yesterday. Tbe animal was. bred and fed by Mr. Upton, apd. is the largest slaughtered on. Maidon for a lojig. time. Is looked more-like a young bullqpk lipnging up. The friendly societies advertise- for a duly qualified medical man to attend, to a jiouiojn ol members in: conjunction with. .[>r» Farr. Thgre is. at presents seco;d tnedicq. here, a most worthy and skilfnl man. we are creditably informed, and thiere-- fore it is a matter of surprise to, outsiders, why his services fclu>uld not be enlisted, without more ado. i The Rev. T. Jt. a'Callahan, (a dintingnishpd preacher from Sandhurst J will celebrate mass in:the R. C, Church, Maidon, ;on. Sunday next the I3th,inst, at U a m., and will preach, a, special sermpn immediately aft6t> | At tha Opposition meeting on Saturday night flt Maryborough the '' Advertiser" 1 says tbe sitting: members, made very poorspeeches,. And appeared altogether out of sorts.. A good many people attended in expectation of hearing an explanation of. the arrangement $ey have made with Sir Johji O'Shanassy, but npon: tiiis point they.-wetja «ltbgether eilent. Mr Bowman got on tUe rampac^s, sad raved at the "Argas" and oAer. in&mpnst; lying, "borgwis*.' The appointment of poundkeeper just made by the Shire Council does not meet with general approval outside tbe council chamLer. Mr Watson may be as fit for the position as any other man for aught anybody knows, bur why pass over a doeen very old and not over prosperous residents each one qualified for t|ie post, and who would reside in the cdttage within the pound paddock. It's a clear case of grease the 1st bog. To correspondent.—TF.—wiH see the letter of "A Ratepayer" bespeaks the same sympathy. " Anti Log-roller."—We cannot say whether, there is a standing order of" the council "that no publican need apply for the poundkeeper's billet." A.L- K,. thinks eoch a rule was made on the retirement ot Mr Bromfield some years since. Better enquire, ot the Shire Secretary. Tbe second reading of Payment of Members Bill waB carried on Monday by a majority of 14. There were 11 pairs, so that 61 votes are accounted for out ol a House of 86. Tbe Speaker brings, the number np to 85, and the missing member is Sir John O'Sbauassy. Mr Service paired against the Biil, The English mail per Tanjore will bo made up at the local office lo-«morrow ("Thursday). Ratepayers, know ye not if tlie 1 rate money is not paid into the Shire Treasury by to-morrow, (Thursday^ evening, your name will not be placed ; on the roll, and you lose your municipal franchise for twelve months to, come. It may be that in consequence of a paragraph which appeared in our columns a few days, ago regarding the disgraceful proceedings frequently occurring in certain public houses, especially on Saturday nights and Sunday mornings has had a beneficial effect. Ot this we are not qoiie certain, bat lately the police have exerted themselves in. a most creditable manner, visit., ing the different houses cautiueing tlib landlords, snd the result is already felt in the district. Young men return, to their homes at reasonable hours,, but we are sorry to say there arte a few. old Larrikins whs ought ta kaow better, and who. will insist on making a noise in the silent hours ot Etuduight. A correspondent wyifces:—" Tbongh the reform leagues may pipe iha public refuse to dance, and whatever interested patcio's may say or do. the country is sick of turmoil and. agitation. Three years of misgoveroment, increased taxation, an embassy to England, and a deficit, has cooled- our ardor and we begin to think that the colony r< qpires repose and en adjustment of the finances. The Berry trumpet may sound but none will marcb.to the battle, and a few broadsheets may strike the key-note of strife, but only the veriest hacks «ill take part in the shindy. Peace snd Auployment, a reduction of. expenditure and economy in the public departments are what people teqnire. The enfranchisement .»{ 1.00,000 persons, as electors ot the Upper Rouse, and a reduction of the period, tor whiqh members are eJeced foi that bransh ofjthe Legislalure trow-, ten to six^ais ^tgcu^ltjE— wnawnneo.. That Set^iee. will have aaabsoiute majotity on.theseeond reading I will bet my bottom dollar,.despite the bluster of Sir J,. O'Sbanassy and tbe whining of- Mx Gaunson and other -disapppjntees of office/ Wi;h these men'tr/injitjons are natural aud lreqjient, as was the revolt ol Absalom, when counselled by Acbitophel,.and to whom Mr Service with pro priety, can apply the wards ol David, ' It it. "Ot an open euemy that bas. done me this dishonor,'far then I could have borne- it neither was it mine adversary, that did mag^ nify himself against me. for than, peradventure,. I would have hid myself from, him. But it was even ^hot^ my companion, my guide, apd mine ojvn tamiliar friend; There is.no faiihfulness.in their months, their inward pacts, are very wickedness, iljjiir 'hroats are open, sepuicbires,. and their words are smoother than oil, yet be tbey very swords. Like Joab, they pretend to,epeakpeaceably .and smife us, mortally, undpt the fifth rib' —!' Star." '" ' ' Highly esteemed as Mr Wrixon deservedly, is in ptibliO:'life, everyone knows (says the " B«ndigo Advertiser"). tLat bis political, character, is a. little tinctured with, eccentricity, and thongh. no, one can, object to his criticising the Ministerial proposals how he will, it does not really seem like carrying eccentricity to an extreme to leap so suddenly, and. without warning, from his enpposed.position iii relation toa Govern, ment, surrounded wilh extraordinary difficulties,. to. one- so, really inimical and embarrassing to. them.. The Geelong Times," writing on the same subject, says: —Mr Wrixon's enunciation respecting the Reform BilL on. Wednesday night will be most unsatisfactory, to his. constituent Hsd he,, during bis.electioneering canvass ' at Portland, expresseiihis oppoaition. to Mt Servicers schernp. as definitely tas tb -has since done in the Souses-tie would sot have been returned, bat would, have- heen vers clearly told, that his continued, reurcmeni into private life would have been, far more beneficial to the conutry thau his presence in the Legislative Assembly; The hon gentleman was a, memser of the House soma years, ago,, and then,, as- now, was trusted: by neither party.. He alwayi. sat on a. rail, and seldom had any. fixed sentinents of his own. He almost invariably spoke on one side, and voted on the other., Mr v • • • Wrixon does not represent ;tbe seetiments of Portland, ueuher does =Sir John. O^hanassy. represent the electors :of Warrnamoool. nor Mr Gaunson those of Ararat. The constituencies are'- tros, out the representatives are false."- i Some W ^ o the seereJwy .f tha ebmm&eo.; of. applied to the. Oi^C^^' ;aays the "Bendigo Advertiser"to«raii,a\uin of .money to pua&ue; a bophy. to-be corniced feTbv .members of the corps,. He eem^ forwards iaaoflier- letter-to. the Co.nnD a ^ S i ^ ^ S matter nnder the notice nf th*tbody. Th^un™ mcataoa. wasread «t it, meeting on Friday, whto town derk n, instroctod^ reply/^tatiig that the Council, ootOd. not conp'j. nth" tf^rSuest Utatber mean of tiie lichcity CounpiL while JuSdota Oonnial cheerfully, fiMts^trophyO/^ • ^ ®' T Amerting oftte MinerslB andmijuog tJommittee •f the Kilubition Traj: beld on TbarrfM-, foc^Se pm^s^deoatag a, to ^e apj ^ ^ - ^ . ^ court. Mr Norman Taylor, a gentleman well known in connection with Austm'ian geology, was appointed, at a weekly salary «f £10, and he will shortly commence his duties under the direction of a special committee—Messrs Pea ton, B. Clark (Minister of Mines), and Professor M'Coy. The Mining Department has boen engaged in the collection of zrming specimens, etc. tor some months psst, and Mr Taylor w31 be instructed to co-operate with tbe department in any way possible. (Hie new commissioners lately added to the committee says the *• Telegraph*are infusing a considerable amount, of vigour into the proceedings, aud then is every reason to believe that the mining industry will be thoroughly represented at tbe Exhibitions. Sumonrs almost too absurd to need contradiction form Bill. nre 'fcrtangitffe recofitpmelion oflbe" Cabinet in conjunction wit£ Mr Murray Smith, sod that Mr Service it to. eo home u agent- general. Other marvellous details are mentioned. Either the journal in question has been somewhat craetiy hoaxed, or it is practising on the credulity of the public. The idea of reconstruction has never once entered the head of any Minister, aad presuming the Service Government should .at times meet with disaster in politics, it certainly is not at aU probable that Mr Murray Smith, or any gentleman of hia political views, would be the coming man. Mr Service has no intention of paying a visit to-. Europe at present, and if ever- he does go he will certainly not saddle himself with the agent- general- Bhip.. Moreover, Ministers hare definitely made tbe announcement that if their Reform Bill should be defeated at second or third reading, or mset with any other disaster, they will neitner advise His. ExoelleDcy to send for their successors nor to allow them tOTeconstrijc£"batwiIlfollo|v.the Imperial precednt of recommending the Crown the appeal.to. countij. 