SUNDAY READING A SERMON FOR A SCEPTICAL AGE. Delivered in" London on May 2, 1880, by the Rev. E. E. Jenkins. mais judgment of the Samaritan woman cn -JL the cldinis.of ,bur I Divine Teacher is the verdict of common sense end it may be interesting to compare it with another verdict pronounced by a very different person indeed, introduced in the preceding chapter. I shall call it the verdict of scholar- ship. " Rabbi," said Nicodemus, " we know that Thou art a Teacher come from God, for no man can do these miracles that Thou doest; except God be with him/' It is for learned and cultured men to study for us the question of miracles, and to decide whether those achieve ments that are attributed to Christ in the gospels ' demonstrate, both in,their nature and in their purposes the interposition of God., The testi mony of miracles is the legitimate basis of re velation, and the historic position of Christian miracles is impregnable; but that it secures for - Jesus the faith and heart of the common people is not the miracle—it is the inner revelation of the Word. Miracles are the foundation of in- tellectual belief, inexpressibly precious' for the firmness that they impart to the experiences; which Jesus speaks to us. He tells us all things that ever we did. Now, this may be illustrated in the conversation which Christ had with the woman of Samaria. His words were a perfect riddle to her, until his teaching happened to touch upon her life. An une*« pected fact startled this woman into seriousness and- conviction. Tho fact was this : her life' wafl iiofc oilly 3 sidfy knoivn ttitMn the liiait&a; circle b£ hkE feliltiVea tad hfeigtiBbtirftj titifc there had been another witness of it; Ana 43; other kind of witness—riot a "hfearer of ftimo'tift: bdt an observer who, vp to that momentj^iiia unlmo&n; to ljer.aB well as unseen^ tad .See#' ever present in her inhor iiifafl, Ho£nisatit©f the entire source and history of the wanderings ;of that mind and of that life. In one word, there was another person who was in the secret , of her life. This was tho arrow that struck her, and although she affected not to regard the wound, but talked on as if there had been no wound and no angaieh, this was the fact that drew her to Christ and prepared hsr for the revelation.111 that speak unto thee am He." When she went baclt to the bitft the butdjjfl of her proclamation was iiot, '* Cofiie atd ieS S man who told me that God was a Stoiiit;" b'iifc " Come and see a man who told me everything I ever did, or would have done so if .1 had hot stopped Him; Is not ibis the Christ?" I. Christ's knowledge of nuinan nature is 2 sufficient warrant of oar belief iri Christ's Divine mission. Among the teachers of iniin we accord the highest rank to those who teach as how to lire. Writers of human life and human character always take a higher position than the mere scientist, the mere philosopher. At the present day, I know, the soientiat is more popular than the preacher, and the scien* tific leoture will draw more people to listen to it than the sermon; bat the reason is this, and It is a very peculiar reason, the deep questions of man's origin and man's future are indirectly, but most sensibly) those questions affecting the law of morals. There is the secret of the fM cinations of science. In the scientific world the question that inspires nearly all its labours is, What is man ? This question derives its significance from two other questions that at# cognate to it—namely, What is man appointed to do or destined to he ? It is evident) there* fore, that if fbr the toothent the scientist'll more popular than the moralist, the reason is because he thinks it probable that his invests gations will evolve a new theory of life, and that he himself will become a moralist at some lime, gome scientific men have already be* come preachers,preaching anotherGospel which is not another. ThuB, I think, it is made clear that among teachers the foremost samel are found in the literature of morals and character. Whatever view may bo taken of Christ's knowledge of man, no subsequent teaoher has made any addition to it. The most valuable contributions to othioal knowledge which'have' been made since the publication of tbe New Testament have been expositions of the words o{ Jeans. We know nothing' that helps m to" j understand the position of man upon earth,' I and the reasons that havo made that position ' what it is, which cannot be traced to tbt 6th, 6th, and 7th chapters of the Gospel acoordiog to St. Matthew. There were before Ohriit was born writers of illustrious genius and ex perience who made man the particular object of their study.v Their works are profound, and abound in exquisite delineations of human character, extended notices of human achieve ments ; but there is auoh a gulf between the obscurities and uncertain foundations of Pagan teaching on man, and the large, clear, authori tative declarations of Jesus, that you cannot bring them together except by very remote analogies. The reason is, that the Pagan : writers were ignorant of two things;* (t) Of the origin of man—they were unable to connect man historically with the beginning of tho race, and therefore did not know whether tho varieties of type around tbem—the Negro, Mongolian, and Caucasian* types—claimed the same rank, whether tbey descended from one pair or from several; and (2) became they were at a loss to account for 'th"o e*ia'eno0 °* Inora^ evil~iin tho heart.whioh «oM«red to tli era almost as much a part of I human nature aa moral good. These two prob iith the poets they foiind very elegant expres Siontathemythologies. . •. - •' There' are men who declino to acoept the words of Christ upon theso subjects, and who at the same time aro noror tired in expressing their admiration of. tho oharaoter and of the: wfidbihof Christ. Now, it is essentially un acienlifio to criticieo tho statements and the sayings of Jesus upon what we may eon teith'to be tho, necessary limitations of human KHoitiedge,. affirming arbitrarily that while lis Vidi right iii bfao dohtrinb Ho was ♦rohg in ' ahothor. Ho was right ih every doctrine, and the very men who obieot to receive all Ho fluid, by the very pre eminence whioh tbcy give to Christ, say He is Shore their criticism, do what you will with his life arid teaohing. Bring to tho examina lidh of them ovSry nedr methdd of analysis ihd fetehibhj Urinjj tho latest discotery and the latest fact on the.nuti<luity of man, bring the last theory and 'speculation of tho evolutionist and of the metaphysician, and yon loave the Redeemer where the Jews, where' you, found Hiai. i theroHo'ie (pointing upwards), lifted Hp* aboVo your following and above your braise, above bis fellows! There ■ He iflj the Host knowing, the most pure, the most mighty, in shaping other rtien's character, and the sole ;Anthor of the only progressive civilisation in the.world! There He is, and you cannot touoh Him i .Mere are two movomonts going on just now, side by side, regarding Christ, equally conspi cuous, equally vigorous—an anti-Ohristian scepticism, and a growing belief in Jesus. (1.) With regard to an anti-Christian sooptioism, it; would be folly for the teacher and the preaoher: to deny that there is a most formidable anta gonism just now against Christ and .the Sorip tures; but we are very liable, perhaps, to Sisggerate this power. Lest we fail info .1 hat ertotofreiag^eraUon,J let iia temember that if the ungodliness of the present day happens to as sume the scepticsl guise it will assume some other gttise hy-and-bye. Fo r the present, 1 however, ft is a sceptical gnise, and this ungodliness Ditches the Intellectual manner and caBt of the momentj borrows its language to dress hp''itr levities and its banter, but it mnat. not, ;be; imagined that it represents tho intelligence and' the judgment of soeiety. Ton mnat not imagine that these men really represent what is in foe heart of the masses of the people of this country, for instance, who are not Athe ists ; there is a religion in their nature waiting to be evoked. (2). There ia a growing belief in Jesus, not so much fostered by foe literature; of foe Chnreh, by books, for' instance, that are - called''The Life of Christ," not so much fos tered by books of that kind as by the Word, the dissemination of the words themselves of . Jesus in foe many-tongued Bible depioting his works, recording his sayings, and nnfolding in gradual disclosure his infinite character, accord-; mg to foe diligence and intelligence of the student. Thousands, are studying the New, Testament to-day outside all ohnrches; readers who cannot, and do not attempt to, decipher ecclesiastical acts, who despite the nomencla ture of creeds, conferences, and councils, but who are drawing near to this source, to this word. The New Testament is no ohuroh book, no party hook. It belongs to ns all. As a missionary advocate I am thankfnl to ■ Cbd1 that this is bo. I would prefer that men should prosecute their inquiries in the Ohuroh, that they draw nigli and become with us oommon possessors of the blessings of the isnetuary; bat I do rejoice that thousands, and perhaps tens of thousands, in this world, un known in tho records of missionary reports, are striving to slake their thirst at this well. The stranger that met tho woman at the Samaritan well is sitting upon cither wells all over foe world and looking but for thirsty Bonis. He is not now localised as Ho was then ; not how enshrined ih a body, but iofinitoly dif fused ; as intimately in contact with the* con sciences of men as the air thoy brcatho is in contact with their lungs. It is itlio duty and. foe vocation of churches to plant themselves upon the highways of thought aud of life, and. to look out lor souls, that strangers, thirsty tra-' Tellers, may take tho water of life freely. VWhen.we speak of tho power;of: the Hivine/ Word, and its action Upon the minds of men, loading thorn gradually to tho one Instructor and Saviour of us all, and, whon wo declare this power to be the hope of the world,- wo - mean something more than the natural oporation of argument and study and advancement in New Testament knowledge. Behind tho Writton Word there is tho Lord and Giver of know-, ledge and of life. There is no truth wiiioh gives me as a missionary more consolation than this —tho Holy Ghost is far hcnco amcngst the Gentiles, waiting and having long patienco until foe Ohuroh shall ovortakolior duty,; The, Spirit there is apparently dormant where - there is nothing to instruct the man but his con science, and that conscience in many coses with out ono disturbing ray of light. Thoro Ho is, opening doors into hitherto inuccossible races j and societios and castes, preparing tho Word fjw foo. way, and tho way for llio Word. n«, iuu way, ior: jno ivoru. .niissionary labourer is tho Holy j °' j. " J" Ho who is to accomplish tho ro f world of ours, and we, there-' .vvist hasten to join Him in tho operations of D- "asten to join Hun in tho operations .-fy'85^0 where tho nations sit in darknoss *ad in tho shadow of death. " hntenu ,ome fo this congregation who i. .st to. be, not only tho highest Teacher, we greatest instructor, bnt who givo Him a imiM IOw '' PO'fivoly isolated in-Iiis hut ^°"° foat intollootually, f.l,» further. tho position ' nm..J., Jou P'aco Christ there you m fos lur^er' att(l mako Christ not merely vonr .i °.- *our imitation, but the God of Mool.ifJi!: ®t ^ of Jour providence. The fidsd in mission of Christ ia con foe *v«. ^V,er.T uno fo whom tho revelation of eaeiah |has been mado; tho Gospel and I y10®" °l gfeatjoymuat bo commu * f0. U8° Jhe w,ord of tho Apostle Paul, ! l^rX -lnf P'fK3?4. if 1 translate him ^ '"to.ll'genco must bo sot forth that oommon peoplo day bo dblo U> wither it Rod h.°. y' °f °VJm° ^ 8hore- I k°ow that God has raised up Ministers to study the Scrip tures, and to found the Churohes; but mv point is that _tbe individual testimony of a con vert is rii dime an instrumont in the hand of Uod as the sormon of an erangcliat. As you have opportunities speak a word for Christ. Stand up for tho honour of tho Master. Hold UP yh"»k amidst bis enemies — not indis criminatoly, but wisely, courageously, reso lutely confeis tho religion of Christ. Let us faithfalT' lk' Oo<1 belP u» to bo more 