? A Oil Cuiu—Awu-wjrti.dtinr of Irft^ tells the ioHosFmg ekwy of iehne intelligence -.—Afany jEars ago wotoed in Oambiiage, at the back of EmmaKusl College, The premises wrae par%oui off from the: road byajughwail; the body of iie house efeeod back some htrie didance. A high.: trellisj - dividing oS tbe garden, ran. feim t^ie entrance door to the wall, ia whieh -srae anodier door or gate. A por&on; of the house, a gable, fax»i fee trdiis. These parfidukre are necessary, as you will see. We wis^ ^ter some timeof residence, extiemdy; troubled by: V jsm-away^-bell-xmgs,'' 'gene-." rally most prevalent at and in rainy, lad* or cold wea&er;, whiei)- was a,- great annoyance to the serrant siris, who had to cross £he space between the house and the wallto open ihe ouier door in the latter, Mid; were thus exposedvto ,wet snd cold. The; annoyance be^ne eo great that at length s cousin and -myself, aimed with wicked aeh BapTingSj Watdied behind fee trees, bent on. admimstenng -a sound thrashing to the! enemy, whoever he was, that disturbed .our domestic, peace. Mirable di&u; I The nnge oonffiraed, but no one pulled the bell handle !• Being a very- old house, they were now, of course, set down, to ghosts! Bat not believe jug in those gentry. I was puz2ded. Chance," iowever, revealed the onginator of the scare. Being ill, I was confined to the wing facing the trellis, and one miserable,^ blowing, wet' day, gaang disconsolately out of the window,; I - espied my favourite cat—a smgulaxly intelligent, animal, much, petted—coming along the path, wet, draggle-tailed, and miserable. Pussy .marcheS up to the housedoor, snffied at it,- poshed it, mewed.' but finding it firmly shut, clambered up to the top of tie trellis, eoioe eight or ten feet from the ground, reached a paw over the edge, scratched till she found the bell-wire which ran along tbe. upper rail from the wall to the hoaee, -caught 5iold.of it, gave it a hearty pall, then jumped down and waited demurely at the door. Out came the m&id;, in rafhed pues. The former, after gazing vaguely up and down the street, returned, jnuttering"bleEgings," aodoubt, on the ghost, to be confronted ;by me in the hall. " "Well, Lyaia, I have at latt found out who rings the bell.'- . " Iiard, master, ye harvent, sorely"—she was broad'"Zarmerzetsheer." " I have; come and see. Lookout of the breakfast room window,' bat don't show yourself." -Meanwhile I went into the drawingroom, where Mrs. Puss was busy, drying herself. before the fire. Catching her up, I popped her outside of the door and ran round io my postof obBervation. Puee inei the door and-mewed, thinking probably, some one must be near, and after waiting two or three mmutes in vain, again sprang- up the 1 trellis and renewed her attack on the bettwire, ol course to be immediately -admitted by thB dehghted maid, who-this time did not cross the yard, nor ever again, I fear sometimes to. the inconvenience of visitors, if puss was- waiting for admiBeion. How think .that-no one ever taught that cat how to nng the bell by pulling , the wire. To my mind she must have gone through the following process oi reasoning: 1, She aotioed thai whenever the bell rang the door opened; S. In clambering up the trellis to the housetop she ifcccidently moved the wire and caused; the beli to ring. This probably occurred several times before shenohced it, but having once done «o,.ehe, repeated it, purposely, : whenever ehe wanted entrance ; I have often maqe her do it for the amusement of friends by turning Her out frcm her snug nest by tbe fire on cold or wet days. i A votciNio eruption in the souEh-westerni part of Iceland, of winch. • intelligence has only lately come to hand; proves to have been oloselyicontemporaneous: with terrestrial disturbances an Southern Europe, including the recent outbreak of Mount jEtna . THE USE OP PIUR.—The power which rules the universe, iJus great,^^ tender power, uses pain as a signal of danger.: Jtist; generous, beautiful nature never states a foul blow; never attacks:.US:behind our hacks;"never digs, pitfalls or lays ambuscades; -never-wears a smile upon her face when there is vengeance in.her heart. • Patently isho teaches -lis her laws, plainlyshe wutes her warnirig: tenderly she graduates their force. Long before the fierce, red danger light of pant is Bashed,; fiiie pleads isife xm—ae-ihaagh for her own sake, not ours—to be merciful to oursdves and -to each, other. • Sho makes the ^.overworked. brain . to- wander from the subject of . its labours. She turns tho overindulged body against tie delights of yesterday.., jThese are her caution signals, "Go Blow." She stands in the filthy courts and alleys that we pass daily, and beckons us to enter and realise with our senses what we : allow to exist m the midst of the culture of which we brag. And what do we do .for ourselves f We ply whip and spur on ihe. force it bank into the road which leads tomadness, and'go tm-fall gallop; We drijg ihe rebellious body wiiJi etimnlanis, tre hide fc origmal and ijmik we have-escaped fee teiger, .and -are -veiy festive Jbefore lughi. We turn aside, as the Pharisee did of old; iasia pass on the other side with our handkerchief to onr sioBe At last, having "broken. "Nature's laws, ana disregarded her waw.- mgsyfortjisiie comeB-—i3ruiii^L)eating, - OOIOUTB Hymg-ztight in Sronb J bo^nmsh w Then we go down on'ovi knees and whimper about it having pleased (3od Almighty to send this affliction -upon us, and we pray him to work z miradem order io reverse fee natural 0on.2 sequences of our disobedience, or save UB from the trouble <Sf domg our duty In other words, we put our fingers in the •fire' end beg &a;,titma.ynat hurt —Timple'Snr. 1 AWSODOIE or GEOBGE; I —While Oeorgfe I. of England was gravelling j,n Holland, he came io <a town whefein lived influential people Who aad, as be tbonglit, maligned Mm, and lie swore,;with a big oath, that ie would aiot tarty there even for » meal. •The day on winch he arrived atthetopnin •qaejiiion was exceedingly lair, and while Ms| servants werejengaged in exchanging jiorses, ; and making new -arrangement of baggage/; the king went m parson to the .door of ibei frwaipalinn apd aslea lor three fresh mgs: and « measure oi new milk. "The articles 1 were'brought, and disponed of, and when his1 jmajesty asfced what wa8-,toW,ie trae' tolS—"twohnudredioj-ins.-" i'' TwobnSdted d florins 3" >psiecl the MDe?ashattr T!ihr,/l ^Csa xemszfcsKb phenomenon known a»St Elmo's fixe has again, been obserrea m Switeerfend, Sashmo by a party of fflmmtaineere un Sis Grass <H&dSmer; momusBn. While engaged in the ascent they were ovwtskea by a iaremendous iJinnaficsboan. To obserrers at A dis&nee; ihe deotac fima Bgpeszed to be striking m and about j^e enSsre companv. and to the members of the parrv Siiemiaives all nature seemed suddenly aflame. "Gsiaemen}-5Fe^i.aabeetnu4:; dead," said their grade; "but what does it matBsr? He ligEtang nafiiit iave bHed ns if wo iad been in our beds." The intense glare completely blinded Biem M lor tto tame bemjr; and when their sight setameu,; each Tras "seen by his oompamons to be enveloped m a stream of elficfefc fee. Sparks, fibvr from heads, beards, coats, and bate, and etai from tilfar aJpensstockE into the. enow Notwiihstandiiig £heir Tmminent. peril, Juwrever, all escaped. Tbe danger to which they were <ng»osed mayi»«ppreaiafed when we state ih&t; imndreda ot goats have; beentiUedin the Alps year liy lughtoing PSXEE BISR, of Boorgevai, jBtance, gained -&e; consent <rf lizs £weethfiait to marry, Biid started Jor home, eingmg joyously as he •went. The girl listened to Ins voice as he crossed a. field, snd noticed fiat it stopped : suddenly m the middle of He song. This odd foreafrmgvoff excited her-wonder. She went to leam- the cause, andiound her,lovermurdered. A rival had. overheard him, followed lum, and efcenak ium down. from, behind. Air least one vine-grower in the Island of Maderis has succeeded m checking the devaetations of the'phylloxera insect m his] vineyards. Ha uncovers the iower stem jsad roots of each plant ss Jar s« be eaiely insy, inins the loose "barken which the insets umaUy gather, or treats it with boiling water, and finally eoats both Hem Wupcnt^ii to^'^ro^rtLUra of tafl -a half ounces of the former to a quattufche flatter. ->3Sue tuixiure is adherent -and coheave. It destroys the insects touched byit.ancl finally restoreEtheplantto health. A SDHPBIBEIG EsoisE.—A aremarkabie ireak ol lightning , is reeorded in a .French newspaper. A farm labourer, musing for shelter, was suddenly thrown .to the ground, tbe fork he sained on his shoulder being wrenched irombis grasp -andcarriBStiiroagii ilie air to s dietanee of fifty or tixty yBrds. The; prongs -were bent and ..twisted vnth well-nigh: mathematical accuracy, .into the shape of corkscrews, tbe steel being burnt, ana-formed, on its exterior surface, into email lamina; which emittea a slightly sulphurous odour. The labourer, escaped without irjury. \- Tee officers of a Danish war vessel which; has been ermemg ibost the coast of Josland during the flsbing Eeason report. meeting great masses of driftwood in the sea to the north of the island, ana say that the -farther north they went the more there was of it THET COTJIOJRT CRER EVEK.—I was looking over :ihe atones that wereeent in last wees, for the prize, aud i. wdider that the editor: did not insert this one, which is really too good to -be lost: " There is a cuaonE dnfl now pending in Boston years ago. - JSfr. A-, a Mr. B., a mamed man, widi one cbild^ who replied that the condiiionE were not equal -; that he must necessarily put more at risk with his life than the other, and he declined." A year afterwards he received a challenge from Mr. A, who stated that he, too, had now wife and child,. Mid he supposed^ therefore, the objection of Sir. B. was - no lo,nger valid. 3Ur. JB. replied that he now badtwo children, consequently the meqnalifcy stiil existed. The next year Mr. A- renewCTt his challenge, having now two ohildrfe also ; but his adversely had three. Tbe, matter, when-last heard from, was still going on, the numbers being six to sevens and the challenge yearly renewed."—Londm Truth. FBOK the MmtMy {formerly the Quarterly) Jiurnel of Snetitt, v/e leam that Dr. A W. Lyte recommends oil of sassafras as a remedy for the bite of the copperhead snake. He says 11 is not only an e&ctual; anudote m such cases, cat a destructive agent as applied to jnsecifc : A FEEKCH meteorologist, Mons. B. Benoa, predict? h series of bad seasons in Europe from present time until the summer of lt-83 inclusive: He expects the winter of 1S81-1S62 to be an exceedingly severe one. J IK several states of Europe .the csneus has recently aSorded evidenoe. of the superior longevity of. women.. Of centenarians the proportion is two hundred aid. forty-one women to one hundred and forty^one jnen.jin Italyj twoiundred and. twenty-rune women to one bundred anil eighty-three men in Austria ; and five hundred and twenty-six women to. five hundred and ^twenty.four men in Hungary. MUBDEBBES EEPAIIKG .StoIiEK MONEE, One of the stranoe features in the double murder m the Faubourg St. HonorS, that has for some time been the talk of Pans, ib the fact that the murderer thought fit to write to the widow of :his master and victim to lnfomi her that it was only for the sake of robbery <hat be committed this enme. «I have taken about eighty pounds," he Bays, in conclusioh, "with which money -I mean to make -my fortune; and I pledge myself ie retarn it to you some day." Extraordinary as the • scruple may look, this is not the. first tune that.* murderer, without apparently feeling' much, remorse for the deed m itcelf, has given signs of feeing quite awake to the pecuniary liability which it entails. Thus •the Marquis :de -Balverte, whose iather wa» murdered at San Domingo about a quarter of a -century,, ago, received, by post, after the lapse of a few years, a sum of eight thousand - pounde, with noiioe that it .wag . a, 38Btilution of tlie amount robbed, from - the murderer , himself,, who bad made hie fortune, but declined to give .his name and address. In another ease, a Parisian senator was for years in receipt of a monthly installment of eight pounds irom London, the sender of which was unknown, with notice that the amount would be forth-: coming to complete the payment of a sum, of twenty-four thousand iranos robbed from one of bis nnoles 'after murder.—Xkmdon World,. ? AN inspection of pork has been established byiawmthe. oiij oi Bfcriin on aocoust ol the prevalence of trichunasis. The official ' inspectors are .required to employ the microscope in their exammation. Butchers are forbidaen to out op or sell any pork-nnti! furnished 'wifliS. certificate that it sis bee from trichiT>ffi. In evidence of this, the inspectors are alsp aequwd'to •tamp sihel slaughtered snimsl Itself. " ' * | AT ihe iattle of Senef the Pxaioe Conde-sent word to Marshall de Nevaillea to be ready to engage the enemy. Th«S messenger found him h.ea,tmg JMass, at wb>oh Hie Prince, being enraged, muttered eomethingun abuBe of over ^nons persons. But the Marquis, "having evinced the .greatest-heroism idurmg.;;the,«ng^nieiiti' said after, it to ihePjmee," Tow highness I fancy, now sees that thope who pray to God behave as well in battle jib their, neighbours ' Wat, at Onsar.—Out a chicken into jqmts, jnd -put it into a stewpau With 2oz. of blanched almonds, browned in a feying -paiij J and pounded to a cteam with an onion and the peel of laali a lemon; mii alatge^poon- •fui of tumcnc and half a teaspoonful of eayexme piper in a breakfast cupfnl of water. Put taie whole into a utewpan, put curry powder m acoording-to taste, and let it simmer about twenty minutes ^ add a iefcspooniul ol cream, let it boil up once, and befors dishing squeeze in the juice of a lemon. I FES^OH CAEES.—-Taie ljlb. of flour,\ small teaonpinl of yeast, half a pint of milk warmed, lib. of butter, and four eggs W Make a iolfi in -the flour, and pour into it ,, ^^SgB, snd^east' mix them aU ! well together; beat the dough, adding tiie' outter by (iegreea. JGetiijitaiid for one hour i x> ikb, fheuJaU ialf a pound of mlie'd sugar, wd miy it wdl in wiii'",the dough butler cutler the cups or pansj jut ' m ihe dough, - - 