A GRIM JOKE. The inhabitants oi a small township situated not moi'e than the orthodox " one hundred miloB " from Mnrrnmburrah have gained greater notoriety by their misohievons propen- sities than by other qualifications, and they are determined, as far as in them lieth, to maintain their exnltant reputation, at least so it would seem by the following : — One day lately an old resident of the township departed from this life, and before tho bnrial took place some of the residents assembled to hold a " wake." Previous fo this, however, the manufacture of a coffin was entrusted in the hands of a second-rate tradesman, bnt when finished it was not considered of very elegant proportions by those in authority, and was condemned, the carpenter receiving instruc tions to exercise his ingenuity in the making of a second box. This one suited better, and the corpse was laid oat according to time- hononred fashion and left in a private room to await the interesting ceremony. In the meantime an individual possessed with an ardent love for Walker's whiskey fell into the hands of a few larrikins, and was made so helplessly drank that his tronbles were a pleasure to him. This individual was put in the "condemned " coffin, covered over with the lid, and placed in the room where the wake was to be held, the corpse of the dead man being removed. This took place in the evening, and shortly afterwards the friends' of the late Mr. M assembled to celebrate the wake, and indulge in the festivities usual on snob occasions, - Things > went aloDg gaily, while the individual in the coffin was sleep ing the dead' sleep of — well, not of the virtnons ; bnt presently the effeots of the whiskey began to wear off) and the snpposed corpse simultaneously gave a deep groan and a kick. The room was cleared in an instant and in the scramble for exit from the land of ghosts the "wakers" quite forgot to take with them their hats and nmbrellas. One young man is supposed to be travelling across the hills at railway rate yet, and two others have been anxiously searched after by their lady loves.— Temora Leader. 