LAUBENCE STERNE. \- Dr.-Knox wrote, " To excite .a laugh from the pulpit is to inspire the hearer with a levity of temper ill adapted to the indulgence of: devotional feelings ; and this reminds us of another clerical with, Laurence Sterne, of whose preaching the poet Gray remarked, " You see him often tottering on the verge of laughter, and ready to throw his periwig in the face of his audience." But we are not going to gay hard or harsh things about poor witty parson Yorick, as sufficient obloquy has already been thrown upon him by other writers ; besides-but this is a secret our chamber window overlooks his burial place, and his ghost might prove trouble some on dark nights. Rather would we say of Sterne what Father Prout said of Swift, that if a bald spot were to be found on his head, our hands should be the first to cover it with laurels. It is a curious fact that the three wittiest ot our parsons were all connected more or less with York shire1. Sterne and Sydney Smith both held livings and passed the larger portion of their lives"in* that county, while Dean Swift is stated to have been a descendant of;an ancient Yorkshire family. Parson Yorick, whose great-grandfather had been Archbishop of York, was vicar of Sutton iWhen he wrote the book that has made him famous-the quaint, witty, but unfor tunately somewhat coarse work of which Leigh Hunt wrote, that " if he were re quested to name the book of all others which combined, wit and. humour under their highest m appearance oMevity with the; profoundest wisdom, he should-tame / Tristram! > Shandy.':" -iThere is much truth in this, and who can doubt it if he recall-.to mind^ the- character of Uncle :Toby-the gentle, Ghristian, noble, and yet truly-human character of the hero of JNamurP How this'well-known comment upon the, passage from the form of a Romish excommunication depicts his' kindly nature ! The passage ran as fol lows :-'. May the holy and eternal Virgin Mary, mother of God, curse him ; May Sc. Michael, the advocate of holy souls, curse him ! May all the angels and arch angels, principalities and powers, and all the heavenly armies curse him !" " Our armies swore terribly in Flanders," cried my Uncle Toby, " but nothing to this. I couldn't find it in my. heart to curse my dog so." Somewhat odd were the methods adopted-bjrour vJcar of Sutton for the purpose of keeping his Yorkshire congregation thoroughly awake whilst he was preaching to them, and the following 'commencement of one of his sermons shows plainly enough that he was deter mined to " murder sleep" on that occa sion: His text began, " It is better to go to the house of mourning than to the house of feasting." " That I deny," said Sterne. "But let us hear the Wise Man's reasoning upon itFor that is the end of all men, and the living will lay it to heart. Sorrow is better than laugh ter*-for a crack-brained order of Car thusian monks, I grant, but not for men of the world," continued Sterne ; but of course he showed that the Wise Man was. right after all before he came to the end of bis sermon. Surely this is as good a mode of preventing a congregation from falling asleep as that whiob we have been told was employed at a country church some years ago, when the beadle went round the edifiee during service carrying a long staff, at one end of which was a fox's brush, and at the other a knob { with the former it was the duty to tickle the faces of the female sleepers, while on the heads of their mtfle compeers he bestowed with the knob a sensible rap. There is a story told of a little Scotch lassie who was taken to chnrch by her grandmother, and who, towards the end of a long and dull sermon, growing weary, began to pull her ; grandmother's dress, and say, " Come" . awa', granny, and gang hame; this is a ; lang grace and nae meat." Who of us has not experienced some of those " lang graces with nae meat P" Not such, how ever, were the sermons of Laurence Slerde. It is now more than a century since he died iti his lodgings in Bond Street, friendless and alone j but be live4 in the more decorous days of modern pro priety. Had he been born a hundred .years later, and breathed the somewhat purified atmosphere of the present time, there is no doubt that the more indelicate portions of his writings would never have appeared. As it is, he is the Kabclais of our literature, and possibly as a man was not so bad as he has been painted ; not withstanding that a contemporary prelate,' the very learned and logical Bishop War burton, wrote to a friend respecting him, more in jest than in' earnest, that " the fellow" was " an irrecoverable scoundrel." \- Tinsley't Magazine. 