: source of personal beauty A beautiful person is the natural form of a beautiful soul. The mind builds its own house. The soul takes precedence of the body, and shapes the body to . its own likeness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of the fairest face. A sensual disposition deforms the handsomest fea tures. A cold, selfish heart shrivels and distorto the best looks. A mean groveling spirit takes all the dignity out of the figure, and all the character out of the countenance. A cherished hatred trans forms the most beautiful lineaments into an image of ugliness. It is as impossible to preserveood looks with a brood of bad passions feeding on the blood, a set- of low loves tramping through the heart, And a selfish, disdainful spirit enthroned in the will, as to preserve the beauty of an elegant mansion with a litter of swine in the basement, a tribe of gipsies iD the parlour, and owls and vul tures. iu the upper part. Badness and auty will no more keep company a great while than poison will consort with health, or an elegant carving survive the furnace fire. The experiment of put ting them together has been tried for thousands of years, but with one unvaring result. There is no sculptor like the mind. There is nothing, that so- refines, polishes, and ennobles face and mien as the 'constant presence of great thoughts. The man who lives in the region of ideas, moon beams though they be, becomes indealised. There are no arts, no gymnastics, no cosmetics which can contribute a tithe so much to the diguity, the strength, ennobling of a man's looks as a great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, and unquenchable enthusiasm. But more power ful still than any of these as a beautifier of the person is the overmastering purpose and pervading disposition of kindness in the heart. Affection is the organising force in the human constitution. Woman is fairer than man because she .has more affection than man. Loveliness is the outside of love, kindness, good-will, a prevailing desire and determination to make otners nappy, maxe iue body a temple of the Holy Ghost, The soul that is fall of pure and generous affections fashions the features into its own angelic likeness, as the rose by inherent impulse grows in grace and blossoms into loveliness which art cannot equal. There is nothing ou earth which transfigures a personality, refines, exalts, irradiates with Heaven's own im press of loveliness, as a prevading, prevailing kindness of heart. The angels are beautiful be- (.anse thev are trood. and God is beauty because He is love. — Pome Journal. 