The Storyteller. The Three Souls. (From the French of Erckmann-Chatrian.) THE year 1805 was the sixth year I spent at Heidelberg, studying transcendental philosophy. You know what university life is : it is a full existence—the existence of a grand seigneur. One rises at midday, smokes bis old Ulm pipe, drinks one or two glasses of schnapps ; then one buttons his polonaise up to his chin, adjusts his little Prussian cap above his left ear, and goes leisurely to listen for half an hour to the illus trious Professor Hasenkopf discuss such ideas as he may have selected ci piHori or a posteriori. Every one is at liberty to gape, or even go to Bleep, if he so elects. The lecture over, one rapairo to the brewery of "King dambrinus," and stretches hi* logs out under a table. Pretty waitresses, in their black taffeta corsets, hasten to offer ryo bread, sausage, ham, and beer. One sings the air of Schiller's "Robbers;" one drinks, one eats, and is oblivious to the care incident to this mundane existence. This routine you sometimes vary by putting your dog Hector through his paces, or by clasping the waist of Charlotte or Adelgunde, when, perchance, a general mtiie follows, in which blows are freely exchanged, tables overturned, and glasses and chairs are broken. The watchman appears on the scene ; you are seized, are conducted to the calaboose, where you are compelled to spend the night. Thus pass the days, the months, and the years. At Heidelberg, one finds unfledged princes, dukes, and barons of high and low degree, and the sons of cobblers, pedagogues, and tradesmen. The young nobles band together, but all the others fraternise on an equal footing. In 1805 I was thirty-two years old, and my hair and beard already began to be streaked with gray. My liking for beer, tobacco, and sourkrout begun to lessen ; I felt the necessity of change. As for Hasenkopf, with his discourses on the dis cursive and the intuitive, the apodeictic and pre dictive, he had succeeded in filling my head with a veritable pot-pourri. Not unfrequently I would stretch out my arms, nnd cry: " Rasper Zaan ! Kaaper Zaan ! it is not good to know too much. Nature no longer has any illusions for you. You may say, with Solomon, ' Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.' " Such was my frame of mind, when, toward the end of the spring of the year 1805, a terrible event occurred, which taught me that I did not know everything, and that the career of a philo sopher v not always strewn with roses. Among my older comrades there was one Wolfgang Scharf, the most inflexible logician I ever chanced to meet. Imagine a short spare man, with hollow sockets, white lashes, red hair cut short all over his head, a close- cropped beard that comes up high on hia sunken cheeks, and broad muscular shoulderß, covered with the rags of what was once a handsome garment. To see him slip along the walk, a loaf of bread under his arm, bis shoulders thrown forward, and bis tj«a aglow with a strange light, was to see a picture that would not soon escape from the re* collection. And yet my friend Wolfgang thought of nothing but metaphysics. For Borne five or six years he had lived on nothiug but bread and water in a garret of the Old Shambles. Not once during all this time had he found a mug of beer or a glass of wine necessary to stimulate bis ardor for science, or an ounce of animal food to give him strength for his sublime meditations. And yet, gaunt and half-starved as the poor devil was, I was afraid of him. I was afraid, for, despite his apparent marasmic condition, his osseous frame was endowed with almost super human strength. The muscles of his jaws and hands protruded beneath the akin like so many rods of iron ; and then there was something sinister and forbidding in bis look that was cal culated to excite distrust. This strange being, in his voluntary isolation, seemed to have preserved for me alone a senti ment akin to friendship. He came to see me from time to time, when, gravely seated in my arm-chair, he would acquaint me, more or le.s in detail, with his metaphysical lucubrations. "Kasper," he asked abruptly, "what is the boul ?" And I, glad to have an opportunity to display my erudition, replied with a doctoral air: " According to Thales, it is a sort of magnet; according to Plato, a substance which moves itself; according to Asolepiades, an excitation of the senses. Anaximander says it is a compound of earth and water ; Empedooles says it is the blood ; Hippocrates, a spirit diffused through the body ; Xenophon, the quintessence of the four elements ; Xenocrates " " Good, good !" he interrupted; M but you— what do you think the soul is 1" "I ? I say, with Lactantius, that I don't know. I am by nature an Epicurean. Now, as you know, according to the Epicureans, every conviction comes from the senses. The soul being some thing beyond the reach of the senses, I can conse quently have no opinion with regard to it" "Nevertheless, Kasper, we know that very many creatures in the animal kingdom—inflect* and fishes, for example—are deficient in one or more of the senses. Who knows if we possess all of them ?—if there are not others of which we have not even a suspicion ?" " That is possible ; but, being in doubt, I will refrain from venturing an opinion." "Do you believe, Kasper, that we can know anything we do not learn ?" " Assuredly not. Every science is the product of study and experience." " If that be true, how comes it that chickens no sooner leave the shell than they begin to run about and search for food ? How comes it that they discover the hawk, though high above them, and run for safety under the mother's wings ? Do they learn to recognise their enemy while they are in the shell?" " That is instinct, Wolfgang. All the animals obey certain instincts." " Then it seems that instinct consists in know ing what one has never learned ?" "Come, come 1" I cried; "you ask me too much." He smiled contemptuously, threw the corner of his well-worn mantle over his shoulder, and left me without adding a word. I looked upon him as being a lunatic—but a lunatic of the most innocent description. Who would think it possible that a mania for meta physics could, by any chance, be dangerous? This gives a tolerable idea of Scharf'• mental and physical condition, when the old cake vender, Catherine Wogel, suddenly disappeared. Catherine, with a basket suspended from her stork-like neck, was wont to present herself, about 11 o'clock, at the brewery of "King Gambrinus." The students were in the habit of indulging their love of pleasantry with her, often reminding her of some of her youthful escipadeß, of which she made no secret, and at the recollection of which she herself laughed heartily. " Heaven bless us 1" she would say, " we were not always fifty years old ; we have had our merry hours in our time. Well, well 1 it's all past now. If those happy days could only come again 1" With this she would heave a sigh, which was the usual signal for a general laugh. Her disappearance was noticed on the third day. "What in the world can have become of Catherine ? Can she be ill ? It doesn't seem possible; she was in such excellent spirits the last day she was here." It was reported that the police were in search of her. As for me, I had no doubt that she had taken a trifle too much schnapps, and, as she was going her nightly rounds, bad fallen into the river. The next day, as I was on my way from Hasenkopf s lecture to the brewery, I met Wolf gang on the walk in front of the cathedral The moment he caught sight of me, he hastened to ward me with a triumphant air that made h«*m appear quite other than I had ever wen him. " I was looking for you, Kasper," said he ; " I have been waiting for you for an hour. Come with me : I have triumphed at last!" Hi» look, his gesture, and the tones of his voice all betrayed great agitation ; and when he seized me by the arm, and dragged me toward Tanners' Place, I was seized, in spite of myself, with an indefinable feeling akin to fear, and yet I had not the courage to resist. The narrow street that we followed with hasty strides ran back of the cathedral, among a lot of houses as old as Heidelberg. The square roofs, the wooden. galleries lumbered up with all manner of household utensils, the exterior flights of stairs with their worm-eaten steps; the innumerable ragged figures, some half starved and all curious, who leaned out of the windows to gaze at us as though they had never seea our like before ; the long poles ex tending from one roof to another hung with dripping hides ; and then the dense smoke that escaped from the pipes that protruded from each story—all this reminded me of a resurrection of the Middle Ages. Aa the sky was clear, the sun shone here and thereon the dilapidated walls and the motley scene, thereby adding to my emotion by the strangeness o/ the contrast There are moments when we all lose our pre senoe of mind. It never occurred to me that I should ask Wolfgang whither he was leading me. After passing the quarter, in which nothing wm to be teen bat misery sad wretchedness, we reached an open place in front of the Old Bhambles. Suddenly Wolfgang, whose dry cold hand seemed to be riveted to my wrist, intro troduced me into an old ruin that stood between the afore-time hay-loft of the Landwehr, and the storehouse of the slaughter-yard. " Go on before me," said he. I coasted a rough wall, at the end of whioh there was a dilapidated winding staircase, whioh we ascended, though the accumulation of rubbish on the landings barely left ub room to pass. At every story my comrade would say, im patiently : " Higher! higher!" And yet I would pause, ostensibly to get breath and to examine the peculiar structure of the old ruin, but really to consider the advisability of beating a hasty retreat. Finally, wo arrived at the foot of a ladder, whioh extended up into a loft I cannot, to this day, understand Ixow I could be so imprudent aa to mount this ladder without pausing to make some enquiries, or to demand some explanation. It seems that madness is contagious. Arrived at the top of the ladder, I stepped out on the littered floor, and looked about me. I found myself in an immense garret. In the roof there were three small windows, and in the centre of the space there was a small table covered with books and papers. Over our heads there was a complication of small timbers reach ing to the ridgepole, whioh one instinotively felt ought to be, if it was not, the abiding-place of the bats of the neighborhood. It was impossible to look out, as the windows were some 10ft or 12ft. above the floor. At first I did not notice a low door, and a large air-hole above it, in the wall of the gable-end. Wolfgang, without saying a word, pushed a box toward me, which did service for him as a chair ; and then, taking from a dark corner a large stone pitcher in both hands, he drank deep of its contents, while I looked at him half be wildered. "We are under the very roof of the old slaughter-house," said he, finally breaking silence and looking at me with a strange smile, as he replaced the pitcher. "The city council has made an appropriation to build a new one beyond the city limits. I have been here now five years without paying any rent, and during all that time not a soul has clambered up here to disturb me in my studies." Then, seating himself on some pieces of wood piled up in one corner, he continued : " Bat to come to the question I would discuss with you. Are you sure, Rasper, that we have a soul V " Come now—come now!" I replied, in no very amiable mood, "if you have brought me all the way up here to talk metaphysics, let rae get out at once. When you met me I was jußt coming from Hasenkopf s lecture, and was on my way to the Oambrinus brewery, where I proposed to refresh my wanted energies with a substantial luncheon and some beer. I have had my usual dose of abstraction for the day, whioh is quite enough." " What a material existence some people do lead!" said he, with a disdainful shrug. "You seem to me to live only to eat and drink. Do you know that I have spent days without eating a mouthful from sheer love of science ?" "Every one to his taste. Tou can live on syllogisms and abstract speculations, while I must have sausages and March beer." He had become very pale, and his lips trembled with anger; but, controlling himself, he replied : " Weil, if you will not answer me, at least do me the favor to listen to my explanations. Every man feels the necessity of appreciation, and I want you to appreciate me. I want to Bee you amazed, confounded, by the sublime discovery I have just made. An hour's attention to what has cost me ten years' conscientious study is not too much, I think." 44 Very well, go on— V\\\ listen; but hurry up." Again there was a nervous contraction of the musoles of his face that made me more thought* fuL I began seriously to regret my imprudence in clambering up where I was in Buch company, and put on a graver mien, with the view of conciliating the maniac. My attentive air seemed to have the intended effect, for after a moment's silence he resumed: Tou say you are hungry; very well, here is my loaf of bread and my pitcher of water. Eat and drink, but listen." "My appetite can wait. Go on—l'm, all atten tion." He smiled scornfully, and continued : " That we have a soul has been admitted from the earliest historic times. From the plant to man—every being lives, is animated ; it, there fore, has a souL Is it necessary to spend five or six yean listening to Hasenkopf to reply to me, ' Yes, every organised being has .at least one soul V But the more perfect the organisation, the more complicated it is, and the more numerous the souls. It is herein that animated beings are especially different the one from the other. The plant has but one soul, the vegetable soul; its functions are simple; it obtains nutrition from the air by means of the leaves, from the earth by means of the roots. The animal has two souls : first, the vegetable soul, the functions of which are the same as those of the soul of the plant, providing nutrition by means of the lungs and the intestineo, which are veritable vegetables; second, the animal soul, the special function of which is to supply sensibility, and whose organ is the heart Finally, man, who till now has em bodied terrestrial creation, has three souls : the vegetable soul; the animal soul, the functions of which are performed as in the brute ; and the human soul, whioh supplies reason, intelligence. Its organ is the brain. The nearer an animal approaches man in the perfection of its cerebral organisation, the more it participates in this third souL The animals which approach nearest to man in this particular are probably the dog, the elephant, and the horse. Man alone possesses this soul in all its fulness." Here he paused, and fixed his eyes full upon me. After a moment he asked : " Well, what have you to say to that V " Humph ! it's a theory like any other ; all it lacks is proof." At this reply Wolfgang was seized with a sort of maniacal exaltation. He sprang to his feet, throwing his head back and hia hands up. " Aye, aye ! the proof was wanting. That is what for ten yean has tortured me ; what for tea yean baa been (be MOM A oi my vigils, my sufferings, and privations ! For it was on my* self, Kasper, on myself that I wanted to experi ment at first Abstinence pressed tbia sublime conviction more and more upon me, but without my being able lo prove its correctness. But, at latt, I have it. You yourself Bhall hear these three soulb proclaim themselves; you shall be convinced!" After this enthusiastic outburst, which nearly chilled my blood, he suddenly relapsed into his wonted mood, and, Beating himself at the table, continued: "The proof is there behind that wall," said he, calmly, pointing to the gable-end of tbn building ; " you shall see it directly, but first I mußt acquaint you more fully with the details of my theory. You know the opinion of tho ancients with regard to the nature of the souls. In man they recognised four : caro, the flesh, a compound of earth and water which death dis solved ; manu, the apparition that hovers about the tomb (the name comes from manere, to re main, to tarry); umbra, the shadow, more material than the mana, and disappearing after having once returned to its former haunts ; and, finally, spiritus, the Bpirit, the immaterial part of us, which ascends to the gods. This classification seemed to me correct It was, however, neces eary to decompose a human being, in order to establish the distinct existence of the three souls, independent of the flesh. Reason told me that every man, before attaining complete development, must of necessity pass through the existence of the plant or the brute; in other words, that Pythagoras's theory was the true one, though, he was unable to demonstrate it Well, the solution of the problem has been the study of my life. It was necessary to des troy in myself the three souls, successively, and then to reanimate them. I had recourse to the most rigorous abstemiousness. Unfortunately, the human soul, in order to leave the animal boul unfettered, was of aecessity the first to suocumb. Hunger rendered me incapable of observing my self in the animal Btate ; physical weakness rendered me incapable of judging fairly. After a great number of fruitless trials on my organisa tion, I became convinced that there was only one way of compassing my object—namely, to experi ment on another. But who would be williug to sacrifice himself to thin kind of research ?" Wolfgang paused. His whole face was aglow with an expression of maniacal enthusiasm. After a moment, he added: " It became neceßsary for me to have a subject at any price. I determined to experiment en animam vilem," " Qreat heaven !" I thought: " this man Is capable of anything." " Do you understand me ?" he asked. "Perfectly," said J, with a glance at the ladder; "it became necessary for you to have a victim." " To decompoae," he added, coldly. "And have you found one ?" "Yes. I promised that you should hear the three souls. It will, perhaps, be somewhat difficult now; but yesterday you could have heard them, one after the other, howl and moan, entreat and threaten," My extremities had become suddenly chilled, and, as for my face, it seemed to me that all the blood had left it. Wolfgang was impassible. He proceeded to light a lamp, that usually served only to dimly illumine his nocturnal speculations, and, going to the large air-hole in the wall to the left, said to me, as he thrust the lamp into the dark space beyond: " Come here. Look in hero, and listen." Despite a growing presentiment of evil, and ray desire to retreat rather than advance, my curiosity, and the conviction that the wiser course for me was to do his bidding, induced me to approach and look in the direction he pointed. There, by the pale rajß of his lamp, I could see nothing but a dark space, extending Borne 12ft. or 15ft. below the level on which we were standing, and which bad no issue, seemingly, except the one leading into the garret It appeared to me ono of those out-of-the-way places which thu butchers had used as a receptacle for such worn out fixtures and tackle as were no longer service able. .. «<L?° k "napPi" »M Wolfgang, in a low tone. Don't you see a bunch of old clothes huddled up in the corner yonder? That's old Catherine Wogel, the vendor of ginger-snap^, who " At^ this moment he was interrupted by a piercing cry, that sounded very like the cry r cat utters wh«n in distress. At the same time the seeming bunch of rags straightened up, assuming the dim outllno of a woman, who ran her hands convulsively over tha wall, apparently in search of some opening through which to effect her escape. I, more dead than alive, the cold sweat starting on my forehead, sprang back, and cried: " Oh, korrible ! horrible 1" "Eh—did you hear?" asked Wolfgang, with the triumphant smile of a demon. " Wasn't that the cry of a cat ? Ha, ha, ha ! What do you my to that ? The old woman, before she became human, was one of the cat species. Now the brute reappears. Oh, hunger, and especially thiret, does wonders I" The wailing of the poor old woman had ceased, and the madman, having placed his lamp on the table, added, by way of commentary : "It is now four days since she had any food. I induced her to come here by pretending that I had a demijohn of kirtchvxwer to sell her. When I got her down where you see her, I closed tho door on her. Her love of liquor works her de struction. She expiates her inordinate thirst in the interest of science. Ha, ha, ha! The first two or three days the human soul manifested itself with wondrous energy. She implored, supplicated, and protested her innocence, saying she had never done anything to me, and that, in any case, I had no right to be at once her judge and executioner. Then she would become furious and threatening, and overwhelm me with re proaches, calling me villain, wretch, monster, and heaven knows what all. The third day—that was yesterday, Wednesday—the human boul completely disappeared, and the cat showed her claws at full length. She was hungry ; her teeth became long; she began to mew and howl. Fortunately, we are pretty thoroughly isolated ; if we were not, the people of the neighborhood would have thought, la*t night, that there wa« a regular pitched battle among all the cats of thia tide of. th« |town, Her cries wen enough, to chill your blood. And now, do you know what will appear when the brute is exhausted ? The vegetable boul will have its turn. That will be the last to perish. It is known that the hair and the nails of the dead continue to grow. There forms in the interstices of the cranium a sort of human lichen, called utnta, which is regarded as a kind of moss, and is supposed to be produced by the animal juices of the brain. Finally, the vegetable soul also will retire. You Bee, my friend, that the proof of the three boulb is com plete." These were the ravings of a madman, and I should have so treated them. But the cry of old Catherine had penetrated to the very marrow of my bones, and I was no longer master of myself; I had completely lost my presence of mind. But, suddenly emerging from my bewilderment, my indignation knew no bounds. I sprang to my feet, seized the madman by the throat, and dragged him toward the opening in the floor. " Wretch !" I cried, •• by what right do you seize upon a fellow-creature to satisfy your maniacal curiosity ? I myself will deliver you into the hands of justice !" My attack was so sudden and unexpected, and what he had done seemed to him so aatural and justifiable, that at first he offered no resistance, and allowed himself to be dragged to the top of the ladder. But there, turning upon me with the ferocity of a wild beast, he in his turn grasped me by the neck, while his eyes shone with the ferocity of an enraged beast of prey. Despite my utmost endeavor to resist, he thrust me back against the wall with the greatest ease, holding me with one band, while with the other he slid the bolt of the door leading to the dark hole. Divining his intention, I exerted myself to the utmost to free myself, but my antagonist seemed to be endowed with superhuman strength. After a short but desperate struggle, I felt myself again lifted from the floor. The next moment, to my horror, I was thrown headlong into the dark hole, while over my head I heard these strange words : " Thus shall perish the flesh that revolts, and thus triumph the immortal soul!" I had barely reached the bottom of the place, bruised and breathless, when the heavy door, some 15ft. above me, closed, shutting out from my eyes the gray and uncertain light of the garret As I fell to the bottom of the den, my con sternation was such that I did not utter either complaint or remonstrance. " Kasper," said I to myself, as I leaned against tho wall, calm and resigned, " the question is now whether you shall be devoured by the old woman, or the old woman be devoured by you. Choose! The maniac has you in his power, and he will be slow to release you. The walls are of well-hud stone, and the floor of heavy oak planks. No one knows you in the neighborhood, or saw you enter here ; this is, consequently, the last place any one will think of looking for you. It is all over with you in this world ; you have seen the Bun for the lost time. Your only resource is this Catherina Wogel; or, rather, you are the only resource of each other." This Burvey of my situation flashed through my mind with the rapidity of lightning, and gave m* an affection of the nerves from which I did tot recover for full three years ; and when, at that moment, the pale cadaverous face of Wolf gang, with his little lamp appeared at the air hole, and I, with my hands clasped in a prayerful attitude, attempted to utter an entreaty, I dis covered that my efforts resulted only in produc ing a Beries of grimaces—not a sound came from my lips. He, as he witnessed my futile endeavor, smiled and muttered, just loud enough for me to hear him: " Ha, the wretchj! He entreats !" This was my coup de grSee. I fell with my face down, and, in my despair, I should have re mained long in this position but for fear of being attacked by the old woman. She, however, an yet had not stirred. Wolfgang had disappeared from, the air- hole; I could hear him in the garret, moving his table and coughing in that dry hacking way peculiar to dyspeptics. My hearing had suddenly become so acute that the least sound reached my ears, and made my flesh creep to the very cuds of my fingers. I could hear the old woman gape, and, as I turned to ward her, I imagined I could see her eyes glaring at me in the dark. At the same time I heard Wolfgang descend the ladder, »nd counted the steps one by one, until tho sound disappeared in the distance. Whore did the wretch go? I know not; but during the rest of the day and all the following night he did not return. It was not till about 8 o'clock in the evening of the following day, when the old woman and I were making the very walls tremble with our criew, that he reappeared on the scene. I had not dosed my eyes. I was no longer either afraid or indignant I was hungry, I was famished, and I knew that my hunger would in crease. Nevertheless, only faint sounds could be heard in the garret I ceased my cries, and looked up at the air-hole. Wolfgang lighted his lamp ; he was, doubtless, coming to see me, to speak to me. In this hope, I prepared a touching appeal; but the light of the lamp disappeared, and no one came. This was, perhaps, the most terrible moment I experienced. I said to myself that Wolfgang, knowing I was not very materially weakened, did not deign to even look at me ; that, in his eyes, I should not become interesting under two or three days, when I would be more dead than alivo. It seemed to me that I could feel my hair grow gray on my head. Finally, my terror and despair became such that I lost conßciout ness. Toward midnight I was awakened by a touch. I naturally shrank from it with disgunt. At the came time a cat-like cry, or rather mournful wail, chilled my blood, and seemed to make my hair stand on end. I expected to have a struggle with my poor old fellow-sufferer, but her strength waa gone ; it was now her fifth day. I recalled tho words of Wolfgang;: " When the brute is exhausted, the vegetable soul will have iv turn. That v the last to perish. The hair and naiU of tho dead continue to grow. And then the lichen in the interstices of the vraaiam"—ugh ! I imagined old Catherine re- duced to this condition: that I could Bee her moss-covered cranium ; that I was beside her, and that our souls put forth their humid vegeta tion iv silence. This fantasy took such a powerful hold of my imagination that I no longer felt the gnawings of hunger. In a sitting posture, I pressed my self into one corner, with my eyes wide open, ready to profit by the first ray of light that should present itself. It was not long before a faint glimmer made the outlines of my surroundings vaguely visible. I looked up. Wolfgang's pale face was at the air-hole. I had never Been it more expression less. He seemed to feel neither satisfaction nor remorse ; he simply observed me. If he had laughed, if he had seemed to enjoy his vengeance, I should have hail some hope of moving him ; but in the business-like look his features wore there was nothiug to encourage me. We remained for some tine thus, with our eyes fixed upon each other—l, a prey to that fear with which the victim looks upon his executioner; he, cold, calm, attentive, as one who contem plates the inert The insect transfixed with a needle, which the student observes with a microscope, if it thinks, if it comprehends, is rent by emotions which I that night learned to mea sure. I was doomed to die to satisfy the curiosity of a maniac. I saw that entreaty would be use* less, and remained silent After having looked at me attentively for some minutes, seeming content with his observations, the monster turned his attention to old Catherine. I looked mechanically in her direction also. What I saw. cannot be pictured by human tongue. The skin of her face looked as though it was glued to the bones, and her limbs were so emaciated that they seemed ready to pierce the rags that covered them. But for the feverish glare of her eyes, she would have had the ap pearance of being dead. To add to the repulsive ness of the picture, there were two snails that had crawled up nearly to the elbow of one of her bare arms. The sight was more thvi I could bear. I closed my eyes convulsively, saying to myself: " A day or two, and my condition will be like hers !" After again spending some hours in thinking, as best I could in the condition I was in, of my chances of escape, and again coming to the con clusion that I had none, I suddenly determined to die, and this resolution gave me a little calm. I rehearsed the arguments of Hasenkopf rela ttve to the immortality of the soul, and for the first time I found them incontrovertible. " Yes, our sojourn in this world," said I, " is only a period of probation. Injustice, cupidity, and evil passions dominate the heart of man. The feeble are crushed by the strong, the poor by the rich. Virtue in this world is a delusion, but in the next everything finds its true place and proper level. Ood Bees the wrong of which I am a victim, and will recompense me for the suffering I endure. He will pardon me my inordinate appetites and excessive lova of good living. Before admitting me among the elect, He wishes to purify and ohasten me by a rigorous fast 1 resign myself entirely into His hands," etc., etc. Nevertheless, to be strictly truthful, I must confess that, despite my profound contrition, my regrets for the brewery and my joyous comrades, for the careless existence which is cheered by good wino and merry song, made me heave many a long sigh. I could hear the crepitation of the frying, the gurgling of the bottles, the clinking of the glasses, and my stomach yearned and lamented in a manner that showed it was as yet far from being weaned from the world. It seemed in some sort to form an independent being in my organisation, and to protest with much earnestness against the Hasenkopf philo sophy. The worst of my sufferings was my thirst It was so hard to bear that I sucked the saltpetre off the wall to refresh myself. " The monster is there," said I; "he has his loaf of bread and his big pitcher of water!" Then I imagined him lifting the pitcher to his lips ; it seemed to me that I could see torrents of water passing slowly down his throat Ob, the wretch ! Rage and despair took entire pos session of me, and I strode about my dungeon, crying: " Water ! water ! water !" In the midst of this scene Wolfgang's sallow face appeared at the air-hole for the third time. It was about 8 o'clock. Seeing him, I stopped, and said : " Wolfgang, look here : starve me to death if you will, but give me some water. Let me drink from your pitcher, and then, do what you will, I will not reproach you." I paused for a reply, but not a syllable did he utter, whereupon I continued : " What you are doing, however, is too cruel. You will have to answer for it before your God. With the old woman here it is a different matter. But I—l am your equal; I, too, am a student, and find your system very beautiful. I am capable of comprehending and appreciating you. Give me a swallow of water—do ! Yours is the most sublime sonception that ever was seen. It is quite certain that there are three souls. I ask nothing better than to be able to proclaim it I shall be your most firm adherent But come— are you not going to let me have just one swallow of water 1" The wretch! without deigning a word in reply, he withdrew. My exasperation now knew no bounds. I threw myself against the wall with such violence that it is strange I did not break my bones. In the midst of my fury I suddenly noticed that old Catherine had sunk down, seemingly more exhausted than ever, and the idea came upon me to drink her blood. Extreme necessity prompts men to do things the bare thought of which at other times brings a shudder; it develops in us the ferocity of the beast, and every sentiment of humanity and justice disap pears before the instinct of self-preservation. Red flames flitted before my eyes. Fortu nately, as I bent down to the old woman, my htrength failed me, and I fell, with my face buried in her rage, unconscious. From this moment all recollection is effaced from my memory. What is certain, however, is that I remained for two days more in confine ment uDdor the eye of the maniac, whose en ttuuiaau on seeing his ideas triumph was such that he did not hesitate to invite several of our philosophers to hia garret, in order to witness their astonishment and enjoy their admiration. Six weeks afterwards, I awoke in a little chamber in Saint Agatha-Btreet, surrounded by • number of my friends, who congratulated me on having escaped with my life from the effects of this lesson in transcendental philosophy. When Louis Broiler brought me a mirror, and I saw myself, thinner than was Lazarus when he came out of the tomb, I could not keep back my tears. Poor Catherine Wogol bad given up the ghost. As for me, I narrowly escaped having a chronio gastritis for life; but, thanks to an excellent constitution, and above all to the care of my good friend Dr. Killian, I in a few months became as robust as ever. It is hardly necessary to add that state authority laid a heavy hand on Wolfgang; but, instead of being hanged, he was, after long pro ceedings, placed in an asylum for the insane. There he atill discourses on his theory of the three souls, and rails at the ingratitude of man kind, insisting that, if justice were done, monu ments would be erected to commemorate his magnificent discovery. 