The Osborne Memorial Church, Dapto. The ceremony of placing a memorial stone, or inscription tablet, in the Church being erected at Dapto by the Osborne family, in memory of their late father and mother, was carried out on Wed- nesday last, as intimated by us in last issue. There was an attendance of between 100 and 200 persons, several being from town. The proceed- ings were commenced at 11 o'clock by a short service in the old Church, Rev. J. Stack (the clergyman of the parish) conducting the same, and his Lordship Bishop Barker and Rev. Dean Ewing taking part. The lessons read and hymns sung were appropriate to the occasion, the Choir of the Church rendering good service by their singing. This introductory part of the proceed- ings being ended, the assemblage repaired to the new Church adjacent, or, rather, to within the partially raised walls of the same. All arrange- ments having been completed, several ladies and gentlemen ascended the platform at the east end of the building, and in the south wall, within two or three feet of the eastern end, and about eight or ten feet from the floor, the memorial stone was laid. The act of laying the stone was to have been performed by Miss Osborne, but she being unable to attend, the duty was well carried out in her stead by Mrs. MacCabe. Mr. Hunt, the architect of the Church, superintended the interesting work of placing the stone in position, and Mrs. MacCabe performed her share of the labour admirably. Just prior to the stone being laid, tile Rev. Mr. Stack, on behalf of the Dapto congregation, presented to the lady named (as the representative of Miss Osborne) a beautiful silver trowel, inscribed as follows : — ' In Memoriam. 'Presented to Miss Osborne (on the occasion of her laying the ' memorial stone' of the Osborne Memorial Church, at Dapto) by the congre- gation of St. Luke's. 'July. 21st, 1880.' The stone having been duly placed in position, Mrs. MacCabe said : — ' I lay the ' Memorial Stone' of this Church, to be dedicated to the honour and glory of God, and to the memory of my father and mother ; and I declare the same to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. ' It is perhaps needless to say that this Church is in connection with the United Church of Eng- land and Ireland, and that the form of worship, as well as the administration of the two Sacraments instituted by Christ our Lord, shall be in accord- ance with the rites and ceremonies of that Church as contained in the Book of Common Prayer.' His Lordship the Bishop then addressed the meeting, remarking that it gave him much pleasure to take part on the occasion, which at once was most, interesting and important. To him (the Bishop) the proceedings were particularly interest- ing, as the late Mr. Henry Osborne, to whose memory the Church was being built, was one of the very first friends he had in the colony on his arrival here, more than twenty-five years ago, and in that gentleman he always found a friend, until death removed him at a comparatively early age. The occasion was also important, as it was a step toward the glory of God, by the erection of a house wherein prayer and praise would be offered to Him. And it marked a stage of progress, both as regarded the colony and the Church of England. He well remembered the late Mr. Osborne speaking to him, many years ago, about getting a clergyman for Dapto, if a sufficient amount of State-aid could be spared for the purpose. The amount of stipend that Mr. Osborne gave him to understand would be likely to be obtainable from the people to sup- plement any pay available was very small indeed. Such was the position of the Church of England in that part of the district at the time referred to. Now, however, things in that respect had changed for the better. The Church of England had pro- gressed in the place until it was found that the old building in which they had held the service that day was too small, and otherwise ill-adapted for the requirements of the congregation. That Church had answered well in the past, but it had become somewhat antiquated, as well as generally unsuitable. Although we should cherish a love for antiquity, and especially in this colony, where we had few antiquated objects other than gum trees, that was no reason why old church buildings of insufficient size and accommodation should not be superseded by edifices of more beautiful appear ance and adequate proportions for the service of God. Such was to be the case on that occasion. The new Church probably would answer the pur- poses of the congregation for some years to come, and the old building could be used for Sunday School purposes. The latter Church had long been useful as a house of God and he hoped would still have a Sunday School conducted within its walls in such a way that it would prove a blessing to the community. The old building could be used for no better pur- poses than those of a well conducted Sunday School. It was most desirable that Sunday Schools should be carried on throughout the country to the greatest possible extent, and with all the Christian influence and intelligent energy that could be thrown into them. And it was more necessary than ever that such should be done in this colony, now that the law had decided in favor of Public Schools. In consequence of the change to which he alluded, it would be essential that Sunday Schools should be increased in the country, and that the character of the teaching given in them should be improved as far as possible. In regard to the new Church with which they had to do that day, it was a pleasing indication of a love of God, as well as a reverence for their departed parents, on the part of the Osborne family. The handsome and spacious Church then in course of erection would not only perpetuate the memory of the late Mr. Henry Osborne, but would show that his children manifested their love for him by raising a house for the honor and glory of God. It was said that a good name was better than an inheritance of riches. It was pleasing to find, however, that in some instances a good name and such an inheritance went together. Such was the case in the present instance. By the well directed energies of their father, the Osborne family had inherited both a good name and riches. And the raising of that line Church to the honor and glory of God was a testimony on the part of the family that they reverenced their departed parents, and recognised the source from whence came and to whom belonged all their riches. It was true that God could be worshipped in a barn as truly as in a stately edifice, and that prayer and praise from under the most humble roof would pierce tile sky, and reach the ear of Jehovah as readily as if uttered in a Cathedral ; but that was no reason why the house of God should not be in keeping with others around it. It was no credit to Chris- tians to have their own houses costly and well furnished, while their Churches were kept in a wretched condition as regarded comfort and appearance. He (the Bishop) was of those who did not believe in useless ornamentation of build- ings, but he maintained that in every instance the house of God should present as respectable an appearance in all respects as circumstances would permit. And knowing as well he did the opinion of the late Mr. Henry Osborne in regard to these matters, he was quite certain that the erection of the new Church in which they were assembled that day was a carrying out of the course which that gentleman himself would have followed had he lived. He was sure that gentleman, if now living, would have been the foremost in providing for the erection of such a Church at Dapto on its being required, and he was satisfied also that he (the late Mr. Osborne) would have preferred a house of God as his memorial rather than any other form of monument. The Church being erected was also in keeping with the deceased's ideas when an active sojourner in this life. It was to be a spacious, well designed building, of great strength and dura- bility, as was evidenced by the massive walls then in course of construction. And whilst it was to be chaste and ornamental in appearance, and well adapted for the worship of God in accordance with the pure and simple ceremonies of the Church of England, it would be wholly devoid of any of those unnecessary and meretricious additions which some people were inclined to make to Churches. The building would also be a testimony in the locality to the vitality of the Christian religion and the liberality of the family at whose exclusive cost it was being erected. As long as it would stand, it would be seen that there was a Church at Dapto for the worship of the living God. And that thought reminded him that in reality there was a Church at Marshall Mount before there was any at Dapto. The gentleman to whose memory that Church was being built had had service conducted ill his own house at Marshall Mount long before any place of worship had been provided at Dapto. In this prolific soil, trees in numerous instances sent forth many branches, but it did not follow that all those branches bore fruit. In regard to the late Mr. Osborne, however, the many branches constituting his family bore good fruit in that Church, which they had decided to raise to the honor and glory of God. He (the Bishop) hoped and prayed that the existence of that Church would be the means of much more good being done, and that God would be glorified, not only within the walls of the Church, but throughout the district, the colony, and the world. Rev. Dean Ewing congratulated the members of the Church of England at Dapto and their minister (Mr. Stack) on the very time Church being erected for them in so handsome a manner by the Osborne family. Not only would the Church be a temple for the worship of God, but it would always be a monument to Christianity, as against the infidelity which was so rife throughout the country. The Osborne family certainly deserved much credit for the honor they were doing to the memory of their father and mother, and the more so seeing that honor was being accorded in such a way as to give glory to God. The building would also continue to be an indication that the Church of England held a prominent place in the locality, and was loved by her people there. To that grand old Church, which had done so much good in the world, including even the first giving of the gospel to Britain, the building being erected would stand as a practical testimony at Dapto. And such a Church was required in the neighborhood, as the old one was becoming insufficient for the purposes intended. But though a new Church was needed there, such a building as that in course of con- struction could not have been erected by the people requiring it. The necessary amount of funds for the purpose would not bo forthcoming. By the laudable consideration and liberality of the Osborne family, however, the new Church was being pro- vided at the sole cost of the members of that family.. He need not say that such an act on the part of that family was highly commendable. They had inherited not only the wealth left them by their parents, but also the good qualities of those parents. The late Mr. Henry Osborne amassed wealth most rapidly, but in doing so he ever recognised the hand that gave to him, and the source from which his wealth flowed. He was a liberal giver to the cause of God. The late Mrs. Osborne, also, was a worthy partner of her hus- band, and materially assisted him in his every good work. The new Church, therefore, was well raised in honour alike of the late Mr. and Mrs. Osborne, whose house at Marshall Mount had always been a house of prayer. In concluding his remarks, he only hoped that the blessing of God would con- tinue to rest upon the Osborne family, and upon the Church and people of Dapto. Rev. J. Stack said he would not detain the assemblage any longer after the able addresses which had been delivered. He had reserved to himself the right of saying little or nothing on that occasion, and, if spared, would utter at the opening of the Church, in a few months, whatever he might have to say on the subject. The Doxology having been sung, the Bishop pronounced the Benediction, after which three cheers were heartily given for the Osborne family, and the proceedings then terminated. Deferring the giving of an account of the dimen- sions, &c.; , of the church until it shall have been finished, we will merely remark that the walls are now well on towards completion, and that to all appearance the building will be creditable to all concerned, including the architect (Mr. Hunt, of Sydney). During the ceremony, several flags waved gaily in the breeze around the rising walls of the building. The stone laid on the occasion consisted of a piece of white marble, in the form of a cross, of about eighteen inches in each direc- tion, and bore the following inscription: — 'This Stone was laid to the Glory of the Eternal Trinity. 21st July, 1880.' Mr. Stuart's Meetings. — Mr. Alexander Stuart, the member for the district, addressed a large meeting at the Temperance Hall last evening, returning thanks for his return at the late election. He will address a meeting at Dapto this evening, and one at Bulli to-morrow evening, fbr a similar purpose Further notice of these meetings will appear in next issue. Good Tkmflarisxt.— Mr. D. M. Crowley, a gentleman high in office in connection with Good TempLarism in the city, is now on a visit to this district in the interests of the Order named. He has already attended and addressed several meet ings of Templars here, and, wo understand', will address further meetings before leaving, including the delivery of a lecture at Bulli on Wednesday next. Orange Crop.— Mr. Michael Cawley, of Bel Iambi, who is becoming noted for the quantity and quality of tho orangesi yielded by his orchard, has shown us a couple of clusters of the present seison's fruit that wvrnld do credit to any pro ducer. The oranges are so numerous and close together in each cluster, and of such a beautiful golden appearance as to be almost as tempting in look m in flavor. 