Sydney Stock Report. [By Elkctric Telegraph.] September 2. Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver report as follows for the week ended to-day :-1550 head of cattle formed the week's supply. The market was hardly so firm a3 last week ; best beef Bold at 12s. Cd. per 1001b. 8000 sheep were yarded ; prices lower ; best wedders in wool, 12s.; best shorn wedders, 7s. 6d. The proclamation with which Emperor Wil- liam has deemed proper to signalise the anniver- sary of Sedan ia one of the gravest announce- ments made in Europe for some years, It can- not bo read otherwise than as an anticipation, solemnly espressed, of near impending war. It points most directly to trouble with France, and ¡t may moan with Russin, or it may mean a strengthening of the empire at the oxperse of Denmark or Holland. In fact it is the first uote of the tocsin of war to startle all Europe. Oun cablegram from London, dated August 81, stating that tho " Treasury have issued a minute prescribing the rules under which the Govern- ment aro prepared to grant a renewal of the existing charters of various colonial banks," re- quires a little explanation. There are only a few banks in the Australian colonies which are incorporated by royal charter, and since the date of many of those charters the whole system and practice of banking has undergone a change. What might be sound finance in banking circles forty years ago is not practicable or safe now, and in consequence of the collapsa of the City of Glasgow Bank, and other kindred institutions in the old country, the Government are evidently desirous of providing what they believe to be a better system of management for the protection of the shareholders and depositors alike. Until we learn what the conditions of the model charter ore, it would be premature for us to speculate upon them ; but there is little doubt that they will be such as the experience of the past has proved to be necessary and the financial advisers of the Gladstone Ministry conceive to be wise and prudent For the last two day3 we endured a consider- able amount of anxiety owing to the non appearance of our Punch at the usual time. We vainly conjectured what might have happened to our wise and witty contemporary. Our mental agony was grjwing to proportions scarcely endurable, and we had all but arrived at the painful conclusion that the boast of " courting no man's favor and fearing no man's frown " had ended ia the melancholy epitaph, " Smothered by a. syndicate." Whilst scarcely daring to con- template such a national calamity, lo I i'uncA appeared-Punch enlarged and improved-and our mourning was turned to rejoicing. The present number is in all respects a very good one. There ia an excellent paper on Brisbane, hy John Plummer ; a very amusing sketch of the Premier, by an old Brisbane pressman, now '« Sydney; a humorous and satirical paper, very tappily conceived, headed " Modern warfare ;" and many other good things. The principal car- toon is scarcely up to the mark, but the minor "lustrations are capital. Finally, Punch is swathed in advertisements up to the chin and sixteen deep. tílll h b thiä Usue a letter fr°°> tbo PMttüff m the case Cummins v. O'Quinn, from vt J WlU ba seen that» "Wie the amount of *«- Cummins'« claim has been satisfied, she "u loses a considerable sum on account of costs nor i? aCUOn reCently takea b? her- She docs w*.however, wish to accept any further sub motions beyond those acknowledged up to this ««e, whlch will include £1 from C. O'C, 2s. . rom A.B.C., 5s. from J. Kennedy, J. Connors maklr7!0!frl -*. forwar°od to us yesterday, ^mgatotaloffiuss^a. ^hhardt River, Cloncurry :_« There is some to be ft, .?CUlardt C°PPer minea (opposed opened aL,1 ÎQ the world> bein* Bhortly £ «a and worked by a Melbourne company. frietorsthT8C-0meSdireCtiromone o£ the Pro n there ^ no doubt, some truth ia it." The showers whioh fell ia Brisbane yesterday wero the subject of general congratulation, and . the only hope expressed was that the rain might last for some time and be felt throughout the colony. Howover, after about an hour's light rain the sky cleared somewhat, and though the weather continued more or less cloudy during the remainder of the day, there was no more rain up to a late hour last night. There was a .remarkable rise in the barometer during Wed- nesday night, and we may with reason hope that the showers of yesterday wero but the begiuning of welcome rains so much needed. The official reports received yesterday morning showed that as much as 0'30 inch of rain had fallen at Cape Moreton during tho night, und we uuderstandthat it also rained atCloveland, South port(heavy showers), and Beenleigh. It was cloudy yesterday morning at Ipswich, Nanango, Too- woomba, Dalby, Stanthorpe, St. George, Mitchell Downs, and Tambo, as well as at Inskip Poiut and Cooktown. The wind on the coast con- tinued south-easterly, and the sea smooth to moderate. In the central and northern parts of the colony the weather was generally fine. Our own correspondent at Dalby states that a thun- derstorm with rain was experienced there yester- day afternoon ; and the official reports received at 3 p.m. yesterday report showers at Warwick and stormy weather at Toowoomba ; thore is no fur- ther account of rain, but the cloudy area had apparently extended somewhat, aud Stanthorpe, Roma, and Teuingeriug all report "like storm." It was then cloudy at Capo Moreton, Ipswich, Jimbour, and Charleville, as well as at Banana and Gin Gin. A Syduey message received by the Electric Telegraph Department yesterday morn- ing stated that it was then flue throughout the colony, with the exception of the Grafton dis- trict, where it was calm, cloudy, and like rain. Tue annual general meeting of the members of the Bowen Hills Cricket Club is announced to be held in the Valley Hall this evening. The monthly meeting of the Queensland Rifle Association was held at the Brigade Office on Wednesday afternoon, Mijor Moore in the chair. There was a good attendance of members. Major Mooro was appointed chairman, and Captain Thynne treasurer of the association for this year The council decided to intimate to the Victorian Rifle Association that under the most favorablo circumstances not more than ten men could be sent from this colony. Senior- constable Hobday having drawn attention to the fact that at pre- sent no weapon uulesB those issued by or the property of the Government could be used in matches, tho council agreed that all weapons similar to those issued by the Queensland Govern- ment be permitted to be used in all matches, of course subject to the inspection and ap- proval of the council. Major Snelling placed the following notices of motion on the table : " That at all subsequent prize meetings of this association, no competitor Bhall bo allowed to fire in the Volunteer matches except he produce a certificate for having gone through the annual course of musketry instruction and the UBual certificate of eificieucy ; recruits and Cadets ex cepted." And,-"That in the future pro- grammes of the prize meetings of the association a reoruits' match be included." A correspondent signing himself "West Endian" has written ua a letter respecting the attempted cloäuro of a well or spring of Wnter at West End, South Brisbane. The complaint of the writer is a Berious one, and wo have therefore made careful enquiry into it, the result of which sufficiently proves that a most improper attempt was made to close a spring of water near tho Boundary Hotel on Saturday morning last. It is no trifling matter for a large number of people to bo deprived of pure drinking water in tho present season, and wo do not wonder at the conduct of those who interfered to prevent it. The person who has tried to do this is the owner of au allotment on which ho has erected a pump in order to draw the water from a perennial Bpriug existing in tho water- course bordering on Boundary-street. That spring, however, is not the only one, and so he attempted to socure a monopoly of tho water supply for the purposes o£ gain, by destroying the spring which has supplied many fain ¡lies in the neighborhood during the present severo drought. When water is 2s. 6d. a load it be- comes a very serious expenso to many house- holders, and we were not surprised to find a number of childrou, with "billy" and bucket, patiently waiting their turn at the spring we havo mentioned. When we further slate that each bucket can only bo filled by means of a pannikin, as the water slowly riseB through the gravelly soil, it will be readily understood that a great amount of patience is necessary ere a small supply is obtained. The spring is on unoccu- pied land, and in fact on the public road sido, so that no private person has any right to interiore with those who draw water from the well, and any further attempt made to tamper with or defile the water will, we hope, be met by legal proceedings. Our Bowen correspondent writes, under date 30th ultimo:-"Mr. James Hall Scott died on Friday night of congestion of the brain. About twelve months ago he suffered a good deal from pain in his left ear, Dr. Browne performed some operation on him, and he recovered ; some time ago his right ear became affected, but he did not send for Dr. Browne until Friday. By the time the doctor got to his place he was delirious, and never recovered consciousness afterwards. An enquiry and post-mortem examination wero held, when the cauBe of death was ascertained. Mr. Scott waa about thirty years in the colonies, was well known on the Darling Downs about twenty years ago, and was one of the pioneer settlers in this district, having taken up country on the Burdekin and Bogie as far back as 1862. Of late years he was living on his selections, and at the time of his death he was one of the largest freeholders in the district. It is but lately that he took up a selection of some 4000 acres. ' At the last general election Mr. Scott stood for Bowen on the ' local ticket,' but was defeated by Mr. Beor. He was the chairmau of the Wangaratta Divisional Board, and one of the oldest magis- trates in the district. The deceased gentleman was a Native of Ross-shire, Scotland, and leaves a wife and five children, at present residing in his native land." At the City Police Court yesterday, before the police-magistrata, Commander W. F. A. H. Russell, and Messrs. T. Illidge and C. Spry, JJ.P., John O'Shaugbnessy, for drunkenness, was fined £1, with the alternative of twenty four hours in the cellB. Sarah Denton was brought up on remand, charged with having on August 9 feloniously set fire to her house on Bishop's Hill, Petrie- terrace, with intent to defraud the New Zealand .Insurance Company. Inspector Lewis conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Swanwick, instructed by Mr. Norris, appeared on behalf of the prisoner. The addi- tional evidence of three witnesses was taken, and, beyond the facts already elicited, showed that in the month of May last the accused went to John H. Henz 11, who was agent for the New Zealand Insurance Company, and asked to get her house insured. Henzell wrote out a pro- posal for her, but afterwards discovered that her house was already insured ; the prisoner wanted a policy for £120. Charles J. Trundle stated that the prisoner had a policy for £90 in the New Zealand Insurance office. Several witnesses were then recalled and cross-examined by Mr. Swanwick. The usual formalities were then gone through, and the accused was committed for trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court, commencing on JioncUy, November 22, Mr, Justice Higiubotham and a jury of six (saya our Victorian correspondent) wero occupied for two days in hearing an action arising out of the adventures of a reckless young Victorian iu search of a homo in Queensland, who has since found a temporary one in the Mel- bourne Gaol. Tho plaintiffs wero Messrs. Peter O'Mnlley and John Craicie, hotelkeepcrs, of the Barcoo River, and the defendant was J. A. Craig, son of the late Mr. Craig, formel ly of Craig's hotel, Ballarat, -i Bhrewd speculator in his time, who died a wealthy and respected citizeu of the mining metropolis of Australia. lu 187i young Craig stayed for several months with Messrs. O'Mnlley and Craigie, representing him- self as a wealthy Victorian on the lookout for n station, in which ho intended to invest £19,000, to which ho was entitled under his father's will. He entertained freely, and borrowed freely of his hosts, running up a bill of £563 7s. 4d, for which amount he passed cheques and orders on the trus- tees under tho will, which wero not honored. The evidence was direct enough as to the cash advances made and the hotel expenditure, and tolerably clear as to the defend mt not being exactly the kind of man whom a cautious person would trust to the amount stated, which, with iuterest, was set down at £303. For the defence, it was urged that iu September, 1874, Messrs. O'Miilloy and Craigie had agreed to take £100 in satisfaction of all demands, and had taken an order for that Bum on the trustees of the elder Craig's estate. This order was not, however, paid. It was ad- mitted by defendant that this £100 was duo, aud an interlocutory judgment had been allowed for it. In the end the jury adopted the view that this order was given and taken as settle- ment at the time, and they returned n vordict for £100, with 10 per cent iutoreat siuco Sep- tember, 1874, or £163 3s. in all. It is proverbial that Lovo laughs at locks and bais, and although he might not be so irreverent as to treat dogmas and creeds in the same way it is hardly fair to expect the latter to take the place of tho restraints that so provoke the rosy boy's derisive merriment. Tho Jewish Herald has uttered a plaintive wail in Sydney over a dangerous distemper that has overtaken certain of the daughters of Israel. Matrimony iu its mostviru lent shape has attacked some of them, matrimony with the Gentile. The Jewish Herald announces with an anguish that it does not care to conceal that two Jewish young ladies are engaged to be married to two Christian goutlemeu, and further states that " this will mako the third mésallianoe during the past month." The paper from which wo quote traces the iniquity to prawns, oysters, and picnics. The perverso maidens aro permitted to eat of the two former and to go to tho latter, and in other ways enjoy the hospitality of their Christian friends. " What can possibly result from this but marriage ?" exclaims the Herald with inelivucholy emphasis. For our part wo Bhall think better of the modest prawn for all time to come, aud the oyster, who even now enjoys our highest estepm, shall in future be digested by us with au even greater loving-kindness than hitherto. Both havo in their humblo spheres assisted to accomplish a noble end by vanquishing animosities of creed in tho sweet victory of human love, and let them find their reward by being enBhrined in tho gi atoful stomachs of the Gentiles. Depend upon it that Jcioish Herald is edited by a bachelor of Israel, who is moan enough to desire to keep tho whole body of his fair co- religiouiBts as n domain over which ho is entitled to certain rights of pre- emption. But we cannot tamely acquiesce in this. Wo cau't allow a number of the fairest aud most channing of our damsels to be ticketed by ecclesiastical authority as "reserved," and, were it not for certain encumbrances of our own which rather limit our enterprise in this direction, wo should bo prepared to lead a select baud of bachelors on a foray into the domain that the Herald would hedge round with prejudices of creed and dis- tinctions of race, nnd pet our followers an example worthy of emulation by selecting the sweetest maiden to be found in the forbidden land. Sinco wo were twelve years old we bnvo regretted that wo were not contemporary with Ivanhoe, partly that we might have -been privi leged to kick that obtuse knight for his insensi- bility to the charms of Rebecca and his pre- ference for the insipid Rowena, but chiefly that wo might have cured the charming daughter of old Isaac of Yoik of her love sickness by offering hor a better fellow for a husband than tho btupid dolt who was content with Rowena. Modesty forbids us to indicate moro particularly who that better fellow is, but ho is quito ready at any time to break a lance with editor or any one else who tells bim that tho daughters of Israel aie forbidden to him. Aro wo, toe, not of the Tribes of Israel, the lost ten ? -and the fact of our having been mislaid for a ¡aw centuries should not bo urged to our dis ndvantoge in this matter,-"Specialities,1' in the Qucciisiaiirfcr. Ovkii 1800 years havo passed away since Vesuvius was belching forth destruction and ruin upon the cities lying at its base. These resorts of industry, culturo, art, as well as the nameless criine3 that pollute and disfigure centres of high civilisation, were in a Bingle night buried out of the sight of the world for eon turies. Of late years tho old walls that havo so long known nothing of the day have once more beon permitted to cast their shadows in the sun The Banic pictures, almost unchanged, nro on them that wero criticised and admired by men of fashion that have been duBt for eighteen centuries. The old shops, their hapless tenant', the tools of their trade, their wares and house- hold chattels, are once more bared to the busy life that has hummed on by the shores of the blue bay, while this vanished day, suddenly arrested in its full tide, has been sleeping in a forgotten sepulchre. This reflection is suggested by a notice we have just Been of the completion of a work of much interest, The Vesuvius Rail- way is now open. What a change, then, does the ghost of this long-buried day look upon. In the hour of its eclipse this ter- rible mountain was ¡¡baking the solid world with its thunders, ßhutting out the firma- ment with its breath, making the waters of the Bay of Naples glow like molten gold, while the hearts of brave men withered with terror at its fury. Now the monster has been tamed and domesticated. Happy excursionists travel up his rugged Bides in trim cars, and are interested in the little irruptions on his top that hint of the old complaint within, which still keeps up the same irritible turmoil. The Paris correspondent of the S. M. Herald gives the following particu- lars of this novel railway :-" So many people are flocking to take advantage of this wonderful engineering feat, that the line has no repoBe, tho train going up and down incessantly, 'from morn to dewy eve.' The machinery works beautifully ; the carriages aro so constructed that, rising or descending, the passenger sits on a level plane, and the motion is so gentle that all idea of danger disappears in the course of a few minutes. The line ruus to within a very short distance of the mouth of the crater ; and the time occupied in the journey, from the foot of the mountain to the terminus, is about eight minutes, a worderful shortening of the long, and terribly fatiguing climb by which adventurous sightseers bave hitherto reached the top of the volcano. At the base of the cone runs almost perpendicularly (at an incline of 70°), the funicular railway, with its upper terminus so close to the rim of the crater that after a minute's clambering, one looks right down into the fiery mas3 below. The danger of the visit to this formidable inlet of the central fire is reduced to a minimum. The train itself consists of a single carriage, carrying ten persons only ; and, as the ascending carriage starts, another, counterbalanc- ing it, comes down from the summit, the wright of each being only five tons. The views, as you go up, and the splendid outlook from the top of tho mountain, well repay the ascension ; while the sight of the raging and boiling furnace is something never to be forgotten. Every pre- caution has been taken to avoid the Bhowers of cinders and lava that are bo frequently thrown forth from the infernal cauldron ; aud_, although prudence is still needful in Buch a visit, the as- cension is one which may be made without fear, and that few visitors to Naples will como away without having made. A little settlement has already sprung up at the terminus, where refresh- ments can be had, and whence telegrams can be sent down to the world below." 