OUR REPRESENTATIVES. I [FOLLOWING a custom initiated a few years back, we intend to continue giv- ing the speeches of the gentlemen representing in the Legislative Assem- bly the districts in which the Mercury circulates. As these speeches will be taken from Hansard, our readers may rely upon having a correct version, without any political bias extending or condensing the remarks made in the House.] ELECTION OF SPEAKER. Mr. Vale-When a wrong has been perpetrated, and, for certain reasons, it is desired that that wrong should have a triumph, there are always certain gentlemen found to say-" Go along peaceably; don't make a disturbance; you can put the thing right after wards." But the honorable member for Portland knows very well that if this matter goes another: stage it can not be set right afterwards. The wrong will have been perpetrated.' I desire to state very plainly two points which occur to me in connectioni with" this matter. In the first place, it is apparent that the honorable gentlemen who are now on the Treasury bench had not foresight enough in March last to see thatit would be much better for them to evade, for a short time, the responsi bilities of office-or, in other words, to deprive themselves of the profits of office-and allow things to take their proper course, rather than, by hastily "jumping" the position of Ministers, to bring about the difficulties which now surround them. Recall the course. (i1hich warfollowed;ed874.: Thppre. -sant Attorney-Gpnersnl, who v. s then a meinlibf&;the Francis Gtyqrnment, was -i~trii&d; 'at the;general election- as Solidiior Ge eral,; but on accepting the Attrney-Gneralship,; on tlie "proimo: Lion o'f Sr. ph/, Seh k. ,9:,?. uprmxn. Court bench, he went again to his con ?tiueb-tf ."There-was also a-vacancy cauised at the-s'aQi'etJiie at St. Kilda byý the promotion of, Mr ,Stephen, and for that seat Mr..-Dixon was. returned. Parlia?ent met. on:the 9th May. 'The writ- ceriifying the result of those tw6 eletlii,. had bbeen in-the hands of the Governordome days previously; -thbeir return in-fact was distinctly announced in the Government Gazette of the 15th of May. 'And remember, the:.write; under which' th&e; tiwogentleinen were returned were is'sued' under'the'seal of the late Governor, Sir George Bowen, and were identical in form-and charac ter with the" writs under-whlich 'the present Ministers, ifter their acceptance ofoffice, aere elected. Well, on the 18th of May, the tovernor issued a. commission 'to Sir Redmond"Barry to; swear in the members of the Legisla tive Assemblhy, a?nd that writ was counterseiged,, as Chief Secertary,'by the honorable member,for Warrnam bool, who occupies a, nondescript posi tion in '"the present Cabinet-that of a sort of high-priest or chief religious adviser--at all events some position of no responsibility and n' ah immense amount of-influence.' Under that com mission, the members of the Legisla tive Assembly were sworn in on the 19th of May, but, though the honorable member for the Ovene '(Mr. Kerferd). was back in Melbourne and at the Attorney-General's office, he was not sworn in under that commission. It is evident, therefore, that the honorable member for Warrnambool did not then approve of the course which is now being taken by his colleagues. On the contrary, on the 19th of May, another commission was issued by the Gover nor, and on the 20th of May the Attorney-General and Mr. Dixon were sworn in under that commission by.the Speaker, to whom it was addressed. We thus see, from the contrary practice which is now being adopted, that "law and order" means the triumph, at any '~ost, of the principles of the party who profess that doctrine, and the .reward, at any sacrifice, of those who serve them ; and that for the sake of carrying out their object they -care neither for. the practice of Parliament nor the statute-book of the colony. PUBLIC INSTRUCTION. In answer to Mr. M'Kean, Mr. Ram say observed that the form of the ques tion was 'somewhat objectionable' be cause it assumed that there had been delay, which was not the fact. :A' por table school building was forwarded to Eaglehawk on the 22nd .April, and would be erected in the course of the next fortnight. With regard to Upper Moondara and Lower Moondara, some difficulty had arisen among the resi dents, not in connection with the school buildings, but as to the selection of site. However, a site would be gazetted the followingweek, and the buildings would be proceeded with immediately afterwards. SESSIONAL ARRANGEMENTS.. Mr. Tucker expressed the hope that the Government would accept the amendment, because every old honor able member knew that, under the ar rangement adopted during the last Parliament, the brief interval devoted to private members' business wasusually so absorbed by 'honorable 'members, principally of'the legal profession, talk ing against time, that there was really hardly any opportunity for the transac tion of any private members' business whatever. Mr. Langridge considered that the best plan would be for every alternate Wednesday to be given up to private members' business. Friday .sittings would not suit country members. Mr. Vale remarked that he would vote for the Government proposition. As for Friday sittings, he was satisfied that if they were adopted country mem bers would absent themselves from them, and that a "no House" would frequently result. Perhaps an arrange ment to the effect that private members' business on Wednesdays should' com mence at two o'clock in the afternoon might be found convenient. WOOD'S COSTINUOUS BRAKE. Mr. Vale observed that, if the report was to be of any value, it should not only furnish official information as to the success or otherwise of the brake, but also separate information as to the expenditure in connection with'it, dis tinguishing the expenditure on experi ments and the actual expenditure in its application to the service of.the de partment. . Mr. Mirams said there should be two returns furnished-one showing. the ex pense incurred in experiments to peirfect the brake, and the other. the cost of keeping it in working order while it had been in use. ADDRESS IN aEPLY. Mr. Mirams-~Mr. Speaker, honor able members who have already addressed the House have not confined themselves to the subjects contained: in the Governor's speech or in the motiidn before the chair, and I shall follow their example by: departing -from, the ordinary rules of debate in this insijlace. One of the matters which has been very much urged upon the House and also upon the country since the advent to office of the present occupants of' the Treasury benclh is the"question . of parliamentary-condnct. The honorable member for Normanby, who proposed the 'address in reply to the Governor's speech, waxed eloquent upon theconduct of the last Parliament, and expressed the hope that the present Parliament would not be so .,badly behaved as its predecessor, huild also that, the opposi tion given to the Ministry would not be of a factions. character. I can understand all this. very well ; I can understand why honorable gentle men opposite, and that portion of the press which supports'them, should deprecate anything like what they are pleased to call' political rowdyism or political larrikinism, because they know very well that they are themselves reaping the fruits of politicalrowdyism. The present Ministry owe their seats on the Treasury bench to that very political rowdyiem which. they now pretend to deprecate. Had it not been for their tactics, when they sat on this (t'e opposition) side of the House, in resorting to the practices they now find 'fault with, they.'wold_.not now have .been sitting where' theyare. It is only necessary to look at the facts of the ;case to see that I'am within the bounds 'of truth when I make this statement. If honorable members opposite were sincere in their allusions to this matter and if that portion of the press which supports them was also in earnest in its strictures on the conduct that was displayed in 'the :last Parliament, we wouldgot thiv found 'the present Go vernmeint offering a premium to parlia. mentary rowdyism. I will ask which speak loudest, actions or words? What is the use of honorable members oppo site lectpring this House about parlia mentary; conduct, and trusting we shall .behave ourselves, when the Govern ment whom they spport 'have offered a 'direct premium to parliamentary r~owdyism by promoting the arch-offen der in that respect to a seat in the Ministry? What'M's.-the use of honor able members opposite talking about our conduct in this House, and trusting we shall behave ourselves 'as gentlemen and conduct oursel'ves quietly and pro perly, when thei: Goveizinentrhiv?e not only promoted' the arch-offender to a seat on the Treasury bench, but, if cur renb rumour js, itrqe, they ,offered anoti?rlgeti?leuman, eqially notorious in that direcjiqn, an4 who 'worked hand. in-hand with thiem in the' last Parlia ment, a position' of '£1,000 a year if he would only- i~iplquiet ddring this Par liament? .' We find that they have likewise rewarded another' honorable member who made himself conspicuous for rowdyism during the' last Parlia. ment. 'They 'have not rewarded him directly, but they' have done so in directly, by giving his son the position of secretary to an unnecessary commis sion.,- What can. the country think, and, i~ t'can'this House.think, of the genuineness of the expression of opinion by honorable, members opposite about politipe larrikinism, when' we find that they are. not only themselves reap ing the .reward of political larri. kinism,: but have rewarded three gentlemen who in the last session of Parliament were most noticeable for behaviour of the disreputable character' whiich;has been complained of? "The talk' about political larrikinism ought to have come from honorable members on this 'side of the "House, and not from those on the other side, because it was always" amongst honiOrable- members opposite • that such conduct most developed itself, and appeared most conspicuous. The present Government, hiaving made use of political larrikinism in this House and the country, are reaping the reward, and now they say -"Let us.have no more of such con -duct." As far as I am concerned, I can promise theim that I do not intend to favor:them with any of what they call political-llarrikinism,' and-' I am-quite sure they have nothing of that sort to fear:'from other members on this side of the House. If there is any political larrikinism in this Parliament, it will come from the ranks of honorable membeis opposite, as it did in the last Parliament. We have heard about conferences and meetings between the occupants of the Treasury bench and the honorable member for Belfast; and, without knowing exactly what those conferences were about, or the pledges made thereat, I think outsiders may be quite sure the Government knew there was one matter to which the honorable member for Belfast was pledged-one subject he was bound to secure, if possi ble-namely, an alteration of the Edu. cation Act I in- the direction which he desires in the interests of the party that he'represents in this House and in the country. Sir, the communications be tween the leaders of the Government and the honorable member for Belfast, if they had any significance at all, could only have had significance so far as they related to that one question. The honorable, member for Belfast and his party were led directly to believe they might expect from honorable members opposite some concessions in the direc tion the honorable member desired. We now fiid' that the present Ministry, having "obtained their object, have turned round and thrown the honor able member over; they are not prepared to make concessions to him any., more than were the Ministry whom they have' onsted from office. The- Government may be accurately described in the 'words of Disraeli "They are gentlemen who, by using one party and bamboozling the other, have come to a position of place, power, and pay, and then turn round and say 'Let us have no party questions, gen tlenien, bht fixityoftenure.'" Having secured their" seats on the Treasury bench by making use of the obstruc tives in the late Parliament, and bam boozling the honorable member for Belfast and his followers in the conntry, thepresent Ministry now turn round and say--"Let us have no party questions, but fixity' of tenure" I think honorable members opposite admit the whole case against them when the best'reply they can make to the charge of delaying the calling of Parliament together is by asking this ques tion-"What harm has been done?" Tht.of. itself is an admisssion that they cannot meet the charge on its merits and rebut it. As to the plea behind which they attempt to shelter themselves, I may remark that we saw something 'of the harm done by the delay in convening Parliament from what ocuenrred on the first day Parlia ment did meet. The position in which Ministers then found themselves is some evidence of the harm that was done by the delay. There is one further matter to which I will draw attention. If honorable members opposite are sincere in what they have been preaching throughout the country during the last two or three years, they must admit that the delay in calling Parliament together has done a great deal of practical harm. They informed us, on the hustings, they could settle the reform question in a month if only the opportunity was afforded them, and yet the moment they got the opportunity of settling it, and bringing the country back to peace and prosperity, what did they do? They delayed the meeting of the Parliament for nearly three months. Another practical difficulty caused by the action of the Government has been pointed out by - the honorable member for Mandnrang (Mr. Fisher). It has enabled them, without the sanction of Pal1'i. t'io repeal regulations made by an ex-Minister of the Crown and approved of by the late Parliament. Mr.' Gillies--That is not the fact. Mr. Mirams-The regulations were approved of by the last Parliament. Mr. Gillies--No. Mr. Mirams-I think the facts are against the honorable gentleman. The refusal of the House to disapprove of the regulations amounted, I submit, tp. approval of them. Mr.- Gillies--No. Mr. Mirams-I willmake the honor able gentlemen a present of the differ ence. The regulations were not dis approved of in the last Parliament, and if that is not virtually air approval of the regulations, I don't 'knoo'what it'is. The Premier did not answer' that point at all. His whole statement was that, whereas previously the selectors were not under law but under Longmore, they were,now not under law but under Duffy. These regulations were framed by the late Minister' of Lands while Parliament was sitting, and had its approval, whereas they were upset while there was no Parliament by a Government who did not know whether they had a majority in the Assembly or. not-by a Government who have since:. proved that they have not a !working majority - and who have :not yet obtained the sanction of Parlia. ment to the abrogation of those regula tions. That is the position of affairs, and, therefore, I contend the delay in summoning Parliament has been the cause of very practical evils. Why could they not have followed the precedent set by Mr. Gladstone in 1874, when he resigned and Mr. Dis raeli- took office ? If this House had been called together, and had chosen to adjourn for a month, there would be nothing to say, because the adjourn ment would have been the act of the House. The practice in such cases as that which arose in this colony has been settled by Sir E. W. Head, one of the Governors of Canada, whose action has -ieen' cited' by Todd in his new work, Parliamentary Government in the British Colonies. In that case the Ministry had been out-voted in Parlia ment, and resigned, and a new Ministry came in while the Parliament was still ii' session. The Governor, on being asked by the new Government to pro rogue Parliament, refused to do so, stating that "Until the new Ministers meet Parlia ment, His Excellency has no assurance that they possess the confidence of the majority of the House." But His Excellency drew a clear dis tinction between an adjournment and a prorogation. He said- "If Parliament merely adjourns until after the re- election of the members of the Government the case is different, and the .responsibility is on the House itself. A prorogation is the act of His Excellency, and, in this particular case, such an act would be performed without the advice of Ministers who had already received the confidence of Parliament." The Governor of this colony, in the case now under our notice, prorogued this Parliament "without the advice of Ministers who had already received the confidence of Parliament." In doing so, he acted unconstitutionally, and the Government who advised him to take that action gave him unconstitutional advice. As to the speech which His Excellency 'delivered to us, I think it must be as disappointing to the suppor ters of the Government as it is to their opponents, because I find that a jour nal which supports the Ministry, and to which, in a great degree, they owe their present position on the Treasury bench-the'Australasian-had already cut out their work for them. There were the six objects which the Ministry were to accomplish. What is there in the speech of His Excellency which gives any warrant that they are going to undertake the work which the Australasian and their supporters in the country expect them to perform ? In the first place, what are they doing to "re-establish equilibrium of the finances"? But do the Government, in the speech delivered by His Excellency, make any promise in that direction? And I ask what are they doing to bring about this "equilibrium of our finances," which their organ set down as one of their tasks? The second object of their mission was "to re-adjust taxation." Well, the hen. member for Fitzroy, (Mr. Tucker) hasjust asked the Govern ment whether they meant to revise the Tariff this session, and his answer in effect was-"Open your mouth and shut your eyes, and see what your grand mother will send you." Is the Austra lasian and the gentlemen who support the Government looking forward to the time when the land tax, which they so much abhor, is to be taken off, and a property tax imposed in its stead? Are they anticipating the time when the protectionist Tariff is to be done away with, the manufacturers "extinguished," and freetrade returned to? Was that the millennium which the Australasian had in view when it cut out this pro gramme for the Government? Is this the work to which the Government are going to devote themselves, although they do not say .anything about it in His Excellency's speech ? Then we are told that the Government are "to restore credit." Well, it is just possible tbat some of the gentlemen who have taken office nmay have restored their credit by doing so; but, if the phrase means the national credit, I am not aware that it requires any restoring. I am' 'uite aware, however, that this journal, like the Argus, of which it is the satellite, has for years past been doing' its best to destroy the credit of the colony, in the hope of destroying the Liberal party, and especially Mr. Berry, along with it. In any case, His Excelleney's speech contains no indica tion oftany step which the Government prop?6se to take to restore the credit of the colony, supposing that it had been lost. Then they are to "revive con. fidence." In whom, or what? We are not told, but it is true the honor able ' member for Normanby, in his address, informed us of one direc tion in which confidence has been revived. He told us that since the accession of the present Ministry the civil servants had had their confidence restored, that they could now call their souls their own, and felt like men again. Now, I confess, I believe myself that the civil service never felt less con fidence thanat thepreseat Pme,?.bcanse the gentlemend who. ?omjlose it are quite 'cute enough' to: know that the present Ministry are not likely to occupy their- positions very. long, and to suppose that the example. which those gentlemen have set us.(tbe Oppo sition) will be bettered .when.we get back to that .side 'of the sH6i I again. I say the present Government had the opportunity, if they had chosen to use it, of acting a magnanimous part, even if they believed all they had said about Black Wednesday when they were on this side of the House. Instead, how ever,, of taking that course, they have done the very same thing they con demned the late Government for doing, and have done it in a worse way. Mr. Bosisto-What. about their ap pointment of Mr. Trench as County Court judge ? Mr. Mirams=-I do not exactly see the p tif-n of the hoiiorable -member's question, I say the present'Government have done their utmost to perpetuate in this colony, the. system which. they so much deprecated when in opposition, and instead of restoring confidence in the civil service, they have acted in a way to destrby'it.' Mr. Levien-Give-us an instance. Mr. Mirams-The case of Mr. Far rell, the Parliamentary Librarian, who was dispilaced from his position for no other purpose, I believe, than a political purpose, and because the Ministry had the idea that he resigned his position in the Assembly in order to make way for the election of Mr. Pearson, and that it was arranged he should do so. Dr. Madden-Do you doubt it 1 M. Mirams-I do doubt it, and I think every honorable member must doubt it after the statement of the honorable member for Castlemaine (Mr. Pearson) last week. The next portion of the Ministerial programme, according to the Australasian was to "remove obstacles from the path of industry." We have already had samples of the administrative acts of the Government in dealing with the industrial classes during the short time they have been in office. The first was in relation to the Longmore regulations, which have been removed so as to facilitate the operations of the capitalists in getting the selectors off the land, and increasing the large estates. Mr. Duffy-You know that is not true. Mr. Mirams-The Minister of Lands has not denied the report which ap peared in the Age of the case of a certain selector which was brought before him by the honorable member for Kara Kara. Mr. Duffy-The honorable member for Kara Kara was in favour of the repeal of those regulations. Mr. Mirams- I am not talking of how the honorable member voted, but stating facts; and it is a fact that the abrogation of the Longmore regulations is having the effect, and will have the effect, of facilitating the getting of the selectors off the land, and putting the selections in the hands of the large land owners. Mr. Daffy-Quite the contrary. Mr. Mirams-That is one sample of the way in which the present Ministry are "removing obstacles in the path of industry," Another is the way they dealt with the manufacturers on the banks of the Yarra, in annulling the sales made by the late Government on the very last day on which they could be annulled. I suppose that was done in the interests of industry, in order that these men might be facilitated in their operations, and enabled to carry on their transactions with more satisfac tion and profit themselves. I hope the industrial classes will appreciate those efforts of the present Ministers "to re move obstacles from the path of indus try," and will estimate them at their right value. Mr. Gillies-That action was ap proved of by the Age. Mr. Mlrams-- What do I care about that? There is only one matter in the speech to which the Government seem toattach much importance-and I am not sure whether they do so even to that - the question of constitutional reform. We are told that the Ministry are in office-much against their will -to deal with that question. The Chief Secretary told a meeting which he addressed recently that the present Government only took office at the call of duty, and much against their inclin ation-they would have greatly pre ferred to continue private members, but duty called and they responded, and consequently they are in office to carry their reform scheme. Mr. Ramsay-That is a position you cannot understand apparently. Mr. Mirams-I can understand it as well as the honorable member. I ask the Ministry, if they are sincere in their desire to carry reform, why don't they throw up their offices at once; becanse they know very well that they have not the ghost ofa chance of carrying a reform scheme ? There are three members of the Ministry pledged against the reform scheme propounded by the Premier, so far as it has yet seen the light, and three 'or four of the gentlemen sitting behind the Government are similarly pledged. Knowing this, why, I ask, do' the Ministry continue in office, wasting the time of the House and the country in a sham eideavor to carry a reform icheme which they know perfectly well they cannot carry - 'Mr. Zox-Can you carry reform on your side ? Mr. Mirams-That is not the ques tion.. The question is whether the Ministry can carry it who are in ofice to carry it. .Mr. Zox--They can try. Mr. Mirams-What is the use of them trying when they iknow they cianinot succeed? Of cou;ese ii is quite possible that some honorab~le members may turn their backs upon themIselves, and that, having spoken most stro~gly against the proposal of the Governmenrt, they will now vote for it.. l'h. Minis ter of Justice, in 1874, made a strong speech against this very proposal. He was returned to Parliament at that time by the assistance of the honorable member for Warrnambool, in the belief that he was in favour of the Norwegian scheme. Dr. Madden-That is not the fact. Mr. Mirams-The honorable member for Warrnambool stated himself in the House that he was under that belief. I asu what has happened since 1874 to ause the honorable member to alter his judgment on the principle involved in the Norwegian scheme ? Dr. Madden-I have seen the present Bill, and you have not. Mr. Mirams-We know what honor able members opposite have said in the country. We know that they are pledged to the Norwegian scheme of the two Houses sitting together, and that was the proposal which excited the honorable member's opposition in 1874. The honorable member then expressed himself in favor of depriving the Legis lative Council of a voice as to Money Bills, and now he is a member of a Government who propose to give them a greater voice in such Billsi by bring ing the two. Houses together to vote jointly on them. Dr. Madden-How do you know ? Have a little patience, you will soon know all about the Bill. Mr.. Mirams - Again, the present Minister of Lands voted against the second reading of the Francis Reform Bill, though he did not take part in the debate. I dare say the honorable mem ber was then following the example of the members of the Upper House, who, according to the statement of one of the members at a public meeting recently, "do not speak much, but are devils to think." Then there was the honorable member for Kyneton, who also voted against the second reading of that Bill, and the honorable member for Villiers and Heytesbury (Mr. Jones), who not only voted against the Bill, but made a most powerful speech against it, which I will read Again, the honorable member for Port land also spoke strongly against the Norwegian scheme, basing his objection principally on the question of numbers. He added together the number of mem bers in the Upper House and in the Assembly, and showed conclusively that a joint sitting would be destructive to the Lower House, except on those rare occasions when the majority here was over-whelming. If that argument was strong then, how much stronger is it now when it is proposed to increase the number of members of the Upper 'House from 30 to 42? Having quoted those votes and opinions of Ministers themselves and of gentle men who sit behind them, I ask what possible chance is there of a Govern ment who, on the first division which took place in this Parliament, on a question which was nothing like so crucial a test as the reform question will be, could just barely muster a con stitutional majority, being able to pass successfully through its various stages in this House a measure which affects the whole future of the country, and which several of their supporters have directly condemned ? I repeat that the Ministry have no chance whatever of doing so, and therefore it is a useless waste of the country's time for them to occupy the Treasury bench under the pretence of carrying a reform scheme which they know they have no prospect of passing through the House. Mr. Tucker - Sir. I think the speech which Ministers have put into the month of His Excellency will be read throughout the country with a feeling of disappoint ment. It seems as if this Parliament is going to enact the very same farce which has been played over and over again, of making the reform question a mere stalking horse to enable the Govern ment to hold office, and to draw pay and exercise the powers belonging thereto. No doubt the anestion of constitutional reform is a very serious one to settle. I, at all events, can claim that I have voted for every Reform Bill that has come before this House, and I feel inclined to approach the subject without any party feeling at all, knowing how true it is that the whole pros. perity of the country depends upon the speedy settlement of the question. There is a wide-spread suspicion in the country that the Government scheme is really an ndirect attack upon the manhood suffrage of the colony, which they dare not seek to abolish directly, by giving certain powers to another Chamber which will achieve that re suilt.Wehavebeen threatened already in the leading pres with a dissolution. For my p?rt, I am ready for a dissolution to-mor row. Let this Government follow the same tactics which hare been pursued on pre vious occasions, of levying an immense tax upon the liberal party of the colony by compelling them to fight elections. I am ready to meet the best man they can send into my constituency, and I am sure every member on this (the opposition) side of the House can say the same thing. As a repre sentative of a constituency composed of working men, when I find that amongst the staunch supporters of the Government are gentlemen who hold large estates, and have appropriated hundreds of miles of public roads--and when, moreover, I find that Eis Excellency's speech contains not the slightest allusion to a revision of the Tariffor the extension of the land tar, I think it behoves the electors of Victoria to look upon the whole proceedings of the present Parliament-at any rate as far as they have gone-with the utmoet suspicion. Now I would like to know whether the present Government have not, after all, taken office under what may be termed false pritences. Have we not been tol by the honorable member for Belfast that 20 of the gentlemen sitting on the Ministerial side of the House owe their seats to him? Skir J. O'Shauassy-I did not say so. MIr. Tucker-I understood the honorable member to say that he assisted or was instrumental in the return of more than 20 members on the Ministerial side of the House. Sir J. O'Shanaasy-That is a different thing. Mr. Tucker-I have not the faintest doubt myself that the honorable member understated the case, and it would be well if a division could be taken on that great question which, I am sorry to say, isolates the honorable member for Belfast from occupying the useful position in the House to which his great ability and knowledge entitle him. I think we may justly charge the Government, not only with taking office under false pretences, and delaying the business of Parliament, but also with having a deliberate intention of holding office in face of knowledge that they have not a majority suf?icient to carry a reform scheme anything like that foreshadowed by the Premier. It is all very well for gentlemen opposite to preach moderation now they have obtained a majority. We know they were very violent in the last Parliament when they were in a minority, but now they pray for peace, at any rate in their time. Whilst it is possible there may be no divi sion on the present motion, I trust that the liberals throughout the colony will be united and firm, and will show at least that they are not the selfish class which they have been accused of being by honorable members opposite. Seeing that it is affirmed over and over again that the last Parliament was dissolved on one specific question, I think it would be a right and proper thing it the present House did no other business until the reform question is settled. The Ministry presume to say that the'r -dvent has brought about a certain amount of prosperity, but I prefer to accept Hayter's statistics as to - the reasons for the increase in the prosperit of the colony. When we find that 3,000,000 bushels 'of wheat more were produced last year than before, and that there was a much . larger production of wool and other products of the soil than previously, we have more reason for attri buting the return of prosperity to these causes than to the present Government. And now, sir, let me say that I would very much like to know how the late elections were lost or won. For example, I would like to be informed how much secretservice money was distributed amongst the candi dates on the side that is now the Ministerial one. Also, who paid for the circulation of" the newspaper called the Reformer through out the length and breath of the land? It was evidently reprinted from,theArgus. but who ever heard of the Argus proprietors giving away copies of their newspaper for nothing? The fact is that the party of the present Government, sent into Avery corner of the colony a newspaper which was a tissue of misrepresentations and untrue statements, as well as glaring aupprea.ons of fact. It could not possibly have contained more untruths than it did con tain. The same men also had a nice little coterie which they called the "National Registration Society." but which simply sat for the purpose of placing any amount of dummy and faggot voters on the rolls. That the present Government and their party do not represent the people of the colony is an undoubted fact, and one that the electors would, if we were to hare a dissolution to-morrow, very soon discover for themselves. As for my own constitu ency, notwithstanding all the machinations brought to bear against me at the late election for Fitzroy. the result of which was to clear one of the special friends of the present Government out of Parliament, Iam certain that were I to offer myself again I would get fully 500 votes more than before. Such is the general condemnation, of the proceedings of the Government. In conclusion, I will say that I. for one, will cautiously examine the Government reform proposals when they come before us. However, we shall soon have the Reform Bill before us, and possibly the result will be to drive it forthwith out of the House, and possibly its authors after it. At all events, it may cause their being sent back to the only position in this Chamber they ought to occupy. From what has been foreshadowed of the mea sure, we may almost take for granted that it will seek to bring into this Chamber men who do not represent the pe3ple, although that will be in direct violation of the principle that representation should be on the same basis as taxation. For members of the Upper House to be able to come here and have a voice with respect to Money Bills would never do at all. On the other hand, recognising that the present aspect of affairs is one of the greatest seriousness, I trust the Government will surprise us all by placing before us a Reform Bill of an acceptable character. I know the difficulties of their position, and how, if they bring forward certain things which may be very acceptable on our side, there will certainly be an exodus among the honorable members sitting behind them. I also know and admit that really useful legislation upon an important subject must to some extent, be a matter of compromise. Under these circumstances, and in view of my promise to my constituents that, before I gave any general vote on the new Reform Bill. I will ask their counsel and advice. I earnestly hope the proposals of the Government will be characterized by moderation. and an honest desire to remove the constitutional difficulties which we have hitherto found so very disastrous to the country. 