PROFESSOR PEPPER'S LECTURES. \- Professor Pepper, who doling the course of his long - c»reer as a scientific leotorer in the metropolis of the world has delighted hundreds of thousands of people of all olasses and ages, is about to favor Adelaide with a visit. No denizen of the old world can have failed to hear some thing , of: the fame; of professor Pepper, and no inhabitant of London/could express his ignor ance of what proteBsor Pepper has done to make science popular at the famous Polytechnio. It is a matter for congratulation that the Professor has crossed the seas to visit Australia, and we are pleased to know that, he has every where been well received (in the < adjoining colonies. The value of his scientific and entertaining leotures has been recognised here in the right quarter, , as the Minister of Education has arranged for the visit of the .teachers and ad vanced scholars from the public schools to some of the professor's lectures at the Academy of Music. We have no doubt the general public will also throng to these interesting and useful exhibitions. The professor's lectures are not merely day statements of facts, but be brings with him upwards of twenty tons of apparatus and cleverly-contrived] mechanical aids, to illustrate his subject with experiments; and he is also assisted by his son and two or three other persons. His opening entertainment will be given oh Monday next. "If" has been well said that" the art of conveying to others the great laws that govern the ..universe, and more especiallly such portions-of them as apply to our own little atom of the vast whole, is a gift.in .which the professor excels, and u judi cious admixture - of amusement with instruc tion resulted in his audience being tanght with out knowing it. Under his gentle spiriting, science was no longer synonymous with harsh technicalities and dry-as-dnst formulse. ' It be came a region as charmingly enchanted as the pleasantest locality, of story-book lore. No wonder that for nearly thirty years the Poly technic lectnres ranked amongst the first of London's numerous attractions. No wonder the inventors, anxious to spread the fame of some new achievement in the field of their researches,' sought out Prpfeaser Pepper, and by bis kindly aid were able to place themselves en rapport with multi tudes . instead of units. Ne wonder that from Boyalty downward the name of Pro fessor Pepper became as a honsehold word, and the man himself the recipient of many honor able distinctions. Bat not by lectures alone did he seek to improve the millions of the great city. He instituted and successfully carried on a series of classes, which have been the meaus of educating large numbers of Londoners; while in the course of his own private studies he: dis covered and brought before the public marvel lous applications of scientific.phenomena. His famous ghost effeots alone placed thousands of pounds to the credit of the Polytechnic funds, and have made small fortunes for exhibitors all over the globe, even though the said exhibitors gave their audiences but the mere shadow of the wonders which the professor himself knows bow to produce." 