THE LADIES COURT BY A LADY CONTRIBUTOR. The exhibits in the Ladies' Court are arranged with much taste, and many stands of brilliant-hued flowers are displayed. A large patchwork quilt hangs on the wall at the first landing; in the centre of it are worked the flags of every nation, and the colours are so well chosen and contrasted that it makes a most effective appearance. Facing the staircase is a very large stand, filled with numerous exhibits, all made of the pith of rushes, of the kind that grow around Mordi- alloc mid Cheltenham; the baskets, flowers, wreaths, etc., look just as it formed from mac caroni, and are as light as feathers. The lady who designed them told me that the idea of so using the pith is entirely her own, and that a great number of these exhibits have been done some nine years. They have, however, kept their creamy, white tint very well, and look perfectly fresh. I think the clever inventor will be almost certain to receive many orders for fancy baskets and other trifles of that nature as soon as her case receives the atten tion it so well deserves. As I looked at it, I could not help picturing some of tho former filled with bright-hued, fragrant blossoms, and thinking how pretty they would be. On either side of this stand areseveral other smaller ones, containing respectively sea-weeds and shells, worste.l-work, point-lace, and satins embroidered in iloss silks. On entering tho court, my attention was at or co drawn to a vory beautiful group of white and purplo rhododendrons painted on white velvet ; the flowers look so natural that it is difficult not to believe that they aro real. Mrs. B. Shaun, the lady who has exocuted them, mentions, iu a notico placed benoath tho work, that thoy aro done by somo process peculiarly her own, but that she will gladly inform auyouo who is desirous' of knowing moro on tho subject. Th« kind offer will, I doubt not, moot with many a response, for it is an exhibit that is suro to meot -with much admira tion. Opposite to the rhododendrons aro two cases, ono oontaining a variety of richly HON W J CLARKE, M L C plumagod birdi, and the othor a bouquet and a oross. . The latter has tho word '.Venoror' engraven at the foot of it, and is entwined with ivy-leaves andpasBion-flowers.made of wax and floss-silk. Miss A. Barker is the owner of this stand. Besido' it stands ono I admire greatly, though its contents are vory fragile, boing formed of ogg-shells — thoso of geese, I think, from their size and colour. Thoy aro all paintod with different designs, mostly of a quaint Japaneso stylo, and fashioned into egg-cups, small croam-jugs and teapots, the two lattor having handles and lips made of somo gilded composi tion. A groat deal of caro and patienco must havo been oxpondod on them, and tho result must be most satisfactory to tho lady whoso talonts havo produced ao vory charming and uncommon an oxhibit. Tho namo of Mrs. Seekamp is, I think, on tho label attached to it. Sovoral of tho stands havo beon already on viow at the Juvenile Exhibition, and havo the gold and silver medals gained at it placod in Erominont positions. Amongst them is a very andsome crimson satin cushion, with gold eolourod cord and tassels, tho satin boing covorod with fino point-laco, which is admirably sot-off by the vivid hue beneath it. Tho work is dono by Miss Finlay. Almost at tho ontranco of tho court stands a very largo case ; in it aro placod somo of tho most oxquisitely-mado flowors I havo ovor seon. At two of tho corners arc fuchsias in pots — ono a c!eop crimson with purple centro, tho othor a double whito and pink. One remarkable feature in these artificial plants is that tho groen leaves, instead of being, as is so generally dono, simply bought and mounted, aro all mado by Miss Dohorty in wax; Tho oiTect is most natural and lifo-Iiko ; iudeed, I think, if they could bo seen any whoro else, most observers would bolievo them to be real flowors. The same remark can bo mado of tho sprays of mignonette that stand besido thorn. Thoro is also a lovely bridal bouquet made by tho same lady, tho English snowdrops and whito heath contained iu it being especially true to naturo. A curious oxhibit is placod near this case, on tho loft sido of tho court ; it consists o£ cross, bracolots,'ear-rings, and smpking-cap raado of melon-seeds, intersporsed with stool beads; they look exceedingly woll, and, but for tho notice that thoy ore composed of 'tho seeds of tho rock-melon,' tho general impression, I think, iB rather that tho various articles aro of. somo Indian or Chinose manufacture. On tho walls aro hung a varioty of oxhibits, including leathor-work, seaweed and shells, foathor flowers and patchwork quilts; thero ara three of the laltor, but only- ouo that I admiro. It is placed in tho centra, and its bright, well-contrasted Bhades mako a pretty featuro ns visitors pass up tho loft side. Tho ono arrangod on tho right of tho quilt just montionod has a curious history attaching to it, and though not vory protty, is ovidently groatly valued by its owner, whose namo I diil not learn, £10 being tho amount asked for it. Somo of tho patchwork has an oxtroiuoly fadod look, whioh, however, is only to bo oxpected.ns tho different snuaros composing it havo all for merly belonged to dresses wombytholato Queen Adolaido, tho Duchess of Kont, and our own dearly-loved Soveroign, rospoctiv61y. I was told that tho lady who oxhibited it had boon at ono time maid-of-hononr to her Majesty, and, during, that period, obtained thoi various silks, satins, and velvets of which it is com p'efsod frtfm one of th« court dressmakers. Nearly in front of it is placod a vory lovely cross, mado of alum, aud wroathod , with scarl ^t ' and whito passion - flowers. The Baorcducss that belongs to tho emblom of our salvation seoiu.3 to vender perfect simplicity an actuul necessity, and tho cross to which I am alluding possesses it iu a high degree. It is very large, and of a much greater width than is usually seen, thereby showing admirably tho puro whito, glistening material of which it is composed. Tho con trast between tho massive, rock-like, snowy oross and tho delicate, vivid-hued flowers rest ing so gracefully upon it is beautiful, and cannot fail, I think, to gain Mrs. Laing, who ex hibits it, much praise. A triumph of art is seon iu a wreath of flowers made of human hair. The shading of tho various brown and golden tints is most artistic, but I do not think it is a pleasing exhibit— it rominds me ao much of a muff composed of the samo materials which I saw somo yoars ago in tho Kensington Loan Gallery in London, and which is indelibly fixed iu my inomory by reason of/ a quaint remark concerning it mudu by the late Charles Dickens, who was standing besido me at tho timo. The wreath is niado by Mrs. Do Graiidi. Almost tho: prettiest articlo in tho court is, I think, a tablo of oblong form, with an extremely protly pattern of fern fronds worked upon it. Tho tints uro all those seon iu tho autumnal soason, and a peculiarly soft, golden huo is thrown over them, giving the effect of sunlight resting there. Thu work has evidently been a ' labour of lovo,' giving tho feeling that, whoever has ilono it, really enjoyed tho pleasant task of reproducing, iu such lovely forms, somo of tho fnirest, though most fragile, of nature's floral treasures. I could not learn tho namo of the lady who has sent it. Ono small exhibit, will hangs on tho right sido of tho court, that doubtless, excite, much interest in the visitors attending this our groat 'World's Show,' especially to thoso who claim La hells Frauco as their home. It appeared to mo strangely out of placo until I learnt its pathetic history. SuiToiiiidod on all sides by briglit-liueel flowers, Riiily- tinted shells and sea-woods, tho thin, faded pieco of red and whito calico has au almost ludicrous aspect, but tho smilo excited by it fados away as the vision of a far off, lonely death-bed rises up, and tho gazer renlisos that that poor, frail fabrio ha3 onco formed a part of what rested on Napoleon Bonaparte iu his last moments. How elo quently it seoins to speak of the changing vicissitudes of life, tolling, as it does, by its own mute testimony, that ho, whose very name had once hail power to mako mighty nations tremble, should at last havo died, so bereft of all earthly grandeur and pomp, as to have laid beneath a nintoriul so poor and common that scarcely ouo of thoso soldiers who so loved Lo potit Corporal would have cared to use it. Littlo as I had evor admired or liked the character of tho first Napoleon, I could not but pity him as I looked 011 that memento of the sad ending of his comparatively short though ambitious life. It was brought from St. Holeua by Miss Beule, who is also said to havo be.on fortnnctc enough to rear ono of tho numerous slips sho cut from tho willows growing around tho exile's grave. Close by this exhibit aro four others sent by Mrs. Henry, the wife of ono of tho warders belonging to tho Melbourne Gaol ; they consist of flowers out from coloured paper, some of thorn being so oxco3sive.ly small as to rosomblo niiuuto specimens of mosiac work. Tho likeness, however, to each natural blossom is wonderfully distinot. It seems almost incredible that human fingers can havo so arranged tiny pioces of paper so as to form so 'successful a wholo. If patience and skill avail in winning a prize, Mrs. Henry ought certainly to gain one. Thero aro two stands of skoloton-loavos ; 0110 contains a bouquot of puro whito, which is vory lovely, and arranged with great tasto. I do not know the namo of the sender, but I feel sure it is a caso that will bo much admired by tho numerous visitors to the court; it looks so puro and simplo in its fragile loveliness. Speaking for myself, I know that my gnzo, somewhat weary from examining tho bright-hued objects around, roturncd again and again to rest on the delicate, transparent' leaves and sprays. Tho othor belongs to Mrs. Llewellyn, and is called ' a phantom bouquot.' It is tinted with a tingo of the vory palest bluo, and scattored horo and thoro aro a few holly-homes, glitter ing amongst tho transparent leaves, and heightening the e'ffect by their own vivid colouring. I did not, at first, admire it very much, but gradually tho meaning of tho words ' a phantom bouquot ' becamo clear to mo. As I looked at it, tho bluo tingo seemed to resemblo tho light mist that is so of ton seen in England just as tho sun is beginning to sink on an autumn aftornoon ; and memory brought boforo mo many a fair homo-scone, whoro tho almost leafless hedges— wroathod iupalo-bluo mist, that would ore many hours had passod, havo deepened into a thick, Lcavy fog, and brightened by tho scarlet hips and haws appeared in vory truth liko 'phantoms' of their own selves when clad in all tho glory of thcirsumraer beauty. Tho lovolinoss of this bouquot cannot, I think, bo fully understood by a casual glance, nnd will need sovoral visits to bo roally appreciated. A hotter effoct could, in my opinion, bo obtained by a whito base roplacing tho blue ono which now. holds tho loaves, but, of courso, any alteration is impos siblo now tho Exhibition is onco oponod. A good many, specimens of leathor-work are on viow, tho' handsomest beluga tablo holdin' an dpergno filled with well-executed wax flowers. On the opposito sido of tho court is another oporgno of an extremely protty form— small glass baskets of a light, slondor shapo linn' trom tho sides, and tho wholo. of it is tastofully arranged with very natural-looking blossoms made iu the samo material as thoao just mon tionod. Not far from ? it stands a caso with a collection of fruit of all kinds, that are roinark ably truo to naturo ; aomo of tho poars scorn of an unusually largo size, but that is tho only ox ception that can bo takon to this exhibit. At tho further end ot' tho court hangs au ornamont for tho mantol-pioco, composed of silk of tho favourite shade of olil-gold so much iu voguo just now ; it is adorned with paintings of flowers done in oils. A doeper shado of silk would, I think, show them oil' to much greater advantage ? Mrs. Gamono, of Foptscray, oxhibits a stand of flowers, .admirablypiirycd from thecuttlefish thoy aro vory effectivo, and of li puro whito which enhances thoif btuuty. A curiouslook ing blossom attracts much attention, it is mado 111 whito wool and beat's tho singular naino of 'Holy Ghost flower'; just in front of tho vase which holds it, is 'another ono oontainiii' a largo bouquot composed of tho samo matorinl with a small plant named 'tho-movin' plant of India,' a ;titlo ; givon 011 .account df some poculiur movomout of tho loaves whioh iontiuuo iu agitation day and night, I uoror saw bottor wool flowors, and thoy noarly ull dono from memory. A stand sont by Mvs. llntow — to whom also belong somo of tho seaweeds and pressed ferns already montionod — is termed Nopttino's Car, and intondod to represent two scones of ocean lifo ; tho upper 0110 showing tho soa-king seated on a nautilus shell, drawn by thrco soa-horsos abreast, with branched of whito coral surrounding him. The sea is very well imitated ; tho lower sceno is a coral cavo, fringed with various seaweeds, tho flooring composed of sand strown with different kinds of shells, small pobbles, and sprays of seaweed. In tho centre aro soatod two mer maids, and bohiuil 11 branch of whito coral appeai-3 another sea-horse, Tho idea is an excessively pretty one, and vory well carried out with tho exception of tho three figures, which aro too uninist.ikeubly liko dolls. Some etnu eggs, mounted on vaees of leather-work in different stages, natural, varnished aud bronzed, nro much admired. Tho eggs are worked with somo designs, apparently Chinese, and tho vnses carved with ferns, kangaroo and emu. Tho threo exhibits will form 11 charming gift for any person desirous of sending ono to tho old country. A caso, which interests me very much, is filled witli sovoral of tho Austra lian wild- flowers, made in wax, and forwarded by two sisters-Miss Eva anil Florence Peebles. Amongst them aro two kinds of wattloa, so natural in their appearance that it is really (lillicnlt to rofrain from bonding down to inhale tho exquisito perfume belonging to tho tree; a largo spray of tho boautiful -lcsert-ncn, and a brunch ot' a most gorgcously-hueil flower, labelled tho ' Tasinaniim Waratah,' whose colour is of a deep, brilliant crimson. I regret very much that theso young ladies did not spud iu somo more of their admirablo imita tions of our wild blossoms, as many, whoso avocations do not allow of any lengthened visit to tho country, can have but littlo idea ot tho vivid colouring and exquisite beauty with whioh our Master has iu so many places ' clothed tho grass of tho fiold.' In tho stand I have already described ns con taining tho oxhibits mailo from tho pith of rushes, is n. vory beautiful text, that will, I trust, preach its own loving, though silent sormon to tho crowds passing up and down the stair-caso facing it : 'Bo not weary in woll doing.' E. A. C. 