THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. (From our own Correspondent.) VICTORIA.-THE GBEAT SCENE-SHIFTER. PBOGEESS.-FDT.tJBB GBEATNE8S.-MANU FACTURES.-BEHIND THE SCENES.-THE AUSTRALIAN " HUNTLY AND PALMEB." HOT PLUM-PODDING.-OCEANS OF TREACLE. -PARLOUR GYMNASTICS.-THE JURORS' AVIARY.-MELBOURNE BY MOONLIGHT. Victoria exhibits in her displayed resources many things that suggest profound social prob lems awaiting the solution of timp. Time, that great scene-shifter in the world's drama, changes the locality after a long run, and begins again in a new field, with new actors and fresh acces sories ; but the themes, with some variation, are all pretty much the same. Some of the actors live only to acquire wealth-make it their re ligion almost from the nursery to the grave; others live only to spend it. The people who possess brains and those who possess money of ten change places and set to other partners. The best men often fail; the worst succeed. There is always the villain of the piece, and as some fall through the trap-door of oblivion, others enter by the side scenes, and pass across the worjd's stage in the same fleeting fashion. There is always the same set of characters, good and bad, virtuous and vile ; and love-" Time's fool"-provides new performers in the shadowy drama. The transition from childhood to youth is not marked by such changes as those which accompany the transition from youth to man hopd j and, judging by its infinite possibilities, of which there is abundant evidence spread around, Victoria will undergo great changes in the next few years, and crystallise into new and unlooked-for shapes, undreamed of in the past. With food at the low figure it is here, and labour so high, and 34 millions o! people in the old country, where meat is one shilling per lb., and human flesh and blood so cheap, as sung by Tom Hood, it is not likely the present per formance can run many years longer; and unless we are unable to read the signs of the times, the present Exhibition will greatly ac celerate the impending changes. The sooner the better | There are too many skids on the wheels of progress, and young Victorians, aboye all, should travel and see the world. We should like to see and read some of the weekly reports the foreign commissioners and exhibitors send home. It does people good, as the poet Burns has put on record, "to see ourselves as others see us." People denied aspirates, may acquire wealth, and they should not begrudge the extra twopence in the school estimates for the teaching of man ners. England has got to the stage when she can no longer produce a third of the food re quired to feed her population, and that difficulty is daily increasing in so small an island. As as American remarked, " It is a very nice little island, but I was always afraid of falling oyer into the sea." Well, the Exhibition h&ยง taught us that tie world will not have to wait centuries to see Australia take her place among nations. In pursuance of our self-imposed task, we have not yet made much progress in finding out what is not manufactured in Victoria. We have, however, satisfied ourselves that at present they do not manufacture "paupers" nor "work houses." Neither do they make torpedoes nor breech-loaders. We hare generally remarked that those nations which excel in the one field, are usually pre-eminent in the other. May bad legislation aud high civilisation never conduct us to that deplorable consummation ! We find, however, which could hardly be anticipated, that among the Victorian manufactures are rail way locomotives, first-class American saloon cars of elegant construction, Pullman cars, semaphores, and all kinds of telegraphic apparatus and agricultural machinery, and among them all, the nucleus of a museum of antiquities, in the form of the first plough used in the colony. This patriarch among ploughs bears the marks of age and rough service endured in its pioneering mission, and should be pre served in a glass case for future generations. Such things as parquet flooring, china, pottery, bronzes, and embroidered ecclesiastical vest ments are amongst the Victorian exhibits. What would the gold-digger of a by-gone day say to the last-named ? What Captain Costigan said of the gold-epauletted, bedecorated, staff officer, probably, on the occasion of his first beholding that glittering personage-" How I should like to pawn him 1" After seeing only the finished results in Vic torian exhibits, we thought it well to see the modus operandi, and Messrs. Swallow & Ariell first showed ns behind the scenes at their factory at Sandridge. Everybody knows the great Eng lish factoryof Huntly & Palmer at Reading, with its 3,000 employes. Mr. Swallow gradu ated many years ago in that Alma Mater, and here we have an Australian Huntley & Palmer fast growing up. The factory already covers a large space of ground. We know not how many tons of flour, fete., per week are now consumed. 700 dozen of eggs per diem are used, and a re serve stock, preserved in lime, of some 40,000 dozen is kept up. 6581bs. of butter are used for " cake" alone per day. The famous plum-pud dings are boiled by steam ; 250 plum-puddings boiling at one time (what a sight for school boys !)or8cwt. per day. Theocean of treacle which flows from Messrs. Swallow & Ariell's premises is all purified by animal charcoal, prepared in all its stages on the spot, as indeed is everything throughout the establishment, even to the tin-boxes used for packing and storing ; and the cooper's work in the making of barrels, etc. We expected to see myriads of flies in the treacle department, instead of which there was not one. Perhaps that article is too strong for them. More than 300 workpeople are employed on the premises. Mr. F. Bennett's parlour gymnasium at the Exhibition reminds us that we remark in young Victoria a tendency to run to legs and arms, in other words, unequal development. That such things-can be counteraterd by. proper means, or developed by circumstances, Dr. Darwin has shown conclusively enough, the curious configur ation of the giraffe being the result of genera tions of neck-craning after their proper food, which grows at a lofty altitude. It is invaluable to people of sedentary pursuits, invalids, or for use in bad weather: it takes up no more space than an eight-day clock and can be set up any ' where. Young ladies who desire to develope the just proportions of a Greek Venus, to say nothing of health, should try one. - The jurors are so numerous-about 400 that the accommodation is insufficient, and it also has been found necessary to fix the maximum of the cost of their luncheon at 2s. 6d. each. These doves of the State must be duly fed, and not overworked. The lofty turrets on the roof of the Exhibition buildings are going to be utilised for the jurors, and next week three rooms will be ready for meetings aud discussions. Should - any juror go to sleep, he will not be awoke, but left on the roof all night, the outlet being locked at closing-time. Should he awake, he can then Btudy the stars, and the appearance of the panorama of Mel bourne by moonlight, or perhaps, between the glimpses of the moon see the ghosts of the kan garoo and the aborigine come to revisit their whilom happy hunting-grounds at Carlton. 