THE SELF-ASSERTING QUALITY AND DOMINATING POWER OF RE LIGION. There is a remarkable statement made by St, Peter in Acts iv. 20, & terse, emphatic declara tion, deserving of attention, as it illustrates the fact that when religion takes hold upon a man it so pervades and directs his nature that he cannot readily be forced into a course of conduct opposed to his new intuitions, thus indicating in a few simple words the source of some of those impulses and motives actuating Christians which the world does not understand and cannot satisfactorily account for. Peter and John, shortly after the day of Pentecost, had been teaching the people about Jesus and the resurrection from the dead, when they were laid hold of by those in authority and \- commanded neither to speak nor to teach in the name of Jesus ; but they ably defended themselves before their Belf-constituted judges, and, uncultured though they were, asserted their right to become teachers of others. For said they : " We cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." It requires to be noted that special force was given to this utterance by the introduction of double negatives to express an affirmative statement : We cannot not, said tbe Apostle, as though he had remarked, " it is not in us not to do soand upon reference to Greek, Latin, and French versions, we find the double negatives retained in the expression, although in the English version, to conform to the structure of the language, the disjunctive participle has been used, thus preserving the grammar but somewhat detracting from the force of the original. The " we cannot not" of Peter indicates powerful convictions of the reality of his recent experiences and an irrepressible impulse to speak .of them to others, in some such way as one who feels strongly about anything, wants to talk about it, and to awaken in the breast of everyone with whom lie comes in contact an enthusiasm on behalf of his favorite subject. Move terribly in earnest was Peter than the ancient mariner who kept the wedding guest spell-bound to listen to his long narration, the secret of Peter's irrepressibleness on this occasion being that he was " filled with the Holy Ghost." He must speak. Like a prophet of old, with the message of God as a fire in his bones, silence is out of the question. Common obstacles and conventional considerations are overborne by a new law of being, the outflow of a new life. And since that time to tbe present there have been men standing prominently before their fellows in the performance of some good work, whose energy, zeal and endurance have been borrowed from the same source as Peter's was, and whose success as human agents lay in their irrepressibleness. The Christian religion has sometimes been misrepresented as a passive element, the mere holding o£ time-honored, worn-out creeds and dogmas; but in reality it is the development of an active principle not necessarily connected with such things. It is such a manifestation as we see in the Apostles, of power from a supernatural source, working within a man, asserting itself openly and irresistibly against the outer life, overmastering the physical being, and subordinating the body with all its members to its behests. Were it not for these irrepressible characteristics associated with intense religious convictions, and for the moral propulsion engendered by the accompanying spiritual power, there would have been no martyrs in the early Church, no Reformation, no Whitfield or Wesley to stir up the slumbering Church, no missionaries spending their lives for others. Apostles with retiring manners, and careful not to go out of the ordinary grooves of conversation would not have made much headway in spreading the Gospel; andBO professing Christians of to-day, who are very careful not to put themselves forward in church matters, who are sensitive to criticism and solicitous to go through life smoothly, enjoying the good opinion .of everyone, are not likely to aid materially in the great work of preaching the Gospel to every creature. They are cautious because they lack zeal; silent because they have nothing to say. But brother Peter, whose heart has been stirred up by the Lord, is on fire with zeal; ha works like a steam engine at high pressure, saying " he cannot but speak the things which he has seen and heard." Gentle John, with bosom inflamed with love becomes a " thunderer," so vehement is he in denouncing sin, so anxious to save souls; and the wise, intellectual Paul, willing to suffer the loss of all things that he may " win Christ," experiences hunger and thirst, is reviled, persecuted, and defamed, that he may "persuade men." They cannot but do so, because they are "weightily possessedj" "the burden of the Lord" is upon them, and to give free expres sion to those truths which affect the highest welfare of others has become to them t( a law of life." If in relation to our own conduct we apply the test of this principle, the self-asserting quality of religion, we may draw an inference of value concerning our merits as disciples of Christ. It is fitting to ask, is our religion of this irrepressible type ? Clearly it should be and if so will be found asserting itself not only within certain conventional limits, such as going to church regularly, and subscribing to reason' able charities ; but upon special lines of its own selected by a certain bias of mind, or by those talents and sympathies that are strongest within us, moving us to take part in Sunday-school teaching, lay preaching, tract distributing, reading to the sick, or some other moral and social activity that evidences religious vitality, Contemporaneously with works like these there arise in a community of Christians as an outcome of religious life hospitals, asylums, city missions, and kindred institutions, which are not the result of civilisation only, as might be supposed, for the past ages of vaunted intel Iect and high attainments in art and literature knew of no such developments as these ; but they are comparatively modern, and' distinctly the product of a piety, the initial impulse of which moved Peter so powerfully eighteen centuries ago. In the same class of religious developments are the Young. Men's Christian Associations so rapidly being formed in various towns of many lands that their number exceeds 2,200, with a roll of one and a half million members. This does not look like the dying out of Christianity, but rather shows that the power of its religion is approaching a white heat of fervor and intensity among those who will soon be called to occupy the place of their fathers in conducting this world's affairs. These Christian Associations appear to fulfil admirably, in most cases, the purposes for which they have been inaugurated. Let us hope that the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association may be also successful. Already it presents ample scope for work, and for the expansion of that vital principle we are discussing. At the Sunday -services are required those who can speak burning words under pressure of such convictions as made Peter and John so much in earnest. There are wanted, too, those who can go into the street and speak to idle young men and women a word for God straight from the heart, without a tinge of cant; also some who can at' least present a handbill to the passer-by calling attention to the service held in the Association rooms at Gawler-place. No apology is needed for such intrusiveness as this, unless it be the apology of Peter and John, we cannot not do so." Oh! for the power that would impel young men so to take up this work that they could not help doing it. There are tremendous crimes, popular evils, wrought daily, passing unnoticed save by the victims of them, because the leaven of irrepressible religion is not yet at work strong enough in the world. There are those scandals of society, drunkenness, swearing, gambling, licentiousness, and stories or jokes of double meaning with their fascinating undercurrent of wrong, all needing prompt and stern rebuke, But, oh ! how difficult, how impossible it is to bear faithful witness against such evils at every turn in life, unless the effort is spontaneous and irrepressible, the assertion of l-eligious instincts forced into expression by the hidden power underlying them. At times one must be prepared to have harsh things said, and things that are untrue of him who would be a reformer of others, and to justify the assumed position of a corrector of morals among those who are possibly superior in intellect and social position. If so it may at least be helpful to remember that Peter and John were charged with being " unlearned and ignorant," and the apology they offered, or rather tbe defence they made, will cover our case too ; our religion must assert itself, " we cannot not speak." " Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." C. H. H. Iu passing sentence upon Peter Pound, who was found guilty of shooting with intent, Mr. Justice Boucaut remarked that the case in question was one of many—seventy per cent., he supposed, of the whole that came before him— where drink had been the cause of the offence. This is not a new or startling statement. It is the universal testimony of magistrates, judges, and coroners. Some of the most BeriouB evils which afflict society would disappear if the licensed traffic in drink were prohibited. Every philanthropist should hate the agent which inflict so many evils upon his fellows. But why should drink be so praised and petted as it is, even by Christians and the Church ? We suppose that if a wild beast had taken up its quarters somewhere near Adelaide, and nightly carried off and devoured some victim,there would be a universal cry for its immediate destruction. Strong drink is daily destroying some victim, and yet it must be allowed to pursue its deadly work not only unchecked, but under the express sanction and approval of the law. When shall this anomaly cease ? WHEN- we heard that there was to be a parade of the volunteers on Sunday, 22nd February, tobid farewell to' Major Godwin, we were under the impression that it was to be a church parade. What was our astonishment, therefore, to learn that the affair took the form of an empty military display at Glenelg. Of course crowds of people came down to see the show, and between the strains of the Military Band, the cheers of the volunteers, and the snouts of the people, the Sabbath quiet of Glenelg was converted for the time into a very Babel of noise and confusion. We were sorry to be told that on the strength of a too liberal largess from the departing Major some of the men indulged to excess in drink, and that at some of the publichouses unseemly scenes were witnessed. But we protest against the whole thing. Why should tbe Sabbath be thus desecrated simply to glorify the departure of an officer of the force 1 If events like this are allowed to pass unnoticed the next thing we shall hear ef will be a proposal to hold a review and sham fight on the Sabbath da v. THE general elections in Victoria have resulted in the crushing defeat of the Berry party, the Opposition having obtained 47 seats against 39 Ministerial. No alternative wns left to the Berry Ministry but to resign, which they have done, and Mr. Service lias been sent for and entrusted with the task of forming a Ministry. The Berry rule has been short but disastrous, and the people have shown their determination to have no more of it. It has, however, served a useful purpose. There was need of reform in many directions in Victoria, and with the Berry episode before their eyes future Ministries, if they are wise, will be more liberal and more careful to meet the wishes of the people. The people too, let ua hope, have learned that the interests of all classes of the community are identical, and that if one class, whether the rich or the poor, suffer all the others suffer with it. We trust that, politically and socially, clearer skies and smoother waters are before the sister colony. WE do not envy Mr. A. B. Murray the satisfaction which, we presume, he feels at tbe result of the Supreme Court case in which he figured as prosecutor the other day. When Mr. Murray suspected that his poor neighbours had stolen a sheep, he might have cured their propensity by making them a present of one of the best in his flock. Instead of this he places temptation in their way, sets his men to watch, and when the widow and her children, who were perhaps hungry, were caught in the act, he hounds them to prison and to judgment. We do not write to justify sheep-stealing, but to deprecate such conduct on the part of a wealthy Christian man. A little kindness might have saved the widow and her girls. Mr. Murray, however, has set the felons braud upon them, and probably ruined them for ever. We are concerned about the child aged nine jears, who was acquitted and left without the care of either mother or sisters for twelve months. Mr. Murray would do well to see that that child is cared for until his mother regains her liberty. 