"THE SPIDER AND THE ELY ; OR, INNOCENCE AT PLAY." Br Miss JEAN MIDDLESIASS, Author of "Lil," "Wild Georgie," "Bating the Trap," "Mr. DoriUioD.' "Touch and Go/ sc.. Ac. fee. CHAPTER XXXVIII THURSDAY EVENING. .Knots dt excited Frenchmen are talking and gesticulating at Madame Regnier's Thursday evening r&union;, and. th liftle woman herself is lending no email assistance to the discussion. She has wonderfully recovered her spirits since she has confessed her share in the great jewel robbery to Anwka, and lifted the weight of it from, cff her shoulders on to those of defunt Madams DahL Madame Regnier has not seen Annika since that day° she had r&ther; avoided another meeting She did not feel altogether comfortable under tlie gaze of those large melancholy eyea ; perhaps, too, she thought the bond of the old amity wquld be more firn^ rlvetted if the first advances came fronr^fcimifca. Be it as it might, a week had passed and no communication had. taken place between them. What has- happaned, if anything, Madame Regnier is much exercised in her mind to learn. Still she resolves to abide by her decision of remaining passive ; information must come to her; she is resolved not to seek it. There is an especial charm to some natures in drifting with the current; Madame Regnier is indulging for the moment in this sort of effortless existence.-- To be guided entirely by circumstances' and act as chance suggests is, perhaps, a new phase in the active little Frenchwoman ; but it is none the less pleasing because a very new sensation. At ten o'clock the Babel of tongues is at its height; the partizans of the Left Centre are declaiming volubly; even M Jules has renounced his game of piquet to join in the discussion, which would scarcely be dwed in France, when the door opens and Mr. Bruton is announced. He looks round him with a smile, receiving from the lady of the house a playful reprimand for being so much of a stranger. "I was thinking of beating a retreat, npw," he answered ; " since your parties have grown so very French and political, there is no room for such a thorough John Bull as I am ; only I want to talk to you, and I knew I should find you to- night." " I am always glad to see you, Mr. Bruton. Tell me what you have been about ail this long time." " Oh, I always have so many irons iu the fire, it is almost impossible to count them. Lately I have had soms more than usually troublesome business to transact whicb, in reality, must account' for my absence. " " Oh, I hope it has brought a good rtiurn." " Uptiij my word, it has paid so well, and tauijhi mt, so much, that- I am thinking of giving up the ' Bear garden,' aud turning detective. I have beeu engaged in sifting a gieat jewel robbery." Madame winced, but Bruton pretended not to see it, and went on :— •'Of course, what I am going to tell you is quite confidental; but a friend of yourB is implicated." ," Indeed V' " Yes ; can you guess who T' ' Madame Regnier looked half afraid to answer ; she gave Bruton credit for much subtlety, and thought these little thrusts were probably made to oblige her to compromise herself he knowing the truth full Well. She did not speak, only turned her hfead with a knowing glance towards Adolphe. "Not far wrong," went on Bruton. " He is in it, but it is some one else I mean." " Jules V' she asked, with well-acted surprise. Vw, " No. For j once M. Jules has- not mixed himself up with a shady transaction. He has left it to—but I beg pardon, for the moment I forgot I was talking to his wife." "Who is the person against whom you are directing your impertinent remarks V asked Madame Regnier, with more irritation in her tone than Bruton ever remembered to have detected there before. He did not remark on it, however, but said very quietly :— " Miss Annika DahL" " What has she been doing ? I have not seen her for a week." " Nor have L But that is not the case in point. What was she doing at Compeigne one hot summer about ten years ago?" " Why do you ask me V' but all the asperity had faded from Madame Regnier's voice. " Because, my dear madame, the police books of the date announce that you were with her. It was in that year that Prince lavradskofi's jewels were lost." f'Have they been found V Bruton produced a piece of paper from his pocket and read :— "Mem. from Mrs. Shaddock, Clerkenweli, to J. Bruton, Esq. " Gold necklet set in brilliants, found at a dealer's in Paris, changed hands seven times in ten years, in 18(56 in possession of Madame Dahl. " One bracelet to match, net yet found, but Bold at Homburg by Madame Dahl, late in 1867. Second bracelet—making the pair sold by M. Adolphe, to Mrs. Shaddock, a few weeks since—not in the irarket till that time. "Miniature of Prince Lavradskoff, set in gems, -bought at Christie's in June last; but sold to Mrs. Shaddock by a little Frenchwoman, for another' party, about three years ago; since therT passed through several hands." Bruton paused when he had finished reading, and watched his companion, who did not make any observation, only looked perturbed ; and, after a minute, he continued with, a smile— "Shall I alter a little Frenchwoman Into Madame Jules Regnier 1 the term is indefinite, and scarcely complimentary." " Why should you she asked, thiB time almost in a whisper. " Because, having discovered who the real party is, it is as well to make the whole thing shipshape and to put in the names. The Prince will give a good bit more, I fancy, for the whole truth." " Which you had better ascertain before you attempt to convict the innocent," said Madame Regnier excitedly. " Miss Dahl has no more to do with the Bale of these jewels than" "Than you have—I suppose you would acid. Come, come, Madame Regnier. I am not quite such a fool as I look ; you can't altogether make me believe that the things walked themselves off." "You may believe what you like, but Annika Dahl had nothing to do with it." " Indeed ! It is very odd that she has made a full confession to the Prince, who, on the strength of it, has forgiven her, only reserving the vials of his wrath for her accomplices." " The girl is mad; she had nothing to do with it; it was Madame Dahl who sold the jewels." " At her request." " Nothing oi the sort; she never even knew it till I told her a week ago." "So—so—sc—then you were in the swim!" Madame Regnier coloured np; guarded though Bhe usually was, Mr. Bruton had proved too much for her. " Come, Mr. Bruton," Bhe Baid, accepting the situation with clever diplomacy. " Let us talk the whole thing out. It iB no ufe two such old friends as we are trying to deceive each other;" and she led the way to a sofa at the further end of the room, where they would not be interrupted by the political conversation v hich was still raging at its height. When Bruton rose from his seat, some half an hour later, there was a telf-- satisfied smile apparent on his features which betokened that he had by no means got the worst of the alliance. On the contrary, the solution of one or two riddles had been given him, though the most important of all Btill remained unguessed. Why had Annika accused herself to the Prince when Madame Regnier's tale so thoroughly exonerated her from every suspicion of blame ? The delicate touch in the girl's character which prompted her to shield her dead stepmother's name, even at the expense of her own, he was e powerless to comprehend. What pleased Mr. Bruton and made him on good terms with himself aud all the world was the morny return which the investigation of this matter had brought. Even from Madame Regnier he was to receive an equivalent for keeping her naqie out of the communications he was to make to Prii.ce Lavradskuff's lawyer. She could not pay him iu so much coin : that he knew ; but she promised him an introduction he had been long seeking from her unsuccessfully, and which he knew would bring him a rich business return. Neither wi.'l Baby Bar-combe get her fiver, he mentally decided, as he walked across the drawing-room, and made a wry face as he drank a cup of very sweet negus which he took from a tray near the fireplace. " She professes to be a sharp one, and she does not know Madame Regnier from Annika Dahl. No, Miss Barcombe I think half the sum will about pay yoa on this occasion for the amount of information you have succeeded in obtaining." By which Boliloquy it may be inferred that Mr. Bruton was disposed to make the largest sum of money possible out of the facts he had gathered together in thisnew trade of his—a trade for which he himself facetiously remarked that he was thinking of taking an office, and ticketing it in large letters, "Other people's affairs searched out here." Having put down his empty glass, a few seconds later saw him in energetic conversation with one of the denizens of Leicester-square, who professed to speak the English language fluently. So vile, however, were his efforts that it was only when Mr. Bruton was in the best of humours, as he was to-night, that he could be troubled even to entertain the thought of a prolonged conversation. The invectives against the existing powers in France amused him, however, on this occasion ; and he allowed the talk to dawdle on longer than he had intended, till he saw M. Jules and his friend Adolphe sit down to resume their games at piquet. Mr. Bruton probably thought of the Baconian as iom, that "occasion turneth a bald noddle after she hath presented her locks in front and no hold taken," for he left his companion abruptly, even in the middle of a sentence, and slapped Adolphe familiarly on the shoulder, just a3 he was dropping into his seat. " How much did you get for the bracelet 1 the old hag in Clerkenwell won't take less than twenty pounds." ' Dieu des dieux !" cried Adolphe with characteristic profanity, and then he stared aghast at Bruton, who burst into a loud guffaw. This was just what he had expected when he made the home thrust—the paralysis of mind he gloated over. At last there came a coherent answer in a hoarse whisper— "Five, only five, and Jules knows nothing." " Sapristi ! Bruton, don't talk to Adolphe now ; I want my game." It was M. Jules who interrupted savagely. " All right, all right. M. Adolphe and I will talk our business, over another time," cried Bruton, walking away and leaving this miserable specimen of the worst type of Frenchman at white heat, like seething metal. Bruton took out his watch and deliberated. " Twenty to eleven; not much more profit or fan to be got out of this entertainment to-night. I'll be off soon," was the mental remark. A loud knock at the street door made him pause, however, before he carried his decision into effect. He would see who this fresh visitor might be. "Air. Victor Armstrong." " The JiancS of Miss Polly ! I should have thought that fact would have kept Mm out of Torrington-square. By Jove, I've never congratulated him yet," and Bruton went up to his friend and held out his hand. " Well met, Yic, my boy. I've been wanting to say the proper thing for some days; but I haven't seen you, and you know I could not presume to write to one BO gifted in the art of scribbling as you are." " Thank you, thank you," answered Armstrong hurriedly, returning Bruton's hand grip with the feeblest movement of his fingers, while his eyes. wandered eagerly round the room. " Oh, I'm not jealous — not in the least; are you ?" went on Bruton laughing. " I had, it is true, some thought of going in for the young lady; but I long surrendered her to you." " Don't talk nonsense. Bruton, has any one else been here to-night 1" "No ; I don't think so. But what is the matter, Vie ? you look like your own ghost." "Nothing particular; I'm not very well." " 1 hat's a horribly womanish answer. Come, old fellow, let's have your ailment distinctly defined. I was just off, but I'll wait half an hour or so if you're walking Strand wards." "No. I'm going to the Club." This was a decided dismissal for Bruton, who, in none of his dreams of self- aggrandisement, had ever thought of enrolling himself in the member-list of a fashionable Club. " Ta-ta. then, my boy ; that isn't my road." " Good-night, Bruton ; and Vic, having brushed off his friend aa he wo old a troublesome fly, went up to the lady of the house— "Tell me, is it true—is she in difficulties—ill % Oh, Madame Regnier, tell me everything." " What about—of whom are you talking r " Of Annika, of course." " Oh ; and MisB Polly 1" " Never mind her just now. Is It true that Anhika iB ill and unhappy V' " She has not been well for some time," said Madame Regnier guardedly. She instinctively felt that Vic Armstrong was the last man to whom Annika would care to have her secrets divulged. " I have not seen her for a week. She talked of going out of town." " Not for a week ? how cruel! She was in London this morning. Polly saw her." : "Oh, Miss Polly told you." : '' Polly has been sent for home suddenly by her father. I have just been dining fit Clapham ; she left a note for me, telling me to look after Annika for her, as Bhe fears she is very ill, and in some trouble," " And you have been ?" " No, I came straight here. Mademoiselle Dahl desired me never to call on her again. Do tell me, Madame Regnier ; you are her friend. What shall I do V' '' Poor boy ! I believe you love her better than Miss Polly after alL" Vic Armstrong's only answer was a groan. " Remain quiet, my friend ; go home to ;bed and sleep. You look haggard and worn out. I will see Annika—not to-morrow, I am going to Richmond—but the day after, and you shall have a little letter aoon." , , . " Ask her to let me go and see her just for one short quarter of an hour." " Yes, I will ask, but what is the use since you are le fiance of another ?" 