The Battle of Botany. i. SYDNEY, New Year's Day, 1881. My dear Jack, — I take advantage of an enforced holiday, (being laid up with a wound in the foot) to give you a some what detailed account of the misfortunes which have befallen this unhappy country. As I write, with my foot swathed in bandages, propped up on a stool before me like some old gentleman with the gout, I look out on the view you used to admire so much. Therelies Garden Island, a green spot in t1-o lirjoitH-fiil liliin vctitiXfa nf miv* fin^Tinut* no 1/wnin »n «{ old ; but, alas, the Union Jack no longer floats from the flagstaff ; the hated eagle of Russia flaps her horrid wings in its place, and her two cruel heads look down, exultingly on a scene of misery and desolation — herself a grim token of our defeat and conquest. For indeed we are conquered ; our whilom peaceful har bour now bears the long low hulls of Russian gunboats, or the greater bulk of huge transports, instead of the peaceful ships of commerce whose forms used to be mirrored in her waters in your days. Russian military music and the clank of arms and the heavy tread of her soldiery is heard in our streets. Military law is pro claimed ; none dare go abroad after dark without a Russian pass, and the whole land groans under the iron yeke of the conqueror with an agony that can scarcely be borne. But I must not enlarge upon this theme, but will rather tell you first how this great misfortune came about. You will remember how Great Britain was taken aback at Russia's declaration of war in October last. After back ing and filling for several months, till no one here thought she would fight at all, she suddenly threw off the mask and declared war jupt at a time when general winter would prevent any serious invasion of her own country, and when she had forged the bolt which was to be hurled with such deadly force on Britain's most vulnerable point. Rumours of an expedition fitting out at Petropaulovski had reached us in the colonies somewhat prior to the declara tion. The ?wiseacres, however, pooh-poohed the whole idea ; Russia had no vessels fit to cope with ours, and they would never get through the China seas. But the secret purchase of the China fleet of gunboats a week before war was actually declared ought to have made these gentlemen a little less confident. The next news that reached us, less than a fortnight after wards, was the total defeat of the British China Squadron, off Formosa, and at last our Government woke to the con viction that there was ' the devil to pay and no pitch hot ! ' Such a scene as. Sydney presented the day that this news reached us I leave to your imagination. All business was suspended, public meetings were called at the Town Hall, Exhibition-building, and other places. The Government issued special proclamations calling for volunteers and tele graphed to England for a shipload of rifles, cannon, and ammunition. The regular Volunteers were all called out for active service and were camped at South Head, Botany, and other places. The old Volunteers turned out to a man and joined the ranks, while many of us, who had had no military training, formed ourselves into bands of sharp shooters under our own officers — in fact we could have got plenty of men had we only had arms to put in their hands ; but tie place was cleared'of all descriptions of fire-arms in Iceb than Bis hours after the news reached us, and blasting powder went up to 3s. 6d. a pound ! For my part, our form having a few cases of second-hand American breech loaders for Island trade, I started a corps on my owa hook, and we announced in the Herald that we would distribute arms and uniform as far as they would go to any one joining the corps, and before 12 o'clock that morning we had enrolled and armed 100 men and sent away about an equal number for whom we had no weapons. My corns consisted almost entirely of young fellows from the various banks and offices — full of spirit and determination. TVe only went to busi ness in the forenoon, all the afternoon being given up to drilling ; but as we only tried to get up such] simple ma noeuvres as would enable us to march on and oS the field and take up a position without getting in each other's way, our principal drill consisted of rifle practice, in which, most of us knowing already how to handle a gun, we soon became very proficient. Our uniform consisted of stripe trousers and blue tunic, with a peak cap. I bought a few old horses, which we provided with freeh Eaddles for the Commissariat. Your old friend Joe Johneon took charge of this department, and my lieutenants were Tom Scott and Bill Long, both old chums of yours. We were at first unattached to any brigade until we should have passed in our drill, but we started a camp under canvas on the South Head Read, between Bondi and the light house, near Rose Bay, and there we marched every Friday night, till Monday morning ; Saturday being a half-day we didn't come into business at all ; indeed this was no loss to the business, as you can well imagine there was nothing doing, everybody being completely paralysed. My partner J. looked after tie house with our lad and a boy, and an old decrepit 6to reman, the .others all being in the field — one in the artillery, another in the Naval Reserve, and a couple in my corps. I shall never forget my sensation when we marched out to camp for the first time. We fell in in town, our half dozen pack horses bringing np_ the rear, and I marched our fellow6 up to the top of the hill, while 1 went down to bid ray wife good bye. Poor little woman! Since our marriage I had never been a night away from home. Her eyes filled with tears end her lips trembled, but bless her little heart, she was very brave, and hugging me extra affectionately to her heart the poor girl said nothing. About a month after the news of the battle of ' For mosa,' the excitement having somewhat subsided, we were all startled by the boom, boom, of heavy guns from the direction of the Heads. It was early in the morning, and a thick mist lay over the harbour. I hurriedly dressed, and scarcely taking my breakfast rushed into town. All sorts of rumours were* afloat, and the streets were alive with a surging crowd of anxious, eager human beings. The Russians have come ! An ironclad is off the Heads trying to get in ! — such were the exclamations heard on all sides. At last it transpired that' the Ly-ee-Moon that morning on her way up from Melbourne, in a dense fog had suddenly discovered hereelf in the middle of a fleet of vessels, which she at once guessed was the hostile fleet, — owing to the fog she could not make out the number of the enemy, but luckily 6he was not at first observed, her long low form and peculiar build giving her the appearance of one of their own gun or despatch boats. 'With admirable presence of mind, Captain X., instead of turning tail full speed so as to draw observation upon himself, continued under easy steam, and gently slipped through the squadron. At last he was observed, and a couple of the enemy's gunboats gave chase, but the Ly-ee-Moon showed a clean pair of heels ; and, though she was twice bulled, and one of her funnels carried away, she stuck bravely to it, and finally escaped, drawing the enemy right under the guns of the South Head before they would relinquish their prey. Indeed it was afterwards ascertained that, had it not been for the escape of the Ly-ee-Moon with the intelligence of the enemy's where abouts, a bold attempt would have been made to take us by surprise. A great number of coal ships, wool ships, and coasting steamers had been captured by the Russian fleet, and the intention was to 6end those vessels, crammed with Russian soldiers, quietly into the port, take the batteries unawares, and admit the enemy's war ships, when, despite all our preparations, we should have wakened up one morn ning and found ourselves powerless ! But this design was now frustrated. And so it had come at last ! The enemy, in strong force, apparently was off our coasts — each man firmly set his teeth and. prepared for the inevitable conflict. 1 repaired to the dep6t of our battalion, for in the meantime our corps had been 'attached to the 3rd administrative battalion of Royal Volunteers, and received orders to report myself and corps as speedily as possible at our head-quarters, near La Perouse, where it formed part of the left wing of our little army camped all along the shores of Botany Bay. The town was in a dreadful state of ferment — volunteere rushing to their regimental head-quarters, and assembling in squads prior to marching out to the field— little boys running about with fresh edi tions of the Herald and Telegraph containing an account of the ' Ly-ee-Moon's ' adventures — bill stickers busy post ing Government proclamations and regimental orders on every wall, and all was bustle and excitement. As yet nothing was known as to the force of the enemy. Our in formation from outside sources was very meagre, and all the Ly-ee-Moon could tall us was vague. There were not wanting manjr, however, who laughed at the idea of there being more than a few cruisers of the enemy, and none of us absolutely realized the extreme gravity of our position. The British squadron happened to be in Sydney harbour at the time, having just returned from a reconnoitring cruise in search of the expedition supposed to have been directed against us. It consisted of the Wolverene (flag ship) , Emerald, Danae,and Cormorant — besides these the New South Wales Government had purchased four of the best coasting steamers, which had been fitted up as gunboats, viz., the City of Adelaide, City of Melbourne, Elamang, Clar ence, and Leura. Of these the Elamang and Leura had been strengthened forward, filled with pig iron, and fitted as rams. Just as I was mounting my horse to proceed eut to camp, a rumour got abroad that our ships were getting steam up to encounter the Russians, of whom it was hoped they could give a good account. Leaving Lieutenant Scott to muster the men and hurry them out to camp, I galloped off, calling at home for my uniform and arms. I was greatly relieved to find my wife had gone to her relatives, as I dreaded the scene that might have taken place now that I was fairly off on active service, and leaving a message of assurance for her, telling her of the fleet being ordered out, and the hopes we had of defeating the foe at the threshold, and hastily kissing the babies, I proceeded with all speed to the camp. Long was there in charge, and having plenty of stores on hand, and about 25 men, we were not long in striking our tents and packing the horses, and now only waited the arrival of the rest of our men to get en route for La Perouse. The weather was lovely and clear though very hot — from the high position of our camp we could see away out to sea on the one hand, and away up the harbour on the other. Far out to sea, whose bosom was gently ruffled by a north-easter, we could see a bank of smoke on the horizon ; the enemy's cruisers, no doubt, and about two o'clock in the afternoon we saw our squadron proceeding down the harbour, the Wolverene leading and the others following in close order. It was a gallant sight ; the ships seemed in perfect order, topmasts housed, and all ready for action, and cheer after cheer broke from our little band as the squadron slowly steamed out towaidsthe Heads. Lieutenant Scott had by this time arrived with the men, and falling in we marched rapidly off in the direction of Botany Bay. When we got into the main road, we found it crowded with bands of spldiery proceeding in the same direction, trains of ammunition waggons, and commissariat carts. The scene was one of great confusion, butcheerful withal. The men seeped in excellent spirits, some singing ' Rule Britannia ' as they marched along, and every now and again breaking into a ringing cheer, which v?as very exciting and exhilarating to hear. At last we reached head quarters; I reported myself to the commanding officer, and was instructed to camp on the flat overlooking the beach at La Perouse, our duty being to prevent the enemy landing, should by any chance such an attempt be made. Close to us was a battery of field artillery, and a considerable body of infantry, and to our rear the road lead ing from La Perouse to the Randwick Road and thence to Moore Park and Sydney. We were now tolerably expert at pitching tents, and not many minutes after reaching the ground I had my little corps comfortably encamped, pickets posted, fires lit, and preparations made for the evening meal. Just then our genera!, who commanded the field forces, the Permanent Force being fully employed in manning the various forts, galloped up with his small staff. After in specting the whole of our position he asked if there was any one sufficiently well mounted to carry a despatch to the officer in command at Watson's Bay. My men all being encamped, I volunteered to do this myself, and a few minutes afterwards I found my self full gallop on the road to the Heads with the general's despatch, which had been hurriedly written on a drum head. I had been the more eager to undertake this piece of service, as heavy firing could now be heard out to sea ward, and 1 was consumed with curiosity and anxiety to know how it fared with our gallant squadron, and thus it was that I became a spectator of what has since been known as the 'Battle of Bondi.' As I reached the high land which skirts our coasts I had a view out to sea as far as the eye could reach. Some miles to the eastward could be seen a great cloud of smoke rolling upward, pierced by red flashes of fire, while a continuous roll ot heavy artillery was heard. I could see very little of the ships, as fighting was evidently going on at close quarters, occasionally a vessel emerged from the gloom only to drift again into the canopy of smoke, and even with my glasses I could not make out whether any such individual' ship was friend or foe. I pushed on rapidly for the Heads, keeping a good look-out to seaward all the time. Once the heavy cloud of smoke lifted, blown aside by a sudden gust of wind, which had been greatly lulled by the heavy firing. It was an exciting moment ; I could make out the Wolverene and Danac, the foremast of the hitter shot away, and only the mizenmast of the former standing ; they seemed to be making a running fight of it, and closing in towards the Heads, but in a moment the deep pall of smoke had covered them agaia and I could see nothing more but the fierce flashes of light which every moment pierced the gloom. When I drew my horse up, panting and covered with foam, in front of the South Head - Battery and handed my despatch to the officer in command, the mass of smoke which concealed the combatants, and 1 had been drifting in first towards Bondi and thence towards the South Head, had nearly come within reach of our guns — a group of officers were gazing out to sea with telescopes and field glasses, all anxiously ? speculating on the issue of the fight. Suddenly a brilliant flame shot up to heaven followed by a terrific explosion, and almost immediately after the firing ceased, except an occasional 6hot, and the breeze blew away the cloud of smoke as if it had been the curtain of a theatre. What a scene was there ! The Wolverene was no more to be seen, —one frightful catastrophe— she had blown up, and not a man on board of her escaped. What was left of our little fleet lav crippled on the waves, most of them without a stick or funnel standing, while the enemy's gunboats kept firing an . occasional shot from their heavy guns which was but feebly replied to by our men. But our interest was centered upon one ship, evidently roughly handled, all her masts shot away, her ensign, attached to her funnel, which, though pierced with shot holes, still stood erect, and which was making the best of her way towards the Heads pursued by three of the enemy's vessels. As she came near we recognised the little ? Danae, and now the guns of the fort opened, out on the ? pursuers ; the huge shot skipped over the water, leaping in : front, behind, and over the enemy, but still they would not relinquish their prey, but every now and again a flash-' and puff of smoke would 6how thiit their bow-chasers were at work, and a shell would occasionally explode on board the Danae, while she seemed unable to return a shot. At last we saw the foremast of the first Russian vessel topple over, and a ringing cheer broke from our men as another of our huge shot struck her amidships, and she drifted a. wreck on the water. The other two cruisers now sheered off out of range, and our guns continued to fire at the Russian, when it was noticed she had struck. Firing ceased — instructions were sent to Watson's Bay to send out the 'Captain Cook' and it was now observed the Danac was flying the Union Jack reversed. She was rolling heavily from side to side, and was evidently on tho point of founderinjr. Turning from her to look at the Russian we found she1 had disappeared — both ships had had every boat shot away as they could do nothing themselves towards saving life. As the ' Captain Cook' got within a quarter of a mile of the Danae, we noticed the latter give a heavy lurch to port, then righting settle gradually down. Wo were near enough to see the men running about — all ran aft to the quarter deck and as her stern rose in the air, and the water came over her bows, rushing up the deck, we heard a . ringing British cheer ascend to heaven from the cluster of men at the stern, and in a moment the gallant ' Danae ' had gone down. Half an hour afterwards the pilot steamer returned, bringing ashore about 30 men and officers rescued from tho ? Danae, and 10 saved from the Russian vessel, the ? Naycs dnik, who were all that could be discovered floating' about. I stayed only long enough to learn that the enemy's force consisted of over 15,000 men on. board, somo 15 or 20 stenm transports, with a naval squadron of four large frigates, an ironclad, six corvettes, and 12 gunboats.. It was some satisfaction to learn that beside tho corvette we had sunk from tho Heads, two of the enemy's gunboats and one frigate had been sunk. Of our own- force, only three had struck, and these were in a sinking condition, two ? had been sunk by torpedoes, two blown up, and the remain der had gone down gallantly with all on board, the Britinh ensign flying to the last, after a most determined resistance to superior numbers and metal. I carried a despatch to_ tho effect back to head-quarters, and you can imagine with with a heavy heart I retraced my way towards Botany — the crush ing intelligence of such an overwhelming force -being upon me weighing on my bosom. It was now dark, and I picked my way back by the camp ? fires that gleamed in the distance, and that dotted the road at irregular intervals. A6 I handed the despatch to the general, I had to hide my_ face to conceal my emotion. After he had read it, he turned palo and . his lip trembled. '* God's will be done,' ho exclaimed, ' There is nothing now for it, gentlemen,, but to die like men.' The gravity of our position will becouie apparent to you when I mention the forces at our disposal to repel the formidable expedition now off our coasts. The scheme of defence proposed by Sir W, Jervois, admirable as it was as against an attack made by a squadron of three or four ? frigates, capable of landing some 1200 or 1400 men, was not calculated to repel an attack made by ten times that number. And even his recommendations had not been fully carried out. No ironclad, or small fleet of fast gunboats carrying each one heavy piece had been provided, and thus the essential part of his scheme had been omitted. Bass Island had never been fortified. After the declaration of war, the defences which had been in course of erection in a halt hearted sort of way, were hurriedly and very imperfectly completed, but they were far from being as suiiicienfc as had at first been contemplated. Moreover, it was found that when we had provided for the defence of Port Jackson by torpedoes and submarine mines : when we had laid down mechanical mines at the entrance to Botany Bay, we had-. taxed to the uttermost tbe resources of our Torpedo Corps, and had but four men andlittlemateual to spare for the defence ? of Broken Bay and the Hawkesbury, whose enormous importance only now struck us with such tremendous force. Sir W. Jervois had recoiled from proposing the fortification of this important inlet, owing to the great expense it would have entailed, and it was now seen that, supposing once an enemy had possession of the entrance, it was no such difficult matter to introduce considerable bodies of men. into the extreme vicinity of Sydney, making use of boats, towed by steam launches, up the deep water inlets, notably Pittwater and Cowan Creek. Nay, provided the enemy were only strong enough, and possessed sufficient materials, it was well known there was nothing much to prevent their appearing at Windsor, a few hours, comparatively, after the entrance had been forced. To defend our long line of sea board we had managed to muster up a force for some 4003 men. About 1000 consisting of tbe Permanent Artillery, and the Volunter garrison artillerv were employed in manning ou batteries, leaving about 3000 for field work. Of these 3000, about 300 were field artillery with a very respectable lot of m guns and horses, both men and horses rather imperfectly' trained, leaving an available force of infantry of some 270 men in all, 1000 of whom consisted of sharpshooters o volunteer bands of riflemen such as the one which I mysel commanded. Had it been possible to concentrate all this force at one point where alone an attack might be made, we should hav had little fear of the result, no matter what force was brought against us, but unfortunately when it was ascertained that a vastly formidable expeditionhad been organized, it was found absolutely necessary to do something in the way of defend ing Broken Bav, and so over 500 men, who could ill b? epared from the Botany defence scheme, were detailed for the service. The arrangements, as far as they went, were most admirably planned. Rifle pits were dug at Pittwater, at the head of Cowan Creek and Shell Beach. Manly, capable of being defended by a small body of men — a couple of field guns were stationed at each place— and Barrenjoey Heads mounted a battery of the heaviest guns we had avail able. Besides this, several large eteam launches (such ae the Britannia, Prince of Wales, &e.;) had been purchased by Government, each mounting a email gun capable of throwing ehelle and a Gatling gun, and these patrolled the waters of Broken Bay and the Hawkesbury. But the fact still remained— our means were utterly inadequate to successfully beating-off an expedition such as now menaced us, and you can therefore, understand the sinking at the heart that overcame all those who had.studied the subject, though I must say the rank and file as a rule did not share my fore bodings, and the men were mostly in excellent spirits and confident of success. Writing as I do in the light of recent events, it seems strange our rulers should never have seriously contemplated the possibility of a considerable squadron overpowering or eluding our fleet in the China seas and attacking our coasts ! Por months and months before war was declared HusEia had been quietly withdrawing her fleet from JEnropean waters to those of the Pacifio etrengthening her fleet than by such new and improved corvettes as the Rusdrynik and Nayesdnick, while England wos satisfied with maintaining in these seas a very inferior class of vessels, quite unfit, as a whole, to cope with either of the vessels named, or even with the China fleet of gun boats, which, as you are aware, became Russian properly shortly before war was actually declared. It seems strange that Entrland ceuld not even learn by the naval actions in the war between Chili and Peru, the extreme advantage of speed and long range artillery, even if only one gun, over more numerous but less powerful batteries. It was the old story of the war of 1812 over again, when America taught us the advantage of ' long tomB,' as opposed to our rows of antiquated earronades ! One would have thought the colonies, being so vitally interested in the ques tion, would themselves have purchased a few ships capable of coping with anything Russia could send against us ; but no, incredible as it now seems, nothing of the sort happened. Victoria amused herself with her Cerberus, while New South Wales had a naval brigade without even a ship, and a precious mess we made of it ! will it be believed when I tell you that, to save the expense of ammunition, our Artillery Corps had to go through most of their gun drill in dumb show ? That that most scientific of all services, the Torpedo service, was left to a Volunteer corps V It seems a truism now to say that the Volunteer Artillery should not have existed as a sepa rate corps, but should have been drafted into the Permanent Artillery during the training times, to bring the strength of that body up to a war footing ; that the Artillery, instead of being pestered with Governor's guard and such duty, should have been permanently located at the various forts, and allowed sufficient ammunition to make their ranges certain ; that, if it were a necessity to have a Governor's guard, to man Dawcs Battery, and to inhabit the Paddington Barracks, use as 'well as ornament could have been secured by the enrolling of a 6mall force of highly- trained infantry, ?which would have served as an admirable nucleus for the Volunteer Fort. I say all these are truisms now, but before the war the man who enunciated such notions would have been called impertinent by some, and accused by others of wantonly wishing to waste the resources of the State, to squander the taxes wrung from the hard earnings of the working man ! But to return to my story. After leaving head quarters I got as quickly as possiblo back to camp, where my return was anxiously expected by al), but especially by my lieutenants. They had all heard the heavy firing out at sea, but though rumours had already circulated intbecamp of some great disaster, no one believed how crushing a one it had been till my return put them in possession of the facts, lhat night was, I think, the most miserable one I ever spent— wrapped in my cloak I sat by tlic fire dozing and musing, but never actually falling into a sound sleep. My mind wandered to the terrible conflict of the dav before, then to the dear ones I had left at home, and despair seemed to settle on me as I thought of the morrow. The scene on which in my fits of wakef ulness I gazed was ono of surpassing beauty. Before me stretched the waters of Botany Bav rolling lazily in from the ocean, the white foam caused by (heir breaking on the rocks to my right gleaming in the darkness. Far across the bay I could make out the South Head and the quiet sheltered reach where Cook had landed a hundred years ago, while a little to my left the tents of our artillery dotted the green hill on which the ill fated La Perouse had camped — the last spot he was known to have visited on earth. Bass Island frowned beyond, the electric light shining from the batteries erected there sent forth a ghastly glare to seaward, shining on the guns which peeped from the embrasures, and throwing the forms of the sentinels into bas-relief as they went their rounds and came within its rays. Around all was still. — The night was clear and starlit, and towards midnight the moon rose, bathing the landscape in a f.oft lovely light, and streaking with silver the peaceful waters of Ihebay. Heavens ! was it possible that man was going to desecrate this holy calm, that death and destruc tion would descend upon this lovely scene ! Then, when I turned to look along the shore, my eye would catch the glow of our watch fires along the line of camps, and every now and then the ' All's well ' of the sentinels would break upon my ear, and then I would fall into another fitful doze, until at last (he shrill Bound of the reveille broke upon my car, summoning us all to prepare— for what ?— Alas ! that day, the 23rd December, would soon tell ! While breakfast was being prepared and before day had actually dawned, we were 1 usy improving our position. We had good cover naturally, and by throwing up intrench wentB — rough earth works — here and there, we made a good cover for ourselves, while our rifles covered the land ing place below, where one hundred years ago La Perouse had carried his ships. A couple of hours sufficed to com plete what had been begun the evenin g before, and break fast having been taken we were ready for whatever might happen. We had not long to wait. About 7 o'clock the enemy appeared oil the Heads, while a furious cannonade was opened oft' Bondi, shells being thrown thence into the city — we cculd see them breaking over the eastern suburbs, and this piece of savagery was the first inkling of what we had to expect from our gallant enemies. It took about two hours to force the Heads. The ironclad came first, hove to some distance from the heads and began operations with the Lay Torpedo, a wonderful American invention, capable of pro gression on the surface or under the water to any required distance and directed and controlled by electricity from the attacking ship. Our mines were soon'found and exploded in all directions, while the guns we were able to brin' to bear on the ironclad were quite unable to seriously damoge her, and, moreover, our batteries were exposed to a heavy cannonade from the enemy's fleet. But the passaee was not forced without loss, two steamers being sunk— one a pinboat sunk by our gallant little torpedo boats Acheron and Avernus, which were stationed in Botany Bay. but which were both sunk in the attack, and one a captured coasting steamer sunk by the explosion of a mine which had befn nussed by the enemy's torpedoes. While the fleet were passing through the Heads, several oi our captured merchant steamers came first, to draw the fire ll»Z 8'1! '^ to e,xPlode tte nine8 that 'feW; have escaped the torpedoes, but once the Heads were forced, the gun-boats and corvettes steamed along the bay opening ^'^toey passed, behind them «'!'- the transport* «Cr?? ^red 6Vips- meIlofi the village of BotanyVwe boldlv ™« eV\ral of the8e laBhed toeether aQd they were the -hLlT ,aSore on fbB flats ia frottt of «» village Ind in XrfnF of 1th6 bay- U beiBK *--* *°P of hi6tt ^ater. The wo amwV enemy was now apparent-the captured ships as Sr rre PTOte-*ed by bales of wool piled up to ait shore and « ' 6tages were ri6K«l from the ships to the anchor^ It, «? ^n were conveyed from the transports now whencVtiiL j y ' first Put on board tbe stranded ships, all ttatim \ ? avoured to make toeir way to the shore— the gunboats ff supPortcd b? a terrible fire of shell from eih^nl^n fin0tima£ke that tUs wa8 done fiQlont °PP°' merriW ? coutrary, our fellows were blazing away very field aVfii contlnuous rattle of musketry was kept up, the thev tri ? i T7. threw 6he11 into the midst of the troons as outon l mnd with deadly effect; twice did fire burst i But mi ill °-f toe stranded vessels, but both times it was j effect «i 7a- lrdefenders. Still they had not been able to I Onrf ?indm?' and ie was P*6* I2 °'clock. ! art illi»ir ? J dld not 6uffer very seriously from the enemy's | *W? » .nfle-pits and entrenchments had been thrown up, oSS 4v mfantry kept up a galling fire without ! n7™t ^?- toemselves much; our field-artillery suffered ' imfti JIJ1* nece8sarily more exposed ; but still we had not j *h» Iv ? * anv «'»* extent, and cheer after cheer rose when ' i™t«*'fire. But it was not over yet! , u lIU8 'me our part of the action had been merely pas- ' sive ; a few shells had been fired at us as the fleet passed up the bay, which had been returned by the tield-battery to our right, but there had been no opportunity for the riflemen, and none of our fellows had been hit by the enemy's shell. But 6oon we observed a couple of vessels, a corvette and a gunboat, take up a position in front of us. Shortly the shells came whizzing over us, exploding round us in all directions, sometimes the ships came as close up to our position as the depth of water would allow them, and then we heard the firing of the bullets from the Kribnunkrauz gun, an in vention something like the Gatling gun used in the British Navy; but the most disquieting missile of all, was that fired from a new invention of a Swedish engineer, which shot a succession of small shells with dreadful rapidity, and did terrible execution wherever our men were exposed. Wa were supported by the batteries on Bass Island which had not been altogether silenced. The guns were under good cover, thrown up some time previously, while the infantry stuck close to their rifle pits, so our loss was not so heavy as might have been expected, but still a few of our fellows were down, and here and there a red or blue dot on the heath showed where one of our infantiy or artillery had fallen. I dare say you will be curious to know how I felt for the first lime under fire! Well, I must admit at the beginning 1 felt nervous. The shriek of the shells as they tore through the air, the crash when they burst, the ping- ping of the bullets whizzing past us, and above all the dull thud when they struck some unhappy comrade — all these sounds filled the mind with apprehension ; but the feeling wore off aB we ourselves got into action and got heated with excite ment, and by the end of the day we were exposing ourselves more recklessly perhaps than veteran troops would have done. After the enemy's vessels had kept up a brisk cannonade for some half-an-hour, a transport took up a position be tween them, boats were lowered, and men were making their way towards the landing-place— some towed by steam-launches, and some rowed by sailors. Now was our time, and calling on our fellows to reserve their fire, take good aim, and fire low, I prepared to do our best. As the boats got within good easy range, -we opened on them with terrible effect; the artillery made some good practice, sinking a couple of them be fore they reached the shore; but still they pushed on, and as the boats grounded the soldiers leaped out into the water up to their waists, and endeavoured to form upon the beach. But with the fire of artillery (grape and shell) and continuous musketry, this was impossible. 'We mowed them down in scores, while they were only able to return a most ineffectual fire, and at last we had the satisfaction of seeing them waver and make a rush back to the boats ; some managed to push off, but never reached the ships. The boats were very much knocked about by our fire, and they all sank before they got many yards from the shore. The beach was strewn with little blue heaps, and the waves were tinged with blood, and the few that escaped did so by swimming back to the ships. We took a few prisoners in this affair, the rank and file, mostly young stolid-looking fellows ; one officer, a handsome lad, sur rendered to me, and spoke to me in French as he handed me his sword. When I said a few words to him on Jus condi tion, he smiled, shrugged his shoulders, and with a non chalant air replied, ' C'est la guerre ! — et du reste, nous avons bientot notre revanche.' After being disarmed, the prisoners were formed in line and marched to the rear, and I can hardly describe to you the mixed feelings with which we gazed upon the faces of these foreigners, dropped as it were from the clouds, without any provocation from us, to carry havoc and misery to our peaceful happy shores. The cheers with which we greeted our exploit had hardly died away when I observed a horseman gallop up to the battery of artillery and say something to the officer in command; he then went off at full speed to the commander of the infantry, and galloping back, reined his horse in front of us. I scarcely recognised our spuce friend Thomson in the du6ty blood-stained man before me, but I had little time to take stock of his appearance. 'Orders from the general,' he cried, ' abandon the position at once, and take up ground along with the 3rd battalion of infantry, at the junction of the La Perouse and Botany roads.' 'Well, Thomson,' cried I, 'what's up, how goes iff' 'Hallo, is it you.' replied he, ?' devilish bad, the enemy has landed in force at low tide, our left is forced back into Botany, and our centre is hard pursued, we must keep them out of the Moore Park road if we can. Good bye, God bless you,' and he was off! He had hardly gone twenty yards when 1 saw a shell burst right over him; throwing up his arms he fell, his horse falling with him, to rise no more. But we had no time to waste in regrets fur any individual. The artillery was already limbered up, and galloping off in the direction of Moore Park. The red coats of the infantry were disappearing at the double over the hill, and hastily forming, we were not long behind them; followed, as you may imagine, by a hot fire from our friends the ships, whose attack we had frustrated. Arrived at the junction of the roads, which as you know lies very high, we could see away down into Botany Bay, and the moor country lying between us and it. A cloud of smoke hung over the lower part of the valley, and we could see' our fellows retiring and firing as they fell back while a wreath of Bmoke in a long line, curlingabout like a snake, showed the line of the Russian advance. The regular field battery had already taken up a position, and was actively pitching case shot into the advancing enemy, and when the Volunteer Artillery had unlimbered and opened fire, so hot a cannonade was kept up that our defeated infantry was ablo to retire at the double, and reform behind the line which we had by this time formed. On came the foe in extended order, in a succession of runs and stops, each time getting nearer and nearer us, keeping up (the while) a hot fire at long range. The enemy's field artillery hnd now got into play, and the ships in the bay were doing their best to shell us in support of their troops. Our men were beginning to fall fast, and the enemy's lino was getting nearer and nearer, though from the nature of the ground rapid approach was impossible. The Russian Infantry had now come so close that we could make out indi viduals, and the rifle fire was becoming hotter and hotter. The artillery from the ships now ceased firing, and it was evident our position was to be carried by assault. We could see masses of the enemy marching up the lower part of the valley, deploying into line and opening fire as they came within range. The advance continued as before in jerks, till wo could make out the faces of the men in the front lines. All this time we were keeping up a terrible fire ; the Russians were losing immense num bers of men, but as to what was happening to ourselves I really cannot say, as the fury of battle had taken posses sion of me. I only remember seeing the dark line of the foe getting near and nearer till at last a final rush was made. We saw the bayonets glitter, our rifles were so hot we could hardly hold them ; the enemy's line kept wavering and withering before us, but still advancing ; and then I remember a sea of fierce faces, flashing eyes, gleaming bayonets. I heard hoarse yells, replied to by British cheers. I remember seeing our fellows trying to beat down the bayonets with the butt-endB of their muskets (for we had no bayonets on our rifles). I remember shooting an officer within three paces of me with my revolver, for I had abandoned my rifle ; and then I knew no more. When I returned to consciousness it was nearly dark, and I wa6 brought to life by the cool dripping of water on my face. It was raining, and a cool southerly was blowing. I could not make out at first where I was, and putting my hand up to my head which ached terribly, I withdrew it all covered with blood. I tried to sit up, but found I could not owing to a weight over my knees — gradually my senses returned as the coel southerly and refreshing rain re-invigorated me, and I remembered what had happened. Raising myself on my elbow I saw it was the dead body of a Russian prevented my rising, with a great.effort I rolled the body away, and after a rest got up on my feet ; a sharp pain in my left foot made me drop down again, and then 1 observed my shoe I and the foot of my trousers were saturated with blood.- I | had a bayonet wound in the foot. Tying my handkerchief tightly above the wound, and after taking a drink from my flask, *I sat ud this time and looked about me. The tide of war had rolled far away from where I was, and I could only hear the rattle of musketry away in the distance. Looking in the direction of Sydney I could see a cloud of smoke, and knew the battle was raging there. All around me lay the bodies of those that had fallen, many red coats, more Russians — several of our blue tunics, a dismounted gun, while all around the dismal groaning of the wounded filled the air. Just then I heard the tramp of men, I could Bee a body of Russians marching along the road which lay some four hundred yards to my left, evidently reinforcements going to the front. I discreetly lay down again till they had passed. Soon I heard the tramp of horses and looking towards the road saw a body of lancers galloping towards the city. I could make out the officer in command riding at the head of his men— just then I observed the figure of a man in the uniform of the Highland Corps about 20 yards down the road from where I lay rise from a heap of dead and wounded. Heappeared badly wounded, as he frequently put his hand to his side ; he was resting on his knees and his right hand held a rifle. A6the body of cavalry came abreast of where he was, I saw him raise his rifle, take aim and fire. The officer in front of the cavalry corps reeled in his saddle. Immediately a squad of the lancers left the road and galloped in the direction of the Highlander, who I now saw was an aged man with a gray beard. As the band of lancers approaching him he raised his rifle a second time and another saddle was emptied. With a yell the lancers rushed upon him, he was transfixed by half-a-dozen lances at once, and with a shout, '? Hurrah, for Glenochil!' the old Highlander met his fate. Poor old fellow! I suppose he was crazy with his wounds. I lay particularly close after this, as I could see the Cossacks sending their lances into any of the British wounded who were lying near. After waiting a short while I staggered to mv feet, and though I felt very faint and weak, determined to try and reach the citv. As 1 was setting off to cross the moor in the direction of the road from Botany to Sydney, I wasarr;stedby a groan and a cry, ' Captain, captain,' I looked round, and saw Craig, one of our sergeants. In a moment I was beside him. Poor fellow, he had left a wife and a couple of children the day before at Balmain. He was lying on his back, holding his hand near his chest from which a dark stream of blood was flowing as he breathed. ' Captain,' he whispered, ' I am dying, if you get back, give this to Lizzie, and say my last thought was of her;' and he handed me a photograph of his wife, saturated with blood. I tried to comfort him, gave him drink from mv flask, but all to no Eurpose, in a few moments he breathed his last, olding my hand. Placing the photograph in my bosom, I staggered off on my way to Sydney. How I reached it I shall never know, but at last I struck the Botany Road, and getting a lift from a man who had a cart full of wounded, about ten o'clock at night I reached Hyde Park, where the surgeons were operating under canvas. I went in and had my wounds dressed, and while being attended to the surgeon told me how the day had gone. It appeared the enemy had been victorious all along the line. Our right had been forced back on Botany, our centre crushed, and our left thrown broken into Randwick and Waverley, where they had been obliged to surrender. The barracks at Paddington had been taken bv assault, and the enemy was in possession of all the country in a line from Bo any to Paddington, Woollahra, and Double Bay. My great object wa6 to reach, home that night ; and so, thanking the surgeon and accepting the crutch he offered me, I found my way down to the Circular Quay. The streets of Sydney were crowded, women rushing about crying and wringing their hands, anxious groups of men discussing the news, all combined to mature a picture most impressive to the imagination, and which lives in my recollection like the hauntings of an evil dream. On reach ing the Circular Quay I found a party of infantry camped there with arms piled — going up to their camp fire, I recog nised the officer in command as an old acquaintance. He told me he was just waiting for a couple of steam launches to transport his men to Watson's Bay, whither reinforce ments were being Eent. He belonged to the reserve, and had only taken part in the last couple of hours' fight, and was able to tell me the latest news. The enemy had suc ceeded without much trouble apparently in finding their way into Broken Bay, and the weather being calm had also effected a landing at Shell Beach, Manly. This village had been occupied by the enemy early in the day, and the greater portion of it destroyed by fire. Towards four in the afternoon the Russians appeared in force on the North Shore. Our batterieB on George's and Middle Heads had been taken in reverse ; and after a gallant defence, had been taken by assault, though it was reported that the greater number of the guns had been spiked or rendered useless before being captured. Bad news indeed ; our cause now seemed hopeless, and my friend seemed to look upon the reinforcing of Watson's Bay as a useless piece of business, and our utter annihila tion as a foregone conclusion. He very kindly offered to tow me as far as Darling Point in a waterman's skiff, then to cast me off to find my way to shore as bept I might. I gladly accepted his offer, and taking1 the loan of a boat that lay moored at the Prince's Stairs, I was glad to make fast the painter to the launch which now came up, and was soon on my way down the harbour. As we went along the well-known headlands, I could make out the British outposts in Darling hurst, the most advanced being at the head of Upper William -street, where a battery of field artillery commanded Rushcutter's Bay. The enemy were encamped on the opposite point, a field battery being posted at the junction of the Darling Point and Double Bay roads, the guns being planted on the lawns of Messrs. Erwan and Watson, thence commanding the approaches from Sydney. The Russian troops occupied a line from the Paddington Barracks, along Woollahra to Double Bay. When off the point the launch stopped, and I shook hands with my friend and bade him adieu, pulling cautiously in shore — but we had been heard, and a shell from the watch ful battery buiBt not far from us, without however doing any damage. You know fhe steep road that leads from Bank's cottage up to the Darling Point Road. Well, I never shall know how I got up it. My head was aching and bleeding, and I could hardly hobble up from the pain of my foot. Every step or two I bad to cling to the fence for support, but at last I managed it, and with a beating heart approached my own house. The moon was now struggling up, and tipped with silver the well-known gables. All was still. As I opened the gate, which went back with a click, the noise sounded almost unearthly, and I hesitated to go forward. I reached the verandah— the windows ; the door was open, with a sickening feeling at my heart I staggered in ; I tripped against a heap of rubbish and clung to the wall for support. The drawing-room door was open, what a sight was there ! The moon shone through a huge hole in the ceiling ; blackened walls, smashed furniture, the traces of fire, all told me what had happened— a shell had fallen through our bedroom and into the dining-room below, killing, no doubt, all I loved in the \iorld in its explosion, and with a cry of agony I fainted. When I came to myself I was lying in the hall. The cat was purring and rubbing herself against me. Mechan ically I found my way into the dining-room. You know our little menage, the whiEky was there and the gazogen, as usual. I helped myself liberally, and gradually my thoughts returned. Revived by the whisky I began to think all hope was not gone. I could find no traces' of anv one in the house, alive or dead. What more natural than that they had gone over to the Oaks, my father in-law's place, at the other side of the Point. Revived at thought, I took another pull at the bottle, and with many a groan hobbled off to the Oaks. I got there— when, I don't know — but I did reach it. As I got nearer and nearer the door my steps faltered and my courage failed me. I dared not pull the bell. I sat down on the verandah chair and looked about me. Away down the harbour I could see the South Head lit up like day by the electric light ; at my feet lay Double Bay, the moon making a 6hiny track across it, while below I could see the camp fires of the Russians, their sentries passing to and fro. At last I summoned all my courage and pulled thebell. It clanged terribly through the still night. I leant breath leES against the door post. After a while I heard scuffling and whispering ; ' Who's there,' in a trembling irresolute voice. 'It's me!' cried I, in rep!y. 'Sure it's the master,' I heard said in the strong Irish accent of our cook ' Sure its himself or his ghost.' And immediately after I heard the unlocking of the door and the drawing back of the chain, the door was opened by Biddy, as I expected, who held a candle in her hand. On seeing my pale face and blood stained bandages, she started back and nearly dropped. ' Oh, master, dear, sure is it yourself ; are ye kilt entirely ?' ' I'm all right, but the mistress and' the children, are they safe?' ' Sure and they are, sor.and in the cellar at this blessed minute. Thanks be to the Lord for that same,' — but I heard no more. I had fainted again, but this time for happiness ! Why should I prolong the melancholy story ? I shall be brief. Next day I was awakened by the deep booming of heavy guns, and, from the verandah, through the telescope could see the attack on Watson's Bay, and the storming o the South Head batteries. By 12 o'clock on Christinas Day several of the enemy's fleet were moored in Farm Cove, with guns pointed on Government House and the public buildings, and Sydney was defenceless at the foot of her foes. On our present condition I shall not enlarge. Our losses in the war were heavy, every one wears mourning, and hardly a family but mourns the loss of some one dear to them. Business is ruined, and what little is doing is transacted entirely with paper money, all the bullion con tained in the vaults of the banks having been shipped to Russia by one of their fastest steamers. The Governor, and all the officers of the PennanentForce, and regular Volunteers, were likewise sent away as prisoners along with all our captured small arms, and my first trip into town after the surrender was to say good-bye to our old friend Lieutenant Arthur, who was looking neither as stout nor as jolly as of old, but who had happily survived the fighting where many a smaller man was hit. I would have given something to have seen old Sir Henry Parkes' face when he interviewed the Russian commander with the idea of finding out how much he would take to go away, and leave us in peace, and was politely told that they had come to stop, and had no intention of leaving the beautiful country of New South Wales. Poor Watson, the Treasurer, has his ingenuity strained to the utmost to invent new taxes for the benefit of the conquerors, who quietly tax us for the cost of our capture and the subsequent maintenance of their troops. The labouring men cannot complain for want of work, as immense gangs of them are employed on railways to con nect Sydney and Newcastle, and the coal mines of Hlawarra with the metropolis — only they do not get paid for it, and their families are supported by rations issued by the Government — at our expense. The resources of the colony, too, are being developed, and the iron works of Lithgow and Nattai are busy producing pig iron to be cast into Palliser guns and shot, and puddled into rails and other material. What we should have done ourselves the Russians are doina for us — only with the difference that they will protect us from our friends. Heavy batteries are being erected at Botany Heads, Bondi, and the entrance to Broken Bay. The entrance to Botany has been narrowed by vessels laden with stones, being sunk in the fairway, and this, as well as the entrance to Broken Bay, has been guarded by proper electro-mines — the old mechanical contact torpedoes being quite obsolete in favour of modern improvements. I don't quite see how the British can force their way in, as the place seems to me now what it ought always to have been, — impregnable. There is no use crying over spilt milk, but, Oh ! if our rulers, instead of squabbling over petty matters, had only taken a statesman-like view of our position, — if, instead of trusting to England, we had depended upon ourselves— how different might things have been. An expenditure of less than a million would have made our shores impregnable to any enemy. With a few fast gunboats, with heavy guns, our coasts might have been kept free of invaders, and with a highly-trained permanent artillery and infantry force of somewhere about 1000 men, and uniforms enough to clothe, and rifles and ammunition enough on hand to arm the whole adult male population, in case of need, we should have been masters of the situation, and need never have had to face, as we now have — misery, disgrace, and ruin. This war has abundantly proved that, given a good highly-trained nucleus, and a raw material composed of men accustomed to the use of firearms, as in rifle clubs, a few weeks will give them the necessary training to take the field in such a short, sharp campaign as these colonies were ever likely to be engaged. But regrets are useless, let us try to forget the past. I have spun you such a long yarn, my dear Jack, partly because I am very full of the subject, and partly because I have nothing better to do, but when or whether it will ever reach you I am sure I cannot say. As you may imagine there are no mails to England now ! I daresay we shall soon have stirring news from Melbourne. Her port is blockaded, and the city invested from the land side by the Russian troops ; and when the reinforcements arrive, which, according to the young officer who is quartered on me are daily expected, 1 don't well see how Victoria is to prevent succumbing to our fate. Indeed I think it is likely all the colonies will suffer more or less from Russian attacks, and though we', all believe that sooner or later we shall get the upper hand, and the dear old flag wave over us again, yet some of us cannot sec how it is to come about, or what miseries may lie before us until it does. Let us hope that when it doee it will find me and mine alive and well, and hoping that you will soon be able to return to a free country, Believe me ever, Your affectionate brother, E. W. 