BUTLER'S CATECHISM. . no. xxvii. -. One good thing connected with the Mass, or "receiving the communion," is the re quirement that the recipients, shall go : with a " clean dress." This secures at least, if not the preparation of intelligence, the preparation of a little soap and water. " Cleanliness" is, the proverb says, " next . rtarl 1 1 w nnn t f 4- 1 , n m a .. a 1 . n . . n l a a UW Alj UULLUlwlwj UliylC Uw IiU virtue in " fasting from midnight," and none in the wafer, which is said to be changed " from bread into the very body, blood, soul, and divinity of Jesus Christ," there is at least some in a good scrubbing with "Allen's best crown" and some "good corporation water." If there be no Wash ing all the , week, but, Avith a view to the receiving of the Communion on Sunday mornings, there is at least some good done, according to the, sanitary la wa of soap and ; water. The little children are told that a "clean dress " is a help to a "worthy par- taking of the Communion;" and that ivdiujju nun, wuautsu .low uuu UlUilU U1BSS show our fond devotion " to " so great a Bacrament — how fortunate ! Squalor lias thus a weekly caveat from the Church ! The question is then asked— ' " What should Ave do after communion? "Wo should spend our time in : meditation and. prayers, and particularly iaacts of thanks giving." This looks very like a catch for any Protestant . Avho may happen to read " Butler ;" for the practical value of it must be very small if the conduct of Roman Catholics be taken as an illustra tion. When morning communion is over, it is easy to see how much; time i3 con sumed in meditation and. prayer. Avhen a large number of the men sot off for the . fishing, and, when a large number of , the women set about preparing Tor their Sunday dinner. As for those who delay their communion to ; the eleven o'clock Mass, it ,;is easy to j udge' ' of . their medita tion and prayer, when dinner is first, and then, .afterwards,' promenading, picnicing, . card partying, and other pleasuring are- the order of the day. If anyone Avants to knoAv what takes place "after Commu nion;" he had better go off to Papal countries, such as France and Belgium " Meditation and prayer " are quickly dis pensed Avith when the chapel is left; You Avill see - the "devout," avIio were most exemplary on their knees before the priest, in the course of a few minutes after: on the public Avalks,. and then in the theatres enjoying the fun ! Butler then goes on to the instruction about receiving Communion unworthily : " Is it a great sin. to recoive unworthily ? " Yes ; whosoever receives unworthily shall , be guilty of .the body and blood' of tho Lord and eats judgment, that is, damnation to himself not discerning' tho body of the Lord." (1. Cor. xi. 27-29.) : We hope ,tHe little children have per mission to turn up to 1. Cor. xi. 27-29,' and search the scripture, and see "whether the thing. Avhich is here said or quoted is indeed so." They Will find that the pas sage is doctored, corrupted; and falsified for a.purpose . The passage does not say; , " Whosoever receives ... unworthily." It say3, something which Butler did not wish . to tell the children. It says, " Whosoever ; .eats this bread arid drinks tMs cup un- worlhily , . .... for he that eats and drinks nAvbrthily;''. ;&c.; : The ciifibrence betAveeh what 'Butler says? and what the pretendedly quoted passage says .is very . important ; it contradicts the practice of .the Papal, Church and it shows that , the \- j'communipn" of Rome is; not the Commu nion of the Lord's table ; therefore Butler cunningly put in the words "Whosoever receives, unworthily." No; it does not say that — it says Avhosoever eats the bread and " 'drinks the cup," &c.; Poor little children ! every trick is employed to deceive and rob them in the very act of giving them religious instruc tion." We suspect another trick in the use of the word " discerning " the body of the Lord." The Avord as used in the Protestant Bible is plain and easily understood to signify mentally perceiving the meaning of- the sign. It is a Avord, however, which no honest man Avonld use in teaching children such as are found in x»r. v augnan-s scnoois. xne use or it may very well be suspected as helping to give the children the . impression that' the " body of the Lord is seen ; or that Avhat they see— the wafer— is the body of the Lord."- It is right that deceivers should be suspected even when they are telling the truth ; and here we cannot liclp bub think that Butler Avould ; never have retained this word, "discerning' the body of the Lord, if it had not helped him to keep up the idea of corporal presence. But the passage has no such' meaning. We can "discern" .with the eye of tho mind as well as with the eye of sense; and 'the " body of the Lord " is as truly " dis cerned" by those who dony the " real presence " as it ever can be by those who pretend to discern the Lord's body in the . wafer of paste. The bread is a sign of , the body ; the wine is a sign of the blood ; and so, if, with intelligence, the signs are understood and the truth is believed, the : " Lord's body is discerned " in the only sense in which that fact is possible. Then the children are brought on to the lurotuijr ui uii tiuiuiuuvuo auu IJ.U W ty ' cure the sin of it : "What do you mean by rooeiving un- Avorthily ? " To recoive the blessed Eucharist in a state .of mortal sin.". . Why not use the words of Scripture here 1 Wliy sneak in the Avords " the blessed Eucharist unworthily " instead of the scriptural words — " eat and drink unworthily?" Of course everybody ..can see the reason why ; but Butler could not afford to quote fairly ; he could not aflbrd to tell the truth ; and so he covered the iniquity of .Popery by suppressing scrip ture and putting in the gloss of Jesuitry — " receive' the blessed Eucharist." _ " What should a person do if he be in mortal sin before communion ? "Ho must obtain pardon in the sacrament of penance " Thus the way is prepared for the priest, and the children are taught their 'dependence on the priest. The bread may bo .turned into the body and blood, soul and divinity of Jesus Christ ; but it ' will have no virtue without the help of the- priest., The scripture may say " Whoso eateth the bread — rcceiveth tho blessed Eucharist— shall live for over ;" but the priest will say " no the pardon of tho priest must he had first ;and so, after all, the' wafer, is nothing, aud the eating of it is'nothing, unless the priest has a chief hand in the matter 1 If a persoii is in venial' . sin, - the wafer will give eternal life, -but if a person is in mortal sin, he may eat. a , hundred Avafers, they will do him no good, they Avill not give life but. rather death, unless the priest first gives his pardon 1 Strange that Christ did not mention this to any of His Apostles 1 No ; Christ cannot' give His oavii body to a person, that that person may live for ever, unless with the concurrence and help of the priest 1 \- " What is penanco ? ' A sacrameut, by which the sins are forgiven which are committed after baptism. "By whose power are sins forgiven ? " By the power of God, which-. Jesus'. Christ left to the pastors of His Church. . .".When did Christ leave to the pastors of His Church the power of forgiving sins ? . " Chiefly Avhen He said to His Apostle : ' Ro- ceive-ye the Holy Ghost ; Avhose sins' yo shall forgive, thoyare forgiven them, and whose sins . ye shall retain, they are retained. What must we do to obtain pardon of our sins in the sacrament of penanee ? . " T " We must niake a good confession." , Thu3 the Spriest" is walked -out and brought upon the scene as the most im portant personage of all. Thus, the chil dren are told in effect that God is nothing and Christ is nothing, and the -blessed Eucharist is nothing, -without the priest; and, of course, as the children believe; they know and feel that -all' their hope is placed in the priest. . Who. can contemplate the various steps which lead up to this issue, without exclaiming, " Surely Popery is the masterpiece of Satan 1" It is the priest that turns the bread into the '' body blood, soul and divinity of Jesus Christ." That wafer has eternal life in it. Whoso oats it lives for over ; and consequently; whoso does not eat of it shall; " never live." Is this, then, enough I t' OJi no" cries Popery. ("The chief thing is yet to come. . If you eat in mortal sin, not even the body blood soul and divinity of Jesus Christ: will help you The- priest, takes away, mortal sin ; and you get this, for giveness by going to tho priest and telling him your secrets and answering his ques tions in the confessional box ; the secrets, of the heart ; the secrets .of; the women. Yes ; submit to the priest and tell him all ; don't blush ; but pour into his ear a ' good confession !" Next week we shall further look into this. Meanwhile, let us pity- the little children, and their '/religious instruction, about which Dr. Vaughan has taken such fright.: With satanic craft they are led on, step to step, until' they come to the knees of the priest who alone can help them. 