THE WHISPERED STORY. Thxt told me that the house was haunted. Nothing had been seen in the shape of an apparition by those who resided there ; there was no terrific disturbance, no bright, myiterious light, but there was a general belief that the house was haunted. The ghost was a well-behaved ghott, and modes:. On inquiring of one who had slept then, I leaned that he had heard nothing except a confused murmur, a sound of low, indistinct speech, as of some one trying to speak while ?uffartDg nuder aph-ny. It w.is a laborious whisper, of whioh a word now and then was audiole. I asked him what words, and he told ae tbat two he remembered-'1 falls* and ' boat,' but no others. Tbe only tbJrir remarkable about that was that otbfcra who b«d slept there had heard the same words. That gave m», I was sure, a key to the matter, a«d.I smiled. I concluded the purchase of the bouse that very da?. It wa« ?heap enough. Nobody would live in it, and it waa rotting through disuse. The owner, who needed ready cash, was glad to get rid ol bis profitless property. The house itself was a comfortable mansion, that cost 10,000dol to build, and the ground rather more than three acres, and had been hand somely laid out in trees and shrubbery, though now overgrown with brambles. The architect assured me that 18001ol. would put the bouse and grounds in order and add modern conveniences. Ss I bought it for SOOOdol. down, and- had the necessary repairs made, their cost overrunning the estimate nearly 2003oL Sa that for 4000dol. I obtained a handsome and convenient dwell* ing on the banks of a noble river, with the tiny demesne sloping to the south- west, having picturesque views oa either hand, and in a good neighbourhood. The night befor* my family wen to remove to it I took up my lodgiag in tbe house alone, having had a pallet laid down in the library. I suppose the stories I had heard, though I had laughed at them, made their impression on my mind. Such things always do, in spite of reason. A vague feeling of uneasi ness fills ue in the presence of mystery even though our curiosity ar our pride gets the better of our terror, and we probe the thing to the bottom, or try to. That may account for my restlessness, for I was restless and wakeful. I had been busy all day in ar rasging furniture, and in directing the men at work on the grounds, in the latter case handling the spade and mattock myself quite often, and was thoroughly tired. Yet I could not deep. It was tea o'clock when I turned down the light so that it only gave a faint glimmer, and lay down. Eleven o'clock came, and twelve, and I still tossed on my couch with open eyes. When the echo of the last stroke of the be'l of the church in the neighbouring town of B ? died away, I felt there was something or someone in the room. I sprang up, turned the light on full, and 'grasped the loaded revolver which lay on the library-table. There was no one there certainly that I could see, and the door was locked, and I laughed at my alarm. The next moment, as I threw myself ia the great arm-chair, I felt there was someone close to me. Just then there was. a low and laboured whisper at my right ear. The words were distinct, though faintly uttered : 'Let me tell you my story.' I sprang up aod looked around. Nothing there. It appeared to be imagination, and yet I fait terror. Was I a.ake? I was, undoubtedly. The whisper came again : ' You most listen.' I felt that to be true. Tbe thin, icy, forced whisper held me by a spell. I could not have moved had flimei bunt out around me. Body and mind seemed stricken with palsy.- I. could hear, but nothing more. Then the whisper returned, and I can remember all that followed, word for word, and can write it oat, again and again, without varying a word or letter. 'It was three miles above the cataract. As I stood upon the river bank I could see, even at that point, with what swiftness the Niagara was hurrying toward the fatal plunge. There was a skiff tied to a root on the bank, and as it afforded me a seat 1 stepped in and sat down in tha stern-shssts. Taere I played with my hands in the stream and listened to the distant, incessant roar of ' tbe boiliDg waters. As I sat there I thought of my young wife hundreds of miles away, whom I bad left a few days before to attend to some buainess.ia Cw&tia;, and whom I was to rejoin the next day, having taken this point oa my way homeward. I sat there with my eyes half dosed, aud then, throning ' myself backward, was lulled to sleep by the monotonous noise. How long I slept I do cot know, but a piercing shriek, rising above ' the dull roar of the f 41s, awakened me. I looked around. The boat had broken l»oa« . and I was far out in the stream and drifting rapidly toward the falls. I sprang up to aeizi the oars and pull to shore. There were no o-ir« in tho boat. ' I glanced toward the shore. It seemed the bank was lined with men, women and children, who may have called to me, bub I could hear nothing. My first impulse was to leap overboard, but thea I could not swim. 'A miu on the bank threw a lasso. I waited tbe coming of the loop, and reached my hand toward it, but it fell short. Ic was drawn in, aad the man, running swiftly to a point further down, tried agtin. He apparently oast it with greater force, but it fell further off than before. I was being drawn nearer to the centre of the horse-shoe. 'And now there came the lethargy of despair. I sat there without hope and without fear. My doom was inevitable. The motion of the boat grew fatter and faster, the distant banks whirled past me, and then my spirit rose in a kind of ecstasy. I gave a sharp glance around me and laughed. As the boat struck the edge of the abyas and ross for the final plunge, I caught sight of a dense mist ; I heard above the roar the nuh of a thousand wings ; I felt aa though struck with a nnmbing blow, and breath and oonsriousness left me together. ' It aeemed to be a dream, for when I recoveiel I was here in my own house. Yonder sat my wife, clad in black, her head buried in her hands. Yes ( it seemed to be a dream, for though I tried to speak to her my lips made no sounds, and I heard nothing. I touched her, but she did not heed it. I looked around the room bewildered. 'It was this library. There on a long table, which did not belong here, lay some.* thing like a human form, covered by a sheet. What was it doing here ? Whose body lay there ? A new and more unspeakable terror seized me. I would like to have cried out. I could not. I was dumb. 'My wife aroBe and went to the table. ' Now,' I said to myself, ' I shall know all.' Sae raised the cover from her head, and, stooping dawn, kissed the faoe of the corpse. Could it be that my father-in-law, Colonel Biirnsleigh, had died while I was away ? I did not walk, but I was moved by some unseen power until I stood by my wife and over the dead body and looked down. I knew it all then. I recognised the cold, lifeless face. It was my own.' Tflen the whisper c«used, and I fell in a deep sleep in the chair. It was* daylight when I awoke. I looked around. Had I dreamed it all? On the table was the fragment of a newspaper. Picking it op, mjr glance caught the name of a 'former owner of the house, and I read as follows : ' MELAjrOHOtx CtfHJAKT — A .terrible event occurred on F4day last. Sober* Grant, of this village, pa'his return to Toronto, wheieha bad been on holiness, stopped at Niagara. Ha took a walk above she faila after breakfast. He must have got ia a boat and lost or broken the oars— though it is said ao oan were in tbe £oat. He was seen afloat by a large crowd of people' just above the fail.- Every attempt was made to rescue him, but unauooesafully, aad he was earrivd to his death. His body was teooveredjoa Sunday, and is now oa its way have. Be leaves a widow.' I bad certainly never seen that paragraph before. I am quite sore of that. Aw that time out these have been no noises ia the bouse, except sucba* ooujd be easily eiplaiaedi aad the vhjapend miae acrarcafteagafai: Yet, {fit w*n ae 4t«**»V ' or ao imaginary whisper, why aaeall tha ghost have told Ms story to aae, aad «fhj ehotddheteUltataU. 