[?] ILLUSIVE VISIONS. Modeiin soienoo boa made us awaro that tho old belief in apparitions rested on nolhing moro than illmive fancies caused by some kind ot physioal derangement of tho person eo affected. It is important that young persons Bhould bo made thoroughly awaro ol the fact that Umo rover was and no»orwill bo any such foucy which ib not onpablo of being explained npon natural gounds. A person in weak health, though in porfeat possession of all hiB faculties, begins to be troubled by wnking visions of persona with whom ho may be familiar, or who may have boin long de-id, or who sometimes may appear ah perfect strangers to bim. The spectres who flit beforo him. ' corns liko shadows' and ' so depart.' They represent, in the most perfect manner, the reproductions of things tbat are or wore — utterly intangible creations. The subject of theso visitations may hear tho spectres converts, and they may even talk in turn to him. He iB perfectly aware of their visionary nature, and i* as coovinced of their unreality as ia the friend who sees them not, And to whom tho phantoms are described. No lutpiclons of insane delusion as to these visitations can be entertained for a moment, and the question may therefore naturally be put to iho man of science, ' How can these illusions be accounted for ?' The answer is to be found in one of the simplest studies in tho physi ology of nerves and of mind, and shows us that three illusions hnve a material busls, or that, in the words of tbn poot, tho ' shadow proves the subitance true.' To thoroughly eluoidato tho subject of illusions within a brief space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, ouoh as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the Physiologist. Ono of the best known oases — deriving its interest from tho fact that the tutjnet of the visitations in question bimsclt narrates the facts — Is that ot Nicolal, a well-known citizsnand bookceller ot li:r)in, who read a-i account of hiB uase befu'u the Berlin Academy of SoienceB. 'We shall ;;ive the aoooant in his own words. 'During the few latter months of the year 1J90,' sayB Nicolai, 'I had experienced severni znelnn oholy moments, wuiou deeply ali.otud me, particularly in September, from whioh tima I suffered an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that sffeoted me with the most poignant grief. I waB accustomed to be bled twice a year, and this had been done once oh the 0 h of July, but waB omitted to be repeated at the end of the year 1790. . . I bad, in January and February oi ihe year 1791, tho Additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant oiroumstanoeB, whioh were followed on the 21th of February by u most violent altercation. My wife and another person came into my apartment in the morning in order to oonsole me ; but I was too muoh agitated by a series of inoidents whioh had most powerfully affected my moral feeling, to be oapablo of attending to^ them. On u sudden, I peroeived, at about the distapce of ten steps, u form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, usking my wife if she did not Bee it. It was but natural tbat Bbe should not Bee anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, aud Bbe Bent immediately for a physi cian. Tne phantasm oontinued for some minutes. I grew at length more oalm, and being extremely exhausted, fell into a rest less sleep, whioh lasted about half-an-hour. The phyBioiau ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return ; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produoed further oouscqaences, which deserve a more minute description. ' At four in the afternoon, the form whioh 1 had Been iu the morning reappeared. I was by myself when this happened, and being rather uneasy at the inoideut, wont to my wife's apartment; but there likewise I was persecuted by the form, which', however, at intervals disappeared, and alwajB pre sented itself in a standing posture. About Bix o'clook thero appeared also several walking figures, which had no connection with the firBt. After the first day, the form o( tho deceased person no moro appeared.; but its place was supplied with many other phantasms! sometimes representing acquaintances but mostly strangers : those whom I knew, were com posed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively Bmall. . . Whenlshutmyeyestheseforms would sometimes vanish entirely, though thore were instances when I beheld them with my eyes olosed ; yet, when they disappeared on such oooaaions, they generally returnod when I npeued my oyes. . . They all ap peared to me iu their natural size, aud as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shades of carnation iu the uncovered parts, aa well as different colours and fashions in their drrsseB, though tbe oolourB seemed Bomo what paler than in real nature ; none of tho figures appeared particularly terrible, oomi oal,.or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent Bhape, and some presenting a pleasing aspeot. The longer these persons continued to visit me, the more frequently did they return, while at the Bame time they increased in number about four weeks after they had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk ; sometimes among them selves, but more frequently they addreesed their discourse to me ; their speeohes being uncommonly short and never of an unpleas ant turn. At different times thero appeared to mo both dear and sensible friends of: both sexes, whoBe addresses tended to appease my grief, whioh had not yet wholly subsided ; their oonBolatory speeches were in general addressed to me when I was alone. Some times, howevorj I was aocoBted by these con soling friends while I was engaged in campany, nnd not unfrequently while real persons were speaking to me. The consola tory addreBseB consisted somotimes of abrupt phrases, and at other times they were regularly executed.' Suoh was Nioolai's acoount ot tho phan tom-visitors who addressed and consoled him in his domeBlio affliotion. It is interesting to pursue still further his acoount of their disappearance. The reader will robolleot that Nioolai had negleoted to repeat at the end of 1790 tho blood-letting in whioh it was customary iu the d»yB we speak of for our forefathers to indulge. It was at last deoided that leeohos should be used, and on 20th April, 1791, at eleven o'clock in tho morn ing, Nioolai iiiforms us the operation waB performed. ' No person,' be continues, ' was with me besides the surgeon ; but dur ing the operation my obamber was orowded with human visions ot all descriptions. This oontinued uninterruptedly till about halfan hour after four o'olock, just when my digest tion commenced. I then peroeived that they began to move moro slowly. Soon after, their oolour began to fade, and at seven o'olook they were entirely white. But they moved very little, though the forms wero' as distinct as beforo; growing, however, by degrees more obBoure, yot not fewer in num ber, aa hod generally been the obbo. . . They now Beemed to dissolve in the air, wbile fragments of Bomo of them continued visiblo for a considerable timo. About eight o'clook the room was ontirely oleared of my fantaetio visitors. Since that time,' adds Nicolai, ' I have felt twioe or three times a eonsation as if tboy wero going to reappear, without, however, ootually seeing anything. Tbe sanie sensation Burprieod mo just before I drew up tbis aooount, while I was examin. ing somo paperB relative to these phxnnmena, whioh I had drawn up in the year 1791.' Such is a historical acoount of what may appear to the senses of a sane and reasonable individual. Beforo entering on their Boien tiflo explanation it will be advieablo to give one or two furthor examples of tho pheno mena in question. On tho ocoasion of the fire whioh destroyed part of the Crystal Palace, in the winter of 1866-7, put of the menagerie had been Baoilflcod to tho flames. The ohimpanzeo, however, was believed to havo escaped from biu ooge, and was presently soen on the roof endeavouring to Bave himself by olutohingiu wild despair one of the iron beams whioh the fire bad spared. The struggles ot the animal weru wutohed with an intense ouriosity mingled with horror and sympathy for' tbe supposed fato whioh awaited tho unfortunuto monkey. What was the surpriso of tho spectators of an imminent tragedy to find that tho objoot which, in tho guise of a terrified ape, had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of oanvas blind, so tattered, that to tho eyo of tho imagination aud when moved by tho wind, it presented the exact counterpart of a struggling animal ! Such nn exiimpl.) is o£ eapeclil interest, becauso it proves to ua that nob ono person ?ilone, but a large number of spectators may be deceived by an ohjjct imporfoefcly Been — nnd aided in the Illusion by a vivid imagina tion—into fancying all tho details of a spectacle of which tho chief actor it entirely a myth. A ulngular case has been givon on Btriofc medical authority of a lady, who, walking from Penrhyn to Falmouth — her mind being ocaupied with the subject of drinking fouutilne — was certain sh' Baw in the road a newly-erected fountain, beating the inscrip tion, ' If any man thirst, let him como unto me and drink.' Aa a matter of course sho mentioned her interest iu seeing such an erection to tho daughters ot the gentleman who was supposed to have placed the fountain in its position. They assured her that no such fountain vn iu existence ; but, con vinced ;of the reality of her senses on the ground that ' seeing is believing,' she repaired to the spot where she bad seen the fountain, only to find, however, a few scattered stones in place of the expected erection. Wo may now turn to consider the soieutifio explanation of such curious phenomena in human existence. The cuu^es of these Illusions are not difficult to understand, since they In reality depend upon a slLht derange ment of tbe powers whereby we see and hear in an ordinary and normal method. To make our meaning clear, lot us briefly consider what takes place ia ordinary aemation, when we see or hear the objects aud sounds of every-day existence. The eye alighting on an oljeat transfers an impression of that object to the brain through tho speciul (optic) nerve of sight, which leads from the eye to tlio part of the brain exercising the sense ot si«ht. We in reality do not see with the eye. Tttat organ is merely an arrangement of lenses adapted to receive, focus, and otherwise adjust rays of light streaming from ths objects we see. Tne functiun of the eye is simply that of adjusting aud correlating the conditions necessary for the production of an impression. This impression is carried in due couise to a special pare of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation — that of sight. We thus truly see, not with the eye, but with the brain, or rather vrith that portion of the brain which lies in direct relation loith ihe verves of sight. Tne eye represents the leutea of the photographer's camera; but the brain corre sponds to the sensitive plate which receives the image of the sitter, and on which all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other senses, the same prominent feature may also be cxprersed — namely, that in the' brain and not in tbe mere organ of Bense must be allocated the true seat of knowledge. The ear modifies waves of sound ; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and aots upon the information conveyed by the orgau of hear ing. The finger touches an object ; but the seat of knowledge does not axist at the extremity of the hand. Tto impression of touch is duly conveyed to the brain as before, there to be analysed, commented upon, and, if necessary, acied upon as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attond the fnotsteps and meet the eyoa of humanity. When we aro conscious ot looking at a seal object, a sensation of sight is formed in the brain, as we have aeen. Such a .sensation wo called an 'objective' one, becauso ifc. is derived from a veritable object. So also, when we hear a tuna played by a person whom wo see, or of whoBe existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called ''subjec tive.' But thero aro many familiar instances in which tho power of the mind to reproduce tho sensations, Bights, and sounds we have received is demonstrated. Toe day- dreamer can somotimes bring the scenes in which ho has once taken part eo vividly before his mental guzo, tbat his reverie may actually be broken by the words which unconsciously flow from his lips ns his imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination i3 tho beginning or faint imitation ot a still moro powerful means which we possess of bringing beforo our selves the torms and scenes which have once boon objectively preBonfc with us. In t'ao dream this power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness, so to Bpeak, we projeot forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproducing, or it may be piecing together from the oddB and ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous com binations we are familiar with in the 'land of Nod.' And if we carry the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking moments, to form the ghosts of science, tho explanation of the otherwise ourious and mysterious Bubject of illusive visions will be complete. Wo know then that the brain has the ordinary power of forming images whioh may be projeoted outwards in tho form of tho fanoieB of every-day life. But these projeoted fanaies may grow into plain and apparent sensations or images undor tho requisite con ditions. When we hear ' a ringing in the ears,' we know perfectly woll that no objeotivo sound exists, and scientifically we say that the sensation of hearing in suoh a cobb is an internal or Bubjeotivo one. When we boo flashes of light whioh have no existence in tbe outBide world on which wo happen to be gazing, we explain their ocoarrence in the Bume way. Now, -on suoh a basis, the gboats of Boienoo are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms of Nioolai, like the sparks or flashes of light, are Bubjective son Bations. They arise, in other words, from some irritation ot that part of .the brain whioh would have reoeived the impressions of eight had tbe objeots in question had an aotual existence. But the Bubject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will bo found that illusive visions appear only when tho health of the BUbjeat of these visitations is in a weakly state. Tho derangement ot the health ia tho primary canse of these ourious states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of tho phantasms of Nicolai were persons whom he knew. Suoh visions then may bo Bupposed to simply represent the effeots of vory rcoent images whioh had been reosivod and stored in the brain, and whioh were evolved by tho exeroise of unoonsoiona memory. Of the deceased persona whose images appeared to him, : the same remark may be made — memory again reproducing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of tho strange visions whom Nicolai did not recognise? The reply which science offerees that these also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must havo seen ataomo time, but whom ho could| not remember : mysterious reproductions, by tho brain, of events, whioh have been impressed thereon, but which had escaped remembranco by ordinary memory. E von the characters whom Nicolai may havo simply ^heard described could bo thus produced, and present ap parently tho images of persons with whom he was not, as a mr,ttor of conBoious memory, familiar. Tho brain, in other words, registers and remembers moro than memory oan evolvo;' and it is reasonable to ooncoivo that forgotten images of things or porsons onoe seen formed the mysterious strangers of Nicolai's waking dreams. It is noteworthy that, only after a long period of visitation from his fantu Btiofriends, did Nicolai .begin to hear them speak. Thus the sense of bearing had also como in timo to lend its aid in propagating tho illusions ; and the fact that tho visions addressed Nicolai concerning his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows tho unconscious action of a mind which was brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving from wi- ' .in itself the comfort and conso lation ot' kindly friends. Last of all, that the material basis of theso visionary friends resided in^tho weakly body of their host is proved by their disappearance on thoresump tion of tho customary blood-letting and tho improvement of the health — an additional fact showing tbe relution of tho healthy body to tbe sound mind. One ol the most interesting oases of vision soeing by a person of cnlture and intelligence ia that re'ated in tbe Alhcnmum ot 10th Ju: uary, 1880, by the Kev. Dr. Jesaopp, who, in Lord Orford's library, when engaged in ocpying somo literary notes, saw a large white hand, and then, as ho tellsus, perceived ' the figure of a somewhat large man, with bis baok to the fire, bonding slightly over the table, and apparently examining tbe pileof books I had been at work npon.' The figure was dtesBed in some antiquo eoolesiastioal garb. The figure vanished when Dr. Jessopp made a movement with his arm, but re appeared, and again vanished when the reverend narrator threw down a book with whioh he had been engaged. Dr. Jessopp's reoital called forth considerable oomment, and a letter from Dr. Andrew WilBon of Edinburgh, presenting a theory based on the principles of subjective sensations, treated of in the present paper. After detailing the fashion io whioh snbjeotive sensations beoome projected ' forwards, Dr. Wilson Bays (Athenceum, 17th January, 1880) : ' The only point concerning which any dubiety exists, conoerns the exaot origin of tho specific images whioh appear as the result of sub jective sensory aotion. My own idea is that almost invariably thB projeoted imago is that of a person we have seen und read about. . . Ia Dr. Jessopp's oase there is one fuot whioh seems to weigh materially in favonr of tho idea tbat tho viBion whioh appeared to him in Lord Orford's library was an un consoions reproduction of some mental imags or figure about which the doctor may very likoly have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study.' It is most interesting to observe that ia the succeed ing number of tho Atheuaum, a Mr. Walter Rye writes ; ' Dr. A. Wilson's solution that the 1 spectre' . . was trn un conscious reproduction of somo mental iinaue or figure about whichDr. Jesscpp may very likely have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study, seems tho right ono, and I think I can identify the ' ghost.' The ecclesiastically dressed large man, with closely out, reddish- brown hair, and shaved cheek, appears to me the doctor's remembranco of tho portrait of Parsons, the Jesuit Father, whom he calls, in his 'One Generation of a Norfolk House,' 'the manager and moving spi.it' of the Jesuit mission in England. . . Dr. Jessopp, when ho thought he saw the figure, was alone in an old library, belong ing to a Walpole, and Father Parsons was the leader of Henry Walpole, the hero of his just-cited book. Small wonder, there fore, if the association of the ideas mado him think of Parsons.' All such illusive visions are thus readily expluined as the creatures of an imagina tion which, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visions forward, on the seats of sense, as the 'ringing' in our ears is produced by some irritation of the hearing-centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduction of a present memory, and the unknown vision is the reproduction of a forgotten figure which has, nevertheless, been stored away in some nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. Science may thus — as wo havo before had frequent occasion to assure our readers — dispel tho illusion by its free explanation ; and scionco has no higher function or nobler use than when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mystorious, and brought within the sphere of ordinary knowledge. — Chambers Journal. 