FOOTSCRAY COUNCIL. Wf.dnesda v. March 31. Present—The Muvur (Cr Morris), crs | PTewell. Smith, Campbell. Palmer. Green wood. Dal hi wav. Cleghorn. and.Mitchell. j The rainutesof the last meeting were read : and confirmed. Correspomlcnee. I Letters outwards and also the following inwards were read :— The Yarmwonga Council with reference to the toll question stated that while syne ! pathising with the position of Footscray was j not favourable to the imposition of tolls generally. The Kuthcrglen Council also sympathised, but did not feel justified in taking action as no tolls were required in their shire. The Kyneton Council stated that the subject would be dealt with at the meeting of the Central Committee of the Municipal Association at Melbourne on the 23rd inst. The bandridge Council did not see its way to interfere iu the matter at pre sent. The communications were received. The National Bank, Footscray, with refer ence to the debt of £6157 9s lid on account of Lynch’s bridge, inquired if the terms on which the loan was given were to be observed —viz., to reduce it at the rate of £100 per annum. The Town Clerk was instructed to reply that the Council had a motive for keeping the account open and would explain it to the bank, Mr J, B. Evans, Albert-street, drew atten tion to the almost impassable state in t weatherof the cast side of th::t thoroughfare. Referred to the members for the north The City Corporation intimated that on the 1st of April that a deputation would interview the Premier and other members of the Government with- regard to the bringing of the cemetery site at Frankston into use. A delegate was requested to be present. Beceived. Mr F. Harding, Crown Lands Office, for warded a plan of bis scheme of proposed harbour and river improvements for the port of Melbourne. Footscray would be materi ally benefited by the carrying out of the proposed work. Received. The Chief Secretaiy requested a return showing the number of ratepayers in the municipality, and the aggregate number of freeholders and leaseholders rated under £10, over £10, .and under £20 per annum.—The information to be furnished. The Commissioner of Public "Works stated that he would receive a deputation on the 31st inst., at eleven a.m., respecting the ex tension of Water Supply to Barkly and Gordon-streets. The Mayor reported that he and Cr Newell and Mr W. it. Clark waited on the Commis sioner of Public Works on Wednesday, with reference to the extension of water supply to Barkly and Gordon-streets. Mr Bent stated that if the forty ratepayers who petitioned the Council asking assistance to obtain a water supply would give a guarantee that they would take on a water supply to their respective bouses he would comply with the request of the deputation. He twitted the representatives of the Council with having been misinformed respecting the number of houses in Goulbourn-street. Yarraville. There were not the uumbor of houses iu that street which was reported. The pipes were laid down on the surface, but subsequently removed. He (the Mayor) moved that the Town Clerk write to a few of the petitioners requesting the forty ratepayers to give a pledge that they would receive th® supply offered.—The motion was carried. Mr Gilchrist, solicitor, stated that he had been compelled to take a sea vojage to Eng land but hoped on his return at the end of the year to renew’ his buisness relations with the Council. Beceived. Mr Harness asked for two or three loads of ashes in front of his house at the corner of Ballarat and Anderson-strcets, Yarraville. Beferred to the members of the South The Mayor reported that he and Cr Smith went to the Commissioner of Railways respecting the new goods siding at Yarra vilie. Mr Gillies promised to have a report on the siding and if the land adjoining were given to the Department free of charge the necessary accommodation might be made. He also said that be had not the ghost of a farthing to spend on the proposed crossing to Hopkins-street. Reports. The report of the Public "Works Committee recommended— That the accounts be paid. That the gardens be provided with a forc ing frame at a cost not exceeding £2 15s. That 25 loads of ashes be laid in the north ward and 15 in the south ward as directed by the councillors in each w’ard. That the lamps at the corner of Hyde and Harris-street be reported a3 extinguished. That plans and specifications bo prepared for continuation of the footpath in Hyde street, to be submitted at next meeting. The report w’as adopted. The receipts during the fortnight • were £40 15s Gd ; expenditure, £101 7s 3d ; overdraft, £1617 10s 4d. A Government subsidy of £600 is due. Cr Mitchell moved that a letter be written to the Harbour Trust calling attention to a promise to pitch and metal behind the sheet piling in Maribymong-street; also to the fact that vessels are still compelled to leave the wharf at Footscray with two thirds of their ballast on account of an obstruction near the junction, the depth being only 11 feet G inches, while 15 feet is required. Carried. Cr Greenwood moved that a deputation consisting of Crs. Newell, Mitchell, Campbell, and the Mayor wait on the Minister of Public Works drawing attention to the dilapidated state of the Swamp-road and requesting that a sum of money be placed on the estimates to repair it. Cr Dallaway seconded the motion which was carried. Notice of Motion. Cr Mitchell to move that lamps be erected on the Swamp-road between the Saltwater river bridge and the railway arch to be lighted for the present with kerosene, and that two councillors and the mover fix their number, and position, and to receive prices from persons who would undertake the light ing and extinguishing of the same. The lamps during the winter months to be kept lighted from dark till daylight. The Council then adjourned. 