'. AN UNFORTUNATE "WHITE WHALE. The Duke of Sutherland has presented to the Museum of the lioynl College of Snr geons the skull of a white whale {Diljiliin apt-erm latca«.) taken alive near Dunrobin, ?which presents a most remarkable evidence of an old extensive injury and subsequent recovery. This cetacean has been but very rarely observed in the British seas, and there would seem to be but one other re corded instance of one having been cauuht alive. The specimen in question was, writes the Rev. Dr. Joa3s, of Golspie, found close to the salmon nets near the Little Ferry, about three miles to the westward of Dnn robin, [on the 9th June, 1S79. It was caught by the tail between two short posts, to which a stay rope of a net was fastened, and a salmon of IS lbs. weight, which was supposed to have been the object of its pur suit, was found in front of it. It measured 12A feet in length. In its efforts to escape it had broken its back between the third and fourth lumbar vertebrce, and it bad a recent wound on the front of its head, nearly five inches long and three broad. It was seen two days before its capture, and the fisher man seeing it approaching against the ebb took it for a ghost. Professor Flower, in ex hibiting the prepared skall to the Zoological Society of London, stated that the skeleton showed that the whale had been a perfectly adult animal, that the atlas had been dis located off the occipital condyles, and the bones had afterwards become firmly fixed by deposits of new bony matter in such a way as to enormously nar row the aperture for the passage of the spinal cord. There was no appearance what ever of any disease of the bones, and there could be no reasonable doubt but this dis location was the result of accident. It is certainly difficult to imagine how such an accident could have happened ; finch a dis location is often brought about by a fall on one's head, but aqnatic animals arc not liable to such a catastrophe-even, thinks Pro fessor Flower, a violent collision of the head against a rock or ship could scarcely have brought it about. It seems marvellous that after such an accident the unfortunate -whale could have contrived to pursue and capture living prey. For a time it would almost seem certain its general powers must have been interfered with. After recovery its head was fixed quite awry on its body, and this may account in some measure for its wandering so far from its natural home, and for the facility of its capture. -Timet. 