BRISBANE) AFFAIRS. FBOH OUB SPECIAL OOBKB8FOVDENT. October 16. So Rca is not a ghost after all. His pro longed absence, and the complete ignorance in which everyone seemed to be concerning bis whereabouts, .gave apparent confirmation to the eerie story told by the Clerk of the Council how he had seen his apparition walk into the Chamber on the first stonewalling night, and take his place on the Opposition benches. He turned op last night in the flesh, looking veiy much as usnal, and spoke on tiie subject under discussion. King and the Protectionists had an innings on Wednesday night, H'llwraith had pro mised them . chanoe, and accordingly gave them a Government night. Sing'has taken the wind out of poor Meston'a sails; as president of the association, the latter is de jure, bat the former has become the de facte leader. His resolutions were carefully enough planned to catch the support of as many different interests as possible. The increase of ad valorem on boots, ssddleiy, harness, and clothing appealed directly to the special fads of the Brisbane association. The two shillings a bushel on malt had a special history. It had something to do with the bitter quarrel now existing between those two former bosom friends, Perkins and Groom. The former has a malting estab lishment on the Downs, and he won't bay the local grown barley. Groom suneests though not in the House-that he refuses because of the deadly hatred he bears to the enlightened and anti-ministerial Downs fanners. Perkins asserts that it is because he cannot make good malt from it 60 King proposed to makehim the local grain by dapping a swinging duty on imported malt But the House threw out all the protectionist proposals by great majorities, and sow I shudder when I open the Observer fcurfng to meet some awful homilies on the iniquity of Parliament and the benefits of protection,1 Bailey, himself a woitemg farmer on the' Mary, objected to protection as a robbery all round, from which his must suffer, and Aleston took on himself to lecture him loftily for his ignorance, but be rather collapsed when Paddy O'Sullivan gave him a taste of his pungent sarcasm. The latter was rather amusing. He maintained that he couldn't see why be should be compelled to pay 4d. for a glass of beer that now cost 8d. to bene fit farmers os the Downs, and he stuck to his "point like a bulldog, that all, is the gist of the free-trade argument Ministers expect the session to lest tall the banning of Deoembpr, It will be abomin* ably hot by then, and unless members be* oome more peaceable through sheer exhaus tion, the sudden rows that hare punctuated the proceedings will be worse than ever. But then a good many will have gone home. Bailey and Fees have paired under written agreement The Bail ways Preliminary Bill has passed , its second reading. What its fate will be ponies me rather. There was really no opposition to its principles, only eveiybody seemed quite agreed that it would have to be thoroughly altered in detail. Mr. M'll wraith said he was willing to permit of alteratrionBt and especially admitted that the guarantee titmses might be allowed to go by (lie board. A bill that will be acceptable to the House would bear little resemblance in details to the one introduoed, and already sheets of ' amendments are fluttering around. If such a b'll passes, I am rather inolined to thinit it may bring about the end of Mr. M'Owraith's political career. He is an enthusiastic believer in the project, and convinced that it 'is a good thing. The syndicate that takes it up will be engineered not by Baron Brlanger, but by Thomas M'llwraith, Esq., and it will afford a safe vent for the specula tive, energies of the whele class. He has evidently gone deeply into the business, for at one point in the discussion he interjected, in answer to someone who queried how long it would be before the' Gulf end was opened, that operations would be begun at both ends. If the project eventuates, I beg to apply beforehand for a billet on the daily Western Champion. Blackall will be on the line and the biggest inland town in Central ' Queensland, the meeting point for a vast ainount of trade. # There is a bit of exploring to be done, and dona immediately. It is highly desirable to know whether there is an approach to Point Parker by diy land, or whether it is cut off from the countty generally by any of those cheerful stretches of saltpan and swamp that diversify the soencry of the Gulf coast It is dear enough that there is a good har bor, and an approach with sever less thm two fathoms at dead low water. Now the flulf tides are from eight to twelve feet, so that any day in the month there will be 21 feet leading in, and often 25 feet of water. Inside there are four, five, and seven fathoms. What a great town this Brisbane would be if it had similar advantages. The volunteers took some exercise last Saturday, having marched down to Lytton, .bout 16 miles, and camped on the signal hill, a pleasant ridge overlooking the bay. Palmer went down with the Acting-Governor «a Sunday and " shouted " for all hands to express his satisfaction* The river steamers tookhundredB of sightseers. Hie " Sawbath" never got desecrated, according to the Sab batarians, on so big a scale before. vWfcather very showeiy. There has been a thundentorm every evening week. Mosquitoes lively. 