, A4TRAVELLER'S NOTES. Br WANDERER. AL sos everyone has a different way,of ox. pressing their wit:' 'At 'tea-meeting'held' the other, evening a lady'wai somewhat s"r=' prised, and'a 'little' pained; at receiving a sharp nudge in the region eof her heart:. Turning round she found her assailant was a respectably dressed old_ lady, with a very bright 'complexion.' Demanding an e- xpla nation for such curious conduct, the visitor was informed that the pinch was -given in order to give vent to wit. As a young man I shouldn't mind such a'thing at the hands of a pretty girl, but Iasuppose that I shall, not be permitted to enjoy such a method of re coiving an expression of wit. There is no telling how far some women will carry their feelings. A dog with two tails is generally consid ered to be an oddity, but' an eel with two heads licks the sea-serpent into a cocked hat., llowover, it is, seriously asserted that one of the nnemployed lately pulled up to the snr face of the water at Stony Creek one of these snakeoliketfishese. It was, of course, large,; broke the line and bolted.., Curiously enough all 'these sort of wonderfiul things are never capturad. The famed bunyip is still atlarge; so is the noted sea-serpent, and such like. The supposition,.in regard to the double headed eel, hooked at the creek is, that the gallant member of the Unemployed Associ ation had, at the time, the power of double sight, no doubt caused by a too liberal use of colonial swipes. I admire the honest manner in which your contributor " Continuous Brike". has taken up the cause for. John Woods's invention, or borrowed idea,' or whatever people may choose to call it. Flinging aside all political prejudices, there remains the opinion still by me that tthe brake is of great value. As re gards its original cost, or the expense of keeping the gear inorder, I don't pretend to know, but if by its use collisions have been prevented and lives saved, I think the brake is wortha':lot of money. y 'So tht Yariaville people hlave been treated to a display of the effects of strong drink on the minds of the men who have prayed for work, and'inow pray they wont' get it.. One of the white sheep in the flock I met ati Wil liamiistowvi -thh--other' day,' and he told me that some of his brother laborers at that haven of rest-Edom-possess a grand knowledge of the geographical, features of that part of the colony called Cobiurg. They appear to know every; many people residing in free quarters in that neighbourhood ; in fact, they have sharcd'thesoq'uarters; hence, I conclude, thei 'earidest "desire to" own cer-' tain tools which-ought to bear the 'represen tation of a peculiar arrow." What a-rn there waiuld be 'for compnlete. edition of " Men ofnthe Times," if adopted to this class of individuals.' Could not the Government take upon itself,.for its own protection, the publication of such a work (pocket size) ? It would -command': an. extensive sale with squatters, contractors, and other employers of labor.. Marginal references might use fully be introduced as a safe guide to former employers, &e.;' "On'tho?plaiihs" is one of the old'ways of describing the surroundings of Footscray. An ancient settler has told me so.: So I was not autiprised theotherday ~i on visitidngthat embryo city'ofBristol, to hear'that'a resident purposed building's post office: on ithe? Gee?' long.road, "at a corner." I foundmany corners, but. no. signs, of a foundation. I questioned mjich .the power of "any oder man" to pit' up a house and dedicate it to V.R. without proper authority. I was told, however, that the place was to be " built on spec." Well, the people there must have more speculative interest than I possess, to take such' a step." Besides,-how would they get over the difficulty of amending, or eradi cating the title of-" Yarraville -Postal Dis trict," which 'I understand was obtained throughthe zealous efforts of the local Post master. No other name will, I suppose, be recognized, so the Bristol folks will be in a quandary., I should imagine, however, that their correspondence will not break the seams of any mail bag, judging by the very rural style of archictecture displayed in dotted places " on the plains." ' . Some knowing-looking chaps have recently visited the west side of ths.Yarra, near the old'smelting workos." They brought mighty surveying instrumenrits. They also :peered long through a telescope, seemingly in the endeavour-to.decipherthe .weather-worn no tices on the surrounding property. The ob ject of the visit is said to be a secret, but 'I learned 'enodgli to°satiefy me that speculators see that money is going to be made in land oppdsito: the enitrance bof" Coods's canal. Visions of docks at Stony Creek, "nmarine hotels, steam-packet wharves, boat-sheds, and other coniveniencies, generally associated with harbors, have stirred up the land job bers. 'I hope they.may"add.to' theluhstre of tho' nieighborhood, for at present there is :a very broken-down' look about:that 'quarter. Factories are lying idle, and there are evi dences of:great outlay ofthe'"sougar" that does not go into the teacup. ~,.. .:.... Have you ever used tiny" railway.wood!" If' not by: all means try'it, and'I' bet you. 'wont try aundburii another stick of it. 'It'is said to come a long way. from the country, by rail. It looks split by the use of a plumnb line. "; Afriend of mine coaxed it to burn for five minutes; alter ho had emptied his kero. sene tin, and used up all the grease in his kitchen. Whilst it was being devoured through these strong and active agencies it spluttered, fizzed, turned black, then red, sent out sparks, discharged much liquid matter, and then gave up the ghost. They 'do say, if one mixes un with it about trble the quantity of' dry sheoak and wattle, it will burn against its will. This must be a splendid way of denuding our forests of use less trees. I recommend Baron Von Miteller to investigate the matter and write accord. ingly, with a view to stopping the wholesale destruction of rain-producers, and conferring a great favor on an army of householders who are obliged to try "railway wood." I have witnessed the consumption of half a sack' of coals in order to keep light to half a cord of this valuable timber. "'How is your foot ? Is your boot made according to nature ?" These questions were put co me the other day by a travelling American cohbler. Divesting one of my feet of its covering of leather and cotton, and placing it hard pressed on the floor, he told me to take a good look at its shape. I cer tainly did not feel proud of the appearance of that part of my limb below the ankle. He clearly demonstrated that the English shaped boot could not possibly fit the wearer " accordiog to nature." I now wear a sort of cross of "Ezywakin," a delightful covering to the foot, not pretty, but hardly felt. My corns have rejoiced, my razor is laid up, and I shall always believe in the American cob bler's ideas of a proper fitting boot. If you examine cause and effect you will quickly become a convert. I should much like to know the exact number of hawker's licenses issued in the Melbourne district and near to same. -1 don't think that half the fellows who roam about the suburbs can afford to pay the fee. At my front door, at my side door, at imy sindows, at miy gates come the pedlars in shoals. My citadel is invested. I shut my self up, I go out, I give orders that I am niot at home. All to no good. If I tackle the enemy with a enoraged face, he immediately declares that ie is a special agent, a represen tative and advance agent, a dealer-every thing but a hawker. Had I a ton weight of sovereigns I could fill all my sheds with rub bishl of every description, hawked by these fellows. I tried the dodge of posting up no, tices bearing the awful announcement, "Be ware of the Do.-," but tr no effect. My neighbour has been more successful by put ting up, a notice as follows :-" Isolated, by order of the Board." This has had two magical effects, it has frightened away the pedlars, and.my country visitors into the bargain. . 