THE THEATRES ON SATURDAY NIGHT. THEATRE ROYAL. At the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, Mr B. Fairolougb, after an abeeiue of severe years from Melbonrne, made his. l'e- snnearance as Hamlot. As tha melancholy Prince of Denmark, Mr Foircloogh impressed his andienos very favorably. Few notors within our memory have realised Slinks- epearo's ideal of a soldier, wsoholar, ni«d' a gentleman; and however near the poetio Btandard their conceptions may be, there always' remains something to- be wished in those who essay to bring before us him who was The glosoof fashion and tlio moalll ol torn), Tho admired of nil admirers. Comparisons are evor odious ; but,, sinoe tho time of poor Walter Montgomery, Edwin. AdamB and William Creswick havo been tho only great Sbaksperean interpreters who have- succeeded in giving ue a Hamlet that it was a pleasure to see.. As before our mind's eye arise the various Hamlets- who have strutted their _ brief hour upon tbo Melbourne stage aince poor Adams delighted ub by hie wonder ful impersonation of the ohoraoter, how pale and poor do ilioy appear compared to him — graceful, polished, iippassrened, with the halo light of genins, more brilliant beoause it wns near extinction in death, chining around him. We see in memory's mirror .reflected that which we, in other form, shall behold no more; and as we dwell upon that pioture our eyes become dimmed- with tears.' The sublime expression of his counten ance, the fanltleos intonation and inflections of bie voice, as he delivered Hamlet's soliloquy on death, come on the memery like a sweet strain of music, rich and thrilling, with deep-toned harmonies that spoak to the aonl alone. His acting and utterance were fall of insplratlot>;j>n inspiration caught from That undiscovered country from whoso bourno, No traveller returns to which be was hastening so rapidly. Al though Mr Fairolough's Hamlet is not that of William Creswick, Walter Montgomery; or Edwin Adams, it is, as I have intimated,, a very meritorions performance. In the irreso lution speech "Now I am alone," Mr Fair olougb was particularly happy. Following the advice of Hamlet to the players — to suit the action to the woid.the word to notion — hie delivery of "Angels and ministers of graco de fend ns " was a masterly effort of: elocutionary ability, and the soliloquy on death wss ren dered so as to express fully the speculative and philoeophio reasoning of Hamlet. The actor's power waB acknowledged by loud' and long- continned applause. Miee Anstead was fair as the Queen. Mr Deering, as Dolonine, was not only out of his .element in the charaoter, but he also made mistakes in. the text. Miss Melrose looked a very pretty Ophelia. Mr Charles Browo,. as Horatio, played fairly. Mr Greville's Grave- digger ib too well known to require comment. MrB. N. Jones, as the first actor, played well, Mr Appleton's Laertes was as we nave soen it before. Mr Carey's ghost was above the average, Tho ourtain fell upon the death of Hamlet. The music was very good. Hamlet will bo repeated until further notice. 