<Km’0|ciin; Jntdlig^nq. IRELAND. Or/n Land Commission-.—X.—In the tioirni. [From the Fm/nan'.-i Special Commissioners.] Nennurli. Ok .ill the disquieting discoveries luid hare (hiring the eonviilsiuns by which frish agri culture is at this moment torn, the most stai'tlmy is lmw slight a barrier it really is which distinguishes the condition of the richest, from the condition of the poorest of the frish farmers. They differ in decrees of misery merely, and the misery is not often greatest where the food is coarsest or the eahin worst thatched. Not that in material comfort, or rather discomfort, there is any broad difference In-tween them, either. As rndi;11! meal is to Indian meal and flour, varied with an occasional ban<|Uet of broad and h-a, so is the, ordinary diet of the* farmer of: thirty acres to the invariable dietofthe farmer of live. One -ees with astoundment in towns like Tlmrh-s and Templomure, em bedded in rich plains of waving corn, that same wild rush to the mealshops for credit upon any terms which was terrible enough in (In* sterile fastnesses of Mayo. The wealthier a district was known to he naturally, or re puted to he financially, the more, poignant T ha\e more Ilian once found to he. the cry of suH'i-ring ami dismay there. The hitter truth appears to he that (apart, from the frightfully limited class whoa* savings are still undc molished) the three yreat orders of men who till the Irish land- -the labourers, the small farmers, and the moderately large farmers are sinking into a. dreary rivalry of wretched ness, each after his soil. As yet, there are certain grains of comfort for the. labourer in the posture of affairs. The strain crops being prostrated to the earth, men and sickles must, take the place, of machinery in harvesting them ; and, Indian meal being cheap, it buys more than it used. Pud employment is scarce, and threatens to be scarcer, ft is pitiful to think what the labourers of whole districts would have, done, were if not for a few such works as those of the new Southern Ibulway between Kethard and Tlmrles, or those of the, stately (Jothie church of Templemore, which is spreading its eliaste w ings like an emblem of hope in the wilderness. Crowds of fanners, w ho had for years emancipated themselves from Held labour, have had to return to the spade and the reaping hook' throng]] inability to pay for hired labour. In litth* more than a. nuxntli the work of the harvest, such as it. is, will he over ; the long months of a merci less winter u ill vawn before, the labourer — employment at an end, potatoes half rotten; (where hehasativ patch of potatoes at, all), turf as dear as coal, neither to lie had without, money or credit, and neither money nor credit to he had at all an empty larder, a cold hearth, helpless children whining to a helpless father for food. “ The rent" is a no loss terrible spectre in the path of tlm small farmer. 11 is crops have I icon all hut a id hi la ted before his face—Hooded, flattened to the ground, or drenched beyond hopeol maturing I>s' tin* waters of this last week’s deluge. Whatever wretched salvage may hr rescued from the wreck would he ridiculously insuffi cient to discharge Ids liabilities if divided to the last pennyworth ln-tween the landlord, the shopkeeper, and the hank, which, like 1 hree Fates, .stfind ready to swallow it up : and when that is gone, what of the six months’ food for his family, fodder for his cattle, seeds and manures for his land, oven if another gale of rent were not all the time hang ing like a sword over his hapless head ? Even he, however, has the advantage of being his own labourer—the only condition upon which tillage produces any appreciable profit in Tipperary. The losses of the larger fanner, although they less directly a (feet his daily subsistence, make a still more cruel sweep of that limited capital in money which alone stands between him and a condition even more resourceless than that of the cottier-tenant, whose chief capital is his own labour. Be his speciality grazing, dairy- farming, nr tillage, his yearly balance-sheet, has for at least two years shown a loss ; in most eases, a depreciation of fully 40 per cent, upon his capital ; his re serve (if he ever had any) eaten out ; the hanks (dosed against new transactions ; his stock worthless and unsaleable, loss and greater loss staring him in the face, by what ever avenue he seeks escape—it seems in solemn earnest as if a time were approaching in which the riches of the Irish soil, like the riches of our Irish mines, will not pay for the working—let me illustrate the fact that this idea is settling gloomily down into the minds of the people. Let. it he judged by the ultima, ratio of the landlords—the actual value of land in the market. It used to he their pet plea for unbridled exaction ; will they now accept its invitation to disgorge? Auctioneer after auctioneer lias confessed to me with a groan that land has been for months past an almost unsaleable commodity. It is not offered for sale simply because it is known there is nobody to buy. Even land-jobbers of the class who battened on the, famine panic have tightened their purse-strings against all temptation. Here and there some adven turous spirit, aflame with the old land-lust, has Hung prudence to the winds and become a purchaser. You shall hear a lew of tine re results. A line of ,11800 was paid recently lor the interest of a farm not far from Temple more, the Poor-law valuation of which is .Cl05 and the rent 12G0. The purchaser was so enamoured of his bargain that it is already in the market without a single hid being made for it. Twelve months ago the interest in ;i farm in the neighbourhood of Emly was knocked down for . 11050. A legal difficulty arose as to the completion of the sale. It was put up a second time a few months after, and the bid ding stopped at ,1*550. Private tenders were after a, couple of months more adver tised for, and the highest received was for 1*150. The farm remains unsold, and parted its produce this year (the rent, being ,15 an acre) is a (piantity of meadowing, sold at, from 15 to .15 an acre, which a few years ago was readily gobbled up at. 115 (o 1JE A farm of reclaimed mountain land at Kil common—52 acres, held at the modest rent of 18 a year for the entire, under an excellent landlord'—was advertised to be sold by public auction lately. Not a solitary bidder put in an appearance. The interest in a farm near bmvisoleig'h—22 acres, at 11 per acri—-was not long ago offered for public competition bv the landlord, with an engagement for a 51 years’ lease. As the best authority upon the matter phrased it, “ Nobody would give a, penny for it although the auctioneer, who had upon this occasion failed to coax a single hid, had about two years previously obtained .1500 for a farm of precisely the same <|uality at. the other side of the ditch, upon the same property, without even the advantage which this one* possessed, of a house upon the lands. A sudden and terrible revulsion has set in. That wild and often deadly struggle for land upon any terms, in which men clutched at and trampled clown their nearest friends as a famine-stricken mob would rage round a bread-shop, has turned into a panic-Hight from the fatal investment. The glittering fruit has turned to ashes on the lips. If Irish farming is to pay any more, it must he under wholly altered conditions ; the sooner tiro revolution in rents and tenure comes tho better to counteract that witliering revolution in the* markets. Absolute security, in order to increased reduction and redoubled energy ; lowered rents all round, in order to loosen the shackles which are crushing the strength and spirit out of the farmers—lowered moder ately, where the rents have been moderate ; lowered largely, where they have been heaped up to the last cruel penny—these are the cries which are daily ringing in my cars in a hundred varying cadences ; and at whatever cost of abuse or misrepresentation to you car to me, those cries shall now, once for all, reach the ears of the nation, ft would be a gross wrong to charge the present collapse upon the heads of just and considerate land lords (who, as far as my experience goes, form the sweeping majority of their class). The crisis is not of their making any more than it is of their tenants. The public sense in their regard was pretty vigorously outlined by one of the tenants of Captain Massy Daw son—■“ He never raised a man’s rent, and never quenched a hearth. He did not ilccce us for our hit of prosperity, and wean* almost ashamed to go begging to him now that we are down. But what are we to do? We are simply on the high road to ruin, and in a season or two, if we don’t starve, will he paupers squatting on his land. It is no fault of ours that our cattle, our corn, our butter, our potatoes—every blessed thing we lived by and paid rent, by—have turned dead against us all of a heap. We have no money ; we can borrow none ; are wc to take the bit out of the mouths of our hungry children V Are we to cant off our little cows at quarter their value, and begin another winter without money, credit, seeds, or food? Forgive us a half year, leave us our morsel of crops, to keep the wolf from the door, and we will try In struggle through like men till better days. But if prices don’t go up rents must come down, or the landlords will have armies of starving and desperate creatures around them. That’s the plain English of it, whether you like or hate to hear it.” And if these are the hitter reflections of men grateful for good treatment, in a sense which is good treat ment no longer, think what there is burn ing into the minds of those who have been harried all their lives hv greedy masters — who crouch through the, world shuddering for their wretched livelihood—lor whom a few years of (lod-given abundance were taxi'd with usurer’s interest -the very fruit of whose own industry has been laid upon their backs to increase their burden— and who, now that, they are sunk in abysmal losses, cry in vain to have that burden light ened by one ingot. Now before l give' you some specimens of the high rents and hard conditions to which even in the living pre.-amt what I may call commercial landlordism subjects its victims in the North Hiding of Tipperary, let me illustrate how far short these mere sins of avarice fall of the iniquity which the law permits and tempts men of more violent passions to indulge. Bet. me, recall the story of one iff’ those wehrwolves whom the land laws have from time to time unloosed upon the defenceless people. Standing upon the fair-green Jiil], under neath the cloven shadow of the Devil’s Bit Mountain, in all that bright, and populous land of Tipperary, outspread like a pictured garden at your feet, there is one great, section of the landscape, stretching for several luxu riant miles towards Borrisoloigh, where men and tin1 homes of men have been razed out. of sight, and you start at the loneliness of the sound of lowing cattle as they wallow far and wide in bright green solitudes. Sprinkle those lonely hill sides with some sixty home steads send their blue smoke curling like a prayer to the sky ; till the fields with harvests and the roads with the happy hum of chil dren’s play, and you have a. picture of Bar mine as it stood when John Carden, less than thirty years ago, registered his frightful vow to exterminate this whole community to the last man. His rents were paid, his tenantry peaceful. Nobody can suggest any other reason for his quarrel with Barnane than was possessed by a hundred tyrants of his stamp before and since—a bail heart, an iron will, and a law which invited both to revel to the top of their bent. As lease after lease dropped out, offers of fines and increased rents notwithstanding, the tenants were driven pitilessly out, their homes levelled, and their acres thrown into the castle demesne. (>ne by one the people saw their neighbours disappear ; one by one they saw their own doom approaching. In a wild moment of passion they slaughtered a bailin' (allied Cleary as lie w as demanding possession of a farm. Mr. Carden swore to be revenged, and henceforward pursued his vengeance like a demon. Down went home after home, (fries of pity or of interest were equally lost upon him. Not content with levelling the home steads of Barnane, he actually purchased a. neighbouring tow nland in the Kneumbered Kstatcs Cmirt. and with grim, diabolical humour set about depopulating that too. lie answered the cry of despairing passion that rose to the lips id' the people by putting on a bullet-proof shirt, fortifying his castle with a moat and draw bridge and mounting a mortar on the roof. lie was fired at three times and escaped unscathed. He seemed to rejoice in danger, and take his revenge with all the more relish. He frequently travelled alone at night from Templemore when hundreds of the maddened people were thirsting for his blood. By a saturnine stroke of humour, he used to take the box seat and the reins him self while lie placed the coachman inside m the post of danger, “though tiie rascals are sin'll damnable shots there’s nowhere so safe as the spot they are tiring at." Kvery plot against his life failed, and his vengeance 'went bravelv on. It was a savage kind <d nport, in which Ins tierce and solitary mind del igliled. I have e< m \ crsei I about t he events of those times with one of the evicted tenants-■ almost the only one who survives to tell the tale. “ I met him riding' along the road one dav. and I ottered him seven years' rent in hand as a line if Iw would not put me out. ‘I don't waul your money.’ says lie; ‘ I'll have the land. ‘ Why. then, isn't' there anything in the world to soften your heart, sir?' i a \ s 1. '(let out of the road and he damned to you,’ says lie rearing his horse up against mv chest. I had a scythe in my hand, and it riinned in m v mind t o cleave h im on t lie mort a I spot ; lint thanks I >e t o (i od, some I h mg eiiod got the better of tile, and I left him to Cod." The old fellow blessed himsell ter vent I v .'V lie spoke, and I could imt but exclaim upon (lie laws which made murderers out ol materials like this. Another overmastering craze seized upon John Carden. oJ Barnane. Hither love or avarice had fastened his thoughts upon Miss Arbuthnut, a beauty and heiress, who was at the time on a visit near Clonmel. Spurned with loathing in Ids ad vances, he was ballled bv the heroism of a few women in a dastardly attempt to carry her oil bv force, and condemned for twelve y(sirs to the ( onmion |a11 in Clonmel. It use during ho- incarceration lie had the second tow n laud purchased as a new held for extermination. Iteinorselessly, as the leases dropped, out went the peasants and (low n tumbled their ro<d trees. To the day of his death lie pursued his quarry, who were not vet quite annihilated. A gentleman who related to me the eireunisl a nee w as t a I k ing to him tell (lavs before his death, beseeching him even then to stay his hand against the remnant of his tenantry. “Out they'll go" was the terrible reply, “ and if they take me off the perch I’ve bound my brother by my will to finish them." Ten days afterwards lie expired in an agony of convulsions ; but his work was completed—the last of the tenants have Ions ;ig(> <U«ippenml, the site of their homes is a tradition ; an Fnglish and a Scotch gentleman graze their thousands of green acres, and their herdsman is the only repre sentative of the peaceful little society whom the Irish land laws swept into the emigrant ship or the grave. The story of Barnane is, unhappily, not without its counterpart—a melancholy and sanguinary one—within this veiy riding. I desire to distinguish honourably from this ferocious system of dragonnade the management of the neighbouring estate of the late Sir .John Craven Carden, of the Priory, which girdles the town of Temple. niore. According to various testimonies, he reduced his rents during the pressure of the Famine years ; a capricious eviction was un known upon his estates, and under certain restrictions a. tenant was free; to make what bargain lie might for his intej- est. Nor can one greatly marvel that he took advantage of the headlong- rush of competition for his land to increase his rent-roll by enormous sums, when om- hears that £1,800 was given for the tenant’s interest in a, farm the rent, of which was £200, as against, a. Poor-law valua tion of £151. The fact stands, however, that as fast as existing leases expired, huge in creases of rent were exacted for renewals, with the result that the property is one of the most heavily rented in the country, and that the rents which pressed heavily enough in prosperous times have suddenly grown to he crushing. Take, as a few examples, a farm of 20 acres, the valuation of which is £01 14s, the old rent £00, and the increased rent. £85 ; another of 120 acres, hearing a valua tion of £202 15s, and a rent of £015; a third, with a valuation of £100, the rent of which is £102 ; and a fourth, with a valuation of £10, and a rent of £2-1 5s 2d. Men [minted me out lands covered all over with the waters of Saturday’s and Sunday’s inundations, for which they were paying £4 an acre. These, it is only lair to say (at least some of them), belong to the class called town parks, De value of which, however, has been all of a sudden ulmust annihilated ; and nothing has occurred to show Dial the new heir of the estate will not as frankly recognise the at tenuated value of land as his father—perhaps fairly enough - • utilised its heyday. Tin great plain of rich calcareous loam, which forms Dm (loldeii Vein of Tipperary, extends wit li more or less diversity northwards around Trmplonioro, and to the borders oi Ndiagh. the cultiv ation being left chielly in the hands of cottier farmers, and rents of £2 an acre ruling generally over the remaining expanse of dairy farms, where butter production, the staple source of revenue of the fanners, is carried on under the disadvantages of com paratively young and small local markets. All Dial I have said of Ihe losses ol the Tip perary dairy farmers applies even in perhaps greater measure to these, and the fairs are precisely the same lifo'less and moneyless scenes ; and Die shops in lie tow ns wear the same desolate looks. < alculaled roughly, as against 25 ijr. lirkins of Initter worth £5 15s last rear, the farmers of Die district do imf reckon upon more than two firkins per cow . at £2 (is. being in round numbers a. loss id' £80 per I w col \ cows this season. The northern fringes of the Ormnnds, between the K ing’s County ami the Shannon have a character of coldness and barrenness which, in the soil, in Ihe character ol the himheapr. even ill the physiiple of the people distinguish Diem sharply from (heir more favored neighbours. A patient, plodding race uf small farmers (t he holders lromoiie to thirty acres, numbering 1,10(1 out ol the whole 1700 holdings w ithin the Porrisokane I'nioii) have brought this unpromising region to a larger extent under cultivation than any other porlimi of 'Tipperary, crops being as to grass as 21 to 14. The wetness ol the toil and climate has made barley tic lavnrile crop ; ili- I night bearded spikes gild the fields^. Tar and near W it h t heir deceptive lustre. 'The rain-, which wrnupht devastation in all else, lien- rat Inn- tended to nurture the barley m light sandy soils where the moisture was < j 11 i i k I \ ahsorhed, with this strange riled, that whereas in richly manured hnttnms w ith a more holding soil, the ueeumiilat ion of water has retted and mildewed the, grain, the I m M ire i regions were up tea few days ag< I I dessei I with a barley crop with long and heavy heads ripe for the sickle. The last week’s rains and gales have, however, made melan ehnl\ havoc of all (hi* promise, shedding the heads ami rotting the straw : the other cereals have had a still heavier shun' of the min ; the later descriptions of green crops have simply not grown at all ; and the other great resource of the district, sheep fanning, has had, in addition to the. depreciation in market prices, to sustain a frightful visitation of disease and death during the winter. One farmer (whom I have not seen, and whose ease I submit with a, corresponding degree of reserve) lost 50 ewes during the winter. Another whom 1 have met, and upon whose word I place the most unhesitating reliance, gave me this melancholy catalogue of his losses from disease or from unwholesome grass-—10 sheep, 22 Iambs, d in-calf heifers, a two-year old heifer, 4 young calves, and a mare in foal. Of the general body of land lords in this district: I heard nothing hut praise and gratitude ; their rents fairly low ; not increased within this generation ; all but absolute securityand unrestricted right of sale. The example of a man like Admiral Otway—who, small though his rents were in prosperous times, lias cheerfully faced tin1 fact that other times have come, and has not only wiped off a whole half year's rent, hut announced a. substantial reduct ion for the half year to come—would he enough alone to redeem his class, as well as idolise, his name. There are others, notably the Marquis of Or monde, Mr. Suurin, Mr. \Y. D. Farrar, &<•.. who although they have not yet announced their acceptance of the. altered situation, have given, by fair dealing with their tenantry in the past, the best pledge of fair dealing in the future. Unfortunately here as elsewhere, there are exceptions which more than neutralise the rule ; rack rents and torments, and restrictions of various kinds which are a greater scourge to the helpless tenant than pit iless seasons or foreign competitors. Let me hurriedly instance a. few of them. Ill 1N58 a, man who lived at some distance entered into an agreement for a lease during his life of a farm near Nenagh, at a rent of .£114. the valuation being only £(i(i, and handed it over to his brother upon his mar riage. The brother, finding himself obliged to resign farming, asked permission to dispose of his interest, which would have been at the time worth more than £1000. Me was re fused. The old}' transfer that would he per mitted was a, transfer to his brother, the original lessee, who, though totally dis inclined to embarrass himself with a distant farm, was forced to resume the place rat her than let h go derelict. He has several times sim-e in vain besought permis sion to Ii11<I a purchaser lor his reluctant bur den ; his answer is the leper ol the bond, which chains him to the place at a loss all his life. A lev miles from Toomevara a Scotch fanner of great intelligence leased for dl vears a farm of exhausted tillage and demesne land at the high prices of land which prevailed in 1 Kf>7, w hen the b ase was made. His a ssi lira nee to me was t ha t I or live seasons afterwards the crop,, did not pay their ex penses: and it w as oidvhydinf id constant draining, suhsoiling, and manuring at the tenant’s expense that the place was brought into its present condition. The late landlord (so his statement runs) had given him a lull promise of renewal, and was only negotiating about the clauses w hen he died. The ellorl. to resume negotiations with the representa tives of his young successor was repulsed. A series of calamities overtook him together. H'.l of his slock were carried oil’ by foot-and mouth disease during the epidemic of ’72-’7d, w hile he lay himself si rieken 11ovn w ith an expensive illness. He represented his state of eireumslauees, and petitioned that the year's rent paid in advance at the oommenre mint of the. tenancy , and held over until its termination might he applied in payment ol the accruing vear's rent. The years rent was no sooner due than he was: served with an ejectment process, and was forced toparry it by borrowing the amount due. lie once pn d h hich was fast nmniii Is mi acre for w hat 1 He IViv The lease 'lock and had 1, laying 2S vert ures. ae man s stock a t a miserable s lace. His elain units (the only .and Act) was nsiling band S' lb-ring In pay el! previously reply to his tin- demand omplied with, \ el'e sold out, riliee, and he i j 11 i 11 ed the for unexhausted improve ir penuissahle under the. Mint to he opened at the i111is, w lien In his ama/.e • a i1 ■ ■ a h j y 'umit lire urn) the other side suddenly sounded a. sur *n(11• r, and offered him a renewal ol the lease, t his old rent (ha\ing previously relused his tier of 12s an acre more) ; and so utter three months’ disturbance* he was restored to his farm, having in the meantime suffered a loss which he reckons up to €500 by caprice. Upon another property a Protestant farmer of the highest skill, who during the continuance of his lease, had improved his farm 50 per cent, oil’ered to pay an increase of €30 upon a rent of £00, as a tax upon his own improve ments, for a renewal, and the offer was re jected, the only grace that would be accorded him being that he would have the preference at the highest bid in the market. Upon an other estate upon the Newport side of Nonagh, a general rent-raising was only baulked some, two years ago by the indignant public pro tests of a vigorous priest and his people. Ts it any wonder that a tenant-fanner’s elub has sprung to life of late in Nonagh and is already lluttering the dovecotes ? lint the black spot, the seandalum magna turn of the district, is the estate which an absentee picked up in the Encumbered Estates Court during the famine panic. The rental upon which lie purchased one segment of the property was €104(.I. upon which it is alleged he payed 14 years’ purchase ; its present rental, according to the universal belief of the his tenants, approaches €2,000. As the old leases dropped, extraordinary increases of rent were invariably piled up. One tenant, whose, door-law valuation was €51, used to day €00 under his lease : upon its expiry he offered UNO, and was forced to increase his bid to €100. Another, whose leased rent was €44 10s., and bis valuation €28 10s,, was saddled with €48. Another, whose Poor-law valuation was €140, is paving €100 8s. A tenant who pays this gentlemen €30 Is. Gd. mu a valuation of €21 15s., pays a neigh bouring landlord (the Marquis of Ormonde) €51 12s. Oil. on a valuation €50. The former popular agent of tin* estate fanned a holding of 35 acres. His widow after his death con tinued to hold until the liaise fell out last year. She craved a renewal, and was met with a. demand for more than 100 per cent, more rent. 55s. an acre was the price set upon it. Two Protestant gentlemen were by a. mutual understanding appointed as valua tors. They advised the lady to oiler 40s. an acre. The olfer was re jected. Thither than see her home wrecked about her, she ottered 45s. 'The landlord was unshakable. She gave up possession in despair’ and quitted the eomitrv, and Ihe holding is to this day an idle ic landlord’s hands. All these ■ with comparatively prosperous iparatively legitimate game for whose sole connection vMtli the ■arlv visit to the neighbouring ve their rents am I homage. 11 (port. worrying the struggling ho popu la11m! t wo ot her rum I t<i\vn by the Shannon, which he purchased in adjoining proprietor. 1 have wan Cered through one, of those bleak and woe begone spots. where poppies, ragweed, heather, rushe striek banner of harreimes ol’ I hin and stinted wild vildemesss by many a weary year, w ho ghost the 1 do not want ■ell the story let it point its jointly four acres id howling v the Poor-law valuation w as €3, €4 4s. 5d. They had toiled at it long, and I lad coaxed patches of it into blossom, had drained if, manured it, enriched it with whalever poor substance they could rake to gether. East year their lease expired, and they were thimdrrstrieken with a demand I or possession, though not a shilling ol rent was They made a last desperate shill and 45s. an acre for this Irighflul soil, er in which 1 h;11 was worth anything desi-rf on dealings we farmers-.n i speei11atoi lain I was a hotel to rec was sadder •tell. lamb lliing that / noxious and famine ;rn\vs, hung out their and where every acre here was made out of d’ t roadsides to harrow of two ol own moral. toil and lose eowe or of tin vnur readi those T wo money, 1 or ring beings fa tilers. 1 will |>eepic, aim old men held be, of which md the ren1 ill their lives due than lie si fate heir own. It w; 1(10 per edit ! ire.'’ said one of ul cloud upon hi n of its function s an advance ol more [ j would beggar us, to them, wit h that d u I led ( mind which deprives , without dethroning it ■bloc-ether, “ but we'd do anything sooner than lie driven by the ditch.” It was torn) avail. Possession was what was wanted. 4 lie wretched men were formally ejected from the houses their lathers had built, from the Helds (heir own sweat bad watered. ‘‘We ,,«,idd get characters from all 1 he gentlemen in the enmity, Imt sure it wasn't (diameters they wanted," said one of them, the wreck oi a splendidly framed man, whose heart- broken face bad still some gleams of manlmod in it. Hut. the most astounding paid oi the story was to come. They have been readmitted to their cabins, and to their cabins only, as tenants from week to week at a rent of l()d. a week a-piece—that is to say, they are paying a heavier rent for the comfort of starving in their cabins, without a rood of ground, than they had been paying for theenlire holding when it was theirs ! The poor old fellow sobbed like a cddld as be blurted out this tale as though it were choking him ; arid [ will never in my life forget the faces of those two ghastly looking, broken old men as they stood on the road gazing piteously at their poor plundered fields, one of them with his stout chest heaving, heaving, and the tears welling up to his eyes as he, spoke of the years he had wasted in vain, of his hopeless debts, of his ruined crops, of his children—tin* other still more terrible to behold, stunned and stupefied into half-unconsciousness of what was passing around him, his famished cheeks as livid as a corpse, his eyes covered with a dead- alive film, which now and again lit up with some gleam of consciousness or parted into a ghastly affectation of a hitter smile which was more awful than the wildest grief. 1 wish 1 could dip my pen in rose water in describing tilings like this ; but if these men’s tale is true the hour lias struck for let ting the world know at all hazards the fate which in the sacred name of justice may still strangle the Irish fanner in its grip. 