PROFESSOR PEPPER'S LECTURES. The last lecture given by Professor Pepper to the children of the model and private schools, under arrangement with the Education Depart- <*> ment, was delivered on Friday afternoon, Sep- tembtr 10, is the Aiademy of Mure. There was a crowded attendance. Having stated that his lecture wculd be upon the origin of cbtaistry, the professor pointed oat that the ancient Hindoos and Chinese, and especially the •xeimt Egyptians practiced artg which required a eonsidetable amount of skill. There were foe instance the arts of agriculture and sculpture, tnd smoii£fct ether things ttey had managed to .-tumble uj-ontte procettot making glass, la I.st period, when what;ue called the degndatiou of art took place,the ancients practised what they wtie pltastd to call the Eecr«.t art, by which attempts were made to trausmute metals. Tt c punishment tt death was inflicted ouf the a embers of these mat ancient of secret societies it the; dared to reveal any of the processes v hich weis followed out. 11l the year .00 AD. the processes of the distillation of water and wine and the preparation of spirit were discovc-nd.and chemistry first began when Uitc leaned to employ mineral acids as power ful solvents. The experiment of oxidating silver by touring upon it a liquid which the professor said was known to the older alchemists, and ob tained by the distillation of nitrate of potash with oil ot vitriol on acoilof silver and then applying a lamp below the vessel -/whining y^ silver, was performed. When the «i«4w??irf. had obtained this result they thought to them selves that if they ceold render silver thus in visible why abeola they not be sole to change some other metal into silver or cold. They went (0 work hopefully, and although they had never found bow to transmute metals, they had by their experiments made disoorerwe which had proved of great use in after year*. Prince Gebir.a very teamed and poliwaed alchemist, •aid, speaking of alchemy, *«■ beginning v deceit, its proere*arobbery,aiidHae?d beggary;" wneieas he said of chemistry," its beginning is pleasure, ita progress knowledge, and its objects truth and utiility." The professor gave a number of interesting though simple experi ments, performed by meant of various acids, to show Mt?oe of the pucsles that were constantly astonishing the alchemists as they pursued their investigations. Thedisoovery byFriar Baoouof the composition of gunpowder was next alluded to, and the professor said be *-rr"?ngfr* he had shown his audience enough to prove that the alchemists had made many important dioooverie* in their attempts to trantnrate metals. With respect to the great work of the alchemists Gtiit had aid, " It a as easy to change l«ad into silver and copper into brats as it would he to change an ox into a goat." He then proceeded to deal with the art of fire handling, referring to the fiery ordeal which was carried oat in olden times, and to the ex istence of fire worshippers in India at the pre sent day. Having explained the nature of cohesion, he referred to the fact that the dew on the leaves of plants did not wet the leares, but operated towaids a common centre and formed a sphere. A drop of water was passed into a spoon, heated over a lamp, and it was •nowainat instead of being absorbed by the heat the water immediately rose from theaux faoe of the spoon and formed a little spheroid. On taking the spoon away from the flame the water soon pawed away in vapor. The proteaaor then pointed out if from a hot fixed surface of metal water would rise, at had been demon i trated, they had only to reveres the ciroum etances, and instead of the water being free to move let the liquid be fixed upon their hand, snd let the metal in which the hand was to be l laced be free to move, and there would tw the same repokion as had been shown in theexns^ riuest. He then showed that briipputg&B; bud in a liquid which be did not name, at b« said he wished fl?e yaangsters to find its natare out for themselves, beeoaldplaoe that member - in boiling water or red-hot lead with impunity, and this experiment drew down the plaudits of the aawniiiW. There earn be an danbt Oat t^eonrseoflectnreslMlMM^greaibeneit totbosewho faavext«a*u«d «MBi,s««he pn fesnr, in dealing with scientific faats, tea oaaa. ciaUy adapted hit language to she andawee be addressed. In the evening the lecture was repeated to* large bouse, the occasion being the proieasor'a benefit. An additional attraction, however, waa afforded the andienee in the i—^n-Mfn of a | diainand whic&t;^ been given the iirafe«Hr for the experime?t by Mr. Steiner. HenonwM that philoeophera were not overburdened wad cash, as they generally spent too much money on their apparatus, and had it not been for Mrv Steiner he was afraid they woald have hadtp 1 have contented themselve* with imagining th«« they bad aeen the combustion of a diamond. He produced a bottle containing oxygen, in -whisk the diamond was pot, after being . sufficiently heated by an osy- hydroge? jet, and a further npply of oxygen was con veyed to the diamond in the bottse. It then burnt wish guest brilliancy, *?■— «?^g wfcat *p? peared like a miniature eleetw light. Xhia beantif nl experiment was greeted with Sbe ap* planae it merited The entertainment closed with • series of excellent views m?reHeu<iug, some of the latest improvements which haw been made in the great metropolis «f the world. To-night Professor Pepper will appear for the last tone prior to a country trip be meditates taking, and a progranaae has been provided which should attract a large andienee. The canons photograph limner is to be«xhJUasd, and the wonders to be scan by means at th* oxT- bydragen nucroseope wiD also be abown, and the entertainment wffl eondnde wifli • aeries of views in Afgbaiustan. We understand that it is probable in a weekor two the Frefessor will retain to town and exhibit at «oeof h? lectures his celebrated ghost ilhtnon. 