Bab and bis Friends, By . Jons BnowK, M.D. (Extracted from ' Bora Siihcciva.' So far yell ; Irat fonr doys after Die. ' operation my patient liad a endden and long shivering, & ' groosing',' «s slie called it.. I saw it soon after; Her eyes were too bright, her cheek colored ; she was rest less, and ashamed of being so ; the bol * ance was lost ; mischief had begnn. On ;1ooVinget the wonndj a Wiish of red told the secret; her pulse was rapid, her breath ing anxious and quick, she wasn't herself, as she said, nnd was vexed at her resllcss lessncsB. We tried wtiat we could. Jaincs did everything, was everywhere ; never in the way, never out of it ; Rab subsided under the table into a dark place, and was motionless, all lint lits eye, which followed every one. Ailic got worse; began to wander iir her mind, gently ; was more demonstrative in her ways to James, rapid in her questions, and sharp at times. He was vexed,Tind snid, ' Sim was never that way nfore — no, never.' Tor a time she knew lier head was wrong, and was always asking our pardon — the dear, gmtli1, old woman ; thro' delirium set in strong, with out pause. Her brain gave way, nnJ then came that terrible spectacle— The intellectual power, through words aud things, Went soumlinK on its dim. and perilous way ; she sang bits of old tongs and Psalms, stopping suddenly, mingling the Psalms of David, and the diviner words of his Son and Lord, with homely odds and and cuds scraps of ballads. Nothing more touching, or in .1 soiige more strangely beautiful, did I ever wit ness. Her tr- nmloilB, rapid, affectionate, eager, Scotch voice — the swift, iiirolrss, be wildered mind, the Imfllcd utterance, the bright and perilous eye i some wild words, some household can's, something for .Inines, the names of the dead, Rab called rapidly . ' anil in a ' freinyt' voice, and bo starting tip, surprised, and slinking oil' as if he ?wore to blame somehow, or had been dream ing be heard. Many eager questions and beseeching! which J.iines and I could make nothing; of, anil on which she seemed to set her all, and then sink linck unuiiiler ? stood. ] I was very sad. James hovered nlmnl, put out nnd miserable, but active nnd exnet us ever ; road to lirr, when there1 was a lull,.Khort Lits frnui the I'snlnis, prose anil lnvtrc, clumling the latter iu his . own mile and serious way, showing great knowledge of the Gt words, bearing up like a man, and doating over her as his ' ain Ailie.' 'Ailie, mo, woman 1 Mil ain boiniic wee dawtie !' 'J'lie end was drawing on ; the golden bowl was breaking; the silver cord was fast lieing loosed — that animula Uandula, vagula hospes, comcsqve, was about to floe. The body and the isonl — companions for sixty years — were being sundered, inn) biking leave. She was walking, alone, through the valley (-r that shadow, into which one day we must all niter — anil yet bIic was nut alone, for we know whose rod and stun' wore coinfortiiiK her. Oue night she had. talleu quiet, and as we hoped, asleep; her eyes were shut. We put down the gas, and sat watching her. Suddenly she sat up iu bed, and taking a bedgown which was lying on it rolled up, kIio hold it enjrerly to her breast, — to the right side. We could see her eyes bright with a surprising tenderness and joy, bendiug over this linnilli! of clothes. She held it us a womnn holds her sucking child; opraiiiiK 'nt hor night-gown impa -lieutly, and holding it dose, and brooding over it, mil imiriii:iriii!-; foolish little words, as over oue whom his ui.ithcrcont furteth, and who sucks and is satisfied. ]t was pitiful and 6lraUK-! ti see her wasted -lv|ngli-ok, keen and yet vague — her im mense love. ' Preserve me !' groaned James, giving \- way. And then she rocked back and for ward, as if to miilie it sleep, hushing it, and wasting on it her infinite fondness. ' Woo's me, doctor ; I declare she's thinkin' it's that Iraim.' ' What iwirn ?' 'The only bairn we' ever had, our. woe Mysie, and she's in the Kingdom, forty years and tnnir.' It was plainly true : the pain in the chest telling its urgent story to a bewildered, ruined brain, was misread and mistaken ; it gnegested to her the uneasiness of a brcnel full of milk, and than the child ; and so again once more they were together, and she had her »in wee Mysie in her bosom. This was the close, bhe sank rapidly : the delirium left her ; but, as she whispered, she was ' clean silly ;' it was the lightening before the final darkness. Aftor having lain some time still — her eyes shut, she Raid ' James !' He cnine close to her, and lifting up her calm, clear, boantiful eyes, she save him a long look, turned to me kindly hut shortly, looked ? for Ilab but could not see him, then turned to her husband again, as if she would never leave off looking, shut her eyes, and ; 'composed herself. She Iny for some lime breathing quick, and passed away so gently, that when we thought she was 'gone. Sanies, in his old-fashioned way held the mirror to her face. After a long punsc, one small spot of dimness was breathed out; it.vauished away, and never returned, Ir.iviiig the blank clear darkness of the mirror without n stain. ' What is our life? ? ? . .. . it is cvbn a Vapor, which nppenrcth for a littli* time, and then vnnisheth away.' . IUb i all ; this. time had been full awake Htid mntionleSR ; - he came forward beside . ils : Ailie's .Iituuii Vliieh James had held, was 'banging Jo»tn( it was sonked with las. tears j fiat licked it all over carefully, looked itjicr,'. ami returned to his place Jiinaerllio'iaule.^ ''?', *_;. ' : JatueS -oiii! XiiS, .1 ;-3oii'l know liow -' lojig, but for sonic time, —saying nothing; lie darted up nbrujjtlj', 'and with some ? liyiee went to the table, and putting his right fore ami middle fingers each into a shoe, pulled them out, and pnt them on, breaking one of the leather lalchets, and muttering in anger, ' I never did the like o' that afore 1' I believe lie never did ; nor after either. ??Rab!' he Baid roughly, and pointing with his llinrcb to the bottom of the bed. Kab leapt up and settled himself;' his head and eye to the dead face. ' Maistcr John, ye'll rait forme,' said the carrier; and disappeared in the darkness, thunder ing down shirs in his heavy shoes. Iran to a front window : there he was, already round the house, and out at the gate, flee ing like i shadow. I was afraid about him, and yet not afraid ; so I sat down beside Bab, and being wearied, fell nsleep. I awoke from a sudden noise outside. It was Novem ber, and there lied been a heavy fall of snow. Hal was in utatu quo : he heard the noise too, and plainly knew it, but never moved. I looked out ; and there at the gat--, in the dim morning — for the snn was not np, was Jess nnd the enrt, — a cloud of steam rising from the old marc. I did not sec James ; be was already at the door, and came up the stairs, and met me. It wns less than three hours since he left, and lie must have posted out — who knows lmw ?— to Uowgate, full nine miles off; yoked Jess, and driven her as tonished into (own. He had an armful of blankets, anil was streaming with perspi ration. He nodded to roe, spread out on the floor two pairs clean old blankets hav ing at their corners, ' A. G., 1796,' in large letters in red worsted. These were the initials of Alison Gnome, and James may have looked in at her from without — him- self unseen but not nuthought of— when he was - wat, wat, and weary,' and after having walked many a mile over the lulls, may have seen her sitting, while ' a' the lave were slccpin*;1 anlJ i-J *oe firelight working her iinnic on the blankets, for her ain James' bed. Hc'motionnl Ral) down, and taking his wife in his arms, laid her in the blankets, nnd happed her carefully and firmly up, leaviug the face uncovered ; and then lift ing her, he nodded again sharply to me, and with a resolved but utterly miserable face, strode along the passage, and down stairs, followed by liah. I followed with a light ; but he didn't need it. I went out, holding stupidly the candle in the calm frosty air) we were soon at the gate. I could have helped him, but 1 saw he was not to be meddled with, and he was strong and did not nwii it. He laid her down as tenderly, as safely, as he had lifted her nut ten days lefore — as tenderly as when he had her first in his arms when she was only 'A. G.'— sorted her, leaving that beautiful sealed face open to the heavens : and then taking Jess by the head, he moved away. He did not notice me, neither did liali, who presided behind the cart. I stood till tlify passed through the long shndow of llie.GjIlege.and turned up Xiiliolson-stiwt. I heard the solitary cart sound through tbe streets, and die away and come again; anil I returned, thinking of that company going np Libberton Brae, then along Uoslin Jluir,lhe morning light touching the Timtlands and making them like on-looking ghosts ; then down the hill through Ar.cliiudinny woods, past 'haunted Woodhotuclce;' and as day break came sweeping up the bleak Laro niormuirs, and fell on his own door, the company would stop, and James would take the key, nnd lift Ailic up again, lay ing her on her on 11 bed, and having put Jess up, would return with Rub and Bhut the dobr. James buried his wife, with his neigh bors mourning, Rab inspecting the solem nity from a distance. It was snow, and that black ragged hole would look strange in the midst of the swelling spotless cushion of white. James looked after everything ; then rather suddenly fell ill, and took to bed; was insensible when the doctor came, and soon died. A sort of low fever was prevailing in the village, and his want of sleep, bis exhaustion, and his misery made him ant to take it. The grave was not difficult to re-open. A fresh fall of snow had again made all things white and smooth ; Bab once more more looked on, and slunk home to the stable. And what of Rab ? I asked for him next week at the new carrier who got the goodwill of James' business, and was now master of Jess and her cart. ' How's Rub?' He put me off, and said rather rudely, ' What's yonr business with the dowg?' I was not to be so put off. ' Where's Rnb?1 He, getting confused and red, and intermeddling with his hair, said, ' 'Deed, sir, Kab's deid.' ' Dead ! what did he die of V ^Weel, sir,' said he, getting redder, 'he didua exactly dee ; he was killed. Iliad to brain him wi' a rack pin ; there was nae doin' wi' him. He lay in the trcviss \vi' the mear, and wadna come out. 1 tempit him wi1 kail and meat, but lie wad take imetliinp, nnd keepit me frae fecdin' the bco-sl, and he was aye gur gurrin' and grup gruppin' me by the legs. I was laitli to make awn wi' the anld dowg, his like wasna. atwecn this and Tbnrnhill — but, 'deed, sir, I could do naething else.' I believed him. Fit end for Rab— quick and complete. His teeth and his friends gone, why should lie keep the peace and be civil ? lie was hnried in tlie.bracfncc, near the burn, the children of tire village, his com panions, who used to make very free with him Mid sit on his ample stomach, as he lay half nsleep at the door in the sun — wutching the solemnity. (Condoled ) Oi.n Sammy Snowdek was a noted colored preacher in Boston forty years ago. His discourses were original and aimicing, his prayers especially so. One evening he concluded a prayer with, ' Lord bress everybody, cepting the brudder who put the jackass cent in the contribution box,' 