ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. The weather during the past fortnight has been highly favourable for out-door sports of all descriptions, and " Glorious Goodwood," at present in full swing, is being carried on under the most favourable circumstances as far as climatic influences are concerned. Before going into details of the fortnight's racing it may be as well to touch upon the Bend Or case, which now happily for all concerned is de finitely settled. Once the Jockey Olub had made up its mind to act the dispute was speedily ended. Evidence was called on l>oth sides, and Bfter all the persons who were in a position to speak with authority as to the identity of the two colts had been examined, the Stewards— Hon. James Lowther, lord Oalthorpe, and Mr. W. G. Craven- quickly announced their com* plete belief in the winner of this year's Derby being Bend Or, by Donoaster, out of Eouge Bose, by eiving the following decision:—" We, as Stewards of Epsom, unanimously decide that the chesnut colt, Bend Or, which came in first for the Derby of 1880, is by Donoaster out of Bonnge Hose, and therefore the objection lodged by Messrs. Brewer and Blanton is overruled." The " Bend Or scare," as before stated, caused a great sensation in turf circles • in fact, nothing elae was talked of for some time after the discharged stud groom unbosomed himself to the owners of Babert the Devil, and though, of course, bets on the Derby could not be influenced by tbe result, both bookmakers and backeis were iu a quandary as to how to act with regard to the St. Leger. The confidence In their ability to prove their case was very marked on both sides when the objec tion was first made, but the various chops and changes as matters progressed was most perplex ing, and so evenly "did tbe evidence—to out siders—seem balanced, that very few would have been surprised had the verdict been the other way. However, tbe matter is finally set tled now, and Bend Or aDd Bobert the Devil are once more rnnning a close race for favouritism for tbe St. Leger, though at the time of writing Bend Or— on the first blush of the decision in bis favour—has tbe call at about 3 to 1, while Bobert is at fours—tbe letter's decline beiag attributable to his flukey defeat by Oipolata at the July meeting. The Leger this year promises to be the meat interesting decided for many years. Besides tbe two cracks, there are a pumber of good-class three-year-olds, snch as Mask, Tbe Abbott, Teviotdale, Zealot, Mua caster, and Oipolata in the field, and' it will be a great betting race. Of the meetings whioh have been decided since Liverpool I may begin with the KemptoD Park July, ou the 15th and 16th of July. The Eempton Park Grand Two-Year .013 Stakes of 500 sots, was woo by a filly, by Favocios oat ofAdrastis, which started favourite. . Angelina, who promised great things . early . in ' - the season, ran third ; but- she appears to be a non-stayer, and is not likely to be dangerous in any of the classic races next year.. At Manchester the Mid rummer. Handicap of 500 sovs. did not call forth mnch competition, and Essayes, a colt by Albert Victor, out of Elfknot, carrying 7 st. 10 lb., beat seven moderates, of whom the Liverpool Gap fancy Lindrick started fi'st favourite. The July Handicap, another rich added - money prize,brought out eleven runners, and Blanton's Costa (6 st 13 lb.) started at 4 to 1; but the outsider of the party Plaieante, a six-year-old mare by Cymbal, carrying 7 st 1 lb., won easily by four lengths. Plaieante belongs to Lord Elles mere, a patrdu of tbe Heath Honse Stable, who owned that brilliant little Gup-horse Hampton. Eandown Park again occupied the attention of the racing world on tbe 22nd and 23rd. Though a gate money meeting, theBe fixtures at San down are highly popular, thanks to the libe rality displayed by the management in en dowing their stakes, and though on this oocasion the best hotses in training were in waiting for Goodwood, tbe fields were large, and the sport very good indeed. Lord Falmonth evidently made a mistake when he allowed Mr. Vyner to persuade bim to dispose of the roaring Two Thousand winner Oharibert. The horse went from bad to worse after hie sensational win over tbe Bowley Mile, and was looked upon as worth less last back end, bnt the winter's rest has re stored his powers; and, moreover, he now runs consistently, which he did not do as a youngster. At the present time he may be fairly classed the smartest horse in England over short courses, though, perhaps, with Trappist and Ecossais out of training, and Hackthorpe degenerating, the quality of onr flyers is hardly as high as in the days when Prince Charlie, Vulcan, Blenheim, Lowlander, Thunder, Trappist, and Ecossais were to tbe fore over the T.Y.O. Bat to return to Gharibert and Sandown. Park, the chesnut son of Thormanby and Ger trude, was allotted 10 at. 4 lb. In the Surbiton Plate of abont 5 furlongs, as all tbe other com petitors save Strathavon and Alpha were carry ing lesB than 6 6t. odds of 3 to 1 were laid against the topweight, but he came to tbe front at tbe finish, and won a pretty race by a head; and as he has beaten Phoenix, the great French man that whopped Silvio last Jnly, he may, as before stated, be accorded the pride of place among sprinters. The Great Kingston Two Year-Old Plate of 500 eova. was considered good enough to send the Yankee crack Iroquois for, and backers laid 5 to 4 that he won; but the 7-lb. penalty, so often fatal to youngsters, stopped him, and the popular bookmaker, Mr. 0\. Bush, landed the race with LadyOhelmsford, a filly by Bosjcrucian out ot Lucretia, while the favourite could not even gain a place. The de feat of Iroquois mabeB the two-year-old running very perplexing, as only a week before he had beaten Tristran and run Bal Gal to a head for the July. Excepting these two races there was nothing in the running at the meet ing worth chronicling, and we may pass on to Goodwood. An alteration was to be made in tbe -order of running this year by which tbe Stakes was set for the first day in place of tbe Stewards' Cup. The change has commended itself to all interested, as the Goodwood Stakes is the principal betting race of the meeting, and its disposal on the first day - is not only a relief to all speculators on the result, but it also gives horses a chance of running for this and the Oup on the third day as well. An unusual amount of mystery has surrounded the market with regard to the Good wood Stakes this year, and what with the eleventh hour withdrawal of the Northumber land Plate winner, Myceuie, and the difficulty in hitting upon the best of Alec. Taylor's lot, early backers by no means "stood op velvet" when the numbers went up. Only two, Attains and Emperor Titus, went out for the opening event, the Graven Stakes, and the currish Attains refusing to try his opponent had an easy task. Tbe Halnaker Stakes for two-year-olds was also reduced to a duel in which Gapuchin by Rosi crucian—Dark Blue — easily beat Bedworth. Then came the race of the day, particulars of which are appended:— THE GOODWOOD STAKES. Handicap, of 25 sots, each, 15 ft;., with 300added; winners extra; second received 100 sots ; two miles and a half; 88 subs., 15 of whom pay 5 sots. each. Mr. R. Jardine's br.c. Reveller, by Brown Bread— Hygeia, 4yrs ,7 st. 41k (Kellett) ... 1 Mr. W. S. Crawfurd's cb.c Edelweiss, by Adven turer—'W ildflower, 3 yre., 5 st. 11 lb. (car. 6 Bt ), (Greaves) 2 Mr. W. S. Crawfurd's b.c. Bay Archer, by Toxo philite—Flurry, 4yrs. 8st. 5 lb. (Fordham) ... 3 Prince Soltykoff's Thurio, 6 yrs.. 9st. 41b. (Cannon) Mr. C. Perkins's Roehampton, aged, 6 st. (Snowden) Lord Rosebery's Ridotto, 5 yrs ,8 st. 61b. (Constable) Mr. Hungerford's Advance, aged, 8 st. 5 lb. (caT. 8st. 8 lb.) (F. Archer). Mr. O. S. Paris'sStitchery, 4yrs., 7st. lib. (Luke). Mr. P. Lorillard's WaUensteio, 3 yrs, 7 st. (Weston). Mr. Crawfurd declared to win with Bay Archer. Betting—3 to 1 agst. Reveller, 11 to I agst. Thurio, 7 to 1 agst. Edelweiss, 8 to 1 each agst. Roehampton and Bay Archer, 10 to 1 agst. Advance, 100 to 8 agst. Ridotto, 100 to 6 agst. Stitcbery, and 20 to 1 agst. IV&UcnsteiD.; Before giving the particulars of the running it may be as well to .describe the various chops and changes in the betting. In the first place, Mycense, as before mentioned, was favourite. Tben came what at the time was supposed to be Mr. Crawford's best. But as the Manton stable —who won the race in the three previous years —had four to choose from, and gave no inclina tion as to their intentions until the last moment, the public got into sad trouble in trying to bit tbe pea themselves, though there was perhaps more money on the stable horse Bay Archer than any of the others. The first favourite, however, at the last turned np in Reveller, an own brother to Hilarious, whom, in spite of his moderate public performances. Bates regarded as a certainty. The two topweights, Thurio and Roehampton, were also well fancied, and'so too was old Advance, on whom Archer made his re appearance in the saddle; in fact, a better betting race is seldom seen, every horse in the field having friends. When the flag fell, they went away at a very slow pace, and Fordham thinking it too mild, took Bay Archer to the front, and soon led them by twenty lengths, Wallenstein being second, Edelweiss third, with Thurio, Reveller, Stitcbery, Ridotto, Advance, and Roe hampton in tbe ordtr named. After going a mile Bay Archer's lead was considerably reduced, but notbiDg .got to bis head until Roehampton, who wsth Reveller and Edelweiss were alone left in the race at the distance, tackled him. For a 'few strides the pair ran together, but then Bay Archer shook off the Korthern horse and went on till Reveller made his effort, and tben "the Bay" was beaten at once, and Edelweiss had to come to the rescue. Fifty yards from borne tbe favourite had dis tinctly tbe worst of the straggle, bat Mrj Craw ford's colt lost ground through swerving, and after a great finish Reveller got home by a head. Bay Archer was a bed third, Roehampton fourth, and tben at a long interval cxme Thurio, Advance, Ridotto, and Stitchery, with Wallen stein last. Time, 5 min. 13J sec. Yalne of the stakes, £685. Mr. Ten Broeck won tbe next race, a sweep of 10 sovs. with ICO added, over the T.Y.O., with The Gowan, by Scottish Chief; and then came TBE BICHMOND STAKES, Ot 25 sovs. e&cb;, 10 ft., with 600 added, for two year-olds ; colts. 8 st. 10 lb.; fillies, 8 st. 7 lb.: win ners extra; T.Y.C. (0 fur.). 125 subs., 29 of whom pay 3 sovs. each. Lord Falmouth's br. f. Bal Gal, by Adventurer— Cantinlere, 8 at. 18 lb. (Inc. 6 lb ex.) (F. Archer) 1 Prince fioltykoff s br. c. Scobell, 9 at. 6 lb. (trio. 10 lb. ex.) (BosaUej) .. - 2 Colonel Ingram's br. f. Boaie. 8 at. 7 lb. (Goater)... 3 Lord Boaebery's t by Doncaster—Czarina, 8 at. 7 7 lb. (Constable). Lord Bradford's f. by Galopln—Adversity. 8 at 7 lb: (W. Macdonald). Mr. Bush's Lady Chelmsford, 8 at IS lb. (Inc 6 lb. ex.) (J. Osborne). Lord Falmonth's Golden Plover, 8 st. 10 lb. (car. 8 St. 11 lb.) (F. Webb). Mr. F. Gretton's Geologist, 8 st. 10 lb. (Cannon). Mr. Legh's Sir Charles, 9 st. 6 lb. (inc. 10 lb. ex.) (Glover). Mr.,P. Lorillard's Paw-Paw, 8 st. 7 lb. (H. Jeffery). Mr. Sherborne's George Mansfield, 8 st. 10 lb. (Barker). Lord Falmontk declared to win with Bal Gal. Cettlng.—100 to 30 agst. Scobell, 7 to 2 agst. Sir CharleB, 4 to 1 agst. Bal Gal, 8 to 1 agst. Paw-Paw, 10 to 1 each agst. Bosie and Lady Chelmsford, and 14 to 1 agst. Czarina dllv. Bal Gal won easily by three-quarters of a length, and apparently is the best two-year-old ont. Sir Charles, the hero of Ascot, oonld make no fight under his penalty, and he must do better than this if he is to win next year's Derby. The rich Gratwicke Btakes was a gift to Mask, as was the Drayton High- weight Handicap to Lord Bradford's Greythep; bnt the Ham Stakes of 100 eovs. each was contested by five youngsters, and produced an exciting finish, viotory de claring itself for Mr. Crawford's beautifnl filly Tbebais, by Hermit—Devotion, who, in the hands of Fordham, just beat a hot favourite in Mr. Gretton's Amber Witch, and wound up the { first day's proceedings. Phcenix opened the ball on Wednesday by cantering away from Parol and Gil Bias, in the Lennox Stakes and then that 1 nsefni old slave of Lord Wilton's cradle carried 8 st. 13 lb., and won the Visitors' Plate from a good handicap field. The Sussex Stakes brought out some Leger horses, and resulted as follows:— THE SUSSEX STAKES. Of 26 eovs. each, 10 ft., and 3 only to the fund if declared, Ac., with 600 added, for three-year-olds; colts, 8 st. 10 lb.; fillies, 8 st. 7 lb.; winners extra. One mile. Prince tioltykoff's Mask, by Carnival—Meteor, 9 st. 1 lb. (in. 6 lb. ex.) (Cannon) 1 Lord Falmouth's Apollo, 8 st 101b. (F. Archer) ... 2 Lord Bradford's Zealot, 9 st. l ib. (in. 61b. ex.) (J. Osborne) 3 Mr. Perkins's Jenny Howlet—Sister to Palmflower, 8 st. 12 lb. (in. 6 lb. ex.)(3nowden) Mr. Loder's Sackcloth, 8 st. 6 lb. (Goater) Lord Boeebery'e Ercildoune, 8 st. 6 lb. (Constable) Betting—Even on Mask, 7 to 2 agst Zealot, 0 to I agst. Jenny Howlet, 7 to 1 agst. Apollo, 12 to 1 agst. Ercildoune. The distance was too short for Zealot, and Jenny Howlet could never ask the winner to gallop. Mask won without an effort by a length. Jenny Howlet was fourth. The American colt Iroquois, who is a moBt in and-out performer, credited Mr. Lorrilard with the Lavant Stakes, Isola Madre, an own sister to Isonomy, running second, after which a large field saddled np for the popular Stewards' Cup. When the weights came out Lord Hastings' pair, Hackthorpe and Fire King, were pitched upon by the public, first one and then the other was at the bead of the quotations, until Fire King was found to be inferior to his companion in a trial. Then Hackthorpe became a very firm favourite, and of the others Elf King was backed for most money. The following are the particulars of the race:— 1HE STEWARDS OOP, Value 800 sots., added to a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sots. eacb,h.ft.; three-quarters of a mile. Mr. Crawfurd's Elf Eing. by Joskin—Queen Mab, 4 yrs., 7 st 8 lb. (car. 7 st. 9 lb) (Fordham) ... 1 Lord Bastings' Hackthorpe, 5 yrs., 8 st. 7 lb. (car. 8st. 81b ) (F. Archer) 2 Mr. R. Ten Broeck's Veto (late Hard Times), 6yrs., 6 st. 7 lb. (Bucknell) .' 3 Count F. de Lagrange's Phoenix, S yrs., 9 st. 6 lb. (F. Webb.) Count F. de Lagrange's Japonica, 4 yrs., 8st. 131b. (Goater.) Mr. Leigh's Sir Joseph, 6 yrs., 8 st. 6 lb. (Gloyer.) Lord Rosebery's La Meryeille, 5 yrs., 8 st. 5 lb. (Constable.) Lord Lascelles's Centenary, G yrs., 8 st. 2 lb. (car. 8 st 5 lb.) (J. Osborne.) Mr. Christie's Telescope, aged, 8 st. 11 lb. (C. (Wood.) Mr. F. Swindell's Falmouth, 4 yrs, 7 st. 12 lb. (Morgan.) Mr. B. C. Naylor's Knight of Burghley, 4 yrs., 7 st. 9 lb. (Huxtable.) Lord Wilton's Toastmaster, 3 yrs., 7 st. 5 lb. (W. Macdonald.) Mr. H. Willmer's Hem/ George, 3 yrs., 7 st. 4 lb. (Moirelh) Duke of Westminster's Douranee, 3 yrs., 7 st. 6 lb. (Templeman.) Mr. J. Saunders's Maid of Orleans, 6 yrs., 7 St. 2 lb. (F. Sharpe.) Mr. Y. R. Graham's Discount, 3 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb. (GreaTes.) Duke of Montrose's Strathblane, 6 yrs., 7 st. (Bell.) Prince Batthyany's Cannie Chiel, 3 yrs., 7 st. (Luke.) Mr. Sherborne's Sun of York, 3 yrs., 7 st. (Gallon.) Mr. C. Lsngley's Van Dyke, 3 yrs., 7 st. (Booty.) Duke of Hamilton's Exmouth, 4 yrs., 6 st. 12 lb. (Cranham.) Lord Hastings' Fire King, 3 yrs., 0 st. 8 lb. (Ken dall.) Colonel Ingram's Alice Lorraine, 4 yrs., 6 st. 7 lb. (Sberratt.) Duke of Westminster's Prefect, 6 yrs., 6 st. 6 lb. (White.) Mr, C. Bush's Belfry, 3 yrs., 6 st. 4 lb. (Sailer.) Duke St. Albans' Androchis, 3 yrs., 6 st. 4 lb. (car, 6 st. 6 lb.) (Tinsley.) Mr, B. C. Lane's Death or Glory, 3 yrs., 6 st. 4 lb. (in 4.1b. ex.) (Barrett) Mr. Hungerford's Boreas, 3 yrs., 6 st. (Browne.) Betting—100 to 30 agst. Hackthorpe, 10 to 1 agst. Blf King, 11 to 1 agst. Sua of York, 100 to 8 to 40 to 1 agat. the othera. The favourite took np the running before reaching the dis tance, and looked all over a winner until Elf Sing challenged him fifty yarda from home, when he began to shut up, and the four-year-old running very gamely won a fine race by a head. Discount fourth, Dannie Ohiel fifth, Toast master sixth, and Belfry seventh. Time, 1 min. 20 aeo. Odds of 20 to 1 were laid on Mask for the Drawing-room Stakes, and he landed them, but was a near thing, and Cannon had to do all he knew to beat the American filly Nereid by a neck. Visitors to Goodwood were promised verj bad weather for the Gap on Thursday, but happily the raiD, which came down in earnest during the night, cleared off after breakfast, and we were greeted with a beautifully fine clear day. Under these circumstances it is not to be wondered at that the attendance both of fashionables and the ordinary racegoers was very j large, the beautiful costumes of the ladies who patronized the lawn in front of the Stand making a brilliant spectacle. The Cup dwindled down to two runners at the last, but though Isonomy'e absence was greatly regretted, both Chippendale and Dresden China are worth going a long way to see stripped. The first raceon the card only produced a match between the Ame rican Neried and Grantham, of whom the former cot firmed her form with Mask, and won with great ease. Only three contested the Singleton Stakes, but they were Peter, Phoenix, and Parole —three of the best handicap horses of. the pre sent day. Peter, who has been taking things very easy this season, was the fancied one of the trio, odds of 5 to 4 being laid that he won, and being in the hnmour, he justified the confidence of his backers by cantering home from the French Phoenix, who beat the American a neck for-serond place. Bal Gal's form in the Jaly and Bichmond Stakes frightened everything save Mazurka out of the - rich Rous Memorial Stakes, and Lord Oadogan's filly might as well have been kept in the stable, as she had not the ghost of a show with Wheel of Fortune's suc cessor. This race disposed of, the two cracks came forth to do battle for THE GOODWOOD CUP. Value 800 sovs, added to a sub. of 20 sovs. each, li ft: weiilit for are, with certain penalties and Uowanoes. Two miles and a half. Seventeen subs. Mr. C. Perkin's Dresden China, by Highborn — Fortress, by Citadel, 1 yrs, 8 st. 7 lb. (Snowden). 1 Lord Bradford's Chippendale, 4 yrs., 8 st. 10 lb. (J. Osborne). . .. " 2 Betting—8 tfl 1 on Chippendale. The race cannot be said to afford any criterion as to the merits of the two horses, as Chippen dale bad to make all his own running, and was beaten for speed at the finish. An idea of the pottering rate the race was ran can be imagined from the time, 6 min. 7§ sec. Had there been something in to ensure a strong pace a different result might have been recorded, as Chippen dale is a sterling stayer, though a horse of one pace all through; but the winner is a grand mare without doubt, and as she palled upas fresh as paint the excuses made for the loser may yet be proved to have been unnecessary. The two met in the Csesarwitch last year on the same terms as in this race, when the horse won, with Dresden China third, and it was on this form that the race was set down as sucn a good thing for Chippendale. Probably the favourite's friends are not satisfied now of bis inferiority, but there will not be much to choose in the betting between the pair if they meetj again on the Bame terms. The only large field which turned oat in the Gap was in the Chichester Stakes, for which fourteen started, and Belfry, a very nice square-made filly, by Cathedral out of La Naine, having been let off at 6 st., she made an example of her opponents, and won by six 'lengths. She had been greatly fancied for the Stewards' Cap, hut to-day as much as 20 to 1 was laid against her. Elf King and the Mandarin being the potted ones with the public. Golden Plover, a fine looking youngster of Lord Falmouth's, carried backers money in the Prince of Wales's Stakes, but he is evidently no good at present, and the winner was found in a colt of Lord Bradford's, by the Leger winner Wenlock out of Duvernay. Plungers were more at home in the Last Bent wiok Memorial Stakes, as the odds of 7 to 2 laid on Jessie Agnes were landed by forty lengths. The racing on the last day promises to be very interesting, as a number of horses are hacked for the Chesterfield Cup, and all the other races have filled well. On Friday the Americans bad another winning hoar, their filly Faw-Paw, a half- sister to Parole, who has previously exhibited very moderate term, beating two fancied ones in Meteora end Capuchin for the Molecombe Stahes. The Chesterfield Cap of 300 sovs. brought out a large field of handicap horses, and Lord Olive, who was a very good horse in his young days, was made favourite, at 5 to 1, Victor Emanuel, the Northern colt, being next in demand at 6 to 1, while a number of others received substantial support. The start was not a good one, and had they been dispatched on even terms Exmouth would probably have won; but as it was Victor Emanuel and Sword Dance fought out the finish, the former winning easily by a length and a half. The time for the mile and two furlongs was 2 min. 23 sec. Three nailers in Thurio, Roehampton, and Xnval con tested the Queen's Plate at weight for age, two miles. Roehampton was the favourite, as he had beaten Thurio out of sight in the Stakes, hut the friends of Pricee SoltykofFs horse set his defeat in that race down to the slow pace, and the result of thisjrunning to a certain extent confirms their opinion,' as he beat Rockampton most decisively. The Lord Olifden stock, bowever, are not everyday horses, and the way Roehampton curled up when asked for an extra effort at the finish shows that he cannot be depended to run two severe races in a week. Greyhen was the favourite, and won the Corin thian Plate, and then Muriel, by Parmesan, out of CbevisauDce (dam of Jannette) wound up the meeting by beatiDg EvasioD, Iron Bounds, and Oamorra for the Nassau Stakes. This filly, as her pedigree suggests, belongs to Lord Falmouth, who had a very satisfactory week. Brighton, as usual, followed Goodwood. Busi ness is so dull just now that the " Sussex fort night" has been an unusually tame one, though there has been no lack of competition for the different races. On the first day the principal race was THE BniOUTON STAKES. Handicap of 16 sovs. each, 6 ft., with 600 added : winners extra; second received 60 sovs. About bne mile and a half. Mr. Jardine's b.c. Humbert, by Macaroni—'Wood bine, 4 yrs., 7 st. 4 lb. (Keliett) 1 Mr. W. S. Crawfurd's b.c. Bay Archer, 4 yrs., 8 St. 9 lb. (Fordbam) ... ... 2 Lord Kosebery's b.h. Rhidorroch, 6 yrs., 8 st. (Con stable) 8 Mr. P. Loriliard's Parole, aged; 8 st. 12 lb. (EL Jeffery). Mr. Hungerford's Advance, aged, 8 st. 7 lb. (car. 8 st. 8 lb.) (F. Archei). Mr. L. de Rothschild's Favo, 4 yrs., 8 st. (Luke). Mr. H. W. Fitzwilliam's The Dean, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb. (C. Wood) Mr. Paris's Stitcheiy, 4 yrs., 7 St. 5 lb. (W. Mac donald). Sir W. A. Lethbridge's St. Augustine, 4 yrs., 0 at. 10 lb. (Gallon). Mr. Dunlop's Whisht, 4 yrs., 6 st. 4 lb. (car. 6 st. 7 lb. (Brockwell). Betting— 3 to 1 agst. Parole, 9 to 2agst. Advance, 6 to 1 agst Bay Archer, 100 to 16 agst. The Dean, 100 to 12 agst. St Augustine, 10 to 1 (at first, 6 to 1) agst Humbert, 12 to 1 agst Bbidorroch, 14 to l agst. Favo, and 26 to 1 agst. 8titohery. Won easily by a length. St. Augustine was fourth, and Parole fifth. Bates, who trains Humbert, has been in wonderful lack lately. Since the opening the season he bas won the Ascot Stakes with Teviotdale, the Liverpool Cup with Blackthorn, and the Goodwood Stakes with Reveller, besides the Brighton Stakes. On the second day there was some good sport, but the Cup was not a success. Last year Isonomy frightened everything on the field save a stable companion and two moderates, and this was the form displayed by Alec. Taylor's pair. Bay Archer and Edelweiss bad a similar effect, and some difficulty was experienced iu getting four competitors (four must start or tbe cup is not given) to the post. The following is the result:— THE BRIGHTON OOP. Value 3C0 bo vs., with 10ft for the second, and GO for the third, added to a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each; weight for age; penalties and allowances; two miies. Mr. W. 8. Crawford's b.c. Bay Archer, by Toxo piiilite—Flurry,*4 yr9 st. (Fordham) 1 Mr. VV. S. Crawfurd's b.c. Edelweiss. 3 yrs. 7 St. (Gallon) 2 Mr. D. Dunlop's b.c. Solver, 4 yrs., 8 st. 7 lb. (A. May) 3 Mr. Jlungerford's Advance, aged, Ost. lib. (P. Archer) Mr. Crawfurd declared to win with Bay Archer. Betting—9 to 4 on Bay Archer, 4 to 1 agst. Edel weiss, and 6 to 1 agst. advance. Edelweiss made the rnnning at a great pace, with the object of cutting down Advance and Eolver, and eo effectually did he perforin the task that half a mile from home only himself and Bay Archer could raise a gallop. The three year-old was then pulled off, and Bay Archer won on sufferance by a length. The time, 3 min. 34§ sees., Is exceptionally fast, and Edel weiss is such a fine stayer that if not crushed with weight be should make a bold show in the Csesarewitch and other long distance races. On the third day PriDce Bathyany's colt Cannie Ohiel, by Scottish Chief, got back his party's Goodwood losses by winning the Stewards' Cup from St. Augustine, The Manda rin, Snttler, and others, and Oharibert (10 at. 4 lb.) beat Valentino (8 st. 7 lb.), and Lamprey (6 st. 1 lb.), for the Rous Stakes. At Lewes the principal race on the first day was the Astleys Stakes, of 25 sovs., with 500 added, for two-year olds. Nine started, and the race resulted in a moat remarkable finish. Scobell, Wandering Nun, and Mezurka ran a dead beat for first place, and barely a head from these three Thora and Cumberland tied for fourth honours. The Lewes Handicap was a failnrp, only five mode rates competing, and tfae winner turned up in Mr. Dodd, by The Miner, a foar-year-old, weighted at <5 st. 12 lb. 