Iffj i f 1 1 ? | 11 i^it ffriEvSm Alas for Cheater ! — alas for Tom Amos ! — alas for the bellman who interjected himself in past days before the electors of Mudgee ! It is all II. P. 'with them — they may now sit down, blackfellow fashion, in the ashes and yell Ichabod. The qualification clause of the new Electoral Bill is as a gag in their windy mouths. No more will any one of them be able to mount the immemorial stump, and do a ' head-firster ' in the interests of 'this glorious country.' Gentlemen with more gas in the throat than com in the pocket may still be willing to ' die ' for the people ; but the forty pounds ' ticket ' will prevent them from doing any such glorious thing. Of course I was not sur prised to receive the following from one of these blighted patriots. The reader will notice that it is intended for the touching air of Mother says 1 1 musn't : — I yearn to be a proud M. P., A cut above my neighbour, To House from stump I want to jump— I hate the name of labour. The thought of pick, it makes me sick, I cannot bear the shovel : 'Tis wrong to bar a would-be star — A Tully, in a hovel. I long for rest in feathered nest ! What rank impostor doesn't? My game's played out, I cannot spout— The new Act says, I musn't 1 It says— it says, I musn't! Because I've not the money got, It says— it says, I musn't ! On stump and tub by local pub My mouth has laboured daily : By dint of gas. no more, alas, I'll get my living gaily I To quote Tom Paine will be in vain — The game of slating churches Is now ' no go,' because, you know, We're kicked from off our perches. With not a cent for Parliament I cannot stand — I ' dm sn't ! ' Without the ' tin ' one can't get in— The new Act says I mustn't ! It says— it says, I mustn't J Because my fob is bare of bob, It says, it says, I mustn't ! It is no use to air my views Upon the eight hours ' racket : ' My creed may be all right, you see, But no one now will back it. Big words from hence, and loud pretence, Will fall in worth to zero. No chance have I from this to try To ' come ' the tap-room hero. My grief is strong— I feel the wrong : What sucking patriot doesn't 7 I'd like to 'blow' in House— bat no The New Act says I mustn't I It says— it says, I mustn't ! I'm a chap without a rap, ' Cos' It says— it says, I mustn't t History repeats itself. Thus we know, or at least everyone who has read the memoirs concerning the Peninsular campaign does know, that on the 16th of June, 1815, the 'Iron Duke,' with only a carpet bag and a walking-stick, arrived at Quatre-Bras, with the object of giving his friend, the ' Little Corporal' a gentle surprise, and rather taken aback was the dear little fellow on that particular occasion ; but not one whit more astounded was he than were the mem bers of the brassy quarter in Macquarie-street when General Treasurer Watson brought down his little satchel on the night of the 16th of June. 1880. and commenced to pour forth its contents. The op posing forces had mus tered, the dozen and one questions as usual had been asked, and other preliminary work per formed when the General advanced towards the table. Immediately at his rear were his col leagues, the countenance of each forming a fitting study for any artist who might be desirous of placing on canvas a fine specimen of unalloyed in nocence. Not a muscle of Sir Henry's visage moved, even Hoskinskept still, and Baker mainted his usual benign expres sion. The stillness was painful, until the Ser geant-of-Arms, who had been up late the night before sitting fin a draft, sneezed. The report like a sign?! gun aroused the General, who posed himself and said, distinctly, 'ahem!' a remark which afforded the Minister for Works an opportunity to replv ' hear, hear.' It was not until then that the hon.' member for St. Leonards, who had been engaged in a warm discussion regarding the merits of a certain system of deodorization, nudged the ex-Treasurer and bade him prepare to receive cavalry. Like children around the winter's-fire listening !to the recital of some blood curdling ghost story the hon. members sat, while the General poured forth volley after volley of figures. The occupants of the Ministerial bench seemed in tensely interested. Other hon. members, who had not a finger in the piece de resistance, had just commenced to wonder what the deuce it all meant ; when forth came financial proposals. The stamp duties didnot have any marked effect, but in the mention of the wooLduties, four members gracefully fainted right awayj five others opened their mouths to such mi extent that tetanus seemed imminent, and the j of aU rose on end. Still calmly sat the Minis- I and the Sergeant at Anns again sneezed. ' Oh, ' I J eerusalem !' was the exclamation of the ex Treasurer, while from his right and left, something | which sounded much like ' Wool, I never ! ' was repeated. Then arose a wail of anguish from the gal leries, but unflinchingly the Treasurer kept on, ever and anon pausing to wipe his tear-bedimmed eyes. It was a painful spectacle, and had the refreshment room not been close at hand the result might have been very, very serious. What is the world coming to ? Stern statistics tell us that marriages are going out of fashion, and who has not noticed the inertness and indifference of our young beau in the matter of dancing. Indeed 'it is too much trouble,' 'too like hard work,' say they, and so the good old joys and pleasures of the world are dying out ! I fear their places are being filled but indifferently. Fancy the brilliant ballrooms with their eager and iovous crowds a f«w years ago, and what do we now find? Cold looks and ennui. Our latest cews from Paris informs us that the fair hostesses have to resort to ' allumeurs,' as they call the hired dancers they employ to lead off the dances, and thus set the ball going as it were : otherwise Wfi ATP asfeiirori nur ! young Parisians could not be got on their legs at all. [ It must be that these prudent, calculating young old men are afraid to trust themselves to the charms of the fair danscttse — fearful lest their cold hearts would thaw, and in a moment of passion they may propose, or entangle themselves in the web of matri mony, ' when the smallest favour or blink of kindness swings us back to allegiance more firmly than ever.' My neighbour Sharpset, being one of those -tfho is supposed to know more than the ordinary ' thing or two,' did not surprise me to any great extent when, the other day, after rushing into my sanctum, he placed his finger to his lips, and uttered the syllable iiusn 2 fvot a word to a soul — I have got a hlnt — its tea.' ' Well, to tell you the truth, Sharpset your excited state would lead me to suppose ' it ' was something stronger.' ' Now, don't try to be funny,' was his indignant rejoinder, ' I tell you its tea ; and if you want to make a thousand or so, beg, sell, or borrow, but buv tea out of Virmrl dn vnu qSS ' TVoJ just got half through with my explanation that almost ever since I could remembrr I had been a purchaser of the useful plant in question— in a small way, certainly, but with no great results, when Sharp set dragged me to the window, and directing my gaze to a block in the street, hissed in my ear, ' A revision of the tariff is imminent— deficit must be met, duty on tea will be trebled — see what I have done.' By the shade of the great Chang, he had been buying tea with a vengeance. The street had for the nonce become a monster caddy. Waggons, drays, handcarts, barrows, and even some of the Celestial race, all laden with tea. Chests, boxes, packets, baskets, it only wanted a good shower of rain to make torrents, aye a Niagara, of tea. Sharpset was in ecstacies, and was only appeased when his store, office, and sheds were completely blocked. That night the financial statement was made. The next morning Sharpset cut himself when shaving, boxed the ears of his eldest boy, found fault with his coffee, quarrelled with his wife, and refused to lend his brother-in-law a small sum. Sharpset has now a well-known tea broker working in his. interests. The air of Noumea must be rather hard to exist in, and must try the powers of endurance of its inhabit ants very sorely. We read that as a Mr. Carter was sitting in his office a bullet came through the wall, Mid, whistling over his head, struck the opposite side. ISo one can discover whence it came. These little shooting stars are as auxiliaries to the fierce sun, and who can stand their united batteries f | It was on the Grubinplenty Creek, and Adolphus ± itz- Algernon de Courcy had just received the post bag from the mailman's hand. Having ordered the housekeeper to give the said mailman a glass of rum, Algernon sought the repose which was granted by his office to peruse his lately arrived despatches. Letters first, of course. ' Sir,' ran the first missive it was always ' Dear Sir ' in days gone by—' I have to remind you that your overdraft now exceeds our 'with interest ^ amounts to £9769 17s. Hid., as per account rendered here with. During the next term you must exer cise great caution. Economy is necessary; but to ascertain the true state of sffnira tn _ ... ir Tk ,, — — w uwvc vuu hi tx Jiati position, Mr. Prywell will start from here on Monday. You, I feel confident, agreeable to our arrangements, wiU Permit him to muster stock, examine accounts! and do all that is necessary to place a fair statement of your position before the board—Yours, &c.;, Jabez Screwemtxgot, manager.' Adolphus winced. The bill from his tailor, the gentle reminder from his store keeper, were as so many mosquito-bites to this. For relief he carefully unwrapped his Sydney Mail. For half-an-hour he perused it, and the frown had almost departed from his features, when the Treasurer's Financial Statement met his view. At this moment the luncheon-bell rang. The sweet tones moved him not. As one transfixed, again and again he read, ' One farthing per lb. on greasy, one halfpenny per lb. on washed.' Mrs. de Courcy sought her lord. 'Fitz, the luncheon-bell rang half-an-hour ago.' ' Oh, Adela, speak not of luncheon. See here, here's a meal. Sit down, Adela; we are simply rnined. No more trips to Melbourne. I can see distinctly we are ruined.' 'But Adolphus— ' 'No buts, Adela ; old Stringy's words when he sold us the con founded property are coming true. He said, 'Do as well as you can while you may.' You know, Adela, I borrowed three fourths of the money to buy out that Stringy. We are done. A farthing! why, it represents my profit. Last year I clipped from 25,000 sheep of wool, Adela, 125,000 lbs. in grease. I got 7£d. for my fleece, and 3Jd. for my locks. 'Why, if a duty of £130 had been deducted, I should have simply been ruined. Oh ! Adela, I can see the future. I shall become a town-loafer ; a poor, broken-down old fellow, with empty pockets and big ideas. I may speak of the days I spent on the Grubin plenty and here poor Adolphus broke down. Alas ! poor squatter. The ingenious clause, having os tensibly for its object the destruction of 'bunching' and plumping,' has been stamped out by the Upper ^ House. Having given that mysterious item, the 'poor man,' a right to vote, it would be unfair to impose restrictions on that right. This is no place for I ' discussing the situation ' ; but I cannot help saying that I would much rather see a raid commenced against his beer-pot. This reminds me that a certain funny speech on the abovenamed clause proves that Garret wit is not always Attic salt. The section was a. 'straight un ' from the shoulder at divers dazzling lights in both Houses. For what sayeth the luminous Pid : — ' For why should a Briton be bagged ? ' says he, ' And do wn to the ballot-box dragged 1 ' says he. ' What next will you do ! Perhaps you've in view A plan to have Englishmen gagged,' says he. ' A man should be free from the jump,' says he. To vote as he likes, and to plump' says he. ' In spite of the lot Who here have been shot Bed-hot from the top of the stump,' says he. ' Supposing we'd four in the poll,' says he, ' And one of them only had soul,' says he, ' Are people to be Obliged to take three ? I'd far sooner 'jack up ' the whole,' says he. To lovers of art it is pleasant news to learn that the people of Adelaide are taking steps to form a national picture gallery in their citv. When will niirWnrrt,Wn cousins follow their example ? The sooner the better, as evidently high art is at a low ebb there, and the public taste requires cultivation, if the doings of the functionary whom I write of can be taken as a sample. Many are the tales which have reached our eirs from time to time of the ludicrous blunders com mitted by the ' custodians of the peace,' from the days of Dogberry and Verges to that of the more modern stalwart 'men in blue.' But certainly unique in this way is this laughter-moving anecdote, which comes to us from Brisbane. It appears that a very energetic member of the pohce force walks his beat in Queen-street with his eye well open for some evil that he may remedy. On one day last week he caught sight of a coloured print in a picture-dealer's shop- window which did not accord with his notions of propriety. Accordingly this zealous guardian of the public's morals went in ana demanded that this offending picture be ?with- drawn, or else he would serve a summons on its owner, 7 ,? , -X exposing an indecent picture to the public s gaze. Fancy the astonished face of the art vendor when the object of the functionary's wrath was made dear to him. What was it, think you' A Holv Family,' after Correeio. wh0 has a steelyards and buys bagI was rather astonished this week when Mr. Grimy, her coal merchant, demanded so [ many pence more per bag for his diamonds. Expostu lation led to explanation. 'You see,' said Mr Grimy, 'you pays me for the best coal and true weight. I am t got a chance to put in the bags, or do any tricks same as those merchant fellows Well, your Parleement, ma'am, charges me 6d. a ton dooty on coals. They does, I assure you— look at the Herald. I must divide that ere tanner 'twixt my customers.' ' But,' exclaimed Mrs. Q. ' Oh, bother the buts ! we navs the dooty. Git up, Dolly.' How pleasant it is to know that 'the inmates of our asylums are getting unreasonably numerous,' and that other countries are sending us their lunatics ! In other words, our asylums are getting unreasonably full of unreasonable persons. But what is the reason thereof ? Do the other countries send us these people in the hope that ' they will recover their wits' in our blest climate, and conclude that ' even if they don't it won't make great matter ' in New South Wales ? After all, are these senders of these witless people much out in their estimate of us? What are our authorities about that they do not look to this matter, and not saddle the community with burdens that do not justly fall upon its shoulders ? Surely this sub i'ect has great claims upon the attention of Mr. iuchanan. He might protect our own productions in this way very properly, and the most ardent free trader would not oppose him. That even clergymen do not always practise what they preach is a truism which received fresh con firmation as lately as Sunday last. A divine who holds somewhat heterodox opinions on some points expressed his conviction, during the sermon he was delivering at a suburban church, that this miserable little planet, the earth, would be shrivelled up and burnt in the year 1881. Immediately afterwards he appealed to the congregation to make a united effort to subscribe funds ^ for erecting a new organ next year. Might not his flock have fairly retorted that, if the earth were to be burnt up like chaff in a twelvemonth, they might as well spend their money in a different way, and worry along in the meantime with the old instrument? It is a fact, too, that another clergyman who holds similar views as to the end of the world has taken up a selection which he has bound himself to reside upon and improve during the next three years. ' Oh ! woman, in our hours of ease, uncertain, coy, and hard to please,' says the poet ; but what ' hour of ease' has the theatrical manager? Mademoiselle Sara Bernhardt, the grieat, the divine, the bright particular star ! as her admirers have called her, must be made of the most inflammable materials. This joy of - the Parisians, who played the leading roles for the great Cemedie.Francaise, has fled ! The newspaper critics^ and the world (for, after all, is not Paris the world?) were epris with her, and she became a spoiled darling. However, she essayed the part of Clorinda in Angier's play of 'The Adventuress,' and was not a success. Her part fell flatly on the audience's ears, and the morning papers mildly hinted the fair Sara was a failure therein. That night she was missing from the stage, to the dismay of the manager. She had taken flight to Havre ! ' Ladies, like variegated tulips, show 'Tis to their changes half tbeir charms they owe.' A Northern journal in an obituary notice of an old resident of the district in which it is published refers to the circumstance of the defunct having been a magistrate for nearly 30 years, and that he was 'just, honourable, and true on the bench, but never dis tinguished himself as a magistrate .' In one of the suburbs a game of football was played by moonlight the other evening. Not content with the after hours and holidays which are so numerous | here, a number of Australian youths must try to rival those of the bleak north, where the setting of the sun in winter is no check to the outdoor sports so freely carried on. As might be imagined accidents were even more numerous than is usual when this rough and tumble game is played. A couple of heavy weights suffered sprained ankles, and collisions and nose-bleedings were common. I hear, but I cannot vouch for this, that during five minutes or so, when the moon was behind a cloud, a small boy was mis taken for the football, and sustained several smart kicks before he used his lees to eet out of bournls. There was one happy man, a veritable Paddv Murphy, in the city on the morning of the 17th. 1 cannot say that he fulfilled the proverb of the Eastern monarch, ' Happy is he who wears the shirt of the happy man,' for the very good reason that he had, so to Bpeak, nothing of the kind to boast of, the billet of his laundress being a perfect sinecure. His hat was shabby, his coat ragged, his boots were true ventilators ; his pockets, save that they were full of holes, contained not even a ticket for the Soup Kitchen. But he was jolly. What cared he for the duty on wool or the tax on coal or cattle ? 'Twixt , the wharfs and Darlinghurst J his life was spent. A bale of J wool meant a bed in the season, 1 or a few blades of straw in a ? Corporation watermain would m do as well. Coals? There is jj always about a hot wall a 1 corner of some kind. 'But,'' } was mv naerv. ' nra mil happy r 'Well, master, rayther. Blow your taxes ! but, I say, ain't you got a bit of baccy handy ? And, look here, just lend us a thripenny !' The occupants of a room in a certain Government department were ' fluttered like doves,' on Tuesday morning. It was an unusually cold day, and a cluster of them had surrounded the fire to thaw their fingers, when the Minister passed through. He said nothing, but an hour afterwards, came a memo, to the head of the room, asking for the names of those gentlemen who were not at work when the Minister walked f through the room. The names were supplied, and ' now a dozen or so of luckless wights are waiting in 4 trepidation for the punishment they know will follow. f' ' If it hadn't been so cold,' says one, ' I never would j ij have gone near the lire ; and no w 1 only hope that the j Minister won't make it a great deal too hot for us.' j (j I expect every one has heard that old story about J the man who was so determined to commit self- 1:1 1 destruction, that he first took a good strong dose of III poison, next placed Iub neck in the noose of a rope f J fastened to a branch of a tree overhangiug a bluff j rock on the coast; then stood on that rock and jumped from it, at the same moment firing a pistol with deadly intent at his own head. Well, that man 1/ escaned with his lifts flio hail 1.^ j ? j SS ? a — ? — - uuoocu axe ucttu anu cut -If ? the rope ; the ducking proved a kind of emetic, and he f Tl was washed ashore senseless, but alive. More clever 1 1 1 than^ this, a poor demented fellow in America, last f it I Apru, actually erected a guillotine, and, by carrying \y I out a most ingenious plan, proved his own executioner. tjf A So well constructed was the apparatus, that the ill Scientific American illustrates it. llfl The Press of Europe, usually correct, occasionally will blunder when Australia is the subject. A Ger man newspaper which professes to give the number of periodicals published in the whole world, sets down Australia as possessing 100 newspapers ! about two thirds of the number this colony alone can flaim A hundred papers would prove but a poor stock to supply news to Australians. How pleasant it is when riding through the bush to overtake a loquacious old hand, and let him while away the tedium of the road with his spicy anecdotes of the early days of the colony and the queer scenes and odd characters he has rubbed against in his time. Once I had a companion of this sort, and greatly was I entertained by his tales. Here is a specimen : — As the narrator struck on to a road at the dawn of a raw morning in early spring, he saw four large draught horses at loose, quietly browsing along the way. He k wondered what was up, but turning a corner he spied a large waggon at the wayside, in front of which were the expiring embers of what had evidently been a large fire. Coming abreast of it, he was shocked to see a man lying ! asleep, with one of his legs more than half burned off, and the charred remains actually hot and smnlring » A glance revealed to me, said he, how matters stood, as there lay an open brandy case and an empty bottle. The unfortunate carrier had broken into his load and had drunk himself into a stupor, and in this insensible state had lain down by the fire. Here was the awful consequence— the greater part of his leg was reduced to a cinder! 'Good gracious! ' cried I, 'what did you do?' 'I awakened the carrier,' said he. 'What next?' said I, breathless. 'Well, I caught the horses and harnessed them. Of course the man could not aid me on one leg.5' 'Of course not,'' said I. ' Well, I placed the carrier on the waggon, and journeyed with him into the nearest township, which we reached about 4 o'clock.' ' Yes, but,' said I, impatientlv interrupting him, 'what of the man? Did he die?' «? Oh, no,' he said, ' I extin guished the fire in his leg, and, with the aid of a 'reviver,' he soon recovered consciousness.' j ' Heavens ! how coolly you talk ! Do you mean to ? tell me that his leg was half burned off, and the was none the worse?' screamed I. He quietly said. 'You don't give me time to explain matters ; the ) man's leg was a wooden one.' Thus all my feelings ! were harrowed to no purpose. j 