MISSIONARY MEETING. The anniversary meeting of tlie Primitive Methodist Missionary Society was held in their church on Wednesday evening. In consequence of the many demands on our space we have to shorten our notice. The Rev. A. A. Munns presided. There was a very small attendance. As usual in the Primitive Methodist church there were some well sung hymns. The Rev. Mr. Munns announced that at the services in connection with this movement at Baker's Range last Sunday £4 6s iOd, was collected, and £7 13s lid at Lucindale. The actual collections had been rather* small, but the card collections had shown np well. Mr. Dunning addressed the meeting : he said much was spoken of the goodness-of Oddfellows' Societies, temperance societies and assurance societies, but what were they all compared with the great missionary cause, which had, he considered, the greatest claim on everybody. He spoke of the good done by the Home Mission in London, and of the labors of Mr. Matthew Burnett in the big towns of Australia. One missionary, the Rev. Mr. Bogle, in Adelaide had gone where ministers were-afraid to go, and before he had been, there a - year, more than a hundred houses of ill-fame were closed through his exertions. Those were the kind of men the cause wanted.—The Rev. Mr, Masterman, of Mount Garabier, spoke at considerable length upon the Primitive Methodist missionary move| ment. From the beginning of their existence the Primitive Methodist community had been distinguished by their missionary spirit. He gave some statistics in connection with the cause. In the United Kingdom they had 73 stations and 131 missionaries ; in Australia 86 stations and 101 ministers and missionaries ; in Canada 09 circuits and 102 ministers ; in South Africa 3 stations and three European and two native missionaries. In the whole connection (including the proceeding) there are 1138 travelling preachers, 15,634 ibcal -preachers, 10,454 class leaders, 182,877 members, 4,022 Sabbath schools, 58,275 teachers, 365,000 scholars, 4,257 connexional chapels, 2,053 other places of worship: "Last year £32,280 3s 9d was collected in Primitive Methodist places of worship for-the missionary fuiid. Resides these -there are many noble women - encaged - mil' tract: distribution;, bouse visiting 2nd other good work,- and some had even to A certain extec t assumeds thefunctionsoifthe ministers and preached the gospel. . Hetidd them that the right ,way-was to first jSud JeBUs for one's self! anjl tlienrbriug osiers to Christ. As an : instance of what'cohld be done be men tioned that in England there was a proved, case ot a lad of twelve years of age who was so zealous in the Master's cause that he succeeded in bringing seventy souls to the' Savior. This lad put d«»wii certain individuals on . his list to be saved and never rested until he had brought them into the right way. Men might talk of good lawi, education, and total abstinence j but nothing would do for a person but1 bringing him to the feet of Jesus. Much still remained to be doue ; there are still Pagans so numerous that exclusive of nights and Sundays it would take fifty years for i them to pass in procession at the rate ; of one a moment. All these were yet in. Pagan darkness, and it was everyone's duty to try to rescue them from it and win them for the Redeemer of the world. The cause wanted several missionaries in this colony; two, he thought in the j South-East, one for the farmers up Lillymur way, and another for the new farmers j down towards Kingston. Some people say, " Where is the money to come from!" but he said nevermind the money; get two men filled with the Holy Ghost and let people's hearts be warmed with the love of Jesus and the money will be alright. He would like two colonial young men to be found for this work, and not have to send home to England for them. He would remind them that they were ongaged in a cause that must succeed. —The collection was then made. The Chairman announced that the Narracoorte contribution this year was £5 10s 9d ; ] last year it was £7 2s 3d ; the total amount raised on this station this year was £17 11s 6d ; £1 16s was wanting to make it equal last year's collections.—The Rev. Mr. Masterman was sorry that more money had not been collected in Narracoorte; he urged the collectors to renewed and greater efforts. He moved a vote of thanks to them for what they had done. This was seconded by Mr. Dunning aud carried. Mr.Peake moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Masterman aud to Mr. Banning for their addresses. This was suitably acknowledged. Mr. Mascerman said that in next October the Narracoorte people would have a great treat in having the Rev. Dr. Hagar, who had promised to visit them then. Both Mr. Masterman and the Chairman spoke in highly laudatory terms of the eloquence and abilityof Dr. Haggar, and the latter gentleman said that the only speaker that he thought could be compared with him was the Rev. Charles Clarke.—After a prayer the meeting closed. 