[?] An Irishman's Will. — In the name of God, Amen ! I, Timothy Delona, of Barrydownderry, in the county of Clare, farmer, being sick, and wake in my legs, but of sound head and warm heart — glory be to God — do make the first and last will, the ould and new testament. First I give my soul to God, when it plases him to take it, sure no thanks to me, for I can't help it thin, and my body to be hurried in the ground of Barrydownderry Chapel, where all my kith an' kin that have gone before me, an' those that live after, belonging to me, are buried, pace to their ashes, and may the sod rest lightly over their bones. Bury me near my godfather, Felix 0' Flaherty, betwixt and between him and my father and mother, who lie separate altogether, at the other side of the chapel yard. I lave the bit of ground containing ten acres — rare old Irish acres — to me eldest son, Tim, after the death of his mother, if she survives him. My daughter, Mary, and lier husband, Paddy O'Ragan, are to get the white sow that's going to have twelve black bonifs. Teddy, my second boy, that was killed in the war of Amerikay, might have got his pick of the poultry, but as he is gone, I'll lave them to his wife who died a wake before him ; 1 bequeath to all mankind fresh air jj of heaven, all the fishes of the sea they can take, and all 1 the birds of the air they can shoot, I lave to them the i sun, moon, and stars. I lave to Peter Rafferty a pint | of poteen which I can't finish ; and may God be merciful j to him. i Gkeat Men and their Reading. — The new | Pope complains that he docs not receive FrecirsorTs f Weekly regularly. We can assure Mr. Leo that the I fault does not lie at "our post office. No doubt the postmaster at Rome loans it to his friends, who some times forget to return it. And we have a complaint i also from the Khedive of Egypt. He wants us to use a much heavier and stronger quality of paper. He says by the time eight hundred of his wives read the i Weekly it is so ragged and illegible that his other 1 1 1 1 wives are deprived of the pleasure of perusing it, and I they grumble awfully about it. Hereafter we shall print | the Khedive's copy on parchment. Now is the time to | subscribe ; job printing neatly executed, and satisfaction I guaranteed. I Perils of a Journalist. — A writer having attacked vehemently in the New York Journal a place of dubious reputation in the town, lie received 111 reply to nis re marks an anonymous letter advising him to desist from these proceedings, but took no notice of the warning except to continue his literary crusade. A day or two afterwards, as he was sitting in the office of the news paper, a ferocious-looking individual, armed with a club, entered, demanding, " Where is the editor ? " With considerable presence of mind the receiver of the visit concluded what was the object of his visitor, and asked him to sit down and read papers while he went in search of the editor. Once out of the room he made for the street door ; but here lie encountered another I boUgh-looking stranger also armed with a bludgeon, and demanding in still more furious tones, " Where is the editor?" Ilere the native wit of the New Yorker 1 had a real opportunity for showing itself, and he directed I the second intruder to the room lie had himself just left, telling him he would find the editor there reading the papers. The result was a tremendous conflict between the two visitors, each, of whom was convinced that he had to do with an unusually muscular and | determined fnan of letters. While the struggle was I proceeding the intended victim of the aggression was j quietly bringing the police . upon the scene, who, I when they arrived, found the combatants sufficiently I exhausted by their efforts to be easily captured and led S off to prison. The incident exemplified once more the 1 superiority of mind over matter, and of wit over biute I force. " | DonE Brown.— "Hi, sonny," said a keen-looking | Chicago business man; "what are you looking for? | Let me see that letter." "No, I can't let you have | that letter; there's bonds in it." "Why, Ive been waiting for you this half hour, to bring me those bonds — I- bought 'em of what's his name." Upon this the lad took out a big envelope marked "J. Smith, Esq., Present;" in the upper corner, "$2,500 U.S. 5-20s," and in the lower corner, "Commission due, $5. Please remit by bearer." "That's all right, sonny," said the keen-looking business man, as he hauled out a scantily furnished purse, gave the boy a $5 bill and a quarter, and said : " There, sonny, that quarter is to reward you for your cleverness and fidelity ; " and putting the envelope in his breast-pocket he walked leisurely round the coiner, and, hailing a car, was whirled away at a comparatively lightning speed. Not till he had reached Union Park did he draw the precious envelope from his pocket and tear it open. He then found that the envelope contained a copy of the Chicago Times, which he could have purchased at the office for 5 cents. "The fish is biting very numerously to-day," said "sonny," taking another big envelope from his pocket. Useful to Dairymen. — The assertion is often made, and many people believe, that water washes out the flavour of butter ; but it only cleanses the butter of the buttermilk, sugar, and milk acid which may adhere to it, just as clarifying sugar removes from it the foreign matters which modify its true flavour. The flavour of butter consists of fatty matters, which do not combine with water, therefore cannot be washed away by it. The effect of washing upon the keeping quality of butter depends upon the purity of the water with which the washing is done. If the water contains no foreign matter that will affect the butter, it will keep better for washing the buttermilk out than by kneading it out. By setting trees twelve feet apart, in a very few years they can be made use of for live fence posts ; and by using them for this purpose the fence will not be tumbling down every two or three years. Maple, ches- nut, butternut, or some such trees should be used, as they will serve two purposes — for fence posts, and then the maple will give sugar, the others nuts. Soot from the chimneys or stove pipes, from wood fires, is said to be a powerful stimulating fertiliser applied at the rate of about £1 worth to every 30 square yards. It contains a great deal of ammonia. One part soot and two of guano are an excellent fertiliser applied with moderation. It is excellent for peas, lettuce, car rots; spinach, and most other crops, in a liquid state, at the rate of half an ounce to two quarts of water. Most houses make soot enough to manure a whole garden. So says an agricultural journal which claims to know these facts. Painter's Colic.— The following is a simple pre ventive and remedy. Painters, when at work, cannot eat too much lump sugar. It neutralises the poison of the lead. They should allow it to dissolve gradually in the mouth. The hands should be washed in sugared water. Small Things. — Every farmer should have a small room, tight and warm, which he can lock and keep his small tools in. He wants a good solid work-bench, with an iron vice on one side, and a wooden one 011 the other. For iron working he wants a solid piece of iron for an anvil, a seven pound steel-faced hammer, a ri vetting hammer, one large and one small cold-chisel, two or three punches, from one-fourth to three-eights inch ; a rimmer and counter sink, to be used with bit-stock ; a screw-plate that will cut a screw from one-fourth to three-eights inch, then with round iron of the various sizes, arid ready made nuts, he can make any bolt he wishes. For carpenter work he wants a squaio, a shaving-horse, drawing knife, a set of planes, auger, from, one-half to two inches, a fine hand- saw , with coarse cross-cut and rip-saw, large cross-cut for logs, and a grindstone. All these are necessary and useful, An organ being some time ago introduced into a parish church in the North of Scotland, some of the members took offence and left. One of these soon after met another member, and inquired, " Hoo's the organ getting?" "Oh, fine," was the answer — " jist blawin awa the chaff an' keeping the corn !" A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public- house by employ ing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. " Wha are you ?" said the guid- raan, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. " I am Auld Nick," was the reply. "Come awa', man," said John, nothing daunted, " gie's a shake o' your hand — I am married to a sister 0' yours." Anxious parent in the rural districts: "John, I sup pose the students learn a great deal of astronomy at the Harvard observatory." Innocent son: "Well, the ob servatory isn't quite so convenient as one of the Athe naeums, where we see new stars every week!" Parent: " Bless me ! what advantages you boys do have !" 