THE MERCURY,. MONDA Y MOfíNJNG. DUO- O, 1880. Though writers, speakers, mid patriots who would direct public opinion to demand from Government what self-reliance should provide, may declaim against MJnistorsj Parliament, and other authorities, as refusing to tho neoplo tho means of progress winch, wo do not require to be told, aro required to proporly open up the bush and minorai lands of Tasmania, the ex- pediency of p largo system of branch roads ¡b not disputed, Esther from a misapprehension of the facts, or to carry out the contemptible policy of weakening tho Constitution by repre- senting the Legislative Council as an obstructive branch of the Legislature, the fallacy has been paraded before the public that the Upper Chamber selfishly and tyrannically opposes the construction of branph rqadg, ap4 deliberately hinders tho progress of the Colony. A moment's calm reflection should satisfy that the Council can have no selfish motive to gratify by any such negativo conduct. Of whom is tho Legislative Council composed ? As a rulo, of gentlemen heaving a more than avorago stake in tho Colony, and who, therefore, if they would moro than others suffer by imprudent expenditure-, so moro than others will they benefit by a judicious outlay of publie money. Hon. gontlemen of the Legislative Council aro as capable of forming a correct opinion, as capable of judging for themselves, as are they who so superciliously counsel them ; who so ungenerously attribute impfopor motivos or an incapacity of compre- hension. It is not that tho Council has no sympathy with the people, or that the interests of the one aro antagonistic to those of the other. It is that the Council nets under a sonso of responsibility, while they so ready with their advice and their censure act under no obliga- tions to the Country or to posterity. They seek a presont good. But liko a child under similar circumstances thoy look not beyond iminodiato gratification. They have no thought for the future. Tho doctor's bill does not affect them, and in presont indulgence thoy give not a thought to what, as patients, they may havo to suffer. In providing for branch roads, Tasmania is entering on no unknown experi- ment. Taking into account our population wo have perhaps spent as much on roads of ono kind or another as have any of our moro im- portant neighbours, bu¡¡ wo have less to show for it because in our expenditure wo negloctpd tho precaution of judicious safeguards. We not only did not apply the Btitch in time which saves nine, but even the rent which the nine might havo drawn together wo disregarded till, as the presont Premier recently reminded Parliament, wo had out of borrowed money to re-build ono bridge when a previous one became ruinous, and to re-make roads which, formerly well made, had become impaasablo by neglect. Well might ho ask was this jug tico on tho part of the present generation to those who are to follow t Wo need bo at no loss for instances of such culpable apathy. Unfortunately there is not a district in the Colony which does not bear testimony to the worse than reckless extravagance which wo havo committed in making no provision for maintaining that which wo constructed. We il- lustrated this on a former occasion by a reference to the Castra road, and though the hon. Member for the district, Mr. Braddon, with pardonable zeal in defence of his constituents, challenged our conclusions, or rather sought to exonerate the poople of the district from the charge of neglect, we hesitate not to say, bo tho fault wera it may, that tho Castra road presents a monu- ment of Colonial folly. Wo enter not in tho vexed question whether a plank road was the wisest moana of originally meeting the require- ments of tho district, but wo do say that such an expenditure should not have been under- taken in constructing the plank road without soino accompanying means having boen devised for keeping it in repair. Government ought to havo seen to this ; but granting that it was alono to blame in this respect, we can hardly hold tho people of the district justified in the tono of injury and neglect in which they speak of Government, and in the contumely which some of them would heap on tho Legislativo Council. Wo do not bring against them tho saying that Providenco helps those who help thomselvos, but wo do ask, would the road havo been in the deplorable condition which it now presents ; would there have been the room there now is for complaining of Govornment neglect, had the people of the district bestired themselves over so little 1 In this wo do not oxonorate Go- vornment ; wo merely refer to this particular work as an argument in favour of making tho maintenance of roads an integral part of any Boheme for their construction. This is alike a matter of economy and justice to those who will havo to pay the interest of any money now bor- rowed for public works purposes. The Castra road further servos us for an illustration. The original expenditure, though the principio of construction may have boen wrong, supplied a fairly passablo article, which by a timely expen- diture might have boen still available. It is now, wo believe, useless, worthless, and some substitute must be found. The poople of the district, ovon if they might have prevented tho destruction being so complote, ought not to be made suffer from tho faulty polioy, or rather tho absence of all polioy, on the part of Govern- ment. How then are Ministers to pro- I ceed? The eost of the construction of the original plank road forms now a part of the debt. of the Colony, and Tasmanians to the end of time will have to pay tho interest on that for which they havo nothing to show ; of which they derivo no advantage. The substituto for the plank road, which sooner or later Parliament must provide for, infors an expenditure of public money, and as it is not likely that this will be takon from current revenue, it infers a further addition to tho public debt, a further obligation on the part of posterity to pay tho interest ; a compound interest in its most offen- sive meaning. If like looseness ¡3 to proceed in the futuio as in (lie past, where is this to end) Wo .we providing for the futmo Tisma nians a legacy of bankruptcy, if wo do not drive thom to repudiation. Surely in Buch circum- stances, with ovon the possibility of such con- tingencies, it behoves the Government, the Par- liament, and tho people of Tasmania to pause and reflect, and for the most sanguine of progres- sionists, the most thoughtless as to responsi- bilities, to ask themselves is there no justifica- tion for the prudont caution which the Legis- lative Council exercised last Session ? It lent a willing assent to the construction of main roads ; it sanctioned the proposal of Ministers to charge the maintenance of these roads on the consolidated revenue, because the Treasurer satisfied them that the revenue was equal to tho burdon. But it was otherwise with the branch roads. The construction of theso ?was to be provided for by borrowed money, and tho interest on that money paid out of the revenue. How far the rcvenuo was equal to this purposo also, was a question which the Council said could only bo determined when tho results. of t!le rpoent changes in our system of taxation came to bo known, which it certainly was not when the question of branch roads was before Parliament. But an equally important point remained. The Council had determined, aqd wisely, that provision for maintonanco was as indispensable nj for çonstruqtiqn. '-phis Ministers contemplated doing t¡y an amendment on the Cross and Bye Roads Act, throwing the burdon oil tjjo respective Hqard Trusts in which, such branch roads were proposed, Rut foy some reason Ministers put the oart boforo tho horso. They persisted in thrusting on tho Council the Bill for the construction of the branch roads, while they deferred pushing onf and declined to givo tho precodencp tq, tj¡e Bill prqviding for their maintenance,. Another, reason weighed with tho Council, A largo burdon was to bq plaQod on Hoad Trusts without any steps having beon takon to mako theso Hoad Trusts aware of the heavy additional rates they would have to levy. Some of tho Roid Trusts objected to the burden proposed to bo laid on thom, and wo sljowod qn Friday tljnt fho jnctfe, oriminato proposal of Ministora would inflict much individual hardship, The Counoil, whilo offering no advice to the Road Trusts, naturally asked Government to defer imposing any obli- gation on thom till they had had an opportunity ßf dJBBenting, should they deem auch a çourso. necessary, purely thorp was in th's no selfish, obstruction, no unreasoning refusal to assist tho progress of the Colony. Yet that is what an unreflective patriotism lays to tho charge of the Legislative Council. Intercolonial Files,-By the s.s. Mangana, which arriyeil at Launceston qp Saturday, (rom Molbourno, wo have'received tho following files of intercolonial papera ¡-Victoria, 1st to 8rd iiiBt. ¡ New South Wales, 29th ult, to lstinst. ¡ South Aus. tralia, 29th and 30th ult. ; and Quccuslund, 24th to 20th ult. The Alderman«: Election.-The time for re. ceiving nominations for tho vacancies in tho City Council expires at noou to-day. Alderman Daly notiQps his intention to souk roreleQtiun. Thero will, therefpro, be gpyen candidates pr the three seats, Citv Counoil.-The following is the business for consideration at the meeting this afternoon i Reports from the various committees, as follows, viz. :-Waterworks : On petition for water ts bo laid on to Parliament-street ; on application of Mr. Thomas Ward for domestio supply of water, Chapel Lane, Collins-street ; on complaint of Mr. E. Lipscombe, deficiency of water at Sandy Tiny. Publio Works i C)a application of Mr. C. Tobjr fpr a fpw loads of tjnè road metal j on application of Mr. C. Davis to extend and renovate a verandah in Elizabeth-street, Markets ; On application of Mr Joseph Barnett for remission of ren(i, in pouspquenoo of a lire at tho Old Market, Glenorchy Municipal Council.-Tho monthly meeting of this Counoil was hold on Saturday, when the Warden (Mr. W. Murray) and all the coun- cillors were present. The salary abstract, for the month of November, amounting to £61 3s. 4d., and also two accounts, amounting to £211s. were passed for payment. The police duty return was laid upon the tahlo, Sergeant Wallace applied for an increase of pay on the ' ground of seven and a half years faithful service, The Warden and'soveral of the councillors bore testimony to the efficient manner in which the sergeant had discharged his dutios, and it was unanimously resolved to increase his pay from £100 to £109 10s, por annum, such increase to tako effect from tho 1st iust. Councillor Dickenson drew attention to tho faot that Constablo Es worthy, who was stationed at South Bridgewater, was absolutely beyond control, and, as tho Superinten- dent was unable to look after him so often as was desirable, recommended that tho constable be placed undor the direotipn of DJstriot Constable McMurray of tho Territorial Police. The cpunoillor's chief oauso of complaint was, that Esworthy would not work in harmony with McMurray. Superintendant Beilette objected to a municipal constable being made subject to a territorial officer, as by so doing the Council would bo surrendering its power. After somo discussion, during which attention was drawn to the fact that Esworthy did not impound stray cattlo so frequently as he might do, the Warden promised to deal with the subject, and the adoption of that course was approved of. Crry Police Court.-On Saturday Mr. AV. Tarleton, P.M., was assisted by Dr. lumley and Mr. J. T. Robertson, Justices, Sarah Pearce, for disturbing the peace in Ljverpool,street, was fined 10s. Od. Mary Evans, who had been convicted several times previously, was oharged with disturb- ing the peace in Harrington-street, and the offence being proved, she was unod 80s. Gd. Thomas Wil- liams, who was in the company of the girl Evans when she was arrosted, was oharged with resisting Constable Sheen whilst in tho exeoutlon of his duty, and was fined 40s., and costs. The Ghost.-The prompt action of the Police Committee of the City Council on Friday has, we are glad to say, had the desired effect on the ghost scare, as, so far as we are able to ascertain, nothing was heard or seen of him on Saturday or yesterday ovoning. As we expected, he has proved an arrant coward, and has not come forward to endeavour to shield his victim. Nevin, however, we may point out, has been discharged by the Council for an offence entirely distinct from the ghost business that of drunkenness ; and further, that he had been repeatedly warned that he would not be kept in the service of the Corporation if he persisted in his irregular habit of life. An Old Offender.-The watch-house yesterday afternoon received once moro a bright specimen of the native youth. Richard Rudd Thompson is the' name of the larrikin in questiou, and his offanco on this occasion was caused by drunkennoss. In an intoxicated condition ho was in broad daylight attempting, with two companions, to get on to Mead's 'bus in Macquarie.street. The proprietor resisted snoh a passenger, and Constable Marshall, who went to his assistance, was treated in the most violent manner by Thompson, tho oonstablo being severely handled. Assistance was, howover, obtained, and Marshall, who stuok gamely to his man, was enabled to convey him to tho station. Whilst tho chargo was being taken, Thompson added to his other offences by abusing and using filthy languago to the Mayor, who had gone for help, and who had remained in the watch-house. Thompson has been several times previously punished for assaulting constables, and moro recently for torturing a cat. He will bo brought up at the Police Court this morning, and it is a matter for regret that there is no power in Tas- mania to order bucd a fellow a flogging as well sb the usual "fine or imprisonment." A Fall off a Horse.-An accident of a serious charaoteroccurred yesterday morning, toa lad named John Sullivan, 13 years of age, who resides with hil parents on the Old Wharf. Sullivan had taken a horse, belonging to Mr. G. Taylor, of the crockery mart, to water, and was riding it home, when, at the bottom of Elizabeth-street, it bolted. It con- tinued a wild career up as far as Burnett-streot, the lad np to this point managing to hold on, hut here he was thrown ou to the kerbstone, his hoad striking it violontly. He was taken to the General Hospital and admitted, when it was found that there was a severo swolling at the back of the head, and symptoms of concussion of the brain afterwards set in. His condition was very serious last night. A Cab Smashed.-A cab was overturned in Fitzroy Crescent on Saturday night, under circum- stances which might have been attended with results of a most Berious nature. It was owned by Mr. Howard, of Lloyd's Hotel, and driven by W. Fisher. The driver was very drunk, and fell from , his Boat. Opposite Parliament-streot the horses i stumbled. The vehicle, having rolled over threo times and narrowly escaped killing two pedestrians, was smashed to pieces. The horses escaped un- injured, and the driver wai evidently not mu'fb I hurt, for he managed to got horn«, ' / Publications.-Wo have received from the local agenta, Mesare. J. Walch and Sons, the mail number of the Australasian Sketcher. The contents arc naturally this time rather of a sporting character, and will show frieudsat Homo what colonials thought of tho great r.ico on the Thamrp, etc. There is a doubie- paco cupplemcnt sbowiug Hanlan and TrkketS in their boats at tho Btarfc, and good poitraitsof the members of the Australian Eloven, ^ooldea some sketches of the race between W. Trickett and Rush on tho Parramatta River. Besides other pictures, portraits of tho late Sir Redmond Barry and tho late Mr, W. S. Lyster aro given, as well as ono of Miss Pomeroy, the new Shaksperenn actress.-The catalogue of tho Library of the LiuncLstou Mechanics' Institute, corrected to date, is also to hand. Enucn ion.-All of the 21 oandidates except one pacbid the preliminary examination for tho A. A. Degree, The result of the examination will pro. bably he made known eithtrto-mnrroworon Wednes- day, The examination for tho Tasmanian Scholar- ships «ill commence at 0 o'clock this morning. It is proWila that the animal meeting of tho Council of Education m ill bo held at tho Town Hall on the lGth inst. Mr. Justice STBrnEN.- The Argus says:-" Tho hoalth of Mr. Justico Stephen has improved con- siderably of lato. His Honor íb desirous of again spending the long vacation iu Tasmania, and the necessary steps have been taken by the Governor iu-Council to enable him to leave the colony." Orchestral Union Concert.-The first sub- scription concert of the ourrent year is announced lo he given in the presenoo of His Excellency Sir J. H. IjOfroy and Lady Lefroy, at the Town Hall, on Thursday next, at 8 o'clock, Haydn's fine oratorio, 77<e Creation, being the work for performance on tho occasim, and which has been in active re- hearsal during the past two months, under the in- defatigable direction of Herr Schott, Subscribers are reminded that the annual membership fee of ono guinea is now due, which entitles thom to twclvo tickets, three for each performance qf the eo,oicty, and furthor, gives them the. pr(vilcge"of attending the final rehearsals preparatory to Beveral concerts. This latter arrangement is a decided advantage nhen any new work is to be given. A full rehearsal will tako plaoo at the Town Hall to-morrow oven ing, when evory performing member is requested to attoud puuctually at half- past 7. Subscribers only, as stated above, will be admitted on production of their tickets of membership. Any one desirous of joining the Union may nqw d.o qo, while (¡ho now list reinait.ji open,, Mr, \\. 3,. Ohapmau or Mr. T. Bepuison being' prepared to receive subscriptions, "The Mohawks" at Dp.iGiirQ^.-nTho Mohawk Minstrel troupe paid a visit to Brighton on Friday last, hy invitation, and in tho evening gave a con- cert in aid of tl»3 funds of the Brighton Crieket Club. Tho supporters of tho club did not come in very largo numbers, but it was stated that overy one was very busy until late in tho field"", and that tho time, therefore, was somewhat inopportune. There was, buwevev, mure than enough lo cover' expenses, and,, so far aB tfie concert itself was con cerned, that seemed' to give entire satisfaction, Tho jimmey to and fro was performed in ono of Austin and N/ewnham's breaks, Mr. A. T. Stuart, who drove, having tho well.known Ano team of greys, which he haudlod liko an artist throughout. Tho oonoert took place in Empson's Assembly Rooms, which was moro than half filled. Tho Mohawks opened with tho orthodox Christy Minstrel half circle, Messrs. A. Chancellor and \f, Hudspeth being tho corner men. These geritlcmon havo evidently plenty of fan iii thoir oomposltion, whioh thoy manago also to impart to their hoarors, and it would be difficult to say whioh boaame the greatest favourite. They handled their respective weapons, tambo aud bones, with considerable skill, and their jokes were good and carefully selected, certain improvised ones being, however, rather watery. Mr. F. Bowden was an excellent/ interlocutor, sup- porting hig corner mon oq well in dialogue that the comedians will eaoh do well to leave his colleague moro to himself in futuro when that colleague's turn is on. There were ton solos in the open- ing part, besides the introductory chorus. The best numbers were Mr. 0. Pitfield's "Chiming Bells," Mr. Chancellor's "Get thee Gone, Girl," Mr. F. Ralfo's " Vacant is tho Old Home," and Mr. Hudspeth's " Saveloy Map." In the sacond partj bejjjdpq thp above-named performers, Messrs. J. Fryer, B. Hannaford, and two lady amateurs rendered good assistance, the comio sconon gaining hearty appreciation, while the quartette, " Banks and Braes," by Messrs. Pitfield, Ralfe, Bowden, and Chancellor was ouo of the most onjoyablo numbera of tho evening, and narrowly esciped an encore. The last of all was a laughaulo faroo, Tfa Darkey PhotomoQraplwr, in whiph thp ports were distributed as follows ¡-Mr. Collodion (a photo- grapher), K Hudspoth; Mr. Felin Gumbo (from the country), E. Hannaford i Adolphus (a boy up. at-all-fuss), A. Chancellor. The National Anthem appropriately closed the oonoert. In anticipation of the Mohawks appearing in town we recommend them to study attitudo on the stage Lolling about is neither conducive to elegance and uni- formity of appearance or good singing. The body perfectly upright, with chest well forward, and hands on knees, secures both if other conditions are propitious. Thorp, is plenty of talent in the club, and, with perseverance, it ought to make its mark.' Tennis,-The final match of the first tie for the champion racket was played off by C. W. Butler and John Macfarlane. James Macfarlane being out of the colony, was forced to scratch, leaving his an- tagonist, C. Poynter, in. Macfarlane won, but it was for all that a close thing, for Butler was five to three in the first set, and five love in the second, yet with all this he lost three sets love. It was evident to all who know him that he was rather out of form. Indeed both players were more than anxious, they were nervous, and did not play their best. Macfarlane, like his adversary, cut many balls needlessly under the net, but played a very straightforward game throughout, and he stands a very good chance, in our opinion, of the racket. The second tie was drawn immediately after this match, as follows :-John Macfarlane and A. Dobson, T. M. Evans and S. S. Travers, Rev. J. C. Mace and C. Poynter, Mr. Justice Dobson and Dr. Holden. The General Hospital.-Tho following long list of casualties were received and treated at tho General Hospital on Saturday or yesterday. Robert Hubbard, SO years of ago, wound on little finger. ]¡)llpn Cqgulan, ago 49, Smith-street, had a fish bone stuck in her throat, which was removed. Arthur Ellis, age 13, Elizabeth-street, wound at back of head through falling on to a fondor. .Walter Verrai!, oge 8, Goulhnrn- stroet, cut ntback of head through a fall. John l'aync, Lower Collins street, age 4, right thumb crushed in door. Rupert Lilley, another boy, residing in Brisbane-street, pqptus¡on to back of head through falling off a fence, AU the sufferers had their injuries attended to, and left the institution. SusrECTED Drowning.-Mr. Aaron Ashwood, the water bailiff, suddenly disappeared an Saturday, and the only oonolusion that can be arrived at is a melancholy one, namely, that ho has been drowned. Ho left his rcsidonco at Kindon on Saturday, and carno to the city as was his wont on that day to report himself'at head quarters. He finished what business he had to transact in town, and loft tho waterman's ferry in his own boat at about 11 o'clook on Saturday morning, to return homo. He had a strong N.W, wind to contend against on his way up, and was last soon by Williams, tho boat builder, about noon off Government Houso point, beating up the river against this wind, Tho suppo- sition is that after rounding this point his boat was struck by a squall and capsized, and that Mr. Ashwood having heavy clothes on, could not keep abovo water, but sank. It is also thought that the boat has gono down too, as it had a quantity of iron in it for ballast, which would bo sufficient to Bink it, if it filled with water. The water bailiff had told his wife and family that ho would bo home for dinnor on Saturday, and his children wero on tho look-out for him. His son came home in the after- noon, and finding his father bad not arrived, took a telescope and made a Burvoy of the river m tho direction of the expected boat, but saw nothing of it. Ashwood not making his appearance, Mr. Swan, the InBpeotor of Police, was communicated with yesterday morning. He immediately procured a boat, and together with two of the Territorial Police and Ashwood's son, went out in search of the missing man. Messrs. Turner, Cumming, and Smith, accompanied by Constable Cleary, went nut in the yacht Alert for the same purposo. Tho . parties searched thoroughly the beach on ono side of the river from Risdon to tho city, and on tho other from opposito Risdon to below Kangaroo Point Bluff, but no trace could be discovered of either Ashwood or his boat. Tho search was carriod on nearly the wholo day, and no other con elusion than the one above stated can bo come to. Ashwood had held the position of water bailiff for a groat uunibor of years, and always did his duty in a determined way ; in fact, as¡B usual in such kinds of employment, made some enemies by tho firm manner in whioh ho carried on his work. Ash- wood, however, is spoken of by others as a genial man, and well htted for his duties. Great sympathy is expressed for his wife and family at their bo unexpected beroavemont. . Suicide.-Tho man Joseph Stacey, who was taken to tho General Hospital on Thursday morning last, suffering from self-inflicted wounds in the throat, expired in that institution at an early hour yesterday morning, from the effects of his rash action. Au inquest will probably be held on the body. A Fink Fisn.-A fino brown trout, weighing 101b., was presented to the Tasmanian Club by Mr. W. C. Sharland, of New Norfolk, on Saturday. Tho full, whioh was caught in tho Uiver Derwent, was served up at tho dinner given to His Excel- lency Sir Honry Lefroy on Saturday evening. Sorell Sales.-Our correspondent writes : " In my notioo of the four s took sales whioh take place between this and Christmas, an error occurs as regard b the dates, and lust it Bliould lead to .inconvenience, I correct it at onoe. Tho dates, as seen from tho advertisements, are these :-Messrs. Roberts and Co's. ordinary sales on AVediiesday, December 8, and Wednesday, December 22, their Christmas salo being on tho 14th ; and Mr. Thomas. Westbrook's on the 17th, by whioh time, as Mr. j James Cleary, the builder, of Hobart Town, ia j Îmining on with then¿ the new yarda will be ready i The Tasmanian Forfeits.- Mr. 0. M. Lloyd writes to the Australtisian:-" In the 'Turf GoBsip' of your ¡sstio of the 20th inst., I nolieo some remarks rolativo to the non-paymont of forfeits by Mr. A. Kearney to a produce stake won by mo at Hobart Town loet year, and from his statomeufc it would appear as if I hnd no redress whatever. Tho following mu the facts of tho case :-After I had «on tho race, Mr. Browrc, tho ecoretary of the club, gave mea list of subscribers to the ot.iWe, on which Mr. A. Koaruey's nimo appears as owing £10. On enquiry I found that tho horses nomi- nated by Mr. Kearney really belonged to tho late Mr. T. B. Clarke. I had an interview willi Mr. Russell Young, who acts for Mr. Claiko's représen- tatives, and ho ri fused to pay up, on tho grounds that tho horses had boen sold ; and as thoro wau no transfer of engagements, tinned by the various purchasers, I hail no alternitive but to f.ill back on Mr. Kearney under i ule 17 of tho V It C, and rulo 27 of the English Jnrkey Club. I hops Mr. Kearney will ho able to settle the question with Mr. Clarko's representatives for his own sake." Both the Artillery and Rifle Regiment will parado this ovening at 7 3D. ' | The annual meeting of shareholders of the Com- mercial Bank is to bo held to- day, at noon, to elect office« and directors. # , . . , A floral couceit in connection with St. John's Association is to toko place in tho schoolroom, Goulburn-street, mi Friday evoning next. The Derwont Dramatic Club is to produce the Golden Plough, a new drama, and Op in the World, at the Theatre next week. 