THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. That was a nice little spectacle in last Saturday's Ministerial organ. Two articles specially pleading for billets for two friends of Ananias — one for the Botantic Gardens, and the other for the Public Librarian- ship. Two good men were to be put out to make room for the two pets of the man who runs his rag in what he terms the interests of the great Radical party. The first man whom Ananias wants to worry out of his billet is Mr. Guilfoyle, the curator of the Botanic Gardens. There is some crawler in the office of the Lyre Bird wants that billet, so Guilfoyle must be worried. To do this Vale is engaged—a better tool for a bit of dirty grubbing couldn't be found. Spying round and bullying public servants is life to Vale. He couldn't live without it. Second- hand books and scraps of law wouldn't keep him going. He wants something more ex- citing, so general spy for the Government is a job he glories in. Vale visits the gardens, and fancies he has discovered a "grievance." The curator has a bit of private garden all to himself. His own blessed self. Well, this is shocking, downright tyranny to the working man. "Scandalous! Public grounds, public money, for private use. Oh, it's terrible !" says Vale, and out comes his note book. But it turns out that there wasn't no grievance, after all. For the private gardens were public ones. The gate was never locked, and anybody that liked could go in and out just as he pleased. When this little game won't work to get at the curator, Ananias raises a howl about the ap- pearance of the gardens, and the expense of maintenance. Now, if ever the gardens did look nice, and well worth the money expended on them, it's at the present time. Instead of a wild waste, there are some beautiful lawns to stroll on, and pretty flowers to look at, and the cost is free gratis. Ananias makes a great boast about his friend the working man, and yet, when some fine velvet lawns are provided for him and his children to roam about on, then the man who spends seven years of his life to get them in order is abused like a pickpocket. How circumstances do alter the cases. Just when Berry and his Government were on the drop ready to give up the ghost, one of the literary gentlemen in town scribbled a wishy- washy thing called "The Happy Land." There were some nasty, unkind things said about poor Jerry, and "The Happy Land" was such hot property that the Chief Secre- tary stopped it being played. Now the author of that skit is fawning to the head of the Government to get a billet in the public service. It's to be hoped Berry and his col- league have got the full measure of the gen- tleman that Ananias wants to force on them. It's just as well when a man gets hold of a servant to have a "karacter" with him, and I know someone that would like to have the job of writing that man's, and it's not my- self, either. If there is one beak I should like to be brought up before more than another, it's a Collingwood one. The magistrates down that way appear to be the softest-hearted creatures I ever came across. The other day some larrikins set a big dog on to a gentle- man, and the brute tore the flesh out of his legs. The youngsters were summoned, and the magistrate did a big frown, and swore, so help his ten men and a boy, that he would make a terrible example of these larrikins ; but, according to the sentence, I can't help thinking he made a bigger f—— well, example of himself. For setting that dog on to feed off a fellow-citizen's calves, he actually fined those larrikins a whole five shillings a-piece, or forty eight hours'. It was terrible severity, wasn't it ? But, joking aside, surely it is time that some- one was appointed down Collingwood way to make matters a little more lively for the fellows in that locality. It is to be hoped that when the Collingwood imitators of the Kelly gang are brought up, there will be some- body with a better opinion of the severity of the law than the man who sat on the bench last Friday week. There are some mean screws in this world, and no mistake. Here is a little bit I heard of last Monday. It, seems that the waiters at the Exhibition, when they have to supply a customer with beer or spirits, have to pay for it themselves, and get a ticket to show the customer. Well, the. other day, while one of the waiters was away getting his charge ticket, the customer mopped up the beer and cleared out leaving the waiter to pay. Now, I call that mean and I don't know that it would have been worth while mentioning only that it has happened several times, and the waiter say their screws won't stand such heavy dis- counting. I fancy they are about right. The other day, at the presentation by the French commissioner to the Victorian Govern- ment of some vases and other valuable works of art, the health of the president of the French Republic was proposed. While the glasses were being filled, some confounded fellow asked who the gentleman was that bossed the Republic at the present time. Well, I'm told it was real funny to hear the guesses made by some of the commissioners. Little Mirams assured his pals that it was Monshure Ferret, but Jack Woods, who said he had just been reading "The Mysteries of Paris," de- clared that it was Monsyre Worth. Jack Gardiner informed his colleagues that he ought to know, seeing he was a large importer of French clocks, and that the president was Mons. De Lissups. At last a newspaper man who had been bursting his sides at the guess- ing, came to the rescue, and told them it was Grévy. Then all said in a breath : "Of course, why, bless my soul, where was my memory?" It doesn't seem to be a good line to be a patient of the Melbourne Hospital, according to what I saw in the papers on Wednesday last. There is a little too much red tape about that institution to suit my book—that is, if I was a sufferer in one of the wards. Of course, when you are only a subscriber and outside the building, it don't matter ; but it isn't pleasant to have to stand one-inch maggots crawling about your body for forty- eight hours just because it's agin the rules for the nurse to take them off. Now, I never had any of the gents fooling round any of my sores, but it strikes me I should consider it rather rough if the doctors let me holloa as loud as I could, and passed by my bed with a promise "to see to me to-morrow ;" then, if I sung out louder, was threatened with the refractory ward, where the lunatics are kept. As the old Boatswain says in "Pinafore," "it goes agin my human natur" to read of the suffer- ings of that poor woman Anne Martin, and all because of the brutal conduct of some of the doctors — for when discipline is enforced to the extent it was in her case, why, then brutal is the only name for it. The hardest part of the affair, to my mind, was the attempt made by one of the committee—a surgeon, too—to put the blame on the matron. Why, if it hadn't been for the tender-hearted- ness of that dear girl—bless her heart!— (can't help it, Mrs. Peerybingle ; it's no use you getting jealous)— if it had not been for that woman, it's ten chances to one Anne Martin would have been shut up in the mad- house, and by this time there wouldn't have been much left for maggots or anything else to feed on her. And this in civilised Mel- bourne ! I can't tell what this country is coming to. It seems to me it's going backwards, instead of ahead. The other day, at Sand- hurst, a girl twelve years of age breaks down a fence to let a cow through, and so save herself a seven-mile walk, and for this terrible sin she is sent to gaol for three weeks, and her whole future life blasted by the gaol taint. On the same day, two grown- up blackguards in Collingwood help to lay open a constable's skull, and for this mur- derous assault they are fined 5s., or forty- eight hours'. Now, there is a little difference in the two offences. The one might have ended in murder, for all the larrikins cared ; while the worst that could have happened in the girl's case was the trespassing of a cow in a paddock. Here's the Social Science Congress doing a heap of talking and blowing about literature, and dynamics, and mathe- matics, and all manner of long-named things but if some of them would only take in hand a plan for giving us less law and more jus- tice, they would earn the thanks of a good many, and among them. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. Our Shepparton correspondent, writing on Tuesday, says :— "I regret having to an- nounce the death to-day of Mr. Alfred Leahy, long and favourably known in Mel- bourne, as well as in the Goulburn Valley district. Mr. Leahy had an attack of paralysis some three months ago, from which he never properly rallied. The immediate cause of his death, however, was acute pneumonia, which seized him about Friday last, and although Drs. Heath and Fitzgerald had been in hourly attendance doing everything their skill and experience could suggest, he expired at his residence this morning at 8 o'clock, just in the prime of life. Mr. Leahy was for a long time authorised Government surveyor for the county of Moira ; held a seat in the Echuca shire until its division, somewhat more than a year ago, and has ever been foremost as a public man, using all his energy and influence on behalf of the town of Shepparton and surrounding neigh- bourhood. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved widow and children, who, however, it is believed, are left well provided for. The funeral takes place on Thursday. A most melancholy accident occurred at Wunghnu, yesterday, to a young man, about twenty- four years of age, named Woodhouse, son of the local butcher there. In trying to subdue and conquer a young restive horse, he was accidentally thrown, falling on his head, and receiving concussion of the brain, which, in a short time, terminated fatally. The Rev. H. T. Tucker paid his farewell visit to Mooroopna on Sunday morning last, prior to his taking full charge of Christ Church, South Yarra. His many friends, while sorry to lose his services, rejoice at his preferment." 