IYSTERIOUS WILL : AND ;' WHAT CAMTE OF IT. B m TE AUuou or DECOT ~ OMER 'Ho~mE. CIHAPTER Y~Ii-(C'ontinued.':)r " Tery likely." ,": Noi' Hugh goes to his bedroom, whicli is a badk room o:rthe second floor, quit?e a king's bedhanmber' when eompared vitli.his .Chapter Street attic. Hugh'is tired after his longday's journey, and at, once'ges to bed ; but it is some time before he cmn sleep.. His thoughts wander far"away, back to Soho, and the life he htis quitted,'ias . he thinks, for ever. Wh'it are tlief' all doing .nowI those people who were so long mixed up witlih lhis daily life ? No douibt all' asleep, with the exceptton of Harry lcynolds. Aid then Hugh Leigh thinks of the south wilg. It is very neai lihim now. On his way to bed David showed him the outer door of thle room in which Hugli ate his dinner. Whatever mystery'there is in the south wing that mystery? is now, for the first time under the same roof that covers Hugh Leigh. At lasti~ugh sleeps. When he wakes he at first'f~ancies he is in his attic ; and onlyj arrieS at his true state of tlhings wheh. hle..hears David Mackay's voice calling "' chuck, chuck," to the chickens in the back garden. CHAPTER ISX. .... A P'ERIOD OF REST. "W hon the sunbeams bright are falling O'.er the o.earth, snow-bound of late; .. When each birdio's voice is calling Siweetly to its feathered mate; In the golden summer-time, In the mad, swoot summer-time, Wearied heart and brains are blest, With a dreamy sort of rest.",-ANox. TuE last raindrop Ihas fallen ; the linger ing 'nortli winds vwhich-have been hover ing over .Bleakshire all through the spring and early summer lhave whistled themselves "over the hills and far away;" the sun is shining hotly and fieicely from out of a cloudless sky; the fields, gardens, and lanes are sweet with theobreath of flowers ; summer lhas been a long time coming to lleakshire, but it hbs-come aa lnst. Bleakshire is one of the coldest counties in England. Irontown is' situated in the coldest part of Bleakshire but even Bleakshire has its summer, and that summer has now set in ivith: a vengeance. .Whan Hugh Leighl gets up, the first thing he does is to open his bedroom window, and. let in the sweet country air. It is laden with the breath of the homely flowers that grow in the Hill Peak garden; it is laden with the breath of the new-mown hay.wjhich lies ready to be stacked' .in. the . meadows beyond. Pleasant to look at is that Hill Peak garden ;: just an acre of land, with high walls hidden with creeping plants and wall-fruit 'on each .side, and a ha-ha at the back, which separates the garden from the hay-field.' Beyond is a long view,,; of '>.pleasant country sloping gradually towards ia valley, in which Hugh can see, the spire of a church glittering in the morning sunshine. Close to the back of the 'house is a yard 1 where chickens, "turkeys, and pigeons are taking their morning meal in company ; then comes an old- fasliioned fipower garden, .with roses, geraniums, swtot -peas, flags, and wall-flowels mixed together in sweet confusion ; and at' tlie end -are a few apple, pear, and cherry 'trees, with currant and goose b'erry bushes, herbs, and the usual garden representatives of the vegetable king dom. ,Hugh Leigh finds breakfast ready in tie front room. He lingers for a time, happy in the thought that he can linger over his breakfast, and then goes to make tlie tour of his house. David Mackay offers to be his guide,, but Hugh politely declines his" services; so that the old man goes to Irontownl ii sea'rch of a " strong wench ! " and Hugh Leigh takes a survey .of Hill Peak. He hbegiuns with' the' library. Books round three sides' of the wall, books of every size, sort, and ,description ; hand somely-bound volumes of ancient classics and modern standard authors, and rare editions of once famous books with only paper covers. An old harpsichord, near whicj lies the grand old music of Mozart, Handel, and Beethoven, a Cremona violin, and a guitar with blue ribbons. Delicateofingers, long since turned into dust, may have played 'on that harpsi chord.; and those fair blue ribbons may have once eincircled mnmiy. a fair neck! . Hugh takes down some of the books,' just looks at the titles, and replaces them on tlie dusty shelves.;: At:present his mind is too overworked to think o' any serious reading'; buitin a few weeksf time he hopes to spend many pleasant hours in that well-stocked library. In one of the books is written, " Marian lRaby, a present from lier dear brother Arthur on her seventeenth birthday." Alas! that a-time should have come when that " dear brother Arthur "hated his sister as much as it was in the power of his gentle nature to hate ! Hugh goes up to the drawing-room ia long room, with a grand piano, aniirored walls, gilt furniture, and a cumbersome chandelier for wax candles ; for there is 'nogas at Hill Peak. " I shan't often sit here," thinks Hugh. " The room seems haunted with the ghosts of departed gaieties. County faiurlies must have, met here, sipped coffee, played cards, sang " Meet me by moonlight alone," and '" Rise, gentle moon," and perhaps danced stately minuets on this worn-out carpet long before I was born- How quickly the wor'll passes away ! I suppose there are very few of the belles who no doubt di tlleir best to captivate poor Arthuri Rably when lie was a young man, left in; the world now." ... To 1b3 Com, tsnued The postal communication between Belgrade and Semlin is now carried on on the ice, the Danube being frozen over between those two places. 