THEATRE ROYAL. The 'inauguration of a new Shaksperian sea- son at the Theatre Royal on Saturday, July 24, was marked by the reappearance of Mr. B. Fairclough, who received a very hearty welcome from a crowded auditory. When he was pre- vionsly in Adelaide some five years ago, Mr. Fairelough was a popular actor, whose ability was recognised by a very large circle of theatre goers, and judging by his reception on Saturday his popularity is not likely to wane under his pre- sent engagement. Mr. Fairclough is not an actor of the modern stamp, whose forte may be comedy or melodrama, but who aspires to the higher walk of tragedy to satisfy his ambition, but he is essentially a tragedian, one of the few now upon the stage who may be classed as students of Shakspeare, and therefore his per- formances have a greater value on this account. There were many who during Mr. Creswick's Shakepearian season did not admire that capable actor's impersonations because of the physical disabilities that attended an actor who had been before the public for nearly half a century, and there were differences of opinion as to the style in which some of the characters were played by him, but public opinion was unanimous on the subject of his ability to elucidate the meaning of Shakspeare, to give dramatic effect to the language, and to display as an elocutionist a very high order of merit. Want of clearness in enunciation was a defect that attended him only on account of his age ; but it was always a pleasure to listen to Mr. Creswick's reading of Shakespeare, apart altogether from the value of his acting. In Mr. Fairclough we have a more youthful actor, but one whose powers are matared, and who should be in the very heyday of his fame. He has much to recommend him in personal appearance (although it is a question whether a moustache is any improvement to his face), and he has an easy graceful manner, and walks the stage as one who knows, that he is capable of portraying the most difficult of Shakspeare's creations with artistic excellence and realistic effect. Mr. Fairclough, however, has one drawback that may not be so apparent to himself as to his audience, and that is that he often speaks in an undertone that can scarcely be heard in the auditorium, and "bites off '' his words. The defect is one that can be remedied with care, and is most noticeable when speaking colloquially, not when he simu- lates passion or when the tragic powers are roused. This was particularly apparent on Saturday in the opening act, and the famous soliloquy, '' O that this too, too solid flesh would melt,'' suffered in consequence, also the speech to the players in the second act. Mr. Fairclough, however, evoked a storm of enthusiastic applause by his admirable rendering of the self -impeach- ing soliloquy, '' O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I.'' Every gesture was appropriate, every utterance expressive of the passion that filled Hamlet's soul, and which had to be curbed and kept under restraint until the opportunity was afforded him of proving the guilt of the king and avenging the murder of his father. Again in the play scene he was most effective, and also in the interview with his mother, where he intensifies the reality of "holding discourse with the incorporeal air'' by following his father's ghost to the portal of the chamber and there falling prostrate as the receding figure departs from his view. The force of the comparison between the dead king and his murderer, was somewhat marred by the scene-painter represent- ing the defunct hero as a crook-legged ugly sample of humanity, instead of one upon whom '' every god did seem to set his seal, to give the world assurance of a man.'' The living husband, who was like a "mildewed ear blasting the whele- some brother,'' was much the better king of the two, on canvas. In the final act Mr, Fairclough again displayed his skill in the fencing match and in the dying scene. He was frequently and deservedly called before the curtain. Mr. Fairclough's reading of the part makes it evident that Hamlet's madness was only feigned, a reading which is most acceptable to the majority of Shaksperian students. Miss Annie Mayor as Ophelia quite took her audience by surprise, her admirable acting in the mad scene evoking a most enthusiastic recall. This clever young actress, who is Australian born and educated, has seldom been afforded so good an opportunity of showing her histrionic power as in her por- trayal of ''the sorrows of the sweet and gentle Ophelia''. Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner as Queen Gertrude was too youthful looking for the mother of Hamlet, and was not sufficiently emotional in the chamber scene. It was observable that she made no change in her costume, whether in court, in her chamber, or at Ophelia's funeral. Mr. Elliott as the King was stiff and monotonous; Mr. Fleming was fairly successful as Laertes, but if he changed parts with Mr. Phillips, the Horatio, we think both parts would be improved; Mr. Palmer was a creditable Polonius ; and Mr. Thorne amusing as the first gravedigger. Mr. Holloway as the ghost, and Miss Knight as Osric, aided in the success of the representation. The lovers of high- class music will be pleased to learn that Mr. Allison has succeeded in effecting an engagement with M. Ketten, the famous pianist, who has been creating such a furore in the adjoining colonies. This accom- plished artist will give a series of six concerts in the Town Hall early in September, and as his services have been secured at great expense, season tickets will be issued by which families - and those who desire to attend the whole series of concerts will secure special advantages. Mr. Allison has also engaged Mr. Bland Holt's New Babylon Company to appear at the Theatre Royal in a succession of novelties at the close of Mr. Fairclough's Shakesperian season, a month or six weeks hence. Mr. Roberts, the Irish comedian (who will be best remembered as Mrs. Crusoe in the last pantomime), will appear for a fortnight, and will be succeeded in October by the English Opera Bouffe Company with two prima donnas and other leadine artists. Mr. Allison joins Mr. Lyster in the production of a number of new operas as well as old favorites. It is probable that the Juvenile Pinafore Company will also be brought over, Mr. J. L. Hall has been engaged to play a round of his own characters, and to superintend the production of the new pantomime, which will be presented here on Boxing Night, so that Adelaide, like Sydney and Melbourne, will have its pantomime at Christmastide, and will not be compelled to wait until those places have been served for its spectacular amusement during the festive season. When the pantomime has run its allotted time Garner's Comedy Company will open the dramatic season of 1881. 