Killed at her Wedding. — In the andst of the great events of war, such Incidents as the following were compara tively unnoticed, and left to he long afterward related in print : — Miss Annie Eckens, daughter of the governor of South Carolina, was to he married, on 22nd April, 18G3, in Charleston, to Lieut. Andrew de Rochelle. The wedding party as assembled in the Pickens' residence, and the clergyman was asking the bride if she was ready, when a shell from a Union gun in the harbour broke into the room and hurst. Kine persons were hurt, but «nly Miss Pickens' wound proved mortal. She b ire the pain with wonderful for titude, and was unmoved when informed die had only an hour or two to live. Be Eoclieili; said that he would like to fe&ve; her die his wife, and the poor girl Badly smiled an assent. The guests re member the scene as far more pitiful than they can describe. The bride lay on the Bofa, her white dress dabbled in blood, and her hair dishevelled, while her pallid face was so wrung with agony that her efforts to smile became futile. The cere mony was hurriedly performed, though the bride's " yes" was in a faint, labored whisper, and her lips hardly moved in re sponse to her husband's kiss. She died immediately afterward. »x. ttaul's cathedralj melboltllsk.— Respecting the progress of St. Paul's Cathedral the "Church of England Messenger" states : — " The foundations of that portian which is to be built — viz. , the choir, transepts, central tower, and part of the nave — are now almost com pleted. The walls and piers are all above ground, and a good idea can now be obtained of the general plan of the build ing by a visit to the works. The moulded bases of the four large tower piers are nearly linished. They are constructed of massive blocks of ribbed Malmsbury blue- stone, and are splendid specimens of solid construction, combined with excellence of finish. The board have requested Mr ' Butterfield to forward them the working drawings for the next contract. These drawings will most likely represent the tower, piers, and arches, and the greater part of the adjacent superstructure, and will serve to give a much better idea of the merits of the design than the sketches hitherto received." A Tale of Murder. — The old adage, that murder will out, has been illustrated in a very striking manner lately. A murder of an atrocious character was committed nearly seventeen years ago, in Liverpool, the victim being a woman. The perpetrator of the foul deed left 110 trace behind him which might lead to his discovery, and the Scotland-yard detec tives were completely bafiledand abandoned the idea of ever discovering him. About twelve months ago, however, they ob tained a clue, and by working up a chain of evidence which they managed to collect they found the murderer had left for Australia, and here they were obliged to fall back on the detectives in the various colonies. A few weeks ago a man, answering to the name of the murderer and his description, was found in New- South Wales in one of the lunatic asylums, a confirmed maniac, where he has been an inmate for some time past. Scripture Practically Applied. — Many years ago, when the mowing on the farm was done with a scythe, Farmer A. and his hired men were mowing together in the field. The hired man was in close promixity to a large nest of hornets. He advanced as far as he thought was prudent and jumped from the swath and ran away. Farmer A, imagining that the hired man was frightened at nothing, stepped into his swath with this Scriptural quotation : " The wicked flee when no man pursiietli, but the righteous are bold as a lion," and mowed ahead. Two or three strokes brought him in contact with the nest, and the hornets swarmed out at a lively rate, giving him a a sharp reception. The farmer ran, when it was the hired man's turn to quote Scripture, which he did, by the following : " The wise man forseeth the evil and turneth aside, but the fool passeth on and is punished." A Ghost Story. — A good deal of excite ment lias lately been caused in Hobart by a mysterious and ghostly form that kept appearing from time to time in lonely places, frightening women out of their senses. On one occasion it attempted to throw a handkerchief in the face of a young girl who was walking out alone iu the evening. A Hobart telegram in the " Launceston Examiner" says : — " The ghost mystery lias been the excitement of to-day (3rd December). It appears that between one and two o'clock this morning three constables who were in Salamanca place, near the old St. David's Cemetery, noticed a man standing in the middle of the road, and a white figure similar to that which others have seen, and which has been called ' the ghost,' on the foot path. The man, wh« turned out to be Thomas Neviu, the Town Hall keeper, was arrested, and two of the cor stables chased the ghost, who was fleet-footed, but would have been captured onlv one of the constables fell. This afternoon the police committee held an enquiry into the matter. Their proceedings lasted five hours, and a number of witnesses were examined with a view of elucidating the mystery. The result of their delibera tions was that Neviu was held to be to blame, but the facts adduced were not sufficiently strong to warrant his being prosecuted. It has not been ascertained who the individual is who has been actin the part of the ghost, but there is reason to hope that he will soon he detected." A Slight Mistake. — The correspondent f the "Ararat Advertiser" tells a story of the discomfiture of a clerk in one of the banks at Camperdown, who is one of the curled darlings of the ladies. Whilst out for a walk some time since, Lothario met a nice-looking voting damsel wheeling a perambulator, and condescended to speak to her and walked some distance. The fair one was polite but distant, and somewhat disdainfully declined to make an assigna tion for the following evening. Judge" the gentleman s surprise, however, when on the following morning a robust youim giant in the form of a wool-classer stepped into the bank to make enquiries as to which was the young man who spoke and walked with his wife the previous evening A retreat was beaten into the managers office, and now each day the clerk seeks the shortest route from the back door to his hotel. Land Opes for Selection.— The " Gazette" contains a notification that the whole of the land along the different tributaries of the Buffalo River, situate at a greater distance than three chains on either side cf such tributaries, and re cently withdrawn from the mining reserve, will be open for application under Part II., section ,19, Land Act 1SG9, on and after the 24th December, 1880, at nine o clock, a.m., subject to the concurrence of the Minister of Minpm A. Cup of Tea.—1 " Lounger" in the '(Herald" concluded a well-written article on tea and tea-drinking thus : — And now it word: Do you know how' to niakS"ystir tea 1 Do you see that the tea-pot is dry and warm when you place the leaves with in it 1 Do you let the vater boil at least five minutef ere you pour enough to cover the leaves (and no more) into the pot f Do you take heed to keep the vessel so far re moved - from the fire that the tea shall not stew ? Finally, do you see that when you fill up the teapot from the kettle or urn the water is still "on the boil V' Of course pou do. These are the essential points ,01 making (not brewing) a good and whole some cup of tea. And take my tip, if you boil tlie milk as for coffee (adding cold any cream you may like), and use good " loaf" sugar, your tea, madam, shall be nectar. The Russians do not use milk in their in fusions. Lemon is preferred, and I know from a satisfactory experience that there is no more delicious summer drink than a jug of cold tea, in which (when hot) a few lemons have been sliced. This beverage, my friends, discreetly sweetened and iced, might tempt Bacchus himself to join the ranks of temperance. And so much, dear gossips, for tea. New Zealand and its Public Men. — The correspondent of the " Adelaide Observer" thus writes : — By a late tele gram to hand, we learn that our Agent- General, Sir Julius Yogel, has resigned his appointment, after holding it for over four years. Retrenchment was insisted on in his department, and Sir Julius Yogel would not retrench. He will, as we learn, shortly leave England for New Zealand, and once more enter the arena of politics. He will be enthusiastically received — of that I am sure— and will find no difficulty in obtaining a seat in the Assembly, and a portfolio in the Ministry. ' His tactics, as a statesman, have ever been truly Napoleonic. Grand schemes enter into him, which he carries through with a Auk Mii A<u-Lug and a confidence which never fail to secure a large and powerful following. As a statesman he is unscru pulous in the extreme, and always reckless of consequences. When he finds an enemy powerful enough to thwart and op pose him, his enemy is appeased by the bestowal of some valuable appointment. He has great regard for his enemies, and an utter indifference to his friends. The latter, he say3, will stand by him in a diffi culty ; the former must be quieted. This policy is the very reverse of Sir George Grey, who favored his friends, and sat upon all those who would not go with him, and whose ways were not his ways. But then Sir George Grey lost his Pre miership, and is now liviug in his beauti ful island home, at Kawan, in obscurity ; but surrounded by all the elegancies of a highly refined life ; a library richly stored with all that is rare and choice in ancient and mediaeval literature ; gardens and plantations of the exotics brought from all parts of the world. The island, in fact, is a perfect wilderness of beauty, national and cultivated ; and an income of twenty thousand pounds a year, to preserve order. Sir Julius Vogel, on the other hand, cares nothing for the concrete. He is a gour mand, fond of the very best of victuals and drink, and rich apparel, and a good mansion and card parties, where the play- is high. With Sir Julius, a primrose by the river's brim is ct cetera ; that is, in sooth, if he would know a primrose when he saw one, which I very much doubt. But Sir Julius owns nothing of himself, in the way of possessions ; has nothing but what he earns, which he spends to the last six pence. If Sir Julius Yogel conies, as I have 110 doubt he will, and should become a Minister, as I have, also, no doubt, he will send retrenchment to the wind. He will dazzle the public by some series of grand proposals ; will raise large sums of money ; will carry on top ropes ; and, I suppose, after he has run a brilliant course, he will find himself isolated on some political St. Helena, where he will be remembered — spoken of — written about — but will no more be asked for. Astounding Trick.— The "Japan Mail," gives an account of the following as tounding trick, which is being exhibited at Jospida Baski : — The performance takes place in a room about 26 feet long by 12 feet wide, half being allotted to the spectators, who are admitted on payment of the moderate fee of two cents. The " properties" consist of a deal table and a sword, &e.; After the usual soul-stirring flourish on a drum and samisen, a man and woman appeal- on the scene. The man binds the woman's head in the cloth, and she then kneels down close to the table, and siileways to the spectators. The man then draws the sword; makes a violent blow at the woman's neck ; she falls forward, arms extended, and limbs twitching. He then, having first wiped the sword on a grey-looking rag, takes up (apparently) the woman's head, wrapped in the cloth, and places it on the table. To all appearance it is a human head. The eyelids aud features have a convulsive motion. t Presently the eyes open in a dreamy sort of way, and to the accom paniment of the everlasting samisen, the head sings a mournful song. A curtain is then interposed between the audience and the performers, and when again drawn back the woman is disclosed quietly seated alongside of the man. When it is recollected that this all takes place within three feet from the spectator, and that the " properties" arc of the simplest descrip tion, some idea may be formed of the wonderful excellence of such a perform ance. The Passion Play.— The "Era" says the principal actors in the Passion Spiel- :ct Oberamniergau, iu Bavaria, which came to a close 011 September 27 th, have gone t« Italy to take a well- earned holiday after their labors. During the time the scenery and properties will be put in repair for future use. They include the whale that swallowed Jonah, the sword of Judith, the trumpets of Jericho, the throne of Herod, the Roman lictors' fasces, Jacob's pastoral staff, and the seven-branched candlestick. Forty representations of the sacred drama were given, which produced the sum of £100,000 applied as follows : — @ne-fourtk to the erection of the theatre aud expenses of representation, one-fourth to the actors, one- fourth to the landed proprietors of Oberamniergau , and the re maining fourth to tlie public schools of the district. Joseph Mayr, who imper sonated Christ, received £30 for his share — that is, not £1 per night. The number of spectators, who came from all parts of the we.rld, reached 175, 0C0 a day. The clear profit of the play is said to amount to £15,000. King Ludwig abandoned at the last moment the idea of having a representation given to himself alone. It is considered very doubtful whether the Government will ever again sanction a renewal of the festival, which, owing to its financial success, lias greatly deviated from its original devotional character. A Martyr to Fashion. — A writer in the London " World," in an article de nouncing the monstrosities of modern fashion, says : — A well-authenticated case is on record of a mother who, being dissatisfied with the size of her daughter's waist, at that time aged twelve, persuaded her, nothing loath, to wear perpetually a pair of stays fashioned like a cuirass, but with a padlock always fastened, of which the mother kept the key. Intricate. — The "Daily Northern Argus" propounds the following riddle : — Q.. Why was it easier to win the cham pion boat race than to lose it ? Adb. Because though it was intricate to win, it I was more in Trickett to lose it. j 