MARKDALE. Tue leov. Mr. Graham, Wesloeyan minister for the Crookwell district, paid us a visit on Friday in company of James Clemenets Ecq. of Crookwell andl hield servnice at Sylvia's Vale. Perhaps you will be sorprised whenb I tell you that tile Rev. Mr. Graham has bcon unable to attend to his duties for the last threo weeks through injuries received by a fall from hlis horseao. It appears hle was about to mount the horse, which was a treacherous one, when it shied and conmmeoced bucking viciously, throwing its rider with great force to the grouud on his head and rendsring him inisensible. Mrs. Graham, like othelr affectionato wives, went to see Mr. Graham istart; but instead of seeing him pleasantly olff, lshe received a severs shlocki to her system wahen she perceived his fall. Mr. Grahanl was carried inside aud renmaiied uncolscious for about twelve hours. With great care he was brought round, nad is now able to resmlne his labours, though at times hlie still sufflers from the effects of his fall. We sympathize wvith MIr. and Mrs. Graham in their late distress. That some believe in ghosts and othllers tile contrary is a fact; but the following story wsill convince these who ridicule the idea of such thinigs cxisting. Thouighl I am far from bi,-ing a. obeliever in spirits, yet at the same time after lhearing on various occasions froim four different persons so much aloit the matter, I am led to think there is some verity in it. 'Tis tre some persons are very sulirstitilos and their imaginatien iscreases in their spiritualistic thoights. The lhauniited house is in Laggan, whricre a spirit in thle form of sa ini apparlently about forty years of age, dresaeh in a guerntssey, old ihat, trousers, aiid a pair of slippers, freqiuently visits at nighlt. IIhe is cstantlyt hleard waltling about the separate complarltmeant of the house and lhas come into the roioms, though the doors were locked, and has been known to spceak to a persion reposing for tile nighlit, remarking, " you are not tile man," and askl:ing for proofs. It was seCen the olther night taking a lhat out of the room and scattoring the clothes about. l'erhlaps some of tihe literary institutions in the city of Goulbiuri will takel up tbhe subject for debate. We have had tile school materials removed from the old buildilng to the new residence until neth time as the school is erectedl oni the new site. It makles it muich nearer for all attending ;the schootl, exxccpt one famiily, whio thinki it no trouble in riding the extra distanie. We have not as yet received a visit from the inspector, though it was rumoured hiere a few months ago that hlie was coiuing. Mr. G. C. Nash, late teacher of our school, is again hers and is about to ospen a school on his own accoiunt near the Crookwell River, hbaing failed in his endeasnours to orgainiss a freet church .in tihe mctrioptolis. He intended to give a lecture oni electro.biology in thl schoollhouse on Queen's Birth night; but it was postponed oni account of someli persons istending to go for a day's pleasure. It was intenlded to come off te foIllowinig Wednesday, but the inclement state of tile veathier preveinted tihe people from atteniding. It is again fixed for Saturday evening. The Rev. Hi. Dunilop hel service hiere to-.day (We'dncsday), havinig arranged withl us on his last visit that he wouild pracah the first Weldnesday in every mouth aiud have the commILion aminiiisteredil altesrnately. His sermon was very impressive anld appreciated Iby the congregation. T'lllough we are greatly scattereld here, yet we can all conme togetheor when thbo word of God is to be lreaclhed. I entirely forgot in mny last to aliologise for the hIarlsh-written words concerning thie Roev. HII. Dlulop not visiting us. I did not know that irse. IDunlop was so dangerously ill, or I would not so deliberately Ihave written anythinlg dleteriorating to her feolings ando injure the repultation of our muchl.esteemed clergy. mnla, lwho since his first colsillg aulonagst us seOslll to be very muchl liked. Since my last the weather ihas hIcen about tihe melo-wsarmn ill the day-tinme and cold and frosty at night. The grass still holds out against thIe front. Our supply this winter will be in excess of whalt we had last season. 