MY IRISH ADVENTURE. A SUBALTERN'S STORY. -4----~---- (NATIONAL MAGAZINE.) I discovered on my arrival that Ballyblanket was only occasionally occupied by a military detachment, and was what is technically called a half billet station, that is, neither barrack nor billet, with the miseries of the one and the discomforts of the other skil fully combined. A dilapidated old building had been hastily prepared for our reception, in one corner of which I was accommo dated with a small kennel that had the door, window, and fire so conveniently situated, that I could open one, shut the other, and poke the third, without stirring from my chair. The men, however, were too glad to get a roof over their heads after their wet march, and soon made themselves tolerably comfortable; and being no feather-bed soldier myself, and a bit of a philosopher to boot, after I had let off my indignation by the Briton's usual safety-valve--a good grumble, which relieved me very much-I deter mined to make the best of a bad busi ness ; and to my surprise, soon found myself becoming jolly under circum stances that even Mr. Mark Tapley would have allowed afforded con siderable opportunities for "coming ont strong." Ballyblanket was not a cheerful place. Situate at the foot of a bleak and desolate mountain, and nearly sur rounded by a vast expanse of black and impenetrable bog, it required no great stretch of imagination to fancy that I had suddenly dropped down into one of those chaotic regions that geologists delight in; and if I had met a me gatherium or other monstrosity wander ing among those gray rocks, or seen a troop of ichthyosauri floundering about in those inky pools, they would only have been fit accompaniments to the thoroughly antediluvian and uncom fortable appearance of the prospect. * There are few buildings in the town that could be dignified with the name of houses, with the exception of the .chapel, the priest's dwelling, and the tumble.down old edifice that formed our temporary barrack. This last had been originally intended for a court house; but justice had been so little appreciated, and so roughly treated by the inhabitants, that she had long since taken her departure, and her temple had fallen into disrepair. The re mainder of the town consisted of a straggling street of miserable hovels, in which a continual battle appeared to be raging between the pigs and the rest of the population, and which I am bound to state, in justice to those sagacious animals, they invariably got the best of. I could not help remarking, that the majority of the human occu pants of these sties consisted of women and children ; and on inquiring into the cause of the absence of the male sex, I was informed that the "boys" were always busily engaged " cutting turf,"- a professional term, I after, wards discovered, for brewing whisky; in which meritorious occupation it soon became my painful duty to interrupt them. It is generally admitted that a certain unmentionable personage has not been treated with justice in the various portraits that have been painted of him, and that he is not by any means of so sable a hue as he has been maliciously represented. In the same way, I dis covered that even Ballyblanket had its advantages, consisting in first-rate shooting and a genial parish-priest; and when not officially engaged in persecuting the unfortunate "turf cutters," I managed-in total oblivion of mess, balls, and steeple-chases, and with an occasional sigh for the girl I left behind me-to pass my days very pleasantly, slaughtering snipe in the bogs, and my nights, with equal enjoy ment, playing chess with Father Patrick. His reverence had taken me under his especial protection. All sorts of unpleasant anathemas were invoked upon the head of any one doing me the slightest injury, and no enraged whisky-manufacturer could take sum mary vengeance upon me for the destruction of his property without incurring certain excommunication and every other disagreeable pain and penalty it was in the power of the jovial Father Patrick to inflict. It was hicky I had such a friend to stand between me and harm, for the " boys" had no cause to bear me any particular good-will. My arrival had been the signal for the commencement of a vigorous crusade against the al fresco distilleries with which the district abounded; and when a still had been marked down, though any thing but a labour of love, I had nothing to do but order out my men, and des troying the implements and capturing the proprietors. For the first two months we were very busy, and requisi tions from the civil power were con tinually turning us out of our beds, as seizures were generally made at night; butat the end of that timebusiness began to get "slack," as the shopkeepers say, and an alarming rise in the price of the condemned spirit showed what havoc we had made among its producers. Numbers had been taken, and their apparatus destroyed ; others had migrated further into the mountains, where gaugers were unknown; and the few that remained conducted their illegal proceedings with such secrecy as to baffle the attempts of the most sharp-scented exciseman to discover their hiding places. One man in par ticular, a Mr. Barney O'Toole,--sup posed to be a deserter from some regi ment, and celebrated all the country round for the superior quality of his brew,-was known to have an establish ment in the neighborhood in full work; and though a large reward was offered for any information leading to the dis covery of a still, the " Old Soldier," as he was called, had hitherto eluded all detection, and continued to supply the population of Ballyblanket, myself among the number, sub rosa of course, with the most delicious mountain-dew that ever gladdened the heart of a lonely subaltern. By the merest accident I becam3 acquainted with the spot where this nectar was distilled. I was strolling one day along a desolate valley, gun in hand, on my way to a spring tenanted by a lively little Jack snipe that had become quite an old acquaintance. I had nearly reached my small preserve, and, with both barrels at full cock, was expecting my invulnerable little friend to get up with a screech, and whifflie off as usual unharmed through a shower of No. 8, when I found my self suddenly enveloped in one of those heavy mists that were continually stalking like ghosts about the country, which soon increased to a drenching rain. I looked in vain for shelter. Not a creature was in sight, and,as far as I knew, I was miles away from any human habitation; so "reversing" my arms, I made my way to a large rock, under the lee of which I crouched, and having lighted my pipe, philosophically made up my mind for a ducking. My thoughts, I suppose, took their colour from the surrounding scenery, and I soon became wrapped in a study of the brownest description. I settled en tirely to my own satisfaction that the colonel was an avaricious old tyrant, and myself a persecuted individual. I speculated as to who had taken my place in the elastic affections of Miss Mackintosh. By an easy transition, my thoughts wandered to Mrs. Brown, my sergeant's wife; and I was deciding whether that invaluable woman would hash or mince the leg of mutton thdt had 'formed my yesterday's dinner, when my ruminations were disturbed by the figure of a man looming throagh the mist, and apparently making for the rock under which I was sitting. He was dressed in a long-tailed grey frieze-coat and hayband gaiters. I could not see his face, for he kept his head down, butting like a ram at the gusts of wind that swept down the valley; and with one hand holding on his apology for a hat and the other grasping a stout blackthorn, he battled his way against the storm till he caught sight of the muzzle of my gun pointing to the centre of his waistcoat. If both charges had been deposited there, he could not have jumped higher than he did. * * "Och, murther I-I'm done for," he exclaimed. "Halloo, what's the matter with you'?" I- said laughing, for I never saw a man so utterly taken aback. "You're not shot yet." At the sound of my voice his alarm seemed to subside, and after scratching his head,-a practice common to Irish men when they .find themselves in a hobble ; the irritation acting, I suppose, as a kind of mental blister, and drawing out an idea,-he said, tugging at a carroty lock that was dripping from his face, and lashing out behind with one of his hay-bandaged legs by way of an obeisance. "Och I is it you, captin ? Im glad to see yer honor looking so well." " You've a queer way of showing it, Barney," I replied ; for by this time I had recognised him as the notorious Mr. O'Toole. "Faith," said he, with a comical look, "I thought it was Misther Ginger (this' was the exercise-officer). I ask yer honor's pardon for takin' you for such a snaking ould varmint; but the rain blinded me." "It's lucky for you rm not," I said. "I expect you're after no good on the mountain, Barney." "I was only takin' a sthroll this fine day," said he, trying to look the charac ter of an innocent stroller, and failing utterly in the attempt. " None of your nonsense," I said, laughing at his ideaof a fine day, and looking about for some trace of the still, which I guessed from his manner was not far distant. "Where's the shop, eh, Barney ?" This question quite upset his assumed composure; and he whined, dreadfully alarmed, "Ah, captin, you wouldn't ruin a poor man that's nothing ilse to depind on." "0, don't be afraid of that," I said; "I'm not on duty to-day." His face brightened directly. "Then, be me sowl, its myself that's right glad to see yer honor ; and won't you walk in out of the rain ?" The offer of shelter was most ex ceptable, as the weather, to use Barney's expression, was getting softer and softer ; but I tried in vain to detect any sign of the habitation he so hos pitably invited me to enter. I could see nothing but the rock I had been sitting under, in a crevice of which there grew some stunted furze-bushes. I was not long kept in ignorance of the entrance to Mr. O'Toole's mountain residence; for having first peered cautiously about,-an unnecessary pro ceeding on his part, as the mist was thicker than ever- he pulled aside the shrubs I had noticed, darted through a low opening they had entirely concealed, and beckoning me to follow, disappeared into a dark passage, from the recesses of which I could hear him shouting, "Mind yer head, captin." This admonition was not unnecessary, as, notwithstanding the greatest caution, that part came several times into severe contact with jagged and unex pected angles of rock, raising bumps unknown to phrenology ; and I had to progress some distance in a swimming position before I emerged into a good sized cavern, smelling unmistakably of whisky. "Yer honor's welcome," said my host, bareheaded and bowing, as soon as I had exchanged my horizontal for a perpendicular position. "Why, you've got quite a snug little parlour here," I said looking ab ,ut. " O, snug enough," said Barney, grinning, "It's little I want, if I'm let alone." "If you could only heighten your passage a little," said I rubbing my head, "it would be more convenient for for your friends." "I don't care much about con vanience, you see, captin. You'll know your way better next time. But sit d',wn, yer honor," said Barney, turning up a suspicious looking tub for my accommodation, "while I bar the door;" and he dived into his tunnel. During the minute or two my host was engaged arranging the shrubbery that formed the chevreux.-de-frise of his little fortress, I discovered that I was in a good-sized cavern, lighted from the top by a hole that answered the double purpose of a window and a chimney. The still was not at work ; but the various implements scattered about, and the almost overpowering odour of pcteen that pervaded the place, left no doubt no my mind as to the unlawful occupation of the proprietor. My con science was not altogether easy at thus becoming an accomplice of Mr. O'Toole's; but I quieted my scruples with the reflection, that it was no part of my duty to discover stills, any more than it was a barrister's to collect evidence, or a physician's to mix medi cine. All I had to do was to adminis ter the coup-de-grace when the excise officers pointed the game, in the same way that a terrier snaps up an unfortu nate rat that the ferrets have frightened out of his hole, or, to use a dignified simile, as the velvet-clad matador gracefully severs the spinal cord of a wretched bull after he has been worried to a stand-still by the squibs and red pocket-hankerchiefs of the light-heeled picadores. "If it wasn't for the smoke being seen," said Barney, on his reappearance, "I'd light a fire, for yer honor must be wet and cowld; but that old thief Ginger is always prowling about the mountains--bad luck to him." "And it wouldn't do," said I laugh ing, "for him to find a king's officer conspiring with such a notorious de frauder of his majesty as yourself, Barney."' "Niver fear, yer honor," said my host, bringing a jug, from a dark corner of the cavern, where he had been engaged in tapping something very like asmall barrel. "And as for being wet,;' I said, "I have been so accustomed to it since I came to Ballyblanket, that I am rather afraid of getting thoroughly dry, for fear I should catch cold." "Here's something that'll prevent yer takin' cowld, yer honor," said Barney, pouring a yellowish fluid from the jog into a cracked teacup. "* If I can't warm yer one way, I can another." And he presented the cup with the grace a duke's butler might envy, and stood watching the expression of my faee as agerly as an artist scans the countenance of a connoisseur examining his picture. "Try that, captin." I did try it; and liked it so much, to Barney's great delight, I tried it again. There is no necessity for me to specify what the jug contained. It is sufficient to say, I found it possessed all the com forting qualities ascribed to it by my entertainer; and I gratefully scknow ledged that, with such a heating-appara tus at his command, a fire became a ridiculous superfluity. At my request, he warmed himself at his portable stove; but he did not seem to care much about it,-I suppose on the [same principle that grocers hate figs, and pastrycooks are not partial to bull's-eyes. For more than an hour I remained Barney's guest, and found him a most agreeable companion. Under the influence of the jug, he became quite confidential. I found that he had been a soldier in his youth, but had purchased his discharge -(I was not rude enough to ask to see the document)-on the death of his father, who had left him his stock in trade-(here he indicated the furniture of the cavern, including the tub on which I was sitting)-and a secret recipe that was a heirloom in his family, and had enabled them to command the best price in the market for many generations. He explained to me all the mysteries of his profession, till I believe I could have brewed some un commonly good whisky myself; and kept me in roars of laughter when he described the various shifts he was occasionally put to in supplying his numerous customers without detec tion. "Well Barney," I said, rising, after the jug had been emptied, and I felt exceedingly warm and comfortable, "by the look of your skylight, the rain must be over; so, with many thanks for your hospitality and shelter, I'll go on with my shooting" " One little drop more, captin," said Barney, going to replenish the jug, "just to steady your aim." " No, thank you; I am as steady as a rock," I replied, stumbling over my tub in a most unaccountable manner. " Hould up, captin, the place is very dark," said Barney, handing me my gun. "Faith, it's myself that's thank ful to yer honor for not being above sittin' down with a poor fellow like me. It's a proud day for Barney O'Toole whin'he recaves a frindly visit from a rale gintleman like yerself." "I sincerly hope, for your sake," I said, "I may never have to make one in an official character, Barney." "Ah, yer honor," said he, "I know yer heart's not in the work." " That may be ; but I have nothing to do but obey orders." "That's true, captin; more's the pity." After he had seen the coast was clear, and asssisted me through his subterranean passage, which appeared more intricate and studded with sharper rocks than before, Mr. O'Toole and myself parted, with the expression of mutual good wishes. " Good-by, Barney, I said, staggering a little, - I suppose at coming so suddenly into the light, - "your secret's quite safe with me." '" Thank yer honor, kindly. I wish yer good sport ; and," said he, as he disappeared into his hole, and dragged the bushes into their place, "my blessings follow you wheriver you go." (To be continued.) 