CHILDREN'S INQUIRY COLUMN. D. R. S.—Will you kindly tell me if the words, " In the midst of life we are in death," can be found in the Bible ? Not in that form. They are in the burial service, and seem to be a summary of such Bible statements as 1 Sam. xx. 3; Job xiv. 1, 2; Psalm ciii. 14—1G; Isa. Ixiv. 6 ; Heb. xiii. 14. Brenda.—What is meant by being " born of water ?" John iii. 5. Does it mean " born of baptism ?" Jesus here speaks of water as the sign of the renewing influences of His Spirit. But lest Nicodemus should suppose that this outward sign was all that was meant, He added that it was necessary that he should be " born of the Spirit" also. Barnes—" To a Jewish ecclesiastic, so famiiiar with the symbolical application of water, in every variety and form of expression, this language was fitted to show that the thing intended was no other than a thorough spiritual purification by the operation of the Holy Ghost. Indeed, this element of water and operation of the Spirit are brought together in a glorious evangelical prediction of Ezekiel xxxvi. 25—27" ("Portable Commentary)." These two explanations will no doubt convince you that the water is only a sign of what is in reality the work of the Holy Ghost. P.M.—How can I know that I am a Christian ? On the strength of Christ's promise. He cannot break His word; and He has promised to receive all who come to Him. Not only so, but His saddest reproach is, " Ye will not come to me, that ye might have life," and to Nicodemus He said, " This is the condemnation that men loved darkness rather than light." We are told elsewhere that" the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord," and " whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely;" and you cannot fail to know if you are a Christian, if you will only honestly ask yourself the question, "Am I willing that Jesus shall save me now ?" The whole Bible is eloquent of Christ's readiness to grant salvation ; the best possible proof that His mercy is offered to you is in such phrases as "the whole world," "all men," "whosoever," and in this, " Christ Jesus came to save sinners." Your need is your claim; His promise the assurance on which you may securely rest as the foundation ot that life of service and to holiness in which nothing " shall be able to separate you from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." . Received with thanks, the New South Wales Independent. All communications in connection with this column should be addressed to me at the Colonist Office, Leighstreet, Adelaide, TIIALIA. CDRTIS. 