HE WANTED TO BE AN ACTOK. A citiun, whose best weight never ex etedt 120 pounds, was the other day buy ing a oouple of hensot a farmer on the market, snd before the bargain was oon cluded, the two became quite tniaily, sad the farninr said he had. something on his mind to communicate. One oi his boys had a passion for theatricals and was de sirous ot becoming an actor. The idea was so strong on him tbat be had beoame wormiest touna we larm, ana toe Ittber was in a pock of trouble to know how to turn the boy's attention trom the footlights to tbe plough -handles. ' 'Spose I send him to you, 'spose you make fun ana ridicule him and let him ace how fooliBh it isP' suggested tbe father, and the citizen agreed. Aa a result of thoir planning Ibe boy waited into the citiceu's place ot business on Cosgress-Btreet east next morning. The father had called him a boy, but be weighed about 100 poundB, stood nearly six teet high, and he had a pair of fcands as large as the ohromo of tbe Yosemite Valley. His arrival wsb ex peoterf, and after a few words about the weather, the citieen queried : ??So you think, you would make an actor, ' 7es, I kinder think bo,' was the reply. ' What line would you take F' ' Well, I kinder like tragedy.' ' i'Kgeil; J Why, yon eonloo't suooMd ia tragedy 1 Look at your bands 1 Iiook at those feet I Remember your voue 1 You'd be hissed off tua Btage. Don't never think ol tragedy.' ?? How would I do in a drama,' asked the boy. ' Hot at all ; in the^irit piano you ears are loo large, Xhea your heels etlsk out too far. Then your hands would hide half tbe other amort, von? try me drams, lor jon will be a dead failure.' ' Ooold I do anything In comedy t' 'Not i thing. The eight of you in comedy wouid be tbe same as the sight of la hearse oa the stage. All the lasleal ex pretJion joa have U ? behind your ears.' ' I've thought tome ot feting a nigger minstrel,' observed the boy, alter a long silence. . '? ? ? ? . 'That's the worst of »1L IteUyou, boy, jou'd better stlok tothe firm. You are not out ont for an actor, and you want to drep .ueldta.' , . ? ' ? . ' Couldn't I act as usberf' ' No, sir ; jou are tod stiff in the knees.' 'Couldn't I take tlokelsP' ' Never 1 Your hands arc toojilg lor that work.' '..... 'OonUn'cIshfttieenesr , ' No. You act) too big and unwieldy.' , There wai a long .and painful ailenoe. Then the boy rose up and said; '. . . . ?'WeU, I'm bound to go into thiatrioals. H 1 oan't be anything else 1'il be the Jailer that atands at tie door to raise a, row, and I'll begin on you I. Come over ' ? herel';. '??.-.? '? ? ?': ?'? -' He hauled tbe sdriier over the table, ?latched him by. tbe . small ot the back, and 'Bpun him .- ftround, slammed ' him - against the wall and dropped iim to get a better hold. . When the curtain, rose on' Ihe next act there was a etriotly private oonversalion going on between Hamlet ' anov toe Ghost, ami the «ho»f t coat was ripped up the t-aok and hit collar torn ' open. Hem Hamlet: suddenly demanded inaioud voloet ? 'Caitiff! do yon declare that I itunot BJitP' Toon, the flhost dodged around »ho table and replied: 'No-Idor»'tl Ton ate all nght— you , are a, tplendld aotor— you can't help but win!' ' Ana you'U teU me father ao t' 'IwiU-youbetlwuIl' *' It you don't ? 1' Hereflamlet tookjthree stept forirard, two bask, aOojlea his jiereett, and^tbj. -ahoet iumpedishina the stove and vowed le'devan pay to ools. tu*. private bourn 4be righto* theAtwr. ''3.1a weUf^atd Hamlet, and he went oraton the market to see it heoonld'aen tiu*e*-eok»o}©nioa«etiloroaah down.— -JMrsHAwAwt. ' '? A kw lUbbed another with a pair ot MlSBora wtntly in Brooklyn. Ills ?!»?«» ingidlSdaS! **''** *«?¥?* W» 