GERMANY. [From our own Correspondent.] Berlin, July 28. Seldom has the city of tbe Bear undergone such visitations of alternate scorching and drenching as those inflicted upon her daring the month which, thank goodness, is rapidly drawing to its close. Tropical has been our temperature— tropical our thunderstorms -especially tropical y ;the furious dowDponra of rain .that hare flooded our cellarage (about one- eighth of Berlin's popu lation lives nndergronnd), caused our grimy river to overflow its banks, and imparted un precedented volume to the malodorous contents of our canals, those sluggishly seething dis seminators of typhoid germs- that traverse the .most fashionable quarters of the German capital, poisoning the air with their foul and deadly exhalations. To stand on one of the bridges crossing these maleficent waterways during a July afternoon, whilst their stagnant slop is being warmed to its very slimiest depths by .the fierce sun-rays, and to contemplate the brown bubbles of mephitic gas bursting in countless thousands all over the surface of that reeking liquid,is to be irresistibly remindedof the witches' caldron in " Macbeth," with its diabolical brew of ogglesome ingredients—bat's blood, lizard's hrain, " juice of toad and oil of adder." Such pluvial torrents—descriptively designated in the German language as " Wolkenbruohe," or cloud-ruptures—as those which have recently descended upon us stir up and vehemently agitate this abominable hell-broth to such dreadful purpose that it is moved to yield up and distribute abroad all its most secret stores of pestilential stenches; and the miserable denizens of the houses lining the banks of these noxious canals are compelled to live through the dogdsy beats with closed windows, lest the Reaper whose name is Death [should steal into their dwellings through same unfastened case ment and smite them down with a touch of his been scythe, distilling miasmatic venom from its point and edge. When Phoebus and Jupiter Plnvius put forth their strength, as of late, in a savage struggle for' atmospheric ascendancy in these latitudes, the wealthier inhabitants of Berlin pack their portmanteaus and trunks " with all convenient speed," and hasten away from the stifling German capital, become a mere fever-trap, to hygeian hills or marine (sanatoria. [Nobody who can help it stays behind to inhale ill odours perforce, and run hourly risks of blood poisoning. As you may imagine, therefore, Berlin at this season of the year is dismally void of all the human elements that, earlier and later lend it social, political, and artistic interest. Diplomacy, native and foreign, is "on leave." The aristocracies of birth, wealth, and intellect are in villeggiatura or travelling abroad. Trade is at a standstill; half the sbopB might jnst as well be shut, for all the business they do; everybody you meet in the simmering streets, save and except the soldiers of tne garrison, looks languid, pallid, and sickly; in short, Berlin, from the special-correspondent point of view, is a howling wilderness, from which the instinct of self- preservation prompts ■ell those who value life, health, and pastime to flee with the utmost promptitude and dispatch. Consequently, in common with all my friends and acquaintances, I turned my back upon it about a fortnight ago, and hnrried over to Eng land in the hope of catching the tail-end of the London season—an unusually late one this year. Town was thinniDg fist when I arrived within its purlieus, but the annual feast of gaieties had not yet quite reached its last course, and there were still some bonnes bouches left in the shape of operatic novelties, garden parties, and bachelor balls, not to mention the mighty piece de resistance still cumbering the politico social board. I mean tbe Parliamentary debates, larded with personalities, and highly spiceo with invective, which exercised such an attrac tion upon me that I forewent numerous pleasaut engagements in order to witness the oratorioal encounters going on well-nigh daily and nightly in St. Stephen's. I could fill twenty of your columns with the experiences of my brief so journ .in " the village" during one of the most interesting episodes of the then fast-waning season, now at its last gasp, for my holiday was crowded with incidents and encounters not altogether unworthy of narration. But con sideration for your space restricts me to a pass ing mention of one or two of the more salient occurrences and stronger impressions that ren dered my visit to England a somewhat memor able one — at least to myself. Your London Correspondent will doubtless have sketched for you the leading features of the last Levee, the Court Concert, that followed hard upon its heels, the Guards' and Bachelors' balls, Lady Cork's " roae-ffite" dansante, the Schools' Match at Lord's, and the Aldeishot Review, to all of which I was fortunate enough to attend, or to be invited; so I will leave these " events" alone, although each and every of them deserve chronicling by an exile of such long standing as myself, to whom they cannot but present them selves under aspects widely different from those they offer to regular habitudsof London society. But the production of Boito's "Mefistofele" before a metropolitan audience composed almost exclusively of the upper classes, being in more than one respect a phenomenal incident, seems to me worthy of your readers' attention. It is, indeed, a sign of the times, and one of no small significance, considered in relation to the eman cipation of thought in the British public, of which it may f&'irly be assumed to be symbolical. Nothing is more eminently calculated to strike an observant Englishman habitually resident abroad and visiting his native country but rarely, than the growth of tolerance iu general London society with respect to advanced or eccentric opinions. Pharisaism is still deeply rooted in British soil, but its super ficial growths, formerly so obtrusively luxuriant, have been so mown and clipped by the shears of science within the last twenty years, and so unmercifully dealt with by the prnning-knives of free-thinking littera teurs that they can ouly be seen here and there cropping up in Bparse tufts—feeble caricatures of their pristine vigour. Who, for instance, would have deemed it possible a couple of decades ago that the lessee of Her Majesty's Theatre would have obtained the Lord High Chamberlain's permission to bring out an opera the first scene of which is laid in the heaven of Christianity—not of Buddhism or Brabminism —the entire action and interest of that scene being centred in a wager between the Deity and the Prince of Darkness respecting the ultimate destination of a doubtful human soul i1 Yet such was the entertainment presented by Colouel Mapleson early in the present month to the wealthy and aristocratic frequenters of his opera-house, and by them greeted with an en thusiastic welcome, expressed in tempests of applause such as I have never before listened to within the walls of an English theatre. Last year, towards the end of June, when, seated by Adelina Patti in her ground- tier box at Oovent Garden, I witnessed the production of Masse nel's " Roi de Lahore," I could not help think ing that we English were getting on apace in the wsy of emancipation from old-fashioned prejudicesand hallowed traditions; for the third act of that extremely remarkable work is also transacted in the celestial regions, its "leading business" being appropriately confided -to the FirBt Person of the Trinity, who promotes human souls to eternal bliss or condemns them to its converse in solemn strain i (to the accom paniment obbligato of four trombones), seated on his throne and surrounded by his angels— cherubim and seraphim—who dance " ballets of rejoicing" whenever a virtuous spirit obtains advancement or a sinner's ghost is bundled off to the infernal regions. True, the Deity thus presented on the boards is a member of the Brahminical, not of the Christian Trinity; but, considering tbat Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva are devoutly worshipped by many millions of British subjects, who hold them to be the only tine gods, it struck me that the lyric stage of our Empire's capital was perhaps hardly the most fitting place whereupon to exhibit even ■the Indian Creator as a dramatic personage "with a song." The role of the Omnipotent was rendered in an admirably dignified manner by wot thy old Oapponi. a veteran " heavy father" with a potent bass voice, excellently suited to the majestic exponence of a mimic divinity's decres; and the surpassing humour of the whole episode consisted in the circumstance that the crowded audience (including several members of the Boyal Family; was obviously unconscious that anything unusual—far less irreverent or blasphemous — was goiDg on, and absolutely insisted upon a repetition of one of the angels' ballets, interrupting a divine recitative for that purpose. If any one present happened to reflect that,after all, there was something a trifle queer in representing heaven other than the Olympian realm freely dealt with jn several modern operettas upon the boards.of Uovent Garden, he or she probably jumped to the conclusion that "an Indian god did not so much nutter, espe cially when set to such pretty music." To me the bass Deity and his capering seraphs seemed to point .unmistakably to the fact that English convictions are far less stubborn than they were in my youth, and that tolerance of trifling with: sacred personages and subjects, whether it be real or affected, is become a fashionable institu tion in the upper classes, at least, of British society. The impression then conveyed to me has been materially strengthened by my recent experience of the reception accorded by (lite London audiences to Signor Boito's " Mefistofele." Nob only was the above-alluded-to bet between God and the Devil,. with all its accessorial intermezzi of archangelic fugal choruses and cherubic comments, in monptone, upon the terms of the wager rapturously applauded and even redemanaed, but Faust's singularly im moral adventures in Greece, to which the fourth act of the opera is devoted, elicited a deafening, clamour of approval from the spectators, as did that singularly dishonourable person's final breach of faith with bis infernal "guide,, philosopher, and friend," which exhibits Faust himself as a psychical swindler, and his august backer as by no means an uncompromising ad vocate of fairplay. No more startling, and at the same time ludicrous, examples of atage< " business" had hitherto met my gaze than when I saw Fanst, upon Mephistopheles claiming the fulfilment of his bond, snatch up a promiscuous Bible (for the presence of which upon his library table there is certainly no warrant in Goethe's tragedy) and hold it up menacingly before tbe very nose of the terror-stricken fiend, who' cowers, shrinks, and shivers, Bubjug&ted; by its uncalled-for interference, and ultimately vanishes through a practicable panel of the' laboratory "set," driven from his legitimate prey by a shower of rose-leaves, rained upon the expiring voluptuary by seraph hands in the flits. This amsziDg anti-climax, however, was not greeted by the audience with shouts oE derisive litughter, according to its intrinsic merit, but with vociferous plaudits, reiterated recalls of the leading actors, and a thundering summons to the composer, who came on between the Devil and Faust whilst the celestial petals were still failing! It should be remembered that this performance took place in one of our two great opera-houses, the lessees of which have been stt&dfastly; prohibited for years past —and still are so—by the Royal censors from, bringing out Rossini's " Moso in Egitto," and Rubinstein's "Maccabaer," on the ground that the snbjects of those glorious operas are borrowed from Scripture—a circumstance con stituting an insurmountable disability as far as their production on the British stage id con cerned. Permission, however, having foeu granted to the enterprising Mapleaon to represent heaven and hell open thb boards of Her Majesty's, surely the day is not far distant when we shall be allowed to contemplate Moses in the full exer cise of moral suasion upon Pharoah by means of ingenious mechanical miracles, got up " regard less cf expense"—or to gloat over the increma tion of the three younger Maccabees, chanting, loud hosannahs on their way to the oven; and the homicidal triumph of Judah over Israel's unprincipled oppressors. Within a few years doubtless the Passion plays at present drawing crowded bouses in the Ober Ammergau will be given at Drury-lane, where they will repair the broken fortunes of gallant Augustus Harris; and " Revelations," deftly travestied into a Christmas pantomime, will furnish delectation to thousands of juveniles at the Alhambra with its " entirely novel effects, gorgeous costumes, and scenery off unprecedented splendour." Another interesting episode of my recent visit to England was a three days' excursion to Brecknockshire, whither I accompanied the queen songstress of the age, Adelina Patti, upon the occasion of her taking formal possession of her latest acquisition, a stately oastle, Light Craig-y-nos, whioh she purchased from Colonel Powell nearly two years ago, and has, during the. interim, fitted up as a country residence with: more than princely magnificence, having from, first to last expended over £'10,000 npon the house, furniture, and grounds. It is, indeed, a noble mansion, built upon a rocky plateau some ninety feet above the bed of the River Towey, which swirls along at the foot of a long series, of verdaBt terraces, turfed on their sloping faces as well as on their flat surfaces, and teems with, toothsome trout, genially compliant to the dex terously thrown fly at early morn or dewy eve. The castle itself consists of a massive corps de loyis,. flanked by two spacious battlemented towers, ami contains tbirtyodd suites of guest- rooms,besides a. large number of splendid reception-rooms, in the equipment and decoration of whioh a famous. London upholsterer has exhausted the resources, of bis craft. The basement of Craig-y-nos has. been encircled on three of its sides by a glitter ing belt of palmbouses, forcing-houqps, and con servatories, affording delightful covered lounges, for the rainy days which occur with such dismal frequency in South Wales. All the cunning: devices of modern landscape and ornamental gardening have been brought to bear upon the extensive grounds surrounding the castle. In short, Crai_g-y-nos is a dwelling in every respect worthy of its gifted and lovely owner, who pro poses to take up her abode in it definitively so soon as she shall have concluded the engage ments she has nndertaken—one of six weeks in Paris at £400 a night, and another of eight months in America, for which she is to receive no lees a remuneration than £10,000 per month, besides all her travelling and maintenance ex penses We were a joyous party of twelve that started from London on the morning of the 19th inst. in a saloon placed at the diva's disposition by an august personage, who was prevented at the eleventh hour from complyiug with her invita tion to join ub by certain duties incident to his exalted station. Baron Alfred de Rothschild had stocked the larder of the saloon with a rechtrche luncheon and a veritable battalion of wine-flasks, most of which were " dead men" by the time we arrived in Swansea, where we weTe to take the road-for a drive through Welsh valleys of two and twenty miles. Ours was a cosmopolitan crew—amoDgst it a Parisian editor, ntterly ignorant of any language but his own, end who complained of a pain iu his inside throughout the journey; a celebrated Italian musical critic, profoundly impressed with a sense cf his own intellectual superiority; to all other created beings; a British colonel of artillery, bluff, joyous, and replete with qnaint humour; _ Ernesto Nicolini, the first of living lyric tenors, and fair Adeline's life-companion; a Dutch millionaire, musical and piscatorial; and_ four or five other celebrities culled from artistic and fashionable circles. At Swansea a cortege of foUrs-in hand, wagonettes, landaus, and pony carriages awaited us—for, including servants and those mysterious nondescripts who are always to be found at tached to the suite of a great prima donna, we numbered some thirty persons of both sexes, all of whom had. to be transported to the Diva's mountain stronghold. About 9 p.m. we came within eight of the castle, the chief approach to which had been adorned with gay flags and arcbeB of evergreen. Troops of children be strewed the road with fresh flowers, as Adelina drove up to the huge portals of Oraig-y-nos, at which she was greeted with feux de pie, and a sonorous but wholly unintelligible address in Welsh verse by the local bard, a whitebearded minstrel just entering upon his 101th year. The csstle itself was brilliantly illuminated, and iu its noble banqueting hall we found most aptly awaiting us a rich repast prepared by the talented chef who laet year quitted Marshal MacMabon's service to enter that of the illus trious oantatrice. Tuesday was devoted to fes tivities of various descriptions, tastefully devised and lavishly carried out, the long programmes of amusements concluding with a display of fireworks, for which crowning performance the Pyrotechnic Manager of the Crystal Palace (Mr, Brock) bad come all the way down to the Swansea Valley on speoial leave, accompanied by a large staff of his most accomplished assis tants. From the whole neighbouring country side hundreds of curioos Cambrians had gathered together to witness this act of the rejoicings, which was brought to an appropriate and delightful close by Madame Patti's unrivalled rendering of " Home, sweet home," with which touching ballad, amidst the frantic cheering of her auditors, she "sang herself in" to her new domain—as she herself said to me, when I took leave of her for the night—" the happiest little woman in the whole principality." 