GOiiNTRY ' CORRESPONDENCE. MUD GEE. (From our Corrcspondent.J \ | HIS LORDSHIP THE EIGHT REV. DR. ' QUMN. On Saturday, the 9th instant, a numerous party went out on tho Sydnoy road a considerable distance to bid- his Lordship a r/nrm welcome. The Hov. J. O'Donovan who had tho day previous Get out for Cunningham's Creek, drovo him into town. A few miloQ from here a grand procession of clooo upon a thousand individuals was formed, com prising a large number of peoplo from town and country. Conspicuous among tho pro cessionists could bo noticed, in gay attiro, tho members of tho Saint Patrick's branch of tho Mudgee Guild, carrying a very handsome banner of Ireland's national saint ; the latoly formed tomporanco oocioty, dioplaying^boautiful Bashes and medals, abiding tokens of thoir plightod ! promise to remain faithful mombora of tho Total Abstinence Society. Upon his Lordship's arrival at Stoddart'o, where the vast concourse of peoplo of ovory grado, varying indeed in sizo from the tiniest urchin toddling along to tho sexagenarian betraying oigns of many a toil-spent day, pro longed cheers burst forth, which were all but reluctantly forced to give way to tho enlivening strains of sweet music discoursed by the Mudgee town band, which led the van to town. The procession marched down Lewis-street, Market-street, and turning down Church-street tormed a line to allow the Bishop to pass through. After the usual ceremonies prescribed by the Roman ritual were gone through, Mr. Alderman Ahoarn read an address from the Catholics of Mudgee, congratulating the Bishop upon his recovery from his recent severe illness, and also expressing sympathy with him in his efforts to promote the cause of Catholic education in Now South Wales. Tho address concluded by thank ing the Bishop for again coming to the town, and asking his blessing for themselves and their families. In reply to the address and one couched in similar language, and read by the Warden of the Guild — Mr. Meallj, his Lordship in effect said : Ho thanked them from the bottom of his heart for the grand reception they had given him, and for the sympathy bo heartily given and 80 well expressed for his efforts, in conjunction with tho Archbishop; and other Bishops of the Province, in.) he glorious cause of the education of tho youth of the colony. ' When it was deter mined to apeak oh the question, the Bishops agreed to speak op- rly and without any reserve. They wished to accomplish two things — first and principally, tho removal of all Catholic children from Public schools, where practicable ; and Becondly, to awaken in the minds of tho Catholic parents of Now South Wales the necessity of providing schools and all other necessary appli ances for giving their children a Catholic educa tion. Tho result ha3 been all they could desire. Tho peoplo havo responded nobly to the call of their Bishops, and have shown their determina tion to realise thoir desires. A very lame argu ment used by their opponents was that the Catholics, if loft to themselves, would not follow tho programme set forth in the Pastoral. Tho best refutation of that was tho erection of suitable buildings for the purpose of religion and education all over the colony, and erected and paid for by the people of their own accord, and totally unaided by the Government. In this view your magnificant Mudgee Convent shows hov/ deeply you are imbued with this idea, and that, too, in the face of a heavy debt upon your splendid Church. When other neces sary buildings will have been erected wherever requiredin the dioeose, thus placing Catholics in a position to perfect their system of -education by tho appointment of examiners, inspectors, and local and general Boards, the irresistible logic of facts would bo so strong that it would bo no longer politic or wise for the Parliament of the country to refuse to grant to Roman Catholics their fair share of the appropiation fund for educational purposes. It would riot be in the naturo of events for an enlightened community to refuse to recognise their usefulness by subsidising their schools. Tin; Bishop concluded by wishing them all happiness and prosperity On Sunday his Lordship administered the Sacra ment of Confirmation to 115 persons. Previous to the conferring o[ the Sacrament the candidates were addressed at considerable length upon the dispositions necessary for its reception, at the same timo pointing out in clear, forcible language ita institution by our Lord aa a divine ordinance that conveyed to tho properly-disposed a forti fying grace that strengthened their souls against the enemies of their faith, and imprinted a cha racter which could not bo effaced. The ceremony having been finished, his Lordship again ad dressed the confirmed and their parents in still stronger and more impressive language as to their respective duties and obligations in the future. Parents wore warned of the dangerous occasions of sin, which but too frequently led the captive into tho slavery of deadly guilt, and were commanded upon tho peril of their lives to give those children that wore thus handed over to them, replenished with the manifold gifts of tho Holy Ghost, bucIi example as would tend to make them co-operate with tho graces receivod, and pure faithful servants of Him in whom dwelleth all the fulness of tho Spirit, that, timo shedding forth the odour of holiness, they might edify all with whom they came in contact during the term of their natural lives. Tho dangers of the so-called modern progress, so readily caught up by parents and manifested by them in tho licenso allowed their children in the tho extravagances of the ago, were ably descanted upon. On the Monday following, his Lordship, ac companied by tho Bov. J. O'Donovan, visited the Catholic schools, and expressed his admiration at the completeness of the building, tho classification of pupils, and neatness of the playground. His IiOrdehip'e visit will bo long remembered as one of great joy and gladness to tho Catholics of the district, as well ao to those of other denominations who have been generous enough to greet his Lordship and wish him many years of happiness and prosperity. His Lordship leaves Mudgeo on Friday for Gulgong, whore tho Sacrament of Confirmation will bo administered on Sunday nest, 15th in stant. 