THE MERCURY. MONDAY MOHN INO, NOV. 8, 1880. Now that tho Session of Parliament is over, it behoves the peoplo to see that what the Legis- lature resolved on bo properly carried out. Ere the Seaion commenced the ono purpose which many sought from its deliberations was a large and well distributed scheme of publio works. Public expectation was in this respect extreme and over demanding ; and considering what havoc was mode with the Ministerial scheme, great disappointment has unquestionably been caused. But that ÍB no reason why the people should sit down in apathy or despair. If half the interest had been taken in seeing that Government works wore properly carried out that has been displayed in urging claims on the consideration of Parliament, the Colony would have had much more to show for its money than it now has. Thero would have been no room for the exposures which correspon- dents have made in our columns. Tho Grand Vider who presides at the Public Works omeo would have exercised more discretion in tho acceptance of tenders ; more discrimination in judging the capacity und reliability of thoso entrustod with the duty of seeing that tenderers do not "slum" their work. While tenderers would not, even could they have trusted to the won't Bee-anything- wrong supervision of overseers and inspectors, have dared to substitute mudstono for bluestone metal, and Select Committees would not have stultified themselves by damn- ing with faint praise the management of a de- partment they would have fain whitewashed if thoy could. The Huon has, for public works, considerably added to the debt of the Colony, and what has it to show for it ? And why is this? Our answer affects not the present MINISTER OF LANDS moro than it does his predecessors. All are equally responsible for the fact that public money has boon literally and liber- ally squandered. Thero was a want of offioial supervision and tho peoplo lookod on with indifference. What took place at the Huon took place elsewhere. We specially refer to it because its capacity for swallowing has been excep- tionally groat, and it has proportionately less to show forstho money than has any other district. Judging from recent experiences, the Huon is likely to have a formidable rival in the North- west Coast, where, indeed, may be seen almost " end on," a pioce of admirable work in road making and a piece where no interest seems to have been considered but that of the not too scrupulous contractor. Some of the recently constructed works beyond the Money Rivor are a disgrace to all concornod, and will have to be ro-dono oro the purpose of a fairly passable road is attained. Wo mako this complaint, not in tho exorciso of an Englishman's constitutional privilege to growl, but os a warning and lesson from which, in tho oxpondituro sanctioned last Session, the Colony may derivo advantage. The labours of the late Public Works Committee have not rehabilitated that dopartment in public estimation. Wo are unoharitable enough to ad hero to our formerly ezprossed opinion that, whilo no charge of corruption or connivanco at wrong can be laid against the Minister personally, and though there are under him honest and well intentioned heads of departments and officers, thero underlies a substratum of incompetenoy and malpractices whioh paralyses the best efforts of the conscientious officers of the dopartment, and which makes itself felt outside the office work, and against whioh the Colony need look for no protection so long as the present loose rein is held, and those whose duty it is cannot, or will not, see wrongs whioh are matters of publio talk. From such a system of superficial super- vision we must appeal to the people who live in' the localities in whioh expenditure hat been authorised. A watchful eye on their part would make itself Mt throughout the whole Public Works department, and if this jealous watch continues to bo neglected now as it has been in times post, the result will bo now as then-jobbery, incapacity, and corruption ; for the enquiry of the late Select Committee has not altered the nature of the department, and its head ¡3 su uasily satisfied time he can see nothing wrong. Wo aro vaia enough to beliovo that if a bettor system is to bo introduced, it will be duo to tho joint agency of the Press and of the people. If they "keep their weather eyo open," the £70,000 authorised last Sessiontobeexponded on public works will produco hotter and moro lasting results than twico that sum of public money has in tho post given the Colony in value in the shape of public works. Some- thing like a Vigilance Committee in each dis- trict where public works aro authorised might be regarded as a reflection on the Public Works department. But will any Minister who has been at tho head of that department-whatorcr justification ho may put forth for his own tenure of omeo-deny that the management of other Min- isters would thus have been made more efficient. At any rate there is a deep-rooted conviction that the Public Works department has been tried and found wanting. Thero is also to bo dealt with the unpleasant fact that tho present Minister is so well satisfied with all about him and under him, that ho will introduce no chango or reform unless forced on him from without. In this dilemma one of two alternatives is open-either the wasteful ex- travagance, incompetency, and corruption of the past are to be repeated with the approval of the people, or they must arouse themselves and supplement the surveillance which may be wanting on the part of tho officials. The Huon has not had allotted to it its usual share in tho public works sanctioned during last Session, but in the little to be there done, we think that, thanks to tho terror which " Spike- nail" and " Sledge-hammer" ,have caused iu tho official mind, contractors who tender for works in that division of the Colony will send in their tenders in the consciousness that they will have to fairly and honestly carry out their contracts, and that reliance must not be placed in the connivance of any public officer. We venturo to say that the terms of specifications will not, after a tendor has been accepted, be altered to suit tho con- venience of a contractor. A chango in that respect alone will remove ono fruitful causo of wrong. If tho same watchful caro that may bu depended on in the Huon wero sura between Deloraine and Circular Head, and in tho East Coast districts, the public would for onco get value for their money, and it shall bo our part to endeavour to bring about this desirablo result. _ INTERCOLONIAL FILES.-The s.s. Mangans, which arrived at Launceston on Saturday from Melbourne, brought the following files of intercolonial pspors : -Victoria, 4th and 6th inst.; New South Wales, 2nd and 3rd inst.; South Australia, 1st and 2nd inst.; and Queensland, 30th ult. THE GIRLS' INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.-His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Lefroy, visited the Girls' Industrial School, Davey-street, on Saturday, and were received by Archdeacon Davenport, Mrs. Davenport, and some of the members of the ladies' committee. The institution was thoroughly inspected by His Excellency mid Lady Lefroy, who expressed themselves highly pleased with the order and management of tho institution, and the appearance of tho children. Lady Lefroy has signified her wish to becomo patroness of the institution. THE PREMIER.-As we announced some days ago» the Hon. William R. Giblin leaves by this morn- ing's train to catch tho steamor Mangana, by which he proceeds on a visit to Molbourno, whero he will probably remain for a couplo of weeks. It will bo remembered that when Mr. Giblin was last in Mel- bourne, the political turmoil, then at its height, prevented him from having that practical com- munication with Ministers and heads of depart- ments which he desired on telegraph and other intercolonial matters. He will doubtless now take up the lost threads of his négociations ; and, as Melbourne now "swarms" with Ministers from the other colonies, we shall not be surprised if Mr, Giblin takes part in moro than one impromptu conference. TASMANIANS ABROAD.-The Argus of Thursday last says that, at the sitting of the Legislative Assembly on the previous day, "On the motion of Mr. Vale, a chair was placed on the floor of the House for Dr. Agnew, a Minister of the Crown in Tasmania." The same paper states on the previous day that amongst the officers present at the ordinary periodical social gathering of the officers of the Volunteer Force, held at the Barracks, St. Kilda road, amongst the visitors were Major Crowther, Lieutenant Burgess, and Captain Green, of the Tasmanian Artillery. CITY COUNCIL.- The City Council meet this after- noon, at 4 o'clock. The following is the business for consideration, besides subjects that may require prompt attention during the sitting :-Reports from the various committees, as follows, viz.-Water- works : Ou Mr. Gordon's professional opinion with respeot to stone troughing ; on letter from Mr. Christopherson ditto ditto. Public Works : On applications from the undermentioned persons for permission to erect verandahs, viz., W. Adcock, C. E. Knight, S. A. Reid, and J. Batt ; on letter from Mr. J. Gellie, requesting repairs to guttering in Elizabeth- street. Health : On complaint of Mr. P. J. Sinclair as to nuisance at Mr. Bex's premises, in Patrick-street. Director of Waterworks : On letters from Messrs. John Clark and William Cundy, referred to that officer for explanation. GLENORCHY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.-The monthly meeting of this Council was hold on Saturday after- noon. Present : The Warden (Mr. W. Murray), and all the councillors except Mr. Bilton, for whoso absenco an apology was tendered. The Warden re- ported that, in accordance with a resolution passed at the previous meeting of the Council, respecting the question of the power of the Council to increase the salary of the Superintendent of Police at any othor period than at the beginning of the municipal yoar, ho had been in communication with ' tho law officers of the Crown. A reply had been received from the Solicitor- General, to the effect that the Council had the power to inorcase the remuneration of a police officer at any period of the year. The salary abstract for the mouth of October, amounting to £59 Gi. 8d., and also a supplementary abstraot for the months of September and Octobor, amount- ing to £4 3s. 4d. (beiug tho extra pay of the Super- intendent of Police, at the increased rate decided upon at a special meeting held in September, and withheld pending the receipt of the opinion already mentioned), were passed for payment, together with soveral accounts. One of the councillors having brought under notice tho Bubjoct of cattle straying on the roads, the Warden promisod to tako steps with a view to the abatement of the practice It was resolved to take proceedings against do faulting ratepayers. Attention was direoted to tho list of defaulters, whioh was found to contain the Darno of a ratepayer who had stated that ho held a recoipt for the current year. An examination of the books was made, when it was found that the money had been Eaid to the Counoil Clerk, and duly accounted for y him to the Treasurer, who hsd in the usual course paid the money into the bank to the credit of the Council. Mr. Bellette expressed bis regret that he had neglected to Btrike the namo of the rate- payer in question out of the list of defaulters. In referring to the oversight of the Clerk in dealing with that payment, the Warden said ho was glad to be able to state that Mr. Bellette had boon most faithful in the performance of his duties, and that was, so far as he was aware, tho only case of re I miBsnees which had arisen for some time past. CITY POLICE COURT.-The Police Magistrate pre- sided at the City Police Court on Saturday morning. Charles Davis, an old man, waa brought up charged with vagrancy, and was ordored to bo sent to tho Invalid Depot. John Henry Gordon, for disturbiug the pcaoe in the public strcot, was fined 10s. Gd.; and Louisa Guilt, a moro frequent offender, was, for a similar offence, fined twice that amount. Thomas Brown and Heury Knight wore each ordered to psy 10s. Gd., for using obsceno language in public; and James Ford, a noto- riously bad cbaraoter, in whose company they were, and who participated in the offence, was fined 20s. Gd. The usual alternative torm of imprison- ment, in proportion to tho amount of the line im- posed, was ordered in eaoh instance DEATH IN TITE GAOL.-A prisoner named George Allen, a native of the colony, 37 yoars of ago, who desoribed himself as being utterly friendless, died at the Campbell-street gaol vory Buddonly on Saturday morning. From enquiries we lesrn that Allen was sentenced on Monday last by the Bench at Green Ponds to three months' imprisonment, as an idle and disorderly portion. He was kept in tho watchhouso there uutil Wednesday, the regular escort dey, when he was sent to town in a cart. When received he was found to be in a very low condition, suffering from inflammation of the langs, end muoh more fit for the hospital than the geo). He was put to bed in the ward, and Dr. Tnrnley at once attended on him, and afterwards saw him morning and night. Every proper care seems to have been shown to deooased, but he expired shortly after 11 o'clook on Saturday morning, very sud- denly, and alone. An enquiry will be held into the matter to-day, before the Coroner, Mr. W, Tarleton, so for the present we shall content ourselves with sayug thai the oses oertaialy seems one requiring sjxplajisjliott, THE BASUIO WAR -In The Meran y of Monday last » L (.an. the following telegram by Reuter as we recen ed it- ' Pondos nseu hundred two magis tiatcs Carrington taken Lothorodis village"-simply stating in explanation of it generally that the Pondos were a South African tribe of Kaffirs, war- like in na mc, ind thit tho disturbances pointed to ni oui t Icyims published on tho prewous day were e\ id i 11 j referred to by Reutci m this mesado Its amliim Hy forbad us doing more than this u ith an) certa nt\ and on enquiry at bead quarters of Reuter in Mdoouruo wo leam that tho nord "kuodrul should have boon "murdorul" Wo luve on succeeding days given other telcgrimB Vi hieb ha\a explained tho enigma, but this explain tion is necc s iry to set ourselves n0ht « ith the public A SurrosKD SHIPWRECK.- A tolegram to the Argus from Adelaide on Thursday last stated that Mr. Robort Wallace, a resident of Port Elliot had, while walking along the Middleton boacb, dis- covered a quantity of wreckage. Towards the Murray month, the beach was strown with ship's timber apparently freshly broken, suggesting a recent disaster. He also noticed part of a figure- head and a portion at a boat. Trooper Bruce started to examine the wrecknge, and Mr. Wallace stated that lia took a copy of the following off one of some daik- painted timbers, namely, "W. J. lfowgaudy." From tho general appearance of some of the wreckage, the telegram goes on to say, ho thinks a portion of the deckhouse and tho majority of tlie other timber aro American. The bulk is of Bawu deal, varying from threo-quartcrs of an inch to an inch thick, and from one to four inches thick. There is nno heavy block 42ft. long and about 18in. thick. It is thought by some that the wreckage is portion of tho Prima Donna, which left Lacepede Bay for Port Adelaide about two months ago, and has not since been heard of; but Mr. Wallace thinks this not at all likely, as the Prima Donna was only about 65 tons register, and would not bo carrying such timbers. Mr. W. Phillips, public teacher, states that he was walking on Middloton beach last Sunday, when he found a few light pieces of boat or ship timber, and a broken thwart. He also saw two hats, one light straw, the other a black shiny hat, similar to those worn by seamen sometimes. llEsauED PROM DROWNINO. - A man named Michael Macguire, residing in Goulburn-strcot, whilst under the influence of liquor, walked off the Elizabeth-street pier into the river, between 11 and 12 o'clock on Saturday night. Captain Condon, who lives on the T.S.N. Co's. hulk, heard the splash, and afterwards a cry for help. Ho was in bed, but immediately arose and went to the man's assistance. With the aid of a piece of quartering, Mr. Condon kept the mau above water until Con- stable Oakes, who had in the meantimo reached the place, procured a boat and hauled him into it. Macguire was then conveyed to the General Hospital, where he was attended to by Dr. Holden. After remaining in the institution for a few hours, he left for his own home. This is the fourth time that Captain Condon has, by his prompt actions, rescued from drowning individuals who had fallen off the wharf into tho water. ANOTHER GHOST SCARE.-The neighbourhood of Trinity Church is now every night the rendezvous for a number of people, who profess to be in soarch of a ghost, or au imitator of one, and who hang about in groups, discussing the probabilities of such an apparition making itself visible. The rumour seems to bo that about a fortnight ago several {isrsons passing by the burying ground were startled >y the sudden appearance of a tall, white figuro. What kind of figuro it was is wrapped in a good deal of obscurity, as those who acknowledge to having been favoured with a view of his ghostship also confess that they at once took to their heels and left bim in possession of the field, and also of anything tiley dropped in their terror. A crowd, however, is more courageous, and if the ghost has tho spirit to appear before those who now await him the tables will probably be turned, for his reception H ould bo warm one. There would be a good deal of shrieking no doubt from the ladies, but there aro one or two stout hearts (with big sticks) who ex- press an intention of seeing what is in the spectre's skull, while one or two foolish warriors hint at fire- arms concealed about their person, with which tboy will try his impenetrability. There is little fear, however, of any appearance while the entertainers are so numerous. The personator of these ghosts is usually either a fool who amuscB himself at the terror of his dupes, or a cowardly knave who makes use of that terror to his own advantage. Ho will not appear again until the excitement is over, and then the best thing would bo a planned ambuscade and a pair of handcuffs to bring bim to his senses. PUBLICATIONS.- The Australian for November contains the continuation of the "Recollections of a Sydney Playgoer," in which this time there arc Borne weighty remarks on the relations of the Press to theatrical managements.-Tho Australasian Sketelier has returned to Kellyism, and give as a frontispiece a sketch of the trial of the bushranger. Racing and exhibitions otherwise prevail in the illustrations. THE VICTORIAN REVIEW,-The November number of the Victorian Review is less ecclesiastical than usual, and is on the whole very interesting. Mr. E. P. Field's " Idealism in a practical aspect" is somewhat vague ; and Mr. Bennett writing on " Schools of Agriculture," quotes China as being the master of economical farming. Tho suggested Baconian authorship of Sbakspeare's plays is treated very ably by R. C. C; and Mr. John Warde, taking a different view to most writers on tho action of the Supremo Court Bench in tho late Evening News contempt caso, defends tho Judges, and warns the Press in a very plain way. 'The Rev. W. A. Fitchett, B.A., a Wesloyan minister at Sandhurst, contributes a very caustic artiole under the ' title of the " Gospel of Dirt," in reply to Mr. Topp's criticism on a former article of his in answer to Air. Topp. Mr. Fitchett's paper is a very readable one. The opening half is amusingly satirical, and contains tho expression of opinion that though Mr. Topp may not bo convinced, and though the gap mode in his theory may not, to quote Mercutio, havo boen " as deep as a well, nor so wide as a church door," still Mr. Fitchett thinks it was onough to do its business. The last half of the paper is an eloquent repudiation of Mr. Topp's theory, which Mr. Fitchett stigmatises in his title by tho name which Carlyle, with more point than politeness, applied to it a few years since. Mr. James F. Bogan, of Geelong, argues in a short paper on " The Coming Australian" that the threo main characteristics of the natives of the colonios an inordinate love of field sports, a very decided disinclination to recognise authority, and a grievous dislike to mental effort-will appear in aggravated form 20 years hence. There are some excellent "Notes from Fiji," dated from Lovuka, which in their course explain the difficult position occupied by Sir Arthur Gordon. Mr. James Smith writes of tho laws of health, under the title "Nature's Scavengers ;" and Professor Strong gives a criticism on modern methods of teaching ancient subjects, a matter on which he ¡B well qualified to advise. The other articles aro quite up to the ordinary standard. AMALGAMATION OF Two CnunonES.-In accord- ance with the determination recently arrived at by the Presbyterian Synod and the arrangements sub- sequently made at a meetiug of the Presbytery of Hobart, the congregations of St. John's and St. Andrew's woro yesterday amalgamated, and wor- shipped together for the first timo in St. Andrew's Cliurch, Bathurst-street. The morning service was conductod by the Rev. James Scott (minister of St. John's, Maoquario-streor, and Moderator of the Presbytery of Hobart), who delivered a timely sermon on Psalm Ixxxvii, 2-" The Lord loveth the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob." At the conclusion of the sorvico tho proacher read tho minutes of tho special mooting of the Presbytery of Hobart oalled in reference to the amalgamation of the two churches, and announced that the service that morning had boen hold in ao oordanco with tho decision of such Presbytory. A statement was also made respecting future sorvices and tho means to bo adopted for securing Beats, which woro suoh that priority would be given to applicants who were formerly members of St. Andrew's Church. The evening service was con- ducted by the Rev. J. A. Stuart, who has recently arrived from Wagga Wagga, N.S. W, GOOD TEMFLAUY.-At the usual weekly mooting of the Red Cross Knights Lodge, No. 47, I.O.G.T., held at tho Lodge-room, Working Men's Club, on Thursday evening last, the following officers wero installed for the present quarter :-W.C.T., Bro. H. Walpole; W.V.T., Sister L.Taylor; W.C., Bro. Geo. Wilson, jua.; W.T., Bro. Wm. Mcintosh ; W.A.S., Sister Emily Aspinall ; W.F.S., Bro. C. Jack; W.S., Sister E. Chandler; W.M., Bro. G. F. Gates; W.D.M., Sister E. Burrowos; W.I.G., Bro. T. Taylor; W.O.G., Bro. F. Osborne ; R.H.S., Sister S. Carr; L.H.S., Sister A. Watson. Bro. J. Taylor is P.W.O.T. About 70 members are in good standing on the books, and tho lodgo gouorally is in n. vnrv nrosnerous condition. SIMONSËN'S OrERA Co.-Great intcrcßt ia boing taken by thoso of our residents who appreciate tho grand musió of those exquisite composers-Donni zotti, ,Uellini, Verdi, Flotow, Balfe, and Vincent Walluoo, combiucd with good aoting and scenic eflaats, in the early appearance of this exceptionally ¡argo and talented company. Til o expense attend- ing an enterprise of this sort is so great as almost to dotor tho most enterprising from attempting it, and consequently opportunities of hearing tho works of these groat m asters, perfectly rendered, and with full stago cficots, must be " like angels' visits, few and far botween." Great credit ÍB duo to Mr. Simonson for his spirit, and wo feel sure that our musical and theatre-going public will do their best to support him. Miss FREDERICA MITCHELL,-This young lady, whoso oliarming singing at our Town Hall somo timo since will not be forgotten by musical people, has lately been gainiug laurols in Now Zealand, whoro a Dunedin journal, writing of lier, says : Miss Frederica Mitchell, who firmly established herself a great favourito on tho occasion of her re- cent debut before a Dunedin audience, kindly gave her services. The first number allotted to Miss Mitohell was Meyerbeer's popular song, " Robert toi qui j'aime," whioh she rendered with charming taste and expression. This lady sings without any apparent effort, and the manner in whioh she attacks and sustains the various notes in her well-trained voice, could be studied with profit by the majority of our amateurs. In ac- knowledging the ovation whioh followed her, selection, Miss Mitohell gave en artlstio ren- dering of "The Two Worlds." However, her einging of tho ballad, " Triod aud True, " was most enthusiastically applauded. It was com- posed oxpreBsly for hor by Herr Golinick, and sho sang it with suoh pathos and sweetness that had the composer been present he would no doubt have acknowledged that justice had been dono to his work. Tho merits of Miss Mitchell's rendition wera cordially recognised by tho audience, and in response to tho iuevitablo oncoro, she sang " lionnio Bweet Bessie," which was faultlessly troatod, and well received. IÎACIN'O NOTES.-From tho Melbourne papers we noto that on the third day of I he V.R C. Meeting, Mr. A. Kearnoy's b ni Cinezou competed in the Hurdle Race, ridden by Bowe, and carrying 9st. 131b., securing sixth placa at the finish. THE AUSTKALIAN ELEVEN.-From lottors re- ceived by Messrs. Boylo and Scott by the mail (saya tho Argus) it is ascertained that the Aus- tralian Eleven will land at Adelaide on the 14th November. A match will bo played at Adelaide, and auother at Mount Gambier ; the Eleven will then proceed overland to Melbourne, ariiving hero about December 1. When tho mail left, tho team woro completely knocked up, having travolled 1,700 miles and played every day for ten days. DiFri RPNT Wvii OF Doiso ir -rrom our files of tho Ai jin rccoivod on Saturday evening wa learn that o payablo goldfield lias been found 15 miles up tho Jamieson Ri\er nud it is aided that there are already Borne 30 miners on the grouud most of whom are BO satisfied with the prospect of gold obtained that thoy have hurried back to bo down to register their claims One miner stated that he got nearly half an ounce of (,old to tho dish , others are gutting gold in half pennyweight and pennyweight peioea Other details aro given, but in tho following is i moral which Tasmania may well draw Tho correspondent of tho Al gus writes -" Great haroships aro experienced in con veymg provisions over a mountain knowu as the Devil s Hip, which must at present bo crossed to get to tho creek Soino £50 or £100 would cut a track round it I understand that the members of the Howqua Shire have proceeded to Melbourne to apply for a small amount to carry out tho work, and when done no doubt a largo number of miners will soon be on the ground and tho country (over 60 milos) thoroughly prospected In Victoria a thoroughfare will be opeued up within a few days of tho discovery, in tho hope of inducing a largo number of minera to try their luck In Tasmania wo have had for years a Duvil s Hip on tho way to the West Coast, unsurmountod Will tho Minister of Lands take example from Victorian promptitude THE KELLY L\ECUTION - A meeting of the Executive Council was held on Wednesday last to deal with the case of the condemned man Edward Kelly Mr Tustice Barry n ho tnod tho case, was in attendance It was decided that tho law should tako its course Tho govornor of the Melbourne gaol, Mr Castieau, on receiving official intimation of the decision, and fixing the execution of Edward Kelly for tho 11 th inst ( 1 hursday next) com munica tod the intelligence at once to the condemned man Ke Iy made no reply beyond remarking that it was "avery short notice," and assumed a Bullen de meanour During yoBterday Kelly prepared a history of his case, which was forwarded to the Chief Secretary by Mr Castieau Tho Rev Donn Donoghue visited tho prisoner during the day By our telegrams it will bo seen that an agitation is being fomented to get a reprieve, but it is not likely that any respite will be given THE CHARGE AtuiNsr THE SANDHURST POST MASTER -A painful sensation was caused through out Sandhurst on Thursday last (says the Bendiqo Independent) when it beoamo known that Mr G W B Vibert, for so many years post and telegraph master of Sandhurst, had been arrested and brought np at the Police Court ou i charge of stealing money, the property of the Crown It appeared that small sums of money have been missed from the drawer in which tho petty cash is kept by Mr E Blackham, ono of tho sorters, from the sale of stamps Mr Blaokhain, it is stated, has been put to great inconvenience and loss thereby, having to make up the cash equal to the amount of stamps sold during each day, tho whole responsibility rest ing with that official Besides this tho mental anxiety he has suffered will be readily understood He made every effort to bring the offender to light, but up to the present time, not tho slightest clue was obtainable Lea/oof absence was granted to Mr Vibert aomo weeks ago, preparatory to his being superannuated, Mr Bollock taking his posi tion temporarily However, Mr Vibert romaiued about the post office, and went lnaudoutwhenevcrho thought fit It was deemed advisable amongst the sorters in tho post ollico to give tho matter a search ing enquiry, and upon a consultation being held with Mr Holloelc, it was decided to writo to tho deputy postmastor general, informing him of tho frequent occurrences, and requesting action to be taken Iho department accordingly ga\o Detective Lonax orders to procoed to Sandhurst, and to thoroughly investigate tho affair On Mon day previous to the capture tho detective com nionced his work by placing marked money (specially provided for such purposes by tho authorities) in the Btamp cash drawer along with the ordinary silver Ibis course was regularly pursued until Thursday morning when the detective accreted himself in the post ofiico at an early hour, and about eight o'clock obserx ed Mr Vibert enter tho office by the door leading from his private quarters Ho opened the stamp drawer, with a key ho had in his possession Detective Lomax axera he saw Mr Vibort take the money from tho till He immediately arrcBtcd lum, and Detcctn oHartney being Bent for m the meantime, Mr Vibert was taken to the lockup in Market square, but was soon afterwards bailed out by Messrs Jeremiah Hefforuan and James Stewart Before his release however, Detectives Lomax and Hartney searched Mr Vibert's private quarters in older, if possible, to find any of tho marked money that had been placod in, and lost from, tho stamp drawer, regularly since Monday last They wera success ful ia finding several marked shillings, half crowns, etc , in Mr Vibert s private cabinet Mr Vibei t has since been committed for ti lal , Mr W Brown, who appeared for him, saying that ¡io would resorve his case, as he knew the Bench would commit his client, and ho was certain when the proper timo arrived his client would bo able to clear himself of the oharge MEAT REFRIGERATION-Iho establishment of a refrigerating chamber on board tho steamship Onent obviated the necessity of earning live stock to supply the wants of the passengcis on the vojago between England and Australia, and for tho first time that vessel started on the ti lp to England with a full Bupply of killed meat 1 bo order was given to Mr Alderman Playfair, and tho resources of Ins establishment wcro such that, notwithstanding tho fact that ho had onlv three availublo days in which to procure tho necessary supphcB, not an bout s delav occurred and everything was placed on board tho Orient the evening beforo her departure The supplies included no less than 30 0001b of moat (comprising beef, mutton, lamb, veal, sausages,etc ), 700 head of poultry, plucked and trussed, and 4501b of fish The fish nero specially selected by Mr Seymour, the auctioneer of tho Fish Market, the cattle were White's , the sheep were Warrah fed, and averaged COlb , and the poultry woro procured by Mr B Ireland, of the Central Markets Iho Orient left with, it is calculated sufficient supplies to meet all requirements for a fortnight after her at rival in London TRURO 0\STDR TisncRY -Since the Truro Cor poration obtained au order three yetas ae,o for tho protection of this fishery and enforced a aloso season, tho marease lu the yield has benn extraordinary Last week the season was opened by 141 licensed dredging boats, against 73 last year, acd the takes during the week havo boen so abundant that many of thohandB, Borne of whom arc jouthsof 17 or l8 earned £1 per day each lho^luat uieiciso in tho yield is nccounted for not only by tho closo season, but by tho fact of the lishory hawng been entirely closed for ouc year - J mm, Septembor, 1 î, 1SS0 THE SMKLLS oi PARIS-lho Hivas Agi ney has published a ni te on tho smells of Pai is, » hieh havo been for moro thau a month past unusually Btrong In this noto it is stated that tho ernella havo emu cided with the prevalence of nuki winds from the north and north east, winch hat o been continually bunging into Paris air infected by tho foul vapours given off by factories in the north cast quarters of Paris Some effect, too, must havo boon produced by tho boat on the exhalations of tho 80,000 cess pools in Puns Tho Havas noto Bays tho mumu pahty has docided on making tho experiment of I rendering tho cesspools unnecessary through mi provod sewerage It is to be hoped the oxpciimeut will bo attonded with success Tho Volunteer Force will be inspected this ovenlng, in the Queen's Lomani. The Regimental Orders appear in our advertising columns. The adjourned annual general meeting of menibois of the Orchestral Union, for the revision of rules and eleotion of officers, will bo bold at the Freemasons' Hall, this ovening, »t 8 o'clock sharp. A reminder to inombera of thu Tasmanian Perma- nent Building Society appears in our special advoi tisoment column. A concert will be given, on Wednesday evening, by the members of tho Trinity association, in St. John's schoolroom, Goulburn street. The Oddfellows' (Loyal Pi ida of Devonshire Lodge) Tînll will tak« tilnrp nt the Town Hall this ovenins? 