IN THE BUSH.. " I am but a snapper-up oLunconsrtered trifles " — Shakespeare. In a.dearth of literary entertainment,. I am often fain to fall back upon any species of literature, however poor in -.conception or absurd in execution. Of this style of writing, nothing is more amusing than the representation of Australian manners and customs by English writers. Taking up one of these popular novels the other evening, I was delighted with the bold invention of the author, who nrofessed to pourtray life on|the gold-fields in the early days. Ballarat he represents as divided into national districts, as the " American quarter" the " French quarter" and so on ; having evidently read somewhere of a " Chinese quarter," and evolved the brilliant idea that other nations were segregated in a; similar manner. Then stores were not only built of brick, but some of them actually possessed skylights, j This will be news for those of us who are j old enough to remember our own ex- I periouces. When the scene uf the stoiy i shifts to the bush, our astonishment in- j creases. The tribes of blacks rejoice in ; such titles as " Garragarra," and speak ; broken English, such as is commonly used j by a burnt-cork Ethiopian minstrel. The : most striking character in the story is one ' who is known as the Bushranger, which j the author evidently infers merely means i a harmless wanderer in the woods, instead ' of a professional robber. He appears io ! be a cress between Leaiherstooking and a gentleman sportsman. He is picturesquely : attired in a skin coat trimmed with fur, 1 leather boots and a fur cap, which, jus every j one kuows, is the daily costume of the i colonial bushm.au. He is the "Deus ex muchina" who always appears in time to rescue the virtuous maiden and punish ; the villain of the story, and when he turns Out to be-an unfortunate English noble- , man and is restored to his ancestral halls j with the- virtuous couple under his wing, I we feel that everything winds up as it ; should do. i How English people can calmly pur- ! chase and read such trash is rather per- : plexing, but that it is not only patronised ' by thein, who perhaps do not know j better, but also by colonial readers, the piles of this " cheap and nasty" literature i in any booksellers shop will prove. It is I evident that it will yet be some time j before " Knowledge shall be extended to | the ends of the earth." | In all my course of reading, which has i been pretty extensive, 1 have met with : but one author whe, when one reflects j that he was never in Australia, fills me with surprise at the accuracy of his de scriptions. Anyone who has read the beautiful language in the moonlight ride of the two young squatters in Sir Bulwer Lytton's " Caxtons" will receive and cherish a pleasant memory. I am much exercised to ascertain the reason of the system of embezzlement, which, in spite of our boasted morality ancl high-pressure education, crops up ever ancl anon in our social strata. I can understand a bunk clerk on a splendid salary of £80 a jTear occasionally ab stracting a few pounds from the vast sums so temptingly placed in his reach ; but when we read of shire secretaries, bank managers, and others, with £200 or £300 and upwards a year, going in for malversa tion and arson, the matter becomes rather complicated. Are we not really getting too highly civilized and, as a consequence, inclined to indulge in too much luxury and expense. I fear that is about the size of it. If society does not soon get a better character for honesty, I am afraid we shall be reduced to the same necessity as, I have read, obtains in Brazil, where one person will introduce another to a family with what is considered the warmest re commendation : — " This is my friend ; if he steal anything, I will be accountable for it JY Could friendship go further ? I have often reflected with some amaze ment upon the wonderful improvement in the position of literary men within the last century or two. If anyone wishes to understand the miserable position of that wretched creature, an author, at that period, let him read Macaulay's graphic description of the hard work and miserable straits to which many a clever man was reduced, who, in these favored days, would be living in luxury and courted by publishers. I dare not state the fabulous prices which I have read of as given for the copyright of novels in the present day ; but, as a contrast, let me mention "Robin son Crusoe," which ran through the whole trade, and 110 one would print it. The bookseller who at last bought it (doubtless with huge misgivings as to his venture) cleared a thousand guineas by it. The "Vicar of Wakefield," which still delights thousands, was sold for a few pounds. " Rasselas," a model of English composi tion, was written by Dr Johnson to defray the expenses of his mother's funeral. The same writer fixed the price of his ' ' Lives cf the Poets" at two hundred guineas, by which the booksellers, in the course of a few years, cleared upwards of twenty-five thousand. Milton sold his "Paradise Lost" for £5, and Tonson and his family rode in their carriage on the profits of it. The copyright of " Vyse's Spelling Book" sold for two thousand guineas. I wonder wkat the copyright of Professor Pearson's celebrated grammar would bring. I also wonder if it had any circulation beyond the thousand or so of copies which were distributed among the State Schools, gratuitously, of course — as there is not much fear of any teacher purchasing a copy. I also wonder who paid the ex pense of printing and distributing. But if I wonder any more, I shall be like Katerfelto, with his hair on end At his own wonders, wondering for his bread. As a member of the lower classes, I have watched with interest th6 development of the "unemployed" movements. Now "that the labouring class have met with such encouragement, I shall expect to see deputations of clerks, shopmen, and others " out of collar, " worrying that unfortunate $Ir Service. Above all, I feel the deepest' Sympathy for that unhappy mechanic who declared that he could not keep his family for less than £3 per week. Poor loan ; I would bet something he is a new chum who, not many months ago, thought himself lucky to get fifteen or eighteen shillings a week in the old country. It is &stoni3hing; how the financial ideas of these new arrivals expand. Mr Simpkins says ae knows of a few teachers, with large families, who manage to do pretty well on a good deal less. But then, you see, they don't belong to the working classes, and are content to suffer without mouthing their difficulties to the universe at large. In these days of " female rights," when ihe ladies seem likely, like Duncan's Ghost , to " push us from our stools" — that is the stools appertaining to post-officos, tele graph offices, &c.; — I often feel surprised that they have not taken to one occupa- . tion which would afford them profitable employment, and at the same time indulge them with unlimited gossip with the male sex. Of course they can do that as the barmaid of. the period ; but this would require no attendance on beery loafers. I Before the gold diggings were ever thought | of, I visited, in my maritime capacity, the | at that time quiet little town then known j as Port Adelaide, or more familiarly " the i .Port." I was'nt quite so bald then, yOu I may guess, and consequently my flowing j locksrequiredsomekeepingunderrestraint. j The Port at that time boasted the novelty | of a female barber, and you should have ; seen the custom she had on a Sunday ; morning. I expect she has retired with a comfortable independence, long before ' her hair grew grey. Now, there isa chance, i You have plenty of barmaids in your lively town ; why don'tProfessorDe Jacquesstarta " pemiquiere," as a novelty in hair dress ing. | Why, there is a fortune in the notion. Let him adopt it. and he will have the best- wishes for success, of his admirer. BILLY NUTTS. 