EofrcM. MARRIED TO AN ACTRESS. By MRS. E. WINSTANLEY, Authoress of ' Twenty Straws,' $c., $c. , CHAPTER VIII. — { Continncd .) ' I'm very sorry, Agatha,' sniffed Bertha, in great agitation. ' Shall I send one of the servants to look after her?' ' I- — I really don't know what to do — ' i \- ' And bid him to just glance at the river here and there as it winds its course through the grounds ?' ' Bertha, Bertha, do you really think she's drowned herself ?' Agatha gasped, suffocat ingly. . ** 'I don't know. I feel too confused to deoide. One minute I think this way, then that. Why doesn't she come home it she be alive 1 She's had no lanoheon ; it's waiting for her now, and it's one of her favourite dishes— stewed BweetbreadB.' ' Ring, and tell Simon to find his young uiBtress in the plantation,' MisB. Ellington laid, in a disturbed manner. Bertha lost no time in obeying her sister's bidding, and Simon went straightway off on biB errand, whistling oareleBBly along as he went, and without a ; thought upon the im portance of his mission. After staring about him in this quarter and in that, the man oame baok .to say'that ''he* had not seed naught about t' young. missus.' 'Did yon look into tbe river, Simon?' . suggested Miss Bertha, in an under tone. ? ' Biver, mum I Whatever should I look into that for?' he ashed, in astonishment. . 'Well, Simoni MisB Annie might have met with Bome aooideht,' returned Miss Elring ton. ' You know how Bhe admires the lilies growing on its banks,' sho added, with a . groan, which was inBtantly eoboed by Bertha. ' Weel, I dunno, muni, nout about 'un bein' font of lilies and sich loike ; not I. I only knows that I could na' fioind her no wheres.' 'Idiot!' exolaimed MiBB Elrington, im patiently. 'Go baok. again, and search everywhere about the grounds for your v young mistress.' 'Simon made no reply hut walked off on , . his errand. Ho came to a stump of a tree, and there sitting down, he drew forth his black nine. lighted it. arid smoked unite contentedly. ' Whatten be t* nee o' runnin' mysel' off *ny legs wi' huntin' for a greet ' big lass loike that Mies Annie, who would as soon alap my face as look at me, if Bhe seed me .. lookin' arter her|doin'a. Presently, when my pipe's gone ont, I shall goo back whoam an' say I couldn't foind her, un' that'll be the truth, seein' as I niver Barohed for her nowheres.' 'The child must have run off to Aver arde,' Baid Miss Elrington, with a new thought and brighter countenance, , 'We, must send a message at once thither toin quire after her. I have some hope of find ing her now.' , Accordingly, off. to Averarde they were preparing to Bend a mounted messenger, when, to their surprise and; joy, Annie ap peared with dejootad gait, swollen eyes, and haggard looks. She sank into the nearest ' «eat, and hung' her head. Her sisters flew towards. her and nearly smothered her with their embraces. . ' ' Oh! dear child, where have yon been?' oried Mies Elrington. ' 'We hare been bo uneasy and unhappy about you.' ? . ' We were afraid you had fallen into the ' liver and were: drowned,' added Bertha. 'And— but, dear me,' your dress is quite damp,' she went on, feeling the girl's clothing. 'Something of theBort must have happened to you ; and you've been en deavouring to. dry yourself— a most imprndent sort of thing on' your part. You must un dress at once, and have some warm gruel . ? and go to bed. It'B a meroy we Bee yon alive ?gain, I'm sure I . Why, meroy on us, I do Relievo. the child has fainted away ! Agatha, ?jour smelling Baits, quiok!' she aried, as Annie fell baok in her ohair, white aB a ghost, and without sense or motion. . \ In .theutmoBt .distresB ol mind, the two titters rang, a bell for -a. servant maid to. assist them mi carrying the fainting girl up stairs, where they hurriedly undreBsed her, J ? and laid herin her bed, on whioh Bhe lay, cold and white, like ohe. dead. They obafed.her ohilled hands, they put. . bottles of hot waper to her feet, but all with ent the leaBt effect.; They would have to tend. «fl lor . a dootor, they, thought. ' . 'Let us try to make her swallow a few ' drops of your excellent cordial,' proposed Bertha; 'you, know. it alwayB does me. 'good.' ? Accordingly, the cordial was produoed, and the girl being raised a little, they administered tb her a wine-glass half full of it. - Presently Annie opened, her eyes in a bewildered manner, and Blared around her. 'I don't understand; where I am,' she -iud, with a shudder. ' Oh ! how cold was water 1 How deep 1' : ii:Po. yon mark that?!' wbiBpered MiBS ' ' Elriim^n to Bertha. 'Oh J'slahdine, brave Celandine, hold me test! Don't1- loose Jonr °' ' Don't . let the 'Her current bear me away ? from life to eter^ - j™'™* Annie, , wildly clinging tb Bertha. . Sir George, you have broken my heart by ; «'? forsaking me. I . bear your laugh, your ow^ed £^1 ears are Btung, my Benseb'-wrnnK .by lta Bound! Meroy, Heaven I ^ ' f it™ dine, I Bink, I drown, J die 1 ' .®ave 8''*® . me, save me 1' And, alter roUin£ About the. ' bed in a irantio manner for- a few the unhappy girl lay still fU»d utterly C.V . . tunuled. ' 'Wo had betterjnot question her,' Mies Elrington said, BBido, to Bertha ; 4' by doing Bo we Bhould very likely only exoite her tbe moie. I cannot understand the moaning of her words at all. By Celandine slie means that perBon at Averarde, but tho rest I am fairly ? at a loss to comprehend,' she added, shaking her head. ' It's a mystery,' sniffod Bertha, in low acoenta— 'a myBtery whioh I should vo'ry muoh like to have solved.' ' So also should I,' returned Agatha. ' I'll warrant, could we but get at 4ho bottom of this business, we should find that horrid person there'. She is a serpent,^ firebrand ; by some means or other she has ruined our child's happiness, and driven her oat of her wits ! See her where she lies with working fingers and wandering eyes !' ' It's all just as I expeoted it would be,' grumbled Bertha. ' Sue has contaminated our dear child, and brought her to some sort of grief.' ' Hash, Celandine, hush !' resumed Annie, entreatingly. 'Don't say a word to them about me ! Agatha nnd Bertha would never forgive me ! Celandine, yoa are my friend. I love you, for you are sensible and good — ob, how good 1' ' Good I I'm not of that opinion,' ox claimed Miss Elrington, with a groan. 'Neither am I,' sniffed Bertha, spasmodi cally. ' She seems to have bewitched the child,' resumed Agatha. ' Absolutely so ; driven her demented, poor dear.' ' But only for a time, I trust, Agatha. Do you think she. has been in the river P I do, else how came her garments, all of them, so wet?' ' Heaven knows I But we must not ques tion her on the Bubjeot. We must be patient, and let the mystery unravel itself, aB I daresay it will do by-and-bye. In the'moan time, we must do all we oan in order to recover this child, and bring her baok to her normal oondition of mind.' ' Yes, yes, Agatha ; I understand ; you are bo prudent, so wise. What would that child, or I, possibly do without your guidance, without your sisterly love ? Give me a tiny drop, just a thimbleful, of your delioious oherry oordial, will you, dear? I feel quite upset with theBo agitating doings, and oan soarcoly Bupport myself. You are truly wonderful; yoa must have nerves of iron to bear up as you do under the moat distressing oiroumstanoes. How I envy you 1 Bat we arc not all made alike. No, no; some of eb are strong, and others are weak. Well, I am weak— weak as water, goodness help me !' she conoluded, foolishly. ',Hnsh ! she has dropped into a doze 1' ' The soothing effeotB of your oherry oordial, deur Agatha. Give me a little of it, or I shall die on the spot, dear Beritia 1' CHAPTER IX. We must now proceed to explain matters to the reader, whom we oan no longer leave in the dark, When Annie quitted her home, it waB tor the purpose of meeting Sir George Stunners, as she had often done before, in the plantation. But on tbiB occasion it was to elope with him, according to a promise he had wrung from her the previous day. She was to leave with him to be married imme diately in London. Pretendinghe had some important business calling him away, the baronet took leave of Noel Elrington and his wife this morning, allowing himself to be driven to the railway station in one of his host's carriages, where, alighting, and seeing it drive away, he im mediately entered a fly and drove baok in the fdireotion of Elrington plantation. He leant baok in the- vehicle with hiB travelling oap drawn far over hiB eyes, and with a pocket handkerobief held alose to his face, in order that he might not be recognised should he be met by any one of the servants belonging to Averarde. ' But there had been a certain something in the manner of Sir George Stunners when he parted from her husband and herself that had aroused a suspioion in the mind of Celandine that he was bent on some sort of dishonourable enterprise likely to disturb the doihestio peace of her husband, and of the family oirole at JMnngton House. She said not a word tb anyone, but, hastily equipping herself in walking coatume, seorefly stole out of the house, and hurriedly sought the nearest road to Elrington. She under stood nothing at all of what she was about to do ; she only believed that she was abont to avert some wioked misohiei; and, bo im pressed, she hurried onwards until she nearly reaohed a Btilo, over whioh she beheld a mau spring with elasticity. That man was' Sir George Stunners. He had not observed her. He disappeared through the trees ; but Celandine was behind him, on hiB traok, Bilently pressing along. At length a feminine voioe was heard, and Celandine saw Annio burst from a leafy oovert, dash forward, and rush into the open arms of the baronet, whilst Celandine oronohed behind Bome bushes near enough to see and hear all that passed. ' My darling girl, I was almost afraid you would fail heart, and so disappoint me 1' the baronet oried, enfolding Annie oIobo to his breast. ' Yon will not deoeive me, George ; to morrow you will take me to ohuroh and put the wedding ring upon my finger ?' 'I will, Annie dear; I swear to you I will,' he returned, with earnestness. ' Then I will trust you, George ; though why you oonld not have oonfided in Noel, or sought my two elder Bisters, and so spared me tho commission of an aot of deoeit suoh as I blush to think of even, I cannot imagine — ' ' My darling girl, have I not told you over and over again that your brother, his mind prejudiced by his wife, has . taken a great aversion to me ? Then, pardon me for what. I am about to add. Your two sisters aire, as you tell me, already against me. I am besot onallsideB by. opposition, bo I deem it best to oarty you off aB I have arranged, and i marry you to-morrow morning up in London. You must not trouble me any further on this point ; you really must not, dear. I do not j liko to act deoeitfnlly any more than you do, but. there are timeB in one's life when one cannot altogether aot exaotly as one could i wish to do. You understand me, love?' ' No, not quite,' she answered, frankly. 'I wish I oould do bo, I should feel bo muoh happier if we were— ' ' Hush, little Bermoniser I' he interrupted, playfully. Now, yon really muBt be good, and truBt me without further- questioning. Now, promise that you will tease me -no moreon this subject.' - ' I promise— 1 promise yon,' she replied. He glanoed at his watoh before, he spoke again. 'We have no time to lose,' ho observed, hastily. ' I have a fly-waiting for ub at the oorner of the road. We ought to . be at the station in less than a quarter of an hour hence.' . 'I am ready, George, Annie said, tear fully, and looking confidingly into the eyes of her companion bb Bhe spoke. 'Then let ub away at once,' the, baronet said, drawing Annie's arm through his, and making an advancing step. But only one mado he before he uttered an exolamatioc, and Btood like one suddenly paralysed with ; torror, Mrs. Elrington was standing in front of the pair, her fine figure drawn erect, her handsome features wearing an expression of deoision. Annie olung to the baronet'B arm in alarm and shame, and hid her face upon bia shoulder. - ' « . [To b* coiitbuud. , ? 