the old pot. A STORY REFURBISHED FOR MODERN ariuERS. Forty years ago there was not in England a man more respected than my ancle, Farmer Bloomfield, ol Stanley Court. Strange to Buy, however, he did not always oocopy eo high s position in the estimation of those arnnnd him : for It wee not until his snn had passed the meridian and the shadows were (eogtheoiag that the tide of his popularity set in. In early life he bad been left am orphan, and was pleeed under the oars of a maiden annt, whose idiosyncrasy was not without its effect in moulding my nnole'a character. Reserved In his manner and eooentao in the extreme, he often became the objeot of ridi- wlo, Tbw «M little in bit preogsl ap» Clearance to call for remark beyond a most nnnsnal development of the nasal or«an and ihunot nnfrequently became the subjeot of rode tests. The presiding genius of the Club which met tightly in the parlonr of the village inn, once faoetionsly allnded to it as his " proboeois " — a olrcnme'anoe whioh gave ran to the name "Bosois," by which my node was afterwards known. In nothing did his eocentrioity appear more strongly than in the aotiqoariao phase of his character. He grndgad neither money nor time in oull noting curiosities of all Unit. valuable or useless ilike | and being in easy aircumstancea, was able to gratify every whim. Modern improvements ha despised, whilst his admiration for the antique knew no bounds. It was wearisome to listen to the history of the many objects around himj and his viet tore rarely escaped these infliction,,. Scarcely a week passed without an addition to his Museum, as I styled bis home and knowing the penally of a call, the visits of his friends were few and far between. But to have exhibited eigne of fanpstieuos during bis reoital of these intorestiog particulars wonld have stamped the individual in my unole's opinion as unworthy of his notion. He had the moat profound contempt for those who ooold not regard with admiration an ob ject, however mean in itself, upon which old Time bed left the indelible marks of his fingers. Poor nnole 1 How often he has been victimised ! Designing rascals often relieved him of a good enm of money for an article aa worthless as themselves. But enoh was his ooofiding nature that he believed their re presentations, and valued the article in pro portion to the brightness of the halo whioh their duplicity threw around it. Far and wide he was known as Bloomfield the Anti quarian, which, while it pleased hil vanity, often emptied his puree; nor did he ever know how largely it was due to the irony of those who laughed at hie credulity. And yet methiobs, that to have removed the eoales from his eyes, sod to have shewn him how miserably he had been gulled, would have robbed him of the happiness of bis life. His ruling passion grew with bis jeers, and at length amounted to a cupidity wh:eh not nn- frequently led him into awkward aorapea. Bnt he was suddenly awakened from these ebsordifaeein a manner so remarkable, that be invoked my aid in reprodncing a story often told by himself at hie own fireside. It was a sultry afternoon in the month of September when my nnole. faent his steps aoross the common and throngh-the meadows to visit a neighbouring farmer-friend. On the oooasiou of this visit, and jost aa he was leaving, after having partaken of the usual hospitalities of the plaae, he espied in the oorner of the farmyard an old iron pot, ?early spherical in shape, which had formely stood on three legs, but could now only boast of two. Owing to its unsafe condition, it had long sinoe been disused, and bad been consigned to its resting-plaoe oo the prinoiple, that for ell the ills of life prevention is better then cure. A somewhat miuute luepection of its exterior revealed the figureB 16, follow ed by something which oould not readily be deciphered ; audiustead of concluding that these marks probably re presented nothing more than the size of the article in qnestion, the greet antiquary rashly oouoluded that the 16 with the obliterated marks represented nothing short of the data of its manufacture. A pot whose early ex istence was probably contemporary with Cromwell, could oot be permitted to remain in such a place. Accordingly my nnole de termined to transfer it to Stanly Court, there to keep company with many relics of days long ago. But his burden proved more inconvenient than he anticipated. After taxing his inge nuity to the utmost to disoover a means of carrying It with a maximum amount of ease, it finally ooonrrad to him that, inverted, it might rest -on his head. Accordingly it wan so placed, and my uncle proceeded with the queerest helmet that ever pressed the brow of a human being. His path lay along the bank of a small river, and so down to the mill. Here, it may be mentioned In paren thesis, lived an old sweetheart, who, ont of patience, I suppose, in waiting for the " question " from my uncle, had accepted his rival the miller folly twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been con structed for the purpose of diverting the water to the mill, and thnsa pond was formed at least five feet deep. The water often flowed over the dam, formiog % bezutiful cascade tram six to eight feet in height ; and when the water wae low, people frequently passed over the wooden platform ol the dam to save (he walk Co the bridge, whioh stood more than a hundred yards below the mill Bat doubtless my ancle had soother reaaon for selectiog this rente, a reason which re ceived additional force from the strange ap pearanoe whioh he now presented. As may be readily supposed, the action of the water had rendered the platform very smooth and slippery. Along this dangerous path, however, my uncle proceeded ; bnt whether from the effect of the aforesaid hos pitalities, or from the weight of the pot on his bead, he beoame unsieady in his gait, and suddenly slipped. A fall of eight feet to the bed o1 the river was no joke ; besides, enoh a fall oould only end in the destruction of the pot. Now, divided attention is alwave to be avoided, where the possible issues are serious, its under even ordinary oircametances, a slip io «Qoh a place was no trifling matter ; bat with the objeot of his solicitude firmly fixed on his head, whftfc wooder that his fcafcty was doubly jeopardised. Be that as it may, |the foot remains that he stumbled upon the (Slippery platform, and the pot slipping over "hie nose, enveloped bis entire heed I Practi cally blind, he was now less capable then ever of recovering his footing ; and his at tempts to do so ended in my worthy relative tumbling head first into the mili-poed. Thns waa he brought literally face to face with an ignominious death, no better than that of the vilest cur which leaves the world with a stone tied to its neck. Bnt the darkest boar is not unfrequently the hour of deliverance. It proved so here. The attention of Joe, the miller's man, had been attracted to my nnols before he reaohed the dam— by the strange bead-gear worn by my relative. The unsteady gait, the slip, the fell, the plunge, were all observed ; and having reached the pond aa qnickly as possible, Joe enoceeded, after con- aiderable diffionlty, in extricating my nnole from his perilous position. Whenever the old gentleman related the story to his friends, he moralised here on the vanity of homan wishes. " Yes, Nephy," he wonld say, turning to me, "that was the crisis in my history, not merely aa regards the nnexpeeted extension of my existence, bnt more particularly with reference to the fully which waa the ootoome of the mania which had seized me. I never felt how useless my life had been till Death stared me in the faoe under snob ignominious surroundings. My punishment appeared to me aa complete as it was deserved. Drowning seemed only the seoondsry oanse of my death, the real oanse being the ruling passion whioh had prompted me to possess the pot. The idea of dying with my head in anoh a position, humiliating though it waa, bore no comparison to my thoughts sa 1 felt the air rite in bubbles from the pot, in solemn mockery of- my life, and thought how, io breaking upon the. aorfaoe, they wrote my epitaph — " Emptiness." Having rescued my nnols, Joe outvied him to the house of the miller, where he removed the wet garments, placed him in bed between the blankets, and applied those means for his restoration generally resorted to in oases of nepended animation. It was fortooete that Joe was familiar with the treatment, aa he was the oely person oa Hie premises, and the nearest house was folly half a mile dis tant. He persevered in his efforts, and, ere long, was rewarded by returning oousaious- uses. But the pot— the terrible pot, still canopied my unolela head, io spite of every endeavour to remove it. "The ueee waa the oanse. you see," the eld gentleman wonld amy, playfully tapping that protuberant organ with his finger ; " and appeared to be little Bhort of a bolt, which defied the removal of that ungraceful head-gear." Now, of all places, the mill waa nerhana the last which my uncle wonld hay, cited to visit under the circamstauoee. jj6 oon|g not endure the thought that the minw'( wlfe his old sweetheart, should witness such a apeetaole, and was really distressed at the idea that her eyes might even now be resting on his misfortune. The old pot refuse! that assurance to him which hie eyas would have supplied, and so he had to rest content with the repeated avowal of his benefactor Joe : " Keep yer mind aiay; Hie msiater and his wife and the whole lot of 'em be gone to the fair. Bnt don't you be afeard of Hie missus. She be mighty kind, and od ,elp ye heapa if she waa here. And now ya be fkfe nod a cotnln' round a bit, I can't help a iangbm' just a little hit. I zeed ye go in headvonnost, right down like, and yer legs a-kickin' up znmat, like toe dnoks when they goes a-divin' arter what 'em can catch in the pood Then there's that there pot abont yer head. Li I I never zaed anch a night-csp in all my born daye. Don't think I'm a-makin' fan on ye ; but I've a tried to gst'u off, and 'er won't ceme, leastways without a piece o' yer nose, and t reckon you don't waot to spare a elice o' that." With these and such-like speeches Joe en livened his patient, introducing parentheti cally anch hearty burets of laughter, th«t my node speedily recovered himself ; but his Increasing streng'h only intensified my ancle's desire to get clear away before the miller aod bis wife returned. As a first step io this direction he emerged from ths blankets in which, barring hia head, be had been enveloped, and with the assistance of Jos as his valet, be dressed in the garments which that worthy supplied. There wae nothing remarkable abrut these, with the exception of a smock-frock of enowy white ness, whioh extended to my nnole' feet, and played a not unimportant part in the seqael of the story. gBnt here arose a difficulty. Joe being left in charge of the premises, coold not leave until his master's retorru. Every argument which his ingenuity supplied to dttria ha patient, and every protest against my ancle's injustice in believing the miller's wife cspsbia of anght bat sympathy, foil upon my uncle's ears like water npon a dock's back." Finding that he could place the pot in a position which enabled him to see his feet, and conse quently tbe path bit by bit aloDg which he had to travel, besides being able to raise the plaguy apparatus aafiioiently to eoable him to breathe, and eeeuig that Joe could not accompany h(m as a guide and protector, be determined to make an attempt to reach the village alone. Bsiog naturally anxioos to avoid, as far as possible, toe public gaze, all thought of taking toe turnpike-road was ab»ndoned, though he need not have been ncder each appreheosior, for who amongst the many returning irom the fair would be Ukely to recognise io that strange figure Farmer Bloomtield of Stanley Court I Indeed hie objection to thie rente might have been overcome but for his dread ut meeting the miller and his wife, who — so he thought — might pomibly recognise the garb which enveloped him, and wonid naturally feel unpleasantly inquisitive about the indi vidual within it. Vet a walk of three mile through meadows and aoroas a common after seven o'olock on a September evening, under eocb circumstances, appeared well nigh im possible for a blind man. Anything, however, appeared preferable to the disclosure be mj mnch dreaded j aod so, trusting to his circum scribed vision, he departed with elow and steady steps along toe old familiar path, determined, by a nappy thought, to make his way to the village blacksmith, whose ingenuity he bad no donbt would speedm remove toe enonmbranoe. The keenest foresight is, however, uoaoie to anticipate toe circumstances which m«> befall us. For some time all went well, and toe antiquary's progress, though slow, was sore. Bat what with toe sultriness of the evening, the defective ventilation inside the pot, ana the weight of that at other times nselui article, my ancle was compelled t-j sink to the ground in a faint, jnst as be bad reached a shallow brook, over which be hao to pas ; and there he lay until cooeciooauces relumed. How long he had been in th a position he did cot know ; bat hesoon becam< painfully aware of the feet that the shades of night had closed aroond him. Sor was hie anxiety diminished as a thunder-stora. burat over his bead. Heavy clouds overspread tneoky, and deeened the darkness; eoth. wh< u my uncle rose to his teet, he foood the paih completely hidden from his view. lu so helpless a condition, what wonder thai he wandered from the familiar track ! To add to his discomfoit, toe rain came down in torrents ; whilst tbe lightning, flashing around him, filled him with a new terror. SfctlJ, he ooottaoed to trudge his weary way ; and at length, to his intense delight, faeheara the faint but welcome eonnds which came from the anvil of the village blaoksmith. Sweeter music he had never heard. He listened intently to the sound as it was wafted across the gloomy common, and with his ears as a pilot, walked 00, cheered by the fact that every step brought him nearer to the man who would remove the load from his head — aod heart, fie had not proceeded for in the direction of the smithy, when he became aware of the approach of a man, and in toe sDalches of eoug which fell upon the darkness, he recognised a familiar voice. It waB the village schoolmaster, who, being fully occupied by day in keeping other people's spirits dowo, resolved that his evenings should be spent in keeping his owu spirits np, which he succeeded tolerably well in doing at the Club which met nightly at the village A load of anxiety foil from my uncle's heart as the schoolmaster appoacbed him. But alas ! tbe relief was only momentary, Whether the darkness hid my uncle from his eight, or whether he was so occupied with his thoughts as to be DDConecioas of such a pcrsun's presence, we need not stop to inquire. A vivid flash of lightning for an instant lit ap the scene when they were but a few yards apart, revealing my oncie shrouded 10 garments of enowy whiteness; toe song suddenly oeased; a shriek rent tbe air: and the tremnlons voice of my belated rel itive, intended to remove the schoolmaster's fes>, served only to quicken his flight across the ooinmon to the village ion, which he bad leu only half an honr before. With a face ghastly paie, with drops of perspiration like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping for breath, he threw himself into s cnair. perfectly overcome aud speeohless. Ij the hands of tbe landlady he recovered in a f c w minutes sufficiently to explain the cause Ot nu terror. He bad witnessed that mg&c;, he said, such a sight as oever before met fate e>es. JLu passing tbe spot on the common where, in the remembrance of most of hi- bearers a mardertd man had been found — a spot he confessed be never passed at night w lUiuUL aetToos excitement — jest u he had uuiuuie.csa . wiDg by way of diminishing u>e loneliness ot his sisuatiun, a horrid being stood before bun. It wu olsd in wjiiic, hat had . bead as black as night, from the top of which projected two short boros. Xc was impossible to be mistake a. A fl.hh of lightning revealed all this toe platniy, and sec toed fur instant to QhDoe aiouud toe bead of the Satanic spectre. Besides this, a voice, sepulchral in lis tunes, plainly crliul liiio by ome> Narely tbe evidence of two of bis seuses coold not be rejtc ed ! tin, associates at tbe inn gave a ready ear to toe statement, and after partaking of some Dutch courage, ai the earnest request oi the scnoolmseter they coosented to accom pany bun across the common to bis home. Among. t them was Joe, who, on tbe return ol tne miller, bad walked to Stanley Court by the ru.d, professedly to bring my node', clothes, hot in reality from a feeling of auxiety about his eatety. Finding be had not returned, Joe eel off in search of tbe wanderer, and ou bis way stepped into tbe Tillage ino just in time to hear the eohoclmaeter's accuuut of the ghost on the common. He might easily have removed the school master's fears; but being of a froliosome turn, and wishing to test tbe conrage of hie body-guard, he remained eilent, and followed them unobserved when they left the inn. Meanwhile the ringing sounds from the anvil had guided the exhausted wanderer and before tbe party from tbe Inn bad proceeded far, the supposed ghost was enoonntered. Batch conrage proved unequal to the shook, and Joe had the aatialaotion of seeing them scamper away as fast as their legs coold cany them each one doubtless as much overcome as had beec the schoolmaster when he «."h speechless into a ohair bat a few minntes before. Tfae faithful Joe, however, was soon at my nncU's side, and under his guidance the emitby was reached. A consultation now took place as to the beet mesne of effecting a release ; and nothing appeared eo practicable as to plsoe the pot on tbe anvil, and with a sharp blow from a hammer, to shatter it into fragments. A hszardons proceeding, bat desperate ills require desperate remedies. It was therefore hot without forebodings of evil that my node, supported by Joe, plaoed the pot as directed. Down the olow ; end my nncle stood erect, a happier and a wiser man. The kind-hearted and isitlilai Joe lived long in my snole'e service as farm-bailiff, and never wanted a friend as long as tbe old geotleman lived; and in repeating these extraordinary proceedings to eager listeners, he would assure them thst "he never reed sieh a nut afore, nor eioh a kernel 1" Some men are captivated by a woman's l.ugb, just as eome men predict a pleasant nay because the ana ahtnes cat clear for. 