I CHAPTM K. I ' OUTSIDE THE PALE. u.ne races we;e over at 4 o'clock, with the exception of the " Consolation Stakes," and a few other informal affairs, upon whioh' Mr. Thornier did not oondesoend to adjudicate; and the Adelonea patty, swelled to fifteen, setoff an their long drive borne. It was a time of year when th* twilight fdl early, and it ma dark between 6 and 71 bat to-; night thert wsa a moon, and (bete -was no need to harry; all that was neoestary was to ; get back in comfortable time t<> drees for an » o'clock dinner. 'Then was a neat deal of conversation, hot Rachel bad not muoh share in it. The break waactowded, of cotfrse. The two servants Bat on the bdx with Mr. Thomley; the boot was fnll of portmHftteans. There was no room for the children inside, except on the knees of their elders*, and ope of them Rachel instatedonnnning (and she went fast adeep), while Miss O'Hara eat be tide her with the other. - Buxom Min Hale was wedged opposite, with (Rafthel waB sure, and it offended her Mnseof propriety deeply) her lover'a tm aroundhw wilst, Kc. Dal' ryrople sat by the door, almost out of sighti and sound. Rachel had scarcely spoken to bim "all day; the profuae attentions of the other gentlemen to her had interposed be tween them-and, perhaps, though she was not aware of it, her aunt s little manoeuvres also. But her thoughts were full of him, as she sat, tired and silent, in her corner, with the sleeping child in her arms. Her imagina tion was fascinated by the story of his life, which, given to her in so brief an outline, she filled in for herself elaborately, dwelling most, of course, upon the dramatic New market episode, and wondering whether that woman was worthy or unworthy of the sacrifice of fame and fortune that he had made for her. " What a lovely night!" remarked Miss Hale, breaking in upon her reverie. ? Rachel looked up, with an absent smile. The moon was beginning to outshine the fading after-glow of a gorgeous sunset; stars were stealing out{ few ana pale, in a clear, pale sky; the diBtant ranges were growing sharp and dark, with that velvety sort of bloom on them, like the bloom of ripe plums, which is the .effect of the density of their forest clothing, seen through the luminous transparency of their native air. There was a sound of 'curlews far away, making their melancholy wail-broken now and then by the screaming of cockatoos, or the deliriouB mirth of laughing jackasses, or the faint " cluck, cluck " of native companions sailing at an immense distance overhead. The frogs were serenading the coming night in every pool and watercourse; the cold night wind made a sound like the sea in the gums and aheoaks under which they swept along, crashing and jingling, at the rate of ten miles' an hour. The lonely bash was fall of its own weird twilight beauty. "It is a very lovely night," assented Rachel; and she sighed, and laid her cheek on Dolly Thornley's head. She was a little tired, a little sad, and she did not want to talk just now. Seeing which, Miss Hale gave herself, with an easy mind, to her lover's entertainment However, when the four horses drew up at the most central of the Adelonga front doors, panting and steaming, with their exuberance all evaporated, the naturally light heart became light and gay Main. It was such a cheery arrival, too. The charming old house was lit up from eiid to end; blazing logs on bedroom hearths sent ruddy gleamB through a dozen windows; doors stood wide, like open arms, ready to receive all comers. Mr. Thornley handed his guests out of the break with profaBe gestures of welcome, shouting to his servants, who were trained, as he was himself, to all hospitable observances, and harried to take traps and bags. Mrs. Thornley, looking girlish and pretty in a pale blae evening dress, stood on the doorstep, eager and smiling, scattering her graceful and cordial salutations all around her." " Oh, Lucilla," exclaimed Rachel, when she had given her charge to a nursemaid, running up to kiss her cousin, between whom and herself very tender relations-based on the baby-existed,, "we have had snch a lovely day. . I am so sorry you were not with lis." ; . " lam glad yon enjoyed yourself," re* sponded Mia Thornley affectionately. " You have had splendid weather. Run and see if the fire is burning nicely in Mrs. Digby's room, there's a dear child." It took Bome time to -get all the guests cot Jficted in the house, and then to disperse them, with their wraps and portmanteaus, tor t&eif; respective rooms. Rachel assisted her couBin in this pleasant business, trotting about to carry shawls, qnd poke up fires, and get cups of tea and cans of hot water. It waB the kind of service that she de lighted in. When everybody was disposed of, ,and she went to her own room, phe' found she had barely half an hour in which to dress herself. What, she won dered, should she put on to make herself look very, very nice. With all these strangers in the house, it behoved her to sustain the credit of thfe family, as far as in her lay. She set abodt her toilet with a flush of hnrry and excitement in her face. All her weariness was gone now; she was looking as bright and lovely as it was possible for her to look. Dis carding the black dress that was her ordinary dinner coBtume, she arrayed herself all in in white-the fine white Indian muslin which had been brought to Adelonga for possible state occasions, and which was, therefore, made to leave her milky throat and arms uncovered. She put on her diamond bracelet, but she took it off again. She fastened a pearl necklace-another of her lover's presents rohnd her soft neck, but she unfastened it, and laid it back ih its velvet case. She went into the drawingroom at last with her beauty unadorned, save only by a bit of pink heath in her boBom-without a single spark of that newly-acquired jewellery that her soul loved -lest she should help, ever so infiniteAimally, to flaunt the wealth and prosperity of .the family in the eyes of impecunious gentlemen. And it is needless to inform the experienced reader that Mr. Dalrymple, turning to look at her as she entered, thought she was one of the loveliest girls he had ever seen. He was far away on the other Bide of the room, and she did not go near him. The ladies were rustling about in their long trains and tinkling ornaments; the men were troop ing in. white-tied and swallow-tailed, . rub bing their hands and sniffing the grateful aroma of dinner. Then the gong began to clang and vibrate through the house, and the company, who were getting hungry, paired themselves to order, and set forth through sinuous passages to the dining-room. Rachel being, conventionally, the laqy of least conse quence, was left without a gentleman to go in with; and Bhe sat at the long table on tne same side with Mr. Dalrymple, too far off to see or speak to him. When dinner was over, and the ladies rose, she took advantage of a good opportunity to pay a visit to the baby, whom she had not seen all day-a terrible deprivation. She whispered her proposed errand to Lucilla, who gratefully sent her Off 3 and the baby being discovered awake ana amiable, Bhe spent nearly an hour in his apartment, nursing anfi fondling him m her warm, white arms. It was her favourite occu pation, from which she never could tear her self voluntarily. By and bye; the baby dropped asleep and was tenderly lowered into his cradle; and then, having nothing more to do for him, Bhe tucked him up, kissed i him, a»4 went back to her pocial duties. When she iAtered the drawingroom, she found fhe whole party assembled, and some exciting disctission was going on. Mrs Hale, sitting! square oh a central sofa, was ' evidently the leading spirit; and Mrs. Hardy, Bitting beeide her, indicated to the girl's ex perienced eye, by the expression of her face and the elevation of her powerful Roman nose, that she was supporting her neighbour's views-whatever they were-in a determined and defi&nt; manner. .Miss Hale and Bjfr. Leas^l had retired to a distant alcove, but they had suspended their whispered confidences to listen to the pubUc debate. Mr. Thornley and Mr. Hale were trying to play chess, but were also distrarteq. Mr. l)igby lounged against a side table/ pretending to be absorbed in Tfy Argus. fcmt peeping furtively at in tervals over the top of the sheet Mua ] OHara Bat apart, knitting, with an expression of rigid disapproval. Mrs. Digby, in a very central position, foil in the light, lay back in a low easy chair, and fanned herself with gentle, measured movements! Her eyes were fixed on a pietnre in front of her, her soft mouth was set, her face was pale, and proud, and grave; very different from Mrs. Thornley'a beside her, which was disturbed and down cast, as that of a hostess whose affairs were not going well. Rachel saw in Mrs. Digby for the first time a strong resemblance to her brother. Mr. Roden Dalrymple stood alone on the hearthrug, with his back against the wall, and his elbows on a corner of the mantel piece. His face was hard and cold, yet not without signs of atrong emotion. It was evidently between him and Mrs. Hale that tbe discussion lay, and it was equally evident that the "feeling, of the meeting" was against him. Rachel, taking in the situation at a glance, longed to walk over to the hearth rug, and publicly espouse her hero's cause, whatever it might happen to he. What she did instead was to' glide noiselessly to the back of her cousin's chair, and, leaning her arms upon it, to " watch the case" on his behalf. They were all too pre- occupied to notice her. " It is all very well," Mrs. Hale was saying in an aggressive manner, " but it was nothing' short of murder in cojd blood.. And if you* had been in any other quarter' of the globe when you did it you would not have escaped to tell the tale to us here." " My (dear Mrs. Hale-excuse me-I am not telling the tale to you here. I have not the slightest intention of doing so." " But everybody knows it, of course." "I think not," said Mr. Dalrymple. . " That you had a quarrel with a man, who had once been your friend," proceeded Mrs. Hale, with a vulgar woman's unscrupulous ness about trespassing on sacred ground; "and that you hunted him round the world, and then, when you met him in that Califor nian diggings place, shot him across a billiard table where he stood, without a moment's warning." " Oh, yes," said Mr. Dalrymple, calmly; " he had plenty of warning-five years, at least" " Not five minutes, after you met him. Mr. Gordon was there, and said that he was a dead man five minutes after you came into the room and recognised him." " Gordon can tell you, then, that I satis fied all tbe laws of honour. The meeting had been arranged and expected ; there were no preliminaries to go through-except to borrow a couple of revolvers and get somebody to see fair play. There were at least a dozen to do that; Gordon was one." . _' ? "Poor fellow," ejaculated Mrs. Hardy with solemn indignation. " And he fired in the air, I suppose?" 1 " He would have fired in the air, I daresay, if 'he had any hope that I would do BO," re plied Mr. Dalrymple, with a face as hiaid as Hint, and a deep blaze of passion in his eyes. " But he well knew that there was no chance of that. He was obliged to shoot his best in self-defence." " Then you might have been killed your Belf!-and what then?" "That was a contingency I was quite pre pared for, of course. What then ?-I should have done my duty;" " Don't say * duty,' Roden." interposed Mrs. Digby,-very gently and gravely.' " My dear Lily, the word nas no arbitrary sense; we all interpret it to suit our own views. It was my idea of duty." . "Poor fello^!" exclaimed Mrs. Hardy again. " It is a: dreadful story. And did he leave any family ?" " I would rather not pursue the subject, 'Mrs. Hardy-if you have no objection." " I wonder you are not afraid to go to bed," Mrs. Hale persisted, undeterred by the dark ness of his face. " The ghost of that poor wretch would haunt me night and day. I should never know what it was to Bleep in peace/' Rachel listened to thi.s fragment of a con versation, which had evidently been going.on for some time ; and her heart, grew "cold, within her. Mr. Dalrymple happened to turn, his head, and saw her looking, at nim, with her innocent young face scared and pale; and he was almost as much shocked as she... A swift change in himself-a straightening of his powerful, tall frame, and a flash of angry surprise and pain in his imperious eyes -aroused a general attention to her presence. "You here, my dear?" exclaimed Mrs. Hardy, much discomposed by the circum stance. " That is the worst of these irregular shaped rooms-with so many doors and corners, one never sees people go out and come in." "How is baby?" inquired Mrs, Thornley eagerly, thankful for the diversion. " Is he Bleeping nicely ?" Mr. Djdrymple strode across the room, and wheeled np a chair, " Won't you sit down; Miss Fetherstonhaugh ?" he said, looking at her with a little appeal in his still stern face. " You muBt be tirea after your long day." " Thank you," Baid she; and she sat down. But she felt incapable of talking- incapable of sitting still, with her hands before her. General conversation of a more comfortable and conventional kind than that which she had interrupted was set going all around ber. The lovers resumed their tite-A-tSte in the corner ; the chess-players continued their game; Mrs. Hale and Mrs. Hardy, suffering from a very justifiable suspicion that they had been a trifle rude, endeavored to make themselves particularly entertaining. But she sat, silent and miserable, with downcast eyes,. picking at the embroidery on her dross; and wishing the evening over-this disappointing evening which had counter acted all the DrightneBB and pleasure of the day-so that ehe could slip away to bed. "You have had no tea," said Mr. Dal rymple presently, when all the married ladies were absorbed in discussing the merits of their respective cooks, " It came in while you were out of the room. Won't you have some now ?" Grateful for any interruption, of the spell of embarrassment which was holding her pain fully undef his watchful eyes, she thanked him, arid, "rising nastily, went over to one of the numerous recesses of that charmingly arranged room, where the evening tea table usually stood between a curtained archway and a glass door that led into t|ie conser vatory. Of course he followed her. _ The curtains were looped back so as to permit the glow of lamps and firelight to stream in from the room, and on the Qtber side a full moon shone palely down thxotigh a network, of flowering shrabs and fern trees. They could hear the conversation of the rest distinctly particularly Mrs. Hale's share Of it Bat it was a very and retired place. " Yon had bettor Bit down," said Mr. Dalrymple, " and let me poor it outfor jpn. Yes-I do it every night for my aister. She, too, likeB to have the teapot brought in. But I doubt if it is fit to drink; it has been hxhplt to hour. I thought you were tired and Had gone to bed." "Did yonf " Yes; I am afraid you are very tired. Ytfa ought not to. have come hack." " I-I yish I had not," Bhe said, hardly above a whiBper, as she took cap from his bands. She looked into his face foe & moment with ber timid, troubled- eras, and then looked down hastily and'blushed her brightest scarlet. " I know, I know," he replied, in a low tone 01 emotion that had a touch of fierceness in it. " I saw how shocked yon were, and I could have bitten my tongue oat Bat 1 should never have spoken ef thai if Mrs. Hale had not badgered me into it If it had been one of the men-bat they know better I A. woman, though she may be the most pro digious fool, is privileged. I am very sorry. I can't tell you bow sorry I am." " It ia not hearing it that matters," stam mered Bachel, stirring her tea with wild and tremulous splashes; " it is knowing-it is thinking-of its being true." He paused for a moment, and looked at her with a look that Bhe was afraid to meet,' but which she/eft through all her shrinking consciousness; and then he said , quietly,. " Drink your tea, and let us go into the cpn^r vatory for five minutes." . . y . It was a bold proposal, under the, circum stances, but it did-not occur to her tQ ques tionit. She drank her tea hastily,' apdpat down ber cup; and Mr. Dalrymple opened the glass door, which Bwuhg on noiseless hinges, and,. passing out after her,, coolly closed it behind them both. It was very dim and still out there. The steam of ths warm air, full of .Bfyong earthy «yn^ pioflf odours, clung to the glass roofs through which the moon was shining, and madetEa light vague and misty. The immense brown BtemB of the tree ferns, barnacled with stag*' horns, and the great green feathers spreading and drooping above them, took all kinds of phantom BhapeB. Bachel herself looked Hfc* a ghost in her white dress, as she flitted down the dim alleys by that tall man's tapping the tiled, floor >vith h$r shpperedfegt with no more noise than a woodpecker.:? " Is that the lapageria?' asked lb. Dal rymple, when he thought they hud gone fax enough for privacy, pausing beside a comfort* able seat, and pointing, upward to a lattice* work of dark-leaved shoots, from which hung cluBtera.ofdnskyJlower bells. "How well it grows here, to be sure!" . . " Everything gr6wis welLhere," responded Rachel, relieved from Bome restraint By this harmless opening of their clandestine tMc; " and that creeper is Mr. Thomley's favourite. The flowers are the loveliest ted in daylight." t . . " Now I want to tell you a little about that story you heard just now," he proceeded gravely. "Sit down; it won't take long." " You said you would rather not about it," murmured RacheL "I would much rather not.-There? is nothing I would not sooner do-ezcept let you go away thinking so badly of me as yon. do now. 1 don't usually care what people think of me," he added ; "I'm Bare I don't know why I should care now. But you looked Bo terribly shocked! Ithurts me to see: you looking at me in that way. And I shodldtikd to try, if I could, to make you believe that i am not necessarily a bad man, more than other men, though bad enough, because- I fought a duel once and killed my adversary." " Medrdng to kill him," interposed RacheL ''That isthe dreadful part of it!" " Yes; -I meant to kill him. I staked my own''life on the same chance, if tbat'is any justification, but-oh, yes, I meant to kill him, if I could. I had a .reason for ithafc; Miss Fetherstonhaugh. Shall I tell you what it was?" '.'YES," whispered RacheL "Bat how could there beany sufficient reason'for -such a terrible crime T" , ; c "Don't call it a crime," he protested* "That is how they speak of it who know nothing about it-that is how they will re. present all my life, which has been different from theirs-to make you shun and shrihk from me as if I bad the small-pox. Wait till you know a little more." , . He was leaning forward, with an elbow ori his knee, and looking into her face. -She met his_ eyes now in the uncertain moonlight, which was shining on her and not on huh ; and be saw no sign of shrinking yet. " Wttf did you do it?" she asked sorrowfully. j ? "Lone ago," he said, after:a pause, "he and I fell in love with-some one; and did loved him best. At least I think she did-I don't know. Sometimes I fancy she would have cared most for me, if we had had oar chances. Bat we had no chances; I had to give my word of honour not to stand between her and him-not to try to win her, nnless she distinctly Bhowed a preference for mat" "I understand," whispered RacheL She knew this part of the story already. " At any rate/' he continued, "Bhe made choice of him. He sold out of the service and they went away together. I had sold out my* self not long before, and went away too travelling about the world. I was very lonely at that time; I didn't much care where I went or what became of me. It was several years before I saw or heard of her again." " Yesf " And one night, when I had come back home to look after my property, I met her in London streets. It was the middle of winter -it was raining-she was ell alone-she waa almost in rags" " Don't tell me any more!" implored Rachel, beginning to tremble and cry. ? "No," he said, and he drew a long, deep breath, " I can't tell you any more. Only this -she died. I did all I conld to save her, but it was too late. She died of consumption, brought on by exposure and want, and misery of all sorts, a week or two after I found her, And now you know why I killed him. That was why ?" There was a long pause, broken once or twice by Rachel's audible emotion. Shq had still her own views as to tl}e right josticf of what he had done; but she did not djream of the presumption of givipg them jiow^ This tremendous' tragedy of love and reyipnga dwarfed, all her theories of life to the qiterest trivialities. She could only wonder, tremble, and cry. !, " It ia an old, story now," said Mr. Dal! rymple, more gently. '*An£ I try not to think too much"of ii K was all fair, thank Heaven!-I comfort mycielf wtyh' that: could have shot him once l>efore iq Cuudjt: but he waa unprepared then. He did not see me, and I would sot take him at a' disadro% tage. I'tnr not to think of it now. ^pmort want you to think of it either-afterratujghfc Will you try not to? And try not Xo,]eL tffein persuade you that I am quite a fiend,lahanMi shape!" s , Rachel olew her nose for the last' time, pur her handkerchief in her pocket, and sahilea * te^ulsmak " I am afraid you are hot very gtgpd," sne said, shaking her he&d;/ oiit I know you can't be a really wicked m»i" , How do you know itr* he eagerly., -ii'09w? I'meure I den't kndw--I feejit ^'ptenkyou, thank you " he said, in aio^ rapid undertone. You donVknow howl thank yon for saying that ,:£tv .any rate, J have tome rudimen^moMlitT. Iamfcoiefi, , to the beat of my ]^w&v1vb11; no litf tomyr 'self, or to any man-wdinani mtM yw I mean, and what X do I upon, that is. Vr>" And I hbpe you wilL" ' \ hefc'tati ' Bow oftea they thought first strange talk, all alone in that shadowy place. It was aa if they had known one another in some other world, and Had met after long absence; they felt-widely nnlike as they were-so little as strangers usually do beginning a conventional acquaintance in the conventional way. However, it did occur to both of them that it would be as well to go back to the drawingroom before they should bo mifl86cL " I am glad to have had this opportunity," Baid Sir. Dalrymple, who rose first. " I shall hope-I shall feel 6ure-that you will not let yourself be prejudiced unfairly by anything you may hear. For the rest, I hope you will try not to think of this painful story ag&in.; And he be#an to saunter back, and she to Baunter beside him. As they entered the drawingroom by the pIuhh door, they heard Mrs. Hardy calling, Rachel! Rachel! Why, where is Rachel gone to?" The girl glided into the broad, warm light, a little confused and dazzled, and, of course, dyed in blushes, which deepened to the deepest pink of oleanders nay, to the still richer red of that lapageria which htid attracted Mr. Dalrymple's atten tention juBtnow-aa she became conscious of the Morions observation of the assembled Seats, who, Bhe well knew, would not regard is-characteristic demonstration aa lightly as those did who knew her. £ "I am here, Aunt Elizabeth," she replied, in an abject voice, as if she had been caught in something very disgraceful : "?jhl" responded Mrs. Hardy, "I thought yon. weffe gope to bed." She looked sharply at the girls downcast face, and then more sharply at Mr. Dalrymple, who met her eyes with aetately and distant air of not putting lotuBett to the (rouble of remembering who she was that she found very-oifensive and aggravating. " You had better go, my dear," she said peremptorily. " It is late, and you have had a tiring day, I Bhall be having Mr. Kingston complaining if I let you knock yourself up." Rachel was only too glad to say good night and go. The other ladies began to riBe and ?tir about, gathering up fans and fancy work, but Bhe left the room before they had come to any unanimous decision about separating. Mr. Dalrymple held open the door for her. " Good night," she whispered hurriedly, not looking at hint*.. He answered by a strong pressure of her hand in silence. She did not understand it then, but looking back after wards she knew that that first brief hand-clasp stirred tier erstwhile latent woman's soul to life. She was never the same afterwards. TWT an hoar later, when Bhe was sitting by her own fireside, dreamily brushing her long auburn Hair over a blue dressing-gown (blue was her specially becoming colour), Mrs. Hardy tapped at her door, and entered. . " 1 have brought you a little wine and water, dear," sua she, looking very friendly and amiable. " I know you seldom take it, but to-night it will do you good. And Lucilla Bays you are to be sure not to get up to break last ft you fed. tired in the morning." " Oh, thank you, Auntie, bat you know I neoethb in bed! And I am not in .the. very feooMfced.* I have had a delightful day." '. Tes; it has been a pleasant day. I am glad you have enjoyed it so much. I am only Bony we had to bring that Mr. Dalrymple back with us. I consider him a most ob jectionable; a most disreputable, young man -not so very young either; he will never see forty again, unless I am much mistaken. Bat Lucilla and Mr. Thomley are both so much attached to Mrs. Digby; for her sake they are obliged to be civil to him." Rachel was silent "You will, however, be careful, dear, I know, not to get more intimate with him than necessary," Mrs. Hardy continued. " Mr. Kingston would dislike it very much; He is a very wild young man-he has not at *11 a good character." I : " You said Mr. Kingston was wild, Auntie," the girl suggested timidly. It was her sole feeble effort in defence of her absent friend. ' "Nonsense I I'm sure I said nothing of the kind. He is a man whom everybody looks up to. There is no question of com parison between them. At any rate," she added, with solemn severity, " Mr. Kingston has not taken a fellow- creature's life, as this nan him- That is reason enough why we BauBtnone of ns have more to do with him thM^pAi absolutely necessary. You will ICttiember that, Rachel I Be civil to him, my dear, of course; hut no more. I should not hfcjre:allbwed you to come into contact with fcuch tow, if I could have helped it, and we had no.idea of seeing him to-day. However, they 'will all be gone after to-morrow, and you abed hot recognise him again. The Digbys are raining to the dance next week, but Mrs. Hale. says he means to start again for Queens land on Monday. Let us hope they won't break their traces a second time. Good (light/ my dearyou 'will remember what I aay? It ia what Mr. Kingston would wish if he .were here, 1 know." , . And Mni Hardy kissed her niece affec tionately and went away to bed, with a sense bt having done her duty, and without the least suspicion, that, aa a domestic diploma tist; she nad covered herself with disgrace; 