The Open-aik Concert Movement. ? ine programme of a special concert to be pven at the Town Hall this evening will )e found in our advertising columns. We all special attention to it, not merely Because 01 tne cbaractet or tne per formance, which promises to be an excel lent one, but also becanse of the special object to which the total proceeds of the entertainment are to be devoted. It is known to most, if not all, of our readers that the Mayor is exceedingly anxious for the erection of a rotunda in which open-air performances may be given by the Band on summer evenings. The first idea was to have a movable rtructnre, but we trust this will bo abandoned, and that, a suitable locality for the performance shaving been selected, a permanent erection will be put up. Of course this will in reality only be a first step. In order to make the project a lasting success, it Will be desirable that urangements should be made for at least a few seats. It is a great pity that with cur extensive acreage jf Park Lands there is no place at present [there the citizens can promenade with ;omfort in the summer evenings, and at ;he same time enjoy the pleasure of listen ing to the inspiriting music of the Military Band. Because the project which tho Hayor has in hand will, we believe, prove o be the first step towards supplying this rant we very cordially wish it complete access. As the entire proceeds of the oncert this evening are to be devoted o this purpose 'we trust it : will bo argely patronised by the citizens. It hould'be noted that on this oicasion a charge will be made for admission to the gaDery. Aa that part of the hall has been given free at all the Saturday even ing popular concerts which have been held in previous yeare aa well as during j the season just ended, we feel conhdeut that those who have taken advantage of that privilege will not begrudge ' the payment of a small entrance-fee, more particularly a3 the services of all tlr-5 performers are rendered gratuitously, so that the grosa proceeds may be devoted to the object already specified. Hail P±e8ehgbrs. — The following are the passengers booked to leave pet R.M.3. Milwa. on Sunday, November 14 :— For Bombay —Sir George and Miss Kingston. Special Association Match. — The annual match between an eleven of the SJLG. Associa tion and eighteen of the Adelaide and Suburban Association will be played on the Oval this afternoon, and an exciting game may be ex pected. The Senior Association will be weakened by tbe absence of their first eleven in j Melbourne, and it will be interesting to see whether, notwithstanding this lots, they are still strong enongh to lower tbe colours of the junior eighteen. The names of the teams will be found in another column. Messrs P. Sansom and J. Hammer are to act as umpires, and play will begin, ac half-past 1 o'clock. Thb ttTEBCOLOHiix Crickbt Match — The match between Victoria and South Australia was commenced yesterday on the Bast Melbourne Cricket Ground. Our men evidently had plenty of leather -hunting to do, for when the stamps were drawn the Victorian Heven had obtained a score of 804 with the loss of only 6 wickets. Horan made 97 (and is still not oat), Baker 83, Campbell 55, and Coal third 31. Particulars of tbe match will be found in our telegraphic columns. Ths Tows Hall Goncmts.— To-night the first of the three concluding popular concerts j will be given in the Town Hall, under the direction of Mr. George Oughton. On the pre sent occasion Mr. Oughton will be assisted by the Military Band, by the Adelaide Dentscher Quartette Yerein, by the Swedish Trio, and also by several well- known lady and gentleman vocalists, amongst which we notice the name of Miss Minna Fischer. The proceeds arising from tbese concerts are to be devoted towards the erection of a rotunda in some public place for the convenience of a band. Sib Geobob Kkigsto*.— By the outgoing mail steamer Sir George Kingston, accom panied by Miss Kingston, proceeds to Bombiy on a visit for the benefit of his health. He in tends to return in a few months. Adelaide, Glewblg, and Subuhbak Railway Compact. — The ordinary general meeting of this Company was held at the Company's office on Friday afternoon, November 12. The re port and balance-sheet were adopted after a lively discussion. Meaers. G. Boothby, G. Sabine, and W. Mair were elected Directors, and Messrs. James Storrie and W. S. Douglas Auditors. Adkuisb Abchebt Olcb.— Members of the above dab are notified elsewhere that the second prize meeting will be held to-day at Medindie, Ths StnntR Oil thb Kaibkb Bail-wax. — We learn that the drivers who .turned oat on Thursday to join the other men who were on strike have gone back to their work, because they were informed that as they were weekly servants they could not get paid unless they gave & week's notice. The navvies report that they are determined to hold out, and the managing committee have forwarded agents to Giwler, Fort Augusta, and other places, to collect sab jciiptions. They have also put themselves in communication with the Labour League, with & view, not of getting any pecuniary assistance, but of receiving advice aa to how they shall act in the matter. This advice they expect to receive on Monday, when a meeting will be held to hear what the League has to say and to arrange for a fair and equitable distribution of the funds as they may come in. Thb Iktebcolowiai. Kiflb Team. — Colonel Downes has received a telegram from Colonel Anderson, of the Victorian Volunteers, to the effect that the South Australian Rifle Team can have quarters at the Melbourne Barracks during their stay. This is a very courteous concession, and will do much towards reducing the ex penses. The East Adelaide Company of Volun teers (Captain Madley's) have clubbed to pay the expenses of the men from their company who are in the team, and the officers have offered to supplement the amount pound for pound. Lieutenant Beare has given £5 towards the ex pense*. The Mayor has added £5 'to the sub scription already given by him to assist the Norwood representative, and the' clerks in the Government Offices have clubbed together to defray the expenses of the representative from tbe Civil Service Company. It is hoped that the comrades and acquaintances of the repre sentatives from other companies will follow the example of those above mentioned, as it will be no credit to the colony if the members of the team, after sacrificing their time (which to most of them means money) are allowed to be out of pocket over the match 'We understand that; Monday next will be tbe closing date of cheap trips to Melbourne, and several of the team will proceed to Melbourne that day, in order that they may have some practice at tbe Williamstown butts previous to tbe match. Major Lovely will proceed with the team, and take command of them. A fall muster is expected at the farewell practice at Dry Creek this afternoon. The train starts at 2 o'clock. FTJKBBAt OF THB LaTE Ebv. W. COBSUCK. — Tha funeral ceremonies attending the burial of the late Eev. William Cormack, B.C., took place yesterday. The requiem for the dead was sung at 10 o'clock at the Church of St. Lawrence, North Adelaide, after which the funeral cortege proceeded to the West-terrace Cemetery. At tbe Wekt-terrace Chapel the procession was joined by about 800 children, besides a large number of friends. The celebrant of the mass for the dead was the Rev. Father Esser. Father Coonan officiated as Deacon, Father O*Neil as Sub-Deacon, and Father CS alii van as director of the ceremony. Voixhtebb Items.— The ColonelComman dant has in general orders expressed his satis faction at the manner in which tbe officers and men. of the L.M.F. carried out the duties required of them at the sham-fight on November 9 ; but he expressed regret that there were two or three cases of drunkenness, whereby the de linquents not only did much discredit to them' selves, but to a certain extent threw discredit upon the whole force. However, as everything else was carried on in so satisfactory a fashion, tbe Colonel-Commandant has exempted the offenders referred to from punishment, but intimates that on any future transgression of a similar character be will deal out severe penalties, in accordance with the regulations. Bombardier Stacy has been appointed a Supernumerary Ser geant in A Battery of Artillery, for having on the occasion of the sham-fight stuck to his gun so pluckily that he saved it from capsizing into a quarry, the remainder of the detachment having been knocked over in their endeavours to arrest tbe-xnn of the gun, which, while being lowered down a steep descent, had got adrift, and had acquired such, impetus that it was beyond the control of the men.' Officers in charge under similar circumstances are re commended to fix drag-ropes. It has been ordered that whenever the alarm-signal is fired the colour-sergeants of each company should at once turn out tbe bugler, and direct him to sound the ' assembly' in the different streets where men. in the company reside. Captain Fergusson, D.A.A.G., is to give a lecture in the Grote-street Model School on the theory and practice of rifle shooting on Friday, November 2tf, and all recruits are expected to attend. Tin Sobata. — It is -most gratifying to be able to announce that the prospects of saving this valuable steamship are daily becoming nearer to the actual accomplishment. To anyone at all acquainted with the difficulties of floating such a huge ship as the Sorata from such a rocky bed, and in so exposed a locality as Cape Jervis, the undertaking must at once appear gigantic if not impossible. Whatever may be the popular impression as to tne stranding of the vessel, no one can have any doubt whatever as to tbe skill and determina tion exhibited by Captain Fowler since the accident occurred. He has not only conducted the salvage of the whole of the eargo, but alsodirected the operations for floating his vessel, and has succeeded in preparing the Sorata in »uch a manner as to meet the entire approval of Mr. Armit, who was sent out by the Director! of the Company to give his valuable advice in ' salvage matters. A test of the work that has been going on since the completion of the salvage of the cargo was made ou Thursday fore coon, and the result wss considered highly satisfactory, the main hold, in which is the greatest amount of damage, being brought entirely under control. There are now eight powerful steam-pumps erected over the various compartments, and it is confidently hoped th»$ should the weather oa Sunday be favourable the Sorata will then be iloated into safety. COHPLIMEXTi KT BeXBKIT TO Mb. FLBMJtlSO.— On Friday next a complimentary benefit will be tendered by several ladies and gentlemen tc Mr. Herbert Flemming, the popular actor, at the Academy of Music. The performance is undei the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, His Honor tbe Chief Justice, acd other gentle ioen. Thb Assivhbsabt of thb OoLoirr. — A public meeting waa held in the Glenelg1 Institute on Friday evening for the purpose of electing a committee to arrange the sports that are pro posed to take place on December 23. The Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. VT. F. Stock, J.P.). pre- I sided, and on the platform was Mr. VV. Town- ; send, M.P. His Worship said that he was very ' glad to find the matter was being taken up so heartily thia year. One meetiDg last year hid been a failure, and another meeting had to be called to make arrangements. The other anni- ! versary celebrations had been great successes, and he hoped that this would be as great a oue as any. Mr. J. Lee moved that the anniversary ; of the colony should be celebrated at Glenelg, ', and the motion was carried. Mr. Townsend | thought these anniversary gatherings were ; the making of Glenelg, and although he might not be in tne colony on De cember 23, be would still assist them in j every possible way. Mr. E. Ward was j of opinion that these gatherings not only I benefited Glenelg, but the whole of the \ colony as well. If they were to provide i some of tbe EnglUh national games they j would make the place doubly attractive, j He referred to horseracing. What better place could there be for a good hurdle race than tbe beach at Glenelg ? Aud another thing that would popularize the place very much would be to charter a steamer to bring passengers from Southern Yorke's Peninsula. He threw out the suggestions for what they were worth, and he would like to see the committee act upon them ! if they thought, it worth while. His Worship ;' agreed with Mr. Ward's suggestions, Mr. John- j son proposed a committee of about twenty j gentlemen, including the Mayors of Uoley and j Glenelg and the Glenelg Town Council, with ; power to add to their number. One thing, how- j ever, he said, should be done before the holiday ! came round, and that wta to cleanse the drains, ! which were frightfully dirty. If they wanted ' to make Glenelg attractive they wo aid have to j make it clean. Mr, Lee rose to contradict the j statement of the last speaker in respect to the { drains, and said they were all beautifully clean, j (A Voice— 'All ef them?') Well, all but one or two. (Laughter.) They had been thoroughly cleansed only a short time ago. After the usual votes of thanks had been passed the^meeting j broke np. j Wood Posts. — The decay of wood embedded i in the earth is difficult to guard against ; but, j according to an English paper, a simple pre caution, costing neither money nor labour, will ] increase by 50 per cent, the durability of posts put in tbe ground. This is simply by taking care that the wood is inverted— i.e., placed in the opposite direction to that in which it grew. Experiments have proved that oak posts put iu the ground in the same position aa that in which they grew, top upwards, were rotten in twelve years, while their neighbours, cut from the same tree and placed top down wards in the soil, showed no signs of decay for several years afterwards. The theory is that the capillary tubes in the tree are so adjusted as to oppose the rising moisture when the wood is inverted. Dh. Mcecks axd the Mhlbocbnb Social Sciescb CoitORBSS —Dr. Muecke has received the following letter from the Secretary of the Melbourne Social Science Congress, which has j induced him to withdraw his resignation as a member of that body: — 'Melbourne, 4th Ne- | vember, 1880.— Sir — I have the honour, on i behalf of the Council of the Melbourne Social ! Science Congress, to express the deep regret we | all feel that you should have considered it | necessary in order to vindicate your self-respect j as the subject of a gallant, learned, and eati- i mable nation — whose kinship every Englishman must feel pride in acknowledging — to resign your membership of our Congress because of au observation which escaped the President of the Education Department (the Right Rev, the Bishop of Melbourne) in tbe course of his address on the 12th ult. That observation was duly and emphatically challenged at tbe time by the Hon. Rowland Rees, M.P., of your own colony, as well as by other speakers, of whose objections a report will appear in the published ' Transactions of the Congress.' On tbe day following tbe report of the address attention was pointedly called in the public papers by the Rev. Mr. Herlitz, of this city, to the statement objected to by yourself; and Mr. Herlitz's letter was met by a rejoinder from the Bishop, the terms of which are so frank and explicit as (I am sure you will agree) to leave no room for futtoer com plaint. I forward the newspapers containing the correspondence on the subject. I merely ex press the views of the Council when I say that we have hoped to render tbe proceedings of the Dtpartment of 'Agriculture, &c.;,' the most characteristically Australian in the Congress. This hope ha? been encouraged in part by the enthusiasm with which — in spite of many diffi culties — the Baron von Mueller, K.C.M.G., the senior Vice- President of tbe department, has entered into the spirit of this great under taking. It has been encouraged, too, by the bflitf that we should have the hearty coopera tion of yourself and of those whom you can induce to render us assistance from South Aus tralia. In this, I trust, we shall not be disap pointed, the more so as it has been practically decided to establish tbe Congress on a perma nent basis, to meet annually in the different Australian capitals in turn. I now beg to enclose your card of membership, in the earnest belief that the Congress will not be deprived of those services which your great experience and your high reputation so eminently qualify you to render. — I have, &c.;, J. S. Elxwgtur, Hon. General Secretary.' South Australian Mutual Lira Assurance Socibtt. — In our business columns will be found tbe prospectus of the above newly formed Society. No Assurance Society on the mutual principle has hitherto been projected in this colony, although they exist in Victoria and New South Wales. Tbe success of kindred Societies has induced certain of our leading colonists to place similar privileges within the reach of the general public here, and it may be anticipated that a large number of persons will become policy-holders. Adblaidi ahd Scbpbbajt Teahway.— The number of passengers carried on this line for the week ending November 11 was 66,796. CrxpABLR OABBLsesKBes. — We are informed by tbe police authorities that scarcely a sight passes but that constables find the doors of some business premises open, or the key on the outside of the lock. This carelessness on the part of persons who are responsible for the ssfety of the various establishments is most re prehensible, affording as it does so much temp tation to dishonest persons to enter and commit thefts. Theatbb Rotal.— The comic opera 'EMS. Pinafore' was again presented to a large house at the Royal on Friday night, and it took immensely. Miss Klia May appeared as Jose phine, and performed her part remarkably well. If there was a lack of the sprightliness which has distinguished those who have previously taken the part, it must be borne iu mind that it waa a first appearances, and undoubt edly those who appreciate good singing could not but be pleased at the manner in which Miss May rendered several of the songs in her part. Tbe audience favoured her with an encore for her effort in tbe trio in the second act, which was very well deserved. Signor Verdi, aa usual, wss encored for his artistic rendering of the serenade tong, PbOFSSSOB PEFPEb'S EKTHHTAErHHJTr. — On Friday sight there was a large attendance at Professor Pepper's entertainment at Garner's Theatre. The usual programme was varied by a most interesting experiment with a diamond. The precious stone, which was supplied by Mr. Hay, jeweller, was burnt in oxygen, to show that it is really combustible and pure carbon after all. While the diamond was burning it emitted a betutiful rose-coloured light, and in every respect the experiment was highly successful. The wonderful ghost was afterwards exhibited,' also the spectral sketches of Cupid and the love-letter and the lovers and the umbrella, besides the shadow pintomime and views of Afghanistan. Photographs of special illusions, taken by Mr. Dobson's instantaneous apparatus, were distributed amongst the audience, and those who go to the enter tainment to- night are promised a similar gift. The Professor gives his last performance in Adelaide this evening, and the programme con tains tome special attractions. Removal. — Mr. C. E. Tidemann, auctioneer, has removed to new premises in Victoria squaro west MiuTAfiT Dkkoxstbatiox.— In our adver tising columns will be found tbe programme of the sports to take place at the military de monstration on New Tear's Day at Gawler. Bramr Cohckbt. — A vocal and instrumental concert is to be given in the Albert Hall, this afterneoD, for the benefit of the people con nected with the Theatre Royal who have been ill for a considerable time past. Mr. Harcourt Lee, R.A.M., will act as musical director, and the following ladies and gentle | men will take part in the proceedings :— Madame ' Rose Hersee. Madame Robertson, Mr. Arzces | Beaumonf, Mr. G. Verdi, Mr. C. H. Templeton, ! Mr. C. E. Mumme, Signor Savrini, and the ! male members of the Opera Chorus. I Mb. Btexhit's Camtaioh at Post Ads : LUDE. — To-day and to-morrow are the ltst days ' of Mr. Burnett's campaign at Port Adelaide. ; There will be a procession this evening to Glan ville, where a mass meeting will be held. A i gathering will afterwards assemble under the ! Mayor's presiJency in the Town HalL To | morrow afternoon Mr. Burnett preaches on the i Semaphore beach, in the evening on the ! Maclaxen Wharf, and af serwards in the Wes j leyan Church. Bijxi Match.— Tbe fourth prize meeting of i he Rifle Club connected with 0 Company | ? Captain Madley's), Adelaide Rifles, was held \ - in Saturday last at tbe Glenelg Ranges, kindly : ? jiven np for tba occasion by Captain Niish. j The ranges fired &t; were 400, 500, and 600 yard?f j ive shots at each distance. The inring was ' , ander the immediate supervision of L'^utenint ? [Tlark (commanding O Company) and Lieu tenant Peterswald. Thirty-four riflemen shot it the meeting, and the match was well ' :onte«ted. It was a condition that no ' 1 ccan taking an aggregate could receive i range prize aud nice term. JJs a con- ; leqnence of the liberality of the H'ju. W. . Morgan, the Hon. Henry Scott, and Mr. W. K. , Simms, M.P., patrons of the club, and other \ ;enklemen taking an interest in ritle shooting, \ the club has never been at any previous meeting in want of prizes, and the present competition ' was no exception in that respect. The i prizes were distributed by Mr. John ', ttoule, at a general meeting of the club held at the Central Model Schools, Grote- ] street, on Tuesday evening. The following is a ' list of the prize takers : — 400 yards — Private '? rUeemsnn, 19 ; Private Watson. 19 ; Private ' Haylock, 18. 500 yards— Private Hosking, 17 ;' Private Trickey, 16 ; Private Je&nes;, 15. 6X) ', yards — Corporal Herbert, 18 ; Private McLean, 17 ; Colour-Sergeant Chsason, 17. Aggreg^te^ — ' Private George Mitchell, 49 (prize presented by Mr. Moule) ; Private Taylor, 47 ; Private Car- '? geeg, 47 ; Private Starnes, 46 ; Private Herron; ' 41 (prize presented by Mr. Hugo Fisher) , Private Glastonbury, 39 ; Lieutenant Clark, 38. Call to Arms. — The alertness of the volun teers w&s; tested on Thursday night by a call to arms without the slightest warning having been previously given as to when such an event would take place. Au alarm-gun waa fired between 8 and 9 o'clock on Thursday night, and alittle over 200 volunteers turned out — some in uniform, and Borne in plain clothes. There were only four officers present— viz., Lieutenant Coloiiel Mathews. Captain Solomon, and Lien tenants Drew aad Strotner. Mr. Strother represented the Civil Service Company of the Rifle Association, and there were also others of tbe Association present. After ample time had been allowed for the men to master, they were marched aleng North-terrace and down Flinders-street by way of King 'William street, led by the military band. It is a curious thing that the alarm gun was heard better in the suburbs than in the city, although it was fired , on the North-terrace parade-ground. j Fanct Faie for St. Petbr's Schoolroom, GLB5BLG.— This Fair, opened on Tuesday, No- , vember 9, and continued for the two days fol- : lowing, has been most successful. The room during the evenings has been crowded, and such ' a business done that the takings together with ' the result of the auction which is to take place on Saturday, will be amply sufficient to estin- ! guiih the debt on the building. : Majotcsi Det Dock. — The repairs to the steamer Corowa were completed.on November 10 j in this dock, and she was taken out during the t afternoon. The Mannum punt was then ttken in for the purpose of being caulked, &c.; It is anticipated that it will take about a week to : repair it, and the barge Mary Ann will then be ' taken in, also for repairs. Everything wai ; found to work smoothly in taking the vessels in ; aiid letting them out, [the dock being perfectly j tight, and the large centrifugal pump emptying : it in less than three hoars. ! Home foh I»cuBAar-ES. — We have been re- : quested by the Committee of this institution to call the attention of tbe public to the advertise ment in another column soliciting contributions in aid of the ' Home.' A new building, which will afford considerably increased accommoda tion, is now nearly completed, and f ands are needed both to clear this of debt and to meet increased cost of maintenance The Home has ' a great claim on the sympathy and support of the public, as it ia intended for a class of suf ferers far whom otherwise the Destitute Asylum ' would alone provide a refuge. j Cueious Occurrence at Stbathalhtx. — On . Sunday morning a rather aged womin, long . resident in Stratbalbyn, was missed from her ! home ; the whole of her clothes which she wore i when she retired the previous night being found in her bedroom. A lad, her nephew, who | boards with her, seemed at a loss to account tor ? his aunt's disappearance, and especially in such ] a manner. After having consulted with some i friends, he informed Corporal Nalty of the fact, j and he with several others formed search parties | —seme searching every adjicent hill and glen, I and others dragging various parts of the Angas j River — but all without avail. As the evening j closed iD, however, the woman returned dressed as when she left her home the previous night— in her nightgown, with a bag thrown over her ! shoulders. She informed the corporal, who was i at her house considering what further steps to ! take for her discovery, that at about midnight | on Saturday she heard a cow in her garden, ! when she got up, threw a bag over her shoul- j ders, and went out to drive tbe animal away, ! when she fell and struck her head so badly that she was bewildered, and wandered about, not knowing where, until she found herself in an unoccupied hut on the Dry Plains, some few miles away ; that she 1 ad remained tnere during tbe Sunday, and tbei returned iu the evening as described. Our c- Respondent adds— I am ! told she said it was he : forehead which received tbe blow spoken of, but that no mark of any concussion appears. Ekmabiablb Escabe.— Mr. T. H. Williams, police trooper of Jamestown (according to the local Btview), had a serious accident, which was at the same time a marvellous escape, on Satur- i day last. On that day Mr. Williams, in com- | pany with another townsman, was near the outer boundary of the Western Park, and stopped to have s shot at a bswk. He had no j sooner pu lied tbe trigger than a rattling explo- j sion threw him on the ground, and he found his j left hand severely lacerated and bleeding. On l recovering himself a little, Mr. Williams saw that the right barrel of the gun was missing, the left one being still hangiDg to the frag- ] ments of tbe stock, which was very much shat- ! tered. This barrel was bent in a most extra- j ordinary manner but still contained its original ; charge of powder and shot. Tbe locks were botfe blown away, and we believe have not yet been found. The gun was th6 property of Mr. HeDderson, our local postmaster, and had been j not long before purchased from a well-known gunmaker, who guaranteed the excellence of its manufacture and condition. Mr. Williams is of course well used to firearms, and is, morever, ex ceedingly careful in the management of them. He loaded with only a small charge of powder and the usual quantity of Bhot, and all this makes it extremely difficult to account for the accident. Oar idea, after an examination of the fragments of the gun, is that b flaw must have existed nesx the breech of tbe right barrel and on the side nest the other one. This being broken through would, of course, admit the explosion into the gaps between the two barrels, from which, there being no vent, it tore away the straps and wrenched the barrel clean off. In any case the escara of Mr. Williams is most remarkable. He of course promptly sought medical assistance, and hi hand is now in a fair way of recovery. Thb Waxworks. — A notice elsewhere inti mates that the waxworks will not open as advertised, in consequence of the non- arrival of additional attractions. West Tobbess Football Club. — The annual dinner of the West Torrens Football Club waa held at the Foresters' and Squatters' Arm?, Thebarton, on Wednesday evening, November 10\. There «u a fair attendance, and Mr. E. J. Ronald, President of the Club, occupied the chair, and Mr. W. Hemmingway the vice-chair. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts were honoured, and tbe Honorary Secretary (Mr. G. H. 8trutton) read the report, which showed that tbe club was in a very flourishing condi tion. Several songs and recitations were rendered, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. Pocltbt Stock.— Mr. Gerald Jay, who is something of an enthusiast in poultry, has brought over with him from Melbourne some pens of buff Cochins and Hondans for breeding purposes. The Hoadans, especially the male bird, are fine specimens &f; that active and productive breed ; the buff Cochins are young, but promise to develop into good reliable stock. Mr. Jay has a place at Walkerville well suited for poultry raising, If he ct.ose to undertake it His grounds, which are pretty extensive, include part of the River Torrers, where the ducks and geese can revel in tfce water to any extent, as tbe poultry yard slopes down into the stream. Amoagit the birds in the yard there are some noticeable crosses between tbe dark Brahma and Dorking breeds, resulting in fine solid fowls for table beiDg raised. Attention paid to the breeding of such birds for the market on the part of people who seed in supplies would cause poultry to be more generally consumed, and give the consumer a better return for his money. j Livb Stock Statistics.— The quarterly re ! turn of the number of live stock imported into ! and exported from South Australia daring the : quarter ended September 30 is as follows:— Imports: Sheep — From New South Wales, ? £3,061 ; from Victoria, 6,637=59,693. Cattle— '? From New South Wales, 1.S57 ; from Queens land, 4,044; from Victoria, 195 =7,549. Horses— From New South Wales, 493 ; from Queensland, ! 252; from Victoria, 956=1,601. The total ex ports of live stock were 290 sheep, of which 249 , went to New Scuth Wales and 41 to Victoria.. j Pejestslutifk. — Mr. W. Edwards, the : champion long-distance walker of Australia, j arrived by the Aiding* yesterday, and intends to give a public exhibition of his powers towards I tbe cod of next week. Ofexiso. or thb ODnFHLLOws Hall, tfEAWffs.— On Tuesday, November 9, the ' tbove-named hall was declared dnly opeaed by Sir. J. Cheriton, J.P., in tbe presence of a largft j soncourse of people. Mr. Chen ion, having given j i short address congratulating the Meadotvs Jddfcllows on having so commodious a building ? ;n which to hold their own and other meetings, : ailed for three cheers for the Queen and three : note for the Prince of Wales and the rest of the iojal Family, which was vociferously responded ? o. After tne National Anthem hid been sueg he brothers reformed and marched to the jicnic ground, where a good programmeof sports s&a; gone through, the successful competitors io ithicn, were as follows: — Quoits— J. Wheedoa, is. Mile rare— 1st prize, 12a. tJJ., F. Elliott ; :nd prize, 5s., J. Johnson. Flatrace, quarter ; nile— 1st prise, 10s, Jar vis; 2nd prize, 5s, J. tloobin. Hurdle race, 2 JO yard*, 4 ft. high- 1st jrize, 7s. tk)., Jarvis ; 2nd prize, 3s. tiiL, J. ? bfcobin. Bovs' flatrace, under 12 years of age. ; .'00 yards— 1st prize, 5s., M. Coaliu; 2nd ! jrize, 2s. 6d., L. Hoobin. Boys' fl*t- ; race, unfler 16 sears, half-mile — l»t prize, 5s.. '? B. O'Loughlln ; 2nd prize, 2s. 6d., W. H. Jones. ? Egg-and-tpoon race, 50 yards— Prize, 5«, T. I boater. Running high jump— 1st prize, 7s., J. j Johnson; 2td prize, 3a. 6&. T. Rogers. Tug-of- | »«— Prize, 20s., T. O'Loughhn's side. Tilting —1st prize, 10»., Martin ; 2 ad prize, 5s., Hughes. Wheelbarrow race, 100 yards — 1st prize, 5s., Selth ; 2nd prize, 2s., J. S. Jjnes, jun. Staud ing high jump — 1st prize, 5a., J. Hoobin ; 2nd prize, 3s., T. O'Loughlin. There were several Jther events of minor importance. A large marquee was erected, in two compartments, in which refreshments were provided, and the votaries of Terpsichore had tbe string bind to administer to their amusement. The sports went off rather tamely at first, but as the afternoon wore on they became livelier, and there must j have been at least S00 people on the ground. As dusk approached they began to move towards the hall, and long before the time to open the committee were convinced by the crowd around the doors that their packing abilities would be tested to the utmost. Extri seats were procured and filled, and yet more visitors came until every available seat was occupied, and the aisle full of those' who were content to stand. All parts of the district wtre represented, and about fifty visitors from Port Adelaide and the city were there also. The entertainment was presided over by Mr. J. Cheriton, who filled this position also at the dinner. The programme of music, songs, and dances was well carried out by the fallowing ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide and the Port:— Miss Murray, Mr. J. W. Channon, Miss King, Misa Wilson, Mr. Filsell, Mr. and Mrs. Jones, Miss Vandepeer, Mr. Fleetwood, Mrs. tikinner, Mr. Price. After a very comprehen sive vote of thanks, which included all who had taken part in any of the proceedings, brought the entertainment to a close, the company sang ' God save the i^ueen.' Afterwards a ball was beld in the hall, which was well patronised, m&oy; continuing dancing until it was time to get aboard the omnibus for the return to town. Tte affair realized about £60. CONTRACTORS AND BUILDERS' ASSOCIATION.— The annual meeting of this Association was held on Friday afternoon, at the Exchange. Mr. Theodore Hack, J.P., presided. Mr. A. Simpson was elected a member. It was resolved that the first annual dinner of the Association should be held as early as possible, and that the Com- missioner of Public Works, the Engineer-in- Chief, Architect-in-Chief, and other leading Government officials connected with the carry- ing out of public works, as well as the principal private engineers and architects, should be invited to attend. A sub-committee, con- sisting of the President (Mr. Hack) and Messrs. Jones, Swan, and Harry, was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. A letter from Mr. John Robb, covering drawings of the Victor Harbour works, was received and read. Mr. Robb. who was present as Vice- President, explained to the members by diagrams the character of the works and the extent to which they had been carried out up to the present time. The President stated that at the last meeting he had called attention to the circumstance that some of the architects of the city were desirous of joining the Association, if it were understood that they were eligible for election. Some discussion ensued, and it was eventually unanimously resolved that, having regard to the harmonious relations subsisting between the architects and builders of the colony, it would be very desirable to hold out inducements to architects and engineers to join the Association, especially as their opinions would be of great value in determining the numerous questions relating to the interpretation of contracts which were constantly referred to the Association for advice or decision. The formal business re- lating to the election of fresh officers for the ensuing financial year was deferred till the next meeting. Death at the Hospital.— On Friday even ing Michael Godwin, a man in tbe employ of Mr. Trew, of Beach wood, near Stansbary, died at tbe Hospital from the effects of an accident which be received a few weeks ago. It appears that about tbe close of October he, in companv with a fellow- labourer named Thomas Lynch, received instructions from his employer to go to the township for the purpose of getting stores, and before starting went into an adjoining paddock to obtain a harness horse. Unable to find one, how ever, they took Mr. Trew's hack, placed him in the dray, and set off. Being unaccustomed to such work, the animal, after proceeding a short distance, became frisky, and a portion of the harness becoming undone the horse bolted. Lynch, who was driving, called to the deceased to look out,ss it was impossible Jor him to bold the horse, and leaped out of the dray. Deceased, it seems, followed his example, but on reaching the ground he through some cause or other sustained a severe compound fracture of the leg. Mr. Trew happening to be near the spot, had the deceased taken up aud conveyed to the nearest hotel, and Dr. Vonnida was sent for. Upon arrival the doctor ordered the unfortunate man's removal to the Adelaide Hospital, and he was conveyed thence by the steamer on the following morning. Symptom* of gangrene set in very quickly, and he died at the Hospital yesterday morning. Deceased, who was regarded by Mr. Trew as a very valuable servant, leaves a wife and six children, with the prospect of a seventh within a short time. They are in utterly destitute cir enmstances, having been left totally unprovided for, and much sympathy is felt for the poor woman in consequence. As the witnesses were at such a long distance, and aa the deceased's wife was unable to make the jonrney, the Coroner regarded an inquest unnecessary. Suddex Death. — Johanna Baker, an elderly person between 70 and 80 years of age, died suddenly on Friday morning in the row of cottages on East-terrace known as Peacock's Buildings. The City Coroner made en quiries into the matter, and was informed that the deceased, assisted by her daughter, gained a livelihood by mangling. She was following her usual avocation yesterday morn ing, when she suddenly dropped down and immediately expired. There being nothing about the case of a suspicious character the Coroner did not consider an inquest necessary. Salisbcbt Tocnq Men's Societt. — The annual conversazione given by the above Saciety was held on Wednesday evening in the Salis bury Assembly Hail, when the very crowded attendance bore testimony to the continued popularity of these pleasant gatherings, as also to tbe interest taken in tbe Society, many of tbe yidtors being from other townships and j localities. The openisg overture was nicely executed upon the piano by Misses Norman and | Hughea. The President of the Society, Rev. J. i R. Ferguson, then i;ave a brief address, in ' dicatiDg the uninterrupted success which has ; attended the Society during the many years of ; its existence, and its great advantage to young | men. Members of the Tonic Sol-fa Class next j gave a gke, 'The Gipsy's Tent.' in good style. i Mr. H. Urlwin followed with an original [ hnmorous recitation, which provoked much laughter. Then followed a song by Mrs. Rey ! nolds, a soene from ' The Earl of Warwick' by Messrs. Hooper, Wittber, and S. J. Swarm, an instrumental duet by Misses Campbell and Hastwell, a comic scene by a deputation from the Golden Grove Society, and a song by Mr. Wittber. After an interval, Misses Norman ' and Campbell gave an overture on the piano. Dr. MacLachian followed with a humorous reading, ' John Davidson,' and the Tonic Sol-fa , Class saDg the glee ''Angel of Hope.' Then came another scene by the Golden Grove gentle men ; a song by Mrs. Reynolds ; s scene by '. several members of the Society, Messrs. H. : TJrlwiD, E. Moes, and E. Coker being the prin cipal performers ; the duet ' Gently sighs the Breeze,' by the Misses Hughes ; and a recita tion, 'Leonidas,' by Mr. S. Pedlsr — all of which wtre well received. During the evening a comber of conundrums were read in competi tion, the Drizetaker being Mr. J. Whitbread. Mrs. Wm. Urlwin was awarded n prize for the : best fiycatcher worked with beads ; and Mr. S. ? J. Swann obtained the essay prize^ — subject, I ' The Qualifications Requisite for a Member of the Legislature.' The singing of the National Acthcm closed a most successful entertain ment. 