A DANGEROUS PRACTICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-I daresay many of your readers have seen heavy dray, laden with timber pass up our streets Pitt-street for instance with the planks, some 20 or 30 feet in length, running out on either side of the horse) far beyond the breadth of the vehicle, from an angle formed by their union at the back. I am sure they cannot but have viewed these ill-favoured carriages " with dread, and wondered at their existence in the midst of a well-conditioned multitude. They say, " Ignoi antiajuris non excuses," but the police authorities might easily overlook the following enactment in the midst of their arduous administrations-the Police Act, 17 Victoria, No. 25, section 22, enacts that " if any person........shall Buffer any timber, stone, or other thing, which shall be carried, principally or in part, upon wheeled carriages. to hang over any part of any such carriage, so as to occupy or obstruct the street or road beyond the breadth of the said carriage, every such person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, a sum not exceeding forty shillings," &c.; I beg, therefore, to call our worthy officers' attention to the matter, and trust that the remedy provided will be found effectual. Yours, etc, A. W. T.' July 13. AN UNFORTUNATE WHITE WHALE The Duke of Sutherland has presented to the Museum of the Royal College of Surgeons the skull of a white whale (Lclphvnaptcrus leases) taken alive near Dunrobin, which presents a most remarkable evidence of an old extensive injury and subsequent recovery. This cetacean has been but very rarely observed in the British seas, and there would seem to be but one other recorded instance of one having been caught alive. The specimen in question was, writes the Rev. Dr. Joass, of Golspie, found close to the salmon nets near the Little Ferry about three miles to the westward of Dun robin, on the 9th of June, 1879. It was caught by the tail between two short posts, to which a stay rope of a net was fastened, and a salmon of 18 lbs. weight, which was supposed to have been the object of its pursuit, was found in front of it. It measured 12 feet in length. In its effort, to escape it had broken its back between the third and fourth lumbar ver- zebras, and it had a recent wound on the front of its head, nearly five inches long and three broad. It was seen two days before its capture, and the fisherman seeing it ap preaching against the ebb took it for a ghost. Professor 'lower, in exhibiting the prepared skull to the Zoological Society of London, stated that the skeleton showed that the whale had been a perfectly adult animal, that the atlas had been dislocated off the occipital candles, and his completely so, and the bones had afterwards become firmly fixed by deposits of new body matter in such a way as to enormously narrow the aperture for the passage of the spinal cord. There was no appearance whatever of any disease of the bones, and there could be no reasonable doubt but this dislocation was the result of accident. It is certainly difficult to imagine how Such an accident could have happened ; such a dislocation is often brought about by a fall on one's head, but aquatic animals are not liable to such a catastrophe even, thinks Professor Flower, a violent collision of the head against a rock or ship could scarcely have brought it about. It seems marvellous that after such an accident the unfortunate whale could have contrived to pursue and capture living prey. For a time it would almost seem certain its general powers must have been interfered with. After recovery its head was fixed quite awry on its body, and this may account in some men ever e for its wandering so far from its natural home, and for the facility of its capture Times. 