THE CENSOESHIP OF THE THE ATRE INiVIOTORIA. A iTOLiTiOAL play entitled ' The Happy iLand ' was produced in Molbourne last week, which was supposed to reflect somowhat on Mr. Graham Berry and Lia colleagues, whereupon he issued orders at once to interdict this play. The subjeot was brought up for discussion in the Vic torian LiegiBlative Assembly by Mr. Uaunson, on the 21stinstant, and.cn the following day tbo jlr.gtis commented upon it in the following strain-.: — ' The Chief Secretary, in Parliament, yesterday, favoured the country with his rea sons for prohibiting the play entitled 'The Happy Land.' Jt.is hardly necessary to say that the hon. gentleman, gave two reasonB which were quite different tho orjo from the other, because that is his constant practice. In tho first instance, he said he stopped the performance because it was a part of the tactics of the Opposition. Ho is slan dered in the House, ho iis slandered in the press, and the conspirators proceeded to slander him on tho stage. Hon. mem bers unfortunately he cannot reach, though he clears the galleries when he disapproves of their utterances. The Press also is beyond his power, and it goes so far ns to bring an action foe elttnder against him, aud to obtain avcrdict in a court 'of law. But he. can reach the stage, ncd he will. ' I feel liko a Minister at last,' are the words whioh it appears the hon. gentle moa used when he .-signed-' Xho 'Happy Land ' interdict. ' It is monstrous, hourged yesterday, that public men should be ridiculed and popular government made absurd, aud therefore he interfered. But fire minutes afterwards Mr. Berry was assuring hon. memberB that he was not animated by political feeling at all, but that he was -credibly iuformed that 4be per formance would lead to a breach of tho peace, and it was on this plea that ultimately he de cided to rest the case. From this stand point it appears that he was indifferent to the personal ridicule, and cared little for the hints at demagogic government, but his duty was to prevent brawling and fighting in a public place. Unfortunately, however, the (acts are hero against the hon. gentleman. Heeduld not havo. stopped tho piece aB performed for any such reason, inasmuch as it was played twice without any uproar being occasioned at all. Tho conduct of the Berry Government in the Assembly hjis more than onco gone near to provoke a breach. of the peace, and the proceedings in the House last night might very well have been stopped on. that account, but the burlesque of tho Berry Ministry at the Academy of Music led to no disturbance whatever. The only shouts were those of laughter, and probably it was this oircumstance that, moBt irritated tho Chief Secretary. Mr. Servioo said that he would have felt it his duty to staud up and denounco the conduct of the Government in no measured terms but for the circumstanco that the text of the play aa published did contain one passage of four lines which was objectionable, and it may be admitted that the lines in question refleot little credit upon the writer. If they had been spoken, we have no doubt that the audience would have prohibited their utterance again, but the passage was pot given. It waB published in tho Ministerial organ, but it formed no part of the noting play, because managers ara often wiser and aotors more modest than authors. The play, as acted, is what has to be pronounced upon, and every unprejudiced witness will admit that the play, as acted, contained no fun and no satire broader than that in the comic opera of ' Pinafore.' The grounds on which Ministers ostracise a portion of the press have been Btated, and, hypocrisy apart, so it is- with the stage. Hits against ' Bent and Gaunson ' would be freely tolerated. What tho Government desire, to alter the Attorney-Gentral's dictum by a word, is ' a patriotic theatre that supports Us.' ' The Melbourne Telegraph of January 20 gives the following accouut of tho second per formance of this piece at the Academy of Music: — 'The second performance of 'The Happy Land' filled every part of tho Academy of Music last night, and from first to last it was received with uproarious oheers and laughter. Mr. Deering made an excellent point upon being asked by one of the fairies who he was, nnd replying, ' Before I was pro hibited I was a Minister.' The ' Continuous Breakdown,' which was danced to an imitation locomotive engine accompaniment, convulsed the audience. The opening scene in the seoond aot, where, through tho beneficent rule of a celestial Barry Government, the stone lions at the entrance of tho Parliament House are 1 starring,' and the offects of successive plebi eeita are seen in there being No Governor, No Judges, No Polios. No Gas, No Water, No Publichouses, aud No Anything was applauded to the echo. The Ghost of the Sixpence carried in the hand of sin Avenging Nemesis in the person of AfricanuB, whioh arises liko ' A very Daniel come to judgment,' brings the satire to a ridiculously funny finale. It was confidently asserted in the corridor of the Acadomy last night that Mr. Berry bas some pecuniary, interest in the success of the ' Happy Land,' hence the extraordinary steps taken, which he expected would be repented by an English community. Wo hasten, however, to Cuntradiot this rumour aa untrue, as well as the further one, that Mr. Berry's determina tion to embody the sixth olause in his last re form bill, is owing to the faot that it is the sixth clause in the 'Theatre Statute' that oon {era upon the Chief fieorotary such arbitrary aud unlimited' power. Detective O'Callsghan waa waiting at the tbeatre all last evening to nereo notice on Mr. Q Menra, the lessee, but that gentleman being, by a lucky coincidence, called away upon, urgent private business, tho uotico— the exact nature of which is not known — was not served. EXPOHTATION OB ?-. LlVB OaTTJUE FROM AUS THALIA. — the Times supplies the following re markable piece df newa : — ' A Liw«rpool firm of cattle importers have at present on the way a iliipment of live cattle from Melbourne hb an experiment. It has been found that eueep and milch cows brought from tho antipodes for use on u, voyage hace almost invariably improved in eoniKtiou during the passage, ho that the successful importation of Australian cattle iuto tho country reducco itsolf to a question of frieght. The cargo referred to is understood to be purchased in Australia at about £4 a head, arid the coet of transport is £10 a head, bo thnt each head of cuttle, it iB expected, will bo laid down in Liverpool for £14. American cattle often reach thia country in better con dition tbnn cattle from Ireland and the Con tinent, and those engaged in tho trade cl.im that tho sea voyage ia positively benefioial to them after they have once got over the cub tomary sickness. In that case the mere length of tho voyage will not necessarily prevent tho transport of cattle from Australia. 