TOWN TALK King Thebau, the amiable' monarch who rules, or ruled (for there is some question of his being still in the flesh) over the kingdom of Burmah, hit lately upon an ingenious plan to prevent the spread of small pox in his dominions. He had 700 men, women, and children buried alive, and not one of these took the infection. Thebau might have given his happy thought such an exten sion as to have completely, stamped out the small pox by leaving it nothing to prey upon. ^ Mrs. HankA3i Beeoin must be added to the list of those "."who labour under the delusion that the law against bigamy ttiay bo .broken without let as longas the law breaker publicly announces his or her intention of going in for the infraction.. Mrs. Bergfat advertises that, as her husband John- has been on French leave for four years, sho intends to get married again unless the said John'turnB up within the next three months, or better a till, sends her some moneys The health officer at Bdckhampton and the resident surgeon of the hospital at that place have recommended that all immigrants should, on arrival, be kept at least one week at the quarantine station " for regular. freBh diet, washing, and airihg/' before; being allowed to enter the town. The object of tiieao doctors is probably to get rid of tho strong odour of "limejuioe'-' which pervades the newly-arrived after a long voyage. New arrivals will pro. bably fail to see the necessity for this compul sory purification. , j It Is little wonder that residents in' . the capital take so little interest in cricket'when the avowed votaries of the noble game so often treat it with contempt. The second portion of a match between two prominent elevens was played last Saturday, and on one side only seven out of the eleven who played on the first day put in an appearance. This is absolutely dishonourable. It is a case of obtaining spec tators under, false pretenoes. Tho wretohed scores our cricketers make is, as a rale, enough to bring crioket into contempt without this kind of breach of faith. Editobs sometimes make excuses for th« non-appearance of matter, Which ought to be takes cum grant. The editor; of the CooHowit Courier, however, scorns to heat , about the bush, and when his " locals" are limited makes a clean breast of the cause. This is what he said in a recent issne"To'oor Headers.— We must crave the kind ingnlgenoe,of our' readers for the limited amount of local news in this issue. Having; to peuorm at two enter tainments, and yesterday1 being Good Friday, must be our excuse." He would be a carping subscriber who would grumble at the limited supply of his literary pabulum after that. Tee readers of the New England papers are constantly amused by the raoy little passages of arms whiuh take place between the opposi tion prints. The ecVtor of one of the Inverell papers the other day informed its readers that he was not in a position to give them an account of the racing at the Picnio Club meeting, because the usual courtesy to the Press had not been. extended to him. The editor of the Incerell Herald denies this statement. He un derstands that the club's nsual conrtesy was extended to the other editor. "H6 was not invited last year, and he was not invited on this ocoasion." That explanation ought to have- satisfied tho other editor. Joint Mortill, near Aramac, must be re garded as an exceedingly luoky man. He seems to have as many lives as tho prover bial cat. Ho told tho Chief of the Police at Aramac a 6tory the other day which must rather have astonished that officer. He related that on the 11th instant three men asked him for a sheep, and on his refusing to accede to their request they vented their dis appointment by firing three revolver shots at him, which all passed through his clothes without iujuring him. John Hortill is the sort of man that any insurance company, would bo glad to set hold of. ' Is it possiMe that John Mortill dreams dreams, either.sleep ing or waking ? aud are the- police making aotive search for those three vindiotive: and bloodthirsty men ? , To . what follies 'will not Fashion lead her votaries. :.Somo ladies " at home,", with . more time and money than wit, have taken to dress , their pet dogs up in rich garrnen ts. This is * " dress""for a toy terrier, described in one of' the journals dovoted. to fashions ^" Carmen velvet coat, richly embroidered in crewels, bound with silver oord, tho crest and initials of. the owner worked on the front in raised silver. Hair on forehead caught up and tied, with ribbon falling over the back, collar of red: ribbon, ornamented with silver bells." A duok of a dross. An Italian greyhound has " a coat of navy bluo volvet embroidered in gold braid, adorned with uauie aud crest, lined with squir rel's fur, aud bouud with swans" down)'gill ' collar and bells." Isn't this quite too awfully , delicious? ■ { ^OKOB-'more'^we"asjc, ■•'WhkVis'Tii^a;n"ame f1. ThV reaidenlg of " Tararbo^um-fiireei;, TilleyjT appear'to thmlc tHbrti; is a'great deal in Vname -^a'great dealtboThucb*, in fact. A'!story bail' been' long'"iricirculatiohthat'the'street fir questioiPfa '.haunted by the ghoBt'of an ip'df-' yldu'al0 Who"'was murdered there some' time * backhand' this' alleged visitant'from theother world is producing a depreciatory effect on the' rents. L. So the Municipal Council has been.' petitioned to allow the name of the thorough*1 fare to be'changed to " Robert- street." Aider*' man Tborhe Very rightly pr&tested; against' wiping bht the ghost in this manner.' Hbisot' opinion that'it is a ctedit to so young a city iU) Bria"1 ane tobeableto boast the p'dflfleSsion oi 4" ghost. The coh'ncil take debided tb call thft"' street" Heal." jjet us hope thohamo is sug gestive. ' ^ ' _ ' ! . ' ' Faith in the power of medicine ;is, fijrnb2 means jta strong as it was in the days' when' the length of apothecaries* bills depended on the quanrity/of .pnysic,they *cohld persuade their patiehts to swallow." A equatter out west, however, ia still a strong believer. He " pur* chased*' half a dozen spavined, worn out, and generally unhealthy kanakas from a sugar planter,-in order to employ them on hia station* When bo had stowed his doubtful batgaih into a railway carriage, en route for his station! & friend asked him what he thought he fcotild ddr with such a miserable lot; and suggested that death probably would overtake some of them on the road to the scene of their future employ ment. • The squatter, however, was not in the1 least alarmed. He imparted to his friend that along with his " niggers " he was taking up ft couple of hundredweight of Epsom salts.- r - . 1 : • *! * ■Whsn-that-retired spotp:KangaroorPoint* had its burglar scare the other day, the natives determined to make the moat of Buch an un-' usual bit of excitement. The robbers, like" FalatafFs men ia buckram; multiplied them* selves with wonderful rapidity as the. news', passed from mouth to mouth. It was Boon; known that no less than six men had been engaged in the attempted burglary, and ..that 'somebody's bull dog had " nearly taken a piece* out of one of theburglar's legs." Then there was a great deal of 'speculation as to what bulky : article the thieves had set their hearts upon that they should require to he in such force. The piano, chests of drawers, bedsteads, were suggested in order to account for the largeness of the gang. This hypothesis was not quite so absurd as might be thought. . That .thieved do J go in occasionally for . very bulky, articles is, proved in the case of a blacksmith en -the* Enoggera Boad the other day. * On* going to" his forge *S the morning he discovered that die place had been entered during the night, and > that the anvil, weighing'over two md a half hundredweight, had been stolen, ; ■ Considbriko the youth of the Australian^ colonies, the number of newspapers and pe-> riodicals published must be regarded as highly satisfactory. There is scarcely an interest that is not represented by one or other of these' publications. The interests of those curious' beings, the stamp collectors, for instance, are well looked after by the " Ne w South Wales Stamp Collectors' Magazine," We-have juifc seen No. 2 of thiB remarkable journal, and are glad to find that its success has been such as to enable the cdito'rto rig himself out in a new coatr waistcoat, and the other things, as we gather from: the following opening remarks:—" Five months' ago we made our appearance in a neat 'coverl" From the magazine wc learn that the harmless^ maniacs who collect, stamps aro known /as" Philatelists. It is regretable to leain "afc.thft. same time that a too Bmart youth, owning the name of Smithers, has been discharged from the proprietor's service, in "consequence of an inconvenient tendency tb make up the "Ex-, celsior Packets" of stamps short of their, quantum. Going abroad to learn news of home, we fiad in the magazine, under the head "Queensland," that " the one penny red. of the new current issue is" now surcharged perpendicularly 'halfpenny*, in .black." . The editor thus darkly hints something dreadfohto a defaulting subscriber:—" B—S—0.,-Nelson N. Z.—Please settle for the stamps sent'da approval in'Fehruary last, or wo shall pay the stonecutter on your,bebaU." Altogether the; work must be olassed.amopgst the curiosities of literaturo.; ^ • r Tas "following is a good joke, but it is no] joke ] for all that, hut 'an *' ower'tfue .tale." . Aj youth.resident in Brisbane has an aged female: relative in the old country from whom ho has' expectations, and the young man naturally desires tb stand well with that relative;': She is; rather exacting, as rich, relatives of ten. are, and recently she ^required. something at the- hands of our young friend which: caused him a con siderable amount of embarrassment. She is ft' bit of 'an: amateur horticulturist, and possesses' greenhouses and hothouses galore, and she naturally desired, to possess some rare botanical specimens from Queensland, so she ' in structed her young -relative to Baud her byr first opportunity seeds of plants not to bo met with* in England, and especially . ^orchid.\v seeds. This was a11 sticker." Nothing daunted^ however, our.youth sent her a variety,.of seeds whiohhe thought would astonish her .jrhen. l&ejr; oame up, if ever ,ihat happy MDBummation arrived.,. But efie £ound himoiit. .There were no.''prefiid" seeds—andtlie result was a per emptoty.demand for these eoeds, or——.. By, first;, opportunity, she received the coveted ".orchid" seeds, with full instructions as to what^was to be done with the precious plants as . soon as they showed atove ground The.. lower leaves were to be pinched o& , as. fast as they appeared, and, these instructions being followed, a magnificent outcome Was promised. The seed germinated, the plant grew, was treated according to in atriicUons, and soon sprang upwards into space, and the delighted old lady invited a botanical expert to gp and see her treasure. He did, and at once pronounced it to be a cabbage of abnor mal growth. The ingenious young Queens leader thinks his . elderly relative has altered lysr will. ; ...... 