COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] ANGASTON, DECEMBER 11. A very successful entertainment was given on Friday evening, December 10 : in the Angas- <*> ton Institute, the object being to provide funds for a picnic and prises for the children attend. iug the State school. Mr. W. Clark, J.P., pre sided, and in his opening address referred to the progress made at the State school during the year. The children in attendance numbered 110, being as inoreaie oT SO, and in the hut fr*m>n*t\cm the very satisfac tory number of 85 marks had been aeeured The entertainment waa to provide funds fora picnic, in which the children attending the other schools of the plane would join. About tweuty of the girls of tbe State sclioJ gave musical selections from "The Flower Queeu" iv a very creditable manner, after which songs, glees, and other musiesl selections were given by the members of the Musical Union and others. The entertainment oooelodod with a faroe entitled "An Unwarrantable Intrusion," the parts being well sustained by Messrs. W. Hague and EL filarshall. The proceeds were about £14. AUBURN, Deckmbeh 9. By the kind invitation of Mr. Rossi, our telegraph statioumaster, I was present at a telephonic concert taat Tuefday evening. Tbe experimeuta were conducted between the Auburn atid Port Wakrfield stations, a distance) ot thirty-six miles. The weather for such an occa sion was very onpropHtoua, it being rather a rough night. Notwithstanding this drawback, however, great fences* attended theefforts of the telephonists. Mrs. Rossi sang •everal soogs and solos with good effect. Duets and ehoruiea by Messrs. Rossi, Field, McDonald, Hillman, MoMUIan. and others were rendered, besides in «trumeutal mosio from one at?iion to the other alternately, with excellent effect, the voices being easily distinguished. QoMKone were asked aad replies received very readily. A long conversation was auooesafuUy carried on to the evident satisfaction of those present, who one aud all thoroughly enjoyed the treat. Many thanks are due to Mr? Toad for the nse of the instruments, and to Mr. Roast for the invits tion?.- Professor Pepperfc ghost was produced at the local town hall an Wednesday evening to a large audience, who appeared heartily satis fied with the entertainment provided. December 11. I wired you an account of the fire which took place at the police-station yesterday (Friday); the following additional particulars may uo*be uninteresting to your readers. In the afternoon it was notion] that the heap of rubbish whioh was still smouldering at the rear of the station was in very close proximity to same long dry grass, and as a breece was Mowing fears were entertained that it might bprome ignited. If tlits had happened there is no knowing what disastrous consequences might have followed. To prevent such an oceurrenoe buckets, frc, were obtained from Mr. daridge, aod Messrs. D.Spackmau.Monohouse.Olaridge, Miells, and others set to work with a will, and after carry ing about 160 buckets of water succeeded in extinguishing the fire.—Our cricketers went to Saddleworth last Saturday sad played a ™«M- After a well-contested game the Saddleworth men won the match. Mr. J. E. Bleechmore, J P has kindly offered to present a bet to the highest average batsman at the end of the season. , BLACK SPRINGS, December 7. Since last writing the weather baa been very 1 uniavorabie for haymaking. It commenced to „ : tain lightly on Thursday last, and contmueo: ; t shoKery all day on Friday, which prevented! 9 anything being done on Saturday. It has been . fine since until this erasing, when it set in both windy and wet. The rain is not heavy, and ' although we have had ac much damp weather . the dams are getting low, the rain not being heavy enough to make the water run. • BLYTH, December 14. • A fire broke oat this morning on the farm of , Mr. Bouthwell, of this district, burning his hay. stacks, outeide kitchen, and mart of .his stubble, [ all his wheat being reaped. A large number of* people went to assist, and the fire waa kept i from spreading on to the adjoining farms.— , Heaping is now in fall awing.—The weather fa . very hot, with every appearance of a change. CLARE, 9. The past week has been an muuaaUr onkt one for Glare. Business has been very dull, chiefly owing to the departure of the last batdi of shearers, and to she fact that farmers in now, as a rule, too busy to spend arneb time shopping.-The late dry and warm weather wa* very favorable for haymaking, ""* most oT the farmers got their hay ateeked away before them waseny chance of the rain spoiling it. The hay harvest in this neighborhood has been very lane. —An amateur concert, on behalf of the Sisters of Bt. JosephTs School, was given in the town nail on Friday evening. The etftwrilanrai waa very large, and, owing toeaergetk management, the concert was * great sooeao, realising the handsome sum ot £29. Local talent eeems very mneh on she increase. —Professor Fepperfc ghostly entertainments ham been drawing good houses, and conjecture is rife as to how tba illusions are accomplished. The ffriffiaw'a lecture on the Afghan War, illustrated by dis solving views, was highly interesting and in structive. KOOLYWDRTIE, Decembeb 13. The weather of late has been very changeable, bat now seems to be settling for sammer.—A few farmers have commenoed reaping, bat operations will not become general «U aert week. With a few exceptions the cample will bt good and marketable. The wheat called ■mall purple straw seems to be the most iojared by red ract. leanaot give an estimate of the yield per acre, for a* yet none has been cleaned up to my knowledge, but I ahoold think by tfaa appearance of the standing crops the average ot the hundred will be ten bashdT HA.MLEY BRIDGE, December 15. Keaping is general in this locality. The results on the whole are very unsatisfaetorv A great deal of the wheat wffl not, pay tV* tempi ing, and the grain in most eases is very inferior. Some paddocks,however.areCfanmg ont fairly while the gram is good. The law- lying art ruh lands are the worst. A few lots of new wheat have been delivered in the township within the hut ?ew days, the price being from Bs. lid. downwards.—The work «f erecting the new ra?way station is going on rapidly. Tfaa walls are already op about seven or eight fee* 1^" T* 6— L*?*y *■■ ?*? very to«gh with slight ahoweraflf Mia at intervals. MA.NOORA, Dmc?M?jca, 1L The weather for tbe last week tas been very warm, just suitable for the farmers to finish no haymaking. We expest to sea some new wheat in about a couple of weeks. MERRITON, December 14. Heaping is progressing rapidly with favorable weather, and varying rasulta. I have seen several samples of otoe clean grain, oat then isa Urge proportion of amaU grain amongst it, which of coarse renders it kss valnable in the market. This irregularity in the growth of the straw and aice of the grain is pretty general. The prices are as various as thesamplevbutone grown war here f etched the highest price yet •ffercd. Loads are going into the market, but not in each numbers as to indicate much of a, yield, in fact the yield per acre wilt be small though here and there are eases of 'lirrntwns —Ih«ar that Mr. Miller, JJP,of this plaoe,has been requested to stand for the district of Stanley. MILLICENT, Dkckmbexl 13. Since my last matters have been in • m quiescent state here, and so far as business is concerned it is unlikely any improvement will take place until the new year has esrfvai, when I hope same alteration for the faetteYwflr/ hare to be noted.—On Satordaylast the monthly meeting of the Farmers' *«-"-?^tif?i was heM. I regret to report a comparatively email atten dance, which, however, most be pit down to the fact of most of the members being now busy in pnvaring for the hay harvest. The only impar taut matter diccussed at the meeting proper was a report from the secretary. from which it appeared that no reply hai been received bom the Commissioner of Crown Lands to a, letter forwarded from the assooiadon aboet a month ago, asking when the Surveyor-General^ imn% re drains was to be acted on. The feeling of the ?!**™%. V ", "? "Pl* lmd *"* «w*w* tt would be advisable to hold a r lir illiiilsii and send from it a strong rrfnusmlstlinn of tfrn feeling prevalent here as to the «i~..^ft.j of immediately proceeding with the works necee se*y to the proper drainage of tbecoustay and tbe further earr} ing eapacitjes of drain* aJreadr made. At the dose of the meeting a proposi tion was laid before the m—iiif ■ jj a. i~,| agent of aa Adelaide firm, whe wan wflUag to place vewel* on the berth at lUApf* i^ E^ wheat direct to England. The firm alluded to are prepared to make moat liberal advances on shipn-ecta, and the limiting —mnj to ***iafc the idea was a very good one. There csta be no doubt that if aaoh a direct trade can be inaugurated it will prove eventually a great boon not only to the district bntto individual growers. lam glad to hear **"t the idea is being taken op wry warmly set only here but at Mount Gambiar, end I tews this season will not pass over without ■illuming, the departure of at least one ship from Hmiinnl. Ido nut think ■here will be snore, the crops being very scanty. I fed eertsin once the ex periment is made future yean will show the wialomof "direct shipments,"and ere long in place of one ship Beashport will be the scene of the export of most of (he sorpliai prodaee of the South-Bast on this side of Ponobu—On Saturday last a cricket match was played at TantanooU between fifteen of that plate and eleven of Millifumt. The latter won the match ia one innings totiro withSSranctoepare. Tea have had ao much good cricket la AAelaits lately that I need not append the soorea. MlXLATOnTdkcbmbes 7. On Sunday afternoon, December S, Ponehoun Biswas, a native missionary from theFareedpofe Mission, India, condoeted serrioe in the Baptist Chapel before a large sad attentive aaffienee. Ou Monday evening he leetered in the ehaoel npon the — ■■"tt. TTsritins. and rtJinicat the people from among whom he Soome*.—The weather has been exceedingly changeable hen lately—oneday scorching hot and the next eel*. To-day it is more like winter, a eetd wind Mow ing with occasional showers, which will letar* harvesting operations. NA.NTAWARUA, December 8. The little winnowing that has been done in this neighborhood has turned out from cix to eight but&es; per acre of fab? marketable wheat. K. oping ie now general, but the weather is t«r changeable, and the work is retarded. The N&ntawanaState-sehoal; afew days ago. together with their friends, held a picnic at Port ArtLnr. The drive was an enjoyable one, end a very pleasant day was spent. SALTIA, December 6. The weather during the past week has bees most variable and very trying to man* Wa have been favoed with* little rain. The class stood at 110? and 108? in the shade for two days runuing. -Everything in - the shape ot business is very quiet just now.—Theitstload ot wheat passed here this week by rail to Port Augusta. _ . December 14. The weather during the put few days baa been intensely hot. Yesterday the glass stood at 110? in the shade.—Ophthalmia uagain pre valent here, chiefly among children; the atten dance at the public school has irimtfuinfntly bean very small durujg the part fortnight.—A quan tity of wheat paseed through here by rail this week en route to Port Augusta.—Feed is very scarce hereabout. STIRLING NORTH, December 8. The all-absorbing topic is rain, which indeed v very much needed as feed is getting com pletely dried up, and water is very scarce. Our gardens look well, bat coat a good deal bring the fruit to maturity as the gardeners have to cart water and pay at the rate of 15s. per iflOO gallons. The sudden changes of weather stiU oontinue, whloh has a bad effect on the «eaet*l taAedbSX 1"T teSTs^ knt If one can judge from the numbeTof children gomg to sehoolttiey ere M? chief «uf 7aa^h^w*nx ??* •? ■?•■*.— Our little township is very busy, and the num ber of reaping machines and other farming im plements passing through give it quite an agrk cultural •pnearaace. 