Local and General News. SUPPLEMENTS.- In consequence of the non- arrival of the Sydney Steamer, we are unable to issue our usual Supplement this week. NEW BUTCHER.-We notice that Mr. J. East- ment has opened in the above line, at Wyrallah, and being well and favorably known, will, no doubt, soon secure a fair share of patronage from residents in the rising locality mentioned. LIFE ASSURANCE.-We have been requested to intimate that Mr. R. Palmer, the Travelling Agent of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society of New South Wales, in company with Dr. Langston, will visit the various centres of population in this district during the coming few weeks, for the purpose of furthering the objects offered at by the above well established Society. -[Advt. RETURN.- His Worship the Mayor, of Lis- more, (J. Stocks, Esq.), returned from his visit to the Metropolis, on Tuesday last, and during his slay there we believe that he has not been unmindful in looking after the interests of the district generally, having interviewed members of the Government, which has resulted in the granting of a Land Office, and the holding of a District Court at Lismore, while the Public Wharf, Bridge, and other matters are to be gone on with at once. As will be soon by our Municipal report, this gentleman was again re- elected to the civic chair on Tuesday, and now that everything is once again in good working order, and much has to be done, no doubt the Council will settle steadily to business, and show ratepayers, and the outer world, what it is capa- ble of accomplishing. LISMORE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.- At a special sittings of the above on the 12th instant, his Worship the Mayor in the Chair, the minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Alderman Larkin, as Returning Officer, then read the result of the election on Tuesday last, whereon the Mayor congratulated the Alder- men elect, after which Alderman Allingham made the usual declaration. The Mayor then read clause 42 of the Municipal Act relating to the election of Mayor, and was about to retire, when Alderman Currie suggested that there was no necessity for doing so, and Alderman Allingham after paying a high tribute to the conduct of Alderman J. Stocks, during his term of office as Mayor, proposed that he be again re-elected to that honorable position, which motion was seconded by Alderman Coleman, and carried unanimously. The Mayor elect then returned thanks, and spoke of the unanimity hitherto prevailing in the Council, the work of which he thought during their short term of office, would bear favorable comparison with that of any other Municipality. The meeting then closed. LISMORE POLICE COURT.- At a sittings of the abovo on Wednesday, 11th. instant, before the Police Magistrate, C. H. Fawcett, A. M. Girard J. Stocks, and E. Carter, Esquires, J. P.'s, the following cases were heard- E. Cowan v. G. Finlay- claim of £2 10s. for wages. The evidence of the complainant and defendant was taken, and the Bench by a majority dismissed the case- complainant to pay professional costs and costs of Court. Mr. Hill for complainant, and Mr. Allingham for defendant. Thos. Dus- ter v. George Jarvis- Assault-Several wit- nesses gave evidence, and the Bench dismissed the case. Mr. Hill for complainant, and Mr. Allingham for defendant. William Lane v. John McInnes-Detention of a bullock- ad- journed until Wednesday, 18th instant Mr. Allingham for complainant, and Mr. Hill for defendant. A Slaughtering License was granted to Sebastian Garrard, of Boorie, near Lismore. The case of C. H. Fawcett v. H. Benaud, in the Small Debts Court was further postponed, for one week. ONCE AGAIN.- We were sitting in our sanc- tum on Monday evening last, pondering over matters in general, while turning over the leaves of that lively, but useful publication, known as the 'Government Gazette,' while the rain, the beautiful rain, came down as it only can in this juicy clime at times, when in burst our Arte- mus Ward contributor, saying- here we are again, do give us a job, old fellow, to raise my spirits, which are us dull as a newspaper man's when he cannot make both ends meet. Come on, let's write or do something. Just tho very things, said we, there's the meeting of the Muni- cipal Council to report- go and do it, and our terms are, the honor of doing it.- The very thing, said he, I'll dress their speeches up with all the flowers of eloquence, the beauties of rhetoric and all that sort of thing, so that the outer world can see that we have gifted men in our midst, a credit the Colony. We forthwith pro- vided him with a roll of paper, and lead pencils to take, notes, and buttoning up his coat, and going tn the door he said, oh my, isn't it dark, and not a light to be seen, except the hotels, don't you think we had better poison before I start. We did imbibe a mild refresher, and started him down the dark and muddy street, feeling relieved at. having got out of a dis- agreeable walk on a wet night. Meanwhile it rained, how it did run, and about two hours after, just as we were closing up, there was a noise of stamping on the verandah, and in came our friend covered with mud from head to foot and looking as if he had seen a ghost, His narrative was as follows -You see after leaving you, I made all sail for the leading light at the Commercial School, by bringing the Com- mercial Bank to bear into one focus, my craft labouring heavily as I ploughed down the street, but, going down the hill like Jack and Jill, musing of I know a bank, I fell, and getting up received a check at the bank by meeting with a strong draught from of the South-east, which accompanied with heavy rain, shut out the leading lights, just as I reached the bridge, where I stood shaking in my elastic sides, losing one of them in the mud. When groping to find it my hat to blow off into the outer darkness and the creek, while the paper and pencils followed suit, so that I was obliged to go to the nearest hotel to borrow a lantern, to find my boot, after which I went back, and by the time I got myself fixed up, all ready for another start, out went the lights at the Council Cham- bers, showing that the sitting was over. Then I returned to the hotel, and had another re- fresher just to keep the wet out, and now I'm going home, and (here his voice became husky) I wonder what my wife will say. Never mind, old fellow, shake hands, I've made a mess of it this time, but pon my honor I'll write you some thing good next time. I'm going to insure my life in the Accident Assurance, before I go out reporting fer you again, while I pity, the poor Aldermen, leaving the bosom of their families on a night like this. But come let's have a poison, and then come where my love lays dreaming. So our friend went, and that's all we know about the Council this week, and show's the way we are treated. SALE OF POISONS.- It is notified that Alex- ander James Simpson, of Casino, and James Parter Field Walker, of Lismore, have been registered under the Sale and Use of Poisons' Act, . RAMORNIE MEAT WORKS.-We notice that this well-known establishment is advertising for hands, with the view of commencing work at an early date. GOLD- After the late heavy blow, there will no doubt be plenty of fine gold to be found along the sea beaches of this coast for a few weeks to come, in fact, our editor when sitting in a sentimental mood beside the sea billows, last week, says, that he could almost see the gold rolling in (would that we could say the same), while the waves murmured "come into these yellow sands." Here's a chance of getting an easy living for anyone, while no doubt many will do a nice thing on the quiet. Looking at the depression in business here, we have almost a mind to shut up shop, and go beach-combing. which is a jolly life, especially, when it pays, which it should do, when gold and platinum are plentiful ports the following in the sitting on the 3rd instant,- Forgery-William Carne and James Connor, in custody, were charged with forging two cheques, of £20 each, purporting to be signed by Alfred Footman and Francis Lebon respectively. Constable Leese, J. L. Vesper, F. B. Gulley, J. L. Parker, Alfred Poolman, Francis Lebon, C. E. Maltby, J. W. Flett, and Mary Ann Street having given evidence, both prisoners were committed to take their trial at Casino Quarter Sessions. James Conor, under committal on a charge of forgery, was again brought up charged with stealing a silver watch and gold albert chain, the property of Alfred Poolman. Constable Leese and A. Poolman gave evidence in support of the charge. The Bench did not consider that a prima facie case of larceny had been proved ; but called upon the prisoner to show how he became possessed of the property. Prisoner made a statement that he had purchased the watch and chain from a man named Williams, and called Wm. Carne to support this statement ; but the Bench did not consider the prisoner's account satisfactory, and sentenced him to three months in Casino Gaol. IRISH DISTRESS RELIEF FUND.- A meeting of the above is called at Dean's Assembly Rooms, at 3 o'clock on this (Saturday) after- noon. THE WEATHER - Since our last, the weather has been as disagreeable as it well could be, with a close atmosphere and passing showers, which has had the effect of shaking the public health, and making our roads, streets and foot- paths, simply dreadful to contemplate, while those connected with the Municipality have a tough job before them to set things right, seeing that that they have to make bricks without straw, unless they go in for borrowing. The bar through the week as reported as unsettled, while a heavy sea is said to be rolling in along the coast. MAIL CONTRACTS-The following have been accepted for 1880, in addition to those published in our last,- Charles Bray, Lismore and Ky- numboon or Murwillumbah, 50 miles, horse back, £98 ; John Walsh, Lismore and Tirrania, 4 miles, horseback, £11 ; Robert G. Balmer, Lismore, and Bexhill, 7 miles, £20; John L. Vesper, Lismore, Wollongbar. Alstonville, and Ballina, 43 miles, £45 ; Jas. Cox, Kynumboon or Murwillumbah and Tweed Junction, 12 miles £65 ; Wm. Shaw, Tweed Junction and Tweed Heads, 15 miles, £52. BALLINA SMALL DEBTS COURT.- At a sittings of the above, on the 6th instant, before E. Ross, Esq., J.P., the following cases were heard, Sohn v. Capps-- goods supplied ; case continued C. S. Jarrett v. C. Clifton- £3 14s. 1d. for meal supplied; verdict for plaintiff A. Butt v. A. O'Connor-17s. 6d., for work and labor done verdict for defendant. NEW INSOLVENTS.- George John Cooper, juN of Lismore, Richmond River, timber cutter Liabilities, £90 ; assets, £41. Mr. Lyons, official assignee. George Olive, of Myall Creek Richmond Road, lately residing at Casino, stage coach driver. Liabilities, £160 16s. 2d. ; assets £5. Mr. Lyons, official assignee. Henry Dun- can Pennie, of Coraki, Richmond River, farmer Cause of insolvency- Having been sued by the liquidators of the Clarence and New England Steam Navigation Company for the sum of £400, being the amount of a call at the rate of £5 per share. Liabilities, £407 ; assets, £5. Mr. Sempill, official assignee. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. - The following were taken up at the Casino Land Office, on the 29th January,-W. Gilmore, 80 acres, parish of Lismore; James Crawford, 100 a., p. Meer- schaum ; William Strong, 40 a.,p. Meerschaum Joseph Staines, 50a., p. Meerschaum ; James Jarrett, 40.a., p. Teven. On the 5th February Hugh Mckinnon; 40a., parish Donaldson John. Hutch, 40 a., p. Bungawalbyn ; Charles Dorrington, 40 a., p. Bungawalbyn ; M. A Palmer, 40 a., p. Bungawalbyn ; Jas. Williams 84 a., p. North Lismore ; Patrick Quinn, 43 a. p. North Lismore.- Express. MINING.- We have received the Annual Re- port of the Department of Mines for Now South Wales, for the year 1878, which, as usual, is nicely got-up, and contains a mass of valuable mining information from various parts of the Colony, this district, with all its undeveloped mineral wealth, receiving but the following meagre notices,- New England and Clarence District- Lismore Division- (From Mr. Warden Elliott, P. M , Lismoro). I have the honor, in compliance with the Regulations, to report upon the present state of mining in this division. Some months back I had reason to believe that I should have to report considerable progress but, owing either to the late continued dry wea- ther, or the lack of energy on the part of resi- clouts of the division, nothing has boen done of which I can obtain any reliable information. There is no doubt but that the district is highly mineralic, and practical miners would be at- tracted if a reliable geological survey could be made. In the Ballina Division, Henry Bass- man, Mining Registrar, reports,-There has been nothing doing during the year in this di- vision ; the few persons who have obtained miners' rights here have only been prospecting for a short time through the division, and I have not heard that they have obtained any thing beyond the Colo:-. The following dona- tions to the Museum have been made from this district by Mr. Hy. Copeland, M.P.,- Basalt Richmond River Lighthouse ; sand containing gold and platinum, Richmond River seacoast ; sedimentary deposit, ditto ; wood opal, between Richmond and Tweed Rivers. [A short time since we forwarded a few mineralic specimens but they have not been acknowledged by the Department.- Ed. 'Star.] THE LATE MR. W. YABSLEY.- The follow- ing advertisement appears in the " Government Gazette " of the 6th February instant,- In the Supreme Court of New South Wales, ecclesias- tical jurisdiction, in the will of William Yabs- ley, senior, late of Coraki, Richmond River, in the Colony of New South Wales, ship builder deceased. Notice is hereby given, that after th expiration of fourteen days from the publi- cation hereof in the Now South Wales Govern- ment Gazette, application will be made to the Supreme Court of New South Wales, in its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, that probate of the last will and testament of the said William Yabsley, senior, deceased, may be granted to William Yabsley, Charles Yabsley, and Thomas Yabsley, three or the executors in the said will named, Henry Yabsley. the other executor in the said will named, having pre-deceased the said William Yabsley, senior.-Dated this 5th day of February, A.D. 1880. George Evans, Proctor for the said Executors, 75, New Pitt street, Sydney. INSOLVENCY.- It is notified that Edward Well's D'Arcy McDonagh, of Mount Patrick, near Lismore, farmer, intends to apply for a certificate of conformity, at the Court Room; King Street, Sydney, on the 24th day of Feb- ruary instant. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.- It is notified that the following have been referred for Inquiry in this district, due notice being given of the times and places for holding such inquiry,- Aldwell John, 80 acres, parish Bexhill. Bruggy Mar- tin, 47a., parish Coraki. Brewster George Herbert (transferred to George Rowland, trans- ferred to Chas.Stamford). 100a., p. Donaldson. Clarke Richard, 263a., p. Bundock. Comiskey Luk, 40a. p. North Casino. Durrington Rich- ard, 50a., p. Ballina. Harrison Robert Henry, 324 a., 3rds., p. Wooroowoolgan. Kennewell James (transferred to Robt. Ducan), 74a., p. Woram. King Albert (transferred to Thos. Loadsman). 40a., p. Broadwater. Lance Lancelot Castol (transferred to George Row- lands), 320a., p West Coraki. McKinnon Donald (transferred to Lachlan McKinnon). 50a. p. Coraki. O'Donohue Thos. (transferred to John O'Donohue), 40a., p. Bungawalbin. Schieler Antoneo Joseph, 250a., p. Richmond. Sparks John (transferred to Augustus Peterson), 500a., p, Bundock. Stone William, 60a., p. South Ballina. Tozer Henry, 50a., p. South Gundurimba. LAPSED CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.- It is noti- fied that the following have lapsed, through non- fulfilment of conditions, &c;:,-Thomas Loads- man 40.acres, c. Rous. Thos. Loadsman, 40 acres, c. Rous. Henry A. Garrard, 40a., c. Rous. Wellington C. Bundock, 275a., c. Rous LAND SALE.- It is notified that a sale will be held at Police Office Casino, on the 3rd day of March next, when some 14 country lots in the counties of Rous and Richmond, parishes of Loadstone, Warrazambil, and Myrtle, will be offered. Also on the 17th March, the follow- ing will be offered,- 8 lots, in the county of Richmond, parishes of Wyandah and Powerpa ; 8 lots county Drake, parish Ewingar, and Tabu- lam ; 1, county Rous, parish Broadwater, 3 county Rous, parish Queebun, 15, county Rous parish Stratheden, 1, county Rous, parish Geneva. Upset price £1 5s an acre. INSOLVENCY.- It is notified that a first and only meeting in the estate of Robert John Tay- trict Commissioner, at the Court House Lis- more, on Wednesday the 10th day of March next, at 11 o'clock. ADVICE TO FARMERS.- In a circular issued on the 3rd ultimo, Messrs. Hall, Prince and Co, of Sydney, make the following remarks in reference to the staple product of the Clarence district, which are deserving the serious atten- tion of our farmers - "Maize : The market has remained firm during the week, and really sound grain reached top price, whilst unsound and discoloured are difficult of sale at any price. We would point out to our constituents on the different rivers the advisability of occasionally changing their seed in the growing of this grain. The principle of growing from the same stock every year is very detrimental to the production of good sound grain, and this in a great measure accounts for the miserable pinched and black grains in the maize so noticeable now-a-day's." \- Argus. ELECTORAL DISTRICT OF THE RICHMOND.-. The electoral returns for this district having been collected by the police, we are glad to report an increase on the Richmond alone of 332, compared with last year. The number of electors in various parts of the district are down as :- Lismore, 779 ; Casino, 722 ; Ballina, 502 ; Woodburn, 214 ; total, 2318. We are not aware what the increase for the Tweed is, but think it will be considerable this year. Surely the Government will not al abandon the Electoral Bill, when, in districts like this, so many electors are we may say disfranchised.- Examr. THE STEAMER VESTA.- We are very glad to be able to report the successful raising of this steamer, which took place on Thursday. The owners procured a diver from Sydney, and having had the schooner Neptune brought np to where the Vesta was sunk, the diver went down and passed lines round the boat fore and alt, and she was brought to the surface, pumps being at once brought into use to empty her of water. The body of the fifth person drowned, that of Alexander Brown, was discovered below, alongside the engine ; how it got here is not very clear, but the supposition is that the strong rush of the water, recently, washed it into this receptacle. The body was of course much decomposed, having been over a fortnight in water. Information of the finding of the body was sent to the police When the Vesta was brought to surface there were on deck 130 bags of maize, and was estimated that 120 to 130 were removed when search was being made for the bodies ; the bags and grain are valueless. Anxiety was expressed, during the week, as to probable fate of the boat, rain having set in, and a flood threatening ; but this was dispelled on Thursday, and we hear with satisfaction that the steamer is not so much damaged as it was feared she would be. Messrs. Yeager and Grime will have the engines seen to, and the boat otherwise repaired and we confidently trust better luck will attend them with the Vesta. We expect to see her afloat again before long, trading between Casino and Coraki ; but the owners must not neglect to give their men strict instructions as to the placing of large quantities of maize on deck, for the sacrifice to life recently was terrible. Previous to the late accident, the Vesta had three propellers broken in a few months, and the loss occasioned by these was not short of £100 ; besides this the owners had to have the engines shifted, and were under other expense. Everyone admired the Vesta when she arrived on the river, and it was pro- nounced by some wise hoads that the enterprise of the proprietors would be fully justified by the success that would attend their venture ; good fortune is, like many others things, better late than never, and we hope superstition will not deprive Messrs, Yeager and Grime of the success they deserve providing proper care is taken in the future.- 'Express'. APPEARANCE OF A COMET.-The tail of the comet was seen at the Observatory on Tuesday evening, at five minutes past 8, as an exceeding faint streak of iight, slightly curved to the wesl and extending upwards past the star Beta Gruís. When the twilight had disappeared the streak of light was very conspicuous, but nothing could be seen of the head, or nucleus. A bank of clouds, however, covered the horizon and it was not possible to tell whether the head was above the horizon or not ; but from tho fact that it has nowhere been seen, it is probable that it is near the sun, or perhaps on the other side of the sun, so that it might be seen before sunrise. This morning, however, proved so cloudy that nothing could be seen. This comet is quite unexpected, and is the largest which has been seen for many years. Its motion would seem to be slow, at least from the accounts given of its position on Monday night, but as the head could not be seen, no exact observation could be made of its position or motion.- H. Russell. SUGAR.- Good times for sugar growers are on and not only is Mackay fortunate, but Bunda- berg also, for we learn that the yield being obtained from cane grown on the plantations there are exceedingly good, and far surpass anything that other districts produce. We hear of one plantation of 100 acres, three and a quarter of which produced 12½ tons of sugar, and it is expected that the whole estate will average three tons to the acre. We hope it may, but we know too much about cane to think of basing calculations upon the returns of special plots of ground. The soil about Bundaberg is of a rich loamy character and if the returns are as good as they are asserted to be, the holders of the land there are to be congratulated, if not envied.- 'Mackay Standard' RESIGNATION OF THE HON. JOHN SUTHER- LAND.-The unexpected announcement made in the Legislative Assembly last evening that Mr. John Sutherland, the representative of Padding- ton, had resigned his seat, has caused much surprise. The reason for the hon. member taking this course is that that he could not allow his private feelings to stand in the way of the legitimate progress of the country, as he says he would do by the retention of his seat in Par- liament, and thereby prevent the Esk Bank Iron Co., in which he is interested, entering into a contract for the supply of rails to the Government.- 'Evening News'. THE C. AND R. R. S. N. Co.- The half- yearly meeting of shareholders in the Clarence and Richmond River Steam Navigation Com- pany was held at their offices on Wednesday, January 28, Mr. J. Alger in the chair. The report and balance sheet (already printed) having been read to the meeting, its adoption was moved by the chairman and carried unani- miously. Moved by Mr. Dangar and seconded by Mr. R. A. Arnold, "That the powers granted to the directors on the 28th January, 1874, and 21st July, 1878, to issue debentures, should be rescinded." The resolution was carried. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Gilchrist, seconded by Mr R. A. Arnold, "That the direc- tors be empowered to issue debentures to the amount of £20,000, to be dated from 1st Jan- uary, 1880, and payable within five years after date ; to bear interest at the rate of per cent per annum, payable half-yearly during their cur- rency." A vote of thanks to the officers of the company terminated the proceedings. COOKERY.- Schools of cookery are now com- mon in England and Scotland, and among all these useful institutions none has better work than the Liverpool Training School of Cookery, which has been established in Colquitt-street, Liverpool, for about three years. It is under the patronage of the Countess of Derby and the Countess of Sefton, and the general com- mittee consist of a large number of influential ladies. ln this school classes are held for ladies and servants, in which they practically learn the art of cookery in all branches, and twice a week public demonstrations are given, which the pupils are expected to attend. At these dem- onstrations dishes are cooked in the presence of the audience, and explanations given as to the nature of the food and the manner of pre- paving it. There are also practice classes for young girls from various schools, who have the advantage, besides, of attending demonstrations on plain cookery. The importance of this work can hardy be over-estimated, as these very girls either go out to service in a few years or else marry had become valuable wives to working men, giving them comfortable meals at small cost. We look upon this branch of the work as a great help to the cause of temperance, for is it not chiefly the ignorance of a poor man's wife in all that relates to cooking that drives him to the public house? Another feature of the Liverpool School of Cookery is the training of ladies as teachers, and sending them into diff- erent parts of England to carry on the work in similar manner to that taught in Liverpool. One of these teachers- Miss Whiteside, who holds a flrst-class diploma from the Northern Union of schools of cookery-has now come among us to begin work on her own account, and hopes shortly to give a demonstration in Sydney, to be followed by a practice class for ladies and by future demonstrations. It is to be hoped that those ladies who are interested inculate ********* in the kitchen, will attend these lessons. Miss Whiteside is not without without experience, having taught for two years in many towns and villages in England. - 'Herald.' 