A. TEE RAISES CENTENARY. The movement known as tbe Sunday Bohool Centenary, cr Bobirt Balkes' centenary, in celebration d the at inoeption of Sunday schools, was commenced he -by special sermons preached yesterday in all the Anglican and othsr Profestint churches in Ballarat As nearly everyone knows, the first attempt at estab lishing a a Sunday school was mads about ths dose the year'17£l by Bobert Balkes, a printer, of e Gloucester, who being oi a pbi'anthropia nature, sa with grief that the poor children of bis neighborhoo door were growing up in habits of idleness and vioo, and t Sunday, cf aS days in the week, wa) a specially id and unprofitable one for them. He socordiugly hire a r number of persons to te&ch; these poor children e the Sabbath Day; and from this small beginning cam the well-constructed, well conducted, and well- attended Sabbath schools of ti.e present day. In wha is might te called centennial cerebration of this inaugu ration of -Sunday schools, special servioss, and mee ings of those connected with Sunday schools, will es held this week in this and othsr colonies. \- BA1.KLT STREET WESLEYAU OHUROH. o-Tbe preacher in the morning was the iiev. Willia ent A. Cl lick. Having announced his text, "Thepromis is unto you and to your children,*' Acts ii. 39, he ceeded to to explain (he promise, snd to show its appl r tion. The former part of the sermon wis occupied with the important doctrine of tbe Holy "pint's per sonality ana divicity, snd in setting forth liii office ē and work. As to the second portion of tbe subj c -the preacher dwelt particularly on the intereset wni is the children have in the promise of the Holy Ghost They need bis influence. They are susceptible of it Hfs impressions. Parents mnsi not tbkk tbat their children will become piotxs by only wishing th tobes*. klany have tbe wish beoause-their sons an daughters weary ftemby evil ways. Children n-ust be trained and tacght, and prayoi for. The preache then referred to the commemorati n now commenced, and dwelt on the tact tbat Uu liev. John Wesley's penetrating and practical mind saw at once that th system of eunday schools adopted by Bobert Bukes was likely to benefit the church and nation, fie, therefore, commended them to hi4sooletiea.andsoou at the idea spread in all directions. Only eight years h after Kaikee bad founded his school in Gloucester, s Methodists had. gathered thc,u<iaiid« of children into a similar schools, in April, 1788. Mr Wesley, then .8 n years old, had spent three days in Wigsn and Bolte preaching for the Sunday schools, aid addressing tb children. Nine hundred or a thousand had been assembled to listen tohim, and Li; pleasure was- un bounded In besting them produce such melody in as he thought would sever be heard anywhere but In heaven. "I Lever (aw such a eight before. They were all exactly clean aa w,ll as plain in Ihrir apparel. All were serious and well f behaved. Many, b:th boys and girls.had asbeautiful faoes as 1 believe England or Karope can afford be When thry all sung together, atd none of them out ol tune, tbe melody was beyond that cf any theatre, a what in beat of all, m&oy; of them truly fear God, t some the rrjoioe in His Salvation." 6uch wss the entry the good man's j mrsaL Now, tte institution had spread to such an extent that almost every Protesta r-congregation possessed a Sunday school. 'lens of thousands of loving Christians were engaged in giving religious instruction on Sundays, and amang them peers and peeresses. The Queen had consente , to by be patroness of the celebration. Ths preacher -thought that with all the gooi dsns by tiabbat 00 schools, there were two dangers 1. He thought tha Sunday schools were deolining from Balkes' erfginal 33 purpose. They were not aufficiently missionary in id their plans and operations. Jnore children must be gathered from the streets, cr each Snnday sohool mu have the adjanct of a mission school. 2 There e was danger of parents depending too much an Babbath schools. They, and not the teachers, were tbe ous natural instructors of their children, and must not negleat their duty. Tbe patevits must look on Sabba cshool teachers as kind friends ready to help them tbs attempt to teach, andSead the children toJesus f But whether they were taught by their parents or their teachers, or by both, tbe premiss of the Holy age Sprit Dwst be looked far and would be given. 