HISTORY OF THE FOSTNIGrHT. [From our own Correspondent.] London. Februarv 13. The tradition of 'Queen's weather' was kept up in an extraordinary manner on the occasion of the reassembling of the Houses of Parliament for their final session, and Her Majesty's pre sence at tbe ceremony attracted a dense throng of people along tbe route from Buckingham Palace, through St. James's Park, to Westmin ister. The spectacle presented by the royal jrocessioD, with its richly-caparisoned and j rancing horses, its brilliant staff of attendants i nd officials, aad its small but splendid-looking military escort, was striking as usual. Her Majesty seemed to be in good health, and bowed and fcmiled graciously in response to the continual and hearty cheering which greeted nerat every step; ana wnen Tne journey was over the thunder of cannon mingled with the Bhduting of the multitude as the Queen entered the House of Lords. Within the precincts of that select and serene enclosure there was the wonted display of gay and picturesque attire on the part of lords, ladies, bishops, ambassa dors, and officials, and there was the usual un dignified and schoolboy-like rush of the ' faith ful Commons' along the corridors when sunv moned by royal command to the bar of .the Upper House. The proceedings were brief. Her Majesty handed tha Royal Speech to the Lord Chancellor to read on her behalf , and at its conclusion returned to Buckingham Palaoe amid the renewed enthusiasm of the crowd. The Queen, who always feels the strain even of holding a drawing-room, was a good deal fatigued by the journey and ceremonial, and on the following day sought the repose af her Winter residence at Osborne, Isle of Wight. The terrible weather which prevailed in the Atlantic from the 7th to the 9th instant placed two Australian steamers in positions of extreme peril. In either .of these cases the disaster of the London might have been repeated had* not the vessels' been admirably- found 'and handled and rescued with something like heroic seamanship. The Hankow, of the Colonial line, who loBt the whole of her propeller when she was about thirty-five miles off Oporto, being a good sailer, made her way safely to the entrance of the English Channel, which she reached on Sunday. There the etorm struck her, and as no sufficient help to tow her into port could be afforded, she was left to her own resurcea out side Plymouth breakwater until midday of Monday. She was driven against the protection shoal, and the utmost anxiety was felt with respect to her. Fortunately her two anchors held until the sea abated, and, marvellous to say, sho was brought in almost uninjured by the tremendous buffetting she had un dergone. In the case of the Orient steamer Chimboraza, unhappily, the results were much more serious. Delated by the fog. in the Thames, thisj splendid steamer com menced her journey two days late — an unpre cedented circumstance in the history of the line. She went steadily down the Channel in the midst of the hurricane, but when about 150 miles west of Plymouth she was met by a tre mendous wave, 'which swept the whole deck, from the poop to the saloon companion, carrying, everything before it. A passenger and two able seamen who were unable to take refuge in time wese swept away ; another passenger was so severely injured by the wreckage as to have died non afterwards, and a large number of other passengers were seriously hurt. The vessei itself has sustained great damage, and had there been any overloading or any defect of structure or seamanship, it is possible she would never have been heard of again. As it was, a few minutes sufficed to clear her of the water which had found its way below, the auxiliary steering- gear was brought into aation to replace that whish was damaged, and the vessel put back to Ply mouth, her passengers and mails beiog as soon as possible transferred to the Serato, of the same line. ' The frequent instances of severe strains successfully withstood, though they exhibit forcibly the dangers of ocean navigation, bring out even more forcibly the complete provisions which can be made against them. The endeavor to carry into effect a kindly intention has been the unfortunate occasion of adding one more to the list of Ireland's troubles, instead of relieving those existing. The Dublin theatre was burnt to the ground just as it was Made ready for a morning performance in aid of the famine fund, and loss of life resulted. The company were at dinner, and very few persons were left about the building, but of these, it is feared, more than one fell victims to the flames,' as four are still missing. The business-manager perished in his endeavors to put out the fire when the first ahum was given. Tbe most painful case, however, was that of a painter, who had been hauled np by a rope sixty feet from the ground to finish some de corations, and in the confusion was lef 5 to his fate. The fire seems to have originated in soras carelessness in the lighting up. It spread with frightful rapidity, owing to the scenery of the pantomime having been on the stage ready for use. It is appalling to think what would have happened had the place been full. Whatever chance the fire brigade might have had to cope with the flames was destroyed by an unruly mob, who broke in, stole the dresses, and amused one another by attiring themselves in them ; . while from Trinity College opposite a number . of hair-brained students threw fireworks and coins among the crowd. There can be little hope for effectual assistance from a fire brigade unless the London plan be followed of rigor ously keeping the mob at a respectful distance. Alexander Schossa, the Milanese who at tempted to bhoot the priest of the Italian. Church, Hatton Garden, while low mass was oeiiig celebrated, has been found guilty of iutent to murder, and sentenced to penal servi tude for life. Taking into account the whole of the circumstances brought out in evidence, the punishment cannot be regarded as unduly ?evere. The man, even accepting his counsel's plea that he bad p family. tendency to ''periods of paroxysm of homicidal hypochondriasis,' was not a pleasant person to entrust with the en joj ment of liberty. Hia object in taking up his abode in England was to escape the penalty awaiting him at home for stabbing a man to death ; t-nd the ' period of paroxysm' which brought him into notice here was attended with an amount of deliberate preparation for violence which hardly accorded with the theory of mad ness. He had purchased in two different and dis tant districts the.revolver and dagger with which he made his murderous onslaught in the church, and nothing but the fact that his aim was bad saved his crime from being actual murder. The want of motive is nevertheless a remarkable feature of the story. He says he meant to frighten the Tries t and then inj ure the property of the church; but while this explanation is unsatisfactory there is ns reason to believo he was the agent of a conspiracy or a secret society,, as he would infallibly be regarded had he chosen any continental town as his theatre of action. His atrocious crime was undertakes upon his own personal'promptings, and it is due to society that he should have no chance to repeat it. Anew mission has been discovered for the clergy, which is calculated to give a peculiar significance to the term' Church Militant.' It \% suggested that members of the cloth shall act as recruiting sergeants. The adjutant of the Grenadier Guards has been : sending out cir culars to the clergy of the rural-districts begging them to assist in filling np the ranks of the household troops ; and a Sussex vicar, who .does not relish the proposal, forwards the commu . nication to the newspapers for- the purpose of making it public. . It seems that there is little - difficulty in enlisting men for the Guards in the L large towns, but the misfortune is that the . urban recruits are not all that could be desired in point of physique. The large proportion of these lank youths in the service has of ten been made the subject of uncomplimentary remarks, and no doubt the Grenadier officers during a rustic sojourn have looked with envy upon the stout country lads at the plough-tail, and have lost no time in trying to decoy Hodge from Arcadia, with the help of his spiritual pastors and masters. Of course there is not a bint of war in the bland pro posals made by the gallant Grenadiers. The prospect of being knocked over by a bulletin some savage skirmish or hacked to pieces by an Afghan hillman, is not so much as hinted at. On the contrary? the. clerical recruiting sergeant is furbished with a statement, ot cue advantages offered bo young men in the service which is well calculated to remove the prejudice which in some quarters exists, M most unjustly,' against the soldier's calling. The misfortune is that the Grenadiers are a little late in the field. Stalwart young countrymen have not been left in ignorance of the possible rewards /or their industry in the colonies, and clerical blandish ments notwithstanding, they are still likely to prefer emigration to enlistment when they make up their minds to a change ef a condition. Those intolerant friends of the chnrch who oppose any concession to Nonconformists in the' -use of parish churchyards, in whioh only clergy men of the Established Church are allowed to officiate, have rested their best hopes for a settle ment of the burials question in their own favor upon the general opening of public cemeteries. Here thecustomhas been to build two chapels, on« for the use of the Church of England, the other for the various Nonconformist denominations. But this, , it appears, is a concession to the Church which is not cempulsory upon.the rate payex8,and the example of the town of Burslem will very likely be followed elsewhere from economic if from no other considerations. Hence a new field of contention is opened. The 'town council of Burslem have possessed, them selves of a new cemetery, aud being men of practical mind it occurred to them that if they ; built one convenient and substantial edifice it might serve the common purpose of sheltering clergy of all denominations during the per- . - formance of the services connected with the burial of the dead. To erect this building on consecrated ground would have been to defeat their own purpose, for the law requires that when a chapel is built on consecrated ground within a cemetery similar, provision must be made on unconseorated ground. But nothing is said in the Act with respect to the converse pro 3f-2 position, and the Buislem town «oancE, having built their 'single chapel on Hncensecrated ground, declared their intention of doing no more. Thereupon the Bishop of Lichfield, jea lous for the Church, stepped in and intimated that he should take reprisals in the form of prohibiting his clergy from officiating in this chapel. The town council, however, have for tified themselves -with, counsel's opinion and rest upon their original intention, and it has tran spired that in' at least one ether cemetery, that at Sheerness, in the diocese of the Archbishop of Canterbury, one chapel is used in common by all religious bodies. Accordingly it would appear that the Bishep of lAcftfield has very little choice but to -withdraw as quietly as may be from a false position into whica he has been led by excess of zeal. . Are drinking habits among women increasing or are they not? Sir William Gall is believed to answer this uncomfortable question in the negative. But Dr. Norman Kerr, in a lecture to -a temperance association, gave a different opinion. He thinks that drunkenness among women has increased and is increasing, and he draws « gloomy picture of England in this re spect. Female intomperanee lie shows was not a. characteristic of ancient times, nor is it preva lent now «n the Continent, in. Ireland, or to any great extent in Scotland. 2a England alone, according to Dr. Kerr, intemperance among women prevails to a very lar£eextent,and seems of late years to have rapidly increased. The lecturer supported this dismal theory not merely by statistics, of which most people have a whole come dread and doubt, but by the more con vincing, if less exact and plausible' results of Mb own practice and experience. He seems to think that though in what are called the upper classes there may not be much of the evil he complains of, it exists to a deplorable degree among the lower and among certain sections of the middle classes. No doubt the uni versal craving for excitement which an artificial mode of life induces may explain the growth of the habit and the different degrees to which it affects the variouBfieetions of society,: but to all whom it concerns the doctor addresses amoving appeal for the complete abandonment of tee use of alcoholic Btimulants ub the only way of safety. It is only fair, in putting for ward this rattier doleful view of English society, to take into ^consideration the fact that Dr. Kerr is.aetrong partisan of total abstinence, and. would thus perhaps be Jed to somewhat exag gerate the «vil effects of the practice he wishes to abolish. . When last July a proposal emanated from a high quarter for ereotang a monument .in West minster Abbey to the ex-Prince Imperial, such universal opposition was excited by the sug gestion that most persons have imagined that tne project had been quietly allowed to drop. Nothing of the sort has happened. At a moment, when the departure of the Empress Eugenie for the scene of her son's death arouses a sym pathetic remembrance of her bereavement, while matters of the gravest public concern are press ing npon every one's attention, a casual para graph surprises us with the information that the statue to the son of the hero of Sedan is completed, and is on view in the studio of Mr. Boehm, the sculptor, await ing erection in the Abbey. It may be that the Dean of Westminster feels himself too far com mitted to withdraw the permission he so hastily gave ; bnt the majority of his countrymen ? would pardon an apparent vacillation much more readily than.an abuse of the trust confided to him as guardian of the venerable Abbey. Nothing l»as occurred to lessen popular disap proval of the project. On the contrary, the boast which that Bobadil of the Empire, Paul -3e Gaesagnac, has just indulged in, that he had often discussed the invasion of France with the ex-Prince, has added to its objectionable-ness. A compliment from England to the head of a party that would have entered upon a criminal strife with the friendly Government of France could not be construed otherwise than offen sively by oar thin-skinned neighbors. Tne ^matter having been brought before Parliament, - who left the matter in the hands of the etmsti- ' tuied authorities, the monument would ba re- ; yarded as having a distinctly national character in-epite of its being erected against the national ' wish. Under these circumstances it is to ba hoped that the protest which men of influence of all parties are signing may prevail with Dean Stanley, and so save him from sacrificing his well-de6erved popularity to a desire to oblige a few courtly personages, and the English people from an appearance of wanton discourtesy towards the tfrench. The revolutionary movement in Russia has been by no means crushed out. Within the last tew days a secret printing-press has been seized in St. Petersburg. Type set up for the third number of a revolutionary organ was foun-1. The MSS., however, in the room were burned by one of the men engaged in working the press, the police being kept at hay meanwhile by two men and two women, who fired upon them with revolvers. Following upon thisineident comes '. the'newe of a revolutionary proclamation, having been circulated throughout the capital, ad dressed by the students of the high schools to ftassian society. The students declare that the system of education adopted by the Government tends to keep the people in ignorance, to stunt their reasoning powers, and to incapacitate them for active life. They further announce their determination to fight the great Moloch, called the Russian Government, to the end, even though the best of them may perish in the struggle. It is eaid that the twenty fifth anniversary of the Czar's secession will be celebrated bythe proclamation of various reforms; The fact, however, that the Chios, a, leading Bussian paper, has; been pro hibited from printing advertisements for a month, in consequence, it is believed, of its having -called attention1 to the imprisonment of some Old Believers, one of whom has been con fined twenty-six iyeara, will not excite very sangoibe expectations; . -? From the rumors which were circulated after the recent spiritualistic exposure in London, it seemed that organised spiritualism in London had received a death-blow. A belief which has withstood such untoward experiences for a quarter of a century, however, is not so lightly disturbed. The British National Association of Spiritualists therefore announce that, nothing daunted, they have arranged for a new series of jeances and addresses. Their rooms a short time age were the scene of as distinctly fraudu lent a manifestation as could well be imagined. The medium (Miss Florence Cook) was bound to a chair, and in due course the spirit of a child made its appearance in the dimly lighted room. This was all according to the programme., and the sceptics ought to have gone away satis fied. Instead of this two gentlemen seized tha figure in the flowing robes, and found that they were wrestling not with a phantom but with flesh and blood, the ' materialised ghost ' being none other than the medium herself. There was no gainsaying the evidence, and the only course open to the association seemed to be to disown the medium or con fess themselves beaten. They did neither. Their secretary declared that the association and the medium were guiltless of any breach of faith, the untying of Miss Oook and her assump tion of the ghostly character being involuntary on her part. The spirits had actually caused her to counterfeit their presence. This explana tion, the secretary remarks, may appear 'strange' to the general reader, but it is per fectly satisfactory to those versed in spiritual investigations. Those outside that charmed circle will probably characterise the pro- ' ceeding by a stronger word than 'strange,' and will naturally question the value of further enquiry, if the spirits tamper with the evidence of their own existence. After this; those who remember the performances of Dr. Monck at Huddersfield, where a host of sus picious figures and appliances j were found in his' possession, will not be sur prised to hear that this well- known medium is to receive a testimonial. It is such facts as these which shake one's belief in the possibility of carrying through an honest and complete in vestigation of a subject which has puzzled some of our leading scientists. ? : The Manchester murder remains a mystery after all, and the result of the proceedings against Robert Heild, who was arrested on AQspicion of being concerned in the murder of the servant £irl Sarah Jane Roberts, although the charge publicly made was of perjury in ob , taining his emigration papers, will perhaps con vinee persons who have hastily -accused the. police of lack of energy that there is nothing to be gained by over-eagerness. Whatever jnight at first have been thought of the resemblance between the accused's known handwriting and that of the decoy letter which caused the murdered girl's employer to leave his home : while the deed was perpetrated, it is certain' that a week's careful enquiry failed to establish ?any sufficient ground for detaining Heild, and 1 as no one had any interest in proving the charge of perjury it was withdrawn. The reward of £100 offered for the discovery of the murderer has been trebled — a pretty sure sign that a clue is still wanting. ; Fog and cold such as for several weeks have been afflicting us make themselves dreaded from their serious effects on the public health, as well as from the per sonal discomfort and business embarrassments they eause. This winter London has had to sustain a more than usually trying visitation of her chronic enemy. Fog, chills, and Egyptian -darkness have oppressed us with a pertinacity from' which there was no esoape. The atmos phere within doors was Affected with the pre vailing dampness and depression, and in the : churches iast Sunday invisible preachers ad dresBed - congregations wrapped in obscurity. . Happily there is a change, but a terrible tale remains to be told of mischief wrought amongst - the luckless citizens. The week ending last Saturday was more fatal in London than any week since the cholera epidemics of 1849, 1854, and 1866. The death rate amounted to the ex traordinary height of 48-1 per thousand, or 1,637 more than in any corresponding week' for the last ten years. . .The nearest approach to it was in the week ending the 20th of December, 1873, : when the death rate rose: to 37'45 per thousand, .and when a similar fog prevailed. No English | provincial town suffered to anything like this ; extent, but in the Continental cities which have 1 been, subject to a like -visitation, a rapid in i crease in the rate of mortality has promptly followed. The horrors of a London fog must therefore be reckoned amongst the most formid able of the ills that flesh is heir to, and the : misfortune » that nothing can ba done to ; alleviate them. 