A DEPUTATION -will Trait upon die Premier to-morrow or Wednesday from die Municipal Association of Victoria to object to the reductions in tlie Government grants-in-aid to the municipalities, -which the Ministry have determined upon, and to ask that these grants may be restored to something like the old baas. We don't happen to know whether the deputation will ask that the complete system of endowment, -\rhich has obtained for the last five years, shall be continued, or whether the proposal will simpiy be that some of the districts, which the Government propose to exclude altogether from this year's distribution, shall be treated in a more generous spirit. If the latter should be the request the deputation ought to succeed, because, as we pointed out last Saturday, a number of shires are left out in the cold, which can ill afford to run alone at present, while there are some boroughs which are in the same fix; and to exclude these municipalities from all Government endowment—the more particularly as that senseless act of abolishing tolls is persisted in—would be most injurious to the districts thus dealt with, and, generally speaking, a decided blonder. But if the former be the object of the deputationif the intention is to press for a continuance of the Government endowment in its entirety—then we have no hesitation in saying that the delegates ought to fail in their mission, because it is utterly impossible the Government can comply with a re- quest of this nature. The evidence is unmistakably and unhappily strong that the finances of the country are not in a flourishing condition. Circumstances may favor a reduction of the deficit during the remainder of the financial year; and it is to be greatly hoped they will have this effect 'Bat the probability is that the deficit will not be wiped away, although a portion of it may disappear, unless there are considerable savings effected between now and the end of next June; for even with the new duties the revenue is not likely to prove so elastic as to accomplish this purpose. What is the Government to do, then, to make the two ends meet, if possible 1 What else can it do than it has been doing ever since it has been in office—reduce the cost of the civil -service, cut down the grants-in-aid to the local bodies, and save money in other ways to realise its very practical and sensible object? Some may say in reply to these questions, impose more taxes rather than reduce grants-in-aid. But the people are already sick of o being assailed in the pocket, and grow extremely restive under the operation; so that there is no hope that anything that could be done in this way would be accepted in preference to retrenchment. Moreover, whatever fresh taxes may be imposed at any time must fall upon property; and we think, as we have frequently said, that the Government is to blame for not having struck at this resource before. But, whenever property is assailed, it must be to lower the taxation that now falls upon the working classes—in other words, when absentees, fat dividends, rows of houses, and good incomes are attacked, there must be a corresponding reduction in some of the duties; or the working classes will not benefit to the valne of a pin's point by the alteration; and thus the change would be shorn of its chief value. Therefore, no aid towards keeping up the old rate of Government grants-in-aid can be sought in this direction; and it is simply idle to look to new ta$es for such assistance. As a master of fact, the Government b o o t H f b w w t d d c can only, as affairs stand, square the expenditure with the receipts, by cutting down the former; or the older we grow the deeper we shall get into debt, and less hopeful will be our financial condition. Consequently, we hold that the Government is doing quite right, in the general interests, by reducing the grants-in-aid to the local bodies, and saving money in other ways, because there is really no other way by which the finanqes can be restored; and no injustice is associated with working out the Object sought in this manner. The whole case, indeed, lies in a nutshell The Treasury is about .£600,000 behind; and new taxes, to bring in about £150,000 for the balance of the year, have been imposed. There is still £450,000 to save to square accounts; and the Government is endeavoring to save "this sum by reducing the cost of the civil service, cutting down the grants-in-aid, and avoiding other expenditures, to win the balance. This is eminently a legitimate and businesslike way to deal with the case; for, in the first place, it is the most effectual, and, in the second place, it avoids that confusion which would inevitably ensue if more taxation, without any reductions, were attempted. In addition, it is really obeying the dictum of the country, which has over and over again demanded retrenchment, the cutting down of the expenditure, or the carrying out of reductions wherever they can be judiciously and safely effected. Moreover, the cities and boroughs were told five years ago that at tile end of that period, the grants-inaid would cease, BO far as they were concerned; 60 that it cannpt be said that they are taken unawares, while the Government is effecting this redaction. Looking.at the matter, then, from a pounds, shillings, and pence point of view, as well as from the view just mentioned, it seems to as that, all things considered, the Government is acting quite in a rational manner in cutting down the local endowment vote, and that it is entitled to the sympathy of the whole public, instead of to the hostility of any portion of it, in these very necessary efforts. It is taking the only course available to put the finances of the colony in a sound condition, and at the same time keeping faith with the country; and a Government that is doing this is not deserving of attack, but on the contrary, of the heartiest support, and o£, the most earnest and cordial consideration. If, then, the- deputation from the Municipal Association of Victoria to-morrow or Wednesday intends to ask for the restoring of grants-in-aid to their old standard, it will do wrong. On the other hand, if it. amply asks that where injustice has been done—as it has been done, there can be no doubt, to the shires and some of the boroughs—that injustice shall be remedied, it will do what is right, and everybody will think well of its appeal, and wish it every success in its mission. Beyond this, however, no appeal against the Government proposals should be -made, because there must be reductions to make the revenue and expenditure square; or we shall require further taxation, not to deal, fairly with all classes, or to keep np grants-in-aid to their old standard, but to pay interest on the money which will have to be borrowed to save the Treasury from insolvency and repudiation. This is a. state of -things which the Government is endeavoring to avoid; and all possible aid should be given to it in its laudable exertions. At the same time the deputation may well ask the Government to provide a substitute for tolls, and to lose no time in effecting this purpose. THERE was an apparent dulness in the mining share market last week, with a falHng-off in the number of buyers, which is accounted for by the approach of the holidays, as mining investors are disinclined to enter into new business until the new year. However, stocks on the whole were very firm, and there was plenty of money available, either for investment in established stocks, or for speculation in new ventures. The best proof of this was in the case of the Hepburn Consols Company, 6000 shares in which were offered to the public at a premium of £1 each, but no less than £72,500 was received by the manager as application deposits for that number of shares. And yet another instance of the value of land formining purposes on the Smea ton plains wasthatoffche leasing of the Clover Hill section of the Seven Hills Extended Company's area when £9025 was paid, together with a pros- pective royalty of 1\ per cent on gold, for the right to mine on and* under about 740 acres along the course of what will doubtless prove to be the main trunk lead of the district. This confidence in the future mining resources of the district is of course warranted by the continued excellent jields from the mines already opened up in the locality, and, so far, the new ventures placed upon the market have everything in their favor towards a successful issue; but as there is a probability of two or three new speculations being placed before the public, with names indicating a close proximity to some of the successful mines, while the land to be mined upon is some distance away, those outside the district should be cautious in their enquiries before investing. This is an old experience, and we should be sorry to see anything of the kind occur which might tend to check the development of this extensive and promising goldfield. The Kingston stocks opened the week in most instances slightly in favor f buyers, but towards the close holders were firm again. Australasian, however, gradually gave way from £9 5s to £8 15s; and Australasian Extended, having receded from 15s 9d to 13s 6d, recovered on Saturday to las 6d. Madame. Berry showed a falling-off from £8 7s to £8 4s 6d, and Berry Consols from 57s 6d to 56s; while Lone Hand improved from £7 7s to £7 9s. Holders of Longhlin's and Lord Harry were firm, the former at £3 Is and the latter at 26s, but Spring FTill Leads fluctuated etween 12s and 10s 9d, the last sale f the week being made at lis. Seven Hills Extended had the best business f stocks in this locality, consequent on he satisfactory leasing of the Clover ill Estate, mentioned above, and the act of a dividend of £1 10s having een declared on Saturday. Opening ith sales at £8 17s 6d, a few lots ere quitted down to £S 10s, but owards the close of business on Saturay shares jumped to £10, with a good emand at that figure. With the exeption of Band and Albion Consols, which receded during the week from £5 10s to £5 4s, all Township Reef stocks were tolerably firm. Band and Barton No. 1 steadily advanced from 16s to 20s 6d; and Crescent, owing to the satisfactory fortnight's yield of 217 oz, -rose from 12s 9d to 19s Od. Serjeant's Freehold also had a strong demand each day, and sold from' 29s to 32s, but came back again to the opening figure. There was an.unaccountable fall in Washington shares from £1 6s to £1 3s 6d until the dividend of 3s 6d was paid, when a reaction took place, and sales were made to £1 6s and £1 5s 6d. There was not much business recorded in. Young Band, North Band, or any of the New Koh-i- Noor group of stocks. The mines north on this line, the Marshall's and Collis Washington, had a very fair business, the former at from 2s 5d to 2s 3d, and the latter at 2s 8d to 2s Sd, the appearances being in £aj"or of proving the continuation of the rich line of stone now being operated upon to the south. The old-established Egerton stocks were in better favor, Black Horse shares having advanced from £2 16s to £3 3s, consequent on the stoneshowing a better average; while the steady dividendpaying yields from the Egerton mine sufficiently account for the rise in that stock .from £4 10s to £4 12s fid. Parker's United declined -from £1 19s 6d to£l 13s, but a good demand then set in, and at the close the price improved to 35s. There was rery little business in the newly-formed ventures in this district Dunolly stocks, with the excep tion of Queen's Birthday, which sold at prices between £23 15s and £24, were almost neglected, and although were m inclined to recede on opening prices, there were few buyers forward.- Song Meng, Majorca, fell away from 39s 6d to 34s, . but there was no variation in the value of Homebosh stocks. At the dose of business Fr&sher;'s Freehold came into strong demand, and sold at from 2s to 3s 3d, the first small machine washed off from the western reefwash having shown a fair prospect, including two pieces 10 dwt and 4| dwt respectively. • The foregoing woe the principal features of the share market during the week. The following dividends have been declared during the week:—Lone Hand, 2s per share; Band of Hope Quartz, 2s 6d per share; City of Canterbury, 6d per share ; South Climes, 5s per share; Seven Hills Extended, £1 10s per share; New Crescent, Is per share; New Victoria, Is per share—total, £8480. The yields recorded below.amount to 3679 oz 11 dwt 20 gr, as against 5274 oz 8 dwt 10 gr for the previous term. Band and Albion Black Horse.. City of Canterbury Dubhess Dyke's.. Egerton Eureka Goldbrook .. Hurdsfield .. Hobart Pasha Hof⟩ Lone Hand -. Little Wonder New Victoria New Australasian North Huidsfleld New Koh-i-Noor Reform Bistori Racecourse Spring Hill Freehold Trunk Lead .. Young Band and Albion 14 s 22 E7 0 0 No return 172 s 0 16 10 3 73 18 O No return 59 4 0 41 O 0 13 10 12 E7 13 O 95 9 O 27 18 SS 19 186 17 62 12 13 IS IS 13 55 11 0 Black urn .. Golden Age, Browns No. £ Com Exchange New Lot hair.. New Kanparoo New North dunes.. New Koh-t-Noor .. New Crescent Parker's United .. Parade Speedwell Tribute .. Serjeant's Freehold Wilson's Freehold .. Washington Williams' Freehold 216 4 3 £3 4 4 3S 12 0 37 18 12 133 12 O S7 5 12 3 0 0 205 6 0 103 15 0 271 O O No return Ffcusher's Freehold (small machine) Lte (unspecified) .. 277 14 12 84 16 6 24 0 18 85 16 12 8 13 0 201 7 12 221-0 0 158 17 12 216 0 0 11 8 12 IB 7 O 234 11 158 0 0 890 10 39 12 0 2 O o A sad aad fatal accident happened to a _ telegraph line repairer named Nehemiah Barnes on Saturday. Barnes was engaged repairing the line along Skipton street, and to effect his work he had gone to the top of one of the poles from which the lines had been detached. Suddenly the pole snapped off short at the base, and fell; Barnes, who is a Heavy man, of course coming down with it. He must have fallen a distance of abont IS feet, and he came to the ground in such a manner that, his head striking against some hard substance, his skull was fractured behind one ear. The poor fellow was picked up in an unconscious state, and conveyed to the Hospital, where his injuries were attended to. From the first, however, very little hope was given of his recovery, and he gradually sank and died last evening. Barnes leaves aw"' a family of six children. We regret to record the death of Mr Upfold, mining engineer, which took place yesterday, from consumption. The deceased gentleman, during his long residence in this district, occupied a front place in the ranks of his profession, and leaves behind him works which bear testimony to his ability. Of a modest and unassuming disposition, he was esteemed and respected by a wide circle of sincere friends, who, we are -sure, will learn the tidings with unfeigned sorrow. At the close of business at the Court of Mines on Friday Mr Finlayson, on behalf of members of the bar practising in this district^ expressed the satisfaction Acting Judge Smyth had given to the bar, and thanked him for the uniform courtesy towards them, and the consideration shown for them and their clients—consideration which had put him to some expense of time and money m order to meet their convenience. They were aware that the term of his Honor -was nearly at an end, and they desired to take this opportunity of expressing their satisfaction at his practice, and their good will towards him. Mr John Hardy, on behalf of his brother practitioners, endorsed Mr Finlayson's remarks. His Honor said he felt great pleasure at hearing what Mr Finlayson and Mr Hardy had said, and remarked that it was a satisfaction to him to find that what he had done during his brief term on the bench had met with such general approbation.^ He had had similar compliments paid him in Hamilton, Horsham, and other towns, and he was highly gratified to hear that he had been able to perform his duties to the satisfaction of all parties. It was specially agreeable to him to hear the members of the Ballarat bar, gentlemen in their profession second to none In the colony, address him so, because from what had appeared in one of the leading Melbourne journals it, would seem as if he had given offence here. It was pleasing to see that in all eases which came before him he had not only not giren offence, but had presided so as to give satisfaction. Bia Honor then referred to the item in the Melbourne journal he had spoken of, in which it was said that in the case of Osborne v Ware, heard on Wednesday week last, that he had said he would send the jury back three times, and if they did not give lie verdict he asked for, then he would commit them for contempt of court for six hours. Further, that after a remark of Mr Finlayson's he had said he could lock the jury up for sixty years if he pleased. His Honor said on Friday he did not think the gentleman who corresponded for the paper would willingly make the mistake he had, but must have been misinformed in the matter. Hie circumstances were that in a previous case the jury had not to nonsuit by verdict, as the plaintiff agreed to a nonsuit. In the case of Osbome Ware' the plaintiff would not agree to the nonsuit he {his .Honor) had upheld, and it was necessary that the jury should bring in a formal verdict according to his direction. He had no desire to ^efeiin- the jury six seconds, it was to this purpo he had pointed out so clearly the necessity for their following his direction and nonsuiting the plaintiff. He certainly had no intention of waiting there sixty years for their verdict when he spoke of his power to lock them up, and he waa sorry that his jocular remark to the counsel had been misconstrued. Mr Smyth concluded by thanking the gentlemen for their, expression of satisfaction at his ruling, and said it would have been very unfortunate if, after bearing criticism for four months, he had failed at the clOBe of his term, to get th»good opinion of those whom, in the course of his professional duties, he came in contact with. People need to be very cautions at this season of the. year, when snakes are to be found wriggling about at our very doors. One of these reptiles, nearly 2 feet long, was observed on the footpath in front of Mr Aj F. Allchin's (saddler, of Victoria street) private house, in Bond street. It was nearly trodden upon by some young ladies, who were passing, who, it may be imagined, received a great fright. The snake then retreated through the fence into the front garden, and although diligent search was made by a number of people, aided by a strong jet of water, it could not be discovered It may be added that the usual quiet and tranquility of the family have not been, increased by this unwelcome visitor. Mr G. Milner Stephen, at the art room of the Academy of Music on Saturday, treated between twenty and thirty patients with even success, some of the evidences of the ! effects of the power he exerted being hailed with applause by those who were present. The brilliancy of the weather seemed to assist the process of alleviating the sufferings of those who came unaer his treatinent, Mr Stephen himself remarking that he had seldom, if ever, been more powerful than he was on Saturday morning. Most of his patients were persons tmfering ftom pains which had become chronic, and in every instance their pains were relieved. In one or two cases be "ordered" pains away, and they left the patient at his bidding. One patient, who hid been treated on Monday lor sciatica,-returned, saying he was troubled with fugitive pains, and Mr Stephen informing him that that was not an uncommon occurrence, after treatment chronic pains becoming fugitive, and finally leaving the system, relieved him. One case of goitre was treated on Saturday, and after Mr Stephen had passed his hands over the glananlar enlargements, they were reduced In size. Bheamitic p*inn_ of years' standing, com- plained of by one patient were almost infltantty tbe operator 8 hands were laid on the patient, removed, and in another case a patient suffering so from ibenmatism that he could only walk into the room by the aid of two sticks, was BO improved by treatment that he walked out of the room quite firmly, leaving his sticks with a friend. Several cases of loss of hearing were treated, and one specially remarkable was that of a man who complained of painB in his head, anddeafnera. His pains were at once removed, and Us hearing so improved that he could hear eves slight noises, such as the snapping of fingers. Mr Stephen continues his treatment to-day, and on the conclusion of his work here, goes to Maiyborough. A collision between two vehicles, which might have resulted seriously, happened at the Bridge street dousing, near the Buck's Head hotel, yesterday. A light bi which were a young lady and gentleman, was being driven eastwards into Bridge street as a cab was coming westwards out of it. The two vehicles somehow collided, but fortunately not with sufficient violence to hnrt the occupants of either. The only damage done was the bending of the front axle of the buggy. A man named Coates, who has a selection of "SO acres on the Dog Trap Creek, near Kangaroo, is missing, and has not been seen ranee Saturday, the 11th instant, when he was at Kangaroo. As he lived alone, his absence was not noticed for several days, when a neighbor found that the animals about the farm bad not been attended to, and that Coates was not to be found anywhere about. On Friday and Saturday last the police and some others were searching for Coates, but late on Saturday afternoon no trace of him had been found. _ The police received intimation on Saturday, night pat a couple of young men, surrounded by aringof sightseers, Were holding a pitched battle in Mair street. Sergeant Carden and Constable Brennan- proceeded to the place of the afiray, and found that the company had adjourned for refreshments, intending to complete the issue at a lata hour, in the Market square. In this place tbe officers ambushed, and by a concerted flank move-" ment came upon the. ring, within which two fellows, "peeled," were trying conclusions. The shiny hat, nnder the moonlight, proved a most effective danger signal, and, before the officers could approach closely enough to identify any one of the crowd, or the combatants, the assemblage had adjourned nine die and dissolved. The sergeant pursued one of the "peeled" ones, but he was too active for the officer, and negotiated the fence round the square before the sergeant could serve the writ of attachment he carried. Constable Brennan had gone after the other combatant, and, being the speedier, overhauled and captured him. Out of the whole crowd, and the fighters—all of whom were liable to prosecution for their connection with the affair—this was the only prisoner made. The officers took him to the lock-up, where he gave the name of Robert Long, and where he was incarcerated pending a prosecution against him at the City Police Court to-day. The remains of Br Adam Young, of the Prince of Wales Lodge, 4341.C., were interred in the Smythesdale cemetery yesterday afternoon, a number of the brethren of the lodge, and some visiting brethren, preceding the cortege to the grave, where the impressive funeral ceremony of the craft was performed; after which the brethren returned to the lodge-room, and broke up in the usual manner. The city mayor, in his fortnightly report to be submitted at the council meeting this afternoon, says:—"The desirability of establishing a museum at Ballarat has been frequently suggested and approved; but it is a thing that cannot be done at a short notice, and it is doubtful if a collection worthy the name could be got together for some years to come; but I think it should be kept steadily view, and every opportunity be availed to obtain objects of interest that could form the nucleus of a future museum. A good commencement might thus be made in course of time at a slight cost. I have no doubt there are many old residents who m^y have on, hand mementoes of the early times of Ballarat, which would find a fitting place in such a collection, and I think it would not be amiss if a circnlar letter were addressed to them asking donations of anything suitable that they may be willing to devote to that object." Although the weather was very warm yesterday, it did not in any way interfere with the attendance at the lake and gardens, as both places were visited by large numbers of people. The steamers, Princess, Ballarat, Queen, and Wendouree, together with other boats, were kept busily employed the whole of the afternoon carrying passengers to and fro, as also were the vehicles running to those places. Messrs Bndden and Glenny, J. P., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday morning, and discharged a female inebriate. A very old man named James Grierson was charged with lunacy, and ordered to be sent to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum, on the certificates of Drs Bnnce and Holtliouse. At the Town court, Mr Anderson, J.P., cleared the sheet. Julia Kelly was charged with having stolen, on the 17th instant, a waterproof cloak, valued at Is Gd, the property of Euphemia Goodfello'w. The prisoner was remanded till to-day. Saturday was a very unfavoralie day for the fishermen, and consequently few good baskets of fish were taken. The best basket, so far as we could learn, was taken by Mr Harrision and Mr J. M. Bickett The largest. fish weighed h oz short of 31b, and was IS inches long, and very fat. The fish in tiie lake this year appear to be numerous, and in fine condition. An ordination service wns held at the pro- Cathedral yesterday, when the Right Rev. the Bishop of Ballarat ordained Mr W. P. Howell priest. The bishop was assisted by tbe Revs. E. H. Gulliver, G. S. Radcliffe, and H. W. H. Adeney; the last-named gentleman preaching the ordination sermon, taking as his text the 47th verse of the 24th chapter of St. Luke's Gospel. As an impression pre vails thatfortUeChiistmas night concert at the Academy a large number of tickets have been issued, we are requested by the committee to state that only 1600 tickets have been issued, which is no more than sufficient to fill the house comfortably. At the same time the committee can only caution the public to take up their tickets at once and attend'early, as no cash will be taken at the doors until half-past seven. To seat the large audience expected, extra seating will be provided for all parts of the house, and plenty of willing and civil assistants have been engaged to look after the comfort of the audience. A notice appears in our advertising columns warning conn try visitors to engage their seats at once at Mr Harrison's, Shirt street, or purchase their tickets at Messrs Sutton and Co.'s, Sturt street. A huge number of people congregated around Messrs Fitzgerald Brothers' drapery establishment on Saturday night, the object of attraction being a tree representative of "Father Christmas." Hie tree, which was about three feet high, had about twenty small jets of gas fixed to it. On its branches was hong a large number of Christmas cards, and altogether it was a very neat little affair. The full strength of the Ballarat Troop of P.W. Light Horse are expected to be present at dismounted parade this evening, at Craig's stables, at a quarter-past seven, to be inspected by Colonel Anderson,. commandant- The colonel is to be accompanied by Colonel Downs, R.A., .commandant of the South Australian volunteer force, who, While on a visit to this colony, is anxious to see the working of our military system. Tunics and bushies to be worn. The Sunday services in connection with the Mount Pleasant Wesleyan Sunday school anniversary were concluded yesterday. Three impressive sermons were delivered, at each sarrice to large congregations. In the afternoon and evening especially, numbers could not be admitted, and were obliged ts> return home disappointed. At the evening service the minister proposed to hold the service in, the open atr, but suitable arrangements 1 could not be made for the comfort of the audience. The Rev. Angwin, Rev. "Clark (Baptist), and Rev. H. Powell conducted morning, afternoon, and evening- service. The singing of the children at cach service was pronounced by critics to be excellent, and was well under the control of tie leader, Mr Blight. Miss A. Champion presided at the organ with her nswd ability. The tea meeting will take plao&en; Christmas Day. Mr John Robson gave one of his popular recital entertainments, at Haddon last Fnday, for the benefit of the Church of England Sunday school, the proceeds being about £4. The pieces aelacfced were—'' Othdlo's address to the Senate," "Scene from 'Macbeth,'" "Fallot WoJsey," and "The battie cry of Henry V." (from Shakespeare), "Hunting for a house" (Roy), "Fanny Squeertf court- ship" (Dickens), "The ikberiy ehildren" (Book), and " A vision jnfinitp space*' (De Quincey). -As usual, Mr Robson soon chained the attention of his audience, and chained it to the last. Daring' * short interval Mrs Greig, of Sago Hill, saag " Far away, yet ever near," and, with Mk JE. Twiss, a duet, "The life stream and tile river." The chairman thanked Mr Boteu for his effort on behalf of the school. A musical and elocutionary entertainment in aid of the prize fund of State. school No. 980, Scarsdale, was given in the local town hall oo Friday evening last, by the pupils of the stthool, and sometime before the hour for commencing the proceedings the ball was crowded in i every corner, many having to leave without obtaining admission to the building, the excellen oe of a similar entertainment given a year ago having capsed a very general desire to witness the efforts of the scholars for their amusement. Mr D. M. Davie*, M.L.A., commenced the proceedings by delivering a brief addnws, in the course of which he remarked that the liberal provisions of the Education Act had made Victoria known throughout the civilised world, and that M. de Montanahou, the French Ihspector-General of Schools, told him thatheliad been sent to Victoria entirely for the purpose of studying the State school system. An excellent programme of songs and duets was then rendered by the children; Mr Crisp, the school singing master, acting as conductor, ' and "Mr Ilugli Yonng and Miss Young presiding at the pianoforte. Those who aided in this part of the entertainment were:— Misses L. and Jane Yonng, Masters Colin and Hugh Young, Master Bell, Misses Gordon and Spikins, upper 6th class boys, Master Willaton, the French, class; Masters Peart, Croy, Clarkson, Walker, and A. Young; Master Griffin, five infanta. Masters Koefoed and Walker, the school, Master G. Peart, 6 th class; the MissesYoung, Powell, and JfCormack; Master W. Young, Miss Gillies, 5th class boys. Master and Miss Tolliday, upper6th girls. "A parliamentary debate on a bill to make matrimony compulsory" followed, in which Master Koefoed (as the hon. member for Newtown), Master Croy (as the hon. member for Black Hill), and Master W. Young as the hon. member for Scarsdale) took part. The other members who spoke were—Masters Hugh Young, A. Bell, R. Stephenson, W. Pattinson, and T. Kidd; Speaker of the House, Master George Peart; sergeant-at-arms, Master H. Palmer; clerks, Masters Booth and Walker. The recitations, songa, &c.;, were all given in excellent stole, and in a manner highly ereditabU to the head teacher (Mrs Streeter) and her assistants, who must have taken great pains and spent much time in the preparation of the scholars. One thing that was very noticeable was -the entire absence of nervousness on the part of the young performers, who all seemed' so well acquainted with their parts or recitations that they had not the slightest doubt of their ability to render them correctly. The parliamentary debate on a bill to make marriage compulsory caused great amusement, and some of the arguments of the youthful speakers could be used with effect in the present controversy on the subject of a bachelor tax. The bill, by the bye, was on a division carried by the historic majority of "five" votes. At the conclusion of the programme Mr A Young, M.L.A., apologised for the absence of Major Smith, and complimented the teachers of the Scarsdale school on the high standard of the instruction given, and on the excellent position the school occupied at the last examination for results, and the proceedings closed by the speaker of the house pntting the motion in proper form, "That the house do now adjourn to thii day twelve months," which was carried unanimously. A team from the Creswick Bowling Club visited on Saturday last the Central Bowling dub at the latter's green in Mair street, and, as will be seen, were defeatsd, after playing a game of two and a half hours' duration. The weather was everything that could be desired, and'the visitors thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The green was-rather "keen," playing much quicker than the Creswick green, and this, no doubt, tended to swell the majority by which the victors won. Ample justice was done to the edibles provided by Mr M'Kenzie, of Bridge street, which were, as usual, ample, and of excellent quality; and at the conclusion of the match the customary toasts were very happily proposed by Mr Eaglestone for the Central, and Mr Orr for the Creswick. The following are the scores:—Ballarat Central B.C.—No. 1 rink—Leggo, Newall, Cooke, Pope (captain); total, 40. No. 2 rink—Howling, M'Elroy, Cahill, Gay (captain)—total, 29. No. 3 rink—Curtis, Preshaw, Creber, Taylor (captain); total, 28; grand total, 87. Creswick B.C. — No. 1 rink —Cahill, Williams, Trcthowan, Tait (captain); total, 19. No. 2 rink—Rowell, Martyr, Provan, Orr (captain); total, 26. No. 3 rink—Gilbert, Comyns, Collier, Riordan (captain); total, 22; grand total, 07—the Central thus winning by 30 points. Next Saturday and Monday, and Saturday and Monday, the 1st and 3rd January, are gazetted public holidays in all the Qovemmont departments. Mr S. O'Neill is gazetted temporary warden's clerk at Buninyong, Messrs H. Greaves and D. Gibson are appointed members of the board of advice for the east riding of Creswickshire. A sale of Crown lands in fee simple will take place at Avoca on the 18th January. The next court of general sessions will lie held in Ballarat on the 7th April, and at dunes on the 5th April. The next county court will be held at Ballan on the 19th March, and at Blackwood on the 18th March, Master John Minnis Shaw has kindly given a highly burnished triangle to the Orphan Asylum band, which the superintendent thankfully acknowledges. During the past week 123 indoor and 489 outdoor patients were treated at the Ballarat Hospital. Wc are requested to call the attention of the public to the fact that forms of applicaspecting the leasing of certain lands in Kimbeney district, Western Australia, can be obtained at the District Land Office, Ballarat. Messrs O'Farrell and Son sold by public auction, at their sale-yards, on Saturday, for the Lai Lai Falls Turf Club races, the following booths, fee.:—No. 1 booth, Mr Muter, £42 10s; No. 2 do, Kir James Noonan, £36; No. 3 do, Mrs M*Cann, £37; the right to charge at the gates, Mr T. Capel, £15 5s; the right to charge for admittance to the and stand, Mr Armstrong, £8 10s. The •ncing booth was bought in at 35s, and the right to print cards in connection with the races was knocked down at £5. Amongst the entertainments provided for the Ballarat public at the coining holiday season, that of Professor Jonas at the Mcohanics' Institute will be entitled to a full share of patronage. The performance will be a speciality in its way, for besides the rtral illusions, there wUl be a really firsts company of vocalists to take part in the entertainment, most of whom are already well known here in connection with opera. Miss Octavia Lane, late of Lyster's opera troupe, is the leading soprano; and Miss Maud Walton, the favorite contralto, will be well remembered in connection with the Simonsen company; as also Mr Charles Florence, the popular tenor. But besides those mentioned, there axe Miss May Vivian, character actress and vocalist; Miss Jessie Williams, ballad vocalist; Miss V. V ivian, Messrs T. Brown (late basso in Simonsen's opera company), C. Fitzgerald, tenor; Messrs Gilmore and Keenan, negro vocalists and dancers; Mr Tom Buckley, the well-known comedian; Mr J. C. Chapman, R. U. Mnller, illusionists; the Jonas family, and others. So that there will be no lack of variety. The principal opening representation will be, we nncerstand, the mythical opera of 4 'Faust and Marguerite," which" will bS given with all the principal music, and be followed by a versatile entertainment, in which the ghosts illusions will form an important part. Wears requested to state with reference to a paragraph in Saturday's issue dealing with the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency, that it is one of the oldest and most successful companies in the colonies, its agencies extending throughout New Zealand and New South W ales, and the company has already seenred the premises of Messrs J. H. Clough and Co., in Melbourne, together with the goodwill of that firm for the-eondoctmg of the already increasing VicUrian bade. The attendance at the Exhibiti<M on Friday was as follows:—By single ticket, 3310; season ticket holdesv 153; miscellaneous, 1830; total 5283. A petition (says the Argus) 'was in cotese of signature on Friday in the Britdafe and foreign courts asking the executive committee to close the Exhibition on Christmas Day. Up to five p.m. (he document had been signed by the representatives of ahbut 400 firms. In any case, it is the intention of many exhibitors to roveroptheircasesanCbiisbnasBay. The ground of their application is thatitisthe only holiday vhich they can hope to obtain oaaadonfor l ™ ^ bition, and erm ff^lS- J should be c S thT^l 01 t! f, e themselves T^aft^o^" 5 <i» will not be interfraedwdth. jolIectK* ^Kmnted to feari^M lowers is to give an address thi. - ** Efcenezer CfeSrf,; ™ wT?. Sf ™ h&» to promote it" m ^^l^ani o Glenlywishire cSstncil ™ SS^ f ,«* Some «ne ^ O T a S ™ " ^ tat cilto send to the CaEOanainT" * -"'urn s»youn£ mae named hai bya kck In the b rendered incapable of taking e ? -at the anytime mJSSE^.l^™^ ^^? aIDtenanee ' amounts SST^ 1^ conunitt « ofthea^S t: £18 odd per ^vum. On theS^S coming before the counei!, it waTmS? 1 cuased, and ^ i S t E Uncharged was within a few shillinsTrf^? the larjje subsidy o b S T o ^ S which, it was contended, was riven toS such cases as the one referred to. uX these circumstances, and in view rf tt •TSI 8^^ £ solved that a donation of £3 3s IK nrnde. On receipt this, committee of ttaeaSC rredved that Hennesy should be retX to the shire "in charge of a trash™rtfcv person. On the arrival of the Malmsbmt coach o&cers; at of Glenlyon the asylum on Thursday, brought Hennessy one of the to tiie shire hall, and notified that heahodd leave him there unless the council handed ova- the sum due on tife existing amount and gave a guarantee for the payment of £10 per annum m the future. Councillors Lewis and Porter expressed themselves as against seeing Hcnnessy go to gaol as a vagrant, and succeeded in passing a motion gnaranteeiaz the sum due, and also the cost of Hennesstfl maintenance in the future. On this bei™ done, the unfortunate patient and his chanre returned to the asylum. The matter u however, now somewhat mixed, and the whole affair will doubtless be warmly dig. A meeting of the Cabinet (says the Age) took place on Friday at the Chief SecretaQ- : 8 office. It was determined, after some consi. deration, to bring in, dnring the cominj week, a Supply Bill to provide for the D? cember and January salaries, and the Beer and Tobacco Duties bills, as the temporary measures just passed will expire this mantk The Land Biff and (he Land Tax Amendment Bill will also be dealt with in the coming week, and passed if possible. If these measures are agreed to and disposed of ' before Thursday next, the Government will adjourn the House fbr a fortnight for the Christmas and New Year holidays. But if they are not passed next week, the Government will have to continue the session from day to day until all the orders on the noticepaper are cleared off Mr Beny has despatched a telegram to Sir Henry Partes, intimating that neither he nor Mr Yale wili be able to attend the Intercolonial Conference. TheOiief Secretary (says the Argus) forwarded a telegram to Sir Henry Pukes on Friday, intimating that in consequence of unexpected proceedings in the Legislative Assembly it would be impossible lor him and for his colleague to attend the proposed sitting of the Intercolonial Conference in January. Mr Berry adds that, immediately on receipt of a reply from Sir Henry Parka he will communicate with the Governments of the sister colonies. The Geelong Advertiser understands that the hon. the Minister of Lands has decided to remove all Crown lands bailifis to different districts. The Herald says (hat at Emerald Hill a large qnantity of dynamite caps are in circulation. Messrs M*Lean Bros, and Bigg have a small special store on the south side of the Yarra, where they store them. A few days since this store was broken into by some boys, it is believed, and they broke open a case, ripped np the zinc inner case, and carried off about 2000 of the caps. The occurrence was at once reported to the police, but nothingwas beard for some days, when the authorities ascertained that a lad at Emerald Hill, in probing one of the articles with his knife, caused it to explode in his hand, and bad three of his fingers blown off. It is not believed that the injured lad was concerned in the robbery. In our last issue (remarks the DiponMre Advocate) a paragraph appeared to the effect (hat the manager of the Hobart Pasha Company, Waterloo, had sent into Beaufort for police protection, owing to the unruly conduct of several of the miners engaged in the mine. We are informed by the manager that the statement was not correct, inasmuch as it was not the miners who caused the disturbance, but, on the contrary, the miners had been suffering through the truckmen not keeping the dirt (dear from the laces, and they (the miners) had repeatedly complained to the manager that they could not make anything like wages while this state of things was allowed. It was after these repeated complaints had been made that it was determined to call for tenders for truckers, and when the new truckers proceeded to work they were obstructed by old ones, which led to the police being sent for. A decision was given in tlis Supreme Court on Friday, in a case of ex parte Bond, on the validity of the condition inserted in the leases nnder the Land Act, that no asmnent, whether by operation of law or lerwise, of the lease should have any effect unless and until the Governor in Council should sanction the same, and till this was registered in the Lands Office, and the instruments were to take priority not from their date bnt from the regietratioB. A person named Godfrey obtained, on lit December, 1S79, a lease of land of which he had previously been licensee, to him, his executors, administrators, and approved assigns, for seven years, subject, among other conditions, to the one referred to. On the 2nd March, 1880, the Colonial Bank registered a Ji. fa. against the land, and a sale nnder this f . was held, and a transfer from the sheriff to the bank under this writ 'was registered 6th May. On the lath April, a person named Bond lodged a fi. fa. against the land, and on the 10th May (four days after the transfer to the bank was registered) a transfer to Bond was sent in to be registered. Bond obtained the sanction of the Governor in Conned to his transfer prior to the bank obtaining a sanction to its transfer. He registrar refused to register the transfer to Bond, as there had been already a valid transfer to the bank, and the condition in the lease to Godfrey, (hat there should be no transfer by operation of law without consent of the Governor in Council, was ultra are*. The court was of opinion (says the Argus) (tat the registrar was right, that althongh there were restrictions in the act of l^amj™' against any claim being made on the land of aUcensee, there were not such restrictionson a lessee; that the regulation wa&vUra; rare«, and even if it were not, it was framed in such a way as would be binding only on the lessee, and not on third parties. For these reasOM the court upheld (he registrars refusal to register the transfer to Bond. At the Central Criminal Court on Friday {says (he Argun) Win. Galbraith Beid, late postmaster at Coburg, pleaded guilty ™ 4 ehaige of embezzling Government moneys, and was sentenced to eighteen months hard labor. The Belfast correspondent of the Hamilte* Spectator writes :—" We have in our inan^ diate neighborhood a landed proprietor wtoee notoriety for pennriousmess is wide5pr*»~» and on no occasion to escape the paymea^ money is the opportunity lost. Hisja® last year appeared on the Land Tax reffswr for a large quantity of land in thethirdcuss. but though still resHent on the proferty, and no disposal of the estate having l**® reported on this year's list of persons torn taxed, our worthy friend's name am appear. There's keen some mpnre»vr™£- The crops round Morrisons, «Sh the exception o£ wheat, are (says the beawr Advertiser) had. Some of the hay W scarcely pa; for cutting. Mr George LanseJl, mine-owi**. Sandhurst, treated 150 ol the miners mlhis employ ta» trip to the Melbourne Exhibition 5n Sakmday. They wee «mvey«rftotne metropolis early in the morning, and Sandhurst in the evening, each carried by a train which was paid for of this wealthy minsowner, the Ben^S®' dependent says:—"Mr George I*nsel/ wealthy speculator among speculators. example, from one claim — the United Hostler's anil Redan—he drew in dividends £48,900 in 683 days. This is at the rate of nearly £69 per day, or £483 per week. His income, therefore, from that one company alone is at the rate of 523,116 per year; and to produce sricli a revenue from this mine the invested capital was not one tithe of the profits.'' The railway commissioner of New Sonth Wales (says the Argus) lias issued his annual report, which shows the expenditure to the first of the year to Ire £11,411,349, bearing £471,887 interest. The net earnings amounted to £347,645. The mileage for traffic opened is 734i miles, and the average merchandise earnings per mile is £1343, and tlie'expenditure £S53. Tramways show excellent results, yielding 91 percent dividend. The Hon. W. J. Clarke's yacht Janette lias proved herself (says the Oeelong Advertiser) to be a fast sailer, for it only took her four hours and a quarter from the Yarra street wharf to her moorings in Hobson's Bay. Slie carried a stiff breeze with her till off Portarliugton, when the wind died a.vay. aud the reef in the mainsail was shaken out. Had the cutter had all her sails set, her captain thinks she would have accomplished the distance in three hours and a half. The Age says that anew English opera company has arrived in Melbourne from England, under the management of Mr George Musgrovc, the nephew of the late Mr Vt. S. Lystev. The opera 111 which the new company will make their first appearance on Boxing night is Offenliach's latest work, " La Fills du Tambonr Major." The company consists of Miss I'atti Lavcrnc (prima.donna), Mr Albert Brcnnir (tenor), Air Fred. Mervyn (baritone), Mr J. H. Halliwell (bass), with Mr J. K- Wallace, who will be remembered as the talented stage manager and comedian of the Sold rue Opera Company; and lastly, an old Melbourne favorite, Sir H. H. Harwood, whose reappearance will doubtless be hailed with delight by his many admirers and old friAids. Several of the artists we have mentioned have achieved great reputations in England with their respective roles in the 'most of the well-known opera boufies. Other members of the new company who will appear include the names of Miss Agnes Consuelo, Miss Minnie Hope, Miss Julia Barber, Miss Una Brooks, Miss Alice lleid, Miss Ethel Fellowes, and Miss Marie Trevannion. The well-known local artistes, Miss Maggie LiddeU, Miss Jessie Grey, and Mrs Woouidge have been also engaged for the new company. The proposal of the Government (says the Argus) to dispense with any long adjournment at Christmas has not given general satisfaction iu the Assembly, and it is reported that an effort will be made by a section of their own supporters to cany an adjournment until the tirst or second week in Februaty. The Mauritius correspondent of the South Australian Rfgixtrr, writing from Port Ixjois on 4th November, states:—"Sir George Bowcn with family leaves for England this month, aud he will be replaced by the Hon. F. Napier Browne, C.M.G., who has just received a commission passed under the Royal sign manual and signet, appointing him Lieutenant-Governor of the colony of Mauritius. Lady Bowen last week was the victim of an accident. She was taking a ride in a carriage not far from her residence," the Reduit, when the horses grew mad and ran away. The coachmau was hurled down from his seat, and the carriage capsized. Dr Duke managed to stop the horses and rescue Lady Bowcn from impending death. Fortunately her ladyship was -only slightly bruised, and is now completely recovered from the consequences of the accident. The Hoyal Rtan.lard L.O.L., No. 3, will mlet at the Buck's Head hotel this evening at the usual hour. A full rehearsal of " Pinafore" will be held this evening, at the usual place, at eight o'clock. A full attendance is desired. The honor list of Queen's College, Dana street, will l>a found iu our advertising columns. The distribution will take place at Christ Church school this afternoon at four o'clock. 