CASQUE & COWL A Tale of tlio French Revolution. By the author of 'TheXiIy and the Bose.or the Fruit . : f that Forbidden lVee Amateurs and Artists.' Homeless, and Friendless,' 'How Year's Chimes,' &c.; CHAPTER XXVII, — Continued. Poy Gatllabd. , . . The sultry hours passed in dim succession he grow weak and . faint from pain and Iobb of blood. A fever burned like -fire in his veinB, his brain grew dissy, he lost half his con- sciousness, and rode on as in a dream. Things flitted by in. a sort of shadow laud, impalpable and unreal. He seemed to be hurrying through endless space, how and whither he could not tell. The sun began to sink in the western fiky, it glared like an angry eye, full of menace and fire j and his horse flagging at every step, though he struggled bravely on. . At last the towers and walls of La Rockelle, faintly visible for many a mile, grew into strong relief, he Baw them through a mist approaching; they came to him ho did not go ' to them ; and La Font lay half a league beyond —only half a league, but he knew he should never get there now. Ere the sun went down, as the Count de Cxtncne rode out from the city gates to bear . some commission to his royal mistress, he saw a horse black ns.ebony all flecked with dust and foam and crimson drops, advancing towards him with a , short convulsive step, and bearing a v drooping rider as worn and jaded as himself, and . recognised beneath the nodding plume and helmit and ghastly features of his fellow- courtier whom they had all given up as dead. .tie and his attendants were instantly ou foot, T!nS,h\m to dismount, but Raimond could not stand, he fell half insensible in their arms. Scarcely knowing what he said or did, but still possessed with the one idea of the Queen's danger, he drew off the ring she had given him « Avr ,nto 1)0 ©niche's hand. « .'il'ik'ji,'0 Queen»" he said impetuously ; T.p Mi lr h®,? royal word to return to .La JKochelle to-night. . " To-night I" exclaimed De Guiche. " It iB impossible her Majesty hath only beenfgone two hours. If you have despatches of such im- . " 10 Raimond heard him as in a dream. " Dos- patches, he murmured, "they- have been delivered, hut the Queen, I must see her to- «rr- ? night, De Guiche, you swear it." . ills brain is overwrought," said De Guiche formPpd3S10natei' "tN wonder he hath per- T Zn f tho"ght " was his ghost, shall take the Queeu the ring, yes — yes, I "rivai «» But Raimond heard no more, he had entirely swooned away. They sent for a litter and boifnd n v? ln anj laid him on a conch, and bound his wounds, and recovered him as best M the ieebIe skiI1 thoy could boast m those days. But ho woke in a raging fever, and raved wildly of the Queen his horse, and Puy Guilford. v , i,«Tbe «n® da7 con?e to ifca ise at last, and the hours of peril _and darkness arrived. Night dTw0rv,611 onr the face of sleeping nature! and weared eyehds c osed in blissful dreams when a force seven hundred strong crept up +hZ?i f shadwa swiftly and stealthly through the silent night, and fell with sudden swoop upon the unprotected town. A. shrill triumphant mocking blast startled on6 |P?rs J0 their peaceful slumbers, and sounded m loudest discord around the lodging crotdpd Fbey forced the doors and crowded up the stairs, swarmed through every P0netrated t0 her sleeping aparty ment, but the royal guest had departed. «n P ®dge she had been called upon Bad Z a »nexPctedly to redeem, she obeyed the frenzied summons and accompanied De Guiche back to'La Rochelle. The morning and noon brought fresh horse- men, too late to warn the Queen of her danger, but the news of the night attack had already i.r;SS«sr" .vdKus tales arrived! ; of .-ids. niiraeulous . . escapes, his wonderful horse, and unequal rm D,011 r0ad- Prom all the country, round they came to see the horse that had narMtiTZn ' brn suoh a gallant part in the Queen's rescue, and Jeanne herself . visited and provided for the noble animat. . The tale was told far and wide, , by cottage hearts and lonely chalets, on the deserted hill- Mfnll Zn mnf,bI ,bard and troubadour in 1 and lady 8 wer : and for years fZe'n an uATnt?d souncl of hoes hoofs, . -ho CHAPTER XXVIII. ; ;; faithful are the wounds. ofa friend.' " I offer thee not what men call lore 1 ' : 'But wilt thou accept not " The worship the heart lifts above, ) "I And the heavens reject not ? no :?; , .. .Tho_ desire of the moth for the'siar,- Ji- 'Of the day for the morrow ; ' -- ; .: The devotion to- something afar . ' From tha scene of oursorrow," ' ' . ' v. —Shelley, ' For many days Raimond foy iu a 'fluctuating state - between life and death, in ' accesses of wld delirium in which his mind ran riotously over the events of the past days, and burning fever, seemed to course through his throbbing veins, sapping up his life, whilst the ring1 of his , .horse's hoofs ever beat upon his . brain. He sayedof the Queen, Puy Guillard, and his horse v m ono unintelligible mdlde, aud .to these accesses would, succeed days of .utter prostration,' when V he Jtty in a death-like tranee and; every breath ... '.. . espected to be,his lost. , ..' , ' There was mourning for him througiibut the . - . . . P.aJa% . i bad won , himself , a.place.in the . hearts of all. The Queen's physicians wore in attendance, by her command they never left him day or night, and she was kept in constant intelligence of his variable condition. Even the royal countenance shared the universal gloom that reigned around. During all those weeks tho Queen was never seen to smile, till she heard of some improvement in his condition, but-comported herself with the gravity due to the critical state of one who had twice risked his life for hers. Meantime the treacherous peace was concluded when young Henry of Navarre had pushed his victorious arms within sixty miles of Paris, and forced the nerveless King and his bigoted mocher to respect the rights of Queen Jeanne and his Huguenot subjects. Great were the rejoicings at La Rochelle at the conclusion of the war and the valour of their Prince. The Queen alone looked grave ; she had suffered so much from Queen Catherine's enmity all her life, Bhe could not expect good from her now. She knew too well the treachery of that smooth plausible nature, the wiles that had been so successfully exerted to estrange her from her husband, and she could not forget the insults and injuries she had received and might yet receive at her hands. She knew she had ever been an object of unmitigated hatred to Catherine, not only as being the head of the League, but for having' on every occasion seen and evaded her plots and machinations ; there fore she looked on all the concessions and flattering words of Charles and his mother with distrust and suspicion. " Can the Queen who nover forgives, pardon me ? she asked of the too sanguine Coligny. Yet she sympathised with her people's pleasure at the prospect of peace, aud welcomed back her young hero with every demonstration he could desire. It wa3 August when peace was proclaimed and all the city made holiday, the church bells rang gaily all day long, and the streets were garlanded with flowers and filled with joyous throngs. Banners fluttered, cannons boomed, and joyous voices filled the air. The sounds of merriment penetrated even to the chamber whore life and death held such equal struggle, and Raimond, weak and worn, reclined on a couch hear the window, too weak to think, but wondering in a dreamy manner at his own position and the scenes going on around bim. Poace was proclaimed in the great Square in the presence of the Queen aud all her court, and then her Majesty, having attended service in tlie cathedral, completed her triumphal pro gress round the city to the great door of the castle, where she alighted aud dismissed the cort&je; which hod attended her. The last rays of the setting sun streamed over her as she stood bowing her graceful adieux to the adu lating throngs ; the pillared entry framed her in on either side, the light arch tapering to a point above her head ; behind were the cool depths of the stone-paved hall, into which she turned and vanished with her brilliant train, wearied with the stato she could uever lay aside, and with a sad foieboding at heart that all these rejoicings were being wasted on a hollow truce and moBt treacherous peace. The warm sunbeams streaming through the coloured windows cast , ruby strains upon the floor, and a crimson hue gleamed along the shadows beginning already to deepen in the vast hall ; to tho Queen it. was of ominous portent as she moved along, her hands and head and garments dyed in the crimson glow. She shuddered slightly, but passed on to her with- drawing-room, where she sat doiwn to rest her self before submitting to the fatiguing process of disrobing. Her return was scarcely announced through the palace before the state physician waited upon her with his accustomed report of Rai- mond's condition. He came to announce an un favourable change in his patient, and in a few words told the Queen he was suffering from a severe relapse, fever had set in with redoubled violence and a few hours would more . than suffice to wear out the enfeeblocl strength. It was impossible the weakened frame could sur vive the night. A short sobbing gasp fell upon the Queen's ears as the physician concluded his sad mission ; she took up a little jewelled hand-mirror that lay near, and while asking some question, she looked into it, and saw one of her ladies standing behind her, with pale sacred face, her large blue oyes filled with tears, her lips trembling with irrepressible emotion, listening in breath- ness eagerness to every word. The Queen eon-, tinued to look into the mirror, as though study jng some part of her dress or ornaments. She did not speak for a moment or two, and then quickly, without looking round, dismissed the lady on some trifling errand, before her agitation had been remarked ; and poor Gabrielle, in utter forgetfulness of all but the grief that was wringing her young heart, flew to her own room, and remembered no more the message, or the Queen's subsequent oblivion of her negligence. . j - " There is no hope, then, " said tlie Queen, : as the door closed upon her attendant. "Nothing can be done?" , . ; "Nothing, your Majesty, "said the physician.' He must die to-night." And there fell a great: silence between them, which bo dared not break,' until the Queen spoke again. . ; ; .'.'I wish: to Bee him,;' she said rising ; her face was very pale; and her. eyes set with 'a .resolute light. The physcian was startled: : "Your Majesty, the fever is catching may il remind your Highness that you imperil your royal life?" ..' The Queen made, an imperious ; motion for ;silence.; . . , i <: Conduct me to him," she said Ishortly.'and he could only bow and comply, leading the way, while her silken drapperies rustled .behind him, - sweeping heavily .over the pavements they traversed silently. -. i,: ' She entered the ; darkened . room where the sufferer lay, tossing wearily, aud murmuring words of. painful frenzy;, his - powerful -form wasted, and shorn of his mighty . strength. "" . : _ The. Queen stood beside his . couch, her silken perfumed drapery . gleaming softly in the shadows.. . -: ;. .. . ' "He is dying, " she whispered, more to her- .self than. others.:: . One. burning hand was thrown upon the cover i . let beside her ; she laid her own cool fingers upon the throbbing wrist, ; then passed them gently .down., till. they, rested -on hia feverish- palm, - when his fingers closed convulsively upon them. She might have but tried the force of the fever ; Bhe might be taking a last farewell of the faith ful heart that was there yielding up its life for hers. At her touch, the wild tossings of the fever ceased, and the sufferer lay still ; he ceased his wild raviDgs for her safety, and almost seemed to know she stood beside him. A look of utter exhaustion passed across his face, and he fell into a restless sleep. "He will pass away quietly, now," said the physicians. _ The Queen did not speak ; she remained for a time, then, quietly releasing her hand from his, floated noiselessly away. Midnight had chimed long since, bnt the Queen was sitting aloue in her sleeping apart ment. < She had fulfilled every item of the day's routine, transacted her state -business, but the thought of that young life ebbing out for hers weighed heavily upon her heart. She could not think of lying down to rest, and he in his last great struggle. She lay back in an easy-chair, with a light undress of some delicate texture, falling in gossamer folds around her, waiting, with pale, firm face, till they should tell her his pain was over, and he could sleep on for ever. A step sounded in the anteroom without, where some of her ladies yawned and grumbled ; then she knew they had come to tell her all was over, and she gave admittance as soon as it was demanded. The state physician entered, Your Majesty, against all hope, he lives, I shall believe in tho royal touch henceforth ; for since your Highness's visit, he hath slept well, and having taken some refreshment, sleepeth -again.'.' " 'Tis well," said the Queen. She asked him a few insignificant questions, and dismissed him and her attendants for the night. A few moments more, and she might have bepn seen traversing the deserted suite of her private apartments, lighting herself by a tiny lamp. She paused before the door of an apart ment opening off her own. It was one appro priated to the youngest and most unprotected of her ladies, and receiving no answer to her gentle demand for admittance, the Queen opened the door and entered. The room was wrapped in darkness, but in the light of the lamp she caught the gleam of golden curls shining through the gloom where they and their owner were thrown all in the abandonment of grief. The Queen- approached the conch, and laid her hand gently upon the Bilky head. Gabrielle started up astonished and : dismayed at seeing the Queen in her room, and at Buch an hour of the night. She slipped down on her feet, and gazed breathlessly at her. But ' the Queen smiled, aud there was a - soft light in her eyes as she said, "Thank God, my child, that life, not death, hath visited our roof to-night. The - one you weep for lives." "He lives," echoed the girl, and seeing only the.kind, sweet eyes that smiled npon her, she forgot the dignity of the Queen, and throwing her arms passionately about her, burst into a torrent of happy tears. She wept unrestrainedly for a moment, and then the strangeness of her position recalled her to herself, and she found she was in the Queen's arms, with the royal lips whispering words of soothing and enco uragement. The Queen gently disengaged herself from her embrace. " I could not leave you to grieve all night." she said. "1 saw you were unhappy, like every one else, and the other ladies who sat up are tired, and would not think of telling you till morning." : , Then she withdrew, and in the morning Gabrielle knew not if she had dreamed that the Queen had come to her room last night. For some : time. Raiiriond continued in a critical state ; but youth, eventually triumphed ; and he at last arose, '-the ghost of his former "self ; but each' day regaining somewhat of his former vigour. ' Slowly the summer days went by in the ancient-city of La Rochelle;' while Raimond lay enjoying'the passive existence of convalescence, in the luxurious; indolence of a plant or flower. Great events .were going on around, in which lie had lio part ; and a marriage proposed that was to cement.. the feud of the rival houses of France and Navarre. Intelligence of the outside world came softened to our hero's ears ; brought by the courtiers who found it their pleasure to visit one whom all men held in honour; for it had become a fashion of the day to meet in bis chamber every evening, and while away the twilight hour with the principal news of the day. His visitors brought accounts of the couriers who arrived almost daily with despatches and letters from King Charles and his mother, who seemed now as anxious to overwhelm the Queen with flattering attentions, as they had hitherto been to load her with indignities. Every fresh letter was, if possible, more gracious than its precursor ; urging, almost commanding, the presence of the Queen and her supporters at the approaching festivities of her nephew's marriage. Coligny also received letters from the young. King, full of endearing and filial expressions ; resembling more those , of a loving and dutiful son to a venerated father, than from a powerful sovereign to one of his subjects. These letters,, accompanied by marks of con fidence and esteem, drew; tears from tho eyes of Coligny, . who grieved over the late alienation that had . been enforced between him and his generous young- monarch, and he declared his intention of accepting such. cordial; and repeated, . invitations ; but Jeanne placed no con fidenco in any -'of these spacious . overtures, and .excused herself with her. usual tact and diplomacy, cautioning Coligny on no account.' whatever to let any considerable number of their party be in-' veigled into the power of . the French Court, or Henry would repent it. The Prince of Bfiarn, when at La Rochelle, . was one of Raimond's most; constant visitors ; he it was who. announced to him that the Queen and council, in respect of his services so gallantly rendered to her and. the Cause, had enrolled them among, the nobles of her kingdom, and' assigned him the forfeited estates of the rebel Baron de Luxe, to maintain - a position suitable to his - rank ; the Queen herself had been graciously pleased' to choose his. title, in- perpetuation of tlie service done her ; and being -acquainted with his original rank, had created him' a duke, with the title De La 'Font ; the Prince handing him the letters patent to his new dignity. Flattering as was this noble recognition of bis service, and much aB he prized tho Queen's graceful mode of acknowledging her personal gratitude for his exertions in her behalf, Raimond felt deeply pained at the "honour thrust upon him," and felt not a little hurt at the Queen's disregard of all his prejudices. He could not be as large minded as her on matters to which she had long been used to think se differently. He felt he could never fulfil her wishes in casting aside all vistigeB of the old life, to which he continued to cling pertinaciously ; and therefore he could never please her perfectly I He had been present at the framing and publishing of many laws respecting those of her subjects who were in his own position, and she had taken care to let him .know plainly she had no sympathy with his adherence to vows and. rules which she considered contrary to Scripture. But ho felt that though taken in ignorance and error, their observance waB binding on him as far as lay in his power, and no one, not even tlie Queen herself, could assume tho direction of his conscience. These marks of favour were a trial of his state of mind or a virtual exercise of her authority over his liberty of conscience. As far as the title ' was concerned, it was both needless and un gracious to decline ; he would gladly take advantage of the opportunity it gave him of be coming one of her Majesty subjects, but he totally declined the proffered revenue and estates of any kind. In vain Henry rallied him . on his unnatural disregard for the good things of. life, and threat ened him with the Queen's displeasure. In vain T61igny and Rosny and various members of the court waited on him with a request from the Queen that he would reconsider his decision; Raimond was inflexible,, and assured tbem all, the liberal salary he already received as one of the household was more than sufficient for his requirements. He was at this time residing at a little dis tance From La Rochelle, as the physicians had ordered bim change of air to complete his recovery. _ His first return to the open air had been a visit to his horse, aud he carried him off to the sunny meadows, where they two made holiday, having taken their last ride together. He could not but griove over the wreck of the noble animal, though be wondered it had sur vived the.8train it had so gallantly endured. For him, he had never seen tho Queen's face since the night she had sent him forth from her to certain death. They liad told him she had visited him in his illness, as she had done Coligny and the great chieftains of her army, and that her presence first allayed his delirium ; and he had a hazy idea of a hand grasping bis when he was sinking in that rapid river, and drawing him safely to the shore. CHAPTER XX IX. the audience. " Favour Is deceitful." The grand saloon of the - Queen's private apartments was of great length and beautiful proportion, and lit on either sido by tall windows shaded with rich draperies. The floor of dark polished wood, matching - the high panelling, was covered with rich skins and Turkey carpets, arid the lofty walls hung with tapestries wrought with gold and silken threads into broad rich masses of colour, fresh and glowing in their newly finished splendour. Here a martial Antony on his snow-white charger seemed ready to leap into the room at sight of the sumptuous Cleopatra, whose golden bark glided eternally on a summer sea of azuro splendour ; whilst iu the battle raging opposite, he thought the world well lost for her sweet sake. Further on Cornelia pointed out tho jewels in her crown of motherhood; and sweet Sophonisba smiled as she raised the poisoned cup. Tho slanting sunbeams gleamed along the gorgeous surface, lighting up individual groups or scenes, and leaving depths of harmonious' shadow between, and filling the regal apartment with a brilliant mist of radiance. Apart at the upper end sat the Queen, en throned in a high jauteuil, lier feet resting on a handsome tiger skin, severe and regal amicl the pictured surroundings of .her: fellow- sovereigns, robed in sable tints and wearing her stately ruff and jewelled head-dress ; her fair cheek pillowed on her band, deep in thought, meditating on an interview she had given De Gramont and his son-in-law that morning. . - At the extreme end of tlie . apartment tho young Princess Catherine was 'taking her lesson on the lute whose notes floated softly from the distance, and near her a group of the Queen's ladies were gathered round one of the lofty windows discussing a new stitch of tapestry; their modulated voices, faintly audible' in the vast apartment,- sounding like the whispered . warbling of birds, or the soft rustling of the summer woods at eventide. They bent their fair heads to and - fro in pretty criticism and admiration, and tossed the waves of silk over their white hands which fluttered through its sheen like the wings of sea-birds; then toyed with their liigh-laced ruffs, and commented on each' others head dress, till their attention was attracted to tho other end of the apartment, where a . visitor lately comriianded to an audience ''had just been announced ' to her Majesty! Two- pages gracefully draped: back tho curtains of a door opposite the Queen, and on the threshold stood tne newly created Duke de la Font, making his obeisance beforo entering the royal presence; "! l He wfls dressed suitably to his exalt'od'raiik, but simply; in accordance with his ourii taste, in a , handsome ' suit of black Genoese velvet trimmed ">vith ruffles of Spanish lace. It was his first appearance in the rsyal circle since liis celebrated : expedition, and the warbling tones rose to ah' excited buzz which etiquette, checked immediately, forcing the maids of honour to return- to tlieir; former interest, though from time to time -glances were stolen and remarks passed 'which-' had no relation' to - either tint or cross-stitch, in whose fascinations: however they were presently re absorbed. .. To be Continued, 