SUKDAY-CLOSING. To the quiet, not to say the cynical, observer of passing events the agitation which is at present raging on the Snnday closiiig question is intensely amusing. - It will not, we presume, in any degree affect the settlement of the question. No doubt most members of Parliament have made up their minds how they will vote, and there is very little in what has been ad vanced as yet by either side which is likely to weigh, or at any rate ought to be allowed to weigh, in the settlement o! the matter. The amount of ingenuity which has been shown in evading the real issues to be decided is quite astonishing. One of the first questions is whether this is a subject upon which the members of Par liament may be trusted to exercise their real responsibility as representatives. .We certainly think it is, and hence there appears to us to be a vast waste of power, as well as not a little indecency, in the prodigious efforts which are being made to overawe the great national tribunal. Even if we admit that the subject is one upon which the members should become mere dele gates, mere recorders of the opinions of those who, because they can make 4he greatest noise and indulge in the most unlimited vilification of their opponents, fancy they are In a majority, still we doubt the real utility of the present agitation. Of what use are petitions ; that ; is to say, what fact can they be supposed to establish ? Certainly they lead to no safe conclusion as to the opinion of the majority. If it is really thought that Parliament cannot be trusted to settle the matter, why donot both side3 agree upon a plebiscite — the ordinary electoral machi nery being employed for the purpose. We do not advocate such a course, for the simple reason that we believe it to be far better to leave all such questions to the judgment and intelligence of Parliament. If Parliament is not fit to deal with this matter it is the fault of the electors for returning incompetent members, and they should be prepared to take the con sequences of their own choice. J 'We admit that the teetotallers have two substantial reasons for the action they have taken, and reasons to which the other side can lay no claim. The first is that they have none of their own body in the House, and the next is that the Govern ment measure alters the existing law. Even supposing the teetotallers and those who are co-operating with them do not constitute a tenth part of the population, which is certainly not the case, they still have a right to their views and to make them knowc, and to use all legiti mate means for bringing others to their own way of thinking. Then, too, as the proposal is that the existing law should be altered they have a right to ask that good cause should be shown for making the change. Tbi3 issue ia very simple, and it is one which one would have thought their opponents would eagerly have seized. So far as we can judge, however, from the debates in the Assembly and the talk at public meet ings, it has been mos^ studiously avoided. All the old worn-out phrases and ideas have been brought out afresh. The afflicted working man who always does duty en such occasions, the liberty of the subject, the bad quality of colonial beer, which renders it impossible to keep it from 3 o'clock on Sunday after noon to S or 9 o'clock on Sunday evening, Sabbatarianism and the ghosts of all the defunct nonsense of past age3are brought forward with an amount of enargy and f-n*,rrr'^ngm which is quite refreshing. Twafoarl of this, the simplest plan would have been to show, by facts, figures, and arguments, that ihs operation of the existing law h unjust-, and that it causes great inconvenience without bring ing any corresponding advantages. .' So far from adopting tTn» very natural and obvious course, these who oppose the law « m it uuw suniasj vu tie gr^uiiu iii^i it id too restrictive, have, both in Parliament and out of it, indulged in an exuberance of rant and cant which is more creditable to their rhetorical than to their reasoning powers. It never seems to have occurred i- the eloquent orators at the Town Hall on Wed nesday last that their arguments told with as much force against their own view as against that which they were condemn ing in such strong language. Thus we may take the argument sapiently advanced by one speaker, with whom logic i3 evidently not a strong point Mr. Townsend said 'he woulii start with the argument that it was extremely un desirable for the Legislature — as was the case with Nock's Act — to make that which was a perfectly legitimate action in itself a crime by legislation.' Now, this is simply meaningless nonsense. We suppose it ia quite as 'legitimate' to land goods at Port Adelaide as at Port Darwin without paying Customs duty ; t-ut the Legislature makes it a crime in the one place to do so, whileit is no crime in the other. We need not, however, go outside of the licensing question to show the utter claptrap of this so-called argument. Is it less 'legitimate' to get beer at a public-house at 11.30 p.m. than it is at 11 p.m. ? Yet the law makes the one a crime, while the other is an innocent action. Nay, we need not go outside of the Sunday question. As we understand the case, those who were at the Town Hall want to have, in addition to the present hours for opening on Sundays, two hours in the evening — that ia to say, from 1 to 3 and from 8 to 10\. 2fow, is there anything less ' legiti mate' in an ordinary person getting beer on Sundays at half-past 3 or at half-past 7 than, at 2 or 9 o'clock ? Yet Mr. Townsend himself would make the one a crime and the other an innocent action. Similarly, it is said that what is called Nock's Act has done mischief because it tends to lying and evasion. Is not that just as true of the other provisions of the licensing laws 1 Do no publicans under any circumstances, and without having a permit, supply liquor after 11 at night? As a matter of fact many of the infringe ments of Nock's Act take place at hours which were illegal before the Act wa3 passed, and which will still be illegal even if the views of those who spoke at the Town Hall prevail. Equally illogical is the balderdash talked about the liberty of the subject. Is it not just as much an infringement of the liberty of the subject to say you shall not get beer at a public-house at 4 o'clock on Sunday afternoon as it is to say you shall not get it at 9 o'clock in the evening of the same day ? The truth is, those who use these arguments are either talking hypo critical cant, or else, as is more probable, they have no true idea of what is meant by civil liberty. If we turn to the kind of argument used by Mr. Fraser, we find the same meaningless intemperance of lan guage. He has seen scores of Matthew Burnett's followers speechlessly drank in public-houses. Well, Buppose he has— what then ? It merely shows that some publicans break the law ; that there are law-breaking publicans as well as hypocritical teetotallers, which, we suppose, no one ever _ doubted ; and that Mr. Fraser has a special faculty for getting into the, society of speechlessly drunk red-ribbon men. Tastes admittedly differ. We do not quarrel with the hon. gentleman for following his own tastes, even though, to our thinking, they are some what peculiar. But what has all this sort of talk to do with the Sunday question 1 The present law allows public-houses to open from 1 to 3 on Sunday; the Bill proposes to add another hour, from 8 to 9 in the evening ; Mr. Fraser and others, we believe, would add yet another hour ; and the teetotallers would close all day on Sunday. If the Sabbatarian element enters into one of these views it enters into all. If one|is an infringement of the liberty of the subject, all are. The truth is, the entire question is one of expediency. The whole of our licensing Bystem i3 confessedly an artificial expedient for keeping a particular kind of traffic under control. The problem ia to adopt that view which affords the best safe guards to the peace of the community, while trenching as little as possible upon the convenience and even the prejudices of individuals. It iB a practical question, and we think Parliament may be left to settle it At any rate, they will derive no help from the specious artpiments used by intemperate advocates on the one side or the other. 