THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26,1880. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY, October 27. In the Legislative Council- The amendments made by the House of Assembly on the amendments of the Legislative Council in the Crown Lands Amendment Bill and Municipal Corporations Bill were agreed to. Some of the amendments made by the Council In the licensed Victuallers BUI, which had been amended or objected to by the Assembly, were Insisted noon, ond tbe BUI with reasons for the Councifr OMiiions was forwarded to the House of Assembly. The Pobuc Purposes Loan Bill was read a second and third time and psssed. Tbe Hon. W. BaKDov?n moved the second reading of the Parliamentary Salaries BUI, but on tbe motion of Sir Hun Atbrs it was re solved that tbe 801 should be read a second jam* kit honee. Tbe Oamr Sbcbbtaby moved the second reading of the Northern Territory Chinese Im migration Bill, bnt on tbe motion of the Hon. J. Fibhbb it was resolved that tbe Bill should be read six months benoe. The Northern Territory Sugar Cultivation Bill was read a second tune, and seve.-al im portent amendments having been made in com mittee, was read a third time, and returned to the Hoaes of Assembly. The Medical Bill wss read a second and third time and returned to the Assembly without amendment. Tbe Council at 5.15 p.m. adjourned till to-day atllSOajn. In the House of Assembly- Mr. Ha&BY;'s motion for the repair of the sea wall at Kobe was withdrawn. Mr. Ha?DY*s motion for a flying survey for a railway from Bobs to Ponola was withdrawn. Mcl ions for dosing the polling-places at Oape Jervis and Stepoey, and establishing poUing pUces at BalUparinga and Kent Town were carrie). Messages were received from the liegialative Council stating that the Oounoil agreed to the amendments made by the House on their amend ments in tbe Grown lands Amendment and Municipal Corporations Bula. Mr. Pabsoms's motion for connecting the proposed new oemesary with Adelaide by nil way was carried, with as that the site should be so'oonneetod before the cemetery was used. Several returns were ordered. The Loan Bill was returned by the Legislative Council without amendment. The Ts?asu??? referred to die approaching wwjgnatannqf the Speaker(SirGea. Kingston;, whose services to the colony were feelingly acknowledged by the House. A debate took place on a motion by Mr. Bbat, that the Local Courts Bill should be put into force as soon as possible. The motion was carried, bnt not by an absolute majority of the House, which was necessary as the Standing Orders had been suspended to allow of its being taken. The amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Luensed Victuallers Bill and on which they insisted, were agreed to. The Northern Territory Sugar Cultivation Bill was returned by the Legislative Council with amendments, the consideration of which waa fixed for next day. The House at 655 pjn. adjourned till next dayatll-SDsun. To-day will see the dose of the ninth Parliament of South Australia. Bath Houses sat yesterday in the morning as well as in the afternoon, and work was done of a substantial if not of an altogether satisfactory kind. As is usually the case at the end of the session, matters were dis posed of in a few minutes which, under or dinary circumstances, would take days, if not weeks, for their consideration. Per haps the most striking feature in the day's proceedings was the extraordinary spiri oE conciliation manifested by the As sembly in regard to amendments made in measures by the Gounci. Thia was specially shown in the cases o the Municipal Corporations Bill and the Licensed Victuallers BilL The latter measure, as it will be assented to this afternoon, provides for the retention of the present law with reference to the opening of public-bouses on Sundays. The Assembly agreed to the Council's amendment in this particular rather than sacrifice tha measure as a whole. A lengthy and at times a very warm discussion took place in the Assembly as to the Local Courts Bill, towards which the Government were accused of acting in an unfair manner. Some very strong ex pressions were used, but eventually peace was restored by a compromise sug gested by the Treasurer, and, as a result, die measure; in a somewhat modified form' is likely very shortly to be the law of the country. Of late we have heard much respecting the Chinese question, and the Council have again expressed their opinion upon it in a most pronounced fashion. After a short discussion they decided to .-helve the Northern Territory Chinese Im migration Bill, there being only three members in favor of the measure, while twelve voted against it. The valedictory character of the oc casion only once or twice became apparent; but quite a mournful interest attached to the proceedings in the Assembly when the Treasurer embraced an opportunity to refer to the intended retirement from political life of Sir George Kingston, who has occupied for many years the Speaker's chair. Mr. Mann paid a graceful and well deserred tribute to the able way in which the duties of the posi tion have been performed, and his remarks were heartily endorsed by other members. The speeches made may, we think, be taken as expressive of the respect in which Sir George is held not merely by the Parlia ment but by the public generally. Through out his long career he has always com manded the esteem of the community, and although, for some years past, the nature of his duties in the House has been such as to remove him to a great extent from active participation in political matters, his services to the colony have not on that account been less valuable. His thorough impartiality as Speaker, and his nrmne6Bsndmoderation,combinedwith the extensive knowledge which he possesses as to the methods of Parliamentary procedure, have, there can be nS doubt, done much to elevate the Parliament of South Australia to the position which it enjoys as one of the best conducted in the British colonies. The name of Sir George Kingston will long live in the Parliamentary history of this country. He retires from politics with the good opinion and the best wishes of the whole community. It has been known for some days past that a letter jointly signed by the Premiers of Victoria and New South Wales has been addressed to oar Chief Secretary inviting the South A-ustr&lian; Government to take part in & proposed conference on the Border Customs duties. This letter has now been made public. Its terms are perhaps more hopeful than an acquaintance with previous negotiations on the same subject justifies. Border duties have so often been the subject of apparently amicable contention that even the avowedly "friendly conversation*' be tween Sir Henry Parkes and the Hon. Graham Berry does not necessarily raise sanguine expectations of a better under standing in the immediate future. Un doubtedly a satisfactory adjustment of a needlessly vexed question would be'grati fying to the colonies concerned. An agree ment providing for unrestricted commerce between them would at once confer mutual benefits. Se much indeed does this point predominate over other inter colonial questions that it might even be desirable for the conference to confine itself to this matter. It would be a great step towards unison were the conditions of intercolonial trade reciprocally approved of. Then, in truth, with a brighter prospect of success, the colonies as a whole, not simply three of them as in this instance, might confer on the advisability of an Australian Court of Appeal, on united Colonial De fence, or Postal Union, to say nothing- of other topics like the Chinese question. In agreeing to the conference our Government have acted wisely, whatever may be the outcome of the deliberations in Melbourne next month. In fact, no other course was open to them, and their action is sure to be upheld by the country, which may safely entrust this particular question to their prudent care. This colony has certainly an advantage over Victoria in discussing the necessity of freer interchange between the provinces, inasmuch as it has by means of convention recognised the right of Mew South Wales to levy duties on articles imported over land. It would be absurd in the last degree to deny that right so long as the same articles are taxed by the seaboard Customs of the sister colony, for this would be tantamount to a deprivation of the revenue legitimately due to New South Wales. It is reckoned that that colony imports one-seventh of her dutiable articles overland from Melbourne and Adelaide. Hence to rob her of returns equivalent to those secured at her seaports would be palpably unjust. South Australians have no doubt some reason to feel aggrieved at the behavior of the Parkes Government when a rearrangement of the terms between the colonies was in dispute, but any soreness on this differ ence may now be sensibly got rid of. Whatever commutation in lieu of duties may be determined upon should be equitable enough to satisfy both parties without to any appreciable extent disturbing beneficial trade intercourse. The sooner a harmonious policy is substituted for the vulgar game of beggar-my-neighbor the better will it be for intercolonial relationship. The likeli hood of this desirable change mainly de pends, however, on Victoria. That colony has not hitherto come to terms with New South Wales because its prime object has been to promote Victorian trade at what ever injury to the neighboring province. Unwilling to yield fair dues to New South Wales and unable to thwart the reasonable requirements of that colony the Victorian Government have fallen back on a retaliatory policy from which, as it happens, their own people are the chief or only sufferers. An equitable convention between those colonies would remove every obstacle to a proper agreement. But this Victoria has hitherto declined to concede. On the contrary, by means of the stock tax, for instance, an attempt is made to hurt NewSbufh Wales* Nothing could be more preposterous. Mr, Berry has referred to that tax as a "set-off egainst the border duties," bat this ? transparently ridiculous, seeing that tit New South Wales revenue is not mulcted of a penny thereby. 12 Victorians choose to pay more for their beef than untaxed stock from across the border would keep them from doing it is their business rather than that of the New South Welshmen. Accordingly, any proposal to remit the stock tax as an equivalent for an abandon ment of duties collected for revenue pur poses on the Victorian border is gratuitously foolish. Aa has been said, "If Sir Henry Parkas allowed the claim Mr. Berry could then impose a duty of two shillings or three shillings per ton on coal, or any sum which would bring in £50,000 per annum, and he could offer to remit that impost on condition of New South Wales foregoing the balance of her border duties claim." Apparently in face of the present practice as well as of the suggested remedies it behoves Victoria to give way, and unless there is an inclination of this sort the futility of negotiation will be speedily shown. Situated as New South Wales is in regard to South Australia and Victoria, compensation for remitted duties on &c; borders must be awarded else there will be no actual basis for practical agreement. While separate systems of levying Customs duties exist unfettered commerce overland can only be assured by an equitable h«l«fflcft of liability being struck. Then the fiscal barriers to free interchange could be re moved, and the hope nourished that at no distant day the terms on 'which (his was done would likewise be dispensed with. It is to be regretted that any ground should exist for the proposed action. But we must perforce take the facts as they are. Interests require to be reconciled that ought sot to be in conflict, yet this conflict will probably last in one form or another until Australia becomes -truly federated. Meanwhile, hostile tariffs operate as irri tants, whereas free trade would strengthen a community of interests. TTi^T^nlnnial free trade must be the accompaniment of federation whether it precedes it or not. Viewed from this standpoint the question is not whether a protectionist system shall be established, for it is notorious that unified States have uniformly adopted free interchange among themselves indepen dently altogether of the course pursued :ia commercial matters towards other-coun tries. When the Ttnlfaw Kingdom rjwas erected on the demolition of several States protection aa against each other ceased among them. In Ger many the Zollverein had already effected a similar result. It would, how ever, be idle to multiply instances where the rule has been that nations with a pro tectionist policy have always recognised free bade principles withia their own dominUns. But it is perhaps worth while to quote in thia relation a few pertinent sentences in reference to thecoursa followed by the United States of * "m^. "Each State of the Union is at present exposed to the competition of mote than forty other states and territories extending over a vast continent, and occupying a space equal to one-fifteenth of the habitable part of the globe, and yet none of them have ottered a syllable of complaint inrespect to the system of free trade which prevails among them, 01 asked for the enactment of defensive tariffs to protect them against each other* Yet, at the^aame time the aggregate of these forty or fifty States fancy that they cannot get on without a defensive tariff to protect the entire body of them from other countries. If one-fifteenth of the world can prosper under internal free trade, why should not a third, or a half, or indeed the whole of the world?" Clearly it is of extreme interest to the future Australian nation that free trade should be «nfe?Mi??uMi among the existing provinces; but in saying this we only fore cast what wQI inevitably occur whenfede- ration is accomplished. Still, it cannot be too often urged that freedom of trade with other lands is hardly less requisite than free interchange ?manfr fof? united pro vinces. On no other rooting can the utmost prosperity be Msured. It has been truly observed that if the wish is to have the country's wants supplied exclu sively by its own inhabitants the country concerned " must cease interchanging com modities with the outer world, lose the - advantages of division of labor on a large scale, and, as the Japanese formerly did from choice and on system, or as our remote ancestors did from ignorance and necessity, shut the country up within its own circle of resources." External freedom of com merce is consequently needfuLif Australia would make the most of the glorious oppor tunities that in all probability will strew her path in the future. Contrary to expectation the prorogation of Pariiaraent did not take place on Wednes day. Both Houses were busuy engaged for many luff, and amount of busi ness was disposed of. The two Houses will meet this morning at IL3O, and it is ejected that tbe prorogation will take place sometime doting the afternoon. The amendments made by the Legidative Council in the lioensed Victuallers Bill, to which the House of Assembly would not agree and on wbieh the Council jaamtsd, occupied the time of the Assembly on Wednesday afternoon. These ««■«im—i*« were air in ■amber, and included &ew; clauses with regard to thegaset ting of permits granted by joatiees and the endorsement of conviction far offences under tee Act on the lieenoeot the person connoted, as well as the Bnnday-«loaiqgolaase as amended by the Council. There was a, good deal of dis cussion on the Oooneil's amendments, bat they were all finally agreed to. The *>"*>a«j'-«i«"i«?g olanse, leaving the law as it is at present, was agreed to by 19 votes tofi. It has been veil known for some tame past that Sir George Kingston, owing to the state of his health, will be obliged to retire from his position as the Speaker of die House of As sembly at the end of the present session. Reference was made to this face by she Trea surer in the Assembly on Wednesday, and great regret was expressed at the approaching retire ment of the Speaker, whose h|gh abilities, im partiality, and courtesy wore alluded to in feeling terms. The remarks of the Treasurer were loudly cheered, and several otter speakers endorsed all that he had said. Sir George, in replying, appeared to be greatiy affected, his remarks being with difficulty heard. He thanked the House for the kindness they had shown him, and acknowledged the courtesy with which he bad always been tieated by the House. These observations were loudly cheered. The Northern Territory Chinese Immi gration Bill was thrown out in the legislative X Council on Wednesday by a lane majority- Mr. Baker, who was the chief opponent of the measure, quoted largely from the letters from the Northern Territory which had appeared in the newspapers in which the proposed poll tax on Obinese was referred to. and in which an opinion was expressed that it would work moat injuriously to the interests of the Territory. Be urged tnat the Chinese had not shown them fcelres to be an absolutely objectionable class of. t "«*p£^d that they hid afforded cheap and ,'M^P." He In?atntaine* also that if it ' SS qSSS W make the Chinese contribute to fit Ibe government ot^'country it HCEfahe ahrbetter plan to tax them while in the colony. Mr. fisher also Ltti2ya to* Bill, «?a moved v mi amendment fs2l& motwa for the aeoond tiding tint the 1/JbaaiWWimiMbe reed a aaoood time that day ! 'afrmnpfr*. After a very abortdisouauoaMr. . ytbjryarnenflment wag carried. t-i In^ie LegirifttiTOC«n?cnbn Wednesday jherawM considerable diaeosaion over the ' ijTwUVsui TerritorySngar Oultivatioo?ai. The stated that in deterenoe to the 1 -wishes ofthiis* member* who objeoted toMesu*. 'tVwwiaTidOwston, with whom anagreementhad lately been entered mto by the Government for taking up land in tileTeaitary.reoeivlngalatgec <pnautf of bad than other succeeding selectors could,- be would move a elanae cnaMing the : Ootanunant to grant a similar amount, namely, ■ 4OJOOO acne, to any aelectorwhomightapply for each a qnantlty.and leaving ont of the BUI a?y -imeeial reference to Messrs. Speaoe and Omton. -On the motion of Sir Heary Ayera, notwith standing the objection of the Chief Secretary, tin quantity of land to be granted in any tare \- m reduoed to 10,000 acres. Also in opposition -*? .the -Oovemment an amendment wasearned I*y which the mineral rights of any lan* granted \- «nMer <tte- BiU'aie;naerved to the Orown until v-ewihtfa^aa the seleitora may enquire the free *b?oHie land. After mm other amend -taenttar less importance bad bean made, she ''HU'wai carried through its remaining stages. There was a warm debate in the Assem • bfr so Wednesday on the action of the Qoren : act* Preference to shelves! Courts Bill. Toe r-*irM**c orders were, on the motion of Mr. :Baey, suspended for ibe purpose of enabling xJdm-to move—"That.it is desirable that the , JBrisdietioa at the Looal Courts should be l«ztended, and that tia Bill foe that purpose lahonid became law with any amendments that may. besom necessary.* In moving.this he it had come to his knowledge rfthat tb?4ovenunsnt bad advised H3a £o3- Janey to iMervd the Bailor the eagni ; fioetion ef Bier Majesty* pleasure thereon. uXhia. WM owing ostensibly to aome teahnieal difficulty. 'The point was that there. was no .MWliilm Bad* for appeal la cases in rtta extended junsdietton of .the local Courts itoava Crfer Oooncfl. The difficulty was one «ot over by ndueiaa; the limit of Jtt jrtadfetbn to £4Qo,aadMr.Sray J eaidhe Cfeattend that the Government had adopted the \- •flOHnek* objected to with the staple view of M&m;&tgJhe; Bui from becoming the law or thus setting ftnemselvos against the • WEQMG&I; ndki? cfvf>|ll HIWWW OC FamTiifclftHllt* nCL^eanrar endorsed Mr. Bay's statement •«tf .Ob faot,bntdenied his inferences, although >* the«aietime hs was strongly of ppinioa itbat wtt^Bill was a pernicious one. Mr. Bray's jnflilgnation Trap abanni In hj a largn nnmhnr nf • other members, and tbecondnot of toe Govern -seaat jn reference to the Bill waavateoogty con .'Semned. The motion was carried, but not }hy aa abaointo majority of the whale Hook, -pis. was 'nabassary, baring to the way in the VjaSmi bad been brought AfarwarnV. ,an 3 $he Speaker accordingly PUL&K;'tt>«?#n hadWa negatived. 'tndeteane&lkbwever;,tothe strong feeling of the yffinjjifff &a; !übasnr?r said a^e wDold fJfUHHafi^t^Lf'wk a view of 'bringing down a raMaaagefrom tteOovernor advising the Hooae foaawnd tneSUTao aitorednoetiliiejurisdietkm .fiom£9ooto £400, and to provide in the ex. tenaedjuriadiceon an appeal on facto as well as law. He ooold not give an absolute promise that this would be don* but be believed the oonrse indicated would be taken. In the event of the Government not meeting the wishes of the House on the subject Mr. Bray has an nounced his intention or opposing the farther carrying on of pobQc business. The name of Mr. J.O. Scott was omittei v from the list of saloon passangei? by the ship -South Australian from London published in Taesd*)'« issue. The' twentj-fiecana1 annual meeting of thw ji^yrjfiinpmWwimiim 7 A *aa<«.i«<aqi^ was held at the Toung. Men's Christian Association Hall, "Gawler-plaee, on Wednesday afternoon, October 17\. His Bnellenoy the Governor presided. ■ Tbe annnal reports which wen read sho«red a very aitisfaniury atote of aflafas. The following fiij "Wednesday mornine'e weather report on r?to JeV?aiaide and Part Darwin Xetenaph Une:-^Port Darwin, Pine ' Ofaek. and' Kver g"?t*iinfr*i'fmlni.filiiar. fine; 'TXam Ow?k, ?.W, eiear, fine; Soothpert, Daly '■ Waters, Powall Oreek, Tennant Oraak, Barrow : Oeek; Ohsrlotte Waters, Strangways Springs, -^■d Carina, fiK^ dear, fine; Alice Springs, B^ i^f^; Peafa and Beltsiia.NJL, clear, fine The quarterly- meeting of tbe Chamber of , Oosaaibinfi was haid oaWednesday -afternoon, ,Ostober? a wttbeofose«f the chamber. Way- SBOatb-fctreet. There was a. Air attendance. Owmg«attM fact that tneeekas been no matter before Bartiaaant of late jeariaUr interesting am tfo 11 1 imsh|ijii at thf ment ing fcwas very small,. bat- she quarterly re port received bom the opmmittee was read and adapted.- A abmt-dt?Boa?iCttiookptaca on the advisableasss of aswiriug a aanorm raamy gange tSeongboat tfae-ooloDy, bat na action was The member torlgorfh Adelaide (Mr. C. ' T)tamok)'has been interesting himself to obtain •for lusffnnsfithmts short and easier acaeas to " Jha JrMla%y atettw by a> iMaaage m tbe • g^ajrlli y. - jjftKM^ ;,t^^^ p^ by the .' jiffha, lifit^ge 71—~*'*ft~J"1 of Fnblie wTorka jard being ao Inll of timber aad railway . awSMBBUt wUUfIB If BBUiSOOOMmiBtrnUOna UOOBS} lfattnofc?toattoooldbekept«UaT>evenifit made; added to wbinh.ftere woald be Ac danger of injury to tibe poblie fron tbe . pgfjssili?g of carriages whish wnl take plaoft co soon as He line is competed." Altkooghthe Oonoesaion Tmi not Iwen saoazed, the action of aMarapreawntstivnwfll be appreciated by ttie reaideota fn North Adelaide. The secretarf «rf the Hoost Gambier Agnealtnral and Hortieattaral Society has (writes wie Bt*tk-E**er* Star) reeaived a letter : fcom Mr. Johns^dish intimating that be is in treaty with Ifc WTjTllasson far the tent of a piece of ground m?osavilie, on which to erect ■-^ *>—* and isniwi wiwwg establishment, and stetes that shoold he be sneeewful in oonclod ing amngemente he will be in a position to -eomsMno? •perataons about tbe end of sex month. He adds, however;"l am not wealthy 4ooagh to enter into competition with a larg -public company in ao circumscribed a place as Mount Gambler ; end in face of such a eombin stop, if persisted in, 1 shall be compelled to witkdnw from tVe enterprise. Yon will favor m by le%ym^ wmus msnoc orfoc? ttkfl ir^fnnmtrttt 3 \- sad ebmmoni?ate the result per return, hoping 4fcet you wfli not by«rer zeal fir a cheese factory : The city coronet (Mr. Thos. Ward, J.P.) held an fequest it ttie Old Qoewi's Arms, JTright- streat, on Wednesday, October 27, on the body «f ? child named George Joseph ABBBndge^who died on Tuesday evening at tbe tanse of Bobert Hott MoGee. Mr. Marshall Perrers was foreman of the jury. Tbe enquiry jfwihrtn-^fliy «*M"Trt" >«"liin t r*?V'ln*f made is tta polios by a man named DauieJ Oecdiner, who stated that the boy had died Iteoogfaneglecb Alarge aambar of witoeases were enmlaed.and the evidence abowad that Sa ehJJd .had been greatly neglected by its !W«Srf^D«7emgieton stated that fae had at- AHBatod TdM?watstd •• IllfaVwVswl ImK UaSfe ft.^e^awAa ewJ Ili hU sMatwafal tilfl nkjlli haul iWBB TfTTT TJaWlHWrfr^r Tnff 9UT sf^&flQOd; A yjfy^a^jpiai^spit^^^ii^i^ if an tfiffHs^CT^ij si'ji'ii"^|jmTgj l nfl fa* tjr^ JUrifffft f?Pd IS" teapaeatebabltsfftbe.metser. The coroner, in eomriianne with the jury's nxpiost, oaasared ttinmntfiirfnrnitfrrtiiia (tin rttuwanrl The animauf of Unley Bark Friml tiveMetfaodistOhanh was celebrated on Son day and Monday, October 24 and 25. The ■ aermons were preached by the Beva. 3 G. Vrigbt, W. Dirnen^ and J. Goodwin, to erowdeaootigregations. The attendance at the tea on Monday was very good, and the public meeting which followed was ef a highly into icating/fcafactat; Tbe chair was filled by Mr. W.W L .Wtnmoo&. Toe pastor <Bey. J.Good ■Mfttd a report, whiua showed feat fiaan \- osory the chnzeh was in c good position, and that abesdtenaaviee as the various services had impcond. BxceUemt addresses were deUvered Stte?eo. W. Dinent aad S. G. Wright—by iJormer js "The Oonditions of apuitnal QnmW aad by the Utter on "The Adnntegea of Bpirmal Grawsh. 1' The ehok, under the ■rtrilrrrfiip of Mr.' Godden, and assiated by Messrs. JCmma and Baker, disconrsedswne good mnste.lp— flhilM j—aMfrg at th« h^mnninm. She. ehnreh was beaatifully decorated with flowers and mottoes. The eojleetions amounted to£lBSs. A. piiljUc TBjMjfnwayy meeting; in contiec belfl at.che PfHe^faceet <Tfni^/.fT *yp*finapA*y erent* October S7,«* which Mr. jamei: Scott presided. There was a very large attendance. Tbe?ev.B.B. Csselyread an abstract of the general report, wuioh on the whole was very -satisfactory, and showed thatgreat progress had «sen made by the eociety. The Be". T O. JUtodes, a missionary from Oeylon, delivered an abTeaddreu onnusaiaaary work in Osylon and India, in which he pourteayed the diflioulties attending minnow work in those countriei, and the great suocsss whioh had been achieved by Che energy of the mission sooietie* and their missionaries. The Bey. B. Chapman, of Sydney, spoke of the South Sea missioas, and gave an interesting description of work in the Mr. Gow Jokufifar addressed the meeting on the subject of African missions, and narrated their wonderful effect on the natives. He also tooohed apoa the inflaenoe the missions had bad on the slave trade in Africa, and oondnded by an exhortation to all Christians to aid the missioas to the best of their ability. The meeting closed with votes of thanks to the lady eelfeotors, the secretary {Mr. Geo.<WaHaee),the speakers, and the superin tendent of the circuit (Bey. T. Lloyd). A col lection was made daring the evening in aid of the funda ot the society, and a considerable amount was realised. It drill be seen by an advertisement that Mr. T. Bastard, of tbe City Baths, intends to open the Turkish Baths at night. A meeting of the! Eight Hours Associa tion, adjourned from last week, will be held this evening at ttie Metropolitan Hotel, Grote street. A bazaar for the liquidation of tha debt on Stow Memorial Ohurch b to be opened in the Town Hall this afternoon by His Worship the Mayor. A meeting of ratepayers of Goodwood Ward fa to beTheU at tbe Goodwood Bark Hotel this evening, to nominate candidates for the vacancy in the Unley Corporation, oanaad by tbe death of Oooacillor Bobert.. Professor Pepper* Ghost entertainment at Gamer's Theatre was moderately well attended on Wednesday night. The programme wasa very' interesting one, and was raeeived with satisfaction by all present. The annual reunion of the Norwood Football Club, in tfee form of a concert, was held on Wednesday evening, October 87, in the town hall, Norwood. There was a small though enthusiastic audience, and His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Mr. B. T. Smith, iLP., occupied the chair. The principal numbers were as follows:—Duets, "The Elfin CaU," "To the Woods," by the Misses Veugban and Bose Yandepeer; ballad, "Sweethearts," Miss Vaughan; dub song, "Cheer the Bonnie Bed and Bme," by several footballers, which was vociferously encored; ballad, "Alas, those OhuwV'Ml?? Taaflepecr. Several members of the Adelaide FideUtas Society gave a quartette and quintette in excellent style, and Mr. A. J. Diamond contributed a solo on the concertina in his usual efficient manner. A lecturette, en titled "A trip to the Sorata," by Mr. T. Ainslie Caterer, B.A., was also well received. . A large and fashionable audience 'was attracted to the Theatre Boyal on Wednesday rnnmtng to wtaf «m mpiHtinn «r ♦■ fl.^ nf Ha ? The opera was presented in a very auoceasful manner, and on the whole was ao improvemeat on last Friday^ representation. Miss Use May was in erorilent voice, and sang with a power, taste, and expression that surpassed any of her previous efforts. In bar acting also she exhibited more abandon than we bare before aeen her display. The other principals were also in good voice, aad gave her substantial support. Freanentplandita from the audience evidenced their approval of tbe style in which meet of the choice moreaaux with which this opera abounds wererendered, and in the third act Miss May and Mr. Templeton were imperatively recalled for their finitt^ rendering of the duet at the com mencement of the act. To-night the "Crown Diamonds 11 win be presented for the first time in Adelaide with tbe following oast: — Henriqnes, Mr. Amies Beaumont; Sebastian, Mr.H. Vernoa; Magnaa, Mr. G. A. Johnston ; BeboUedo, Mr. C. H. Templeton; Dampo Mayor, Mr. A. HoweU; Barborigo, Mr. B. I* vi aon; Diana, Miss B. A. Lambert; Catarina, Madame Bon Hersec The first of a series of three lectures on "Elementary asteonomy" was delivered by Professor Pepper at Gamer1* Theatre on Wed nesday jaftrraoon, October 27, the audience being eompnaerl r**iH Jr*My of scholars from public and private schools. Thai lecture was given with thfrsanetion of {the HoolT. Sing, Minister of sMnnation, end two others will be delivered on Friday and Saturday afternoons. Upwards of 600 young people of bssh sexes were snsemMart when the pmressor com menced his description of -The earth and the moon," illustrated by viewsand diagrams. In order to made the subject dear to his listeners .the professor dealt only with elementary facts. He described the systems ot IPtolemy, Tyobo Brahe, Oopanieua, and others, aad alluded to the dis ooveries ef Galileo and Sir Isaac Newton. >The changes of day and night end of the seasons were shown, and tbe tidal «*-wg?r caused by the moon. Some beantitul views of ttie earth's satellite were {exhibited, and were additionally interesting from the bet that they were taken at the Melbourne Observatory ay Mr.EUery with the aid of the gnat tefesaope. Processor Pepper said be bad visited tbe extinct crater at Tower HUI, near Wanoambaot, which was on* of the wonders of Australia, and then were many each craters, only of much greater sUe,ontheiaifaiiioftnemoon. A number of very interesting partieulara of ttie planet in wueh we live, aad of .the moon as a dry calx, werereeerred with knd applause by theyoath falaaditory. The {professor to atimeiate their aste?tton emwunoed that he would give three prises for tbe best daaoriptionsoC his lectures, furnished by eebolan to their teachers. He eandoded with ttie very amuring ghost comedy of "Tbe spectre and tbe aarber,"andannounoed that on Friday be wonld lecture on -The sun and tha planets." aad on Batutday on "The wnete, atera, nabobs, aad meteors.'' The prize of £€0 which was offered by bers of the BJLK. Bine Association was fired for on Wedaesday, October 97. at tbe Folham Bangea. Tbe amoant was divided into five prises, as follows:—£2s to tbe company scoring the highest number of points, and £10, JBT, £5, and A3 to the highest individual scorers. Seven oompioiea. represented by five men each, oon tasted. The Btzathalbyn oompany won with a score of 416; Adelaide No. 1 made 391; Blyth, 871; Civil Service, 882; Port Adelaide, 801; BedhO]*St«;and?alakla«a,34S. Captain Fer gnso? was the winner of the £10 with a soon of V 0; Private Jackson was second with a acore of £8 point*: Captain Hall third withBB; and Sergt. Jacobs fourth with 87. As is well known, arrangements are being made to send a com bined team of members of the local Military Force aad the S.A.N.B-4- to Melbourne. Fcrty-six members of the LILF. and tweaty eeven of the 8-A.N.E.A. have been selected. As the team is only to consist of fifteen men, it has been arranged for the competitors to fire at Fol fcam to-day, tbe highest aggregate scorers to be finally chosen. Vie understand that as two or three good shots are engaged as teachers in ttie Government school*, it i* tbe intention of Major lovely to apply to the Minister of Education for leave of absence for them to go to Melbourne should they be fortunate in securing places in the team. This course is considered necessary, as CoL Downes, Captain Fergowon, D.AJL.G., and Major Lovely are desirous of sending the strongest possible team to the sister colony. 