THE 1ST BOOK OF CHRONICLES OF THE COUNTRY WHICH WAS CALLED BRANDY CREEK. CHAPTER IV. 1\. And they arose early in the morning and departed. 2\. And as they journeyed through the " Glue-pot," they marvelled greatly at the richness of the land. 3\. Therefore they said amongst themselves, Let us come into this land and possess it. 4\. Let us bring our wives and our little ones, and our flocks and our herds, for this scrub country will some day be worth more than the plains of the Western district. 5\. And as they travelled on they espied a company of persons standing at the road-side; and one of them was a woman. 6\. And they hailed them, saying, Whence comest thou and whither art thou going. 7\. And they at the roadside cried with a loud voice saying, We were passengers by the king's chariot from Melbourne to Sale. 8\. But when we came to this place the chariot stuck fast in the mud, and, as thou can'st see, is now almost out of sight. 9\. And the travellers looked, and behold it was true, the roof of the chariot being all that was in sight. 10\. But they questioned further, saying, Why standest thou at the road side, and what has become of the driver of the chariot ; has he also, with his horses, found a grave in the mud? 11\. And they answered, saying, When the driver found that the horses could not pull the chariot out of the hole, he unyolked them ; 12\. Then he took the Queen's mail- bags off the chariot, and placed them on one horse. 13\. And he mounted another horse himself, and gave one apiece to two gentlemen, who said their time was of more value than other peoples, and they departed. 14\. And one of the travellers spake unto the lady, saying, My horse is used to carrying two occa- sionally ; peradventure l could convey thee safely to the next wayside house. 15\. And with some sackcloth they made a seat for her on the horse, and she was exceeding thankful, for she had well nigh perished with the cold. 16\. And they told the other pas- sengers that they would have to walk, or otherwise they would surely perish, for the driver of the chariot would not come for them, as they expected. 17\. And they left them, and in due time arrived safely at the next station. 18\. Now this place was called Shady Creek, on account, as some say, of some shady transactions which took place here amongst some of the professors of a business called poker. 19\. And they tarried there for a while to wait until those on foot should come up to them. 20\. And after many hours the party appeared. but so covered were they with the slime and filth of that " Glue-pot," that their features were not recognisable. 21\. And there appeared at that moment a form which they all took to be an apparition, so pale and ghost-like were the features. 22\. But as the form grew near they perceived that it was a man, who, when he had come quite e in'e spake, saying, 23\. Behold, I was lost, and now I an found. I was sorry but now l am glad ; I cried out in my despair, but now can I sing for joy. 24\. But the travellers were amazed, and said, surely the man is a mad- man, unfit to be at large. 25\. Whereupon he answered, say- ing, I am not mad, but rejoice with a great joy, because I perished not, for I have wandered to and fro in the pathless forest for the space of three days and three nights. 26\. Wherefore, I pray you, think not that I am insane, but be more charitably inclined, and believe that my cup of joy is too full. 27\. For I have been hungry, but now s'all I be filled. I have been sure a;hirst, but now my thirst shall be queached. I am footsore and weary, wet and miserable, but soon h in the comforts of civilisation console me. 28\. And when they saw that he spake sensibly, they invited him into the house, and they gave him fresh raiment to put on, and did give him meat and drink. 29\. Then they questioned him, and he told them all his adventures, How that he went out and got lost in the forest. 30\. And when he had been two days wandering about, he cried with a loud voice—coo-ee—and after some time he did hear an answer. 31\. Then he traveIled towards the setting sun, and did fall across those who answered him, and they showed unto him the way he should go. 32\. But one of them, whose name was Ned, would not give back to him his compass, which he had found, for he said he could not do without it. 33\. So these traveIIers, and they who had come by the King's chariot, and he who was lost and was found again, tarried there all that day. 34\. And at the crowing of the cock on the next day, they went on their journey, some on horseback, and some on foot. 35\. But the journeys they made, and all that they did, are they not written in the Book of Chronicl's. (To be continued in our next.) 