' MIRACULOUS CREEDS AND DYING CHURCHES." (Bt Peutetbe.) Htfore about miracles—The Church founded by Christ—The " Churches" founded on Scripture—The apparition in the "West of Ireland—Our Lady of Lourdes, and who Baw her on Shrove Tuesday, 1858, and where, and how."| Db. Mooehouse's correspondence in. the jlac with a Protestant Sceptic, and his Lbrdship's reply to Mr. Marcus Clarke, as given frith the other articles in a recent pamphlet, all serve to illustrate the Catholic position that without the Catholic Church, theycannot prove logically or legally the Gospel miracles, and, consequently, cannot prove the dogmas [revealed doctrines] of the Christian dispensation. Protestant bishops may agree to take these miracles as proved; but then they concede the whole Catholic argument. Written by the Catholic Church's first pastors, the Church knows the handwriting. Collected and attested by the Church ages before any of our existingProtestant Churches were heard of, she alone can say with an infallible certainty what is or is not Scripture. Preserved and guarded from day to day and from year to year by the Catholic Church, from the day and year they were written, in her hands the New Testament Scriptures, which record the New Testament miracles, theBe Scriptures are to-day the living, speaking verification and proof of the Resurrection, and of every other miracle contained in them, as fresh ajad convincing now as then; the testimony of the eye-witnesses verified to us by her who was an eye-witness with them. In and with the Catholic Church to assure us, the Resurrection and all Scripture miracles are proved to all Catholics by the f-imple recitation of the the scriptural narrative. The Church, as an ecclesiastical corporation, beheld the facts which confirmed her in the consciousness of her divine mission. Sue forthwith instituted ecclesiastical anniversaries as memorials of the facts. The festal commemorations were appointed prior to the writing of the Gospels; and are testimony older than the Gospels. The Catholic Church was before the New Testament Scriptures, and bore witness to all Christian truth before a verse of them was ever penned. What is our Sunday but the weekly commemoration of the Resurrection, kept ever since the first Sunday after it. What is the Catholic Friday abstinence from flesh meat but the weekly commemoration of the Crucifixion of our Lord. What is Christmas Day to the Catholic but a yearly visit to the Crib at Bethlehem where Christ was born. What is Pentecost but the remembrance of the rushing mighty wind heard in the TJireptoov, the attending sign of the descent of the Holy Ghost ten days after the Ascension of Christ Do we believe all these because they are written about in Holy Scripture ? No; certainly not. Sceptics re id them, but don't believe them. And the reason is they have no proof of them without the Church. But we believe the Scriptures, because they are the words of God's • Church, which he hath put into her mouth, and given her to speak. The Church reads those Scriptures on the festal days, as hath been done by her from the time they were written. If there were no Scriptures we would keep the festal days all the same, and they would be to us the ritual proofs of the events which they celebrate. The Catholic Church does not depend on the Scriptures for her mission or jurisdiction over the spiritual affairs of the nations. The Church does not prove her authority by the Scriptures; but she -proves the genuineness, authenticity, and value of the Scriptures by her oral declaration. Our Church is not founded or Scripture: it was founded by Christ our Incarnate God; and, being founded by Him, she wrote the New Testament Scriptures, and they are hers and no others. As soon as men came to iound "Churches" Scripture, they founded "Churches" which contradicted one another, and thus have generated a race of sceptics and blasphemers. In the Church s hands the Scriptures, as read on the festivals, are refreshing waters to the Christian soul, animating faith, inspiring; hope, and increasing charity. Without these festivals Christianity would perish, and the Scriptures beoome a mere sheet, of old parchment. The wild' rant of Mr. Marcus Clarke in his pamphlet, and the elaborate shallowness of the " Sceptic," as well as the general Protestant half belief in miracles, have been very. quickly followed "by rumours and reports which give what Mr. Puff calls ,«,the . Jie direct '-L to all such reckleBB assertions as those which declare the dying of " miraculous beliefs," or the death of that Church whose creed the " Churches" have one and: all renounced, and mth whom she holds no' communion, and amongst whom she 'Can: never be classed. . An apparition of the ever; Virgin-Mother of God and of some being! supposed to be St. Joseph, and another sup- ( i>osed to be j St. Johp the EvdhgeSistj are flaM; to. have been seen tyitside a'Bmall village 1 «hnrch in the countjrdF Mayo,'in r the West' 'of Ireland, and these rutnoura and reports, iave excited thfc" 'attention of millions' of' feath olics, all willing and ready to belie ve the fact so soon as it has been duly investigated "and accepted by the Sacred Congregation,; and announced by the Holy Father. As] yet, no Catholic in these .colonies believes the apjpaiition. Ko Catholic denies it. All wait foe rational confirmation by competent inquirers. All suoh apparitions would seem to come at times when the. courage of the faithful requires to be strengthened for some special trial. They cure sudden, but gracious, glimpses of tie Xnvuibl* to prevent our forgetting it, and fall upon us like those broad, dazzling flashes of lightning on a murky night, lighting up the whole horizon for an instant, and revealing things that seemed buried in the darkness. The Old Testament Scriptures abound with these glimpses of the mysterious unseen, and I should like to know from Protestant Sceptic, or Protestant bishop, what are the revelations made to the apostle John which he left with the Church. I should have joined Mr. Marcus Clarke in this wish, but he may be too religiously engaged in worshipping " the Winds " and adoring " the Fire " to afford me the information. But, as the Church certifies us of many miracles in her past life, so we expect miracles just when God pleases. We are prepared for them, because God is always present, and His Church militant always needs encouragement. This is the Catholic feeling, as far from childish credulity as from hardened scepticism. One of the most difficult of tasks is, to persuade the Church that any ' saint has wrought a miracle or seen a true apparition or supernatural vision; and I, for my part, do not as yet believe one word of this alleged Mayo appearance. I do not deny its possibility, but I am dissatisfied with the evidence as it stands. The illusions of the Fata Morgana are manifold. The phenomena of Mirage are endless. Ocular delusions are occurring every day. Hysteria has its own stores of hallucinations. Atmospheric refraction, or some novel prismatic combinations, may have intervened. There may be some scraps of stained glass in a window of the church, or mirages of the scene at the Crucifixion reflected in the watery sunset haze, by which the appearances were caused. Old wall paintings often come out through coats of limewash in certain states of the weather—twenty methods of explaining the sights seen may be mentioned, and if the figures were representations of the real personages, I see no reason for St. Joseph or St. John the Evangelist appearing smaller than life. There are many prevenient questions to be satisfactorily disposed of before this Mayo mirafication can be relied on as anything more than some natural show, and the "Miracles" appear to be very defective in efficacious virtuality. If, however, all shall come out with such conclusive indications of a miraculous manifestation, such as we have in the circumstances attending the appearance of our Blessed Lady at Lourdes, we shall not have to wait long for proofs. Meantime, I doubt. The Apparition of the Immaculate Mother at Lourdes forms one of the most interesting and delightful narratives ever written, and comes from the pen of M. Henri Lassere, of Paris, a gentleman of good position, independent fortune, and superior attainments. I think he was educated as a barrister, but having sufficient means, he never followed the legal profession. The eloquence, and logical force and refined wit, and diligent research, and the grouping of the facts, and the artistic skill with which the story of Lourdes is told, render M. Lassere's volume one of the most charming of narratives. The Bishop of Tarbes and others have also published accounts of Our Lady's appearance, and her words addressed to Marie -Bernarde Soubirous, and many fugitive papers in magazines, reviews, and newspapers have issued from the press j but for style, fulness, power, beiuty of composition, no writer can for a moment compare with M. Henri Lassere's " Our Lady of Lourdes." Most sincerely do I wish that every Catholic in Victoria could only read his beautiful work. He was himself personally benefited, . instantly cured of a very painful affection of the eyes by a single touch of a handkerchief dipped in the water of the miraculous fountain. In gratitude, he reformed a careless life, and devoted himself with resolute zeal, patient care, long and unwearied diligence, to collect the facts, and record them in order as they happened. He travelled over France in all directions to see the persons healed, to interrogate the police officers who were appointed to " put down" the miracles. M. Lassere stayed for months at Lourdes, conversed with the "Prefect, the police magistrate, the sceptical •ohemiata and medical men of the town. He copied the various documents and statements drawn up by the commissary, spoke to the parents of the little girl w&o; saw the vision, and with the mother-of the first child cured by the water, and with everyone in any way connected with the extraordinary interviews vouchsafed to the daughter of Francis Soubirous in the Grotto of Massabielle. Seldom, if ever, has more sinjjle-iearted- perseverance been displayed than in the gathering up of the historic fragments of marvellous things as of those done at the stream Siat proved a pool Bethesda to so many afflicted pilgrims to that sanctuary. Three days Wore St. Valentine's Day, that is, oh Thursday, 11th February, 1858, wa 8 the day of Oar Lady's first appearance. It was in the week " before Lent, and the local carnival commenced that day. - It was a -week of visiting and recreation, and games _or fimnsementaj such 88 t^.e people of Southern lands indulge in before Xemt sets in.No xme waa thmMng of 'Suoh mattera as that .whichwas"destined to stir up, not .the 'lo,wn; :bfV Lourdes alone, or the diocese of Tarbes, . in whiph i±; is -situated, bat all France, and all Catholic Europe, fjand the whole; Catholic world, to emotions of ptous .-amazement, holy gratitude, land Christian : joy. If Mr. Marcus Clarke had only been with M. Henri Lassere, I do not think he would ever have mixed -up in his own mind the dying creeds of the dying Protestant " Churches " with the glowing, exuberant faith of the Catholic "Church" with its sovereign Pontiff, the most obterved of all observers among the princes of the earth, its 1100 bishops, its 120,000 priests, and its 200,000,000 members. A mountain is not less a mountain because its base is enpircled with a belt of molehills, though Mr. Clarke, or even his bishop, may so fix their eyes upon the molehills as not to see the mountain. However, on Thursday, 11th February, 1858, or 22 years ago, Marie-Bernarde Soubirous, or familiarly called Bernadette, was 14 years of age. Her father, Francis Soubirous, was a miller by trade, and had married Louise Castero, who had been in the sodality of the " Children of Mary," and was a good Catholic. Francis Soubirous had at this time four children, two girls and two boys. Bernadette was the oldest, and 14 years of age, her sister nine, and the youngest boy was four. In the hope of supporting himself in comfort, Francis had rented a small mill on the banks of the river Gave, which flowed rapidly by the town of Lourdes. But the mill did not pay, and the efforts of Francis to imnrove his affairs only sunk him deeper. At last he was compelled to give up the mill, and went out as day labourer to anyone who would hire him. The earnings of this precarious toil scarcely supplied the family with food of the commonest kind. Madame, his wife, was in very poor health when their first child was born, in 1844. The little girl was baptised by the name of Marie-Bernarde, but the mother having no nourishment, the baby was put out to nurse with a family in the neighbouring village of Bartres, at the humble rate of five francs a month. Bernadette remained with this family after she was weaned, though the monthly payment was sometimes in arrear, and as Madame Soubirous had soon a second child, Bernadette continuedwithherfosterparents, who treated her as kindly as if she was their own. She grew up weak and delicate, oppressed with asthma from her birth, and at 14 was no taller or better grown than most children at 11 or 12. In figure 6he was slight, and her complexion pale. When old enough to be somewhat useful in the house, it was proposed that she should return home to her parents at Lourdes. But the friendly peasants who had kept her so long had grown as fond of the child as of their own, and, being unwilling to part with her, they offered to accept the charge of her without any payment, and, as her father was in a state of poverty, Bernadette became a permanent inmate of her Bartres home. She was employed chiefly in looking after a few sheep belonging to her foster parents, which found pasture on the mountain slopes, and in those solitudes her days were passed. The chronic affection of her breath had checked in her the vivacity of childhood ; but she grew up as spotless and as innocent of evil as if she were still an infant, simple, childlike, and docile. In disposition she waB extremely affectionate, and candid and open in her speech and all her ways. In features she was not distinguished for comeliness, but the expression of her face was sweet, and her temperament very sympathetic. She had very fine dark hair, and brown eyes, that beamed with a loving softness. Those who came in contact with this youthful shepherdess of the Pyrenees felt secretly attracted by her simple and confiding manner, although destitute of all the acquirements which town-reared children generally possess. Bernadette could neither read nor write, and had not learned the catechism. Nor could she speak French, but only the uncouth dialect that prevails in the Pyrenees. Her whole education consisted in the knowledge and use of h.er Eosary, and this she recited at the Angelus hours, and many other hours, with great devotion. At 14 she had not yet made her first communion, though her baptismal purity remained unsullied in her soul. She had a horror of what she knew to be evil, and anything bad said or done where she was present gave her great pain. She, often rebuked her sister, three years younger than herself, for not praying more; and at the evening prayers, said aloud by the family, her posture and her tones of voice were most reverential. Although so ignorant, she yet prayed much, and was always recollected in prayer. ThuB communing among the rooks of the Hantes Pyrenees with the most holy Virgin Mother, lived Bernadette up to the "1st of February, 1858, when she went home from Bartr&s; to her father's, in the street called The Little Trenches, in Lourdes, in order to attend the catechism class and prepare for her first communion; for, notwithstanding their extreme poverty, _her ; parents were very anxious about the religious instruction of • their daughter. Her mother also took all the care she could with 'Bernadette on account of lier asthma. While the other children went about Only in their wooden shoes, Madame Sonbirous procured stockings for hereickiyehild, and employed her indoors, -while her sister and brothers were out in the open air. Accustomed for' years to be out on the hills'at Bartres, Bernadette found this wstraint very irksome; bnt she was submissive and resigned. It was now Shrove Toiesday. - The town : clock had struck eleven, aid the Bonbirouses had not as mucTi firewood- in- the ' house as would cook the moonday meal; Madame Soubirous. tlifetefore; desired Marie, hBr Becond daughtferj to go'down to theri'Mr side, or across the river to 'the common, aid pick up some drift wood or fallen branches to prepare the dinner.. The right to, collect this sort of fuel' was a civic privilege oftheinhabitants of Lourdes. " Do mothfer," said Bernadette, " allow me to go also, and I, "too/* will make up my little bundle of wood." "No," said her mother; "you have a bad cough, and to g> out would make it worse." Aa Madame Soubiious was speaking, Jeanne Abadie, 15 years of age, and who lived next door, came in, and volunteered to go with the two Soubirous girls if their mother would permit Bernadette to go. After much coaxing, their mother consented, and the three girls set off to the river side below the town. Before they left, Madame Sonbirous caused Bernadette to take off the red kerchief she wore on her head, knotted at the side, and put on her white woollen eapulet. This is a very graceful sort of head-dress worn by the peasant women of the Pyrenees. It is the kerchief with a mantle joined to a hood. Sometimes this eapulet is of scarlet, and is picturesque as well as warm. The three children were soon over the bridge. They passed by the mill of M. de Loffitte, and were in the island of the Chalet running here and there in search of drift wood to make up their fagots. This " Island of the Chalet" is' a narrow strip of ground between the river and a mill race cnt from the river to turn a mill on the left side of the Gave. Having run parallel with the river for nearly half a mile, the mill race re-enters the Gave. Here Jeanpe Abadie and Marie Soubirous had already half filled their aprons with chips and bits of dry branches, while Bernadette had not yet found a single stick. Half-an-hour had passed, and Jeanne and Marie, pulling off their sabots, waded across the mill stream to follow the course of the river. The stream was then very low, and did not reach above their ankles. Bernadette was 50 yards behind her two companions seeking for drift, and did not observe them crossing. After they had waded across they called to Bernadette that the water was very cold, but wished her to come to them. Bernadette, whose mother bad cautioned her to take great care of herself, and keep her eapulet well round her neck and shoulders, hesitated to take off her sabots and stockings, or wet her feet. " I must not go into the water with such a bad cold as I have," she cried, but being urged again by them, she decided on crossing over and proceeding further down the river side. This mill stream ran along at the foot of a pile of perpendicular rocks called Massabielle, orthe Old Socks. Bernadette was, at the moment when she made up her mind to wade over, close to this wall of rock of immense height, and immediately in front of a cave in the rock called the Grotto of Massabielle. This grotto was about 12 feet high and 12 feet wide, reaching back into the solid rock on one side about the same distance. Over this grotto was a smaller one, with an opening to it from the lower one, and a third ana still smaller cave or grotto over the second. In the lower and large grotto on the right side was a niche at least 6 feet high, oval, like the niche in a church where the statue of a saint stands, as the statue of St. Francis in the Church of St. Francis', Melbourne. The lower part of this niche stood about five or six feet from the ground, and was bordered by an eglantine or wild rose, which grew out of a crevice or cleft in the front of the rock. The floor of the cave or grotto was perfectly dry and hard, and the spot where it stood was sequestered, and few people ever repaired to it except a shepherd from the mountains seeking shelter from the rain. On a large stone in front of this grotto Bernadette Soubirous had sat down, and was in the act of stooping to pull off her wooden shoes and stockings, when, all in an instant, a noise was heard like the roaring of a fierce, rushing wind passing over her or close by her. Raising her eyes, to see what it could be that made such a sound on a day so calm that not a leaf moved on any tree, her upward glance was arrested. She gazed into the grotto. Her eyes were fixed upon the niche. Struck speechless with astonishment, she looked fixedly. Then seizing her Rosary beads, she held them extended upwards, and then, falling on her knees, she remained motionless, still keeping her eyes on the niche. By this time Jeanne and Marie had put on their wooden sho^?, and looked towards the stream, where they expeoted Bernadette to come over to them. " Just look at that Bernadette of yours, down on her knees praying," said Jeanne. " Oh, she's always praying," replied her Marie, and then called to the kneeling Bernadette to cojne across the mill stream. But Bernadette heeded not. She continued mute and atupifled, unheedful of thieir call. " Wen, if she is going to pray, let'her pray; but we must go on with our wood collecting," Baid her sister. . 12th April, 1880. The Cuban -revolt is nearly at an end, there being only small bands in the Santa Clara districts, who cannot face- the troops, and apparently are merely waiting a good opportunity for submission. Their ' chief, Guillermon,is a negro, who aims at a war of races, and at Santiago fiftynegroes belonging to a society for exterminating fchiawhites have been arrested. . , 0 Ahwt.ttja Path, :On. her recent arrival ; jn Dresden, was met at the railway <etatipn l)y •a party of her, admirers,. The spokesman,,a •general, haadedher a beqatjfpl bouquet, .(U|d was. about to,; driver-#n jaddr^s, when impresaario .oLihe: jrima ,dpnna approached ' Yopr Excellency, pleaie mad^n^for an thfidiftught f£h~ oatchadre&dial;"<wli.mthe.hea ^ sqch accidfintcosts ms lfijOOO.maEks." Ix is asserted that the Czar 'ii a : reader pftheleading European, tell him nearly every day whj»t ? done, and. yet lie seems ln; plight as-erver. ' iL ^'f The Oaalm readers that'fiity Japanese ~ have been' engaged. America, and will soon tu for that country. 