BROADBRIM'S JS'Eir YORK LETTERS. A busy week; a very busy wcok, commen cing with tho tribute to our patriot dead, and ending with the grand re-union of 1,500 -saw bones, gathered from svll puts of tho land, and whose learned discussions on .sphymo grams, autopsies, chrysoplionio acid, pains, aches, dislocations, contusions, amputations, contagious diseases, and all other sorts of j o\Hls that make mankind continually miser- . ablej:\vas something marvellous to listen to, I as indeed it was incomprehensible to hear. I Then there was the asscmblinir of die Masonic Grand-Lodge, and tho election of a Grand Muster and a number of lesser ollioers. Tho Hicksito Quakers had a peaceful meeting; and the refuse vagabonds who went to tho Goss and Ryan tight, and who escaped tho . penitentiary they so eminent ly deserved, are allj I am happy to stale, at homo, and, con sidering tho circumstances, as well as could possibly be expected. . ;Nothi»g astonishes mo now; lam prepared for almost any kind of sacrilege. What say ; you to seizing the bonus of a Saint in Now : York? riono of your humbug saints made out of wax and papier-machio, l">t a real, genu ine; bona tide saint; one' of whose tie-nails is worth more"; from a sanitary stand-point, than the assembled wisdom o? 1,500 doctors who' wore jiiat.gathered hero in"solemn Conclave! The saitit, nicely, boxed, and ill abont.as, gijod condi tioii jas a saint. could bo, expected, to,, be , who,had been under ahe sod for/1,400 years,, arrived' hero ;from -Rome:.last-.,week.,:. l5is, . pedigree was complete, und ? his - canonization, properly.;-authent.ieatod.!'i Though comingi i from -'Homey.'I -suspect ho was.not'oi aiativej ' Italian j for tlio nameon tho'cotlin' was "-Saint' ' Driscbliiis.?f:;lt"iJd«f,,.'the;!f>,iu4,,--ettu!'d'&eV;(8r ! docaiyd' atou't. :every'patfc, of" IrW^d'j-'I^&'.tfiV.Oiii^lii Bf; ' Kildarp to Ban try TJay., '} Stri^ped'of itsXiatiii' ' appendage,Uliero is:'jo'.clpuljt jbut.' thb'.saiu^'s . namo -?-was,' ; orij^nailyjV Paj^'ick,, or,' Torrance Driscollj b'ut that,makes ;iio difference;,he was , a good,-,genuine saint;'!n.ovorthelessJI:ai>d.':n'as ableito, cure/ anything,-from,- cholera-morbua -to trichinosis; I'.ne ver know.befora that thoro ; was'a duty on; saints;-" Instead of ^encourag ? iujg the 'importation of tliesebonoSceiit ghosts, the miserable Go'vernmoht litis actually laid 1 a dnty, on; them; Right1 across from New STbiMcVin th^ State of'Nijvv Jersey, we havo tho shin-bone of a saint that can cure a bro ken leg any time, and as for fits; well, it's of no use for any one to try and hare fits where that shin- bone is, for St. Bunedict would knock thein higher thaii a lute. , When Bris tow was Secretary of the Treasury, ho admit ted St..Benedict free.of duty, expecting, no doubt, when the Presidential contest came -off, that the good saint would not forgotlum; but,: I regret to add,' the'saint .went back on him, thaiiBristow-'w.is biaten,1 though1 there is ho donbt but- a sniaM p'ieco of St.'Benedict's shin-bone would have piilled liitn through. The difficulty with regard't^ the appraisement of St., Driscoll appears.'to^be tliat no one but a Bishop can break' the seals on. the sarcop hagus; for a' custom-house, .officer to attempt it would be sacrilege, and , the chances are two to. one, if lie attempted :it, that the saint would knock-him down; or perhaps an ex plosion would take place;;;worse than nitro glycerine,'t-lliit would blow the custom-house inib smithereens,'and- teach these official re probates'that saints,"especially Irish saints, are iiot!to bo fooled' " The bones of St. Driscoli iu-p 'encased 'iri'cM and vel vets,'and the duty .'oil' the raw material would be 50 dollars. A Mr. M'Sorley, who appears as the guardiau.of his.saintship's bones, and has.takenian appeaL,to,the. Secretary of the Treasury; and, as our worthy Secretary is kiiowii to have a pretty, good opinion of saints in general;^ I hope St. uriscoll's hat may be chalked Viity Free: 1 Another roin'aiica has- been ;discbvered, but unfortunately not1 until the' impostor was laid in his grave. A few years ago, astrangdr of distiuguishedap'pearancb' arrived in Ne w York, and, as lie .sported' a . wealth j of Dundreary whiskers, and spote throe or. four languages fluently,.it was not,long..before ho gainocv a footing .in good: society..-.: ;He^passcd for a distinguished medicaL practitioner, aud art fully hi itcd that he ?wa3 heir, to a' baronetcy, and so ic«was >niidorstood';ih the circle in which he moved.'; \In:th"e due course'of time ho captivated1 the" affections^ofa very' worthy lady,' wlio sighed-fftr o"no.of his'magnificent iipartineii ts in' his'castle on the Rhine. Re markable as 'i't'.may Iseem/tho Baron did not long for. the sight of,his,native land. Amori ba was, good! enough for him. Matters went on this way-seyeraliyearsj.and, to give the Baron his d«e; he, conducted-himself aa well as a Barou -could be, expected to do, whose remittances from abroad wore irregular, and ;who was '''frequently- short of cash; but one day Death stopped in and walked off with the Bftro'n, aiid tiieii came tlie discovery of his successful fraud, which had stood unchal lenged for 20 years; v "The Baron was a bar ber-only-"this and nothing mure; but no doubt he was jnst as good a nobleman as niue-tenths of the titled vagabonds who float upon the surface of .American society, or cap ture the fortunes of our American heiresses while travelling abroad. A few years ago, a lovely girl in Western New York was discovered, who had a pheno menal voice. Her parents were poor, her re lations were poor, and none of them were able to assist her. By the aid of the Member of Congress in her district she found her way. to the city of Washington, and there procured a situation in one of the Government depart ments. While there she attracted the atten tion of a distinguished statesman, who was understood to be a candidate for the presi dency, and he took her under his protection, and sent her abroad. Years of long and patient study followed, and under careful and experienced teachers, her voice ripened into an organ of wonderful brilliancy. After years of struggle, at last the supreme hour of trial came, and with it her triumph, and the poor American girl found herself the lion of the saloons of London and Paris; Milan and Naples greeted her, and for a time it seemed as if she had the whole world at her feet. While in Florence it was her fortune, in an evil hour, to meet one of those titled rascals who are constantly on the lookout for just such game. The unfortunate prima-donna became infatuated with this scouuJrel, and against the protest of bar mother, her sisters and her friends, he mai-ried her. From the hour they left the altar, the high-spirited American girl seemed to have lost all control of herself; and, as if under the spirit of witch - ery, she followed him like a spaniel. No abuse or neglect could shake her infatuation. She went upon the stage, and he took every penny of her earnings, denying her ovou the commonest necessaries of life. She appeared in New York in one of the most popular operas of tho day, but her heart was break ing, and after a desperate struggle against fate, she was obliged to leave the stage, and, though dying, her mother and lier sisters were denied admission to her. A few days ago she passed tho dark shadow of the valley, with none whom she loved near her, a poor wreck, cast like driftwood upon the shore. The wheat syndicate is looking anxiously towards settling day. The approach of har vest has brought only partial relief, and freights for Europe are still ruinously low. The struggle between the great foreign buy ers and the grain sharks has beon a desperate one. The wheat grabbers counted on the necessities of nearly a hundred millions of people. The starvation in Ireland gave them the most unqualified joy. They were in hopes it would extend ali over Europe. The cry of famishing millions was like music to .heir ears, and they deliberately sat down to plan how to capture the 183 millions of sur plus wheat which the United States had to offer to the different nations of the earth. Ths wildest days of the Gold room specu lation never showed anything like it. Largo and small banks, capitalists in every quarter of the land were drawn iuto the speculation; and then slowly but surely they began to draw the sc-rpent fold all over the globe. I Here in New York we have been paying eight and nine dollars for fluur worth live and six. Europe, too, has been compelled to pay its tribute. Hundreds of ahips have been kept in idleness; much suffering has followed, but we are in hope that the day of reckoning is not far off, and that before sixty days are passed the villains engaged in this ne farious business, will be involved in one com mon ruiu. The new Mining-stock Board opened with a flourish of trumpets on Tuesday. So far there has been no boom. Genera) stocks are much depressed, though the clouds seem to be breaking. The long-expected rain has made tho weather delightful, and those of us who had the good fortune to keep away from Chicago arc looking for our ro\var-l to Conoy Island. YOUM, trill*, BROADBRIM. 