The Advertiser SATURDAY, JUNE 19, 1880. The movement initiated on Thursday after- <*> noon at the meeting held by the invitation of the Mayor of A delaine, and under his presidency, is a highly commendable one- The meeting was attended by minister* re presenting almost every shade of- rebgiotti pinion as well as by other gentlemen. Zh* iLaogoration of Hospital Sunday will «• C-OUDt £VOke a *ynM^fi|yi^ft ftmnnirt: of latent benevolence, and, it is to be hoped, serve the interests of many of oar deserving public i^"pi« The people of South A.as alia are not wanting in sympathy with movements of a benevolent and philan thropic character. Now and again appeals are made to the public for some deserving charity which awaken a hearty and enthu siastic response. Atnongwt those which ssrs comparatively recent it is only necessary to mention the Indian and Irish Belief Fonda. The claims of the former wars on ly fairly placed before the public when * spirit of generosity was evidenced which had a tendency to develop into a com mendable rivalry. The Irjah Belief Food, which has only jnst closed ite aec3unts, has piesented to the public- through oar columns a report which is indicative of * wide-spread spirit of benevolence that cannot but be approved. In addition to this we have testimony respecting many private acts of charity performed eometimea by persons of only averasp means as weH as by the wealthy. Stall there is room for much more to be done, and Hospital don* day will afford an opportunity of collecting' the cheques of the rich as well as the mites of the poor. Possibly there are some close fisted, iron-hearted men amongst the well-to-do portion of the colony, whoso generosity, if they ever bad any, has become frozen at its sourcdn —men who are ready to do far mure than their share of rnHman^ raisinj ob jections against and splitting haita over any suggestion which appeals to their pockets. Should such taaa do a generous deed, no one would be more as tonished at it than themselves; but we are assured that such persons are the exception, and not the rule, and that the citizens of Adelaide and the colonists generally only need to have genuine cases of distress placed intelligently before them, and to be afforded an opportunity to contribute, to securo theexhibiliou of a large amount ot piuciicad sympathy. Many of our readers wal nave heard of the French, master of etiquette who apologised for allowing aoot&er; gentle man to drown before his eyes on the ground, that he had never had the honor 01 an in troduction to the deceased. Hospital Sua day will afford the opportunity of intro ducing the public to much real distress. In affirming the proportion at Thursday * meeting that it is desirable to- establish in Adelaide the institution which Is known, as Hospital Sunday there was only one dissentient. The ground of the opposition. was a conviction that it was the duty of the State to provide for its own poi>r, sickr and ignorant population; that niauy per sons would object to receive help from the public, feeling more pauperised thereby than if they received it fxom the Govern ment; and that the chinches wen already, well exercised in providing for the poor in. connection with their own congregations. Now to throw the ivfcole burden of bene- Tolent societie? upon, the State we submit. | would be backward legislation. In thft i infancy of the cd.tmy it was necessary that the State should, very largely support the> Hospital, but with the increasing wealth of the colony the time has fully arrived when it mig t fet be expected that a large portion of this burden might be born? by the p'jMic. In throwing the whole -weight «f our charities upon the State t'je tendency would be to paralyse rather than to foster benevolence, to favor a lav^fch expenditure and the increase of abuses; whereas in casting the responsibi ti'-y more upon the public and letting the 'management fall into its hands,' we have t the surest pledge of economy in the management, and that the cases relieved •would be such as deserved assistance. Not is it desirable that there should be a ten dency in the country to rely upon tlia State in every emergency. More -manly indepeudei.ce needs to be eacourttjed, aa<L ■to Snake ta% I<State ■fee nurshif-mother in every difiieaUy ie an objeo^onable policy, fib* do we flunk that objection would be gkjtf by the ?stressed to accept tin relief afczn'ed to thejn.by the pub&c..; Charity it would be Whether afforded by the public prtba (Government. Should, however, one of the results of the public having a larger conttol of the Hospital be the pfaffl?ti"g of Boms persons who now' avail ttemselves of relief - which they *onotactuauyneed,or which, was never intended for pw?"p" in their cucumstancesj this would certainly be a. clesr gain to the colony. Or should the alteration sug gested, be the means of fostering more pro vident habits amongst our fellow-colonists, in order to be independent of assistance from charitable funds, this also would, be an advantage. We do not doubt that the .churches find ample scope for their liber ality, and have quite enough to do in ra<sm£ lands for their own religious and benevolent work; but we may rest assured that here as in Ballarat, Melbourne, and London, no ■^>li?TitaMo «r ■iw.iritTitinn would 6U.E fer from the movement. Many would con tribute to such a scheme who cannot be per ■ suaded to assist the ordinary church charities Itis sometimes said that the philanthropy >of polpiis and platforms is mere wind. Ho?pitalSttaday will afford one.nuaos of E^femeting; 1 ibja:. wprjwch. JJ there are egonopoMate or iey-hearted misers On any of the churches, the Unlocking of ~their haarte. in some sympathy with wretchedness and want will constitute an texcelleirt and in their case charity ?m be twice Ueesed. There was another matter touched upon at tbe meeting that is worthy of more than -Ma, passing :notiee. It came up in the form M& question from one gentleman to the .Mayor, as to whether it was correct that :-certain persons found admittance into the ■^rifaifalta Ho?pital wbo wei*well able to pay ..for theattentionandmedicaicomforte which ~tiiey received. * The reply of the Mayor was .WMantially that such cases were not likely to lUsppen; that if they did they jcould only arise from subscribers to the liospital g^vug to jwrsoha for- whom they were never iatended; «nd that such cases would necessarily show that false statements had been made. But . fTiia is a question so itoportant that we purpose to return to the subject at an early ;: date. '. SocsskaV eays, " The English people -imagine that it ia free, but it is mnch mis taken :' it is free only daring die election of members of Parliament; as eoon as they are elected, it is enslaved: it is nothing." If the brilliant Frenchman's dictnm were a true cue, England's short dream of liberty is over, and like many another victim of •delusion she hogs her chaias to her bosom, and i* pleased that her captivity has recom menced. The rapid glissade from Conser vative to Liberal rule has been accepted on all bands "Kith ao exemplary .complacency which speaks well for the stability of British institutions— The Queen has loyally accepted .the Moodka revolution which has placeS « fresh batch of counsellors, r«rotmd her throne, and a new set of comp "'trailers;in. ber household. The Prince of Wales has performed one of the most grace v fid, andwhat is likely to be one of the most "popular acts of his public life, by at once \- visiting Mr. Gladstone at his private resi c -<jence, and riso inviting to dinner the iead • log members of the new Ministery. includ ing Mt, Bdgfat, Mr. Chamberlain, and r^H*Chsn-les D3ke. The *' services"—always '{wcoliarir restire under Liberal control— -.shanksin part to the politic action of Ur. </hildeTs have taken not unkindly to the collar, and "society" 7 has entered into the fall 4ide of the gaieties of the London reason, nojt^^eapjy _,mov^d, apparently bj the dismal prophecies of impending woe which" hate been eo rife' in its journals. When the mail left the new House of 'Commons hatLntet aad chosen its Speaker, • tit: Brtiid, a member of 23 years' sUodiaj "having been elected to the honorable post "for the third time, but it was not fully con iflitnted to proceed to work. Ministers . were seeking re-election, the members were • fcnsy fiweasi?g, aad the priedpal epssde had teen die refusal to take the statutory oath by Mr. Bradl&ugfa;, the avowed infidel, whom the «lree "and-independent" of Nottingham have chosen to elect as their "fit and repre3entatire.' It may be wortii while looking at the of the new House from which -ouch great tilings are expected. Two hundred and fifty-seven or over one third of the members, are elected for the \- first time, and with their senatorial honors -" fire new from the mint," moat of these were present at the opening formalities. ' The very seating of the members is a matter of diif-cully where the preponderance on one Bide is so great. Exclusive of Home Rulers the Ministerial majority is the largest of any Parliament of modem times. Lord Palmereton'a majority in 1335 was 77, 'Gladstone's in 1888 was 112, Diaraeli« in :1674 wu 106, and Gladstone'* present majority is 117. The Home Rulers, number ing 63, axe excluded from thie calculation, amdhad fliey choaanto come over in a body to the Government ode the accommodation i on the benches would hare been inaufHcient; i as it is there has been a division in the ranks ominous of future dissentions among them. In a new Parliament familiar forms are always conspicuous by their absence, and in the new House several breaches have been made. Some have declined to seek re-election, and others have failed at the polls who could be ill-spared for their ex perience and for their social and intellectual status, and one or two will be missed who were wont to infuse occasional hilarity into the normal dolness of Parliamentary routine work. Foremost among these latter losses is Major CGormarj, who if he fail to secure one of tbe Beats which Mr. ParneUmuet decline, will -long be remembered for his final speech in the House and for his elec tion address to his constituency. His last speech was on the Seed Potato Bill, and in the course of it he brought down the Housa by exclaiming— « Ut the Peruvian islands keep their guano; Ireland wanted none of it. Tbe Almighty had already granted them in Ireland plenty of mea ns of manuring their land." All his strong language at the election coald not save the gallant Major from being defeated at Waterford, even though in his address to the constituency he characterised Lord Beaconsfield as a " Cockney dodger," his followers aa "old Buck's slaves," and all IrLrbmen who did not agree with him as ** igrauuit of their own tongue, unsenti- mental, unsympathetic, and whose only •bond to existence consisted in sordid per | cent⩾ of success." Certain families, too, have lost influence in the new House. -The scions of noble Conservative bouses— the Abercorns, Buccleugha, Lowthers, and Stanhopes are not so numerous, while the Cavendishes and Fitzwilliama have in creased. The drink interest, too, has had a great falL The special advocate of "the trade," Mr. Wheelhouae, has been dismissed .from Leeds, the publicans' nominee has been defeated at Soutbwark, three Alsopps have lost their seats; but three times three represent the number of great brewers who have failed to obtain re-election, spite of the organised efforts which were put forth by them and their friends. There are atiD, however, eleven brewers and distilled in the House. "In the people's House all the people should be represented" is a familiar axiom, and the new House seems fairly enough re presentative is its composition. The army, the navy, agriculture, merchandise, manu factures, and shipping, all contribute their quota. The legal interest is certainly over represented. Perhaps lawyers are the class who can most effectually advance their own individual interests by obtaining a seat in Parliament, and about 130 connected ■with that profession have been returned— a piece of news which a provincial paper wickedly or inadvertently .places under tfm frftarijng of " crimes and fatalities.' We may be sure that whatever ' efforts may be made to assail legal i abuses will find formidable opponents in this phalanx directly interested, not to speak of those who do not practice at the bar, but whose personal or relative iaterest are largely bound up in it. Next ts lawyers, I literary men have most prominently come to the front. There has been quite a host of successful neophytes from the ranks of the newspaper,, daily and weekly press; while, unconnected with periodical litera ture, but Btill following " letters" as a pro fession, we have Mr. Wren, the most sus cessful of Indian Civil Service " coaches/ Professor Bryce, Thorold Rogers, and Story Maskeryne—men of such mental calibre that they cannot fail to uphold the intellectualreputation which tae British House of Commons has ever enjoyed. An other peculiarity of the new House which ie likely to have considerable effect in shaping its legislation is the great addition which has been made to the number of its non-Episcopalianj members. That the con duct of the Nonconformist electors has greatly contributed to the success of die Liberal cause is admitted on all sides. In 1874 they were sullen and disorganised; this election they have been enthusiastic and united. In 1674 they pressed special hobbies, and especially one obnoxious clause of the Education Act, into such undue prominence that their defection caused the defeat of the liberals; this year liey hare sunk their differences in a de termitied effort for change of Govern ment. Even Disestablishment has been placedjby the Liberation Society in the back ground for a time, and they save their reward. Sixteen of the liberation Society's committee are now in Parliament; there are 25 Independents, 29 Presbyterians, 1G Quakers, 48 Roman Catholics, and in cluding other denominations, altogether 151) members of con-established churches. This does not mean a crusade against establishments—indeed many of these members have repudiated that notion—but it makes a great change in the spirit of the community from the time when Disaeaters were looked upon as of lower social rank I and connection with the State church was I regarded as an essential pre-requistte for preferment. Before the new House thus constituted a lengthened and impor tant programme of work will be placed. We learn by telegram that already the Burials Bill has passed the crucial test in die House of Lords, and that vexed question will be finally disposed of this year. Finance, too, will be dealt with by a master of the eubject, and it is to he hoped that the national balance-sheet will speedily be placed on a more satisfac tory footing. The condition of things in Ireland and India will try the metal of the able administrators who preside over these departments; and with the land laws as their piece de resistance next year, and the j county franchise die following, the hands I of the legislators ore fall enough for three sessions. It is almost certain that the ques tion of county franchise and redistribution of seats will not be settled till after the census of 1861. When that question has been settled tbere must be opportunity efforded to the enlarged constituencies of exercising their rights, aid then will be determined how far the House, which has juet entered on its duty, has fulfilled the iiurh expectations formed of it. Tbe Government have agreed to wlaca tbe cum of £600 on tba supplementary esti mate? M ? grant- in-aid for the new buOduua at the Belair Inebriates' fietreat. It will bf£ membered that a deputation recently waited upon tbe Government to urge the grauthut of a eubndy and it? in compliance with tljeTppli ssiast-a Mr ■*- **** * Hk Excellency the Governor has con eentedtobecotnepatrouofttenswfe^tabliahed South Australian Bine Olub. w-w*uu?noa to leaveby the steamer Orwat, which is to sail f«•tondai 00-day :-SJooa—Major Hejdell and wl*. ih. and M«. W. H*rb«t Bqm? and A.-E. B. Brw?. l?r. aiwMrT/. W.ft«W Second and Mrs, W. flanoook Me«r*. W. S . E. Smith, W«lterCoopecW«epK M?.Jf. George Steerer, and O. Lfamentui Third CU«-lfa. <Hace Ha s km wdiSt Mr. and Mrs. IL J. How«d and child)Td twenty men m the atcecage. Th * A, ldi n *ra' wh?ch leaves this after noon for Melbourne, oonveys a Norwood twenty to play a series of football iatche. H.^| I<SSPl^ifOmilluniciltioll m <«tab liahed with Wniuungtown on Friday The nmaljongratulatory meMages ?«a' inter: f-nangeo. The treasurer of the Adelaide Children's Hospital has received from the Hon. W R. to that institution. Lieutenants A. King, W. E. G. Shackle, and J. Leehare parsed a qualifyingexaminatioi! SJK^ to *? "■*of «**?? ? *«? In accordance with the peneral order teued bem the Staff Office on M^h^o?^s cpnunanding «nnpanie«are requested to arrange for a moonlight parade Cor company drill durinjr the esani?g week. Special services for the purpose of re ducing tte dett«n ttp tiOie jOfiristiaa Ohureh, ulauville, win be held to-morrow, whenawmons will be preached in that church morning after hood, and evening, by the fier. O. LaST' New regulations with regard to the ex tmination of applieauta for retirement from the Civil Service on the ground of ill-healrh have been, on the leccauueadaUon of. the Colonial Bargeo^mpprovedof by tbeOoveroment. The : new zegalatio?? will have tin effect of making The following ia an abstract of the latest rsport received in the colony with reference to tlie Boyal Grown Vine, Heathoote, Victoria :— Crosscut driven for week ending Jane 10,13 feet; total distance from sHaft,3s feet. At 86 feet found a leader 3 to 5 inches wide, .carrying a little gold. Machinery and pump* working welL A report was received by the city coroner on Friday of the sudden death of the infant son of Mrs. James Leanera.at Kensington. Mr. .Ward, after visiting the house and soaking enquiries, did not think an inqaett necessary, as it was evident that the parents bad been misled by the symptoms, and did not oail in medical aid until it was too Ute. A temperance meeting, under the auspices of Mr. M. Burnett's committee, was held in the Bible Christian Church, Glanville, on Thurs day evening, June 17, when addresses were delivered by Messrs. E. Alcock, M. E. Madg*, andD.GilL Mr. B. Rush was in the chair. At the close of the meeting twenty persons signod the pledge, and were invested with Mr. Burnett's badge. A-practical farmer, who has recently been travelling is several of the agricultural district* of the colony, both north and south, informs the Jfertktm Argmi that the crops on Blvth Plain* ate the best be has seen. An old resident of Blfth also states that the crops in that district look better this season than ever he saw them. tntiwiiefgtiborhoodtf Mintaro they are rather Ute, although healthy looking. In-the report of the meeting- of electors held at-&e; Hotel Europe on Thursday evening, which appeared in Friday morning'* issue, through the omission of the word "nof^Mr. Dnun was made to say that it was unfair to require that the rich-should contribute by means of an inoume tax cowards carrying on Ute fcuauiess -ot.tne country, wherea* the views he ho,ids&te; just the reverse of this. On Tuesday evenin<r, June 1-5, Mr. W. W. Winwood, assisted by Miss Winwood, gave an entertainment to the members of the Pru dence Juvenile Temple 1.0.G.T., in the Work ing Men 1! Hail, Port Adelaide. There was a good attendance, principally of children. A Urge number of magic lantern views wen shown, principally on temperanee subject*. The audience were well pleased with them, and tome comic views cauied roars of laughter. A meeting of the Yong&la; branch of the Farmer* 1 .Association was held at Pearae** Hotel on June 12, seventeen members being present. Two new members were elected and four names promoted *or membership. The JTartkent Argus state* that it waa thought desirable that direct grain telegrams should be received from Kng land during the wheat aoamwi, and a motion was carried to the effect that the idea ahonid be ventilated by the central committee through tibe branches. A meeting wae held at Mr. R. N. Galley's office, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, to con sider the question of the present railway charges on wool carried from Morgan to Port Adelaide Mr. Wakefield was voted to the chair, and after considerable discussion it waa decided that those present should form a committee (with power to add to their number) to interview the Commissioner of Public Works, and urge him to rearrange the tariff in such a way ai to carry wool in future at a rate per ton of 2,240 Iba, or at a corresponding reduction per Ib- instead of at per bale as at present. Considerable excitement was caused in Grenfell-street on Friday evening by a collision between a buggy driven by a man named John Jones, is the empUy of Messrs. Bui & Co., and a dray driven by Patrick Mulroooey, an em ploye of the Waterworks Department Both vehicles weze tarned over, an* the boggy iu completely smashed. Unfortunately, however. for Messrs. HOI A 00. the accident did not terminate srith the smashing of the trap, as the horse bolted with the shafts as far as But terrace, where it collided with a heavy dray and was kilted on the spot. Mr. Matthew Burnett held a seond open-air meetig on Friday, June 18, at HiuJ insnb, opposite the Wetleyau Church. Tuere was a very Urge gathering- His Worship to* Mayor of the town, presided, and selection* from Sankej's songs were song by a united choir. After an address from the chairman, and a few words from the Kev. J. Mc?win, Mr. Burnett delivered bis address on "The Marcb if tbeGreat Destroyer Arrested,' 9 in the course <-f which he was frequently cheered. The j-ledge was signed by 81 persous at the clom of the meeting. The Deputy-Assistant Adjutant-General of the Local Military Force intends, with the consent of Colonel Downes, to commence a course oi instruction in military drawing and MotmaiMnoefor officer* of the forceonThurs day,July 8, at 8 pjn^aed for non- eommiscioned officers on Monday, July 12, at the same hour Xtoe course is to be continued on Thursdays and Mondays following, and practical outdoor in atro?Cion will be given a* the season advance*. (Japtain Fergosson wiU be glad to receive the sasaesof offioei* sod ooa-oimmiajioned officers who may be willing to join thtse classes. The river steamer Clara, while lyimt alongside tbe nverbank at Morgan, on TnurX day night was discovered to be oa fire. Several residents of the township assembled and ren dered all the —istaum in their power, but did not tweed in checkirg the progress of the tames, which burnt the veuel to toe water's edge, when she sank. Tbe Clara was a vessel of 0b tons, owned by Mr. Jas. Johnston OothelOtt xLS 1" ""?* *■ Po"*' of >"-«?n<se for £600 on tie vessel ezpiied. and at the tune of cbe disaster her insurance amounted to £300 only, which was effected with ttte Adelaide Manne and Fire Insurance Company. The following is Friday mornintr's weather report on the Adelaide and PortOar win Telegraph Line :—Port Darwin, S.K, fresh, clear, fine; Southport, SJB, light, dan? Pine Creek, BA,fresh, clear, fine; River Ka tbenjie, fI.K, light, clear, fine ; Daly Waken. S.B.,mouerate, dear, fine; Powell Creek SB ktrong, clear, fine; Tennant Creek, &K;_ strong, i cloudy fine; Barrow<£eek, SJt,light,cloudy, duj; Alice Springs, B.E, light, ctoudr, doll; Charlotte Waters, SJJ, moderate, cloudy, fioe ; Peake, cahn, cloudy, fine; Strang ways Hnrinss. tCUskdear, fine,' Faima,lalmTiiear!ffi Beltana, calm, clear, fine Paymaster Mann has furnished us with the following statement of the tbe present effec tive strength of the South Au«trali?n National Kifle Association :~AdetaWe Ko . lOom?any larao, 28; Port Adelside 58- Oiril Sarrtaa JSarridy, SO; KedbiU. ?; Port August^, 40- Nan?e«itte,W;OrT B to| Brook. 26; BaiakiavV 22; Aogaston. ?; Btratoalbyo, 20 and Glad- Hone, 48, maldag . total of 574 throughout the twenty oompsaies now fanning the afsocution. UenuooM during tbe tart two month, w M 30 whito_new companies will probably soon be ••rolled at Qoocn, Oaltoirie, and other town^ stiipt. Gnae'a Hotel at Kapundd iad a narrow «e^ on Wednesday evening, June W.from toug tbe Mene of an extensive aun^ratio? discovered tbat tbe contents of one of the sar. H^£H 8 tll"*"*™**) wa. « fi£ Fortunately there was plenty of water and agiutance at hand; and the fire WMSpeeaUr ertinguitbed, not, however, until iThSdcoi •umeS the bed and bedding. • dresrfiig tas£ and a quantity of the girl's ctoaungTtfowtfi fire originated is « mystery, but it is thoocht that some one whohad been in the roomrnust Lara left a lighted candle there, though of course no one aomit* having done «o. It u for tuLate that the fire was discovered before « h*d obtained any hold on the building, ad in that case the loss might have been serious. The following letter has been received by the hon. curator, of the Port Adelaide iKST™* ***««*? MoMom for Da NonUake Oldssger and the Bond fithno graphioal Museum, Copenhagen: Denmark. 29.1880. Genflemen^ScSdinTrSe order of the Government, after yourappWion to Hie Majesty the Sing. I have bad theTles? sure of transmitting to yon a bos to the care of Mesan. Wt?eatley& 00., London, oontaUiinc a con-plete setof photographs of the Work/of our sculptor Thor*ald«en. it uto be regarded as ?commencement of intercourse between your nnseom and the Bojul Museum of Oopeuhajien I shall be happy if in any fntore time leould' be of service to you in making exchanges from our duplicates.—l have tue honor to be, &c; J J, A.. Worsoac, director." ' The Full Court eat on Friday. A. rule absolutewae granted for the admission of Dr James Walter Smith as a practitioner of the Supreme Court. It wasdirected that the case of Turnbull v. Turnbull. a wife's petition far judicial eeparation on tbe ground of cruelt,, should he heard orally before a Jadge. to Mc?artby and Another v. Brooks aid Others, motions for judgment, a n.w trial, aod reduction of damages award id bja jury Jot trespass aaO. remoral of gravel used in the construction of the' Port Augusta and Government Gams Bail way, were argued, and the «ourt intimated that they .would reserv? their decision. Argument* in the matter of Formby A- Boase v. the Corpora tion and Board of Health of the Oity of Ade laide -«~^Hf«r«MMii ■■■* Adjourned .till Tuesday nest. A meeting was held at North Adelaide on Thursday, June 17, by a few ladies and gen tlemen for the purpose of starting a Foundling I Hospital, and as a preliminary step it was de cided to advertise for gabtoriptims before call ing a public mooting. Two general principles were decided upon, vis.—that the hospital was to be thoroughly unaeetariaa, and' that each mother should be expected if possible to con tribute somewhat towards the support of her infant. A correspondent writing on this sub ject says:—"l know many think such an insti tution is an encouragement to vice. Ido not give the unfortunate* credit for thinking so far in advance, and surely if they did the thought of the pangs of labor would be more likely to deter them than the thought that the future child might possibly be taken care of would be likely to encourage them." Tbe following is a record of the rainfall between 0 a.m. on Thursday and the same hour on Friday :— Wilmington ... 0070 Mannum ... 0 800 Helroce ... 0-200 Mount Pleasant 0100 Laura OOSO Gusaeracha ... 0150 PortPirie ... OOSO dalisbury ... 0-190 Oaltowie ... 0-066' Adelaide ... 0-440 Jamestown ... 0085 Oiareadon ... 0070 Georgetown ... 0130 Noarinnga ... 0360 Auburn ... O-010 Mount Barker 0090 Wallaroo ... 0-020 Echunga ... 0148 Kadina ... OD3O Btratnalbyu ... O-030 Moonta ... 0-010 Willunjja ... 0-120 Port Victoria... 0162 Normanville ... 0-080 Maitiand ... 1099 Port .Lincoln ... 0020 Mmlaton ... o*lso Oape?orda ... 0-300 Torketown ... 015) Kingseote ... 0-030 Btsnsbuiy ... 0090 Oape Jervia ... 0-050 Bditbburgh ... 0045 Port Elliot ... 0-456 Warooka ... OtffiO Goolwa ... 0-359 Overland Onr^. O<MO Meoingie ... 0-070 BlanohetoKn... 00? Emgston ... 0300 Brverton ... 0-130 NarraooorUs ... 0-180 Kapunda ... O€7o Penol* o*loo Tannuda O-iIO MOlkent ... 0450 Gawler ...' 0-100 Mount Gambier 0310 Tbe following amusing anecdote is from the Bollatat Star .-—"Mr, Jones, unless 701 pay up all arrears due fat board and lodging, I must beg you will in future favor other people with your oompany.". Thus spoke the landlady. I Jones U a aew arrival in tbe oolony, one who < landed with little money, and has since sub j suted on les*. Without any trade or profession of which be could sail h™««^f soaater, he has for the past six week* offered his services ia the cause of law. fanning, and lastly that «f general service. Hi* clothing, despite all attempt* to keep it -genteel,* has assumed a shabby, poverty-stricken apnwaranne. and to all his other woe* he had to add that of having the staff of life cut off far an inexorable landlady. \- Madam, 1' he repued, -since you an so kind as togimemeaprefenomlgue** HI go; fact is, 1 don't see toy other course open to me; don't want a useful servant, do you? 0 "Wo." "Ah! (and he sighed); "useful gardener?'' "No." •• Doesn't it happen to strike you that a man in livery would sort of advertise this bouse?'' "No." "Ah! (sigh, and desperately) Well, 1 s'pose its no use Baking you if you want a husband"—but she did, and t azh ia stranger than fiction, for they will be m&rried; in a fort night from Leuce. A public trial of Reid's patent reversible plougn took place on Mr. Harvey's land. East Artrtsirte, on Friday aftenwoo, June 18. There wee* only a few spectator*, but no douot greater interest will be displayed in the imple ment when it become* better known. In apfearanea it is somewhat pindar^u. ao4 u- actually a double planga, althoagh only one furrow is turned at a time. The implement tars* on a cylinder, and its weight, at 24 cwt, keeps it well to its work, while the balance is so maintained that tbe 4r*u'ht w actually lighter than that of an ordinary plough. It was drawn by two hones on Friday, and tbe furrows wen seven, eight, and nine iucbes deep, in a rather wet but friable •oil. >uy novice could use the plough, apparently, and it is claimed by Mr. Hender?oa7tha agent! thct superior work oan be done by it without tbe aid of skilled hands, a* the depth of the furrow is regulated from tbe ratface of the ■round instead of bum the bbttma of tbe pre vious furrow; that more work «aa be done in a day, a* no thus is lost in tcavaUiaw from ridge to ridge; that than is a saving of U per cent in draught; and that all the land is a field is made available for crop, then being no open furrow* left. This i* also a great advan tage when th* reaper is used. The plough was patented iu Scotland in June, uro.aodwa* ex taosively wed tbere daring tbe last ploughing season. The agent purpose* having the plough in use near the city for a few week* to allow the public every opportabity of impsetiag it j " Hie names of the two man who stock np Mr. D. Young on the Triireroad on Satur day eTMiing, June 12, are," says the £*p**U Berala, - John Zwar and William Graue. Ixack sffliths, of StodnreU. They ware appre hended on Monday afternoon by jPolic? tnX>per ?2£*%*m' "*" «rt*«JT deserrei every credit for the smart way in which the arrest was made, especially conrider dering that the deseriptaon of the men given by loung waii very vague. Tiiey were brought befureMr.D.Mock, JJP, on Tuesday. Oriue was dacharged, and Zwar was finad SO*.—a punishment, we think, altogether inadequate ta the crime, flow his worship exme to take such a lenient view of the affair we are at a loss to know. The evidence was dear—and the men confetsed to it themselves—that they had stopped a man on the highway, represented themseures as troopers, and demanded money and alsotook it. Zwar, it is true, was the srwik<wnsn and principal actor, but Graue was jnst as guilty, for be stood by and allowed his companion to do the business, and yet he was discharged. If snefa amateur iiyhwayzaen are to be let ofi so easily, it will soon not be •ate to travel country toads at night without beinganued. Mr. Vaunghad bis wife and child with him at the time, and had they been at all of a nervous dispoaittoo the eottsequenoet might have been serious. The seaond ejarge of ex tcrtang money from Young by falie representa tions, was not proceeded with, the polios by Permission of Mr. Nock withdrawing the case. We presume hi*.Worship had good ground* for allowing this charge to be withdrawn, but confess we cannot understand them. Zwm took the money,Grant by his presence was a oomerting party, and although at the first it might at the eounsel put it, have been intended as a 'skylark.' it became something more when money was taken. The men evidently knew they had done £"?!&•«*• U«a Owy bad told the ostler at tte hotel where they had put tfetir hones np. The nsult of the investigation it not at all satisfactory, but we hope ft wil: be a caution to *?*! m? n •ad toother*, as it i* most improbable that a like occurrence wnl be similarly leniently dealt with." ■ Ilie latest ghost atoty conies from Warmainboal in Victoria. According u a local paper tbtxe u ? hooM in Hann. ate^l in which a joniig «onuui dud tome time ainoe under cir cumstances which gave rue to unpleaiant runiorc. The house is now inhabited by Mr J Manning, who is about to carry on the burineta ot a bay and com marchant. The apparition which ia said to haunt the premises appealed were sleeping in a mall room of tha house, to the window of which on. the night in question thtre wh no bjind. The elder brother atates that about. J o'clock in the morning he was awakened by feeLUig something like a rush of cola air over his face. Thinking that the door 01 window of the apartment was open he cast bis ejes toward* each, but observed that they wen> doted. On settling down again he m cctsiderably startled atateing the luure of a woman standing by the fireplace a few feet bom him. Xhe figure was clad in dark clothes, with a kind of «owl over the head. The - pate glimpses of the raoon " which found their way into the chamber wen not sufficient to define the figure accurately, ao that its feature* eoold not be disowned. With considerable trepida tion Manning turned toawaken hi* brother, and for a moment took hi* ayes off tha figure. In that moment it vanished. *r«...?. g mmk? i bim brother to get a light, without saying a word ef the speeteal appearance. The younger man row up in bed to get a match from hii garment, and be was immediately rendend speechless by an appearance in the comer of the room. When he recovered his apeeoh, be ejaculated that there was a figure in the corner, and retreated under the bed clothes. Calling their manhood to the rescue, the two men—stalwart specimens of the gt*U3 luimo— made up then- minds to solve the myotery. It may here he said that the one who first sawthe spectredidnot see itagamaf ter losing sight of it at Uw fireplace. They.bath rose to gether to "lay the ghost," but on going to of the the corner they saw—nothing. The door room was closed and bo was the window, Loth being as they had left them vheu they had tetired to rest. Suoh is their story, and so thoroughly impressed are they that they saw an apparition that neither have slept in the room i inoe, but have taken up their quarters in the front awn of the towe. Every night the deeping, rooms of tbe family at* now illumiaated, and lights are kept .burning tOl morning, in dread of Hie ri?itatioo? It is pro bablf because the family were expecting a, reap peaxance of the apparition that it was again seen a few nlgttts after its first visit, and this time by tiw father. Manning per* was tying awake and.looking through the open door of Ittsbeuroom into.tbe room where-his sons were sleeping bevoncl, when a grey figure with a cowl over its head, sueh as described by theyoiuger son, passed slowly across the room. It appeared as if it had gained entrance by the Croat door, but both front and back doors ware found* looked after the disappearance of the figure. There is no doubt but that the inmates of the house have bad a great fright from-some cause or other, and there is a disposition to connect the disturbing element with the manes ot the poor gud who breathed her last in tbe house under such circumstances that an investigation into the cause of her death was rendered necessary. Mr. John Dunn, Jan., J.P., is to address the electors for the Legislative Council at the town hall, Fort Adelaide, this evening. Other candidates are invited to attend. The Holdfast Bay Saiiway Company have arranged a special time-table for the trains on that line on Monday next. Several of the trains will stop opposite the Mor?hettvffle £ace eourse. A board of officers of the Local Military Force is to assemble on June 30, at the Govern ment store, to take stock of the military stores in charge of the Government storekeeper. The annual dinner and a general meet ng in connection with tits Prince Alfred Collegians' Association are to take place at the college this evening. The first quarterly prize meetimr in con nection with the Kspunda BiSs Olab will take place on Monday, and will be followed by a military ball in the evening. Another monster temperance meeting in ooonection with Mr. Matthew Burnett's tempe ranee mission in this colony is to be held iu the Tbwn Hall this evening. -His Worship the Mayor (Mr. K.T. Smith, MLP.) is to take the chair. A Brisbane .paper states that the old Qoeenslaod Theatre is to he pulled down, re built, and considerably enlarged. The inn of J63.G00 has been borrowed for the purpose, and is to be spent on it. Work will be commenced at the end of July, and the theatre is to be opened on the Ist March, 1681. The proposed rifle match between officers of the Local Military Force and officers of tbe Kifie Association wfll probably take place on July 17. The conditions win be seven shots each range, the ranges probably being at 200, 4C0.500, and 600 yards. Officers of the force wishing to compete are requested by a general order to forward their names to the Staff Office. There waa only a limited attendance at Owner'* Theatre on Friday evening, when the comedy of-"Engaged" and the farce of "Kiss in the Datfc" were rnpnatefl. The audience thoroughly «njoyndthfl finished acting presented, | and the leading perforsoeis were vociferously applauded. To-night that capital actress Miss Ada letter will take her benefit, when the \- Lady of Itfona" will be produced. Another entertainment was given by tbe Troubadours at the Town Hall, Fort Adelaide, en Friday evening, June 18. it being the occasion of Matter 8. McLean's benefit The attendance was oorr moderate. Tbe company will appear for tbe last time in Adelaide at the Academy of Musi* on Monday evening, when Kiss Tullock and Miss Fox will take a benefit, and a 0110109 programme will be presented, The monthly entgrfofoment in connection wifctte^delaaeLoa^No. S, LOXJ.T, Bight Worthy Grand Lodge Othe World, wa? held on Thursday evening In the Oddfellows' UalL Frankhn-street The G.W.O.T. Bra. W. B Stephen*, occupied the cbair, and in his ?f****V address referred to the good which was betof don by Mr. Matthew Burnett. The entertainment consisted of •ongs and recitations, and was well carried oat by Messrs. Smart, Lapsley. Cleve land, Oay, Mitchell, Porter, T. James, and Uisse> Benson and Winwood. The Misses Wiuwood presided at the piano. There was a very large attendance. Trickett, the champion sculler, "did," during Friday, a* many of oar local lions as could be viewed in so short a apaee of time. He wag driven to the footoftb* hills, and sound the city. After a pleasant jaunc the ohasuaon V!?!!£C£ •*• Toir? f"^ ««l ftom the tower of that building viewed the pleasing Undsespe Biaee his stay here Mr. Trickett has been the guest of Mr. James Williamson, at the York Hotel. He ha* also ezpeUeuaed che greatest sinfoess from Mr. Allison, of the Theatre Kojal,acd those attention* combined with the hearty official reoaption from the Mayor and a number of leading eitiseaa, have impressed him vety highly with what some humorists eaQ the ' "most 'flourtshing city in Austaalia." Mr. Trictatt leaves this moriang by the 1605 train to catah she Orient, and eommenee in earnest his voyage home to Bngland. : A special general meeting of tbe Tort Adelaide Football Club was held at Addooa's Hotel, Fort Adelaide, on Friday evening, June 16, to consider a letter from tbe ban. secretary as to a dispute between himself and the captain. Tbere was a large attendance. Mr. T. Gxfford acttd as chairman. It appeared that Mr. J W Channoo (the hon. secretary-) appointed an umpire fora match in the absence of, and conse quently without the authority of the captain (Mr. J. Atkins) who thereupon wrote a letter to him, asking him to be ao kind as not to inter fere about tbe field-umpire again without instructions. It was this Utter that Mr. Chan turn objected to, stating that he could not have obtained the captain's oonseat to the appoint ment, as the Utter was away at the tun*. After bfine consideration the club decided to support Mr. Chaouou in bis actiun in the insttnr j The tr embers of the Military Bail Cotn miuett held their annual reunion dinner at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, Kuudle ttrett, on Friday evening, June 18, when about thirty representatives of the artil lery, cavalry, and iufaotry force* sat down to an excellent repast catered by Host Redman. Color- Sergeant Muirhead waa in the chair and Color Sergeant Pine in the vice-chair. The chairman proposed the loyal toasts, which were received with musical honor*. The vice-chair men proposed " Ihe Parliament of Sooth Aus tralia. In doing so he said he used yean ago to wateh the proceedings of the Parliament to tee whether it vac their iniantkm to supnort the old volunteer foroe. Now he could "not tell whether it was the intention of the Parliament to rapport the military forae or not However, he trusted tttat the Parliament would see fit to support them at it Lad doue during the past three j«*r«. Ser geant Krlehauff responded. Brigade-Sergeuit- Major Perry proposed the health of " The C >m nandsnt, Colonel Downea, and Oaptain Fer guson,*' ooupled with the name* of the officers of the 8. A. Military Force. He referred to the volunteer force as it wh ia the peat, and although he did not •peak disparagingly of their efforts yean ago, he thought with the aid of Colonel Downea and Major Godwin the volunteer* were more efficient now than they were then. He trusted that Oaptain Fergosson would gain the aamarcapect that Colonel Downs* and Major Godwin bad done from the members of the fane. aergea?t-ltajor Hum responded, and spoke in terms of eulogy of Ootone] Oownaa, an officer whom be said be met for the lint time at the Woolwich artillery school for the reserve force* in 16T0. Seegeant-Major Moritt proposed The staff setgeant-rnajora." He •poke in praise of the instructor* and the nterett thty bad taken in m.n? g the men. efficient Bergeant-Major Bart, in replying, expreraed hi* great pleasure in knowing that the staff sergeants were held in so much esteem. Speaking of 25 years ago, he could aay that the duties of the staff sergeants were then far more difficult titan they were now, as in those days scarcely one out of ten recruit* could nad or write, bat now with the advanced system of education the teevuite were easily taught the drill, especially when they showed the slightest aptitude for instruction. Mr. KiohoU* proposed "The Health of the Non-eoaamuaed Offioen and the Members of the Military Force." The chair man responded, and in t?tomiag thanks on behalf of the committee presented Mr. A. 8. Molten, who bad aated as the M.O. at the military Jbells, with a gold pencil-oase as s slight acknowledgment of the esteem in whioh he waa held by the membea ef the .forae. The ehair* man stated that Mr. Moltoa had on several oc casions given his services, and had refused any remuneration whatever. Mr.Molton suitably re plied. Sergeant Berry then presented Private Muirhead with anlvercaain in acknowledgment of hie services in connection with the last halL. Other toasts followed, and the eompsny broke ; op after « very pleasant erasing had been spent, the proceedings being diversified with ■ongssnd recitations given in good style by Brigade- S?gt.-MajorPeny.Colar-Berge*j?t? Mairhead, and Pollaine, Sergt. MarahaU, Nimmo, Tomp kin?, and Krichanff, Bombardier Dyke, Oorporal Btibbles, and Messrs. Westropp, Molton, and Canull, 