j!2f ANALYSIS. By Abous. It is with a feeling of reluctance that I have to chronicle the dosing interest of oar Legislature. The actions of W.A. Legislators have become such an object of eonoara to the cittaau, such a magnet to dwellers in the more populous centre and — in a word such an evening resort for the 'nineties' and others in the Government servioe that I venture to think there is a foaling of keen rogrotm the community that the eftanon is ended, and that hence forth its blundering - progression' will be bos aa unhappy incident in oar march, of pragmai noithnr a joy of memory or a pleasure of hope. The Governor's dosing speech is acknowledged on all sides a masterpieos of official talent, and such a pfll for our senators to gmp that it wilt take them beyond new year's day to revive that literary bracing. Even Messrs. Parker and Steere, with all their assurance, were entirely flabergasted with Sir William's Audit smartJona, and al though tbe House could act have sent a lass pkusibla memorial to the Secre tary of State, it is as tame as ditch-water. And so tbe first session of our new political froth is at an end, Yea, air, tbe Legislature is prorogued} During tbe savers! weeks that so many just men suspended their various daily callings to attend the moJtaarioss and onerous duties linBianiiadl of them bytheBteta, in doing a work that is intended by tbam to abide lone ***** «he liuaiauu] which it gathered together have been scattered to the four winds of heaven, Sir William's official shield and a mere handful of words assures oa tint the chief public feature of the session — the Loan Bui — may or may not have his oonfidraitis! consideration. He says, in elect, that such a loan as the third of s million sterling or so would indeed be a very nice thing for those at prosant flourishing in the colony, and he hopes they may get it— that's alL Legisla tanV minds in this colony are so remarkably like weather- eocka that it is probable, judging from past experiences, although warlue almost to die knife prevailed upon the Audit Bill, that when the House next meets the wolves will lie down with tbe lambs— A Is to the result of tbe lash upon a whipped ear. Whether Dr. Jessop's recent ghost story in connection wall Lord Orford's library at Norfolk was an optical fflaskm or not, it appears from the literary gossips that the learned doctor still believes in what he saw— a spirit's hand before him upon tbe table. Of course such a case, if really authenticated, manifestly oomes more within the rules of evidence than a ghost, whose coyness is so great that it only condescends to make itself visible to one person. Now, with us in this colony, without the slightest temporary derange ment of the nervous system, we have reached the ghost season, that wonderful exhibition of Professor Pepper's Ghost having commenced at St. George's Hall last Monday evening. Before opening my criticism upon Pepper's renowned optical illusion it is perhaps as well to mention that this entertainment, of which the public has had many repeated notices, opens with the highly attractive comedy entitled 'a Conjugal Lesson,' in which there are the two most interesting characters— Mr. and Mrs. Lullaby. This comedy is so analogous to what we see and hear in every-day fife as to command the interest and concern of the mivmm im mediately the some is drawn, an interest which each character retains throoghoat the piece. I do net think it passible there could be a bettor ^-ipfy^ntiim of the imperious and somewhat zevsengsfel Mm. Lullaby than Miss Evelyn Kldced in the character of airs. Letitis, as she places before you the vivid expression full of warm, womanly force in rnlstifniship to the description of die man for whom she evinces £ar greater respect as the parent of her only son than she «Thihih» for him as her husband. In such a representation Miss Eldred would seem to have nothing to assume beyond the mere dress proper to her rank, being, in the appearance of this character aristo crafcie and ptwwhig, and adequately tempered with the one softening influence. As in all characters nndai^ftyn by Miss Eldred she entirely BRparatew herself from the piece in which she is engaged, which to all is so thoroughly effective that since tbe days of Grace Egerton's dramatic manipu lations, the stage of this colony has never had such an ornament. She has undoubt edly given us the right idea concerning the manner in which Carissima should be sung, nor is this all or the greatest that Miss Eldred does, and in every scene she is excellent; and that conviction is I strengthened the more one sees of her. Mr. Griffiths as Mr. Lullaby plays bis part with much cultivated professional tact and true judgment. In hu stage business and ia the general completeness with which every detail of his character is attended to, Mr. Griffiths' sucoassM experience of the stage is noticeable in every way. That charming song, Carianma, was on Monday evening admirably rendered by Miss Eldred, as was also ihe ancient Scotch ballad of Comin' thro* the Bye. In sing ing Carissima the music seems to have been pitched into that young musician's throat. To the audience it appeared that this particular air was like a test purposely «1«iUfod to show the extreme limits of her capabilities as a vocalist, and the achievement of it on her part was one of those efforts which draw forth the appro bation «rf an anriwttwi -^tpnhl-» qf 4yj£irj«ing| and whose opinion is worth having. The Fisher's Ghost illusion was a facsimile of a murdered man in his winding-sheet. This part of the entertainment was excellently managed, that illusion being complete. In respect to the after- part, it should be taken into consideration the disadvan tageous circumstances with which Mr. Gn&ths; was surrounded. The destruction of a huge portion of the apparatus was sufficient to damp the energy of any ex hibitor; sad therefore the shortcomings daring this part of the entertainment were mose the mirtfortiroe than the fault of the management However, I think the public may rest assured that the arrangements wffl be perfected daring the future exhi bitions. It is gratifying to hear that in a iew days 'The Fairy,' or 'Prismatic Fountain,' will be added to the other attractive features of the entertainment ; together with fresh music and songs by Miss Eldred. Them is disappointment in many direc tions owing to the recent alterations an the Municipalities' Act not ceoferring tbe distinction of' Alderman' apon the present CooceuloiB at the same time the city chairman was created Mayor; the omission eoold aot have been aarideatal, yet its cause is known only to those concerned in framing M'» EtiU. The Mayor's dinner was a highly jovial gathering. The speech given by tbe Acting Attorney General upon that occasion was, unhappily, by no means consistent with the Ismraitnhln ink-pot scene that took place at tbe Supreme Court last week. The learned gentleman, in responding to the toast of the Bar at the Mayor's festive spread, was understood to say ' I think tbe Chief Justice witt bear me oat when 2 assert that ia tbe fern arguments which have been brought before His Honor up to the present time, the members of the Bar bave endeavored to uphold their dignity and .to do justice to their clients and to society.' I will leave my readers to judge whether the Burt-coH-Palmer-inLpot affieay was con ducive either dignity, justice, or any thing else on that score. The butchers' shops of Perth on Friday night wore their usual gay and attractive aspect, and were much admired by the onlookers. The arraogemeots of Messrs. laddelpar and Armstrong in this respect are of the very first order, and do credit to them as meu thoroughly conversant with their bosineu. 