TIIE QUEEN'S THEATRE. Mr. AY. H. Leake, who lias already won from tho theatre- going- public of Syduoy n full meed "of praiso for lu's capa- ble actinir in emotional dramas, essayed at the Queen's Theatre on Thursday and Friday evenings tho ferformnnce of that "great test character "Hamlet." t is no mora than simplo justice to Mr. Leake to say that ho fully realised tho .most sanguine expecta- tions, and acquitted himself in tho performance of his difficult tusk in tho most creditable manner. There is nothing- startling or decidedly novel in Mr. Leako's interpretation, except thc fact that, unlike most of those who essay the part, lie did not indulge in rant, nor mouth his phrases. While adhering with tolerably close fidelity to the lines laid down by tho great master Hamlets, ho has evidently made the part a deep study, and intends his representation to bo not so much what will please as whot he believes to be tho truthful inturprotution. Humict, as played by Slr. Leako, is a man of noblo nature, deep sensitiveness, and a j)hilo8ophicul temperament, but there is not the least justi- fication afforded for tho supposition that " God's noblest gift to mau " had been overturned, and that his keen criticism of tho shams and hypocrises of lifo wero tho outcome of a diseased and morbidly sensi- tive mind. Hamlot, according to Mr. Leake, may or may not have trembled for a moment, on tho brink of that abyss of mental darkness ; but thoro is moro to load us to believo timi tho manner was the cloak of ono that saw too deeply into the world, and cared little to bc of tho world. 1 rom first to last Mr. Leako claimed tho closest and most thoughtful atten- tion on the part of his audience, and that his clover pour trayal of tho part was fully appreciated was indicated by "tho hearty plaudits ho received und the frequent recalls he had to acknowledge. Mr. H. H. A'incent appoared as tho Ghost, with marked success, and Mr. J. Martin played well as Folonius. Miss Marian Melrose was specially suc- cessful as Ophelia, and deserves warm commendation for ber clever rendering of tho part. The two gravediggers Mr. Greville and Mr. Leaton-wore amusing ; ' but the other characters were weak. Two performances will bo given at tho School of Arts, to-night und ou Monday, for tho benefit of Florence and Ida Murray, who are well known as having made a hit some time ago as Budge and Toddie, in " Holen's Babies." Those who huvo not seen them will enjoy the treat which will bo presented on these occasions. Tho AVcstern Suburbs Musical Socioty repeated tho per- formance of Birch's cantata, " Tho Merrie Men of Sher- wood Forest," at tho Oddfellows' Hall, Ashfield, on Thurs- day evening. Tho society having amongst its members re- sidents of both Burwood and Ashfield, it was considered by tho committee that, to meet the convenience of residents in both localities, tho experiment, of repeating tho programme might bc fairly attempted. Judging from the attendance, it is not likely that tho same will be repeated, as the affair ended in a financial loss to the society, much to the mortifl I cation of tho members thereof. The cantata was performed much moro smoothly than was thot- ase on tho previous occa- sion, and, despite many dispiriting surroundings, the pro ¡rrainme of the evening was gone through most successfully. It seems tacitly understood that in futuro the society will confine itself to giving its periodical concerts in Burwood, from which quarter tho main support is drawn. Tho Parramatta Dramatic Club performed "London As- surance " af. Parramatta on AVednesday evening, as a com- plimentary benefit to tho Cumberland Band. Several lady amateurs took part, and tho affair was a deoided SUCCBBS. A soiree dansante terminated the proceedings very plea- santly. The Balmain Royal Amateur Minstrels gavo ono of their amusing entertainments on AVednesday evening, ut the Hospital for the lusuno, at Parramatta. Tho programme consisted of a collection «f choieo negro melodies, and solos upon tho violin and cornet. Tho amusements terminated with tho humorous farce called " Tho Lawyer's Clerk." By the kindness and great ability of tho members of this really cxcollent compan}' a very agreeable evening's amuse- ment was afforded to a largo number of tho inmates of tho institution, who appeared to thoroughly enjoy the plea- sure provided for them. Dr. Taylor thanked Mr. Ireland for the admirable entertainment ho had provided, and assured him that with his amateur friends they could engage in no moro noble and genorous undertaking than in affording amusement to thoso so sadly afflicted as wore tho insane ; to which Mr. Ireland replied that ho organised this amateur company chiefly with a view to visiting the hospitals for tho insano, with tho object of affording amusement to their inmates. A performance in aid of tho widows and orphans of Freemasons in tho colony is to bo given on Tuesday oven ing. A considérable amount of patronage has been lent, and there seems to bo lit tle room for doubt as to the success- ful result of the entertainment. IT is notified by udvertisoment that a bazaar and salo of plants and flower's, fruits, and Christmas presents are to be hold this afternoon in tho School of Arts, North Shore, in aid of St. Thomas' Church Building Fund. Many of tho residents on the North Shore will, no doubt, gludly patronise this fresh eflbrton behalf of St. Thomas' Church. 