This dajT fortnight we gave an outline of tlie local;- results of the operations of certain mining rights socured under the mysterious provisions of the twenty-eighth section of the Mining Act — by Messrs. Thomas Garrett and Donald Larnach, tho former a member of Parliament and an ex-Minister of the Crown, and, as might be expected, some what of an expert in the interpretation of the law which in one or both of the before mentioned capacities, he must havo been instrumental in framing. In that article we pbintod out that the transactions of these gentlemen had probably been effectual in reversing, partly or as a whole, an enter, prise that must — had it been carried out as originally foreshadowed — have benefitted this end of the South Coast to-n incalculable extent as compared with the one which appears to have been thrust upon tho prime movers by sheer force of circumstance, as it ?were j and we promised our readers to follow, the .matter np, and to examine the title of these gentlemen, under the provision afore said,, by the light of other provisions cf the same Act, and by the light of transactions by Mr. Henry Copeland, M.P. It was also our .intention to throw a glimmer on' the same shady business by means of other reflectors which have till now eluded our grasp, ; but, had not the matter of the title been what we consider a clear evasion of the letter and spirit of tho Mining Act, and an unmistakable case of blackmailing of the public estate by its prof es-ed conservators— however injurions the transfor of tho coal woriiings from Brbughton Yalo to Jervis Bay might prove to this district in any sense whatever, had, wosay, the title of tho lessees of the reserves at tho latter place been honest and legitimate ones, tho reversal on the, original plan of operations would be con sidered merely the move of astute a,nd clear headed business men. But when th'ese titles, as wo 'trust we shall be able to :9how pre sently, are an evasion of the law, — so far as any information regarding their conditions may be inferred by their operation— and ouly require to be allowed elasticity equal to the conscientiously modest demands of him who first discovered the beauty and convenienceof his own handiwork, wo for our part shall not shirk our duty in exposing the nefarious plot, with whatever result, though some journalists wo wot of, with tho colony 'as a constituency, have plainly, if not designedly, evaded this matter. : ? In .regard to the occupation of Grown lands for gold and other metals or minerals the provisions of tho Act set forth the princi ple 'clearly enough. ; We' quote 'here, /the two sections having reference to the' occupa tion of Crown 'lan'ds, for 'inining for gold and- other metals or minerals under the provisions of tlio Act. SO.-^A lease for gold-mining purposes under thin Act may bo granted for any term not exceeding fifteen years, and no such Mease ' shall embrace an area exceeding twenty-five acres V ; * ?, *. 37\. The yearly rent to be reserved in any lease for ? gold mining purposes shall be twenty shillings per acre ? ? . A'preceding clause details the classes of Crown land within a' gold-field - which are exempt from such leases ; and the regula tions under tho same Act prescribe the labour conditions. So much for gold- mining leases under the provision of the second division of tho Act. We shall now exam: it the third division referring to mineral leases and. licenses, with a view of showing their limitations and letting the reader see the subterfuge clause that has been employed . to annul, so far as may be judged by trans actions which shall be cited in this or in . another article, all the safe-guards either by statute or regulation intended to pro . tect the public interest from intrigue and undue monopoly. 66\. The Governor may grant leases for any Crown land for the purposes of mining . for anj; motal or mineral other than gold subject to tho following conditions . ... (t). The area in any lease shall not exceed six hundred and forty acres for coal-mining lots and shall not exceed eighty acres for other mineral lota. (2). Limits the duration of such lease to twenty years subject to renewal for like period. (4.) Kefers to the disposal of appli cation.: (S.) The tent 6liall to five BhiUinss per aero payablo in advance . '. . (6) provides that leases end only on 3rd December, (f.) Lessees 'shall' expend afcthoratoof 'flvo pounds sterling per annnm per acre' on their lota within the first three years of their lcaso. The signification of the foregoing sec .. tionB: and subsections of the Adt is plain enough. A lessee is limite 1 to certain con ditions which prevents monopoly, and evidence of his bona-fides, especially in the. annual payment of a rent and the expenditure of a reasonable amount of capi tal' in working his ground is required. There is not the smallest room for doubt as to the extent of land to be taken .up. It must not be more than twenty-five acres for gold-mining, and not more than six hundred and forty acres for coal-mining. How then docs it follow that Mr. Thomas Garrett, an ox-Minister of tho Crown, and a member of our legislature as aforesaid, can secure to himself, and to anyone whom he chooses to havo in with him — indeed, may till continue to talco up, for ho has secured to himself — forty, fifty, or sixty thousand (60,000) acres of Crown land to mine for coal ? How does it como that while wo havo these provisions of limitation as to area, rental, and labour conditions of lease for coal or gold mining, that Mr. Garrett and others led on by his example in the interpre tation and operation of his own handiwork, has securod the exclusive right to all the minerals in every reserve from Swan Lalco south of Jorvis Bay to Port Stephens on tho. north; and all this absolutely without any limitation whatever, except — if our inform-, ant is reliable — that of an insignificant royalty foe per ton whenever ho, -.his heirs, or assigns, choose to raise coal ? How does it happen that Henry Copeland, tho mombor, for the now :defunct constituency of the Northern Gold-fields, secured to himself and other shareholders of . tho Long Tunnel Co., | the monopoly of 200 acres of land for gold mining purposes in the face of tho above cited clause fixing tho utmost oxtent of such leases at twenty-five acres ?, How is it legal for Copoland, Garrett,- & ? Co., to hold , 200 acres of Crown lauds for gold- mining ^pur poses, when wo . can / defy tho Colonial Treasurer to show that they have, contri buted ono fraction to the revenue for . the same, excepting by tho paltry fee of. half-a- , sovereign each for their ' miner's rights'? No wonder that all legitimate enterprise should be subordiuato to their wish when they hold an absolute fee-simple of all the Crown reserves they chose to apply for, without any limitation whatever ! 'Speech,' says Voltaire ' wns given to man to conceal his . thoughts,' perhaps, better expressed somowhat earlier in Young's couplet, . ? ' 'Where nature's end of languago is declined, ' And men talk only to concrai, their mind.' What are we to infer by tho employment of the : following section — which, stands , tho twenty-eighth in tho Act — for the black mailing abovo mentioned : — \- 28. — It shall bo lawful for tho holder of a miner's right or of a leaso under this Act or any of the Acts hereby repealed to mine for gold or any other mineral or metal upon or under any street road highway navigable waters or under any coin . mon or reserve whether dedicated or not or under any har bour estuary bay river or creek on obtaining from the Secre tary for Mines an order permitting hini so to do aud- for the purpose of; obtaining such order 6ucl» holder shall apply therefore by notice in writing to such Secretary who shall . thereupon inquire' and decide whether the same can be effected without injury'- to udioinintr property or .injury, or , obstruction to such public road street nc highway or to the navigation of such harbour estuary bay river or creek as the case may be and thereupon such Secretary shall issue his order permitting on such cond-'tions and terms and subject to such restrictions as he shall think fit or forbidding 6uch mining as tho case may require Provided always that .the ? said Secretary for Mines before making any decision or issuing any order uniler this or the next preceding section shall cause such notice of every such application to be published in the ' Gazette ' nnd in some newspaper circulating in the district wherein the proposed mining operations aro to be carried on for four consecutive weeks and shall not is-suo any order per mitting such mining to any applicantif any valid objections to such permission shall within three weeks after, the last publication of such application be lodged with him And tlio validity of all . objections shall bo left to. the decision of the said Secretary for Mines. ? - The Parliamentary draughtsman's designa reference marginal , clause is, 'Mining under Public Roads.'- So far as-wo can gather at this distance from authentic records, the intention of this section was to empower the Minister for Mines or Lauds to grant permission to carry underground mining operations through a road to another portion, of a lead,: bi-sected ;by such road, without outailing cost of sinking a fresh shaft, as would lie necessary if such power were not provided in some shape. But was not language given to concoal tho meaning ? Aro wo to interpret tho Act. as expounded in 1874 by -its .'originators, or by the moro practical application of its provisions: as set in' operation by ono of our, most ; astute Legislators. Dot's anyone doubt what we have said ; let them scan any: of the: recent maps of this county and keep their oye on tho Gazette-- .occasionally.' They, will . see' that not only are all the reserves round Jervis Bay; Swan -Lake; -.and : St. George's Basin,' been applied for by and grantod to Mr. Garrett , under this , section, .but lio has also secured all minerals possibly existing under, tho waters of these places, in tho aggregate amounting to some thousands of acres. Hero then is tho key to our. expression some time since of a hope that coal would not be found at Jervis Bay. As stated in our last articlo' we, have evi dence that cannot bo questioned, that a scheme, embodying among its provision a ?railroad through this district, was frus trated, delayed, if not altogether abandoned, in consequence of - this abuse under tho twenty-eighth section. Is Jt any wonder that it should bo foiled - and- demolished, when on tho . one- hand wo should have seekers after . profitable investment, deter mining to get their footing honestly and legally by conforming to law in the pay ment of rent,: expenditure of capit.il - in labour, and tho purchase of right-of-way ; while on the other hand, wo have others regardless of all logal, and shall wo say, moral- restriction, ' driving a coach and-, four' through the law for purposes- of personal aggrandisement? Wo cannot treat tho matter further on this occasion, but as stated in- our opening paragraph wo shall in a future issue further illustrate this legal misnomor in tho flagrant travosties of the second division of tho Act. Has thero ever boon a moro hollow piece of mockory or shnm perpotratcd on tho judicial Bench on this sido of barbarism, than that of our Judges condemning unheard, whomsoever thoy may deem, liuve mado an attack on thein. Tho proprietors oE the' Evening News were adjudged to be guilty of eoutompt before the// were heard in t/ieir own defence, and then thoy wore askod to show cause why thoy should not be punished. Verily this is an astounding phaso of our chamelon-like law — which, it is boasted, assumos that ovory 'culprit' is innocent until ho is proved to uo guilty ! It is tho cankorod ghost of tho tyrannical Judgo Jeffries, after three hundred years of waning light has chased it to darkness, onco moro (hid ing n congoniol spot on its old haunts, seething, as of old, with delirious joy in tho i'aco of tho untried, ' I see tho villiau in your cotiutonanco !' It is tho assumption of infallibility of human judgment based on fallible human law applied on ex- pnrte ovidonco. Tlvo journalists impugnod may havo boon guilty of contempt, but this exceptional mode of ( trying an accused is un British as it is, if not unconstitutional, will' do more to degrade tho Bonch in the oyos of those who havo constituted it., than anv amount of misstatement or contempt by a journalist': could ' possibly ' do. ? lo - whom is tho Bonoh responsible, if not to tho public for its decisions, and surely if a journalist cannot publish opinions that itro current and to . nil intents nnd purposes already published, , whore then is our boasled liborty of the/Press. To gnrroto in this manner is'tno first and best way to dogrndc tlio Boncli,' and if thoPross bo gagged; wliero then is to bo found tho fearless censor, of tlio public wrong. 1 Said tho immortal Shoridan, A' Give to Ministers a corrupt ^ Honso'of . :.0om- mons| givo them a pliant nnd servile Houso of Lords, givo them tho koys of tlio Treasury and the patronago of tho Orown, nnd givo mo tho liborty of the Press, nnd . with . this mighty engine I will ovorthrow tlio fabric of comiption, and .'establish -.upon its ruins the rights and privileges of tho. people. Tho inference from tlio groat orator's : declaration ia that corruption will pprvado tlio oiitiroi machinory of . govorn mont, if tlio liborty.. of tlio ' Press, . is not . .only, fully recognised, but. held sacrod. Did : wo find iti.nocessary : wo could show where, in our ; opinion,' tho Klino: should ho drawn ; but verily it is high i timo wo began to. build legal fortifications to protect our liliorties from invasion by its onoinips within; when tho sanctity of the example of British pro cedont has lost its charm. When wo' road tho delivorahces of some Judges, wo are rominded of what Kano O'Hara wrote in'tlio 17th contuiy Pmy, goody, please to moderate tho rancour of yourtonguo; Why Hash those sparks of fun* from your eyes I Jlemember when tho judgment's weak the prejudice ? i^ ; strong. 4 