THE PHYLLOXERA IX VICTORIA. rrom tha Aruv-. Nnypmbw 4. 1 The following is the report of M. Bchoessler, of tbe Fiench Exhibition Commisiioa, to tbe Chief Secretary, on the dbowse in the vineyards in the Geelona district : — ' Monsieur le Mioistre — ' You naked Mr. Belcour, FreQch Consul and General Commissioner to the Exhibition, to instruct a French Commissioner Jto proceed to Geelong in order to examine the vines affected ?with the Phylloxera vastatrix. 'TheOonsnl having appointed me for that purpese, I proceed to give you tie result of my mission. 'Permit me first to thank Mr. J. H. Connor, the Slayor of Geelong, for his kind reception, and Mr. 'Willis, Secretary for Agriculture, for the intelligent assistance he ha« given me. ' The abort epace of time *t nay command and the bad weather only allowed me to viait Mr. Jamperi's vinpyard at Ceres. 'I noticed there that unite certain aspects tbe vice* were fitkly iiud the young ^hooU yellow, but the proportion of such diseased vines was between 2 and 8 per etnt I canned a few vines to be rooted Up, which I suspected to be diseased, and carefully cat the roots o2 t» submit them to raicrautfopieal examination. *? After minnte^xamication I found nume rous winter eggs, and a few fresh-hatched animalcule, which were to become in due course fully developed winjed phylloxera. 'I was at fnrt struck by the development and vigour of the Binm&lcalie;, which in this prolific toil end in this cliiu&te; have attained larger dimensions than any I ever «aw in France. Their colour also »oemi- to me deeper, to sacb sn inttmity, indeed, th»t at .*r«t I thought I was looking at s ^ew parasite. Bat I was soon thoroughly convl^oed that I was in th« pre sence cf tbe Phylloxera vciiUtris. On that point I have not the slightest doubt 'Your department knows what remedies ar» adopted in Europe to grapple with that dicgeiou* disease. 'And I with. I could (in order to acknow. ledge the feud nocptwa 2 1»t« met witlj everywhere in - the colony) indicate ? more ' effectual mode of dealing with the cane. Bat that ia not potsible. I am only mafaj the following remarks upon the subject : — ' I advise the Tioegrowen to root Qp as care fully as they can, that ia to say, with ai muiy root* as practicable, nil diseased vines, aad to barn them, whilst trusting to tha powers of nature, whoso wcreta are impenetrable, tor the entire disappearance of inch a frightful plague — an event which haa taken place in several parts of Europe. tt By the above coarse the vigneron* have a chance of saving a part of their vineyards, and will, at all events, check the development of the ?eviL I also advise them to barn up, after pruning, all refuse branches and leaves. 'I do not advise the Government to cause all vines to be rested up, and to indemnify the owners, because that coarse woald to ia a financial aapest impracticable and sbuormil, for the reason that the vines being doomed to perish there i» uo reason whatever for the State to go to the expense of destroying them. 'Bat I advise the Government to check by every means in ita power the carriage to any part of the surrounding districts of vines from the Geelong district, which seems to be the only diseased district at present. I am fortiSed ia this recommendstion by the fact thit sacfa sur rounding districts are sufficiently dis'ant not to make it a matter of fear that the winged corses will ever fly beyond the Geelong district, aa they 'are not prone to emigration. ' I shall terminate this report by a short story, whioh lays no claim to scientific authority, buc which I hope will be useful to the vigaerocs, about the phylloxera. ** Tha Phylloxera vaatatrix, the cradle of which seems to have bees America, is a very peculiar insect, the cycle of whose metamorphoiis is known, although it is not possible with any certainty to fix ita commenceuent. 'I commence wita the winged parasite, which is a kind of elongated gnat, reddish ia colour, and from one millimetre to cne milli metre and a half ia size, with two very large npper wings. It lajs its eggs on the lower lace of the leaves, generally ia the angles formed by the juturea (nervuns), and also oa the shoots and on the wood. After six or ten days those eggs, numbering two 'or four, and which are of two different sizes, give birth to a ffogeny having sexes (tires semes), but not pro vided with suckers, that is to say, solely designed for reproduction. The mala born from the ?mailer egg fecundates the female quickly, and dies immediately after. The latter in its tarn produces a solitary egg, bit very big, which she deposits upon the stems and *ocd of the vines here and there, but generally at the root of the stock (anderrim du collet if. la sought). ' That egg, of an olive a ioot, is fixed to the plant by a small book, with which one of its extremities is armed. u In the spring that eg3 opens, and sets free a wingless and sockerlesa phylloxera, which, being very active, makes its way to the ghosts, then gets into the down of the superior face of the leaves, and by pricking the latter down wards causes a scab to develop itself under Death, in which it encloses itself and lays numerous eggs, from which, after several generations, isiue young insects, which then find their way to the soil. The Utter, armed with strong suckers, settle upon the roots, which they devour, lay often, and after several generations give birth to winged grubs (nj/mphes ailets), which iwae out of the ground, and pro dace the winged gnat of the commencement of the cycle, and so forth. ?* I shall conclude by adding that the disease, in Europe generally lasts three years, after which the vines perish. ' Mr. 'VVallis will supply me about every fort night with new subject* for observation, which will nermit me to state if the Drozreas of the phylloxera in Australia 11 toat wnicn 1 nave just been describing. ' Placing myself at your disposal, bo pleased, Monsieur le Ministre, to accept the assurance of my deep consideration. (Signed) Schor33lrb, a A Delegate of the French Governme it.*1 