iX/OVS OF THE D1 Y. VTe publish to-ilay 11 supplement to The Aqt, cont.'iiniii!:, besides a continuation of our Ex hibition notices, our London correspondent's letter mid an account of the sensational divorce enso Dibbs v. Pibbs aud Blair, which has lasted for some days in Sydney, and termi nated last evening by the failure of the jury to agree after being locked up for twelve hours. 'J'lie Legislative Council mot yesterday, and after the preliminary business, which included the reception of a large number of petitions for and against certain railway lines, the. House went into committee ou tbo bill. Tbe first two clauses werp passed without amendment, but on section 3, which detailed thu various line?, the subsections were dealt with seriatim. The majority of the lines were passed unanimuusly, but in the case of the lines to Charlton, Boort, Nuiuurkab, Vnnawonea, Uimboola, Cnsterton aud Alphiugtoii, a postponement was agreed to in order to take evidence on the majority of them. Section 4, which empowered the Minister to increase tbo length of any line to iu estcnt of lint more than one-tenth of the entire' lengthy, gave rise to considerable discussion, and so unfavorably impressed Sir Chas. ' Bladen that he moved as an amendment that, one-twentieth should be inserted iustead. The House, however, failed to see the necessity for uu alteration, and emphatically negatived the proposition by 20 votes to 4. The following clauses, up to number 10, were agreed to, but tlio proposal to do away with gates and fences on some of tlie lines in thinly populated localities was so generally opposed that Mr. Jicid postponed the consideration of tho clause, as was also the following one, having reference to tho assess ment of compensation. . The other clauses \vere''pansed, and no alteration was made in tho schedules of the lines that had been agreed to, except thutthodoviationintheEootscrayiiud Bacchus Murehliuewnsaltcrudfrom three miles to four, to as to run through the township of Melton instead of leaving it to the southward. Tho examination of witnesses on the disputed lines was then commenced, and nfter two geutleuun had given evidence iu favor of a line from Hamilton to Coleraine instead of from Hranxholme to Casterton, av. proposed by the Government, the House adjourned till three o'clock tin's afternoon. This early meeting was agreed to iu the hope that the examination of tlie witnesses on all the lines would be concluded during the present week. A notice of motion was given by Mr. Loritner that a message should be 3ent to the Assembly, asking that Mr. Woods might be examined at the bar of tlie Upper House to-day with refe rence to' the Alphiugton railway. When the House went into committee of supply last night, a long awl.'animated discus sion arose on the item for the payment of . the police. ' Mr Ramsay passed a high eulogium on the conduct of Superintendent Hare in the capture of the Keliys. He also referred to the article which appeared in The -lye on Saturday ' last, showing reasons fur a close investigation into the management of the police force. He said the article in question contained a large amount of informa tion, most of which he believed wa3 thoroughly authentic. He concluded by urging that the services of Air. Hare should he recognised in ii ' substantial manner. Mr. Berry Haid that the article in rpiestion would induce him to hasten the appointment of tho roy.1 commission he had promised should be selec ted to deal with' this subject. He had, after rending the information alluded to, asked Mr. Nicolsbn, the Acting Commissioner of Police if he would like to make any observations on the matter, as it would very likely be brought up when tho police vote came on. Mr. Kicalsoii replied in a letter rend -by the Chief Secretary, in which he stated that he was anxious that an inquiry should take place; and in view of a commission being appointed lie did not wisli to say any thing' that would have the effect of forestal ling the evidence that would be given. Mr. Berry again assured the House that no de lay ahouia take place In the appointment of the commission before alluded to. It was, however, a step that required deliberation, as great care must he exercised in selecting the gentlemen who were to act. Hue regard being paid to this essential care, the commis sion would be appointed without further delay. The House accepted this assurance with satisfaction. Tho whole of tho time from the refresh ment hour up to twenty minutes to twelve was absorbed in the Assembly last night in the discussion of the police vote, the debate mainly concentrating itself on two items, via., the salaries of Mr. Superintendent Winch nntl Mr. Inspector Seeretan. The allowances made to these officer? had been left out of tlie estimates, and tlie fact was istroiigly objected to from various parts of tilt House. After the debate had proceeded at considerable length, Mr. Berry rose from his seat, and declared that every pro posal made by tho Government to re trench had been opposed under 'one pretext or another by hon. members. He held that tlio two items in question were not hi them selves worth fighting for, but tiiey were part of a system, and it would lie just as well to have the fight on these two items. The Government hnil printed the , items . and would stand by them. If the House voted against the proposals of the Go vernment in this matter .they would take it as an indication that hon. members declarod against rctrenclraiout. As to the items them selves, the Government wore justified in strik ing ont the allowances, as they were excres cences irregularly und improperly grafted on to the salnries. Other officers equally deserv ing hud no such allowances, and it wub an at tempt. on his part to do justice as well as re trench. Ultimately the vote passed without alteration. After the police vote had been passed there was Bome discussion over the chances in the Penal department, but even tually before the House rose the remainder oi the votes for tlie Chief Secretary a de partment were disjio-ed of. Several breaches of tbe Stamp Duties Act have taken place within the past month, and the Postmaster-General lias issued Instructions that in future offending persons shall be pro ceeded against to recover the full penalty — .'.'5 — for a first offence. The Postal department lias called for ten ders for a telegraph line from Dimboola to the South Australian border, with the view of connecting with the South Australian system at Border Town. This will afford a direct jibe between Adelaide and Melbourne and provide satisfactorily, for tbe great increase of telegraphic business that lias taken place be tween the two colonics. Tlie Commissioner of Customs has ordered a fresh summons to issue against Mr. A. Cornish, in connection with the charge of smuggling a sealskin jacket, which wns dismissed by the City Court on Monday. Tlie case will be heard at Sandridge. In connection with the unfounded statement to which we referred yesterday, that four boxes of silk, vuiucd at about £1U00, had been stolen from ono of the Customs sheds at tlie Australian Wharf, Mr. J. It. Williams, hind- ir.v-waiter at. the shed in question, has for warded a communication to the Commissioner in which he declares the statement to be abso- 1 lutelv false in every particular, and he con cludes that it Intel been ' actuated by malice. He has requested that full inquiry may bo made into tlie matter, and the Commissioner has acceded to the request. The diamond drill at Kilcuudu has attniued a depth of 312 feet, and another scam of cool 0 inches in thickness has been passed .through. It is intended shortly to remove the drill to another site, but doubts are entertained whether an adequate supply of water can he procured in the locality to which the drill is to be removed. If tho water lias to be carted the cost of working tbe drill will be materially increased. The second reading of the Rabbits Suppres sion Bill was called on in the Legislative Council yesterday ; but, owing to the aniiety of bon. members to get into committee OD tho Railway Bill, it was pc-stponcd until the next day of meeting. In the Legislative Council yesterday a pe tition was presented by Mr. Eraser from ft large number of Wealoyan clergymen ond lay men against the legalisation of tlio totalizator, Tho petition was strongly worded, nnd in ad dition to tlie arguments " that have previously been advanced against the use of tho Instru ment being allowed, Scripture wm 'iwmewhei largely quoted hy the memorialists. The adoption of tlie report of the (.elect committee on tlie bill wan to have been moved by Dr. Dob.-on, but en tlie motion Ving culled on tlio learned gentleman intimated that he wished tlie matter postponed till Tuesday next, which was agreid to. On the motion being moved by Mr. Berry iu the Assembly yesterday that the Bja-aker do leave the chair for the pur; sire of guiugiutu com mittee of supply, Mri i -em: more moved his contingent motion, viz.: — "Thai in tlio opinion of this House tho two hon. members for Hod- ney nre occupying their Bcr.U unlawfully, through tl.o LicAjs of the returning officer of Rodney in not. allowing a third candidate to contest the constituency of Rodney at the elec tion which took place in .Tilly last." The mover poifiled out that tho returning officer had acted illegally in refiiv.hg to accept the nomination of Mr. Crowle after keeping it in his possession until after tlio nomination day had passed. Tho two members, Messrs. Gillies and Eraser, were thereupon declared by the returning officer to be duly elected. By this operation, Mr. Longmorc pointed out, the re turning officer disfranchised the constituency, nnd bccnino himself the sole elector of tho two members. He quoted "nglish authorities showing that the House ot Coin, mons was very jealous of its privileges, under similar circumstances, and had- always refused to allow returning officers to decide questions of law. The functions of such officers wero purely Ministerial, their sole duty being to see that the election was properly con ducted. If they did otherwise they usurped the authority delegated by the House to the Elections and Qualifications Committee. The conduct of tlie returning officer in question i: 1 1 k at the root of the privileges of the electors and their representatives. Mr. Berty pointed out that the mode in which the motion had been brought forward obliged the. Govern ment to oppose it, for it' was inconvenient and embarrassing to discuss it on going into com mittee of supply, and involved . tuo . delay, of the Government business. Mr. Mason said he did not undoistand the position taken up by the Government, for. the objection urged against tlie motion would equally well apply to any other motion moved ou the motion to go into committee of supply. Sir Bryan O'Loglilen 'described tlie action of tho Government on this question as a jelly fish policy. Thc-v ought to deal with tho motion on its merits. He moved, as an amendment, that the matter should be referred back to the Elections and Qualifications Committee. Mr. Wrixon nrgued that the House had nothing to go upon, as the petitioner, Mr. Crowle, lmd failed to go on with his petition. There were therefore no fncts before the House. A lengthy discussion ensued. Mr, Service suggested that the motion should he divested of its party character, and urged that no good or practical result would arise by taking a division on tho subject in its present form. Mr. Dcakin supported this view, and moved, as an amendment, that the question should bo referred to the standing orders committee, liis amendment being so worded that tlie subject would be discussed only in its abstract form, viz., us to tlie proper functions of returning officers. After much debate, Mr. Longinore's motion was put and negatived by -15 to 0. Tho matter then dropped, nnd the House went into committee of supply. A long discussion arose in the Assembly last night on a question asked by Mr. Hall, who inquired of the 'Minister of Lands if lio was aware that Jlr. Byron Moore was in the habit of interfering in the business of the Lands department. Mr. 'Richardson, tlie Minister of Lands, said he had heard that Mr. Moore had been in the habit of going direct to the officer of the department for informution he required, in stead of obtaining it as iie (tbe Minister) thought all information should he obtained, viz., through tlie secretary. He had no direct evidence, however, that -Mr. Moore had acted in the manner described. He would not, therefore, find fault with him. Some speakers expressed it as their opinion that members ef Parliament should not bo allowed to act as agents for their constituents in matters con nected with the Lands office. Mr.M'Kean en dorsed this view, and snid that the business of land agency - should be- left to professions gentlemen. This opinion was received with derisive applause. In the Assembly yesterday Air. Duffy asked tho Chief Secretary whether the report was true that tho police had refused to assist in the search for a lost child nt Bynlong. The follow ing reply by telegram was received from the sergcantin chargo of police at Sey-sSiur ' ' Not oo far as this station is conceriflHI. Seymoui police heard nothing of child being lost until after it was found. I know the man who wrote the report to ific papers, nnd will in quire what was tlie cause of the report. I kuow for a fact that Constable Riley, of I'ya- lung, wa3 nt the search." Mr. Graves has given notice of his intention to ask the Attorney- General "if his attention lias been called to tho operations of a Mr. Washington Rivers, of 22 Collins-street cast, in connection with the Melbourne Financial Co-operative Company (Limited) and the Vic torian Co-operative DrosB Supply Association (Limited) ar.d other similarly constituted com panies." The vote for tlie ' military department having been reduced, certain changes have been necessitated in connection with tlie volunteer force. Tlie services of nine drill instructors have been dispensed with, most of them being old, lmidworking and efficient officers. Their duties are to be TVscharged by " corps aids," who are to lie selected from the volunteer rank? and paid at tlie rate of 2s. Cd. per day. It is thought that sufficiently good men csm be np. pointed who will look after the stores, keep returns and generally execute the work of drill instructors under the supervision of the com manding officer of the group. A general order has been drawn up detailing the duties of- corps aids, and forwarded to the commanding officer of each corps from which- the services o: a drill instructor have been taken. With regard to the disband- ment of tho garrison artillery it is understood that no action will be taken until tlie House shall have had an opportunity of debuting tho proposal when the estimates for the 'defence force are before it. We' understand that Messrs. Carson and M'llwrnith have sold their stcaineis Konoo- Wavra, which arrived from Liverpool only yes terday, ' nnd Taramung, which reached here a short time ago, tlio first-named to Messrs. W. Howard Smith and Sons, and the latter to Mor-srs. J. Rnlerson and Co., for £49,200. T!„-W full) eesself. well built nnd found, uud have large carrying capacity on a small con sumption of ooaf, with about a nine-knot ave rage speed. They were intended to trade be tween this port, Sydney and Newcastle. wDnring the voyage of the steamer Konoo- pnrra, v.hicli arrived yesterday from Liver- ool, the chief steward; C. W. Wentherill, died. He was seized with a fit on the 2-ltli of October, about a fortnight, after the ;ve?sel left; and although aisiduously oared for by Dr. Carroll, the ship's surgeon, Captain Stptt and others, lie died on the following day. Tks cause of death was putdotvn in the official log- book as epilepsy, brought on by-Jrlnk. A deputation from the Wimmera slurs council waited on the Commissioner of Public Works yesterday, and asked 'that the St. Arnaiid and Dnnmunkla uhiro councils be' requited, to bear a proportion of the cost o£ tlio local water scheme. M r. Langridge pro mised to communicate with the Dunmunlile shire council, which was not represented on tlio deputation, nn-1 ask whether they would abide by his decision iu the matter. If - the rcplv was favorable, a decision would be given bv the Minister, or by arbitrators specislly appointed for the purpose. A meeting of the Melbourne Presbytery won lielti in tlie Assembly Hall, Collins-street, yesterday ; tl.e Rev. S. B'obiusoii, moderator, in tho cliair. An application for a minister foi Campbellfiel.1 was agreed to. Tlio initiatory steps to establish the Sustentation Fund sulieine, as proposcd-nt the late meeting of the Assembly, were taken. Tlio October number of tjie Victorian /leeiew contained a symposium, or discussion by various writers on the doctrine of the Atonement. Among tlie contributors vrds the Rt-v. Charles Strong, of the Scots' Church, und tlie breadth of view shown by this gentle- man in his treatment of tbe subject would sosm to lmve created alarm in tho minds of tlie more narrow- minded members of his church Shorty after the appearance of tho article, a caucus was held at the house of tlio Rev. D. S. M'F-achran, to which, besides tho eler-v, fouic of the laity were invited.' Komi of the latter, however, attended, wmw many of the clorgv —ore also absent. Alter n discussion of tlie question, in whieh tee rov. Tcntlemon present expressed their rlarm al the freedom shown in the wlido, it was do dged to bring tho mailer before tha Presby tery. Yesterday tlio I'rcahylxry met, aud notice of tho following motion for the nwt meeting of tho Presbytery was Bivc? ky (W Rev. F? It. M. Wilson " Tlult whtreM M article in the October number of tho I Review, by tho Rev, Ohwles Btruuf?> ?» tl,a irabjoet of 'llio Atonement, lmt i-ftjiB.od wn; siderahle uuoatincio to many Hilfiuttifl.w-- sjwmborsof tho djwsli? Q-irhftt M>oara to them to be the unsatisfactory character of its teaching, this Presbytery resolves -that an opportunity be afforded to the llw. Mr. Strong to confer with them, in the hopo that he may be able to give such explanation p.9 would remove the fcclingi of tincnsincKS oc casioned by the article." It was then moved by Mr. "Wilson, and seconded by the Rev. Mr. Patten, of Hawthorn, "That this matter should be considered at a meeting to be held In a fortnight's time," but an amendment by the Rev. Mr. Hav, secouded by tho Rev. Mr. Xtentonl, "That the matter should not come on until the ordinary meeting of the Presby tery in February next," # was carried, l'he article In question is a historical sketch of the doctrine of the Atone ment, in which the rev. gentleman traced it frosi its sources in- the New Testament q\vn to the most recent philosophi cal speculaf/hns of this century. He shows that In the New Testament it appears in two quite distinct forms, the Epuliue and the Johantiine, the former being Trebrnin and spiritual, and the latter Greek and literal. The early Christian fathers had no clearly defined doc trine of the Atonement, and it assumed dif ferent forms in tho hands of Irenccus, Origen, 'Ansebn, die., down to our own time. air. Strong, after tracing the historical develop ment of the doctrine, remarks that it ehould tench us that " Christianity is a spirit, not a form," nrid that " we cannot all think in exactly the same way even as Johu, or James, or Paul." \- At the sittings of the Banco Court yester day, before their." Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stephen and Mr. Justice Higinbotham in the action Williamson v. M'Kuvey," Mr. PuVves (with him' Air. Williams) moved for a rule nUi for a nonsuit. Arguments were heard nud the court reserved its decision. Jlc one, SiC.t c.rjntre Morris and another, executors of Pensnm, deceased, was a matter in which a rule ' nisi for attachment was moved for by Mr. Fink, and wliich was. grunted by tho, court. Mr. Chomley appl'o t to make absolute a role nm Torft "nonsuit in Hague Y.'Pnvrell, and after, heaving arguments the court reserved judgment. The action for assault instituted. by Mr. Sergeant," late caterer at the temperance bars In the Exhibition, against Mr. James Munro, ' wis called cm at the District Court yesterday, hut- tho hearing was adjourned for a. month owing to the absence of the defendant in New Zealand. Another instance of Chinamen decoying girls away for immoral purpo «es was discovered last night by Senior- constable CfMenvn. The constable was walking down Little Bourke- itreet, and on passing a notorious Chinese brothel be entered it, and asked the occupier ol it if he had been deco3iug any girls. '1 he Mongoliouimrnediately protested his innocence; but Senior-constable O'Aleara, not satisfied ivith this, stal led on a personal examination of the house, and before he bad finished found a rcspectablv-otlired girl, 17 years of ago, in one .of tho rooms. He inked her what business she had iit the house, and she- replied thut the Chinaman had asked fcer that morning, while selling fish nt her \- motterishouse, to comedown in theevening to his house and he wculd'inako her a present of some jewellery, nud she had come td receive it. On further exaimnation«t5oninr-constable O'Meara elicited the fact that the Mongolian had been by the habit of supplying tho girl's mother with fish for .some time past, and had often asked her- to eoine down to his house, saying that he v.'o.uld give her n present. She bad. not; however, done so, but yester day.'. " morning .he made such great promises of giving bur a handsome present that aho visited iris place after her work was over in a clothing establishment, where she was a machinist. He had then placed her in the room she was found iu, and gave no reasons for doing so. The girl was immediately taken away from the house; and on Senior-constable O'Meara going downstairs to arrest the China man he found that he had bolted, and up to a late hour he was not arrested. The Chinaman s a well-known offender in this rcspeat. The girl wa3 taken to the watchhouso and lodged there for the night. Four Chinamen, named Ah Kee, Ah Woy, Ah Sliang and How Len, were charged, at the District Court yesterday, with selling lottery tickets, and each fined £20, with £3 3s. costs. The information in each case was laid by De tective Wilson, who purchased the tickets from the defendants at various periods. Mr. C. A. pmytli prosecuted foT the Crown. A lad, 10 years of age, named Alexander Muir, was drowned yesterday while bathing in tho Yarra near the Lunatic Asyluin. He could Hot swim, getting beyond his depth, sank In the sigLir of his companions The Colling- wood police have been dragging tlie river, but itfve not yet recovered the body. : A want long felt by the northern portions of Fitzroy and Carlton with reference to banking conveniences lias been met by the es tablishment of a branch of the Colonial Bank In Rae-street, North Fitzroy, as announced our advertising columns to-day. It is ex- gtectcd that the bank' will meet with a large amount of support, not only from the very progressive districts of North Fitzroy and portli Carlton, but also from South Bruns wick and other surrounding localities. The banking premises are commodious and cen trally situated, and have been specially erected for tne purpose. The Collingwood publican?, at a meeting field yesterday, resolved that after Friday next the minimum charge for colonial ale shall be i4d. per pint indoors and 3d. per pint out of poors, Imperial measure. |.. By an advertisement in another column, candidates for appointment to the lectureships (a the University are invited to send in their applications to the Registrar not later thau poon on Monday, the 13th instant. ; A petition was presented to tho Assembly last night by Mr. L. JL. Smith from the Indus trial Club of Collingwood, praying that no further leases of the waste lauds he granted to tho present tenants, that tho lauds be sub divided, and that lands be let to parties of men to. work on the co-operative principle. Peti tions were also presented against the tobacco and beer duties. " The Suva land sales," says the Fiji Times, 11 took place on 22nd November. There were about thirty residents of Levukit present. The Wentworth brought about twenty from Mel bourne, and visitors from the surround ing districts swelled the number present to upwards of one knndred. There were thirty lot sold, and as regards the beach frontages, the prices realised were in excess of the upset value. With a few exceptions, the back lots submitted for sale were bought in. The sale realised between £3500 and £4000. The bidding was commenced by colonial men, and the local people then stepped in to pro tect existing interests. The prices obtained were from £300 to' £$00 for the best lots, among the buyers being Messrs. Curcior and Adet, J. F. M'Millan, the Union Bank, Mr. Langtou, and Mr. A. Joske. The rest of the lqt3 sold brought up- Bet value, and in exceptional cases a slight ad- vance thereon. The lots were chiefiy quarter- sere blocks, and one-fourth of the sums stated represent the amounts invested in- the pur chase. Land has been sold iu Levuka at £2700 per acre, and in exceptional case9 it has realised as high as £$000 per acre." The section of the Social - Science Congress devoted to economy, trade, manufactured and mining met yesterday afternoon at Glen's znusic hall, Collins-street ; Mr. Tbos. Loader in the chair. Mr. F. O. Handheld read his paper on Fires on Shipboard, considering the subject cue. of vast and growing importance, as fire i?as foremost amongst our great risks in life. A contribution by Mr. W. C. Kcrnot,-M.A., on Supply of Motive. Power, and another by Mr. A. J. Wright, on Auxiliary Tramways for Country Districts, were read in the eTOaing, Professor Flkinyton occupying tho chair. The chairman remarked that it had been determined to compress the papers con tributed as much as possible, so . that the congress might conclude its sittings Dn Saturday evening, as renders of papeis R'cre quite. -disheartened seeing the very poor attendance at the meetings recently ; but the papers in connection with the congress would bo published a month after the con clusion of tho sitting?. These are the papers for this day's reading : A few Facts About Vineyards and Vines, Mr. H. De Cnstella ; General Averages, by Mr. H. R. Henderson ; and Fire and Fire Brigades, by Mr. A. J. Wright. At a meeting of St. Patrick's Cathedral buildiug committee, held laot evening, the Rev. P. J. Ayhvard presided ; the president, Dr. Fitzp.atrick, being absent in Sydney for the benefit of his health. Dr. Backhnus, who tvaa present, complimented the committee on their successful efforts, and said that there, was no less evidence of this in the progress that had been liinde in the building than iu the amount collected. The Rev. P. J. Ayl- ward reported that since be had made his last report lie had received in cash and pro mises £214 19s. After the ordinary business had been transacted, the Rev. Mr. Aylward ; thanked the members for their presence, ! Hid a vote of thanks to Dr. Backhaul for | his attendance was unanimously passed. ! There was a crowded attendance at the . N.thenmum Hall yesterday evening to hear the Bishop of . BaUarat lecture on The Bpcctvca of History, - the Bishop of Mel- bourne occupying tho choir. The Bishop marked that his lecture would be divided into four sections, tho interval between each being filled up with selections of pianoforte music played by Mr. Sproule. He explained that by tho special request of tho Bishop of Mel bourne ho was lecturing there that evening, and that he did not intcud to give any ghost stories, but to describe those forms which had walked in the dim light of the past, weird-liko across the stage of life, and which he ventured to call the spectres of history. He gave a very interesting description of the Goths, and a graphic account of the pagan times of Rome. He then passed on to refer to Mahomet and Confucius, and concluded an instructive lecture unidst much applause. He was ac corded a vote of thanks. A public meeting to consider the endow ment question was held in the Town Hall, Brunswick, last evening, but was sparsely attended. A resolution was submitted point ing out the serious loss that would arise from the withdrawal of any portion of the present amount of endowment in many districts, it being Impossible to make new roads, or to maintain the old ones, without Government endowment. The National Gallery will be open to tlio public to-day at twelve noon. A sale of Crown lands took place yesterday at the rooms of Messrs. J. Buchnn and Co., Queen-street, when several town lots fc IJotham and Lmerald-hill, were offered and disposed of at good advances on the upset. The total amount of the sale was £1950. At tlie Opera House last evening The Danitea was performed for the last time. Ttf- night Ingomar will bo produced, with Mr, Hatniltou as the Barbarian, and Miss Mayor as Barthenia. On Friday evening Mr. Sam Finery will receive a farewell benefit, when a dramatisation of Dombey and Son will be played. At the Thcatro Royal last evening there was an excellent attendance. On Friday night Miss Pomeroy will receive a benefit, when she will re-appear as Juliet, Die members of tlie Santfridge Mechanics' Institute meet to-night at the local court house. We have received from Mr. 15. D. Christie tlie Octo ber number of CuO'te, Die shorthand inngasme. . A meeting of the. Australasian Tustitutoof Short- band Writers will bo held at tho Athcuxum this overling. Tho Melbourne branch- No. 1 Australian Natives' Association will hold a meeting thin evening at eicht o'clock, at ioukin's room?, Elizabeth-street. Wc are requested to call attention to an advertise ment by Mr. .ttrincr Stephen that his last public heal- ing will be given at Ibe Tuinpuruucu Hull this alter- An entertainment, consisting of dissolving views was given hi tho mechanics' j rut! Lute, Brunswick, luot o veiling, hi aid of Christ Church Sunday school. Tho ball was crowded. We have received from the Government I'rinter tho seventh decade of Rarou Yon Midler's Eucalypto- graphln, a descriptive atlas of tlie Eucalypts of 'Aus tralia and tho adjoining colonics. Tho monthly meeting oi the Colonial Permanent Building -mid Investment Society was held lust ovening. Tho treasurer, Mr. J. B. Lawrence, an nounced the receipts as £.(121 lis. 2d. Tho Ilev. F. G. Buckingham, a Baptist minister of some note, who arrived from England about fire weeks ago, was ou Monday evening hit unanimously elected to the I'&dorato; of the Emerald-hill Baptist Church, rendsmbvacunt by the resignation of the Rsv. Win. Poole. Tho bazaar In aid of the liquidation of the dolit in curred by tho enlargement of Christ Church, St. KUUa, camo to a close on Monday evening. A sum of about £U30 has already been realised, and as other sums arc yet to be sent in, tbe net proceeds will not bo far below £700. One lady stallholder, besides pro viding her stall, undertakes, from donations received by her. to pay all the expenses Incurred— a sum little, if anything, under £40. At the close of thobazinr the Rev. Mr. Low cordially thanked .the stallholders for their liberality und personal self-sacrifice in this undertaking, the friends who had assbted tltem, ami the musical artists who bad so generously given 'their services. 