ROWING NOTES. By CtOANTHDS. ,, ,hafl been so anxiously awaitea The day that bw ftt length arrived, i»r *any We S ^see the fate of many »d this evewng ^ ^ eealed for the lWpirlAnd whether it be to hissatisfac jason. And . in a great measure on r otherwise d p for theatrUggie. hen,ean3 adopted to^iedman ^ expect f° ulltrainref to-day, unless by a fluke; and ®win \\]n.t such a contingency may not hope that b much wiU depend mittee of the 7.H.A.. which has mtbe "mZ nt o( the regatta, but I do not >c8lta " sofar as the management is con ^ i the exigencies of commerce wiU 1 wiU no. a»«cipa» Sere but will at present content myself f a'fervent wish that things wjl go iuy,anathateVeryeVentma C* lSento ^S'oaremen who have just ?S their teenB, I fancy I know a great jabout what is to take place to-day, and nee I want to disburden myself of it, and .1 n«niiPtic Events recently decided at ?wSr.wsasAS 2 of the winners to-day. To begin with ie challenge SCULLS, ie first event on the programme, and for ihich there are four entries, I have no hesi tion in plumping for Tackrtt Stratton, -ho may be termed the " Ballarat prodigy " e having already taken part in 12 races and ,on ii, ,B the only one of Tuckett's three iponents who has a ghost of a chance ,»in«t the present holder of the sculls, ibbs must be an unlikely starter, as he was sily defeated] by Stratton on Monday last . folium*; and Cazaly ought to give up the [ea of becoming the amateur champion roller for reasons which are.obvious to most sople. ... The Challenge Pairs being again a walk er, I proceed to the JDNIOB FOURS, ir which we have five entries. The recent srformances of Ballarat City, Lake, Mel jurne, and University have all been so in irior that nothing remainB for my "tip" it Victoria, who must win easily enough. j MAIDEN SCULLS three entries, Graham, White, and a. The first named has now been ailing for so many years that I have my lubts about hiB ceasing to be a maid this me. Of White I know but little; Fittes is powerful man, but has not much idea of lulling. It is not without some doubt that award this race to Fittes, who, if he can inly steer decently, ought to win it. MAIDEN PAIR. Melbourne have been rowing together a >ng time for this event, but I don't fancy lem much, I know nothing of their oppo site ; still I think Footscray should score " event, if they can row at all. JUNIOR SCULLS. So much depends on steering a straight mt, and that occurs so seldom, that there a good deal of uncertainty in sculling races 'here the competitors are about equal. If tratton go for thiB he will win ; if not, Beal lonld do the trick, as Taylor, the winner of CLARKE CHALLENGE CDP, St Shi? of Se day> J*8 next on the ?iscard ' "if o£ the8e 108X1 88 having no chance whatever ISJww. who were so early disposed «n2?hS5^' ^Footeiray.who foe race iartELf *e 1X1 8Uch company. ?Ming the BSsSe it * between *°DB " witlie l&tfei.; <7 it V4!ww" basthe Yerv ® ^Jn tL sons who have been rowing for some years past and with supcen amongst the members of the K.R.C. I assign the Maiden Four to Richmond, if the others do not object. QBAKD CHALLENGE COP. We have here five entries, of which I fancy Melbourne and .'' City" will not start; if so, the field will' be reduced to Corio, Civil Ser vice, and Footscray, the latter being the pre sent holders, one of whom has been recently laid up with a bad hand, but is, I understand, to take his place in the boat to-morrow. Footscray row roughly, but get a lot of pace out of their boat; I fail to see how they are to beat Buch a crew as Up ward's, although the latter will have had a Bevere race for the " Clarke" Cup. The Service will be quite fresh, and ought to be in good condition; they are rowing well, but not in much form, and must surely play second fiddle to Corio, for whom the race would have been a per fect '* moral" had they met the fours before the eight. Even as it is I think they will be hailed the winners. A rowing man who saw the eight-oared race at the late Barwon Regatta from the bank from start to finish, writes his account of the struggle as follows" Having visited Oeelong expressly to see this race, 1 took up my post in a fast trap about 300 yards in ad vance of the starter. After a good deal of delay the word ' off' was duly given. At the outset the Barwon, who were protected from the rather stiff breeze by the land, and the Melbourne crew, who had the middle posi tion, got away eplashily, but at once, whilst the Corio, who were in the rougher water, commenced more carefully and slowly. It was evident, however, after the first two hundred yards, that the Bar wons would not be in the race, as although their stroke and No. 7 rowed excellently well, the other men were evidently unfit for the company, and I doubt whether any disinterested spectator gave the Bar won a thought after the hall mile, ao great was the interest in the struggle between the two grand crews who opposed each other for pride of place. At a quarter of a mile, the Melbourne, rowing a beautiful and regular 40 strokes a minute, were nearly a length ahead of the Corio at 38, the proximity of the crews admitting of a capital view of the styles of the two Btroke oara. The Cambridge style of Fairbaim, which appears to enable his crew to get on all at the same time-a most wonderful power of Btroke, but rather late was thoroughly pnt to. the test by the long pull through the water of Upward, whose crew worked like a machine; whilst the swing of the Melbourne, which with one ex ception was faultless, was surpassed by that of Corio, every one of whom was in perfect swing. At half a mile the half length was still preserved, the Corio rowing a stern chase through the wash, keeping excellent time and form, and the Melbourne, in no way put out by theirtough antagonists, who refused to fall be hind ; by this time, Fairbaim seemed to think it would be well to get another half length, which he nearly succeeded in obtaining, as at one point, for a few strokes, he was barely clear of the Corio. Coining up to the Barwon bridge, the pace became very hot, each crew alternately putting on more pace, but scarcely ' spurtingFairbaim each time waited till Upward's effort died away be fore he anBwerea, and thus the Melbourne always seemed to have the advantage. At the Bridge, Upward made a longer attack than usual, consequently, before Fairbairn answered the crews were actually level, bnt the hopes of the hitherto in vincibles were lowered when for the last time the Melbourne heavies answered as before, and with the result of landing them victors by about 20 feet Wbat the result would have been had the Corio been quicker off at the start, had the middle coarse been theirs, or had three of the Melbourne had as com fortable a previous race in the Fours as had half the Corio men. I cannot pretend to say; 1 merely state what was, not what might have been. In conclusion 1 need scarcely add that I Relieve two better generals than the strokes never met in Victoria, and that their next contest will indeed be worth a long journey to witness." 1 have much pleasure in stating that a telegram "was received yesterday morning from Mr. Geo. Upward, of the Corio Bay Rowing Club, accepting the position of stroke oar in our Intercolonial crew. This is good news, for, without expressing any opinion as to the merits of Mr. Geo. Fairbairn, who is unable to row on this occasion, I look on the Geelongoarsman as thebestmantobehad,and quite anost in himself. The selection com mittee are to be heartily congratulated on the first step taken, and I now nope that Mr. C. Fairbairn, who has proved lnmaelf a first class oarsman, will also consent to take a place in the eight for the honour of Victoria. 