NEWS OF THE DA Y. Oar English advices state that Earl Cowper, K.G., has been appointed to succeed the Duke of Marlborough in the Lord-Lieutenancy of Ireland. In the House of Commons, Mr. , Bradlaugh has declined to take the customary oaths, as they are opposed to his convictions. Arrangements have been made for the proper representation of British exhibitors at the Melbourne International Exhibition, and Sir Cunliffe Owen will act as executive commis sioner. Mr. G. C. Levey, the secretary of the Exhibition, sailed for here in the Lusitania, which left for Australia on Saturday last, and may be expected to arrive here about the middle of June. In Spain there has been the usual inundations following heavy rains that oc cur in countricswherc the forests have been ruth lessly destroyed. The foreign JewsresidentinSt. Petersburg have fallen under the ban of Prihce Mclikoff, and being regarded as enemies of the State, they have been ordered to leave the city forthwith. There appears to be much hesitation and wavering on the part of the Government in dealing with the appointment of a successor to Mr. Childere as Agent-General. The fear of losing a vote in the House through the nomi nation of a Ministerial supporter seems to largely influence the Ministry in its action. It has been determined, if satisfactory tem porary arrangements can be made, to postpone the selection of a new Agent-General to a time more convenient than the present. Colonel Sir Andrew Clark has been communicated with by telegram, and asked if he will under take the duties of tho office until other arrange ments are made. Hp to a late hour on Satur day afternoon no reply from Sir Andrew Clark had been received. Three of the messengers in the Legislative Assembly — Messrs. John Haslam, J. Mahon and Gleney— have been dismissed. These officers were appointed by the lute Govern- ment, tho earliest appointment being tbat of Mr. J. Haslam, who joined the staff in Septem ber, 1877. On Wednesday, the 28th of last month, a notice from Mr. Palmer, the Serjeant- at-Arms, was received by each of theso officers informing them that at tho end of tho month their services would no longer be re quired. The conduct of two members of the honorary bench of magistrates at Colac has recently been prominently brought under the notice of tho Crown Law deportment. These two magistrates, it is alleged, have been fined several times by tho local bench for miscon duct. Tho matter was considered by the late Government, but not finally dealt with. It has been decided by tho present law officers to have the cases folly investigated, and the re sult of the investigation may be that tho two offending magistrates will not be per mitted to retain their commissions as justices of the peace. Tho board appointed to investigate the chargo preferred against engine-driver Henry Smith of being undor tho influence of drink when he went on duty at tho Spencer-strect railway station on the 27th January sub mitted the evidence taken and its report to tho Commissioner on Saturday, for presentation to the Governor-in-Council. The latter docu ment stated as follows : — " After careful con sideration of the evidence we find that engine- driver Smith was not so much under tho in fluence of drink but that he might have driven his engine with safety. We are, how ever, of opinion that foreman Jacks used a wise discretion in taking Smith off his engine, having in view the danger to life and property which might arise from allowing a driver, about whoso sobriety thcro was the slightest doubt, to proceed with his train. As the evi dence is of a very conflicting nature, and as driver Smith has liitherto borne a charac ter for sobriety and good conduct wo recommend for consideration that he bo punished otherwise than by dismissal. Jt is to bo regretted that the course prescribed by clause No. 42 of tho Act for the Better Management of Itailways 1863, to which wo beg to draw your attention, was not adopted in this instance." Having perused tho evidence submitted to the board, Mr. Gillies?amved at the conclusion that thero was no doubt as to the fact that Smith was not Bober on the day in question, and that he was very properly not allowed to take charge of his engine. He was induced to form that opinion by the testimony given by the witnesses Duke, Sadler, Bowden and Harrowin, who are officers occupying responsible positions in the department, who paw him, and who were afforded the best op portunities of judging of his condition, but in consideration of the character which had been gained by Smith and of his length of service, instead of being dismissed ho would order that he should be reduced to the position of fireman, with an intimation tbat if he offended again ho should be dispensed with. The spread of measles appears to have beon checked by the precautionary measures adopted in various parts of the colony, as no fresh cases have been reported to the Central Board during the Last few days. It is reported, however, that diphtheria has made its appear ance at Bcnalla and Wodonga. . The Traral- gon local board have ' appointed Dr. Sim- monds, of Kosedalc, health officer, and given him instructions to report at onco upon tho cases which have occurred in the Traralgon district. In reference to tbo outbreak of diphtheria at Belfast, tho local board reported that there were no cases hi tho district, but it has since transpired that several cases were brought into Belfast from outlying places for tho convenience of medical attend ance. It appears that these cases are nursed in a house occupied by a Mra. Dunn, who also has three children of her own in the house. These children carry out milk, Mrs. Dunn keeping a dairy, and are allowed to play with other cluldrcn in the street de spite the efforts of the local board to keep them within doors in order that they might not be the means of disseminating the disease. It is the intention of the Central Board to apply for an Ordcr-in-Council under section 90 of the Act 264, to isolate Airs. Dunn's house, and in the meantime the local board havo been directed to strictly enforce the regulations issued on the 20th April, which forbid any person suffering from a contagious disease going into a public place. The towns people of Belfast have also been warned by the Central Board and apprised of the fact that Airs. Dnnn has admitted into her house patients suffering from diphtheria. A meeting of the Exhibition Commissioners will be held in the Town Hall, at two o'clock on Wednesday next, when tho executive com mittee will submit their monthly report. In addition to the ordinary business to be con sidered it is anticipated that the deputations appointed to express tho views of certain sec tions -of the community on tho subject of opening the Exhibition as night will attend at the moeting. Work in connection with the Melbourno Social Science Congress has at last been com menced. Dr. M'Crea, as president, called his health section together nearly two months since, but until last week the other sections made no sign of vitality. Meetings of the fol lowing committees have now been .held : — Section No. 2, Education j Section No. 4, Agri culture, Horticulture, and "Pastoral Pursuits ; Eection No. 6, Literature, Scioncc, Music and Art. The members in attendance were Messrs. W. J. Clarko, R. W. E. Maclvor, E. E. Morris, It. L. J. EUery (president of the congress), J, F. Gladman, A. IL Wallis, Dr. Alex. Morrison, Professor Eikington, Sir Redmond Barry and the Iter. Dr. Torrance. The business transacted has chiefly consisted in aug menting the several committees by add ing members of the sections likely to take an interest in the proceedings, and to at tend meetings with some degree of regularity revising the syllabus of subjects provisionally drawn up by the promoters of tho congress, and the election of new members. Air. Harlin, who fills tho position of mathe matical master at the Church of England Grammar School, has been elected honorary secretary of the Education section, and Air. 11. W. E. Alaclvor, tho well-known agricultural chemist and lecturer, has been elected to a similar position on the No. 4 section. Rooms for meotings have been kindly granted by the Royal Society, and the Mayor of AXelbourne, who is himself a member of No. 5 section, will be asked to grant the use of a room in the Town Hall for occasional afternoon sittings. Air. Ellery, as president of the congress, is indefatigable in his exer tions to promote its success, as a proof of which it may be mentioned that he has at tended every meeting convened since its in auguration. The committees of sections No. 2, 5 and 6 will meet during tho current week. The R.AI.S. Alalwa arrived at Glonclg at five minutes to eleven on Saturday night, and left for Melbourne at twenty- seven minutes to threo o'clock yesterday afternoon. She may therefore bo expected to arrive in Hobson's Bay to-morrow forenoon. A banquet will bo given this evening at Geelong to Messrs. Andrews, Connor and Dawes, who contested the constituency at the last general election in the Conservative in terest. The Premier has accepted an invita tion to attend the proceedings, and will be ac companied by Mer.s.-s. Gillies, Francis and Ramsay. On Saturday morning last, Air. Cosmo New- berv, the superintendent of the Technological Museum, gave the third of a series of lectures on mineralogy, the subject being tho extrac tion of metals from auriferous bearing quartz. The lcctnrer in a most lucid and interesting mM-.n.-r V' models and appliances in the laboratory of tho museum, clearly showed the process of extracting silver, iron, lead, &c.;, from gold-bearing quartz. The at tendance was exceedingly large, the majority of the audience consisting of ladies. Air. Rule, of the Museum, also explained the various properties of the baser metals, and how they were to be distinguished. A special meeting of the connci! of Trinity College was held on Wednesday, the 28th nit., at the Diocesan Registry, at a quarter-past four p.m. There were present the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, Sir William Stnwell, Dr. Hearn, M.L.C., tho Rev. Canon Handfield, Aiessr. Hemy Henty, J. W. Rogers, Q.C., E. E. Morris and Alex. Leepcr, The meeting had been summoned at the re quest of Sir William Stawell and Dr. Hearn to make arrangements for the disposition of the whole of the surplus proceeds of the recent fancy fair, and to consider the expediency of erecting a temporary dining hall. It was moved by Sir William Stawell — " That £1000 be appropriated towards the liquidation of the debt to Bishop Perry contracted in the year 1871, and still amounting to £2250." Mr. Rogers moved and Air. Lcc-per seconded an amendment—" Tbat further consideration of the matter be postponed until a call of the council could be made at a time when it might he convenient for the Bishops of Alel- bourne and Ballarat to attend." This amend ment was lost. Air. Rogers then moved — - "That tho £1000 specified be placed in the hands of trustees, to form a permanent endowment for the college, tho interest to be at first applied towards the gradual extinction of all presentliabilitics." This amendment was also lost. Air. Leeper moved — " That £750 bo applied to the re-payment in part of the moneys due to Bishop Perry, and that the re maining £250 bo invested to form the nucleus of a future endowment for the college." The urgent necessity of taking steps as soon as possible to commence the creation of an en dowment fund, of which the college is abso lutely destitute, was pointed out ; but the amendment was not supported, aud was withdrawn. The original motion, by Sir Wil liam Stawell, was then carried. It was further resolved that the rapid increase in the number of stndents rendered it necessary that a tem porary dining hall bo at ouco constructed. The balance left after the appropriation of £1000 to the payment of debt being too small to admit of building in stone or brick, it was resolved that Air. Prit chard, the architect, be employed to design a plain wooden building, which would answer the purpose for which it was intended, until such time as the college might obtain funds for the erection of a per manent structure. Grants were also made for the improvement of tho waterupply, and for coating the new building with silicate paint to ensure perfect dryness. The meeting then closed. Mr. Robert Patterson, formerly a well known journalist, met with a serious accident on Saturday night. It appears that when crossing Albert-street, in front of an omnibus, he was knocked down by a 'bus and the front wh.eels passed over his arm and shoulder. It was tho opinion of the driver of the 'bus that Air. Patterson fell just as the horses ap proached. On being taken to the h'ospital it was found that he hod sustained a frac ture of the arm and shoulder, besides internal injuries. At a late hour last night the sufferer was progressing favorably. William Davis, 66 years of age, was admitted suffering from injuries fortunately not so serious, also caused by being run over by au omnibus. It appears that he was walking in the centre of the road near the Collingwood gasworks, and being slighly deaf he did not hear tho approach of tbo 'bus. The driver called to him, but he took no notice, and was knocked down hy the fore wheels. The worst injury he sustained was a fracture of the bono of the nose. The following cases cf accident were also admitted into the hospital on Satur day : — Harriot Lynch, 11 years of age, re siding in Pitt- street, Carlton, suffering from injuries to her back, caused by falling against a fender ; Harold W. Scofc, S yeara of age, residing at Fitzroy, suffering from burns on bis back, sustained -whilst playing with matches. Lee Kio Chum, a Chinaman, 54 years of age, was admitted suffering from injuries to his face and head. These injuries, ho said, had been caused by some larrikins beating liim, and it was very evident tho poor fellow had been subjected to brutal treatment. A cabman named Thomas Beal was locked up last night on a charge of assaulting Mr. T. N. Fitzgerald, surgeon. It appears that when crossing Swanston-street the cabman followed Mr. Fitzgerald and slapped him on the back because he would not engage his cab. Ellen Sullivan, a young' woman, attempted to commit suicide last night. Sho was ob served to jump into the River Yarra, just below tho Falls-bridge, by two sailors, who at onco followod her into tho water and rescued her. She was locked-up on & chargo of at tempting to commit sclf-dcstruction, and in tho loclc-up she said she was a servant girl, and hod committed the rash act because she had no home. A determined suicide was committed yes terday by John O'Neal, .a cab proprietor, 45 years of age, residing at Grosvenor-street, off tiimpson's-road. About ten o'clock in the morning his wife found him hanging by a rope attached to a rafter in his stable. She at once cut the rope, and it was apparent that life was not extinct. A local doctor was sent for, and in accordance with his recommendation O'Neal was at onco sent to the Alelbourne Hospital, whero ho was treated by Air. Woinarski, one of the resident surgeons. Under treatment he rallied a little during tho afternoon, but at half-past peven o'clock last night he expired. Au inquest will be held on the body to-day. Planting tobacco cn the works of the Pen- tridge Stockade appears to be carried on frequently. The work outsido the Stock- ado walls affords facilities for doing so. On Saturday last, as the warders wero searching the quarries . in the usual i manner provious to the gangs going to labor, they discovered a largo swag, containing a variety of articles; among which was twelve pounds of tobacco, made up in separate parcels for- different prisoners. There were also a number of letters from tho friends of pri soners and a half-sovereign and os. o'd. worth of postage stamps. It appears from the letters that prisoners find some way of conveying letters outside the Stockade to ' bo posted. During the past five months a number of stables and coachhouses in Heidelberg, Don- caster and other eastern suburbs have been robbed in a systematic manner of sets of har ness. Until quite recently the detectives have been unable to traco tho stolen property, but last week Detectives Brown and Lovio ascer tained that a set of harness stolon from Air. Stripp.of Preston, had been sold by a dairyman named William HasLond to a farmer named Griffiths, residing at Bacchus Marsh. Hasland was arrested yesterday morning by Detectives BrownandLovie, andhe then told them that the harness had been given to him by Robert Wilson, a convicted criminal. Wilson was also arrested, and as some skeleton keys and other housebreaking implements were found in his possession, the second charge of having housebreaking implements in his possession was preferred against him. Three characters of bad repute, named John CaUaghan, Sarah Copus and Elizabeth Shicls, were found in Wilson's house, and they were all locked up on a charge of vagrancy. On the night of the 16th April the dwelling of Hugh J. Brown, Wellington-parade, was broken into, and three electroplated candle sticks and other property stolen. On Saturday night Detectives O' CaUaghan and Nixon ar rested a Chinaman named Ah Ho for the offence. They had previously succeeded in tracing a part of the stolen property, which had been disposed of by the prisoner, who is a convicted thief, at a pawn office. Tho ballot for the election of directors for the Australian Alutual Provident Society re sulted as follows : — Air, A. Campbell : Per sonal votes in Sydney, 42S1 ; voting papers, 519S ; total, 9779. Air. J. H. Goo diet Per sonal votes iu Sydney, 3909 ; voting papers, 9967 ; total, 13,876- Air. S. A. Joseph: Per sonal votes in Sydney, 1417 ; voting papers, 9737 ; total, 11,154. Alessrs. Goodlct and Joseph wero therefore elected. The Chief Clerk of Insolvency, Mr. Mac donnell, after an extended leave of absence owing to ill-health, has resumed his duties at the Court of Insolvency. ! The Smytbesdale correspondent of the : Ballarat Evening Post writes : — " Rumor ha j been rife and various opinions hazarded as to I the course Mr. A. Young, one of the latest re- I turned members for Grenville, will pursue when < Parliament meets. It is confidently asserted j that Air. You tig was a Government contractor ! at the time of ids election, which would, ac- I cording to the statute in that case made and provided, render his seat null and void. It is now stated that Mr. Young will take liis seat when Parliament meets, and then resign. This course, if adopted, would be tantumuuut to an admission on bis part tbat he was ille gally elected, and if so he would have no seat at all to resign, but wonld have to give place to the next highest on the poll, Mr. Gaunt." In Saturday's issue of The Age the circum stances connected with an alleged robbery of washes by Louis P. Lee, at Brighton, were. stated, and it was also announced that Lea having been arrested at Sydney, steps would be taken to have the extradition warrant issued. In order to justify the issue of extra dition warrants, it is customary to support tho allegation made against the accused by sworn testimony, and it is invariably the practice of the police magistrate to hear that evidence privately, one object in doing eo probably being tbat, the defendant not being present to answer, it would be unfair to him to make all the details of an alleged offence public when it was possible they might be satisfactorily explained. On Saturday Air. Ellis, an auc tioneer, with whom it is alleged Lee left for sale some of the watches which did not belong to him, was summoned to give evidence in the City Court. He appeared in the court, but when he heard that Arr. Panton intended to hear the evidence in his own room he strenu ously objected to go to the magistrates' room. He thought that every case should be heard in the open court. Air. Panton said he would be compelled to give his evidence in his cham bers. The witness remarked that if a con stable took him into custody he would go there quietly, but it was his desire on the present occasion to raise the point that a magistrate was not justified in transferring a case from the open court to hi3 private cham bers. lie was the more desirous of doing so in the present case because he looked upon the prosecution of Lee as a malicious one. The question was settled by the court being cleared, and the evidence then taken, Mr. Ellis's evidence was given, and, together with other sworn testimony, will be forwarded to Sydney. "Air. Gatehouse, sen., denies that he or his son were concerned in tho indignity practised upon an old mau recently, iu a hairdresser's shop in this town," says the Gcclong Advertiser . " Notwithstanding' this, however, wo learn from Air. J. L. Price, solicitor of this town, that'hc has been instructed to proceed against the Alessrs. Gatehouse by civil action at the next local County Court. Damages are fixed at £49." Tho Grand Duchess was repeated at the Opera House on Saturday evening before a fairly large audience, and was rendered with slightly better success than was the case on the previous presentation. Miss Elsa May displayed greater familiarity with the character of the Grand Duchess, and consequently was enabled to give a more acceptable conception of it ; and Air. Vernon played tho part of Fritz satisfactorily. Air. Farley was especially pro minent as General Boom, and his singing and acting served greatly to maintain the interest, which otherwise might have flagged consider ably. To-night Alartha will be produced, Aladame Rose Hersee sustaining the part of Lady Harriet ; and to-morrow evening Der Freischutz, it is announced, will be given. Aliss Cissie Archer, whoso vocalisation has made her a favorite iu Tasmania, Has accepted an offer from Air. IV. S. Lyster.and will shortly make her first appearance at tho Opera House, Alelbourne, in Girofie Girofla. The Corn wall Chronicle says : — " AVe have every faith in Aliss Archer's ability to sustain any part she may be cast for most worthily, and are assured that critics across the Straits -sill readily recog nise the talent sho possess." The Bsjou Theatre was thronged on Satur day evening by a large crowd on the occasion of the seventh representation of H.AI.S. Pinafore, as played by the juveniles trained by Airs. G. B. W. Lewis, and as the demand for seats was far greater than the available space could accommodate hundreds were denied admission. The piece was played with de cided success : a most satisfactory improve- ment was noticeable in tbo manner in which tho children boro themselves, and the leading characters, particularly those of Josephine, Sir Joseph, and Buttercup, ' were presented with a degree of earnestness that was quite interesting. The eutcrpriso of Messrs. Hiscocks and Haymon in providing a really pleasing, and at the same time complete, means of enjoyment at the People's Theatre by the combination of their Alammoth Minstrcfs with the Victoria Loftus Comedy Troupe has been rewarded during the season by very largo audiences, and on Saturday night, when the last week of the engagement was cnterud upon, the theatre was onco more very liberally patronised. Tho programme was made up of a varied selection of sketches, dances and songs, and the efforts of the performers were much enjoyed. In the opening portion the AlinstrelB wero very en tertaining, Alessrs. Braham and Amery re spectively, who rendered the ballads Wake us at Dawn and When Wo Were Boys Together, being accorded hearty approbation for their contributions. Alessrs. Bent and Brown, who supported the semi-circle at eitber extremity, were most amusing in their dialogues with the interlocutor and in the songs which they gave. Each member of the ' company, who adopts a special line of business, was afforded an opportunity for tho full display of his or her ability, and the scenes, Bad Whisky, by Alessrr, Nolan and Kelly ; Stratagem, in which Mr. Bent was the leading comedian ; and Over the Wall were very well received. The combina tion appears every evening during tho present week. The Drunkard's Death, a spectacular enter tainment, was produced at the Temperance Hall, on Saturday night, in place of tho usual People's Concert. This story, which is adapted from Dicken's Sketches by Boz, has been put into its present form by Air. W. Aletcalfe, who also impersonated the part of the Doctor and Young Warden. Air. E. B. Russell sustained the arduous part of George Warden, the drun kard, with his customary ability, bringiug out the miserably selfish and utterly worthless points of the drunkard's character with pain fully realistic vividness. Air. Geo. Bromley, as Old Grogbtossom and Artful Joe, made several telling points ; bis songs, Life in- the Old Boy Yet and Artful Joe, were well received. Alias Lizzie Bushe as Airs. Grogblossom, Miss Emily Power as Little Dot Warden, and Aliss Neil- 6on as Airs. Warden, sustained their parts creditably. Air. Finnamorc, as the Temper ance Lecturer, filled the place of the ancient Greek Chorus, in that he made comments and explanatory remarks on the various incidents portrayed. The choruses were very effec tively rendered by a choir, under tho direction of Air. T. J. Lamble, and the accompaniments to the various incidental songs were played by Aliss D wight. . Professor Pepper lectured before a large audience, at St. George's Hall, on Saturday c-veuing, and, in addition to his display oi illustrated statuary and tho views of Loudon, he exhibited for the first time a new and im proved optical illusion. The ghost scenes wero well arranged and worked o».ifc, and those of tho spectators who wero bewildered by the manifestations expressed their astonishment somewhat ludicrously'. Tho others enjoyed tho entertaiument, which -will bo repeated each evening this week. Tho Waxworks Exhibition in Bourke-street east continues to bo very attractive. Wood- roffe's Glassblowers, after a tour through the country districts, will re-appear there to-day, and at the- conclusion of each evening's enter- taininent there will be a distribution of gifts. xm important meeting of Freemasons is to hi held at tbo Masonio Hall, Lonsdalc-strcct, a1 eight o'clock to-night. 'l'he following is tho report of tho Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending 29th April : — Patients in hospital. 45 ; admitted during tho wedk, 17 ; discharged, 17 ; died, 1 ; remaining in hospital, 44 ; total number of outpatients for the week, 175 ; new cases, 23. A general meeting of the Collingwood branch of St. Patrick's Society was held on Friday even ing Inst iu the branch-room, Smith-street ; the president, Air. Quirk, in the chair. P. P. Dwyei was elected delegate to tho district. A sub- corn- raittco was elected to revise the laws. Alessrs. Cody, Morton and Dwyer were elected sick visi tors for the ensuing quarter. Two candidates were nominated for membership. Tho tenth concert of a series, arranged by Mr. Berlin Simpson lor the amusement of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, was held on Wednes day night last ; the chair was takeu by Air. W. AI. I'ehon. Aliss Dwight and Mr. W. H. Ford pro- sided at the piano. The following ladies and fcntleincn assisted : — Misses Carey and Stack; lessrs. Dwigkt, Lindsay, Clark, Fripp and Marks. A vote of .thanks to the ladies and gentlemen, another to the chairman and also to the organiser were carried by acclamation. Tilt, recent hanging of Swift Runner, an Indianmurderer,atSaskatchowan, Canada, took placo with a temperature of 40 degrees below aero. A gallows had he«m built out of doors | so that the Indians could see- the execution, ! but when the officers and prisoner arrived, at j the spot it was found that pait of the scaiJlj1 | had been used for firewood by tho half-frozen I crowd. Swift Runner complacently warmed 1 himself at tho fire while the gallows was | repaired. When everything else was rcadj ! the nervous hangman said he had forgotten te bring a strap to fasten the prisoner's arms and ' legs." The prisoner offered to save further trou- , hie by killing himself with a tomahawk, but his proposition was rejected, aud he ate i hearty meal of pemmican with the noos« around his neck while a messenger was fetch ing a strap. A priest attempted to give his» spiritual consolation, but I10 said that the white man's whisky had ruined him, and ao bo could not believe iii tut; white iiittit'a God. preferred a death-dancu by his own people and while they were performing ft he was hanged. 