The Dubbo Shooting Case. On Friday, the 26th October, before Mr. G. Fullarton 1 P.M., Catherine Warren, alias Catherine Wilkie, was 9 charged with shooting at, and wounding with intent to ? murder, Mr. Norton, P.M. Mr. Ryan, solicitor, Dubbo, fl appeared for the defence. u The first witness called was Sergeant M. Keague, who 1 deposed to the circumstances attending the arrest of the 9 prisoner. On attempting to enter the room where the occurrence took place, Mrs. Wilkie said, 'This place is j private; you must not come into it ; ' I said ' I have to get in to perform my duty ; ' after some remonstrance she allowed me to enter and she came in as well ; as soon as I entered she said, ' I shot him ; he accused me wrongfully and I did it;' some five or ten minutes alter she said, ' I shot him : he accused me of drinking, &c.;, and I shot him and I did not mean to do it ; I meant it for myself ; ' at the same time, pointing upwards with her finger, she said, n I fired upwards ; ' in the bed room I said, to Dr. Tibbits, in the prisoner's presence, ' Where is the weapon, doctor, with which the wound' was caused P— do you know ; ' the doctor handed me the pistol produced), which he said he had got from the prisoner ; i the weapon is a Derringer pistol, and is marked roughly with KN or KM. After some further evidence the wit ness said : — I made search in both the rooms for onrh-iHo-o bullets, but all I could find was the cartridge produced, which I found behind the prisoner's box on the floor of the bedroom; I also found on the dressing- table a case con taining a brooch and a pair of earrings ; the prisoner had previously said, ' Look in that bedroom, you will find a brooch and some earrings ; the brooch has Mr. Norton's likeness in it; they are a present he made me ; ' on tho brooch and earrings the initials KN are scratched in a similar way to those on the piBtol. In cross-examination the witness said he knew nothing wrong of Mrs. Wilkie. Edward M'Cauley, the landlord of the Oddfellows' Arms where the occurrence took place, deposed I know the prisoner, who had lodgings in my house ; she had a parlour and a bedroom, the two end rooms next Macquarie-street ; on the 11th October at about 10 o'clock p.m., I was unwell and in bed in a room off the bar ; there is a wooden par tition between my room and that occupied By Mrs. Wilkie ; the first thing that attracted my attention was Mrs. Wilkie's sayiftg 'Don't say that again;' very soon after I heard the report of firearms, but I could not tell whether it was in the parlour or the bar ; up to that time I had heard no voice but Mrs. Wilkie's; when I heard the report 1 went to the parlour door, it was shut; I sang out, 'Open the door;' the prisoner opened it, and she said, ' M'Cauley, I have shot him ; ' I then went into the parlour, I saw Mr. Norton and Mrs. Wilkie, and a child on the sofa asleep ; Mr. Norton was sitting on the floor with his face partly towards the spot where I entered ; I noticed some blood flowing down in front of his shirt ; he said, ' Lift me up on to the chair ;' I assisted him together with a man named Schwoon, who had entered ; after we had put him in the chair, Mrs. Wilkie said, ' Jack, I have shot you, you know you accused me wrong; ' Mr. Norton said ' Yes, I did it— it was my fault; ' Dr. Tibbitts then came, and as 1 was unwell I left thc room. Cross-examined by Mr. Ryan : Mr. Norton had nothing to do with the rooms ; they were rented to the prisoner ; I never saw anything immoral between them ; the front door of the parlour used to be open sometimes ; I do not know if Mr. Norton had been drinking that day ; I saw him on Tuesday ; I could not say whether he had been drinking or not ; Mrs. Wilkie conducted herself well while she was at my house ; when I heard her say to Norton, ' Don't say that again,' she spoke in an angry tone, I heard her walk on the boards very quickly, and then the pistol went off ; Mrs. Wilkie seemed very sorry ; I did not hear her say anything about shooting him by mistake ; I never at any time heard any dispute between the prisoner and Norton; no person used to go into the parlour unless Mrs. Wilkie permitted them. Sarah Ivison deposed : I am a married woman, and reside at M'Cauley's ; I am a servant there ; I know Mrs. Wilkie ; she was there as a lodger, and occupied two rooms ; I know Mr. Norton; Ioften saw him at M'Cauley's in the prisoner's parlour ; on the evening of the 11th October I was in my room at the back of Mrs. Wilkie's ; this was at 10 o'clock ; I heaid Mr. Norton's voice saying, ' I will take the child from you;' there is only a wooden partition between the two rooms ; Norton's voice came from the prisoner's room ; I heard her say, ' You can if you like;' about three minutes after 1 heard the report, I went into the room ; some time after I saw Norton on the bed and Dr. Tibbits attending him ; I saw a pistol like this on the prisoner's table ; 1 took the pistol when I was laying the table, and placed it on the mantelpiece; I never heard the words, ' Don't say that to me again.' Mrs. Wilkie went by the Christian name of Kate ; I have heard her say Norton was the father of her baby. Other witnesses were called, including Dr. Tibbits, who deposed to the character of the wound ; and further said— I noticed in the room where I found Mr. Norton two pools of blood, one almost close to where he was sitting and another near the sofa ; he did not seem to be conscious ; I spoke to him and he imperfectly articulated something which I could not understand ; he attempted to speak several times; when we moved him he seemed quite powerless ; after placing him on the bed, I noticed that his right side was paralysed; on examining the skull with a probe, 1 found a hole similar to that which would have been produced by a bullet from the pistol shown, to me ; I concluded that the brain was injured, and I thought it a fatal case ; when I first saw the scalp wound I thought it might be only a superficial wound, and I got a man to examine the room to see if he could find a bullet ; he could not ; Mrs. Wilkie seemed to be very much excited and alarmed , she said, ' Jack told me I had been drinking ; I said I had not, and if he said it again I would shoot him; he said it, and I shot him ; ' I consider Mr. Norton to be in a very precarious condition ; he has not articulated perfectly since the occurrence ; he understands questions but replies only by signs or imperfect sounds. The further hearing of the case was adjourned. — Abridged from the Express. Apparent Size op the Moon. — M. J. Plateau proposes a method of estimating approximately the apparent distance at which the moon seems to_ different people to be in the sky. This means consists in looking at the moon steadily until the retina iB sufficiently fatigued to produce an 'accidental' image or ghost. The observer must then turn his gaze to a blank wall, on which he will see the accidental image projected as a tinted patch of tne same shape as the moon. He is then to retreat from, or ad vance to, the wall until this image appears to him to be of tne same size as the moon did itself. The distance measured on between the observer and the wall will be the same as that at which he unconsciously takes the moon to be. One ot the sons of the author having made this experiment, founa the distance to be in his case about fifty metres. This seems a small distance, but it was the result of a single expenmen under circumstances which were not veiy favourable, w Plateau concludes the brief memoir on the subject, present by him to the Belgian Academie, by cautioning all persons who may be interested in the subject to take care in repeal ing the experiment lest the great brilliance of the luminary should damage their sight. — Nature. 