GERTRUDE. " I never see her, madam, without thinking of me first cousin, Sir Pheliw O'Dowleston, of Castle Dowleroon, county Antrim. I daresay you have heard of him. Faith, he was a fine old fellow, Sir Phelim, and it was at his house I met her. She's a pretty woman now ; but she has altered a power since then — grown paler and quieter than she was in those days, when she and -Dan-el Barnegat used to make the rooms ring with their fun and laughing." " She and who ?" suddenly demanded Mrs. Colonel Power, with very unmajestic sharpness. She had npt been condes cending to. listen to Major Ogilvie at all. She rarely deigned to notice him at any time, in fact ; bat his last words roused her. " Darrel Barnegat," answered the major. "Barnegat, of King's Eagle ; and its a queer thing to me that it isn't Barnegat, of King's Eagle, who is here with her to-day, instead of that fire- eating Cuban." " Oh !" ejaculated Mrs. Colonel Power. " So she was engaged to him i" " Me cousin, Kir Phelim," the little old major was beginning, when his eye caught the expression of Mrs. Power's countenance : or — to give her the full name that she insisted on being called, and that appeared on her cards, Mrs. Colonel Power. This expression checked him. The sharp face of that estimable but rigid widow was turned towards the unsuspecting object of discussion, and the black fan in the black gloved hands was waving slowly, bnt ominously. The major stopped at once. It sud denly dawned npon his mind that he had made a trifling blander. He knew Mrs. Colonel Power and her sharp tongue of old ; and, it may be added, was not one of her most fervent admirers. "It's mischief she means," was his inward comment; "and it's mischief against that pretty, inoffensive, Mrs. Yorke. She has never forgiven her for cutting out Cordelia, the stiff-necked old hypocrite in petticoate !" The ominous waving of the black fan went on more swiftly. "You were saying, I think, Major Ogilvie, that Mrs. Yorke was formerly engaged to a friend of your cousin, Sir Phelim," continued Mrs. Colonel Power. " On me sow, there's Jernegan !" exclaimed the major, enthusiastically. "Jenergan, of Turftop. When did he come ? I must speak to him. You'll excuse me, madam." And before Mrs. Colonel Power had time to give two waves of her fan, she found herself alone. Tt was rather exasperating to be so bereft of a choice bit of scandal, which might have been used hereafter to an advantage against that woman, her pet animosity, pretty, retiring, well-behaved Mrs. Yorke. Nothing on earth would have so pleased the august relict of Colonel Power, as to find something to cavil at, to condemn, even to ehnn in poor Gertrude Yorke.. As Major Ogilvie said, Mrs. Power had never forgiven her for her triumph over Cordelia. Cordelia Power, the eldest of three daughters, had inherited all her mother's graces of mind and person ; and rumour said, that if Cordelia was not Mrs. Manuel Yorke, it was not Cordelia's fault ; and the fact "was by no means to be attributed to a lack of industry on the part of that resplendent; but some what raw-boned maiden. Some years ago, Manuel Yorke, a wealthy planter iu Cuba, had passed a season in Ijondon ; had been intimate with the late Colonel Power. Mrs. Power, a manoeuvring mother, had tried to secure him for Cordelia ; but he did not bite. Now again they had met here at Carlsbad ; Mr. Yorke had a pretty, gentle wife, and Cordelia was "Cordelia yet. This was why Mrs. Power was so stony in her carriage toward, so cordially detested, the pretty Gertrude; she made the young wife her especial detestation among the summer flock of idlers and invaljds,-cousideriog it her special mission to crash her into humility, with much frosty courtesy, and majestic waving of the stiff- jointed, but marvellously genteel, mourning fan. The hotel rooms were rather full this evening; There" were several new arrivals ; but Gertrude Yorke had taken her place apart from the rest, as she often did. Just now, as she sat talking to her little boy, she looked so singularly youthful, that it seemed almost impossible to believe that she was the child's mother. That she was an American, one could see at the first glance ; her delicate : face, girlish figure, aud black -las Lied, agate-grey ryes, were attributes of no other type ; hut jsbe left the couutry years ago — when she was only fourteen. Au ana', moving in good society, and a woman fond of gaiety, aP.k4 '"riv In due time she had mamba Mtouel Yorke. fijoce then she \- -v ........ and her husband had wandered from- place to place, until the present summer, when, her health failing Bomewhat, they had lingered at Carlsbad. Notwithstanding the quietness of Mrs. Yorke's. life, and her retiring, gentle manners, she was made the subject of' a great deal of comment. People, who found it their duty to be curious in such matters, were a trifle puzzled as to the state of her feelings towards her husband. You cannot need to be reminded what the gossip of such places is. Mr. Yorke was fond of his wife, too fond : he was jealous, nervous, and; excitable ; his fiery Cuban blood asserting itself strongly in the smallest traits of his character. Nothing was more probable, said the dinner-table, than that the girl was afraid of him ; and nothing so probable said the ladies' drawing room as that the girl had given him cause for jealousy, and thence arose the occasional shade of sadness that touched her delicate young face. Accordingly, the best-natured pitted her a little, and there were very few who did not agree in admiring her youthful beauty, and her tender care for the welfare of her child. Among the best- natured, the little old Irish major ranked first. He was persistently gallant, and persistently admiring ; he was continually " on duty" in her behalf warding off gossip. "and interference ; and, in time, the girl grew grateful, and fond of him. She listened to his stories of Sir Phelim, of Castle Dowleroon, joined in hie Dublin reminis cences, and encouraged her little boy's childish confidence in him, and, what delighted the major more than all else, she always relied npon him for advice and assistance, if her husband chanced to be absent. So the major was not at all surprised this evening, during his conference with Jenergan, a few minuteB after he left Mm. Colonel Power, to hear the sweet voice speaking to him at his elbow. " Major, if you please " Or rather, it may be said, that he would not have been at all surprised, if, on this occasion, there had not been a strange alteration in the voice — a straDge, wild tremor, as if the speaker had been terrified. He turned round in an inBtant ; and turning, was stricken at once with anxious astonishment Gertrude Yorke was slipping from the divan, npon which she had been seated, behind the major, and before he or anyone else could catch her, she lay on the floor in a dead faint, A sadden hurried movement around ; and then some gentleman pushed fiercely past Major Ogilvie, raised the lady up, and placed her on the sofa-cushions. At sight of him the major started in astonishment, and his countenance changed as he gave vent to an excla mation. "Barnegat, by the sowl of me lady !" For, in moments of excitement, the major's tongue was apt to be con spicuous. Mrs. Yorke was assisted to her room, and left to the care of the feminine body- guard, who made a general rash to the scene of action, ready to bustle, and sympathise, and assist, and prescribe after true female fashion. Major Ogilvie held aloo£ In fact, he was not required at all just now. He seemed be in a bewildered mood. He was grave and silent, and, when he wandered outside to enjoy the cool night air on the terrace, his manner was so changed, that one might have fancied him under the influence of an unexpected shock. Leaning against one of the terrace pillars, smoking a cigar, stood the man who had raised Mrs. Yorke. A tall man, with a pale, refined face. Major Ogilvie held out his hand, and spoke ; some latent excitement or anxiety showing itself in his tone. " By the powers, Barnegat !" he said, " this is a bad move." Barnegat — a handsome fellow, I repeat, this Barnegat — long, and shapely limbed ; Barnegat stirred uneasily, and seemed to find it necessary to give himself time in which to recover his self control. "I did not know she was here," he said, at length, speaking huskily. The major shook his head. " A bad move," he repeated, " if I am not mistaken." " How mistaken ?" demanded Mr. Barnegat, fiercely. "What the deuce do you mean ?" The major cast a cautious glance around him, and then laid a finger upon the other's folded arms. "Am I mistaken in thinking it isn't quite over ?" he asked in a low voice ; " the old boy-and girl love scrape." Barnegat laughed. What a sentimental old woman yon are, Ogilvie !" " I know what's what," nodded the simple - minded, good hearted major ; " and I know what she and you felt for one another. Have yon forgotten it, and has she, or do yon both remember it too well ; It looks like it, me boy ; this fainting the minute she claps eyes on you. Be open and above-board with me, Barnegat ; let me have the naked truth ; for I make myself a sort of guardian to the girl while her husband's away ; she is too pretty and young to be left to fight her own battles." Barnegat's cigar went whizzing out into the long grass, sent there "by a desperate fling. The man's eyes were filled with wretched fire, and he broke into a little groan, checked in its birth." "It's not over with me," he said; " it never will be over. I can say nothing about that, as to her. I don't understand women who cau play fast and loose with an honest man's love. Women ! I should say girlB. What was she but a girl, a child of seventeen, when she led me on; with her pretty whims at Dowleroon What did she throw die off for i -What had I done to deserve it ? — to be jilted J Tell me that, Ogilvie." But the major, knowing nothing, could notte'lit. . _ . " When I thought she- was loving me with all her heart, I heard . of her marriage," went on Barnegatj' a pitiful touch of appeal iu his changed tone. "And— I would " like to ask what has her husband been doing to alter her so ? Where have her pretty, bright, childish ways gone ? I was watching her for an hour to-night, before I showed uiyse £ She is as pale as a white rose, Ogilvie, and there's a look in her eye that would never have been there if she had been my wife." The little major's baud was ..again, laid upon his stalwart shoulder, with a touch as gentle as a woman's. "Hush!" he said, kindly, "This won't do, me boy. It isn't safe. Sore, I scarcely know what to say to ye : and I know nothing of the paBt. Mr. Yorke made her acquaintance after yon went away — and they were married not so long after>" No response. " I'm thinking, Barnegat, that you had better, maybe, leave here before her husband comes back. He went : to Berlin a week or so ago." "The devil take her husband !" broke out Barnegat, stung with wrath and jealousy. "I tell you I shall stay, now I have come. - Is Carlsbad not as free for me as for him 1 Yon are getting into your dotage, major." " H you would but listen to reason — " . "She shall tell me why she jilted me," broke in Barnegat. "She mast have had a reason ; women scarcely do such things without one. When onr regi ment was ordered away, and I went to bid her good bye, she cluDg to me, and cried like a tender-hearted child on my arm f The next thing I heard was, that she was gone somewhere with that meddling old aunt of hers ; gone withont leaving me a word ; and here she is to day, another man's wife, and the mother of another man's child ; and the minute she sees me she faints dead at my feet. What does it all mean, I say ?" his voice ringing out passionately, "/don't know." The major knew not what to say. He himself had always believed that some mystery must attach to the past: and he knew that it was worse than useless to contend against Darrel Barnegat in such a mood. He knew him of old ; generous, impulsive, and truly Irish in his high spirit and lightness of heart ; bnt there had never yet been a Barnegat who was not a whirlwind when driven to desperation. In his good-natured anxiety for his favourite, the poor little major felt terribly nervous. Perhaps, odd though it may seem, his ner vousness arose quite as much from an inward fear of Mrs. Power, as from weightier causes. Suppose this un reasonable, excitable Barnegat raised a commotion, and caused a scandal ! What wonld not that mischief -making colonel's widow make of it 1 " For heaven's sake, me boy," he said, "liBten to reason. Think of the poor girl, an' think of the tabbies watching her. Did ye see the ould cormorant, with the black fan? If ye didn't, just look out for her. She will be on the watch for yon, mark that." Mr. Barnegat made no reply. Taming away, he went forth into the dusky night. On the following morning aB Major Ogilvie was drinking his dose of the waters with the rest, he felt a light touch npon his arm, and turning ronnd, found the girl'-s pretty, pale face, quite close to his shoulder. "Good morning," she said, in a voice ao pathetically sweet, that it thrilled him to the very heart " Please to fill my glass for me, major." She thaoked him when he handed it to her, and, as she took it, he noticed that the shadow in her sad young eyes was deeper than ever, and that under the black lashes lay faint rings of purple. " I am glad that you are well enough to be out," he ventured to say. "Thank you," she answered. "I am much better. The rooms must have been too warm, or — or I was not as well as usual, major," slightly-hesitating. " Please do not alarm Mr. Yorke about it when he returns." "Of course not," said the major, bending down to fill his glass again, and trying to speak with good-natured indifference. " Where would be the use of the frightening a man's senses out of him for a bit of a faint ?" Bat, thought the major to himself, other tongues will be busy, though mine is still. Mrs. Yorke said nothing more, and the major refilled his glass. While he drank the contents, she stood near the railing, looking away dreamily ; but, when he had finished she spoke to him again. " May I walk back to the house with you ?" she said ; and then, all at once, the eyes she had nplifted to his, faltered, and filled with a pleading, desperate light. Is seemed at if she knew he had read, her heart ; that it was of no use dissembling. He put her arm within his iu a fatherly way, as he would that of his own child, and they walked away ; she holding to him with a curious strength in her slight clinging hand. Out yonder beyond the hearing of the drinking crowd, was a line of linden-trees, with rustic seats beneath their shade ; and, feeling that she was trembling, he led her to one of these benches, and made her sit down. He stood before her then, to shield her from observation, her pallor was so.great, and the shrinking terror and grief in her large eyes so strong. Some movement that he made seemed to startle her. She misunderstood it. Stretching out. her unsteady hands to him with the imploring gesture of a frightened child, he saw that she was in tears. "Oh, major," she cried out, "please stay with me ! — don't leave me ! Stay with , me as much as you can, until — until Mr. Yorke comes." " Indeed, and isn't me best pleasure to be with you, me dear," be returned, in a kind but light accent, as if he did not see her emotion, or know anything of the canse of her trouble. " And- 1 wish the rooms were not so hot of an evening ; Fve been inconvenienced meself by it" There was a great deal of tact about this rusty little major, despite his slight brogue, and his genuine Irish pride in his titled relations. Mystified though he 'was, he would no more have aBked her to explain the matter to him, than he: would have struck her a blow. Hej believed that she and Air. Barnegat, who was then a lieutenant, had deeply loved one another in the old days, and why Bhe should have married another, and why she should be so sad, he knew not. jGjving her his_ arm again, they promen aded in the quieter walks, until the soft morhing air had' swept away all traces oE her tears, even if it could not bring the colout to her cheeks. . Returning indoors, they encountered Mrs. Power coming forth : who professed much astonishment, and expressed it in her frosty manner. Was - it possible ihat Mrs. Yorke "had so far recovered as to be able to walk ont ? She had observed that she left the hotel alone 1 Was it uot somewhat iudiscreet to venture out unattended, after so severe an indisposition ? She had imagined i Mrs. Yorke's . swooii had arisen from j sbme serioii8 cause. A number of guests were inquiring as to the state of her health ; among the rest, a late arrival a Mr. Barnegat. In fact, the. gentleim-n who had been near her when -hefiiinter, and who. had -been -the first to assist her. Mrs. Yorke -parried the concern in her gentle way, and escaped as .soon as she could. . What with it all, Mrs. Yorke wonld ' probably have - kept her : room, but that that, would have excited even more comment, 'so she was seen about, here and there, as usnaL " It cost the major a great deal of dimplomatic effort to keep off an encounter between her and Darrel Barnegat -that morning; bnt somehow or other, by indefatigable industry, be managed to succeed. Not so in the afternoon. The enemy was too 'much - for him then. Seeing the two alone for a moment, Barnegat strode across the room deliberately, and with evident purpose. The major was as good as nobody then. Mrs. Yorke half roBe from her chair, white as death. " Do not be afraid of me Gertrade," said Mr. Barnegat, with bitter sadness "I dont wish to harm you." And, flinging himself into a chair, he held ont his hands to the little boy; who was clinging to his mother's dress. . " Won't you come to me ?" " Go to that gentleman, Eustace," said Mrs. Yorke faintly, and the child obeyed her. For a moment or bo, Barnegat held him, looking down into his dark eyes with a working free. " Your child is not like you," he said. Gertrude turned her pallid free to the window, trembling. "He, is like Mr. Yorke," she answered. It seemed to the major that she was afraid " of Barnegat ; afraid to trust herself to look at him, or to speak to him. Why shonld she be ? It must have been her evident tremor which caused the silence . No one spoke ; and the nervous shrinking in the girl's eyes was almuBt pitiable. The little major grew restless under it, -aud was actually glad when Barnegat broke the pause. " I scarcely expected to see you down stairs to day," he said. " I was afraid that yonr indisposition might be a serious matter." "No, it was nothing," answered Mrs. Yorke quickly. ." I often faint : I have not been strong for a year or two now." And the flatter of swift- changing red and white on each cheek attested to the truth of her words — that she was not strong. Her very timidity held her farther aloof from Mr. Barnegat than any stern effort of will conld have done. He conld no mote have spoken out his passion of wrath and pain npon her, as perhaps he had meant in his anger to do, than he could have forced it upon a panting, fright ened child. She shrank away from bis gaze, clinging to her child'a hand, as to a safeguard. Four years ago she had been a bright, fearless, happy young creature, every hour of whose existence seemed warm with the sunshine of youth. Surely there was something wrong, some mysterious cause, to work so great a change in her ? As he held to his place before her, chafiDg with the inward sense of injustice done to him ; tortured by the love that still filled every crevice of his heart, Darrel Barnegat felt that his strong determination, to read the riddle, was for the present thrown back npon him. He did not abandon it. But it was not to be read to-day, or to-morrow : no, nor for many days to come. On the morrow, when he had again approached and was exchanging a few commonplace words with her, he saw a swift change pass over her face : and she turned towards the door, as if moved by some slow, magnetic infinence. There was no lighting up of the eyes, no glow of brightness ; nothing bnt a touch of timid anxious expression ; and yet the moment that Barnegat caught Bight of the lithe, slender, dark-faced man who was crossing the threshold, he was stricken with a fierce, jealous pang, knowing him to be her husband, as if by intuition. The new comer came forward to her with a quick step — a hurried, restless step, one might say. There was a restlessness -in all his movements, in his eyes and in his thin, dark, eager face. He barely gave Major Ogilvie a greeting gesture, he simply glanced atBarnegat, he kissed his child. All in a passing way, as it seemed, while he took possession of his wife. It was just as though he asserted his right of command to her before he spoke. " Gertrude," he said in a quick tone, " They tell me you have been ill." " Not ill," she answered. " I felt a little faint an evening -or two ago ; the room was very hot." " But I say you he ve been ill. I see it in your face.'\ " Indeed no, MaDael." " Do not say no," he cried, as he led her away. " It is not true, Gertrade; Come with me, my dear. Yonr eyes iook as if you had shed tears. Why have yon suffered % Tell me alL" The little major waited a minute, and then touched his friend on the shoulder. "Let us walk outside;" he said, "aud smoke a cigar." And Barnegat followed him mechanically. Once in the open air, under the shade of the lindens, Barnegat's passionate miseiy burst its bonds. He strode to and fro on the walk like a jealous, raging tiger. He did not know who was to blame for' the past, but he felt a passionate hatred for the man who, it seemed, had rivalled him. He could have dealt him his death, blow without a sting of conscience, though the whole of his after-life might have been filled with remorse for the deed. " That is her lord ' and master, is it S" he said, ' By. my faith, he is- a despot ! What right has such a fellow to a lender jcreatie_like : that ?" " Now be easy," cried the littlmajor, soothingly. "Yon can't -alter what it, Barnegat." " She's afraid of him, I tell you ! She's " And, with that, Barnegat broke down. Flingiughunself on a bench, he buried his face iu his hands with a groan. " Think how I would have worshipped her 1 Thiuk how I would have watched her, aud cared for her delicate womau's fancies ! I leave her for a week ! Not for au hour. She's dying — be quiet, Ogilvie 1 It is my firm belief — 1 now tell tell it you, that she is dying ; dying by inches — as women like Iter do die sometimes." The major was discreetly Bilent. The ghost of such 'a thought .had mors than once" flitted across" hia own kindly little brain. He had seen tioieB when the pretty favourite had seemed so fair and spiritual, that, he had wondered if so much fairness and "transparency was exactly the right sort of . thing, lovely -as it was. The beautifnl eyes had looked large, and bright, and worn-; as if the wine of life had been too strong for the delicate frame. His august relative, Sir Phelim, had -once praised her as .the -brightest and merriest of his many light- hearted guests ; now. she was the quietest little woman in the hotel. But he did not say this to Darrel Barnegat. He let him wear ont his -hopeless rage, without interfering with him, and then .set on to calm and soothe him with no inconsiderable tact and delicacy. ; "Don't let the world see it, me boy," he. said. " You are cut up, Barnegat, bnt don't let the world see it — for her sake ; for her sake. Think of the owld cats here with all their eyes wide open ; and that widow Power has got hers the widest. Poor little soul, she has enough to bear. Keep a bold heart for her sake, Barnegat" : And, in saying this, the major touched the right chord. Barnegat pulled him self together and began to grow reasonable. When Gertrade Yorke met them again, ehe was on her husband's arm, and many a day passed before they caught even a glimpse of her alone. He was at least attentive, this husband. It seemed that he scarcely ever left her side. It was her he cared for, not the child. Her lightest change of expression never escaped him her. slightest move- ment, action, wish, was responded to. He loved her deeply, that was plain enough ; but it might have been that his constant vigilance wearied her, for she was quieter , and more frail-looking than ever. Her mate submissiveness to his will was fairly touching. She obeyed his very glance. He was lord aud master. : And Mr. Barnegat Haltered in his purpose — that of demanding of her an explanation of the myeteiy of -the past. For one thing, he could get no oppor tunity. From the time of her husband's arrival, they exchanged 110 words with one another, nothing save the merest recognition of politeness. Even the major was . thrown out of employment, and left to himself; though the girl had always ' a smile and a gentle word for him. The people who noticed her must, began to comment on the sadness and langonr of her pretty, pale face ; and at last, one evening, a burly German physician burst upon a group, who were thus, commenting, with a single gutteral sentence, which fell npon them like a. thunderbolt : " Dot bretty woomans, mid her glear gomblexion ?" he said. " Ach I Yes. She go into gonsumption." And he said it with the air of a man, to whom it was ho new idea, bnt a commonplace fact. Barnegat was not one of the hearers of this, bnt the major was; and when, afterwards, Gertrude came into the room, leaning as nsnal upon her husband's arm, and looking, in her thin, clondlike, white muslin, like a white flower, the major, regarding her atten tively felt his heart quicken its beating, while a strange sense of discomfort flashed through it. " Ye'll have to take good care of her, me man, if ye'd keep her by ye," he thought. All this time, the days passing on, Barnegat made no sign. A better feeling had come over him, and he respected the major's words, "For her sake ; for her sake." One evening, when the major was in the linden walk, away from the lights and sounds indoors, Barnegat approached him. " They are going away," he said. " When ?" asked the major. "To-morrow," answered Barnegat. " Well, it will be over then." "All the better for you," Baid the major. " Better that there shonld be an end to it. What good is it doing ye? Wearing yonr life out, grieving for another man's wife I It's bnt little use -there is in crying after epilt milk." Barnegat turned away his haggard free. "It isn't that," he said doggedly, despite his misery. " It's better that I shouldn't be tormented with the eight of her, bnt I want to get an explanation. How do I know what she has been made ' to think of me, what it was that caused her to throw me off ? I should like to know just so mncb, Ogilvie, and I — j cannot ask it." There was a queer, old-fashioned rose - garden in the grounds of the hotel — a sweet, quaint rose gardeD, rich with colour, and - heavy with the perfume that floated above and around the hundred flower-laden bushes ; and. it was to this place that Darrel Barnegat chanced to stroll, without any purpose, when he left major Ogilvie standing alone under the row of lindens. It had . been a rare treasure once, this patch of bloom and fragrance, bnt it had been somewhat neglected of late years, and the roses had grown into a lovely thicket, stretching long, slender arms here and there, from bed to bed, and outbarring intruders with a profusion of sweet barricades. Bat there was still room for a ramble down the straight walks, and if Barnegat had any latent motives in seeking it, it was on account of its seclusion. But some one was there before him, it seemed, though at first he was not aware of any presence, other than his own. . The fair, moonlight, made the place as bright as day, and, in turning the corner of an arch of taDgled rose- vines, he came suddenly npon something white standing in the path; a woman in a floating white dress, and with -a white face turned upwards to the -cloud less night sky. " Gertrude 3" he cried out. She might have been a spirit. She looked like one as she turned slowly towards him, in the light night. .Her thin dress might have been moon-lit roses, j Her face was delicately colourless, her skin purely transparent. \- It was strange that she did not seem startled ; as perhaps, all things considered she might have, been. She looked at him a little- wouderingly : for his presence had awakened her from a dream. " Pray do not think that I fuilowed you," he said. "I -be 4 jour pardon, Mrs. Yorke. » I did not know you were here." She made a faint, quiet gesture vith her hand. "No, I did not think so," she said, in a low, calm voice. " I see how it was — but I am glad yon came. I have been wishing, praying for this meeting, and I think it has not oome abont by ichance." The sight of her had. so amazed him, uid she looked so spiritual and unearthly, hat he .could not find words at first to answer her. "I am glad you came," she said again ; and her voice was so clear and sweet, in its mysteriously sounding, half- wearied tone, that it Beemed to float cowards him with the perfume of the roses. "I have been wishing to speaktoyon," ehe went on ; " wishing to tell yon before we part — for we shall never see one another again — how it came about that I am Mr Yorke'e wife instead of yours. I promised to be yours, you remember, when we were in Ireland." " YeB," he groaned. " Oh, my love — iny love !" "Yon remember that my aunt did not like you " " No," he interrupted with suppressed emotion ; " ehe said I was only a beggarly lieutenant ; not rich enough for you." " Do not blame her now, Darrel ; she died long ago. It seems long to me, though it is not yet three years. It was she who took me away from you," continued Mrs. Yorke ; " but she did not make your poverty the plea. She told me — you had not been gone a week — a terrible story of yonr loving another woman ; not a lady, but a woman good people do not speak o£ " I did not know whether to believe her, but the tale was so circumstantial, so apparently true.- She had just dis covered it, she said ; she said the person bad gone away with you. "Idid not quite believeher, Darrel, until yon ceased writing to me. It was my love that made me weak and blind, I think; if I had not loved you bo, I should have known how easy it was for her to play that poor, glaring, worn-ont farce, and keep your letters back." " And ehe did that !" flared Barnegat. "That is not all. I might have fought against that ; have waited patiently until you came back, and asked yourself whether or not it was true. Later we saw a paragraph in the Times about a skirmish in which you had fought and died. Died, Darrel 1" And Mrs. Yorke swayed a little; and caught hold of the trnnk of a tree. ." Oh, merciful heavens 1" ejaculated Barnegat — bnt he said no other word. It flashed across his mind so plainly now. He remembered the blunder, had laughed at it a thousand times, and yet had- never thought that it might float to her, as it had floated to other people. Oh, careless man that he had been! light, reckless man? — to fling away from his unsteady hand a cup so full of peace and love. "Until the evening that yon came into the hotel Baton, I did not know yon were alive," went on Mrs. Yorke. "It was that that frightened me and caused me to faint. Since then 1 have been a little frightened at yonr looks, Darrel, especially since my husband came : I thought you wanted to pick a quarrel with him." "As I did," acknowledged Mr. Barnegat. " As I shonld have done bnt for — for your sake, and for Ogilvie. You cannot tell me that you are happy with him." A faint colonr stole to her face — he could see it in the moonlight "As happy aB — as — I can be with anyone now. He is very kind to me," " Too kind," mattered Barnegat : he leaves you no will of your own. He is imperious, impetuous, exacting. Tour husband onght to have beeu one to take the tenderest care of yon." " He does take it ; he tries to make me happy — and oh, he loves me greatly. But I am alwajrs weary, Darrel ; I am sick, fading, drifting ont of life." "Don't say so !" he groaned. " Look at my free," she said, taming it into the brighter light " Look at my hand," and she held np to him the slender, immaterial hand that looked almost that of a spirit, so bloodless and transparent " I am dying, DarreL" Darrel Barnegat did not answer. Had not the same conviction struck himself " My husband does not believe me," she continued ; " but it is true. I am eure that I cannot be mistaken. And I shonld be glad to die, but for leaving my dear little boy. God knows what is best" " He does not believe it ?" repeated Barnegat mechanically. "No, he does not He Bays it was this cold northern climate last winter that took my strength from me and made me ill : and he is going to carry me away to Cuba ; he thinks I shall get all right there. But I know better, Darrel. And I wanted to tell yon the truth of the past before I leave — which will be to-morrow. I did not like you to think of me as false and heartless all the rest of your life." "And now hear me, Gertrade," he broke forth, like a man awakening from a reverie. " I never had any thought of another woman save you. When I left Dublin I left it alone, nothing accom panying me bnt my thoughts of yon. I have never ceased to love you ; I love you still. < Even as I now stand talking to you, looking at you, my heart is aching with its bitter pain. Your aunt called me poor ; and I had quite enough private property then, as you knew, and she knew, to render us comfortable ; and since then I have come into a large fortune through myeldest brother's death I would have made you happier than he makes yon, Gertrade. As my wife you might have been blooming now, with roses' On your cheeks." « Fate has been against us," she murmured, the hot tears trickling down her free ; " and fate sways us all in spite of onr own will. It was surely fate that brought you to Carlsbad now ; it was fate that tempted me out here aloue to-night while my husbaud is entertainiDg two South American friends, who are passing through the place, to dinner in private. I did not think of meeting you when I came out — the moonlight was so lovely, the night so balmy, that it tempted me. And now that I have seen you, Darrel, that I have spokeu what was iu .my heart to speak, we will say good-bye." " Good bye !" he , retiterated, as she held oat to him . the &Uenuated; haud whose touch was as the touch of a pitying spirit, "Only 'good-bye' after all these years of hopefulness ! Only to meet and say good-bye, Gertrude !" "The suffering is mine, too," she whispered. " Life has been so hard to me that I am thankful even for this parting. A little while ago I never -thought to be able to Bay it to you. Good-bye for ever, Darrel - and God be with yon !" ' Her slender hand slipped itself out of his graBp, and she passed with a swift step towards the hotel. Darrel Barnegat sank down upon the nearest bench, and hid hia face upon its arm. In the breakfast-room the next morning Mrs. Yorke's place was empty. She did npt feel well enongh to come down, it was understood ; and in the afternoon her husband took her away. The idlers in the hotel whiled away half an hour in watching the departure. Two carriages fulL Mr and Mrs. Yorke in one ; the maids and the child in the other Mr. Yorke's man servant and a courier in attendance. She had married wealth at any rate, if she had not married happiness. Darrel Barnegat was left : left to wear out his passionate regrets through the weary summer days. He stayed on at Carlsbad : there was a bitter comfort in the thought that she had bom some of her pain there. Only the little major understood Mr. Barnegat's silence, and the heavy cloud that just now seemed to hang over his life. As to major Ogilvie, three-parts of his occupation seemed to have gone out with the departure of Mrs. Yorke. News reached them the following year in the shape of an advertisement in the death column of the Timet, sent over by telegram from Cuba to be inserted, ft chanced that Mr. Barnegat and the major were breakfasting together in London when they read it ; ; " On the 10th of April, at Manh. Cuba, Gertrude, the beloved wife of Manuel Yorke." 