OUR FORTNIGHTLY SUMMARY. OurG Fortnightly Summary for transmis sion to Europe by the English Mail per R.M.S. Khedive, which closes at 7 p.m. on Wednesday, 8th inst., will be published on WEDNESDAY MORNING. Persons requiring copies will oblige by forwarding orders. AQUATIc.-By our direct telegrams it will be observed that the sculling match between Ross and Trickett, which was ordered to be rowed again in consequence of a foul, took place on Saturday, when -Trickett was defeated by three boat lengths. This makes the third time Trickett has been defeated in England, but as he has recently been suffering from illness it is probable that he is not yet in proper form. The winner is a sculler of great reputation, and has scored some notable victories, including one at Providence, Rhode Island, when he de feated the crack scullers of England and America. The Hop Bitters Manufac turing Company of New York have signified their intention of presenting £1000 to be competed for by the best scullers of the world. This time the regatta is to take place on the Tyne. As the company have given a thousand in America and a thousand lately in Eng land, the present offer will make three thousand given by them for the encourage ment of rowing and of advertising them selves. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.--We an nounced on Saturday that negotiations were pending for a visit of the Australian Eleven, and have now the gratifying in telligence to report that arrangements have been definitely completed. The public. of Tasmania will have an exhibi tion in the way of cricket that has pro bably never been witnessed before, or that they are likely to witness for some time to come. This is a subject of much congratulation, and lovers of cricket in this island will be particularly pleased at the chance of seeing Murdoch, Spofforth, McDonnell, Boyle, and the other mem bers at the wickets and in the field. We are informed that they will play two matches, one in Launceston and one in Hobart Town, between the 18th and 28th of this month. Great credit is due to the Hobart Town and Launceston Associa tions for arranging for a visit of the Eleven, and there is no doubt but that their efforts will be ably seconded by the public, so as to make the visit a success in every way. The matches will be so arranged as not to clash with the annual North and South match, which commences on .Boxing Day. The date of the match against Northern Tasmania will be decided during the present week, and will pro bably take place in a fortnight's time. LATROBE.--As an illustration of the im provements effected on the road between Latrobe and Deloraine, a distance of twenty-eight miles, we may mention that ourLatrobe correspondent has telegraphed the fact that Saturday's. Excaminler, were delivered in that township by three o'clock the same afternoon. This was through the means of Mr Huett's con veyance, which left Deloralne after the arrival of the morning train from Laun ceston, which reaches Deloraine at 10'15. Those who travelled the road two or three years back will'be competent to form an opinion of the great change for the better that has taken place, and the journey. is now an easy one indeed. T. C. JU?r's SALES.-We are requested to re mind those interested that the weekly sale of mining scrip will be held at the Exohange Mart to-morrow. On Wednesday a large general sale will be held at Longford. Persons having goods to offer will please communicate with DIr WV H King without delay.--[ADvrT. THEs GARRISON DRAMATIO CUB. -This 'I company will occupy the hoards of the lasi Mechanics' Institute to-night, when a by performance of an attract've character sul will be gone.through. The patronage of Fki the officers of the Northern Volunteers Fo has been secured, and additional interest eta will be given to the proceedings by the Dil presentation of the cup (offered for comn- Ste petition by Sergeant T. H. Gould) to ilo Private lMartin by Lieut.-Col. Home. Gr The programme will consist of a drama oi entitled " Clouds and Sunshine," tro.n art the pen of Mr A. J. Taylor, Librarian to wh the Hobart Town Public Library. The hea drama, which has never been played in kei Launcestoni before, was reviewed by us Fit shortly after it was written, and there is La no doubt that it will be done ample Th justice t. by those who have undertaken an( its production. The plot is a simple one, iup and the prologue opens with the death of in a man named Jacques, who leaves an she orphan girl entirely unprovided for, and Ca, who is adopted by Mr and Mrs Collins as bou a companion to their own child, Willie. an( Fifteen years are supposed to have" pa, elapsed between the prologue and the first nei act, and during that time the brotherly del affection which Willie Collins entertained tno for Ella Jacques had ripened into a ha warmer feeling, and he had deemed his happiness almost complete when a Capt. W: Vere appears upon the scene. The mili- thu tary officer succeeds in gaining the affec- an tions of Ella, they are engaged, the day is wl: actually fixed for the wedding, and the in party, including broken-hearted Willie ha Colhns, are assembled in the church, tic when the marriage ceremony is stopped ph by an unexpected tragedy. News had aft arrived of the murder of the bridegroom an elect, and worse still, William Collins is op arrested on suspicion of having committed the deed. It appears that on the morning set of the murder young Collins had strolled we out, gun in hand, and that near the mur- na dered man the gun had been found. The ti trial proceeds in due course, the evidence ve is strong against the prisoner, and he- is ch sentenced to death. The period allowed we by the law elapses, and just as the execu- we tion is about to take place a messenger arrives, stating that a man named Kelly, of a former suitor 1 Ellq's, had confessed thi to the deed, saying that he took the gun be whilst Collins was asleep, intending to stc shoot him, but that seeing Vero he be changed his mind, thinking that ori the punishment to Willie would L, be more terrible in consequence. pi: The rejoicings are general, and in the last co scene of the second act the clouds disap- pli pear altogether, and the sun shines out in To all its glory as Willie Collins and Ella mi Jacques pass from the nuptial altar down mi the flower strewn aisle as man and wife. Of course the drama is not without a H, moral, and those who are acquainted with wi the author's views upon the subject, will wl readily perceive that it is a protest against no capital punishment. An additional scene lii depicting the murder, which has been lis written by Mr T. H. Gould, will form the in conclusion of the first act, and will no be doubt render the whole drama more per- th fect. The laughable farce "'Tweedleton's sty Tail Coat," and the amusing sketch co "The Launceston Rifle Volunteers" will gi: also be produced. The Garrison Band an will be in attendance. cc REoarvaD.-The Illustrated Australian do News contains a large double page supple- th ment giving the.portraits of the second Australian Eleven, who have so success fully represented Australia on the English Gi cricket fields. An illustration of tile Tasmanian Court at the Melbourne Ex- t hibition does not impress the reader very favourably with the display made by this se colony, or the arragement of the articles. p The News contains also sketches of the Indian and New Zealand Courts, a portrait C of the late Sir Redmond Barry, the New d' Wellington Law Courts, the Wannon. Falls, and sketches on Cup day. The i issue is a good one, the reading matter containing as news an epitome of recent m events. The Australasian Sktcher is qv hardly such a good number as usual. Its th leading feature is a double page supple ment representing Hanlan and Trickett, the champion oarsmen. It is taken from re adrawing by Mr G. ?R. Ashton, and the likeness of the Australian is not a good PC one. "The Australian Eleven" forms B the subject of a full page illustration, and the portraits generally are faithful ones. There are also likenesses of the late Sir Redmond Barry, the late Mr WV. S. Lyster, and Miss Louise Pomeroy, and representations of the German Ecclesi astical Court at the Exhibition, Fort a Glanville, Adelaide, and a fancy sketch, a "In a fern-tree gully." The Melbourne Temperance News gives an extended report of the recent conference, and other tC matters of interest to those who advocate temperance principles. b THEa SANDFLY MASSACORE.--Tho guin- w boat Sandfly has had a great many a visitors since her return to Port Jackson, w all eager to learn the particulars of thei i recent massacre at the Solomon Islands. e Leading seaman Savage (says the Sydney fi Daily Telegraph), who should know more a than any living man about the frightful p occurrence, is still suffering from fever s and ague, and so imminent was the peril a in which he recently found himself, and ii so miraculous almost was his escape, that d he is at present unable, without being e rdminded, to give two sentences at a time b relative to the frightful occurrences that c have already been reported in these columns. le is a handsomo-looking 1 sailor aged about 24, is married, and has a child. He speaks in the most kindly ( terms of the king, in whose custody he j remained during a few days, stating that 1 his majesty made him a sort of aide-de- e camp, and entrusted him withi an old c horse-pistol; but he does not look back c with very pleasurable recollections on thie I consultation, during which the issue was his life or death. The verdict was, for- 1 tunately for him, in his fwvour; and though neither the plate nor the cutlery i were of the choicest, he had no reason to I complain of tihe manner in which he was I served with fish and fowl. He was also allowed to go almost everywhere he liked. He describes the women he saw as being I neither good nor bad-looking, but "rather I yellowish;" and hesaysthey wereoarefully watched by tihe males. The victims of the massacre were nearly all young, and few of them had any relatives depending on them. When the Sandfly passed by the island where Savage was detained, she was 12 miles away from it, and those on board knew nothing of his where abouts. His feelings at the time may be better imagined than described, as he plainly saw her. The boatswain (Hr Ooghlan) had an exceedingly narrow escape from being butchered, and he seems to have acted with courage as well as with discrimination. AGscTLrE HIur.-In our style of climate, with its sudden changes of temperature,-rain, wind, and sunshine often intermingled in a sin gle day,-it is no wonder that our children, friends, and relatives are so frequently takenr from us b~ neglected colds, half tLe deaths re sulting directly from this cause. A bottle of Bosehe's German Syrup kept about your home for immediate use will prevent serious sickness, a large doctor's bill, and perhaps a death, by the use of three or four doses. For curing con sumption, hesmorrhages, pneumonia, severe coughs, croup, or any disease of the throat or lungs, its success is simply wonderful, as your druggist will tell you. German Syrup is now sold c almostevery town and village thlroughout the world. Sample bottles fortrial, 6d; regular size, 8s fd.-L. FAaBTH?Ro? & SON, chemists, uauoeqton1 sole slagents for Tasspania. TAMAlt YACHT CLUB. -On Saturday last the fourth heat for the trophy offered by the above Club was sailed, and re sulted in a victory for Mr L. Tulloch's not Florrie, ably handled by Mr E. Archer. dec Four boats came to the line, and were at started in the following order, viz., MIr S. i Ditcham's Latona at 2 p.m. ; Dr. C. di Stewart's Beryl, 2.2 p.m.; Mr L. Tul- see loch's Florrie, 2.13 p.m. ; and Mr T. HO Griffith's Ripple, 2.25 p.m. A strong ace orth west wind was blowing during the arternoon, with occasional heavy squalls, wit which enabled the yachts to make good ace headway. The Beryl seemed unable to o keep her position, and lost ground. The ins Florrie quickly overhauled her, but the wil Latona, however, made a stubborn fight. b The Ripple, which was in splendid trim, Cal and well handled, was gradually getting 1 up to her opponents, when unfortunately lat in making a board the second time rouned Ch she struck on a short pile close to the Miu Cattle Jetty and stove in one of her of. boards, which compelled her to retire, for and the Florrie, having overhauled and COl passed the Latona, came in an easy win- 9"1 ner. It is to be regretted that the acci- wit dent occurred to the Ripple, for there is of no doubt but a very close race would Cu have resulted. fvy THE WILLIAMSONS.-- ir and Mrs J. C. ths Williamson arrived from -Melbourne by thl the steamer Mangana on Saturday last, an' and will proceed to Hobart Town to-day, in where they will open at the Theatre Royal in in " Struck Oil," a play in which they Ea have achieved some considerable reputa- by tion. Mr and Mrs Williamson expect to bu play in Launceston in February next, on after which they will return to Melboarne ao and produce Gilbert and Sullivan't latest we opera, " The Pirates of Penzance." p'( THE PEOPrL's MEETINGS.-The u11sui ru services in connection with this mission by was held at the Oddfellows' Hall yester- sol nay, when AMr R. S. Long preached in Sli the morning from John ix chap. 4th (a verse, and in the evening from James i Fe chap. 23rd to 25th verse. Both subjects sk were treated in an admirable manner, and of were attentively listened to. Sh MISCELLANEA.-The monthly meeting of of the Northern Finance Committee of we the Diocesan Church Society will of be held to-morrow. - The Ulver- tri stone Agricultural Spring Show will Ze be held on Thursday next. The an cricket match between the Sydney and ye Launceston Grammar Schools will be tol played on the 18th and 20th inst., and a ll combined eleven from the two schools will ye play an eleven representing Northern th Tasmania on the 16th.-The annual R. meeting of the Forth Town Elall Comrn- a mittee will be held on the 9th inst. da THE Hon.tRT TowN fGIHOST. - The all Hobart Town people have probably of witnessed the last of the ghost scare, wI which has proved such a scource of ain- we noyance to them for some time past. In ray his telegram from Hobart Town, pub- an lished on Saturday, our correspondent intimated that a man named Nevin had he been dismissed from his situation under Pf the City Council, because there was wv strong reason for believing that he was by concerned in the affair. It seems that his ce ghostship, in his terror striking gown Ct and head-dress, with its phosphores- fa' cent dressing, was seen twice on Thurs. th day evening last, first at a place called PC the Glen (when his appearance so terrified ne a young woman that she was taken to her ra home in an insensible state), and later on i e in the vicinity of St. David's Burial to Ground. Strange to relate, Nevin was m seen in both parts of the town just about be the same time the ghost appeared, and Pt seems to have employed the intervening wl period in discussing spirits of another so kind, which led, no doubt, to the whole ov affair being discovered. The Police ba Committee held an investigation on Fri- et' day last, and from the evidence (which is Si published in the MercurUy) it appears that C, Nevin was in company with two police- w, men on the New Wharf on the night in t3 question, and that at about eleven o'clock N they were met by Mr Edwin dlidwood, fu the Information Clerk at the City Police- as office, at whose invitation the party had fa refreshments at the Rear Admiral Eloraby Hotel, after which they separated, the a policemen (Oakes and Priest) going to- re wards the dock, Mr Midwood towards £ Battery Point, and Nevin up Salamanca ne Place, in the direction of Davey-street. at Shortly afterwards Oakes and Priest heard vi from two women whom they met that the F ghost was in Salamanca Place, and they a at once proceeded there, when they saw 7 a figure in white near the Guano Store, and a man (Nevin) on the footpath, who p' struck a light, much more brilliant than at a match, and displayed the figure clearly. nr Constable Blakenoy, who arrived upon w the scene at the time, arrested Nevin, and fl the other constables pursued the ghost, o but were unable to overtake him. Nevin o \- was asked by the Mayor if he would, " as n Sa last chance," state who his companion tl ,was, but hle persisted in declaring his b Sinnocence, saying that he saw no figure at h eall, and attributed his arrest to some ill tI I feeling which existed between Blakeney a a nd himself. Novin, who had been re- ti 1 peatedly warned, was dismissed from hIis t: r situation for drunkenness. The wholo e 1 affair is still, to a great extent, shrouded: C 3 in mystery, and the witnesses examined o Sdiffer as to the precise time that the a g events narrated took place, but it is 7 s believed that the police have now sufli- I t cient reason for hoping that they will be c e able to clear the whole matter up before 1 g long. y s Trs Biswor OF TAseme rcI.-From the b yG uardian we learn thlatat one of the meet- I e ings of the Leicester Church Conigress, a it held on Oct. 6th, Bishop Bromby, in an f i- eloquent speech, advocated the throwing I d open of the sittings in all Anglican Chur- ( i ches free of pew rents, and concluded by to moving the following resolution which was es adopted :- " That every church should r- be open and free of access to all at all 4 d times as a house of prayer, especially for 1 y the use of those living in crowded neigh to bourhbods, vwho have little opportunity I s for privacy in their own homes." 1o CHROME Oass.-We are informed that I. chrome ore is found associated with tlhe ig serpentine deposits on the N.W. Coast, er and we notice tlhat amongst the varied ly mineral riches of California, that of chrome of ore, for the manufacture of bichromate of id potash, so largely used in making colours ig and pigments, and in charging batteries ad for telegraph purposes, is assuming a re d, markable importance. The chromn oro is soI found associated withl serpentine, and the e- mines are situate near Sah Luis Obispo, be from the shipping harbour of which-Port he Harford-15,000tons have been sent away fr within the last three years. The average ow production yielded from 2000 lb. of chrome he iron containing 50 per cent. of chromium, el is about 1600 lb. of bichromate of potash. , oa?le. CovuT.e-Thero was a blank to, charge sheet at the Police Csourt, on Satur dn, day morning. 'in- Wno are "Second-Cousins "-in-Law ! en In a case in which by will one-third of an ro- estate was left to "first- cousins " and of two-thirds to Csecond cousins," it has at me last been decided that "second cousina " ts, are not, as verymanysuppose, first cousins en. once removed, but persons descended vero from the same great-grandfather. t or Ie'Co?rACK'S REAPIe.G ANsD BINDING MA eour ciHINEs.-Intending purchasers are respectfully now invited to send in their orders without delay, as ouet a very limited niumber of these colobrated liar ular vesters are available. Wireo and duplicate parts ists, always on hand. JoIIN C. FERGUBON, Brisbano .streety sole agent.-[ADv,.] (136 