MB. JAMES G-BEEXTWOOD ON SIR HEUEY PAKKHS'S EDUCATIONAL ENTHUSIASM. It is strange how in the whirligig of time . our enemies become transformed into our : benefactors — and those who plotted \ against our peace are made our friends. ' The story eight hundred years old (and ' Still so fresh in its beauty) of the first , solitary of Yallambrosa and the scene on . the winding road from Florence to San ' 'Miniato del Monte are often repeated. ' We meet our enemies naked and helpless and our thoughts are bitter, and still we ?? pardon them; and straightway our pity V.and compassion become our blessing ..and our happiness. Our obligations as. Catholics, for example, to Mr. James ' Greenwood are of the smallest character. This political Dissenter, it has always seemed to us, is a fair type of what Mr. Matthew Arnold would describe as r, the lower middle class Philistine — not 'the rare flower, but the very com nion staple of Dissent. He is pre -eminently one of the kind of men who have the faintest possible idea of the ; ' beauty and rest of religion, the sense , that its charm lies in its grace and peace.' 1 He is one of the thousands of men who,, in the United States of America, are being ; swept out of all consideration by the \- magnificent advance of Catholicism. In our very imperfect civilization here he stood for something, because — and only because — there were few men who would 'condescend to denounce the hollo wness 'of his pretensions. In an evil hour he ?: imposed upon himself the self-denying task which others might with advantage have undertaken and, in a brief poli tical career, demonstrated his enormous feebleness. But he has done one real service to his generation. He 'will for ever have at least one noble act to look back upon and be grateful for ; and for this act we are grateful too. He has by the publication 'of his letter this week on Sir Ilenry 'Parkes's attempted use of the Education ;Act, while it was still in committee of the Assembly, done the most meritorious service of his otherwise barren political career. What Mr. D alley charged the ? Government with designing in their repeated attempts to fasten a quarrel Upon the Legislative Council — viz., the pretence of being compelled to abandon their Education Bill, and the necessity of going before the country with that measure to stir up strife in the community and make the appeal to the country a religious cry — turns out, as indeed every body knew, to have been the exact truth. Mr. Greenwood deposes that the author of the Education Bill was coerced into pass ing it — that he did liis work with the arms of the supporters of thai measure pointed at him as at a man who would .desert liis post at the first opportunity — that the measure became law owing to the menaces of defection from the Government of Mr. Greenwood and his friends. O'Connell once wittily said of an opponent ' that lie was a rascal who had fought two duels out of cowar dice.' It uow appears that our great educational reformer was only enthusi astic and lioroic when the heavy Puritan pistols of such Soundheads as Mr. Greenwood were behind his ears, and that we owe the blessings of the ' Public Instruction Act ' to his terrors. Sia Henhy Paekhs's ingrained animosity lo tho Irish has again exhibited itself in the now familiar form of a revengeful threat. In his first electioneering speech last week he is reported to have said : — ' What I object to in our immigration system, is that it brings out persons who arc not of this (the right) class — persons who are brought here by the affection of their friends, a' good thing enough if it were clone at their own expense — candidates for tho offices of policemen, porters, and inetsaongora ; but not mon who aro prepared to go into the country and fell the forests, and till the soil. (Applause.) I see some objections — very sorious objections — to tho system of immi gration which has been in existence in this country ? and I am prepared to promise that I will not be a party to any immigration until that system is greatly changed.' The meaning of this is clear, though the lan guage is characteristically ambiguous. It means precisely what lie gajve full expression to more than once, when — smarting under de feat at the hands of the Irish — his passion overcame liis habitual prudence. At first sight it might appear that tho Irish wero not here re ferred to, for it is proverbial that, as a race, they naturally gravitate to the land, but still, as a cer tain proportion have no friends, and little means, to assist them on arrival here, a number of them, sufficient to give a sting to Sir Henry Parkes's cruel and cowardly taunt, are compelled to earn their bread the beBt way they can — nor should it be a reproach to them when they earn it honestly. Apart from this, however, the re ference is unmistakable, for the Irish— to their in finite credit be it said - are indisputably tho only race whose family affection impels them to take ad vantage to any large extent of the provision made for assisted immigration. It would be well for this country if their example were followed by^ other nationalities. We should not have to com plain of receiving tho offscourings of London and Glasgow if a natural selection of suit able colonists took tplace instead of entrusting the responsible task to a horde of official hirelings. No right-minded community can afford to join in this sneer at family affection, which is even now too rare a virtue amongst us, especially in high places. The cynicism of the sneer — owing to the shocking examples of selfishness in the family ?relations of some of our moat distinguished personages hero — could hardly be more fully appreciated, were Sir Henry Parkes to depart on a second immigration tour with fiunds ample, certainly, but not sufficient to meet the extrava gance of making decent provision in his absence) for his own family. On the eve of the election, however, Sir Henry ParkeB ended by throwing off the mask, and ap peared in his true colours, to the delight of a howling Orange mob. If his sympathetic audi ence desired to uphold the British character of this community— if they desired to maintain the Protestant supremacy — if they desired to preserve all they held precious, including himself, from being flung into the Paeifij, then it was necessary that they should support him in placing legis lative restrictions on tho Irish and on Irish family affections. The national and religious supremacy of which he is the self-constituted protector is as pure a myth as the other Parkesion ghost seems to have been forgotten in the excite ment of the moment ; and it also seems to have been forgotten that vows of vengeance of a like character havo been again and again bartered for Orange votes, and as often publicly denied as signifying that national or class restrictions should be ' embodied in the legislation of the country.' It would be a curious subject of historical anecdote, the effect. of startling surprise 011 the conduct of great men. When Hannibal learnt that he had really not lost, but won the battle of Trasiinerius, the keenest observers could not per ceive a change on his placid countenance ; and when the Old Guard recoiled from the English bayonets, the marble face of the great Napoleon showed no change— all ho tlici was to take an unusually large pinch ' of snuff. The battle of A usterlitz apparently shattered the hopes of a lifetime, but, although the shsck eventually killed him, Pitt simply told liis guests, and continued the subject of conversa tion. These were events pregnant with fate, but the actors were giants, and accepted thoir for tune with dignity. No doubt Sir Henry Parkes is a great man, for did not a ' wail of despair ' run through Sydney when three years ago it heard of the awful blasphemy of his rejection! Who, in the wildest moment of faney, could picture the Premier, rushiug down from the hustings, livid with rage, to Jim Punch's, and from a public-house balcony haranguing a highly amused mob on his wrongs and the turpitude of his enemies ? Like Tippoo Sahib, who revenged himself on the English by chopping off his nearest slaved head, he took care to wreak his vengeance on the most defenceless people in tho community — as though it was tho Jesuits, and not his own past history, his own private life, the palpable untruth he told as recently as Tuesday night, that loot him the sup port of the respectable section of the com munity. A man in a fit of passion is not sane, and this is tho only way in which wo can account for his stark raving insanity on the night of the election. In a free country the man who has used the words Merit) and freedom more than any other politician proposes to tako away the liberty and freedom from one section — and why ? — because he chooses to think, ridiculous as such an idea is to every Catholic mind, that thfufe section worked against him. And suppose that section has worked against him ; why should not they P Are they not citizens — aro they not taxpayers — as well as Bir Henry Parkes ? Who is he that lie should claim an immunity from opposition ? Tho poor man must have been bereft of reason when ho tallied audi nonsense. No doubt I10 will find plenty of bigots to help him ; but liberty is protected by a strong .^Egis of public opinion, which will protect those who have not forfeited their right to freedom. But wo aro sorry that the ballot-box so disturbed tho Premier as to send him incontinently to Jim Punch's — it was so unlike either Hannibal, Buonaparte, or oven Billy Pitt — but. it was necessary, as tho Herald suggested 011 Tuesday, in order to show the colony the current of public opinion. The verdict has been given, and however Sir Henry Parkes may rave, we aro sure the majority of the electors will endorse it. Mb. O'Connor effectively turned the (lank of the position which Sir Henry Parkes had with much labour, by speeches in different parts of the colony on every appropriate and inappropriate occasion, made for himself. The Education cry lias been 30 persistently dinned into people's ears v/ith the object of making the elections a sectarian battle ground that it was like taking the bread out of a man's mouth to deprivo Sir Henry Parkes, 011 tho eve of the East Sydney election, of the credit — if it may be called such — of having been foremost in passing the Education Act. Mr. Greenwood confirms the statement that tho Premier schemed to delay the bill, by picking a quarrel with the Upper House, that lie might have a popular cry with whioli to go to the country. His intentions were so well known that certain members of the Assembly, of whom Mr. Greenwood was one, threatened to go into opposition if tho measure was not proceeded with. Hero are statements which Sir Henry Parkes himself acknowledges to bo sufficiently de finite to demand a long, rambling, vehement harangue. Sir Henry Parkes's defence, apart from tho denial, which is like tho plea of Not guilty which gentlemen accused in another place generally answer to tho charges made against them, amounts to this : that because he had given way to tho Upper House after, and not be* fore, the passing of the Education Act, it was im probable that the charges which Mr. Greenwood and Mr. O'Connor made should bo true. But if the dates prove anything, thoy only prove this : that Sir Henry Parkes tried up to the last moment to force on a dissolution before the Education Bill was passed. Ho only gave in to the Council when, on tho division on the Upper House Decla l-utory Bill he was left with a small majority of nine members. Then when he found that the Assembly would follow him no further, he let the Bill drop. Up to this point a conflict seemed imminent between tho two Houses ; and then, when too late to stop tho Education Bil^ as if by magic, Sir Henry Parkos smoothes his ruffled feathers and calmly tells the House that his strong Government has been too strong even for him and has dragged bhn unwilling into the fray. If Sir Henry Parkeo'o statement is true, then he must be a fool. If he had no motive in entering upon a quarrel with tho Council, which, by his own confession, he knew to bo unjust, but to please his oolleaguos, Sir Honry Parkes is not the man which the country takes him for. If ho had another motive, what is it ? Does he 1 desu'o tto reform or abolish tho Council ? then why is it not made a part of his political pro I gramme ? What motive had I10 or any member of his Government that they do not dare to men tion from tho hustings ? One apparent motive they had, but that is the one which Mr. Green wood aud Mr. O'Connor charge them with. Silt A liked STEPHEN has, with questionable taste, as we think, and with questionable respect for tho authority of the Full Court, thought propor to supplement the elaborate judgment upon the recent contempt of Court case by an opinion of his own. If hi3 opinion, the merits of which we do not canvass, is not nearer to the law than his rather apologetic estimate of Judge Windoyer is to tho fact, some people may possibly form harsh opinions about his law. That Mr. Windeyer has ' impulsiveness of character' is a fact beyond dispute, and of which he himself by this time has 110 doubt a rather painful sense ; but that it is an impulsiveness which specially takes, as Sir Alfred suggests, the form of ' generosity,' seems to many vory like giving a cortificato of character, the very giving of which would seem to imply somo special noed for it. Sir Alfred has rendered Judge Windoyor a doubtful service. 'Hanlan won easily.' Hard words to have to write, but, alas! they but toll the truth, Han lan not only won, but (why was not some Iosb merciless phrase used?) 'played with' the Australian. Inoredible ! WeH, we may thinlc so and imagine so to our hearts' content, but what is the good of it's being incrediblo when it is a fact ? Tho news lias., indoed, humbled us as we were nevor before humbled, not so much because of Trickett's defeat as of the loud and, ao it now' turns out, extremely foolish manner in which wo talked boforo tho world of his invincibility. Hero v/e were for months clamouring to bet not only the usual negotiable material, but even our very ' bootB,' that Hanlan ' hadn't a show.' Each one of us, with an ingenuity highly pleasing to himself and satisfactory to bio friends, compared 'points,' performances, &c.;, and proved to a de monstration that Trickett must win ; and anybody who could not seo the mathematical certainty of it wuo both stupid and unpatriotic. So much, if not for theory, at any rate for our theories. We should not wish to be unpatriotic, but wo certainly wish wo had been stupid and taken somo of the ' odds ' that wero so profusely oifored. 