fCoral &$tntrz\ ftara. The Customs coBeeHoDaat this port from ti&Utt; to tte 18th instant indmive amounted to £1569 lls. Sd. Ti&£ni&i6er-7cW; states ttat tins season a grower of forty acres of cfle got a cetera of £1600 ; not bad, £40 an acre. Vesikkmv, upon the evidence of Drs. Sal ntood mnd Bobertsou, tire Police Magistrate y.muu;Hj»7 EDen Hagsireand Bernard Wind to tiie ^''^ Asylmn, Woogaroo b n announced in our advertising columns ttat tte Cental Railway wHI probably be apocd Cor traffic ufira Grass Tree Hnt *»97 miles from B'M'Lli-iwpl™*^ about tte 1st of next/aly. At law Police Court yaferday, before the Police wXm^vS 'rt^ tint cue sguost fid ward Taunt, of the City Anns Hotel, ra die accommodation bad been provided. Tm Small Debts Court ease of Tkrrant r. Emm and Reid was postponed yesterday, in conaeqnenee of the mnese of one of the de fendante, and Tin come on for boring this morning. ffre Hjosob Judge Buee, accompanied by Mr. Murray-Prior, acting Crown Froee cntoc tetouml to town by Tuesday evenings tain, after completing tbe District Coort circuit to Oennoai, Aramac, Spcingsuxe, and BlacfcaB. Bottgim&eraen; left on Wednesday afta*i n^K*' for dJEimte in tbc ^??ifr^i*^'r* sa. As a dayman nmpnrt Walkett vas pissing £be BocUmnptoD Cemetery oaTflradiymoni ing, he noticed a young nun, named William Chapman, »nJtng furiously *^i?ng fiw- rail. Shortly after noticing him he saw Chapman felting violently to the ground. Walkett, on going to &e; spot, found him lying insensible, and Weeding from a irocmd on the light temple and ano&er; on the back of tbe bead. A cab was procured, and WaJkstt and Sir. Smith, the enrator of the *»»nw»fe»rj; broogbt lite injured man to the police-elation, where Skc Bobextson sav ^it'J *tu3 *'»? ? * wimwtJt^ hni1 removal to tie Hospital. The appearance of fiie young mxi) indicated that he had. been. drinking very freely- On Wednesday Chapman bad recovered consdoasness, but was etill io a very weak state. A has named Alexander Mflne was found in a, dying state near tbe Ea3way Station here on Saturday evening, shortly after the arrival ol tie train from Emerald. It appeared that he was 01 of fever at Emerald, and Dc SfXeely gave him a pass to come to Rock hamptcED. Before valbing many yards from tte railway terminus, hovever* the unfortrm ate man was obliged to lie down cm tbe street, wfaete he was found by a constable, who bad him conveyed to the watchhonse. Dr. ^almf- rn^ W3S Tir)Tiv»i«i ia$ f^ y aent for, And. gtffe Milne an order for admission into tbe fijn^ital, where he was a± once removed. Dc M'Neely procured tbe EaBway pass for hhn,hecstxaeheaa.wi3ieasan vasdl; bot be did aotexamine him professionally, and was not aware be was sufficing from fever. -^ We understand that tne directors of tbe Cenfxal Queensland M^ifc Export Company (limited) have so far matured their arrange ments in London, with regard to the supply of the requisite machinery and ships, that imme diate steps Kill be takes to begin work so soon as tbe deposits on 330 shares are paid. More titan this number has been applied for, and, we are led to believe that the number on which the necessary amount has to be paid is Email. \\\'e cannot understand tiie anatfay shown by those most interested in the forma tion of tiiis and kindred companies, and some energy should be shown to enable tie company to commence opentiotis as eady as possible. As there is likely to be a number of tiie squatters in town within the next week or two, tbe subject should be energeticalBy Ock telegraphic intelligence convey tiie news of the death of Frank Bncklaud, tne KatnralUt. Men of Uk Tint gives ttie follow ing account of him : — ' Bucfcland, EVancis Trevelyan, U-A-, eldest son of ttie Very Rev. William Snckland, D J), Dean of Westmin ster, bom December IT, IS26, was scholar of Winchester CoDegE, and student of Christ Church, Oxford, where he took his B_4. digree in 1S4S. Inheriting from his father a strong taste for physical science and natural history, he devoted himself to tbe stndy of medicine, and having served the office of honse surgeon to St. George's Hospital, be canie, in 185%, assistant surgeon to the 2nd life Guards, from which post he retired in 1S63. He has been an extensive contributor of papers on. pt&icaltare;, and on other branches of n?W?1 science, to the columns of the Tones and of other periodicals ; and conducts the 'Sea and River Fisheries,' and '? Prac tical Katnral Historv ' columns of Jjajtd -uid Wttrr. He has established at his own ex pense tile ' MnBenm of Economic Fish Culture * (under the Science and Art Depart ment, South Kensington), at the Boyal Horticultural Gardens. This museum illus trates the cultivation of salmon boot, and nsefol fresh water fish, as weQ as oysters and *lgea fish. In 1S66 he received a silver medal branch of science, from tile ' Exposition de F«che et d'Aqoiculture,' at Arcachon, in fiance, and in 188S the Diploma of Honour from tiie Havre Exhibition. He is the author of 'Curiosaies of Natnral History' (foor series); of ' Fish -hatching ;' and of s ' Famiiiar Hitory of Brffish Rshcs,' IST3. He edited, in 1SSS, his {atber's Bridgewater Treatiss on Geology and Uineralogy. In 1S59 he discovered, in the vaults of St. Martin's, Charing Cnjes, tiie cotEn of tbe £reat enrgeon and phyaolopist, John Hunter, *3licb was re-interred in Westminster Abbey by th« Boyal College of Surgeons. For this be received the thanks of the Council of tiie Boyal College of Surgeons, and a boned copy of the Catalogue of the Huntanau Mmeum. The UeatSelnol-*Mt«aaeal»i-*meahxl him witb a tBwa- aacdaL In 1867 be n appointed Inspector of Salmon Hataries for SS»d andWales, sad in 183- Special Coa» nuwoner to inqnre into tbe efieets of recent legislation on tlK Sabnon lUan of Seat land. Be «? ..— ?!—- p-g tnenber of Urns Oke of tile seamen engaged on board tie U. Lady Bowen had a uarroir escape &nm; wnmff on fnoay an-t inhni. xdc JC1M5 bortmyi Ctrrmidt Bays.— 'Jast before tte Lady Bowen left Ok wharf yesterday after noon, goe of the deck hand, engage* in loading timber sKpned off the staOBg into tbe water. Enaaabered with Ka-boots, oOskins, «&, be loofad very like finking, but the ship's carpenter, Dunlop, gallantly jumped in and effected a resale.' 05 Monday Mr. F. Morgan apnSed to the Gold Warden to be registered for Thomas James' claim at Mount Wheeler on account of James having atendoBed it. Provided bo valid objection be lodged the jegjabation will be made within six dear days after doe notice had been screed. 'Dm 'a the claim from which such good yields were obtained afbort time ago. Aa application has also been made by WaCam Holman and J. Davidson, Cor 49D by 400 feet of abandoned ground. No. lsontii of prospecting claim at Mount Wheeler. A case of muM—i deatii oecsrred on friday last, at Bocky Creek. Mrs. Moore, lie wife ot a ganger on the railway, sfter doing a bard day's washing last Thursday was taken seriously in, and at about ten min*tr* to six o'doek in tbe eming.JMrs. Harmon, a nei^i bour, acquainted bertesband with tbe tact The latter went home immediately, paid his vjfe vN&y; atiteDtuxi in his potvetv ana wb n&inedather; ode until ahe died, about one o'clock 00 Friday aOeraoon. UnfortimAtdy titere was no opportunity for the bereaved hitwand to com m n nu **t«^ with a oodnjc, no train having passed down tiie line from tbe moment when his wife fell ill, till die hoar of her dead : so tint Mr. Moore most be con sidered1 to have done all be could in the cur tier Bufferings in tiie hour of her great ex tuanity. Inquiries were made, and there nected 'witfc tiie case, Dr. Salmond was seen, and gave a certificate of bnrial. The deceased's remains were I&oogiit; to fioefc tae general cemetery. On Tuesday a telegram was received by the Harbour Master, Captain A. E. Sykes, from pilot abairrell, to the effects that a boatman named Frederick Whyatt had lost his life about 7 a.m. while in the act of shifting a boat at the Pilot Station, His body was recovered after at least half an hours immersion, yet every effort was made under the circumstances to restore animation but without avail. Mr. Birrell was per- mission to inter the remains and forward full particulars of the occurrence, and, that if necessary, a coffin would be forwarded by the s.s. Leichhardt. He was also asked to ascertain the wishes of the unfortunate man's wife re- garding his burial on the Island or in Rock- hampton.—A subsequent telegram from Mr Birrell states that the remains had had been placed in a shell and buried at 1 p.m. on Tues day. We understand that Whyatt was about 40 years of age, and had only been employed in thee pilot service for the past three months but had been for fifteen years engaged in a seafaring life on the Queensland coast. His wife joined him at the Pilot Station, Curtis Island only a month ago, but it is not known, as yet, how she is provided for, or whether the deceased left any children. The shifting of the boat is made as the tide advances, so as to place her each time higher on the beach away from the wash of water. As the tide would be at dead Iow at the time the man was drowned, the cause of the accident seems inexplicable. No doubt further particulars will satisfactorily explain the matter. At the Police Court on Tuesday, before the Police Magistrate, Samuel Crawford having pleaded guilty to making use of obscene language in Kent-Lane, was fined 10s. and 4s. 6d. costs, or forty- eight hours' imprison ment. Letitia Jorgensen sought to have Robert Rowley bound over to keep the peace. Mr. H. Milford appeared for the complainant, Mr. R. Lyons for the defence. It appeared from the evidence of the complainant, a child twelve years of age, that on the 14th instant she went to defendant and gave him a letter ; he asked what the letter was for, and she told him to read it and he would see ; defendant then ran after her to try and hit her but she got away ; he said he would box her ears and she dared him to hit her ; he said ' I will kill you ' and again ran after her; Mrs. Davidson and defendant's son, William Rowley, held him back ; defendant asked them to let him go. In answer to Mr. Lyons the complainant stated that she had previously applied for summonses against defendant, Mrs. Davidson, Mrs. Jagerndoff; and William Rowley ; nearly everyone at the Crocodile diggings, where the parties live, was in the habit of interfering with her ; she was not in the habit of using insulting language to passers-by. The letter referred to contained an intimation that if she could not get a summons in Rockhampton, she would obtain one in Brisbane. On behalf of the defendant, a miner bearing a good character in Rockhampton for several years, Mrs. Davidson and his two sons were called, and they distinctly denied that defendant made the slightest endeavour to hit the complainant, or ran after her after receiving the letter. After hearing the addresses from counsel, the Police Magistrate dismissed the information, as there was evident malice shown by complainant, whose evidence was altogether untruthful, and he said that he would like to see the matter brought before a higher Court. Owszssaf cattteand hone. a» reminded that Hie ?asaament under the Brands Act n doeaxbto* on lat Jamnary, 1881. We Me informed Chat the days of grara wiB be limited SrSST ™ mayj abo givete hot U»t take declarations will be parficuUrly dangerous. The Jtrfcfaac Courier of tte Hth instant atates ttat it is ~~—-~* hy fee tealar vateof '?1/vmml slWwed by liiem for depoafts win in Ware be *, 3, muA * per cent, for three, aiaf «nd tmdve montts tespeetively : xaiilxf have sJas lowered (be «ate of discount as follows :^Bor Unee mmths' bilfe, 6 per cent; four months', 7 per cent; and beyond Coat currency, 8 per cent per Tbe ammi*Tminifaw of teachers in the public schools has been conducted during last weet at the Boy's Cental State SchooL Tiie District Inspector {Mr. UoGroarty) was present, and was asoisiad in the animation by tbe head teacherE of the dilferent town echaola. Su±y-aii candidates wereexannned, coneUingal 1 for etas 2, 9 for da« 3 ; 8 pmalteacbeni£ardaas4,- S ditto for dass 3 ; 10 dfttoforcUs82; «nd H for dass 1 ; I for tiie aoeitioD of teagporary teacher; and IS for Gcammar school schnlarBhirw As eclipse of Uufcoon, which, owing to fine wa-£r, maTAiincUy vasthU in Bocfc hampton, took place on Thumday ught and on Friday isnDaiag. The ecJijfce was very UrgeTfeoagnitode being 1-390, tbe moon's diameter being eqoalbs one. The first contact with ataadowoccurrea «m. beton mMnigirt, on tJhelutb(Tiuinafay). Bejmnb^aftobfiihMe 1-6 u. an Friday morning. Middle of Eclipse 1-50 a-m. End of total phase 245 ZmTlast contact wiH- shadow 3-45 ajn. % attracted very little attention tare. AccoKDPro to tbe Cornier tbe Norseman, s., which recentiy iSoniedoti the Math end of Baffle Creek Heads, was placed on the dip at Kangaroo Point, the boiler having been fadten out, on Tuesday. Soon after the vessel was an the slip, a preWnary survey was held by Captain Sin™,*! Uoydu, on behalf of tte §?????» »«m— companies, asd by Bar. Peterson on behalf of Captain CoOin, the owner of tte «eL They faund ttat tbe stem-poet had Sen twisted, and win require to be heated and staftened, and that several rivets had started.' The full extent of damage tbe vessel bas sustained cannot, however, be ascer tained until sue is thoroughly dea&ed; down, and the ceiling or lining removed bom the inside; but it is believed that no damage to the null likely to involve great expense baajieen done. It is also stated that notwiUMdaMing the mishap to the steamer. Captain CoIIin bas ?Har-Miwa to continue his attention to tte bale between Brisbane and otter Queensland ports. Being convinced flat Iliuiasn room fora steamer of larger capacity, be Us prevailed upon the owner of tbe Truganiui, a fine steamer of 300 torn bnrtben,«tth compound engine, to lay ber fm to trade between Bris bane, Maryborough, Bandaberg, and Bock hamptoa_ She is to be under command of Captain VQUin, and win leave Sydney for Brisbane early in January next. At the Police Court, Emerald, on tte 15th instant, before the Police Magistrate, one drunkard waas dsKhamd with a, caution. William Ryan, «$ Wrtherafield, essunoned Maiy Whittingbin, tte wife of a publican, re ?ding at tie «ame place, for using abasire and hrenlting language, Eyan bangalao sommoned by Mrs. Whittingtan for a like offence. There was no appearance of tte parties, and both cases arsre struck out. The application of Frederick Bowyer for a country publican's license for the Welcome Inn Hotel, Woodbine Creek, and the application of Patrick Burk for a removal of his pnbticau's license from tiie 197 nule Camp to Grass-tree Gully, were granted. J. E. EeUaway, of tteTerminasHotel, Emerald, received permission to have music and dancing in his hotel two nights in each week for a period of three monwis ; and tiie like permis sion was given to Herman de Zoet, ot Withersfield. Carriers' lieeuses were granted ftWOliiiai Millet, Henry Grant, and Charles Jones. Then! were only eight cases set down for hearing in tte Petty Debta Court; in fomr of which tie amounts had. been paid into Court, and three were withdrawn. In the case of Edward 46canlan c. William Sheehy, claim for £13 Ss^ for detention of property and compensation, there being no appearance of tte plaintiff when tte case was called, 10s. coats was awarded to defendant for attendance and loss of time. Axotheb Cbxkese Evil. — Another in stance of Chinamen decoying girls away for immoral purposes waB discovered last night by Senior-constable CMeara. Tbe constable was walking down Little Bonrke-street Melbourne, and on passing a notorious Chinese brothd he entered it, and asked tte occupier of it if he had been decoying any girls. Tbe Mongolian immediately nrote&ted; his innocence ; but Senior-constable O'SIeara, not satisfied witt this, darted on a personal examination of the boose, and before he had finished Sound a ffaneetahly-aUired girl, 17 years of age, in one of tbe rooms. He asked her what business she had in tte boose, and she replied tiiat tte Chinaman had asked ber that morning, while seUing fish at her Blotter's house, to come down in the evening tb his house and he would make ber a- mesent of some jewellery, and had come to receive it. On further examination Senior constable (TMeara elicited tbe tact that tte Mongolian had been in tte habit of supplying the guT 8 mother witt fish for some tame past, and had often asked her to come down to his bouse, saying that be would give her a present. She had not, however, done so, but yesterday morning be made euch great promieea of giving her a hMi^wgtf present that ahe visited bis place after her work was over in a dodiinE establishment, where sue was a machinist. He bad then placed her in the room she was found in, and gave ber no reasons for Anan^ so. *!3ie girl was hmwdiatply taken away from tte bouse ; and on Senior-constable O'tteara going iowBrtairs to mat the Oiimnuan be found that be had hotted, and np to a late hsar be m ant anirtud Hie fMnsnmi is a KB-fcnami ofiender in thai respect. The prlwa* taken to the watehhoase and lodged Sere for tbe jaght.-tWSuMcan(!ht and tried the Chinaman gat Mn month', imprison ?oeat.!— Age. Peesektattok io Me. GfOBLar Lckts. — Mr. Ondey L»km, who has so looft and ^ wfla aoch anceess. edited tbe Owner, Md-^H who is now about to leave QuaenaUnd, was on WJ Ensday presented 'ith an addrev, iaj . 'W very hajsome sflver mfcatand by tte cam- ^ poatturse^ageaon that paper thea^taa. ^ , uemnsstve of the Tespeet and osteem m vfa^UrTuddnisbeU by the Owner tan- Mditocs, condading with tte kindliest withes Eorhai fatare welfare. The inkstand is a beaabfol ornament, and was exhibited at a utethownttbeMatiBnalAivweiatwn.riiritiiig gtat praise on its maiinfactarar. Sir. Browne, of Edward-street. The literary 4aff of the Owner and former coatrihatars ot ttat jonrnal, gave a farewell dinner to Mr. Lokm at Saodt^te, xmeBediagttitter in waggonettes andtegSeZ Mr. IVukin was also entertained to dinner by the members ef tbe Dnion Clnb, Bririaue. A Tjsauxzjur Gnosr.-^k good deal of excitement has lately been caased inHsbart bpa mysterious and ghosUy form ttat kept appearing from time to time in lonely places, fri^tmmg women out of their aSHM. Ob nup ?ffry^frfft ft ?ifrtv-w|fijMl to ttrow a handlDBr* chief over tte face ef a young girl who wna walking oat alone in tte evening. A telegram in tbe Laxmaton ExamijuTtxyti -.— 'The ghost mystery has been tte excitement of to-day [3rd December). It appears ttat between one and two o'clock this morning three conBtabta who were in Salamanca-place, near tte old St. David's Cemetery, noticed a man standing in tte middle of tte mad, ani a white figure similar to ttat which others have seen, and which has been called 'tte ghost,' on tte footpath- The man, who turned out to be Thomas Nevin, tte town hall keeper, was arrested* and two of tte constables chased tte ghost, who was fleet-footed, but would have been captured only one of tbe constables ten. Hue afternoon the police committee faeUan inquiry into the matte&i; Their proceedings lasted five hours, and a number of nitomm were «amined witt a view of elucidating the mystery. The result of their deliberations was ttat Nevin was held to be to Haw, but Die facts adduced were not sufficiently strong to variant his being prosecuted. It has not boaf ascertained who tte individual is who has been acting tte part of the ghost, but there re reason to hope ttat he will soon be detected.'' Fasvess JInsnsGS :— A. well-attended special nmtinKof tte Undora Farmers' Union was held at tjritera on Saturday last, to dense means for tte assistanoe of those Earmers whose crops had been injured by the lai£ hailstorm. From statements made it appeared ttat tte damage was very wide spread, and ttat some farmers had unr crops of grain .nearly mined, while many had Bufiered severely. A committee was appointed to inspect and classify tbe crops injured, and tte Minister for Lands wffl be requested to send an officer to the next meeting of (he union to receive their report. It is proposed to form a fanners' relief dob, ao as to gire assistance in similar cattssoC loss. A meeting of fanners «o« hdd at Benalla on Wednesday to take into consideration tte low price ruling {or bU kinds of farm produce. Mr. Thus. PoweU was elected to the chair. Mr. Joseph Harrison proposed that a farmer's, dairymen'e, and grazier's company be formed in SOW shares of £1 each for the export of farm pro duce. The resolution was seconded by fir. Thou. Powell, and carried unanimously. A good working committee was appointed 'to draw up the prospectm and mqdeg pre liminaries. — Argue. An Excittkk Chase.— On Saturday after noon, a Chinese tea-dealer was hawking his wares in Hacaulay-road, Hotham. when be was Bet upon by two young roughs, wfao knocked him down and were rifling his pocketB when some dwellers in the vicinity, \ hearing tte Chinaman's cries, came to bis ' assistance. The youths at once decamped, \ having taken Is. lOd. from tte Chinamen. Then' description was given to the Hotham police, and yesterday the victim of the assault and an interpreter went to tiie Hothain police station, and warrants were issued for the offenders, who were believed to be i^ontical with two well-known roughs named William John M'Leish and Louis Pbibs. Plain clothes Constables Fitmatrick and Smith went in search of tte offenders, and at half past twelve found them at Hotbam-biU. Aa soon as they saw the officers, they made off through Footscray towards vVQliatnatown, throwing away their boots and otter impedi ments to tteir flight. A most ercitulg chase chase ensued. The pursued tried to force the pursuers to abandon tte chase by selecting the muddiest routes. They plunged through pools and quagmires, keeping as dose to the river as they could. Nothing daunted, the constables followed (hem closely, and though at times op to tteir hips in mnd and stash they pressed on. When the fugitives reached £ 4 tte mouth of tiie Yam, nearWiiliaaanswn, *?* ttey pln&jged; in and swam to tte opjujaiUt u bank; and, after crossing a piece of dry W ground, dashed through a swamp, when, too exhausted to pursue their flight further, ttey landed on a Bort of island in the ee&txe.; Tbe constables crossed the river in tte punt, but did not care to adopt tte desperate example of their quarry in reaching tte island, but con tented themselves by watching tbem. A gentiemaa on horseback passing, was induced to ride off to Wahamstown, and notify the water police, who came down and ctptored the offender, at half-past five o'clock. Tbe chase had lasted five boars. The prisoners were tafcm to the Hotham lock-up, and will be bronjht np on a charge of assault and robbery. Tbe JramnclTaatimb flat a Irunt, Soatt Wales, to begin Wm in BfacbS, ^^?i'^' WtrerTiand hsT£ot bT l^S^S,1* * -w-4 * tare MTO8BS. HfewUlm ACT. Co., Of Mel .as***'™ («J? «« 8'xmg A-et| fane disposed ^W*»tbflMra«r»uaoMB. Messes. Howard r SwDi and Son, topmtari the Koooo *»». ??' Messrs. Katttson and Co. the F|«!m£* *** «'** ta «» *w« ™ lift. Peon. Police Magistrate, arrived is Bocfchamptau, on SnnoVmonUng, to tht™ LadyBowen. The Govetmomthiui offered to but Mr. Pooh hat been so much benefitted already by the operation performed upon his eye, and his ax weeks respite from labour that be did not think there was need for any Imger absence from bis judicial duties, ani ttanfcfoBy declined the profored extension. Tax .dgestates that on the bet voyage of the barque Na-*l Qaeen boo Itarrbonsigb, Queensland, to IMba^ the dueHffiS; Mr. Benjamin 'fcatterwortli, dud frits dyaeab^ on tbe 6tb instant, behaving been eaffiaingfrwnitsocetbeSWboHartiofrtb, just three days after leaving port. One of tbe dew was al» laid «p wi£ tbe one com plaint all the voyage, and Unded in a very weak coBOitaon. Tesdebs for the construction of eighteen miles ol the Fasiifem foa«y mis recrirai on Tuesday attheComnrimooCT forRsilwsyj' Office. There were «ir tenders, namely :— Messrs. Byrne and Co., Garget* and Co., *}. Bashford, Briges. Coleman, and Co., Fraier M-DonaU and Co., and QiBmr, Walker, and Co. Tbe quantities and pries are not yet nude op, k- that it ia impossible to say who ia tbe successful tenderer. THE letting of the Gonxaraent wharf and tile Commercial wharf, Bruhsse, or mote properly the new Corporation whams, was complied on Tuesday by fail Worship the Mayor, who concluded a -''fai-* with Hessn. WOliau Howard Smith anS Sons, of Brisbane and Meloo*™, bribe lease of She ?aid wharves far the ?am of £1800 per annum, tor five yean only. The lessees undertake to pay the water rates, bat are not to pay any numicipBl rates. A rorae man named Frederick Price, a MacksmiO, was brought into town fcxn Maryborough on !-Viday, he having bees BTTested there for neglecting to enter into sureties for the support of his illegitimate child. An order had bean made upon htm to conferibnte Se. per week for the maintenance of €ue infant^ and instead of aajinfr the amount. Price decamped. Be waPfemain in gaol for twelve months, if be does not in Qte meantime succeed in obtaining tbe required bonds. It is announced that the Committee of Management of the Soekhaznpton Bowing dub has succeeded in makingamngements for an eicnrsk.ii to Keppel Bay and Peat Island on New Year's Day. The dnb during the year bad the ausfortone to have fts boat shed swept away, and there has been a con siderable attain opon tbe lands is consequence. They bare, therefore, inaugurated tbe present excursion in tbe hope Hiat it may resslt in replenishing their exchequer; and as the steamer is not adverlnss to leave the wharf until S o'clock --instead of sis, ae was the.eaae on the occasion of the trip for the Hospital— it is likely a much more numerous company win find it convenient to pay the Bay a visit. Kaon the Brisbane Courier we learn that an accident, resullangin an ugly wound on the hack of the bead, occurred to Captain Watson, of the steamer Burnett, while on his late trip to Bockbampton. One evening about dusk he was going aboard by descending the ladder reaching from tbe wharf on to the deck, and had notobserved that the hatchway at the foot was uncovered ; and in coming off (he utter he fell down the hold, striking the' corobin^ontteoppositesideinihedejcent. Be swooned, and was some time in recovering conscientauBness. This occurred just when the vessel was about leaving. We are glad to sty that Captain Watson is now nearly recovered, ana is not likely to experience any permanent injury. ' * Mrsso's Port Curtis Almanac, and Misers' and Settlers' Companion f or 1881, is just out, and is one of Use handiest and most useful littie books of the kind. An introductory page, containing notes for the year, Law Court Terms, etc., is, followed by a complete the calendar whh the movements of eon, moan, and tides carefully tabulated. Then follows «n excellent tide table for Bockbampton, and a complete garden calendar prepared by the director of Brisbane Botanic Gardens. The Colonial Directory is very complete. It is followed by ' A Mail Contract,' edited by Bed Spinner, after which the rate is told how to mate his win. We hope the connec tion is not intentional. Mr. Munro has also issued a very handsome fllnstrated sheet Almanac— at once a thing of one and beauty. We have just been shown a work of art pro duced in Melbourne, which OlnstEates to what a high pitch boot-miking has attuned in this country. It ia a pannramic view of Old London, a. d. 16*7, reproduced by means of photo-Iiihography from an ancient engraving try WeaoceUns Hollar, with an historical sketch of the origin and profrress of bsdon, compiled from ancient htstories and other r« liabb «oarcet by Gracuu 3. Browne. The book is * thin folio, and the trBonaphy on tte pages io desn Md neat. Ae hntary is dearjy and sneetnetly written. The great feature af Ox work istfae photo-liftqgrapl!, whkheivstairunntenew of tbe metropolis, when law Bockhampton, it was largely com. jwsed of wooden bonnes. Loodonen mas* find TO the nistatt - great 4eal to intent and ?muse. An agent f«tteaale of this wricK work ia oow in town. Tee Uelboane Ar/m sm iThe'arcsiue ment by which Colonel Seratehley, bTEL, artpenateMds the defence works of tee varioaa ootaiies is mhmt to «lo» by cOaxisD of tame. Mr. Berry haa^comwBTi^strf witt the Gwernmento of the variou ooboies in iented.aa4 he tmda that they .re all ia {»»«?{ oaatinmng tbe enmement ta: J«tteryear. Tae«nawer tronT&w; Sottl Wdeshasyetto be reeennd, but there is bo dojbt sow that CoJouel SentcUe* win be aai^tonteadtiKdsratianofhisnsit. The CMner aays 'the nrngnatwD of the Hon. C. H. Baneott of uToffiee as Post m****haeoi m guetM to^ay, aod the api«mtaient jTtbe Hon. B. D. Itagahead m manner of the Exantm Comjca «ad Port -naster«eaend is aasraasced.' We have Bat accepted omocnnd we usdentand far has not done so. The team is that Mr. King has been -iMBt from BrWwne, and weretbeW ?ntlieman to accept a aeat in the Upper Hone. Us aeat would become vacant, without anyonehanngjriowertoiait op till Parlia ment meeto. Be wails totnifcu Ms aeaa into the buds of the SpeakerTwho wffl then iame a writ tor the election of a new Baanber for tbe Mitchell. Ta» traffic armp obUk Cental BaBway for tbe^reekmaaj December II, amounted to £1*43 18s. ftowing. as eompatU with Ore corresponding period of last year, a decrease of £639 8s. «. There waa ? 4ecreaae of £36««.ai. in tbe fares. SSl\ ISs. 8d- in die le ceipta for goods and stuck, and an increase of £8 12s. «d- in the parcels receipts. The tndEc earning! on the Soutfaern andW'eatem §£lway for the above period, amounted to «388I2t M-, dMfrmg, « eomoand witb thecorrespooo'in(TWBeVof fast fe«r. a decrease of £238 19s. 7d- Tbetotai receiDts for tbe year up to date wer«— Central line £SS,§8f 111, increase «S,«7? Ms. 7d. Soutbemand Western line, £17»,««« Ife. li, increase £11.611 4a. 3d. The «jenatry around Fort ?Curtis (aays a correspondent) « looking fine. Nice showera come up every day. Moatering ia nearly over. Several large mobs of fat cattle have com menced to timvnd- Mm iii minliiillji luimaT' to ami from the tin mines and t&e.Cania; digging!, tbe prospects are behevea to be good, oat the finds are analL Thechadren'a picuicwasafrnnd success; aJxmt 400 people were present. AS Che squatter* in lie dis trict cent esBtnbatiaas. sad others added to the animii nil nf of the children by rumung for prizes. B. L Patenon, Esq., of Monte Oi.ro. T. Witt, Esq.. of Miriam Vale, aakt onr C.P^., as an exciting race for a box of toys, Mr. Witt being /oak prixtejn,ia**i«r f* V ' ? tfi ill mi lifn In li Wesearchata company U going in for freezing goats. Several cazgoes are sow waiting in Gladstone for transhipmeajt to Bocknampton. TBECouncn of Maryferottdh are tike our own— in tumble about their bridge. At Ae last meeting toe proposal by the Hon. H. E. King as to the repairs and painting of the bridge was again brought np for discussion. — Alderman Walsh re-iterated his former state ment, that it waa a bridge belonging to the State, and oujht to be aafpttrawl out of the funds of the Government, ;ast the same as the Brisbane bridge.— Alderman Seaman was most decidedly against taking over the bridje, as it would cost about £600 for painting and screwing np. Their bands were pretty fall already. He did not consider they were in a* posHioo to take the bridge over. Let the Government retain it.— Tbe Mayor said if it were poshed on to tbe Council they would have to charge tolls and employ a gate- keeper, who would require a house. He agreed with Alderman Walsh's suggestion.— Alderman Walsh moved that the Utter be left in the j hands of tbe Mayor to deal with, and report at next meeting.— Alderman Buasett seconded the motion, which wasgavned unanimously. The concert given by Mrs. Bndson's pupils in the Oddfellows1 Half, on Saturday evenas. was very well attended by tbe psrJenb ail friends ot the pupOa, aVTipirr the nnpro pitious appearance of the weather. Thestage was occupied try the pupils, who, dressed m varied hoes of evening costume, looked re markably attractive. TheVpiugiiiimne was a very lengthy one, and comprised forty nine vocal ^3 instnimeatal selection., most of which were of a high ctaas chsrartpr. Tbe rendering of these ehowad the amount of eare bestowed by Mrs. Bridson in the culture of her, apparentiy, very apt young scholars. Marks of approval from the ejidienee greeted each performance, sad those present appeared to be highly oeiffihted with the MiugKiaa xbowB hy the pupus. Mrs. Bridaatt deserves every j»mmenda»ons for the gueeeas she achieves 3n devdopnuj the wwiiical powers of tbe ynonc ladies and gentlemen under her tuition. During theeveninglCBHosa Davis, on bebalf of twenty-six punas, presented Mrs. Bridson with a handsome whatnot, a cruet stand, and a pair of silver candlesticks, ac companied with the 'following address:— 'Dear Mo. Bridson: Before separate* for onr Christmas vacation, we beg your accep tance of the accompanying souvenirs as » email token ox our appreciation of your vn tiring efforts to promote our musical studies daring the past year, and as a mark of tbe esteem and affection with which you are recjarded by vonr jmpus, not only aa a teacher, but as a friend. We trust that m the future our amorisfioni may be as nlesssnt as ttey have been in the past, and all join in wishing you a merry Christmas and a happy New Year.- tan. Bridaon mtablyretnrned thank*. The price list is « follow:— V. Cioas—Kanoforte -. Miss E. Davis, 1st prim; laastar Brtherfont. Miss BobertsoK, ifisiKaasa, and prize (anal); Staw Dag&sh;, 3rd pose. IT. Cuss— Master BnMfman. IDs Yoaag, Miss 1. SoEcrtsoB, 1st prise {ojoal); SS. V. Yoang, Hiss H. Hrll, 2nd tarn teasBiO. UL Cuss— Staging : Was r«n»r, Vm Bnaestt, Hits Uoyd, IGai loaasTKasfrBsinte. 1st prise (?aad); S&s; S. Macphetson, Sad jm. *KMoSte .- Ha* Batserforf, Mtsbs- Kelly, Ksater Martin, Mf^te Briison. 1st dcuc (eauaD ; Was Thoans, Miss Hoarina, 2nd prize (equal). D. Cuas - Miss Homqaeg, 1st prize. I. Cuss-Miss X. Hourigau. a&ss; Brown, lat prize (eonal). Bat srnrtrhnur at leetare. Miss V. Yaaag, Baernu. doctors are as tsowbkssme in Melhdarae as in another place. A con temporary ««ys m the MfAoarne Hospital a woman named Annie Uartin was enfierinc -aeh acute pain thai tbe name drewl be? asmud a-hieh had sot been dressed for four dars before— and Csasd maggots an iacfa ions; eating awaj at tbe sore. Now, this was against the erdas of Gr. Xewman, who when in the ward JJtat day had passed by tbaa poor woman, saying he wooU attend 'to her on the mom-«, and he also ontenad her to the ntEaUJtOI^ VKO irQCstSsK sSK VU mOsUHS^ 00 lostaiy. The ristmg committee endorse the condnct ofAe nurse, bnt tbe doctors are bate at thdrantbority being interfered wrth. The woman has sinee died. Tbe Amaae Ptstrict Court sitting! wen held at £bs* township before bm Honor Judge BUte, Mr. Murray-Prior acting as Crown gnayiiiii. ThamaaXrwm received a sentence ?f siaMatae'impriaomBErrt in Bockhampton gaol, far atpaling a brown mare the property of Hugh CampbeD, a bollock driver. Joseph Baird,«£t» BeD, steaded euSty of oavme stolen a gdding, the property of S. F. Lord, of CoDoden Station; asd was sentenced to time montfae1 innw iwnffWW^TTt 2n KoryrlJUMiijt-nt gaoL This lenient sentence was imposed by his Honrsvavbo, apparently, believed prisoner's statement tikat be bad been eighteen months in custody m that charge. The Annmac lltuJ, points But that tbe prisoner ??as arrested at Port Douglas in October last, an ***r* his ststesaent was cffddedly nutrsav There was nothing of importance at tbeenra aittmgs. The OtmnaMem Oaatu of Satnrday last notifies that Sir St George B. Gere, Bit., is appointed emigration officer for the port o! Brisbane and tx ofiao an Inspector of Pacific Idandets, for the purposes of the Pacific Island Labourers Act of 1880. The following' to accompMiy vessels licensed to carry Pacific Islanders :— Permanent staff— Waiiam Lock bead, Henry Gaacoi&w; l^nde, Henrv H. Bobmson, Alexander Base Hacdonald, C. L. Easriafcs, C&t.; B. Hntdnnaon; sapcr nnroerary etsff— W. A. M'Mordo. B. H. Sadler, Walter Bore, Hubert Broome Bickarda, E. W. Uanhafl, Charles B. Wil liams, and Edward Esrawks. The police magistrates at the fbUowing places are ap pomted ex ejRrio inspectors of Pacific Islanders for the purposes of the Pacific Island labourers Act of 1880 :— Beenieigh. Bowen, Bondaberg, Cardwell, Cairns. Cooktown, Gladstone, Ipswich, Mackay, BfaiybarDOgb, Fart Daaglas, Eocthampton, St. uwtence, Towns ville. — Inneskxllen and listowel are no longer pollini- places for the Mitcbrfl district, and the fOBHHring are appointed «i«3Jr^rt^»T paUing pfoces : — ^NorthamatDo Dons, Terrick T«r rick, Jsisford, Tower HOI, and Jundaa.— 135 acres, district of Eockhampton, parish -at Westsrood, a open for sefedaoo at 7*. Sd. per The Kev. W. Oiggemaiid Mr. E. P. Uver more, who haS*een appointed by tbt Building Committee of tbe New Angbcan Chorea, waited -rpou the Minister for Lands at tbe Criterion Hotel -on Friday eaomnag, in re ference tn certain matters connected with the quarrying of stone «± 0tmamt3l for tbe oae of atenewbrrading. Mr. Digsens is introducing the subject said tbe eoetraetor for Ae erection of the Chsrch (Mr. Kasderson) was to be re garded as a kind of pioneer in tbe stone boiUing Hade, as tbe new CbarcB of England now in progress was tbe first stone bnSi'mg in the town. The work bsd so far proved ao very successful that the teade was likely to in crewe rapidly, and provehJghlyrerDDDer-tive to the Government owing to the railway freights' for carriage, which would be derived from it. A man opening up such a new trade as that had many difficulties to contend with- lathe first place he bad to compete «'*& brick-work until stone buildings were properly iutro dnced ; and, agsin, he had to engage men from the Boirth to carry on the labour, which added considerably to bis difficulties ; and he (Mr. Oiggens) submitted that a man placed in such a position deserved and was entitled to some littie consideration. Having made these pre liminary remarks be desired to inform the boo. Mnusterfor Lands tint tbe contractor was labouring under what was eooceiced to be a grievance, which, with Mr. Perkins' per mission, be wished to relate. According to the ruling of UK Bench in Kockhampton, it was necessary not only that every -juurymin working at StanweB should have a license, but tbe 'sesfcblera '—the men who tnogh-dnsaed the atone— had also to possess themsehres of licenses, and also tbe men who carted the atone tnv. Then whatever stone was (removed, was taxed three times over. The matter lad been represented to the Lands Office, sad the reply received waa, that ?cabblen need not possess these licenses ; and what tJ» deputation now wished Mr. Xferkmtto do was to ntusd what had been {aid on account of these men, who were naBy not engaged in quarrying the exons, hot simply in rudely shapme it ao as to snake it fit for removal. Tbe Minister for Usdx said be .greed with the deputation that scsbUen ought not to be compelled to take oat licensee, and promised the amount paid on their Bnomt should be placed to the credit of the contractor. He also thought it™ scarcely right tint a enter should have to take oat a. license, and be would, therefore, tabs tbe ssstter into ins consideration sad acquaint the SKfUtiuu with the resnit. The Eev. Mr. Kggesa then meationed that tie contractor was nesng charged carriage rates over. -natanee of fittsea mflea, whereas the sasmgat which the s*sos was debvered was anJy tWrriffl mass turn BorHtvmptwi The sTiiiilii said that sns a asxttsr oatsidelns department, but A would be mfwKannd to tbe Minister for Works. The deputatis* then thanked the Minister ar their sdasl It eeption and withdrew. The Hon. P. Perkins. Minister for Lsods, left Bockhampton, oa Satmday msmmg bfr the a. Q«enUnd, which on her present fan to BriehsaewiH call at the various ports. Tbe Government steamer Rtnoy left BwHwiwptoa on Wednesday -~~~~r hsvbur on boant Captain A. E. Sykes, HarVou North Beef and Cape Capricorn Gsjbthosses, and other stations. Some difficulty was cipeihuuA in iaading at tbe Kerf and the Cape, owing to the prevaiesee of - strung northerly wind, bat after beisg compelled to take ehetter for two nights a landing was effected, when everytinae; was foond to be in satisfactory working order. Owing to the delay the Fkzroy did not return to the Eocfc hampton wharf sntil fiaturday morrasg. Captain Sykeg was thus preventerl from being present at lie faaoquet to the Minister far Lands on Friday ni^nt. Tsx Bmtxate OLmo-txs* :— It has been defirdtery decided that tbe Premier wffl nit EngUod shortly, sailins abast the end of tins month. Mr. Milwcaith (3, of coarse, watch over the proceedings in oxumiiim with tbe Boyal Commi»o». bat he will also make arrangements with capitalists, solar as possihSe, to construct » l ? sjliimilil ra3 way on tbe land grant system. By personal intercomse be wul probably do assre in thsi directnmm three weeks than easid be dene by way of correspondence in twelve ?«?*? In order to expedite the preUsomaries to a railway, a aurveying expeduaon is arranged to start from BUckall to inspect the country between that place sod Point Parker, in the Gulf of Carpentaria. The expedition wffl be under the leadership of Mr. Frank Bam. accompanied by Mr. i. B. Watson, late Cuef Eneioeerof Railways in Victoria. This looks iise busmess. A SOTTB- EiLST Rale, reported on the coast on Moaday, is likely to rerarde the movements of some of the shipping comrfctri wiA Queensland ports. The gale was stated to be heavy at flat-top bland and toe Ingkip Bar, white off Cape Capricorn the weather was Mid to he thick sad hazy. The rainudl was very general at moat of the stations from which veportB have been received. Keariy three inches feE at Mackay withis the twenty four houxs pre ceding nine o'clock -m Monday amtB% while at CardweU two inches were registered. The shipping intelligence notified that the brig Drover, which left Keppe] Bay on the J7ch instaat, bad returned to port and anchored off tbe Pilot Station ; the schooner Kate, bound from Haekayto a southern port, had set back to the Hat-top Inland anchorage 'all well :' and the barque Sebroyd, bound from Newcastle to AdeUdc bad returned to the ionner port. Althoogh no information is to hand concerning the reason of these move ments it may be assumed that the south-east gale has prevented the vessels proceeding on tbeh- respective voyages. A BU.G1STEB1A1. inquiry into the cause of death of Mr. Warden Bligh. of Gympie (for merly commandant of the Native Police Force in this district), is reported in the Jftserof 17th instant. Tbe eviamce of Charles B. Lomas. a chemist's assistant, went to show that on the 15th instant he had supplied Mr. High with a four-ounce bottle of chloral hydrate ; wrjrle tbe testimony of deceased's daughter established the fret that at 12 o'clock on the same night deceased told her be wonld take some chloral to induce aieep. At nine o'clock on the following rooming be was found dead, and Dr. Benson waa rmrwTrrrnrntTy handed an emptr bottle found in tbe room, which Miss Bb'gh identified as one she bad sees her father take from a box on tite night preceding his death. On the botde was a label with some words to tbe effect that each teaspooafu] contained 15 grains of choral hydrate. Other endow wu given showing that the deceased had been in the habit of taking choral-hydrate as a, sleeping draught, but Dr. B van said be waa of opinion Hbatt it was highly dangerous to place sach a strong solution of choral a&yras; supplied in this ease in tbe hands of sny person, unless it bad pre viously been prescribed by a medical man. The inquiry then dosed. ' The Brtitoom? Comrkr is informed that a telegram has been received by tbe Govern ment fim an influential English first ce re sponse to a letter inquiring as to the |S.uapeut of the trans- continental project being taken srp in London, profoismg co-operation, and mating that tiie present ia a most favourable time for bringing the scheme before the public. The telegram intimates a bebef that* satisfactory combination may fie made to undertake the work on the basis suggested, rsrfnrliiig the guarantee bond, which, however, has been struck out of the buX Tbe proposal in tbe bill as originally submitted to the House was that the Govemmsnt might guarantee by endorsement the payment of in terest for twenty- one years' on debentures issued by the contractor! at a flsTnriiwm rate of 4 per cent per annum on the sum «f £1599 fore very mile of railway constructed ; sflad in the event of She Oovermnent being called apom to pa y tbe interest gaaranteed, they were em powered to take possession of the rail say sad receive the tcDx. These ettnses. however, were not approved by the TTmrn, the majority holding that the Government should incm-BO responsibility beyond their BabiBtvaa stipulated in land. How far tb- assy »&«* the prospect of floating tt»e scheme is Engkud we canhSROy jttdsje, tart His eviaent that the compsny undertaking it, win find a ameh greater difficulty in financing scsteptgdomi an Government. Tbe presence of the Premier is England, wffi, we believe, he ef sftsxerist advistase in smoothing, onr the dMicntoisa thai beset the nr-tistise of » novel saeiperi useat as the essetrnetiou «f s (sxss; (astray ?crass oar territory, without say srlnsiiwi to the fasroens of the country. ALLIGATORS. — The Chinese fishermen who have established a fishing station up the In let, dose to the nee course, have lately had ; good deal of excitement over these reptiles. They found 4fr**p^ jlligTrti'*^ in -**»** net, sue ft* damage done fay them to the nets form s sefioos item in their working expenses. W- are informed that tfaey ace anxiously frying tc capture one alive under the impression thai they wUl get a high price for it from Europeans — Cairns Chronicle. The Coex. — Xotwitfastaadrngthe encourag ing reports lately received from this locality, frT'*fTn**?fBn is josfc to haod ffi*t tnc Chinese diggers ace returning in large numbers. Jimmy Ah Gee, the butcher, has retained with nearly all his cattle, having only succeeded m jg^-Wig nd of seven out of o^ei 100 head. The small alluvial area where payable ground ns found became quickie ?worked out; and tie hostile attitude of the natives prevented any extenavc prospecting for new ground. —Coottotm Courier. Strands — fjhnicw fishermen inform ns t1^'*1 two enormous sharks, probably the beads of a family, are now hf''tinF the mrm-th oE the Endeavour, and tiiat they occasionally visit tie vicinity of the bathing ground. Onr object in mentioiung this is not to tank? bathers fed uncomfortable, but to induce eomeof the craefce of oar Gun and Bifle Clob toby 'their boasted stllT on these unwel conic imiTIjbw Kharir shooting is becoming nearly as 'fashionable, although not so dangerous, as Tiger shooting in India. — Cook- The Blacks Again.— Is there no chance of this oft recurring complaint being done away ? Again we have to record further, and more serious depredations by these ubiquitous marauders. Mr. Earl's cattle nave been scattered in all directions; and during last week the remains of six buflocks and a cow have been found. The latter was cut up dose to the homestead. Mr. Earl has only limited assistance on the station, some of the hands being absent at the Coen, and it is dangerous for him to attempt to interfere with the blacks, who are both daring and numerous. Sub-Inspector Marrett was only the other day patrolling the country in the neignbour hood. What is to be done? This is a pro blem requiring solution.—Cooktown Courier. The Soratj — ThesteamshipSomta, which was successfully floated off the racks at Cape Jarvis, arrived in tie bay last evening shortly before midnight. The passage from Adelaide has not been unattended with risk. Heavy weather was met with from the Golf, and while labouring in tie seaway * portion of the snoring ia the twees decks give way, and the bilges opened a little. The pomps also got choked in some degree, aad as the water had gained to the extent of eight feet in the bold, it was deemed advisable to pot into Bivoii Bay to remedy delects. The Sorata was toved thence by the Albatrossas iarssCape «tway, where the Utter let her go, andsfae came on with her own steam. The Sorata is to fce taken into the Alfred Graving-dock this morning for examination. — Argwt, Decem ber 9. KlSVKESi A2CD PaHESCX. — Mr E. PoweO writes suggestively to the Enrol Sac Forier of a 'spoiled' cow reformed by moral suasion: — 'Coming home to farm on a vacation, after nearly a year's »l— ?»??. my 'man ' said to me, * yon will have to sell tiiat pet Ayrshire heifer. She is a terrible crea ture; we can do nothing arixh her.' At milt ing time, I found they had her with a rope around her horns, in between dose bars, and then dose pins before and behind her hind legs. One switched off flies, while another mflted. She node it lively, however, in spite of bats, pins, pegs, ropes, and men. It looted like a bad ease Her eyes were foil of misrhW. Thenertdav, I had her led out on the lawn of nice grass fora good meaL Toe next day she was let loose in the yard, when I took a rope to the gate, held it np and caused her to ccme and let me pot it on, promisirg ber s good time on the lawn. It was at least a half hour's work oS quiet, persistent -waiting and talking. But ehe was slowly coming to the point of yielding. At last she held herhead quietly down close in front of me, and not till then did I yield one inch to her. She mnst submit before sbe could have the coveted fzrass. Then I led her out at once and fiace her a good time. The remit was that in three weeks she cooid be milked anywhere on the lawn without tile least danger.' The Habbiagz of the Eupeeoe Alexax TJER.— Considerable interest has been excited in cprfain circles by the second marriage of the Emperor Alexander, Crar of all the .Rinsmwr. The Acts related will not add lustre to his character. The Empress had not long bees buried when the romeor circulated, a few months back, that he had been privately inaxried to the Princess Dolgoronld. Negotiations respecting her future position are said to be now going forward, and it is proposed that ber children shall be recognised as winces of the blooa-and rank immediately after the Grand Dukes. If the Czarewiteh consents to this arrangtnent, it is said the Emperor will appoint him co-regent, and retire himself to Ljvadia, These speculations do not yet belong to history. The St Petersburg correspondent of the Oolapu: Gazette says that not a word is spoken in the Bnssian papers of tie Czar's marriage -.— ' The press regulations forbid anv information concerning the household of the Czar. Burnout; however, says tie wedding ?— '« off co the, 19th of July last (Old Style), the ceremony being performed in tie chapel of the palace. The Imperial family, dis approving of the marriage, were mostly absent. The Crown Frinee was at Hapsal, in Bsthnma, and the Grand Dukes rw,^,^tfn and Wladinm- were abroad. Among the few wOumsui of the ceremony were the Grand Duke Nicholas and the Minister of War. Tie newly snarrfed couple, «ith their family, tie eldest of whom is already advanced in tnyhoeoV are now in Iivadm. Princess Dofcor***i, the Cart wife, belongs to a very cUaaJatoendic family, viz, one of the Ban \- kovitcfai the riesrfndanls of Bank, the \- founder of Rnssia, and is therefore not behind i the Emperor as regards descent.' The Heat is Melbocbse. — Yesterday I (December 2) was the hottest day experienced \- I this season, the marhnnm temperature in Hie = shade, as registered at the Melbourne Obser \- vatory, being 96 deg. and in tile sun L33 deg. t A hot wind set in soon after sunrise, and i conrinned until about 4 p.m., when a sea breeze came np, and for a time the weather \- was coo! and pleasant. After a time, how , ever, the wind died away, and the rest of the . evening was somewhat oppressive. Towards . midnight tain set in. — JTeftottnte Aryns. I 1 A Ijeei AcnoK.— We lesm that Ml. ' Ellison, late chief officer of the Avoca, who ? on the utiaiglJj of Martin Weiherg's state ? meat was arrested ond tried, but acquitted, in ' London, for the great robbery of gold from the ' ship named, has returned to Melbourne aad ; entered an action for £5000 il nnaji I against the Melbourne Baily Telegraph, 'lie is also ? bringing libel actions against several other i papers. It will be remembered that the : P. and O. Company gave Mr. EUtson £1000 : by way of compensation for fate wrong done ? him at their instance. Batm-ays.— The lYmfe Journal for Oetpber j famishes the fonowmgmteresting reminder of the nflietii anniversary of the opening of tike' first railway in &u-bmd; for goods and passen gers :—' On September IS, half a century ago, the line to Manchester was opened, the start ing of the first tain being attended with an accident, which resuttedm the death of Mr. Huskisson. We are informed that the engineer now lives near Birmingham who turned die handle of the engine wbiehset the train in motion. Havfetcentary ago a speed exceeding ten miles an hour was considered tantamount to fang in the face of Providence and the Quarter^ Rrrinc deprecated a faster rate. Now the Flying Dutchman runs daily from London to Plymouth at 53} miles an hour without exciting the least emprise. Half a million persons are employed in connection with railways nt Great Britain and Ireland. Their total paid np capital has expanded to £800,000,000 sterling, tfee total Dumber of passengers conveyed being represented by fbe same figures. WhOe about £800 was received from passengers in tie first two years of railway frintence. the aggregate income has swollen into £22,000.000 a-year. To the ex tension of railway London is indebted for an accession, in the half -century, atf 3,000,000 to its population. The Slomixr&remvia; that '1,000,000 sacks of fiour and meal, 180,000 head of cattle, 1.250.000 sheep, 80.000 tons of dead meat, 62,089 tons offish. 12,000 tons of poultry, 13,000 tons of cheese, and 200.080 tans of vegetables are annually brought into Hie capital by the various railways which have their termini within the bills of mortality.' ' The Roads to the Duxumii.— We are ghd to hear that Mr. Road Inspector Philip Bergin has been selected by the Government to supervise the constrnctiDD of dams oo Ok mam road from Townsvflle to the Diamaotina. Mr. Bergin was the original discoverer*f the road from gughpndfn to the Kamanfcma, and Winton via Wokmgbam Creek, and it seems only fair now that the Government have adopted his roste and plans, and hare decided to construct the necessary dams as advised by them. He has lately been mA&arge; of the roads and odier wodos in connection therewith ia the Cairns tbtntet, between Cairns and the Mnlgrave, and on receiving bis iyimf ment to supervise tte cousfcrictuw of dams -m the Diaraantina roads he at once repaired to Townsvule, where he arrived by fbc bjb. 'Corea' on Saturday last, and expect*, after obtaining the necessary equipments, &£-, to be able to leave for Hnghendeson Wednesday next. There was at one time some doubt whether the Government would adopt Mr. Bergin's views on this new nmte,4-ut we can safely say that it is a matter fur congratu lation that they have done so, and one of no mfrigninVant importance to earners and others taaueffiog that ro»d, as well (s to storekeepers and publicans along the toad. From Mr.' Bergin's known shiljtics and practical 1 - knowledge of tie work he has is hand, we i can confidently rely on its being carried out i thoroughly weU. and, as we understand it his tnention to open these dams as «oon as possible, we may look forward to a (dentifnl , supply of water along the toad, from this , port to the Diamantina, in awery short space ' of time.— A'ortfcr* Standard. '? Pautek llrsciB — The past few days have i been somewhat eventfnL and it would appear ' evident that the progesa of the field Bats had ' its era of transition. But we are onaUe for want of space to here refer at length to the : decided change for the better whkh has taken i place. The Mabel Lmise battery on l VTednesday crashed the last of the Comet : stone, 320 tons yielding 795 -he. 5 dwts. ] retorted gold. Such a return from a reef so . large and so well denned as the Comet veiB i is, vitii working ground better than which ; could scarcely be desired, water being tiieV I only obstacle, which is overcome by steam I machinery, is certainly most satajfactory I paying as it does the deserving proprietor i very handsomely. Capital stone eosrtauoes to '. be raised expeditioosiy, there being already ' aboot-W tons at grass, and it is .^]™.l.»~» , that between 300 and 400 tons will be ready 1 for toe stampers at toe end of the year. A' ? company has been formed to work the lArisa, ] witi a pau|-op capital of £4000. in £1 shares. | The reef averages folly 13 inches, and has - always yielded over 2 and sometimes over 3 i ozs. to the ton, while the ground is soft, I which will render a large output in a i comparatively short tune, easy work. From i German Bar some very rich finds wen I reported during the week. A lamp weighing ' 74ozs. 1* dirts., of which 60 o^ at least is : gold, was lodged in the Bank of New I Sooth Wales on Wednesday by a minot 1 named Thomas Bale. The St. Pat- i rick So. 1 shareholders intead to work i that part of the leader in their lease ate* ? crushing. They hare since the ains picked - op a few* ounces of gold, and it is Ihe impression that a miner named Hnlay M-Pherson, who baa bees fossicking in the vicinity some mouths past has discovered a large quantity of the precious metaL The locality, in fact, was one of the richest opened on the Palmer, and in which cereal heavy golden, tumps «re now known to have been found by Europeans, who kept their good forbme secret, though ft was generally mrmisedaomethingrich was being obtained. Az&KrC;*re»efe. Takifg tbe OiTtt.— Ma;or Btbsrtaon preading on the Ballarat Town Bench on Monday, took occasion (remarks tin Star) to say tint he had noticed that the ceremony of taking theaarh in court was often performed with aferity mbefitting each a solemn undertaking. He said he thought the old Scottish custom of the person taking an oath li«M,i|, np his right sxm and nointinjg to heaven aa be «aid ' I swear ttf my God,' to be far more impressive than the slovenly fej^inf; of a dirly, twine-tied, greasy book. EiTEiOBDINAET EsCUS ntOH DBaXS. — A New Plymouth telegram to the Olaga Dail) Tines slates that the Hon. Messrs. Btyee and RoUestah bad a narrow escape from bemg killed on Sunday, November 21. whilst being driven from the camp to Opunalceia the A-dftspress. On descending the hill before coming to the WaitahUBiver the brake £ave way, and the efcnreas went down tbe hill witii a run into the river. Mr. RoHeston was ^thrown amongst tbe horses, into the water. Fortunately ihe gentlemen were not injured. tehbekic Among Fish.— The fish on the coast to tbe southward of Sydney Heaas appoifr to be afflicted wiib some epidemic athicfc is causing them to ofcin large Bombers. I WoUsngong correspondeot, writing to Mr. O. C. Pope, of the Qastams Department; savs : 'What has cuumtwav the sehnapper! They are coming ashore sick and dead by scores, if not bnodrecE, and are to be nicked np at sea giddy-aod sick. The last fite tunes Ibave beoKsoffaass boat during fc past two months, we have only caught four fish, and Mr. Kiennan here has been out #very im far a week without getting a bite, bat he says he can pick up plenty floating about B.M.Hmtdd. Tax Swakwick-Bvrki Feacas. — The Observer of Monday gives the following account oE the dtstutbauee : — ^The oews that Mr. Swanwick. M.L.A-. had severely horse whipped Mr. J. E. Byrne, the prapnetorand editor of Pgxk, cansed considerable excite sjaait in Brisbane on Saturday. It appears Mr. Swanwick felt very indignant at* paragraph in the last issue of JW, ik whn£ w allnsion was made to Mrs. Swanwick who was introduced to give elect to a very fasiieh joke. Mr. Swan-wfeksays he cairn iwUungfnr attacks upon himself, bat he jtronglv objected to a lady being bronght lito tislijaiajsliiii inajoke ins public jootinl.allfci pnrdnwfid * horse, whip and salted out in search of the editor of the onendme joomal to administer a personal carfigatioB. About 12 o'clock on SatsViiay he was walking np Qneeo-etnet, and Mr. Byrne eat out of acab in brat of him at the door of M'Naught'e tfaap. Me Swanwick walked an to hies sajtaaii ' you blackguard, yon have been damfernfWy wife; HI teach you bo slander ladies again!' and then the bopewhin descended -on the most delicate paxfcof the rear of Mr. Byrne's person frith* Sorce and precision that was nmmstafceabie, Mr. Byrne exclaiming '»-d I. Did I!' Then He tiptoe moved hack and Mr. Swanwick in SoDowmg him np shipped and fell with his back towards him, butaprinjghuj on sohis£Be( ?gain he continued by giving three or more ante to Byrne, who made no p^yiir^ to lefend fc»TP^f or ?**»*?»*»» in any way what sver; in fact; he bore it within antesistimr Mtitnde worthy of a, CHiriilrisn martyr. At this stage the audience infanfared and ?eparatedthehalMesufPw and fafie legislator Mr. Swanwick then discovered that in the fall ie had cot the back of his head, from which ie*lood flowed freely, aad he walked away p the street wh^e Ml*. Byrne jumped into a ab and drove oi&V;° This is a correct version,* in which three impartisl jjaod reUable witnesses nnanimously agree. ?' TjMOEi.— tt *ipears (says the Sydiuw Bemld- that there were no lees ttai Bra rlaimante for the revard for discovering the gold-field at Temora, and the Minister for Mines referred the several applications to the Warden of the district for report Every inquiry into the matter was made by tbe Warden, and tbe following awarde nude by the Uinister are to a large extent based npon the Warden's report :— To Maloney and party ate swarded £M0 ; to Murray and party. Boss md party/M oore md party, and FatKer and parly, each £190, making up a total rSrarf ot ClOOO. Cwsidaable difficulty was ex penenced inflating the awards, as the whole of die sereral claimants discovered gotil very Dearly at Ihe same time. Maloney's part^ jot the highest award in eonseoiieBce of the Length of time they aud been pvoBpecting on the spot ; indffid, it was owing to them that the rush to Teuton took place. We learn from the Temora Star of December 4 that seven bads of dirt, from Footer's claim, MTo. 3 from Cotton's, gave upwards of Soz. It was washed in a trough about seven miles taw Temora, at -what is known as the Seven ?OeiCreefc. Most of the claims on the Cpper Diggings are looking welL A number of pieces have been nicked out from various daims. Between the races and the elections there was but littie '»'''g news to chronicle bat week, and most of that which has tran spired was «f an important character. A mlendid nngget; weighing within a fraction of »oz, was Knnd in Hayes and mrtr'« claim. Che nugget was very solid, nS showed less mylus than is common in cold foijfta npon infield. BhasheenlodgeaintteBanTof Sew South WaW TbTwater^ Bowes', dam, Xa. U in the Deep IVead, cantuoa «t ?bout 30 feet in depttf The sec«u.faa% rtich the jartj ate puUing down, tsjoow ?bout 50 feet ia depthTltwin fce dabbAthe whole distance from the surface. The total amount of gold picked out of Buckley's daim hat week was nearly M k At B. C Griffith's reef they are raising exceUcs* stone from the «4eet level, showing gold beery. 