? ? BUTCHERS' PICNIC. f ^ S The first annual picnic of the recently formed Butchers' Society took place on the grounds'of the Hon. John Crozier, M.L.C., at Oaklands^on Thursday, November 4, and proved a great success, both as to attendance and as to the manner in which the proceedings of the day passed off. It was intended that the members of the Society with their friends shouldjassemble at the Norfolk Arms Hotel at 9 in the morning, and proceed [by coaches, provided by Messrs. Hill & Co., to the scene of the day's outing, but it was 10 before a start was made. A coach with the Concordia Band on board, however, went round the streets, and with its music called the attention of the citizens to the fact that (something unusual was about to happen. Those of the company who assembled at the Norfolk Arms started, as we have said, in nine of Messrs. Hill & Go 's coaches; and as that well-known whip, Mr. W. A Durieu, who was driving the first, had six horses in, and all of the vehicles were well filled, the procession presented an imposing appearance. About 300 persons went out by coach, but a much larger number by private traps, so that it was estimated tbat there must have been abont two thousand persons in the paddock at Oaklands during the afternoon. A programme of games had been drawn up, and these were entered upon largely, especially the athletic contests, which filled well. Proprietors of all sorts of games were also on the ground, from the gentlemen with tbe balf-ciown and purse trick and the sweep-drawing canaries to the heartless ! individual who lives by the pelting of Aunt Sally. Merry-go-rounds for the children—some of them rather old, though—and skittles for persons with the proclivities of Mr. Perkyn Middlewick, were of conrse included. A photographer was also present, and took a group of about fifty of the holiday-makers. The Concordia Band 'played during the afternoon, and those who affect the " light fantastic toe" tripped it on the sward. Tbe place where the tents were pitched—close to the residence of Mr. Crozier, on the banks of the Sturt—is very suitable for a picnic, and a very enjoyable afternoon seemed to be spent by all. The refreshment "tent was kept by Mr. Ferors, of the Norfolk Arms Hotel. It is exceedingly creditable to tbe large gathering that, although there seemed to be plenty of liquors to be had, only one person was to be seen who was not sober. The following are the details of the sports, with the prizes awarded:— One Hundred and Fifty Yards Maiden Race. —W. Northsge, butcher's kit; George Hibbard, meerschaum pipe. Eleven started. Four Hundred and Forty Yards Handicap.— W. Duance, £3 3s., scratch; D. Davis, £1 Is., scratch. Eighteen started. Two Hundred and Twenty Yards Handicap Hurdles (over six hardies, 3 ft. 6 in.).—G. Stuart, suit of clothes; G. Hibbert, £1 Is. Nine started. Ladies' Blindfold Race.—Miss Fox, silver locket, value 25s.; Miss Lee, pair kid gloves. Six started. Running High Jump.—6. Stuart, who jumped 4 ft. 5 in, set of gold studs; A. Way, who jumped 4 ft. 4 in., 10s. 6d. Five started. Sack Race, 50 Yards.—Adams, £2 2s.; Foreman, three game fowls. Fourteen started. One Hundred Yards Race (Heats).—Northage, £4 4s.; Hibbard, £2 2s. Fifteen started. One Mile Handicap.—J. Wright (scratch) and J. Spicer (26 yards) dead heat, £5 5s. Twenty started. One Hundred Yards, for Boys, Handicap.—A. Conrad, ten yards, suit clothes, £3 3s.; J. H. Reid, five yards, pair boots, £1 Is. Ten started. Three-legged Race, 100 Yards. — Conrad Brothers, £2 2s.; Dick and Cosgrove, 15s. Eight couple started. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Handicap, for Master Butchers.—S. Conrad, four yards, one ton of salt, £5 5s.; B. Stevens, five yards, one new hat, £1 Is. Eight started. One Mile Walking Handicap.—J. Wright, scratch, £5 5s.; W. .Wiggins, 50 yards, watch, £2 10s. Nine started. Tug-of-War, six a side, best two in three.— Giles & Co.. first two. Bgg-and- Spoon Race, 1C0 Yards.—B. Stevens, £1 10s.; Goldsworthy, 15s. Fifteen started. Bicycle Race, abont Two Miles.—1st, J. P. Jones, £3 3s.; 2nd, J. Tilsley; 3rd, Silitoe ; 4th, W. Tyler; Lapthorn nowhere. A splendid race. THEATBH ROYAL.—The opera >f " Der Freischutz" was repeated at the TheatreJRoyal on Thursday evening before a not over-large audience. The performers filled their parts most ably, the singing of Madame Rose Hersee, Miss Elsa May, and Mr. Beaumont being specially admired. To-night the " Bohemian Girl" will be again played. GLENELG LITE BABY ASSOCIATION.—The members of the above Society held the closing meeting of the seventh session last evening at the Institute Hall. There was a large attendance, and the entertainment was very successful. The President (the Bev. C. Manthorpe) occupied the chair, and deliveced an opening address, in which he gave some interesting particulars of the progress of the Association, An overture on the piano, " Andante and rondo capriccioso" (by Mendelssohn), was skilfully played by Mr. E. S. Hall. Mr. Oelmann contributed to the pleasure of the meeting by singing " Smile, and bid me live" and *• I seek for thee in every flower." Mrs. T. H. Jones sang " Tacea la notte placida," which was pleasingly rendered. She also took part in a duet with Miss Yandepeer, entitled "Your pardon, seigneurs," which, being deservedly encored, was followed by a duet" I heard a voice." Miss Vandepeer also sang Alas ! those chimes," and Miss Vandepeer and Mr. W. H. Hall the well-known duet "The sailor sighs." The following members of the Association gave recitations —Mr. J. J. Virgo, "Henry V. before Agincouit;" Mr. J. Nicholson, " Going Fishing," and being encored responded with the " Three Countrymen;" Mr. W. Storrie recited " Lord Chatham's Address." The entertainment concluded with the laughable farce of " Box and Cox," the different characters in which were admirably rendered by C. E. Manthorpe, J. Hooper, and W. T. Stacey. KENSINGTON FOOTBALL CLTJB.—The first annual dinner in connection with the Kensington Football Club took place in the Norwood Town Hall on Thursday evening, November 4. There was a large gathering, and the local Mayor (Mr. D. Packham, J.P.} presided. The usual loyal toasts having - been duly honoured, Mr. A Lucas proposed the toast of " The Mayor end CvwiUvis tf gensingtcq qnd Notwvod," to which the Chairman and Councillor Threlfall responded. Mr Hiram W. Varley then proposed "The South Australian Football Association," and Mr. Stiffe, formerly of the Geelong Club, responded. The toast of "Tbe Kensington Football Club" was eulogistically proposed by the Chairman, who said that from his personal observations he believed there was not a club in the colony superior for running and kicking. Mr. Phillips having responded, Mr. Sydney Bleechmore proposed "The Premier and Kindred Football Clubs." He said there could be no doubt that " the Norwoods" was the premier club. They had done a great deal to advance the game here, and the team could now compare very favourably with the Melbournes, although he was sorry to gay that the latter could still beat them. Mr. George Dean, on behalf of the Kensingtons, and Mr. J. E. Woods, for the Norwoods, responded. Mr. Peter Wood proposed "The Kensington Cricket Club," and Mr. J. Hardy, one of the largest scorers, responded. Other toasts followed, and the proceedings were varied with songs and recitations. The speeches were remarkably brief, and the affair was of the most convivial description. We understand that the Kensingtons have in the Association matches won 4, drawn 3, and lost 4 matches, kicked 15 goals and had 14 kicked against them, and stand fourth on the list. In outside matches they have kicked 31 goals and had only one kicked against them. FLORAL AND ABT EXHIBITION.—The second annual Floral and Art Exhibition in connection with the Sunday-school of All Saints' Church, Hindmarsb, tosk place on Thursday, November 4. Consequent on alterations going on at the Institute the hall could not be obtained, but the Trustees of the Congregational Church kindly offered the use of the spacious schoolroom, which was accepted. The room was tastefully decorated with festoons, wreaths, mottoes, and the _ handsome school banner. A centre and side tables were well filled with floral and other exhibits. The present being such a propitious season the show of bouquets and cut flowers was exceedingly good. The special aim of tbe committee in fostering a taste for floriculture and for useful and fancy work was heartily responded to by the large number of juvenile exhibitors. Special mention is due of Mr. William Brooker, of Hindmarsh, a practical floriculturist, who not only places the products of his garden at the disposal of the children, but also gives the children practical advice during tbe maturing of the plants. Tbe exhibition of plain and fancy needlework by young girls was very creditable. Several pictures lent by residents enlivened the scene, and a humorous pencil sketch by Mr. Chittleborougb, sen., caused many a hearty laugh. During the evening the room was inconveniently crowded by visitors. The St. Augustine's drum and fife tend from Unley, under the leadership of Mr. F. Bourn, played a selection of tunes outside the room, and several ladies respectively played on a piano in the room, lent by Mr. W. H. Taylor. The indefatigable Honorary Secretary (Mr. Joseph Reed) is to be congratulated on the success attending his efforts. Subjoined is a list of the prize-takers:— Plants grown in pots or boxes by members over twelve. Judges—Messrs. Sewell and Brooker. Annie Beid 10 prizes, Frank Willis 5, Sarah Bridger 4, M. A. Strudwicke 1, C. Harley 1, Clara Stearne 2, Alice Stearne 1, A. Chesterman 3, W. Bradley 1, A. Chittleborough 4, P. Chittleborough 2, T. Horsfall 2, L. Pell 1, W. Foreman 1, B. Eardley 1, F. Dench 2. Under 12 years—W. King 8 prizes, M. Ottway 2, M. Jahnn 5, A. Horsfall 5, D. Newman 1, G. Fisher 1,E. Ottway 3, E. Jeffrey 4, M. Jarvis 2, W. Ottway 3, E. Thornton 1, H. Dunne 2, W. Beed 2, W. Taylor 1. Cut flowers, for members above 12 years. Judges, same as pot plants.—J. Jarvis 2, F. Dench 3, E. Eardley 4, W. Bradley 10, A. Beid 1, B. Stearne 1, H. Hay 1, F. Batty 1. Under 12—E. Ottway 1, F. Eardley 2, M. Ottway 8, W. King 2, W. Beid 1, M. A. Strudwicke 1. Bouquets, designs, &c.;, for members over 12, S. Bridger 3, N. Hay 1, F. Dunne 2, E. Holbrook 1, W. Bradley 1, A. Beed 2, F. Dench 2, E. Eardley 1. Under 12 — N. Beed 2, M. Newman 1, E. Dorsett 3, P. Chittleborough 1, M. A. Strudwicke 1, M. Jahnn 2, A. Hay 1, E. Stearne 1, H. Pollitt 1, E. Fisher 1, H. Dunne 1. Works of art, &c.; (Judges—Mrs. B. Taylor and Miss Winter), for members over 12 years—L. Tolley 1, S. Johnson 2, A. Chesterman 4, H. Thornton 2, Matilda Foreman 2, F. Dench 3, N. Hay 1, F. Dnnne 3, N. Dyson 2, N. Holloway 1, E. Holbrook 1, Alice Stearne 1, N. Brown 1, E. Eardley 2, O. Stearne 3, B. Stearne 1. L. Pell 1, F. Wing 2, W. Newman 2, F. Batty 1; do., under 12—D. Newman 5, Annie Hay 2, E. Dorsett 4, M. Ottway 3, W. Taylor 2, N. Reid 2, E. Minson 1, E. Stearne 2, E. Thornton 1, S. Eardley 1, E. Fisher 3, A. Holloway 1, E. Donne 2, E. Batty 1, J. Newman 3, M. Newman 2, O. Chesterman 2, P. Chittleborough 2, Godfrey Taylor 1, Shelly Hall 1. WALXEBVILLE JUVENILE FLOBAL SOCIETY.— The third annual flower show and exhibition of works of art at Walkerville was held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Thursday, November 4\. The object of these shows is to purchase prizes for the children attending the Sundayschool, and judging from the continual flow of visitors the committee must be highly satisfied with tbe day's proceedings. Thursday's exhibition fully upheld the prestige attained in former years for the fine display of pot plants and flowers, and also for the handiwork of the children, prominent amongst the latter being some pastry exhibited by Miss Farrow, and picture-frames by Miss Lawton. The following are the prize- takers:—Over twelve years—Caroline Carpenter, Alice, Lilla, and Carry Cox, Emily Pybus, Florence and Helen Bishop, Alice Barker, Ellie Billing, Grace and Clara Cooper, Sarah Davis, Florence Harris, Julia Langford, Mary and Alfred Beynolds, Annie Farrow, Agnes and Clara Leathart, Edith Lawton, Dinah Harris, and Alfred Hadd. Under twelve—Maud and Matthew Cox, Susan and Annie Barker, Percy, Leslie, and Arthur Nicholls, Arthur and Henry K. Cooper, Beatrice Fishlock, Eleanor Farrow, Susan Smith, Willie and Amy Nethway, Agnes Bertram, Lizzie Leathart, JesBie and Lucy Davis, Willie Hudd, and Minnie Billing. PBOFESSOB PBPPEB'S ENTEBTAINHENTS.—On Thursday evening, in accordance with an announcement previously made, Mr. J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc., presented, in behalf of Professor Pepper, a number of prizes to the children attending the schools in the city and suburbs. There was a fair attendance of the general public, and at the suggestion of the Professor Mr. Hartley took the chair. Mr. Hartley said it had afforded him very great pleasure to look through the papers which had been sent in for competition. He had divided tbem into three parts, placing four in each division, and another gentleman had kindly assisted him in the examination. They had decided to award tbe prizes in the following order:— Mary Arnold, Central Model School; Mary A. M. Knight, Mrs. Shuttleworth's school; Bose Fraser, Central Model School Alexandra Wyllie, East Adelaide Model School; Sophia Adams aBd Elsie Roach, Mrs. Shuttleworth's school. Hon. mentions—Florence Jeffery, Central Model School; Edner E.Comter and Edith H. Trevener, Mrs. Shuttleworth's school; P. Whitby, North Adelaide Grammar School ; and Miss Scammell and Miss Hay. Professor Pepper delivered a short address, in the course of which he remarked that when he looked round the Education Department and perceived the enormous amount of work to which Mr. Hartley had to attend he was really surprised. When he was about to come to these colonies he was told that he would have to bring the most accomplished assistants from London, because the only people they could expect here to help them were persons who could use only a pickaxe and a shovel. (Laughter.) In England—even, he might say, in London—a great deal of ignorance prevailed with regard to the prosperity of the colonies. But that day he had been looking through a great namber of photographs of Adelaide and the suburbs taken by Captain Sweet, and wherever he went he would exhibit these pictures, for he was determined to make his voice heard, and he would tell the people about Australia. (Applause.) But with regard to the examinations, they were of course to be considered of importance because of tbe effect they would have in enouraging tbe rising generation. He was greatly obliged to Mr. Hartley for so kindly presiding on that occasion, and was very pleased at the excellent manner in which the competitors had executed their work. Before sitting down he should like to take that opportunity of thanking Mr. Hartley for taking the chair, and he hoped he wonld live many years to preside over the department the sffairs of which he now so ably administered. Mr. Hartley thanked the Professor for his kind remarks, and expressed himself greatly pleased at the character of the essays and at the attention which they showed the competitors had paid to the lecture. Professor Pepper having distributed the awards, the usual programme was proceeded with. This evening Professor Pepper will repeat the entertainment of the ghosts. THEATBICAL RECITALS IN THE COUKTBT.—We understand that Mr. Allison, of tbe Theatre Royal, has engaged Mr. B. Fairclough to give a series of dramatic recitals in the country districts at an early date. ADELAIDE BENEVOLENT AND STBANGHBS' FB IEND SOCIETY.—The committee of this Society held its usual monthly meeting on Tuesday, November 2, at tbe Church Office, Hon. J. Oolton in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £8 5s, lOd. The sum voted to relieve tbe various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the past montb, amounted to £11 9s. 6d., being to relieve thirty cases. Each member of the committee WES empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. T 