THE ASSEMBLY AND THET FINANCES. Tho discussions which have tuken place upon the Loan Estimates have plainly demonstrated the value of the recommendation of tlie Finance Com mission that particulars of tho proposed outlay for the year should be submitted to the House of Assembly. The Govern ment evidently expected that the linos* would be passed almost without discussion; but it is fortunately the case that there are in the present Houao several members who are inclined to watch the expenditure very narrowly ; and who are not afraid of the labour which is imposed upon them by the conscientious discharge of their duties. Hence on some [lines questions were raised which aro not, indeed, new, but which it has not been possible hereto fore to discuss at times when any practical good could bo accomplished. One such was raised by Mr, Fowler on Thursday. We refer to the power of tho Government to use any surplus of money raised for a particular undertaking for work which was not actually contemplated when the Bill was passed. Of coursa it is next to impossible to calculate with exact accuracy the Bum required to cooipleta any given undertaking, because, although tho Estimates may be prepared with very great care, there is always an uncertainty as to the exact amount which will b3 netted by the sale of the bonds. When ihere has been an under-estimato ? tho matter must of course bo brought before the House, because authority has to bo obtained to raise the additional sum re quired. When there is an over-estimate the case is otherwise. Ministers having a surplus in hand may be tempted to spend it on works not contemplated or autho rized when the Act was passed. This point waB urged by Mr. Fowler with a good deal of forco yesterday, and the Treasurer promised that next year the Loan Estimates should bo prepared so as to show what items came under the class to ?which we have just referred. Whilo the expenditure for railways was under discussion anothor question was also raised. Several mombers were anxious to know what dogreo of responsibility would attach to the Govern ment if any accident occurred on the part of the Port Augusta line where Ibe defective rails supplied by Hopkins, Gilk.es, & Co. are laid down. To this ijucstion tho Attorney- General replied with a becoming measure of caution and reserve. Later on in Committee of S apply a long discussion was again started about the Agent-General, on a motion by Mr. West Erskine that the item for the salary of that official should be struck out. Of course the hon. gentleman had no expec tation from tho first that his proposal would be endorsed by the House, and we are inclined to think it was a mistake to start the discussion in the manner adopted by him. It is indeed perfectly legiti mate when any item for salaries is under sonsideration to discuss the merits of the officers to whom the salaries are to bo paid. But there are two or three reasons ivby it is very undesirable tbat the merits -ji demerits of the Agent-General should be debated in a casual w&y;, and without proper notice being given. One is that he is absent from the colony, and common justice seems, therefore, to demand that ao unfair advantage should be taken ; and mother is that, as ho is the representative of the colony, anything which may be supposed to be his discredit reflects in some degree upon the colony also. Of course it is the bounden duty of the Government to defend their officer, and ia fairness to them they should have some notice when any attack is to be made. But there are other j-easons why, in our judgment, the debate |vhich took place on Thursday is to be regretted. Mr. West Erakine, we believe, was actuated by thoroughly conscientious motives in the very unpleasant task which he undertook, but it is unfortunate that when he con demns any one there ia always— unin- tentionally, no doubt — an appearance of personal spite in his tone and manner. The most unfortunate part of the discus sion was, nevertheless, the line of defence assumed by the friends of the Agent General, as they fairly laid themselves open to the retort that they were speaking as friends, and not as independent judge* The Agent-General has had what may bo called a run of bad luck. During hi* tenure of [office one of our loans was floated at a very low price*; another was successful largely in spite of. his calcula tions and recommendations ; and the un fortunate Hopkins, Gilkea, & Co. affair -i^a occurred. There is, however, nothing to show that these things might not have Lappened if any one else had held the office instead of Sir A. Elyth ; and in any case, when the Agent General's honesty and integrity of purpose are undoubted, it is manifestly undesirable that a change tfcould be made, unless it can be shown that the colony is likely to be advantaged Ly it. In the Supplementary Estimates two items were struck out. The one wa3 the i 1,000 for the purchase of pictures for the Institute. This was done, however, i n the understanding that a larger amount would be inserted for the purchase of pictures for the South Australian Art Gallery. The present is a most fortunate time for spending money for this purpose, and the pictures which have been selected for purchase (at the Melbourne Exhibition, if authority is given for the purpose, are spoken of by those competent to form a judgment as worthy of a place in an Art Gallery in South Australia. It is to be regretted that the sum placed on the Estimates for Sir B. R. Torrens was struck out ; or, rather, it is to be regretted that the pro posal was ever submitted to Parlia ment if there wa3 no likelihood of its being carried. That the ser vices rendered to the colony by Sir It. R. Torrens are entitle! to recognition we think most persona will be prepared to admit, though there may be a great difference of opinion as to the form which that recognition should take. The Government were mo3t unfortunate in the plan they adopted of bringing the subject under the consideration of Parlia ment, and we believe the non-success of their proposal i3 largely due to this cir cumstance. It is certainly a great pity that the Assembly of Sonth Australia should by a decided majority declare that the author of the Real Property Act 13 entitled to no special recognition at their hands. If such a result was capable ofg being foreseen it would have been better not to have propped the vote atalL The Qcabterly Retckss op Births axd Deaths. — During the quarter ending September 30, 2,824 births and 931 deatha were registered in the province against 2,»J8G births and 733 deaths in the corresponding quarter of 1879. In other words, the deaths have increased 218Jand the births 138 in the pariod named. The population, meanwhile, ha-* teen increased by 10,304. The exce3a of births over deaths i3 1,873, and the annual birth-rate for every 1,000 of the people is 42 *G0. So far as the births are concerned they exceed the average of the last five years by 499, which must be regarded as eminently satisfactory, the more so &a; the rate per cent, to the population is also higher than in any year since 1875. The deaths also] show the marked in crease of 177 over the average of the six years past. As usual, the young contri buted largely to the rate of mortality, nearly a hundred of the entire deaths during the quarter being among children under one year old. The death rate has not been so high since 1876. In that year it was *430, against '353 in thi3, ;dthough the average rate for the paat five years is not far short of that of the present year, being aa high as -338. The chief cause of the advanced rate of mortality during the quarter has been the pre valence of bronchitis, which carried off 1GS persons. Fewer deaths have been registered under the head of ' atrophy and debility,' owing probably to the attention of ibe medical profesaion having been called to the extreme carelessness, to Bay the! least, of classing many well defined causes under that one gonsral heading. The number of violent deatha has been unusually high, being a total of £»7, against the average of 43 in the previous five years. Two cases of suicide occurred. Eleven cases of drowning are proof that sufficient care is not exercised in protecting waterhole3, wells, and other dangerous places. Four deaths are reported from the incautious use of firearms, and altnough classed as the result of accident, should, we think, be set down to gross and inexplicable care lessness. 'When will poople learn not to point firearms without knowing whether they are loaded or not? Phthisis has also been a fruitful source of death, having carried off eighty-one persons. Pneumonia has been fatal in forty-six cases. Under the general class of dis orders due to miasmatic influences 135 deaths occurred, the principal of which were from scarlatina, diphtheria, and croup. It may be worthy of remark that although the birth-rate has been so high, some few places showed a decline in the number of birth3, notably Port Adelaide, Daly, and Grey. Abbtvax of thk Mail Stbaubr at Attuvt. — The B.M.S. Malwa was signalled from King George's Sound at 11 a.m. (Perth time) yester day, having left Galle on October 1. She brings English new» to September 10, a telegraphic summary of which will bo found in. the usual columns. The Sbuafho rb Bail wat.— Messrs. Bo wer and Hart, SLP.'s, have been informed by the Com missioner of Public Works that he will have two carriages made at once for the Semaphore Hallway on the principle of the Glenelg car riages, by which passengers can enter them witbeut the assistance of platforms. The Cczco.— We are informed by Messrs. J. Stilling k Go. that the Gazoo passed Breaksea Island at 10 a.m. on Thursday, having made the distance from the Semaphore anchorage in the unusually short time of sixty-five hoars. Tbistlh Islajto.— The Marine Board re ceived a telegram from the Head-keeper of the Gape Borda Lighthouse on Tharsday, October 14, stating that a large fire had been observed on Thistle Island that day. Ohwsb at thh Nohtekbs Theritobt.— The Minister of Education has received the fol lowing telegram from Me G. S. Mcttinn, Aotirg Government Kesident&t; Pott Darwin: — 'S.s. Menmuir arrived, bringing 427 Chinese; a.s. Heath arrived, bringing 368 Chinese.' ThbGbjhutax. Srrrntas. — These sittings were continued on Thursday, OeUber 14, by His Honor Mr. Joatiee Boacaut. William Kimble was convicted of indecently assaulting a child ?cf seven [years, «nd of committing 'an act of Iewdsew. A oomdative sentence of four years was passed on him, and he was ordered to be lashed once. Harriot Levi Began was charged with stealing from the person, acd acquitted. The case of embezzlement charged against James Ross Laughton will be heard to-day. DiscovHRjr of Geasith.— We hive been shown by Mr. W. MdCinn some very fine red granite, which has recently bees 'discovered n«*r Port Victor by Messrs. Carrie t Findley Grey granite exists in many puts of Australia, but this is said to he the first time that the red stone has been discovered in any of these colonies. A large quantity .of it has been dis covered, and u soon &s; meant are provided steps will be taken to get the atone. Pane a Doi»a Bblhut Fcxd.— Mr. G. Cracker Smith's concert in aid of this land will take place in the Port Town Hill oa Staesday night, October 10, for which date a number of goad amateur vocalists have rehearsed a capital pro gramme. The usual entertainment for seamen at the Sallon* Home his been consequently postponed. Mr. Hore will give a Btondln per formance at Portland Estate to-night, tha pro ceed! of which, he informs a?, fee intends girtag to the f and. | Thh Aobxt-Gexbkix. — There was quite a stormy debate in the House of Assembly on Thursday on the snbject of the Agent-General (Sir. Arthur Blyth). It began by Mr. West Erskine proposing to strike the Agent-General's salary of £1,500 off the Estimates ; bat during the course of the speeches made so many per- i sonalities were indulged in and so tn*oy hard words were uttered that the discussion as a ; whole may be described as the most acrimonious ; of the session. The Treasurer at first affected \ to ridicule Mr. West-Erskine'i motion as - oue of those grim jokes which the ban. member for Encounter Bay occasionally indulges in ;' bat ' Mr. 'VVeat-Erekine showed his earnestness by j pointing out some of what he was ple&sad; ' to term 'the stupid blunders' of the Agent- j General, and by affirming that it wu time the j Government did away with such an ornamental j man, and that it would pay them to do so even if they compensated him to the tune of £20,000. Mr. Peacock now entered the lists in behalf of Sir Arthur, and charged Mr. Weat-Erskine with a want of manliness and with being actuated by personal malice. He challenged the hon. member to table a direct motion of want of con fidence in Sir Arthur Biyh, bat he prophesied the ignomicous defeat of any such motion. Un deterred by this strong language, Mr. Oavenagh stepped into the breach, and boldly declared that though personal f eeling in the House was strongly in favour of Sir Arthur Birth, the country generally had been against him since he had bungled the loans and allowed thousands of tons of defective railway iron to be foisted on South Australia. Mr. Boss, though a member of the Government who appointed Sir Arthur, said he had ' sacrificed the interests of the colony to a larger extent than mist persons imagined,**; ard that Mr. West-Erskine had shown manly courage in what he had done in the face of so many personal frienda of the Agent-General. The Commissioner of Pablic Works described Mr. Boss's speech as one of tha most extraordinary ever made in the House, and the Hon. J. Col ton expressively remarked that he was perfectly ' taken aback' at tha statement of his former colleague. He declared his belief that the Agent- General's mistakes had been comparatively small, but his statement was greeted with very loud cries of ' No.' Mr. Hare then favoured the House with a recital of his experiences of the ' ruddy boy Arthur Blyth and his brother Neville' forty years ago, and then, turning round to hon. members and doing despite to the rules of debate by addressing them collectively, he said, ' and they -worked oat their career since then in a. manner that should serve as an example to you yousg men!' Mr. Boss and the AttorneyGene ral afterwards had a duel of words, during which Mr. Bundey triumphantly asserted that his veracity was equal to that of the hon. member, who had been guilty of measuring other people's corn in his own bushel. Mr. Stokes essayed the role of the peacemaker, and suggested that hon. members were on the wrong track. They finally got back again to the line on the Estimates, and passed the Agent- General's salary just as if the bitter things against him had never been uttered. ' Masks Boasd. — The Board held its usual weekly meeting on Thursday morning, October 14\. The Treasurer approved of the renewal of 230 feet of wharfage at Hawker's Creek, fronting the Government Dockyard, at a cost of £1,200. A circular will bo addressed to shipmasters trading hi Spencer's Gulf, inviting information on the subject of the best sites for leading lights, between Tipara and Port Augusta. TLe Government intend making the Sec retary a substantial token of their appre ciation of his arduous labours connected with the preparation of the new Marine Board Bill, undertaken apart from his office work. An application from Mr. Hart, of Edithburgh, for an extension of the jetty tramway has been de clined, but the Government gave him permis sion to make it. Deepening returns for the month of September were read. There are four dredgers at work, of which three are employed at Port Adelaide, and one at Pott Pirie. Gf .'those at Port Adelaide No. 2 is engaged, above Jervois Bridge, cutting an entrance to the Corporation Wharf, the Wil lunga is deepening the entrance to tha Com pany's Basin for the Port Dock Company, and the Wallaroo is removing ridges in the stream a little further down the river. The hopper barges are not able to keep the Wallaroo going. No. 4 Drege at Port Pirie is working at the outer end of the bar, cutting a channel on the east side of 150 feet wide. Spoorjdredging is being done by contract at Ports Wakefield and Adelaide, that at the latter-named place being under Jervois Bridge. The Presideut said two hoppers without steam would be re quired to wait on No. 6 Dredge, which is approaching completion at the Govern ment; Dockyard for Port Augusta. As it wag '.he Superintendent's opinion, as well as the President's, that the dredger could have been imported from home, the contractors giving delivery, fur half the cost of making her here, it was decided to recommend the Govern ment to send.tbe order home for the hoppers, to be delivered in sections. The Adelaide Marine Insurance Company osked for an enquiry into the cause of the stranding of the barque Alex andra, which took place near Port Pirie. The vessel bad been abandoned to and declined by the underwriters. The Board, having the evi dence before them in the prelimiuary enquiry held by the Harbour Master, siw no case on which to proceed against the master, and coald cot entertain the application. The Sobata ENQcmY. — The subject of tha date of this enquiry has been again touched uron by the Marine Board. Captain Smith still manifests an anxiety to have the time fixed for hearing the charge which has been tramea against tne master, dui, as on me previous occasion when he brought the matter under notice, there wu no information forthcoming of a satisfactory character to him. Mr. Glyde mentioned that he had seen Captain Fowler, who hoped that the vessel would be got off in three weeks hence, and had an idea that she would be Coated by that time. His wish was, therefore, that the Board would take no action meanwhile. The subject dropped at this stage.™ Gahjtbk's Thbathb.— There was a good at tendance on Thursday night to witness Pro fessor Pepper's 'Ghost' entettainment. The exhibition of statuary drew forth well- merited applause. This evening is the last of the present programme, a complete change being announced for Saturday. Cobceet m THB Town Haxx. — The grand vecal and instrumental concert held at the Town Hall last evening in aid of the funds of the Adelaide Amateur Bowing Olub, although very satisfactory in so far as the performance went, was unsatisfactory in regard to -the atten dances, although we believe those pre sent did net represent by any means the number of tickets sold for the concert. The meagre attendance is to be regretted, how ever, as - neither complimentary to the per* formers nor calculated to put them in good heart for a proper display of their powers of song. The overture to the first and second part of the concert was given by Mr. Oughton on the organ in his usual happy style, as well as in the nocturne and transcription for the organ and piano, in which he was ac companied by Mr. Knox. The pianists. Miss D. Lindstrom and Mr. W. B. Koox, acquitted themselves to the general satisfaction, and materially helped towards the success of the entertainment. The German, or, as they term themselves, the Adelaide Doutacber Quartette Yerein, contributed their quota in a part-song and a chorigesang, which in both instances elicited rapturous encores. They also appeared at the Jinale, and .gave a German drinking song in place of the duet arranged for Mies Peters and Mr. G. H. Nash, who for some reason, omitted this part of the programme. Of the vocalists all were in such good voice that it would be difficult to award the palm. Of the songs of the ladies we preferred the aria from 'Faust,' 'Gentle flowers in the dew,' by Miss Peters, and 'The little mountain lad,' by Miss Minna Fischer, to the other two pieces which they rendered. The male songsters were in good voice, but apparently did not think it an essential part of singing to enunciate their words distinctly, and in consequence there was no meaning in any of the songs they rendered, which, so far as the audience were concerned, unless familiar with the song, might have been in doable Dutch or Chinese. Whilst in a critical mood, we may draw atten tion to the unmannerly practice which prevails of people leaving the room before the concert is over; not only annoying those who remain, but seriously discomposing the performers. Such a practice mars the entire success of any enter tainment, and should not he tolerated. It certainly would not be allowed in any city of the old world. Fatal Acciekwt to a Chiid.— The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at tha Old Colonist Inn, Aegis-street, on Thursday afternoon, October 14, on the body of the infant child of Minnie Bryee, who was found dead in a cesspit at the back of a cottage in Chancery- lane, off AngnMtreet, the previous evening. Mr. Henry L. Da Kiea.wss chosen foreman of the Jury. The evidence showed that the child was last seen alive by its mother about 5 o'clock playing on the back doorstep of a neighbouring boose. He was shortly after wards missed, and although search was made he was not discovered far three hoars, ?when he was found in a cesspit at ihe back of an empty cottage belonging to Mr. Jones, Wakefield-street. Dr. Terco was setti for, but the child was dead on his arrival. The doctor, who made an external examination of the body, said the cause of death waa suffoca tion, tne result of immersion hi a cesspit. There was no fastening on the door of the closet, which was full of soil. The Jury re turned a verdict that the cause of death was suffocation br accidentally falling into a water closet, and added a* » rider that they wished the Coroner to cv.U the attention of the authorities to the cesjp;*, m order that it might be emptied at once. Thb Fhoposed Pkxsiox to Sub S. R. Tobrsss. i The members of the House of Assembly on Thursday rejected the Government proposal to | grant a sum ot £5,000 to Sir R. B. Torrens in j recognition of bis public services to this colony, j The Opposition to the vote was led by Mr. Bray ' and the Hou. L. Gljde, who poiuted out that Sir ! It. K. Torrecs was not in need of the money, as ? was shown by the recent charge made by a game- ! keeper of his against some one trespassing on bia ] property in England, and by his connection with j several dividend-paying Companies in London. : On a division beicg taken, fourteen vetef were given against the grant and six for it, the only member who voted with the Ministry being Mr. West-Erskice, who is not generally found sup porting them. r asd Sales fob Seftbxskb. — Theland sale re ceipts during the month of September amounted to £32,536 2s. Id., showing an increase of £3,992 over the tales in the cirrespoadiug month in 1S79. The newly opened country lands show an immense increase. Whilst 17,893 acres were selected in September, 1879. thu yeax 50,6-13 acres, of the value of £67,110. were selected, and tha first instalment of the purchase ? money paid into the Treasury. The cash sales also show an in crease, the figures being 821 acres last month against 404 in 1879. The toUl number of acres sold on credit was 58,831, of which 50,643 acres were newly opened up land, 604 acres were forfeited lands again offered and selected, 5,439 acres were lands that had passed the hammer, and 145 acres were told by public auction. For these aer*s £73,448 17s. Scl. wts realized— that is, the purchasers have contracted for the piyment of this sum. The month's payments comprise tne ; following items: — Completion of pan-base ot 11,2411 acres, under Act 14 of 186*3-9, &i;, £14,208 17s. 6d. ; payment of one-quarter pur chase-money, £277 3s. 8d. ; payment of half pur chase-money, under clause 22 of Act 18 of 1372, £3,465 13s 9d.; payment of portion of purchase money, £562 12s. ; second instalment of interest. £2,129 15s. 4d. ; extension of credit for three fourths of purchase- money, under cUuse 1 of Act 4 of 1869-70, £344 0». 5d.; extension of credit for half of purchase-money, under clause 22 of Act 18 of 1872, £575 9a. 5 J. ; interest on overdue amount}, £155 4s. 6d. The principal selections daring the month have been in the Hundred of Esrilpa, County ot Granville, in which 20,022 acres of the 50,613 newly opened lands were included. The Hun dreds of Oavenagh, Wonna, and Tipara coma next on the list. During the mouth 647 acrei were sold by private contract, the principal of which were in the Hundred of Waurslee, the price realized being £1 per acre. Thb Natiohal Aet Gaixbbt.— la the Supplementary Estimates the Government had placed the sum of £1,000 for the ' purchase of pictures for tha South Australian Institute,' and when this item was called on a lively debate took place, not only in reference tt the amount, but also in regard to the statement in the newspapers that the Board of Governors ot the South Australian Institute bad appointed a committee to inspect the pictures which were said to have been selected by Mr. James Smith and purchased 'for the South. Australian Institute.' The Minister of Educa tion said that tbe pictures had not been pur chased, but that Mr. James Smith had merely secured the pre-emptive right to purchase them for the South Australian Art Gallery in the event of the money being voted by Parlia ment. As to the Board who had been deputed to examine the pictures, the Government knew nothing. The Hon. L. Glyde said ths Board had been asked to act by the Governors of the Institute. Mr. West-Erskine, who moved the original motion in favour of purchasing tbe pictures, said he did bo for a national gallery, and not for the Sonth Australian Institute. After a debate, during which an opinion was expressed in favour of spending more than £1,000 at such a favourable time as the present, vthile the Melbourne International Exhibition is open, the item was struck out, on the understanding that tbe Government will bring down a message from the Governor in favour of a larger amount (not to exceed £2,000) for the purchase of pictures', not for the So ith Australian Institute, but for ' the South Aui tralian Art Gallery.' Thb Boothbt Ekqu by. — In reference to a paragraph which appe ired in the Register of Thursday, with regard to the report of the Board of Enquiry nto the conduct of the Under -Secretary, we may state that the information did not reach us through any member of the Government nor through aDy of their officers. A copy of tha printed charges upon which the enquiry was made reached a gentleman con nected with this office through a member of the Board. The Commissioner understood tbat it was confidentially supplied, aiuiougu, we ] regret to say, that was not understood in this ; office. We were not aware at the time \ tbat the Board was appointed by the Go ; vercor in Council, but were under the im- j pression that it was a Ministerial appointment, j Had we known this fact we should not have j published the information in the form we did, . as in the case of Commissions appointed by His Excellency it is only right tbat tbe report should be in the hands oE the j Governor before being made public property, i For this reason we are sorry that we published | more than the general results of the enquiry, which we were already in a position to publish ; before receiving the charges in fulL 1 Thh P. & O. Mail Sebvicb.— We notice ia a number of tha Times received by the Orient the report of a deputation which waited upon the Marquis of Hartington to present a memorial in reference to the Indian miil service. Tbe object of the interview was to urge tbat arrangements might be made by which the Indian mails should arrive suf ficiently early in the. week to allow replies to be sent by the outgoing steamers on Fridays. As this question involves the alteration of the Aus tralian time-table, and representations have been made by the Government of this colony with a view of securing a change in the plan by which our mkils now leave on Sundays, the Agent General for South Anstralia attended. .Lord Hartington gave a favourable reply, and cou c'uded his speech as follows : — 'I will not lose a moment's time in placing the matter under the consideration of the Government of ludio, and impressing upon them to give me their opinion with the least possible delay ; and I trust it may be in our power to meet what ap pears to be the unanimous wishes of the com mercial community of the country.' Titai. Statistics. — Tha number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, October 9, were:— Births — 76 males, 63 females; deaths —22 males, 16 females; total— 139 births, 33 deaths; excess of births, 101. The numbers registered in the District of Adelaide were as follows: — Births — 25 males, 25 females; deaths — 8;males, 10 females; total- 50 births, 18' deaths ; excess of births, 32. PBntmvB Methodhjl— The first Teachers' Conference in connection with the Port Adelaide Primitive Methodist Sunday-school Union was held in the Bosewater Chapel on Monday even ing, October 11. A social tea was provided, of which about fifty partook. Tea being over, Mr. Zeitz, of Queecstown, was voted to the chair. A paper was read by the Bev. S. Baymond on 'The Mission of Sunday- schools/' and several teachers took part in the discussion which followed. Thb Bohemia* Chicket Club.— The first meeting of the members of the Bohemian Cricket Club was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Wednesday night. There was a fair attendance, aad a considerable amount cf business was transacted. The following officers were elected : — Chairman, Mr. J. S. Fleming ; Vice- Chainnen, Messrs. J. Opey and F. T. Bobertson; Treasurer, Mr. W. B. G. Shackle; Secretary, Mr. D. J. D. Beresford ; Committee, Messrs. A. 0. Johnson, W. T. D. Clindening, Bobert Bagot, and H. T. Melville. There are already thirty members, and great interest is being manifested in the movement. The club, besides being formed for the purposes of cricket, is also a Social and Lite rary Society. Suddis Death. — Tbe Coroner having made enquiries into tbe death of James McGillop, painter, who died suddenly near the Bell Inn, Gilbert-street, on Wednesday evening, October 12, and having obtained a certificate from Dr. Ward as to the cause of death, did not think an inquest necessary. Thh Fatal Oeickbt Accidkht.— The funeral of the son of the ftev. J. Gillingham, acciden tally killed by a cricket ball at Strathalbyn, took place on Wednesday afternoon, October 13, when a large procession followed tbe body to the grave. There were between 200 and 300 (boys axd girl*) pupils of Mr. W. J. Kennedy, who walked in procession four abreast. At the plare of interment theBevs. Casely. Henderson, and Lyail each took part in the funeral cere mony, at the conclusion of which about a hundred bouquets were thrown into the grave, as so many mementoes of affection. Seldom has the sympathy en any similar occasion at Strathalbyn been so general and heartfelt MOBPHBTT-STBEBT OvKBWAX BbIQOB. — A public meeting will be held at the Town Hall this evening-, pursuant to a resolution of the City Council passed at a meeting held on October 4, for the purpose of determining what further steps should be taken to protect the interests of tbe citizens with referenoe to the above bridge. South Pabx Football Cjxb.— The annual dinner in connection with this dub will be held at the Town Hall Exch&Bge-rooia; this evening Thb Estimates axd Excesses ox Votks. — i The Assembly did a big stroke of financial business on ThursJay, when they pissed the whole of the Loan Estimates, amounting to £1,391,350 15s. lOd. (except £41,422 16s. 8d. for the Northern Territory, which was postponed) ; the balance of the Estimates-in- chicf, the total of which is £1,451,030 Ss. lid. ; the whole of the j excesses on votes, which amount in the aggro- j gate to £72,721 17s. ; and tbe Supplementary ! Estimates for £39,347 14s., less the £-5,000 grant \ to Sir B. R. Torrens, which was negatived, anl ? the £1,000 for pictures for a National Art i Gallery, which is to be reintroJaced next Tues- ? day. j Woodek Schools— When the Loin Esti- ; mates weie under consideration in the Home of : Assembly on Thursday a good deal of oppositian was shown to tne proposal of the Government to ? erect twenty-one school buildings of woo J, : out cf a total of forty-nice to be put up j during the year. The Minister of Education j (Mr. King) took credit for the idea of having wooden buildings, which, he said, if cirried oat, woald lead to a great saving of public money, as the wooden buildings would only cost ou tha avenge about £440, as against £800 oi £900 for btone buildings. The wooden schoolhooses are made In Adelaide, and then carted to their des tination, and are to be used only ia districts wbere the population is sm»ll and uncertain. Thb South Australia* Isaiirora.— At tha annn.l meeting of the members of the Institute, held on Thursday evening, Mr. A. Abrahams drew attention to the pictures now being selected in Melbourne to form the nucleus of an Art Gallery, and expressed a hope that the wealthy men of this colony would direct their attention to the remarks made by His Excellency the Governor on the occasion of the U j ing of the foundation of tha new Institute, and contribute towards the es tablishment in South Australia of a National Galltry. During the course of seme further remarks he mentioned that h-j regretted that they who had made the selection ia Mel bourne had not obtained any paintings of animals. Pictures such as these were always prized and loved by the English people, and there was at present only one of the kind in the colony. Is was stated in the course of the pro ceedings thit negotiations were now being carried on with regard to obtaining misters for the School of Painting and the School of Design. In answer to a question by the Hon. L. Glide, tbe Chairman said be thought it was very pro bable that their next annual meeting would be held in the new building. A Pecitijar Qoestiom ix Paeliambnt.— A question illustrating the fact that hon. members are not always kept posted up in the works carried out in their district was asked by Mr. Bean in the Home of Assembly on Thursday, and tbe reply of the Commissioner elicited some merriment at the expense of the hon. member. Mr. Bean asked— 'When will the water-supply be extended to Ballantyne-streer, Wast The barton?' The form of reply was — 'The main was laid on the 29th September; the water waa turned-on on the 1st October' — the Commis sioner of Public Works (Mr. Hawker) adding that it was evident Mr. Beau's constituents w^re cot water drinkers. Death of Mr. Henry Kent Hughes.— We regret to have to announce the death at Kew, on May 30, of Mr. Henry Kent Hughes, late of Avenel, South Australia. Mr. Hughes was an old colonist, and was for many years a member of the Legislature, first in the House of Assembly and later in the Legislative Council. He was Treasurer in the Strangways Administration of 1869, and took an active part in the manage- ment of several charities, of one of which, the Orphans' Home, he was Treasurer. Many years ago he was in partnership with the late Captain Hart in the milling business at Port Adelaide, and on his leaving the firm he retired from commercial pursuits. Mr. Hughes was for many years one of the Directors of the National Bank, and in partnership with his brother was owner of the Wellington Run and other squatting propertes. j IsQnsT on A 8uiCTBE.— The Oity Coroner | held aa inquest at the Hospital on Thursday morning to ascertain the cause of the death of George Shepherd, a drover, who was found in a bedroom of the Newmarket Hotel on Tuesday evening last with his throat cut. The evidence disclosed that the deceased, who was a man about forty-six years of age, had since his arrival in the colony (some fifteen years a.o) followed the occupation of a drovtr. Like most men of his ciass, he was in the habit of | visiting Adelaide daring certain portions of the j year, and upon these occasions he used to stiy I at the Newmarket Hotel, on North- terrace. i When in the bu*h he was of ste'.dy, sober : titbits, bat during his stays in the city be i fieanectly indulged somewhat excessively in alcoholic drinks, in this instance He araved in town towards the close of September, and for about a fortnight he occasionally left his lodgings in the evening and returned late ac nig lit intoxicated. The landlord of the New market, however, affirmed positively thit he never obtained the liquor ou the pre mises. About six or seven days ago tha landlord noticed that he — always of a very peaceable and reserved disposition— was very low-spirited, and advised him to procure a doctor. This at first he refused to do. but ia the morning of the day upon which the act was committed, as he seemed to be getting worse, he consented, and Dr. Maclntyre wa3 accordingly called in. Uron examination the doctor found that the man was wandering a great deal in his head, end tbat he was suffering from an attack of delirium tremeiis. He prescribed for him, and after taking the medicines the deceased felt better, and got up from the bed on which he was lying and walked about the premises. During the evening, from 7.30 to shortly after 9 o'cIock, he was in the kitchen talking to the servants, and suddenly he asked one of them for a candle, remarking that ha Wis about ta retire for the night. The servant followed him about five minutes afterwards with some bttftea, which tbe deceased took, and sat up in the bed with the ostensible purpose of taking it The servant then left the room, and on returning about fire minutes subsequently she heard screams pro ceeding from the room. Naturally affrighted at the noise, she ran into the bar and called a lodger, who, on opening the door, found the deceased with his hand clasping a knife and uplifted to his throat, from which blood was flowing very fast. The deceased immediately dropped the knife, but he powerfully resisted the steps taken to check the hemorrhage. He was therefore removed to the Hospital, where he died on the followh.£ day from the effects of the exhaustion. The act was committed with a dessertknife taken from a box in the kitchen. Tbe Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased committed suicide daring a fit of temporary insanity. Thb Glabs Chsss Cixb. — The following is the scere to the present date at the Clare Chess Club in the Spring Handicap Tournament. Mr. Hill, the captain, is umpire and referee :— Fibst Clash. W.L. 8ecosi- Class. W.L. Webb ? 1 0 Harry ? 0 2 Tillbrook ? 1 1 Third Class. Eeddie ? 0 1 Bain „. ... _. 1 0 Second Class. Uamper ... ...0 1 Provis ... ... 1 1 Fourth Class. Vlctorsea „. ... 0 1 Lefevre ? 1 0 Leicester ? 1 0 May ? 0 1 Williams ? 0 2 BruJcworth ... 0 0 Bishop ? 2 0 Di6TrrxATio!i fbom Potatobs.— On Thursday the Hon. L. Glyde presented to the House of Assembly a petition signed by 42S merchants, lancers, tradesmen, labourers, ana otners living at or near Mount Gambier, Millicent, and the South-East, humbly showing—' 1. That such of your petitioners as are engaged in trade are put to heavy loss and suffer great inconvenience by reason of the inability of the farming popula tion to dispose of their produce. 2. That such of your petitioners as are farmers have now lying by them hundreds of toos of potatoes and a large quantity of barley which they are unable to make sale of. 3. That such of yonr petitioners as are otherwise engaged are injured in their circumstances, and are short of work by means of this want of market. 4. That as an united body your petitioners be* respectfully to state to your honourable House that every in terest in their midst is in a very depressed state, and also that your petitioners earnestly and sincerely believe that the whole district would again prosper were distillation from farming produce permitted under the «ame regulations as are applied to the distilling from grapes and other f rait. Your petitioners there fore humbly and confidently approach your honourable House, and pray that you will be pleased to amend the laws relating to distilla tion in such a manner that grain and potatoes may lawfully be distflled.' Mb. Johx Socttar. — The Avstrzlasian In surance end Banking Record has the following : —'Mr. Souttar, formerly of Victoria, and lately manager of the Bank of Adelaide, has we hear been, appointed Manager of the Sydney branch ef the Queensland National Bank. Show at Stocxpokt. — The Secretary of the Wcoroora Agricultural Society writes to say that Mr. J. W. Stott took first prize, and Mr. W. Blake second prize, for reaping machines at the Show held at Stockport last week. Ttt« Socth Acstbaliax Biojror*. — Daring the past week Mr. J. Hoar, the South Australian Blondln, has been giving open-air performances at Portland Estate on the tight-repe.inviaible wire and trapeze. At each meeting there have been no fewer than a thousand persons present Last night he succssf ally carried a woman across a rope at a height of twenty feet, for which act he received a round of applause. To-night the collection is to be devoted to the Prima Donna Belief Fund. TotFBBAjtcB Ektestaixmevt. — A temperance entertainment will be held in the Flinders street Presbyterian Lecture Hall this evening. 