ROCKHAMPTON-. THURSDAY", *TAV 18, 1880. THE New South Wales Parliament has lately been engaged, upon a new Elec- toral Bill. The proper constitution of the Legislative Assembly had become impossible, under the existing Act, for the inequalities, are almost as great in New South Wales today as they were in England before the Reform Act- The movements of population since the dis- tribution of electorates , twenty years ago have been very important, and the only wonder is that the electoral law has so long remained in its hopelessly defective state. However, the new bill is almost certain to pass, and it may be hoped its effect' *iiH bo 'to''create an Assembly', fairly "representali ve "pt . the, j çolony," and i with a greater capacity for work than the' ?recent elective chambers' bf the'.parent ;colöny:hive>xtttriitea. 'J 4'',: ? * J privilege ' hitherto' ,açpprd?d: itu,-, the' University of electing its own member to the Assembly has just1 been'refused. It is determined to have manhood suffrage pure; and simple, and hot' to permit its èflect tb be warped by.any representative; of an educated class, or indeed of any other class. But, as the ffcra/dpomis out,: there is some doubt whether universal suffrage is a.,very great boon to society after all. It gives equal weight at the . ballot-box to men of all ages, creeds, and classes-makes no distinction between the thrifty, industrious, useful .colonist and the most inveterate loafer who sponges upon his fellow-men. This system is çeruinly.pot equitable, and if not equitable we fail to. understand bow1 it can be right ? . The fundamental principle of universal suffrage is that every man is entitled to a voice in the selection of the then/ whose duty it is to make laws for the govern- ment of the country. If a man has no property, he has life and liberty to be protected, and he is under the necessity of doing some work to earn his daily bread. Even the beggar " too lazy to work " cannot escape some share of the toil imposed upon every son of Adam. We therefore willingly concede the principle that every man has the natural right to vote. And we do this knowing the contention of a large school of politicians that a man has no natural political rights-that such rights as he enjoys are concessions voluntarily made by or extorted "from the governing classes of society. But this is a ppint which need not be argued here at length. Suffice it to say that modern opinion generally admits that the representatives of the people exercise the right to restrict personal liberty, and, therefore, that every unit of the people may fairly demand to be enfranchised. But admitting so much, it does not follow that every man is entitled to equal enfranchisement. The man of edu- cation and property is undoubtedly entitled to consideration on at least two grounds. He is better fitted than the ignorant man to judge between the wants of rival candidates ; and he has more to protect and more to lose by bad legislation than the man has whose " roof is thatched when his hat is on." Moreover, the man possessed of property is more heavily taxed than the destitute man can be. These considerations cannot be set aside without perpetrating injustice j and therefore when we lay down the doctrine that at the ballot-box all men are free and equal, we assert a demonstrable fallacy. It is contended that whatever the uneducated and propertyless masses gain by the law of "universal suffrage, they lose by the natural conditions of human existence. The " great unwashed " may run riot at elections, and at the polling booth ride rough-shod over the intelligent and. propertied classes, but when the excitement subsides intelligence resumes its sway. Besides, as a rule the masses are open to influence. By moderate treatment it is no doubt possible for candidates to win "unwashed" votes, and thus to avert the evil which would otherwise result from the placing of power in the hands of men incapable of its intelligent exercise. But it must not be forgotten thal such men are as susceptible of bad as good influences ; and that the impudent political quack who panders to prejudice and stimulates class jealousies is usually more potential with the masses than the honourable and genuine politician possibly can bc. There is no doubt also that thc almost imperative necessity of winning the popular vote by the use of claptrap cries has an injurious effect upon the morals of our public men. Almost every re- presentative of popular constituencies finds it convenient lo have two sols of opinions-one for social and club life ; thc other for the forum and platforms. Thc " oily gammon " which tickles thc popular ear on the hustings furnishes materials for jokes in the smoking-room ; and as a rule thc candidate who spouts most patriotically from the stump is the least conscientious and trustworthy in the Legislature.' . On this question, therefore, we are not inclined to accept the optimist doctrine that whatever is, is best. Nor are we willing to admit the pessimist conclu- sion that things in this respect are past mending. We do not say that any practical politician would suggest material amendment in the electoral. qualification now. . But possibly , the time is not distant when some party leader will be boldly patriotic enough to do so. Already we have in, pur Ipcal government a recognition of the special rights of pro- perty and of that section of the com- munity which contributes most largely to the taxation. If the large taxpayer bas three votes for aldermen or members pf .a divisional board, why should he not have three votes for a member of Parliament? In other words, why not assimilate the municipal suffrage to the parliamentary suffrage ? Such a change would rob no mah of his right to vote, but it would remove inequalities, j and make the representative chamber of .the legislature a more faithful reflex of the enterprise and intelligence of the community. Our local government j system has, we trust, already provided a ! wholesome check upon legislative log- rolling. Is it too much to hope that ere long a complete antidote to the scourge will bc found in a judicious modification : ?of the suffrage. ! f AT the Police Court yesterday, before thc ' Police 'Magistrate, Henry Cooke was fibed five shillings for being drunk in.Eost-Btreet, and for making usc of obscene language ho .was fined a further sum of twenty shillings, Tho fines were paid. MB. E. II. HANNA, the local Telegraph Station Master, has infórmod UB that the P. and O. Company's R.M.S. Tánjore, from England with' tho mails to the date of April 12, via Brindisi, arrived off Albany, Western Australia, yesterday morning at 10'45. She 'is due at Melbourne, nitor calling off Glenelg, ton lire 19*1* instant. ' i TnB fifth - monthly meeting of tho No. 8 . Building Society, was held at the offices of the Secretary (Mr. R. JJ. Dibdin) last night, . Messrs. It. . Sharples and H. Vespermann; acting aa the receiving directors. The sum of. £219 3s. lOd. was received as 'subscriptions and interest, 'and eight now shares wero sub- scribed for, One advanco share was sold at fourteen per cont. OUR English telegram of the 27th ultimo, t announced that Frederick Morrison had charged. himself at Liverpool - with having embezzled £2000 from Messrs, J. G. Dougherty and Company, of Melbourne., The Argus, referring to thiB intelligence, says that a warrant for the arrest of Morrison was granted on the 12th November last by the Melbourne Bench. He was in the employ oï/jthValjiovo .firm, and filled 'the.'postiifsikiäerT' Öa the 6th November, 1879, be absconded, and sub- sequent examination of his books showed that there were defalcations in his accounts, to the extent of £1500. The amount, however, was afterwards found to be upwards of £2000., It was ascertained that the defaulter had pro- ceeded to Sydney, but be evaded the police Ihferc, 'hud was not heard of'again until he gave himself np in England. .. A SLtoar improvement is announced in tho value of some commodities in the home markets as compared with the'very low rates last reported. Wheat and Sour were 6d. per quarter higher on Monday than on Saturday, but the market is still very depressed, as may be judged from' the fact that during last month the tótaí decline in the quotations for Australian wheat in tho London market amounted to no less than 7s. per quarter. Our press menage is corroborated with reference to tho advanco of Cd. per quarter by private telegraphic advices received at Adelaide which have, we aro informed, imparted some little firmness to Adelaide quotations, There was also a firmer tone noticeable at tho London-Colonial wool sates on Monday, and locks and pieces are specially mentioned as hoing in fair demand. The improvement is not very marked, but it may bave tho effect of steadying prices ; and now that a considerable fall has been established from tho very high rates with which tho present series opened, it is unlikely that homo buyerB, who havo been holding back, will again como forward and operate more freely. Victorian and South Australian four per cent debentures are J per cent higher than previous quotations. WE havo been presented with a sample of a fruit quite new to this country, and grown at Mucllervillo, North Rockhampton. It is about the size of a hen's egg, with five acute angles, a yellow, thin smooth rind, and a clear watery pulp, in many sweet, in others acid, and without any smell. The tree which pro duccd it was introduced from Colombo, as a small plant, in 1875, by the late Mr. j Thozet, who, on his return to the colony I in that year, after a visit to France, obtained from the Government Botanic Gardens at Colombo, a collection of valuable ' plants, including this one amongst tho number. Tho botanical name of this tren ii Averrhoa carambola, and it belongs to the family of ; OxaUdaceas, or Wood Sorrels. It UBually grows to a height of about 14 feet, with a spreading bead! The specimen at Mucllervillo, has already attained a height of 10 feet. It first bore fruit in its fifth year, it fruited «gain in the following year, but this year (the 7th), tho crop is very much finer and larger than either of thc preceding ones, and one. branch, three feet long, has on it thirty three fruit. Robert Hogg, describing this tree, in his "Vegetable Kingdom," says it is a native of several parts of thc Fast Indies, aud it ia now much cultivated in thc tropics of South America. It bears fruit three times a year, from thc agc of three to fifty years. It is met witli in every garden in India, where thc green fruit is used to make tarts, which taste very much like those made of gooseberries ; hence thc lîritish rall them Coromandel gooseberries. When tho fruit arc ripo Uley arc excellent mut used in various ways for conking. Tho Chinese preserve them in sugar. Thc sample ve have tauted, which was scarcely ripe, pos- sessed very much of the flavour of Hie goose- berry, and wo have no doubt lint thal if it can bo grown j,ïeniifiiï/y in tim counlry, it will conic into extensive USP and be highly prized for rooking purposes. Thc fact of ils fruiting Ihrer- lililí a year would leave one to inf? r thul it ii a very publie bearin» tree. WE learn that a young woman named Smith, aged about eighteen years, was taken to tho Hospital yesterday, and not being admitted, was returning to. her residence in town when she expired. An inquiry into the cause of ber death will, we hoar, be held. THE Skating Bink, -at the-Oddfetiow's Hall, is daily growing jp attractiveness . erupt "the cold bracing weathêr'set in.' Yesterday after- noon a large pumbcr .of Jadíes, attended and thoroughly enjoyed'the invigorating exercise. The rink will bo open again on Friday after- noon. Is referenco to the passage in the report supplied by our correspondent of Mr. Feez's address at Emerald last Friday, in which he is made to say that ho disapproved of the Divisional Boards Act, we are authorised by Mr. Feez to say that he generally spoke in favour of the Act, but expressed his doubts of its successful working in some of tho very thinly peopled districts. Tho Act was a much-needed measure of reform and should have a; fair trial.' It will be seen that our Cometville correspondent reports Mr. Feez as having stated nt his meeting in that township on Monday evening that be approved of the Divisional Boards Act. A GOLD discovery appears to have been mode on Queensland territory sonftewntrencnr thc South Australian border, bnt we are in doubt as to tho locality, and nothing definite is known of tho appearance and prospects of tho. new field'.' Mr. Warden- Hodgkinson, stationed at Georgetown, reports'ta the Mines Office at Brisbane, that application has beeb made to him for miners' rights and a proba- tion area,for a gold claim situated eighty miles west-south-west' of . Eulo, near the South , Australian border. The i only Eulo tho 'existence of which' we are aware of is situated on the Faroe Uiver in long. 145, lat. 28-10. i' Assuming this ', tb.-'.bi :thé:' Bolo, referred to, the locality of the gold discovery ! would be rather more than 100 miles eastward ( of the South Australian burder, and only! I thirty or forty miles northward from the. New South Wales'border.'1 The description in our telegram-lagreas . very.: well.-With this locality, but we can scarcely understand how| applications for miner's, njjhta. and. protection area can have been, made) to Mr. Hodgkinson^ at Georgetown for a gold-field in the south-, western corner of the colony. The distance: from Georgetown, to the reported new field| would'scarcely be lliss Çhan. lÔOX) miles. Still it might be as easy to' go to'Georgetown as toj .Brisbane nt any ¡nearerrpoiht at," which juro-1 tcction is obtainable. We have therefore, no| reason to conclude tliAt Enîb on thtí.Paroo is' not the Eulo intended in the telegra^J .? j ? :THE first ploughing match held m; this' district came off y es terday^ under the auspices, of thc Central ' Queensland Farmers' and, Graziers' Society, in a paddock belonging to. Mr. Watson, a short distance from the railway station at Gracemere. The contest was be- tween Wm. Glover, Charles Lawrence, J. S.j Crooke, and D. Davis. Twenty perches were allotted to. eaoh competitor, and the time allowed was three hours, each team being: limited to two horses. The work assigned toi each was completed within two hours. At the finish Lawrence was declared the winner of the first prize, Davis of the second, and J. Crooks of the third prize, Crooks took the prize for the best turn out, on account of the horses and plough (belonging to Mr. John Murray, of Fitzroy Park) being very superior.' Davis had the the best harness and his horses well trained, but they were inferior to Crooks' in strength and value. The ploughing was very well done for farming use. Davis would have taken first prize, but he lost on account of want of width and; straightness in his furrows. Crooks' ploughing was done with tho best plough in the field, but his horses were deficient in training. Lawrence's work waa done with the weakost team, but was executed with great judgment, and was generally gc-od for farming purposes, He worked with a chain attached to the beam of, big, plough, which had; the, effpctioj'folding the grass beneath the furrow.. Tho crowns were not judged, but were considered to be all good. The Judges decided for straightness, width, and general appearances, and for neatness and usefulness. The gentle- men who acted as judges were Messers P. Murray, John Conachan; M. Rielly, and J. O'Shanesy, Time beeper, John Dorian. The ground was in very fair order, but rather sandy for neat ploughing, and broke too easily. Messrs. Ransom and Sims' ploughs were used by Lawrence and Glover, and M'Lean's ploughs by Davis and Crooks. Mr. W. Pearse, in presenting the prize cup, said that he had great pleasure in doing so. Thc match would be a good thing for the district in every way, and would forward the interest of all the inhabitants of the district. He trusted that thc competition would be the precursor of many similar matches of a like description. He had great pleasure in handing over the trophy with his hearty good wishes. Mr. Lawrence returned thanks, and said he would like to see a society formed, so that those who paid 10s. each might be members, and the total amount might be awarded to ploughmen. The plough was the forerunner of the stall of life. He could wish that younger men would come forward, and not be frightened by an old fellow like himself. The better they worked, the better it would pay them. Three oheers were then given for Mr. Pearse, the donor of the cup. There was not a very great amount of interest exhibited in the match. During tho day about 100 persons visited the ground, of whom about thirty were from Rockhampton. The competitors were often encouraged by marks of approba- tion as they proceeded with their work* Each competitor worked well, and exhibited the best possible feeling towards the others. CULTIVATION OF THE COFFEE PLANT. Many of our readers having exproBBed a desire to cultivate the corleo plant, and ap- plications for advice and information on the subject having come in from various quarters, wc arc glad to be able to satisfy tho inquiries. Mr. Walter Hill, Director of the Botanic Gar- dens, Brisbane, has some thousands of plants which he will bc happy to distribute gratis to those whoarelikcly todo good service in helping to make coffee cultivation au established in- dustry in this colony. To Mr. Hill, also, we arc indebted for thc following information as to thc cultivation of thc ooficc shrub. The month of September is thc best time for plant- ing, unless tho Reason is unusually backward. To move tho young plants earlier would not allow them a fair chance of making thc most of the spring and carly Bummer weather. Thc coffeo tree flourishes on hills or mountain slopes whore there is no frost. The soil ought to lie rich nud moist ; thc shrub will, how- ever, do well in a fair kind of soil where thc subsoil is gravelly, for thc long tap-root strikes down aud obtains nourishment. Shelter from thc westerly winds is neccsaary. Tn Ceylon the Queensland silky oak is in great demand for shading coffee plantations, but un- fortunately that tree has not seeded willi us this year. Shade is not required in Southern Queensland, hut thc position miifit he snell ai to shelter the plants from the wes! wind. Considering tlie number of years the little plantation in tho Botanic Gardens has been affording ocular demonstration of the fact that thacoffeotroe will flourish admirably^in our climate, it strikes ono as^strangevtbst agricul- turists who are constantly complaining That no crop they can grow is remunerative havc_ never made a trial of a plant the fruit of" -whioh is in universal demand; and-we trust tbaÇ the perusal of these few lines may lead maty to turn their attention to its cultivation. -Courier. . . .. A WEALTITV NnpLB.-Thp eccentrio Duke of Portland, who died in December last year, lias left a Urge'fortune. .'I Hie personal.éstate in England alone has ' been sworn under £1,500,000. His property in Scotland must! be worth even more than this.' All'his'real estate in Scotland goes to the i present Duke. Mr. Julius Beer,1 the proprietor. of. the: Observer newspaper, has also left nearly; half a million behind «bim, his personal estate being sworn under £400,000.-European Mail, i '? PROVIDENTIAL ESCAPE.-."Duringtheterrific storm of Thursday, 15th April)'' writes the Jamestown jfcrseio, " a team of six horses and a .watrgon, the property of Mr. Treleaven, was Sn the road.near Mannanarie, when a blinding ash of lightning was instaotinebusiy followed by an appalling, clap; of, thunder. Out of Xix horses five were struck iowa, aud upon ex- amination two proved to be dead, although there wos .no visible sign of the lightning stroke. The other three shortly recovered, and the driver himself was.abBolutcly unhurt." Tui,: YAOAEIES ,OF FASHION.-The fashion- able hour for marriages now is 9 p.m., and evening dress is , considered. indispensable. The other night Mr. Edward Boycott Jenkins, eldest son of. the' Countess .bf, [Lovelace .and the. .late Mn., E, JenkinB, was married - to Lady Margaret Graham-Tóler, j third daughter of the late, and sister ot the present. Earl of Norbury, at this hour, and J the church was filled , by ladies and gentle- men in evening costume. After the ceremony: the bride and ~ bridegroom supped with the wedding party, and just before midnight left per SpmerBot.-Ê. Hail. How TO OBTAIN SLEEP. -¿-The following is recommended'ai a cure for sleeplessness': " Wet half a tówél, apply it to'the back Af the neok,:pressing itupwiard towards'the base: bf the brain, and faaten:the ¿dry half oí the towel over so as to prêtent thei lóo rapid leihalation. Thc effect is prompt- arid charming, cooling the! i brain and inducing ; calmer, sweeter slespíhaa any narcotic Warm-water, may be'inset!,' though; njoijt persons nrefei; cold. i .To those! .who suffer,tro_mJOrer-excitement ot the. brajn ^whether the result of Wain york br rJressiijg , anxiety, this 'simple .remedy : Has ,'pi- oved jin especial bwrî,*^mtojpeanHoM.' .; .i ^uicrDE THBOuaHWiw.-ïes^rdayafWj [jnoçn (says the.utraiiá of -the.3nM/.ítirf £homju> j Wi Wills, well known,-'jq..ono«¡etnu. ¡jífólesV committed suicide 'in' .his;, re^ipence -ot . Heidelberg, by stabbing lUm^elf, wftih a pair <o£ scissors. It'appears thatfor seme, time .past '? thei déçeased'badv,bëén, .drinking, heavily,' but ?on'the 28th ult. be Vfa puiced,nr^er-r'estraiht, ,nnd a'pcrson 'waBj^appt^njbod.ip watch'ihn.' This man, shortly aßar.l '«'chapa; yesterday,' jleft him tq'.gef hiidinnér: and in the. iotffftm, deceased possessed himself ota pair of scissors, ?and. despite the ' exertions of his wife' who en4çayoured'to prevent him,,; stabbed himself ,three times,in, tlje .left bíe¡mt in.the region.rof thc heart.' 'The' external hornorrhage was very, sh'ght,,hut $he, wounds .were fatal,., death .taking place in'a very shqrÇ t¡me, "An inquest will be held lipon the remains in alie course. ' ELOPEMENT WITH A LARRIKIN.-Some little excitement has boen oaueed in Walgett: (says ^fche.local paper) by the. intelligence that,the wife of á publican, who resides in the yieinity, bad cleared out wiih a well-known specimen of 'the '-genus larrikin. It seems that the femalè rh question was entrusted by her husband with sundry cheques and notes to be l^depos'It^d'^tO'Ais credit in the Commercial Bank'hero, ana fof that ptftpose she'drove'Sn on Thursday night, in a spring cart, meetibg ber admirer on the way, who'accompanied ber to town. Arrived: here, the happy pair (?) -made sundry purchases, for which purpose they changed several of the cheques, and the same ; night- moved .-on .tqwarda thc. back country. It was riot until ' Friday afternoon that the husband was 'apprised of these pro- ceedings,- but ho came, in thia morning and put the matter in'trie' hands of the police, with whom he is at present in pursuit of the i delinquents, morp [anxious, TWO: ftxpept,' to reooverithe rera»ios,p/,tlio caah:and ofhorcon yectibláipropeíty than he.ie the human portions of his belongings. ..>.! . v,, KILLED nv, AN AERPLTTE.-David Meisen thaler, astoctanáh warf-^reports^the LyttcUon ?Titnts) driving his cow* to the barn .about day- light a short finjo ago, when he was struck by an aerolito and instantly killed. ' It appears as if the meteor had come from. a ? direction a little west ol ' south, and fell from an angle of about sixty degroes, for it first passed through n tall, roaplo, cutting thei limbs as clean ns if it had been a cannon ball, and then struck him apparently on or under the shoulder, 'passing clean throuzh him obliquely from below the right shoulder to above the left hip, and-buried itself about two feet in tho soft black ground. ' The poor man's head and leçB were uninjured, but tho greater part of Ins body scorned to have been crushed into the earth beneath the terrific aerolite, whioh was about the size of a common patent bucket, and apparently of a rough, round Bhape. It appeared to bo formed of what ia called iron pyrites. TnE LATEST GnosT STORY.-A correspon- dent of the Geefonj Advertiser is responsible for. the following "ghost" story :-V As, I know you feel interested in such circum- stances, I write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a remarkable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late. Archdeacon Innes. Tho archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and though sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have rccourso to writing. This lends addi- tional value to tho circumstances which I have to tell you. For some months the arch- deacon had been assistod as lay-reader by a young man recently arrived from home named Lisscrman, wno, though not re- markable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the arch- deacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months lie fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before thc archdeacon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, as I have told you, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was compos mentis to the last, wrote that going into his study one evening, after Lisscrman's death, he saw him standing at the study table, and involuntarily exclaimed, ' Halloa ! are you liore 1" ' Yes,' replied the apparition, 'and where I now am there will you soon be 1" Mr. Innes was not a man of fancies, or of impaired physique ; and when he saw the apparition waB in the enjoyment of robust health. Thean facts arp well known and vouched for." PROMPT PBOCEEOINO.-Tho other day a Black-hills stage-driver undertook to horse- whip his passengers into getting out and pushing un hill, but the gold- seekers emptied their revolvers into him a few times, and held j a coroner's iuqunBt, and found that he died of pneumonia.- Californian Pajtcr. WHEN Lord Chesterfield was in adminis- tration he proposed a person to George ll. as proper to fill a place of great trust, but which the King himself was determined should bc filled hy another. Tho Council, however, determined not to indnlgo the King for fear of a dangerous precedent, lt was Lord Chester- field's business to present thc grant of the nlliee for the King's signature. Not to incense His Majesty by asking him abruptly, ho, with accents of great humility, begged to know with whoso name His Majesty would have thc blanks lilied up? "With tho devil's!" re- plied thc King, in a paroxysm ol ra^c. " And shall thc instrument," said thc Earl, coolly, " run as usual-Our trusty, well-beloved cousin and Councillor V"- a repartee at \\\ hick the King lnughcd lu-artily, and with grout good humour signed the raut. 