[?] Answers to Correspondents. G. T. A. (Yallook) Victoria : There is sonic mist ike m youi1 cam- fl munication which renders it impossible for us to furnish vou ? with the information yon require. Wc have no recollcctioi: ? of the advertisement to which you refer, and you have ? i viiiently given us the wrong date, for there was noissue ot ? the iyihieij Mail ou the 3rd of August. 9 KATE asks : Vould you, in your answers to com-?pon--ents fl kindly inform me how lomnkc yea^t for home-made bread.'- 9 Answer : Boil a handful of lions lor lialf-au-hour in three ? pirns of water. Pour half boiling through a sieve upon a cup of flour, mix, and add the rest of the hop-water, a spoonful ot i-alt, half a cupof tieaele, and, when warm, a cup oi ordinary \cast. Wc have answered your question on the supposition that you want a recipe for making houie-nndc bread in preference to using baker's bread, the latter and ordinary yoa.-t being purchasable in your vicinity. If, however, you want a rccipe for making yeast because you arc compelled to be your own baker and cannot obtain ordinary yeast, please say so, and we will try to give you a good rccipc, SL'FFEltER asks : Could you or any of your correspondents gi' me through your valuable paper, Moil), a rcccipttor cramps. I suffer severely in my thighs and legs at night. 1 generally lie with my botly higher than my feet, as I was formed that was good for it, but to no purpose. In taking on my boot at r.ight I frequently get under the bottom rib a lump rises very large and painful cramp, by so doing, answer will oblige a Sufferer. — Answer : Employ friction, rubbing tat parts affected with the hands. A draught of camphor jalap nt night is strongly recommended. Vou are quite right in lying with your body higher than your feet and you suouia stretch the heel out as far as possible, inclining the tofe slightly upwards. Be careful with respect to your diet, »r cramp 'often arises from a weak or imperfect digestion, ft towel dipped in 'hot water aud applied to the part will ne* quently give you instant relief. You will likewise finn ing with the stimulating ointment to be very beneficial. should always be careful to keep the lower limbs ? . vou ought occasionally to bathe the feet in warm water ticro bedtime. Take paiti'eular care in keeping the bowels pro perly regulated. DOR V MAN sends us the following ' Vision ' S oftly the breezes of evening are stealing Ij p the long valley, whence laughter comes pealing. T rolling a lay, as'he homeward doth hie, T he labourer looks at the rich sunset sky. O vcr the fast darkcniiig fields he doth go N or stops he to rost once, for docs he not know, F air Janet is waiting her husband's return O ver there by the homestead, tho' hid by the icro. 11 ompingand racing, his children he sees E ach hurrying forward to clasp father's knees. S uch is the vision I To me, it seems real, T hough to you who may read this, Only Ideal. T. H. B. (Bathurst; : Address to A. A. Duncliff, Silver Spnnj. ? llurrawang. EXCHANGE asks: A person having an overdraft in l the MM gets a letter of crcdit ou a Melbourne banK. At Mclroura . pave Is. on every pound be draws, is ac charged mw again 'when liis cheques arrive at tlie bank i ira-Wft : Answer: A person having an overdraft in a bank gets ® ? . credit on a Melbourne bank ; at Melbourne, be l-avc esc . to the Melbourne baiikas their charge for cashing toecn«l » lit his own bank (the bank drawn ori s he does not j) . thing bejond tbe usual interest on his ot crurai t irom . dav. INCOG writes : Will you kindly let a subscriber tothe wheie be can purchase a copy of the Blue Hook m wn names of the Civil Servants, with thc-ir ia lanes, ...wfchrd Also, what is tbe price of it, or where can it be n Ai fin er ? You can get the Blue Book from the Govern X Printing Office. The price is 5s. , /vrrpMiondcnt asks: What is the meaning and proper pro A ^iaiion oi Gride Olgatach !— Answer : It ss generally Tnnwd th.it Gcide Olgatach was the name of an ancient i-ii Chieftain, but according to Celtic authorities, its literal mining is «' Scotch Highlands '' It. is manifestly a eorrup JSn of Ihe Gaelic word Gaidhealtachd, meaning literally Rrnteh HilU. and pronounced guhcealgathaughah, sounded in four syllables thus Guhee-alga-thau-thotli. » v! seks ? Could you givemc an answer through your columns in tbe folding questions, as it would greatly oblige one of rnnr subscribers 1. If there are any artificial hand makers nfvdncT ' 2. Ifa person gets bis hand cut off at the wrist, - '' L irot 'an artificial hand to do writing or to hold an ordi nnrv knife or fork with? 3. And if there are such hands, what material are thev made of.— Answer: There arc no Artificial hand matters in Sydney, but by communicating with ?Lere Lobb and numbly, of 32, Park-street, you would be able to procurc one from England. Such a hand would not rnab'.e a person to do writing, but it would be sufficient for holding nn ordinary knife, though there arc knives made trcciallv for fuch purposes which answer infinitely better. The hands arc made entirely of wood, with the fingers in eeniouslv constructed upon steel springs, which gives them * power 'of grasp almost equal to that of the real member. nrFFNM.ANDEIl asks: 1. To how many places in Australia has the soubriauet of 'Sleepy Hollow' been applied ? 2. What is tbe origin of that expression ? Answer : We believe tbat the epithet has been, justly or unjustly as the ease may be, I applied to about 999 places out of every thousand. IIow the exnrestion originated we arc not quite prepared to say, j thouph it can at least be traced as far back as to Washington Irving. The true nature of the connec tion between the words 'sleepy' and 'hollow' is rather obscure, and there is implied in the phrase an evident supposition that all places subject to somnolent in fluences, no matter what their actual situation may be, are ipsi facto, hollows. Iience it is that ' sleepy hollows ' are eomrtiuicK tt he met with oil the tops of hills. The rial fact appears to be that, as Australia is able to teach its parent nation in every other branch of moral and physical science, it likewise claims to be able to give a more correct interpretation to the* idioms of the Anglo-Saxon tongue. And thus, accord ing to the Australian idea of the natter, any place where fortunes arc not to he had for the more asking is sleepy, and aplacc that is sleepy must also be a hollow. Hence it is that tlie) e are so many ''sleepy hollows' in the country. HEALTH would like to know whether the teas at present sold in tire coldly at cheap prices are merely inferior growths, or are cieatl} auidtciate-d ! And whether ill the event of adulterated tea Icing eon.monly sold, the spurious matter used is inimical to health Answer : The cheaper teas are inferior irrowths, and there can be hut very little adulteration practised by dealer::. As gord. or even better teas come here as a rule than those sent to England. for the Foochoo shipments which form almost tur sole supply are about the line.-t grown, and the Australian dealers are as ready to detect any attempts at adulteration as those elsewhere. A proof of this is seen in the Jart that some years ago Hongkong shippers sent a few spurious coiiM'iinments to this market, aud sincc then Hong long teas have become unsalable here. J asks Who took the bushrangers, Donohoe and partv 1 Were there rewards for it ? Hid any one ever get a grant of land for thai sei vice .' Were any of the gang taken by a man named Jenkir.6 ; and was he promised a grant of land for it ? II so, what hits been done with it ? As I am -rre,itly interested in the above, please answer ? —Answer : Donohoe was snot dead in a skirmish by a soldier named Mag'gleton, and several of his companions were afterwards taken and executed ; but tve have not hci-n able to gather from any published records nhetlur ar.ian named Jenkins was present at the affray, or vhether '.nv promises of land were made to him in recogni tion ot his services. A reward was offered for the arrest of I'ndnncod. one of the gang, but we have 110 authentic ini'oimation of rewards having been offered or received for the apprehension of any other member of Donohoe'sband. A convict , named Jenkins, murccrcd Dr. Wardell, a barrister at-law (v.hose memory is perpetuated by a chastely-designed tablet in St. Jann s's Church, Sydney) at what is liosv known as Petersham (then bush' in 1834. and having been appre hended v as executed in Sydney during tbe same year. J, I. writes : Will you kindly answer the following questions in your next issue of the Sydney Mail ? 1. Can a woman lawfulh mairy again after bein-r deserted by her husband for seven years, divorcc excepted ! 2. Should she do so, and her first husband comes forward, can he prosecute her for bigamy ?— Answer : If the woman has not beard of her husband for seven years, the may marry again without fear of being prosectiteu for bigamy, but her sccond marriage will beheld to be invalid, If it is ut any time afterwards proved that her former husband is living. ' S.B. asks : Will j ou be kind enough to answer me the following questions tbiough the columns of your paper 2 J . Is there at present an immigration agent for New South Wales in Ger many, if so, what town ? 2. If there is none, will a German or any other foreigner, if he intends to emigrate to New South Vales he awistid by our Ageiit-Generaf in England, or in plain ?will he enjoy the same rights and privileges as an Enplihh cubject Answer : There is no agent in Germany, but if a German proceeds to England, he may there avail liiin telf of the same advantages as tire offered to Englishmen. A person residing in this colony, and having a friend in Germany whom lie wished to bring ont, could pay tho part passnge money here, and obtain a receipt which would be forwarded to the Apent-Gcneral in England, who would then cause the person in Germany to be informed of the departure of the first; emigiant ship, and on his presenting himself at Plymouth, I the leceipt sent from here would admit liim oil board. He would, however, be required to defray his own expenses from' Gcimany to England. UBOCREK writes : I have a box containing about half a hundred weight of drapery, which I wish to send to Ireland, please inform me how much it would cost, and whom I shall send it to in Sydney for transhipment, also, what will itcost to insure it all the v.ay ' — Answer : Communicate with Messrs. Wright, Beaton, r.nd Co., of Georgc-streot, Sydney, who will give you J'll particulars, and forward it as you desire. The cost will be a matter cf arrangement, andas to insurance, that will de pend upon the cle.ss of vessel in which it is sent. NARDOasks: 1. Would you please tell mo if sugar of lead will dissolve in oil or turpentine or methy lated spirits of wine, or whether, if it can be done, it can' be mixed as a liquid ? 2\. If virgin indiarubber would dissolve in the above-named ^inc, or what would dissolve it to a liquid! — Answer: It partially dissolves in oil, but spirits are a better solvent. Tur pentine softens indiarubber, but it dissolves best in bisulphide of carbon. Your other question is not explicit enough, and wc arc not sure that we understand it correctly. S l'.E. askf : Will you kindly answer the following question for ? jour inquiring leaders :— A'hat arc the component parts of K fold, time of formation, and what gives rise to its origin ! — An- H swci : Gold is an elementary substance, and it has no eom ?| ponent par ts, and beyond the mere fact of its being part of ?I J™ mundane creation its origin is unknown. It has long been the study of alchemists to discover the composition of H fcld, in order to be able to manufacture it, but all researches in that direction have hitherto been without success. ? (Eastern Cicek) : We have never seen an instrument of ? tMknia you describe, and we do not believe that it is known m to tne tin de, or could be purchased in Sydney. However, liom the sketch you send, we should imagine, 'that it is well K teigncd to suit the purpose for which it is intended, and an H !fy!lmicnt constructed upon such a simple principle, could Hi not »il to be of U'ic to any one having occasion to employ it. H a!*f if there is any method of melting indiarubber, so that H !' c'n le cut in moulds like gelatine! — Answer: Dissolve it B ™ Bisulphide of carbon, aud pour it into the mould, from H 'may fcc taken out in a short time pure, as the bisul B t Pawe quickly evaporates. ? ElBS,11JI;K,.-TT!letciiCnt at the expiration of his lease is not H I,® tn.htted to remove any buildings, fences, or other , , 'om L',e landlord's property, even though he him ii.ii i ' ''lTC ericted them. With reference to loose timber ? MB not been u-cd, if it is the property of the tenant, .un(l,!estioni-bly at liberty to remove it. You can H , a reasonable time after the expiration oi your B J)c5 'or removal of your cffects, but you cannot hold ?I °| l-lc premises after 12 o'clock on the day of the half V y°U1' lease without becoming liable for another Ealt-year's rent. B ' mSs : ^ '!! ^cu please answer through the columns of your if tn 'I16 ProP°sed duty ou wool has bacome law, dutv'nn ^lc0,ne in force '! — Answer : No, there is no bv ft,, y.031- * Government proposals were saved only thei eupon dropped ^ ^'lu^nua' ot' ^twmittecs, and were ns-ks: Can you or any of your nnmcrous readci-s -m thf ' , K Set for an eye that waters and gets discoloured thrnnoi? should feel obliged if you can answer this dclirnfS 5 0UI i10'101' '—Answer : As the eye is one of the most ^5, ijj ®' °nsl1 n.c^ organs of tic 'human frame you ? fessinn^i «rJlcarcl u! trcalinU it upon the advice of unpro ? aoiedirai n ns'n3i?-*l*at possible, you should consult difierpnt lr,'.'1'' oC Vn'l'toms you describs may arise from of tr«iim™»Sc^' an . c0,!Eeqm ntly mav require different modes nervous Constitutional disorders, especially those of the ? sninaeiivo^ be digestive organs affect tiie eves, and ? ^iEcoIount-'n.f t1 ? iiv01' is a frequent cause 'of their ? be BerpcUrv these cases, of course, it would I be the Z- ai.m ,at thc roo'L of ^e evil, which would ? Dowerer cffecUlil! waV of dealing with its effect. HI brim? affeeiwi ^i, J0U -ou,y , mention one eye as Hi quite .1 CUUBC ls Probably a local one. and it is ? fvdid. li k» \ 'nlnc|hitif,' has got under the H loicij.ii Ruht/ essential to a cure will be to have the H T-iv (fi-ttiin)' n^ii(lli0Vf T,1C f,;llow''« is a simple and H theVve ' '-i„ i i ,° t °f ,c'no\ iiig atiythin- that guts into Hi the idre t!3e «.l-per eyelid near its angles with H *ai, :t j ru ® ! thumb oi each hand, draw it gently fur it in that n.ici,?' , por.-ibic over the eyelid, and retain ? tlctuiE vni,l'u°. taking carc to prevent H 6 g HH. When at ihe end of this tim you a^low the eyelid to resume its place, a flood of tears washes out the foreign matter which will be found adhering lo or near the lower eyelid. If you are quite sure that nothiug has got into your eye and the discolouration is of an inti a muiatory'n ature and affecting]thc eyelid, you might apply a warm poultice of boiled or roasted apples. If the eye is bloodshot, apply for two or three hours a linen rag dipped in cold water. SENEX writes : Could you oblige me by letting me know the name oi the medical man whose speciality was the cure of diseases of the eye and car, and who some years ago resided at the Metropolitan Hotel, King-street, and where is his present abode. I think his name was Rosenthal — Answer: Jacob Rosenthal, Present address, 46, Elizabeth- street, Sydney. 'BAG ALOES, having discovered what he considers a rich de posit of ore, containing a mixture of lead and Bilver, and ncing anxious to test its true value, wishes to know bv what process he can sepa rate the one from the other. Can it be done without having to send the ore to Sydney? — Answer: Send a small sample to this ofHcc by post and we will tell you whether it is worth the expense of a careful assay. INQUIRER. — With reference to your question which wc partially answered last week, we are still of the same opinion — viz.', that no one would now be justified in shooting the bushranger Kelly. 'Vet it is a moot question, and even legal authorities may be fouud to differ upon it. Wc can recollcct no precedent which bears an absolute analogy to the ease which you liave supposed ; but, viewing the matter in a plain common s?nsc aspect, we are of opinion that anv violence offered now to the person of Kelly would bc*a flagrant insult to the dignity of the law which now has liim in its custody, and is dealing with his case ; and wc are quite certain that any person offering it would be liuble to punishment. If the law hesitates to strike before theaccuscd is formally convicted and condemned, a fortiori a private individual would not be justified in execut ing summary justice. W.W. — Your question will be answered iu our next issue. JUSTICE writes : Will you kindly inform me, through tho columns of your widely circulated paper, why Xed Kelly is to be allowed a trial, after being declared an outlaw I I always understood this class of criminals whs beyond the pale of the law, and it seems a strange anomaly, therefore, to give him the same advantages as the law affords to tho?e who have no! been convicted and outlawed. No good can result to the public either by a trial. I should have thought the nhortiT and quieter the end of such a vile career, the better for all coi'cei ncd and tlie community at large. Instead o{ which the criminal has actually expressed his belief that he may escape the extreme penalty of the law ; and in the mean time people's ideas begin to waver between right and wrong. — Answer: Criminals of this class, so long as they remain at large, and therebv live in open defiance of the law, a/c not entitled to legal recognition, and may be despatched by any one in order to vindicate the outraged law, aud to protect society from their further depredations. But when once they have iieen brought to justice, the majesty of the law is best sustained by avoiding mdecent haste and all semblance of vinilictiveness or passion, and allowing the accused a fair trial by a jury of his countrymen. It is a most solemn and awful pwcceciing to formally sentence a man to be taken away airl jmt to death, and there is always occasion for the gravest and most deliberate consideration before such a terribly extreme and repugnant course is adopted. Besides, it is entnclyont of harmony with the lirst principle of Dritish justice to hold aman guilty (no matter how strong the prima facie evidence against him may be) of any crime until it has given him an oppoi tunitv of being heard in his defence. And now that Kelly lias no further opportunity oi doing evil, it is due to that glorious spirit of justice tempered with mercy which lies at the root of English law, that he should lie allowed a fair hearing before being condemned. 11\. N. (Kiale Lake) writes: I am a subscriber, and beg to express the pleasure which the weekly advent of your valuable paper gives me. I would feel much obliged if you would kindly tell me what is the meaning or interpretation a thuologic.il student or well- read divine would give these words — viz., 'All manner of sin or blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men ; but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.'— Answer : The pussage you quote, Matthew x. : 31 , 32, and the parallel passage in M ark's gospel, have been very variously interpreted by learned Christians. Volumes have been written on the subject, and we could fill columns of our space with mere outlines of the conflicting opinions which theologians of repute have held. Perhaps, however, the following' view, which is quoted from the commentary on St. Matthew by tlie Rev. David Drown, I).D., Professor, Free Church College, Aberdeen, obtains the most general favour iu the Protestant Church :— ' The word ' blasphemy ' properly signifies ' detraction ' or ?slander.' In the New Testament it is applied, as it is here, to vituperation directed against God as well as against men; and in this sense it is to be understood as an aggravated form of sin. Well, says our Lord, all sin— whether in its ordinary or its more aggra vated forms — shall find forgiveness with God. Accordingly, in Mark 13. 28) the language is still stronger : ?All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blas phemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme.' There is no sin whatever, it seems, of which it may be said, * That is not a pardonable sin.' This glorious assurance is not to be limited by what follows ; but, on the contrary, what follows is to be explained by this; but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men. And whosoever spcuketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven liim ; hut whosoever spcakcth against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come. In Mark the language is awfully strong, ? hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of otern.il damna tion'— or rather, according to what appears to be the pre ferable, though verv unusual readinsr, ' iu danger of eternal guilt'— a guilt which he will underlie forever. Mark lias the important addition (v. 30). ? Because they said, Ha hath an unclean spirit.' What, then, is this sin against the Holy Ghost— the unpardonable sin? One thing is clear: Its unpardonableness cannot arise from anything in the nature of the sin itself ; for that would be a nuked contradiction to the emphatic declaration of v. 31st, that all manner of sin is pardonable. And what is this but the fundamental truth of the Gospel? Then, again, when it is said (y. 32)v-tliat to epeak against or blas pheme the Son of niim~ls-'pArdonahle, hut the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost is not pardonable, it is not to be c.ni ceived that this arises from any greater sanctity in the one blessed Person than th.c other. These remarks so' narrow the question, that the true sense of our Lord's words seem to dis close themselves at once. K is a contrast between slandering 'the Son of man' iu ffi-t rciled cumlit.iun and unfinished irork — which might de done, ignorautlv, in unbelief' (I Ti. 1-13), and slandering the same blessed Person aftcrthe blaze of glory which ihe ltohj fiho.it was soon to throw around His ehiims, and in the 'full knowledge of all that. This would be to slander Him with eyes open, or to do it ' pre sumptuously.' To blaspheme Christ in the former condition — when even the apostles stumbled at many things— left them still open to conviction on fuller light; but to blaspheme Him in the latter condition would be to hale the light the clearer it bccanie, and resolutely to shut it out; which, of course, precludes salvation. The Pharisees hud not as yet done this ; but in charging Jesus with being in league with hell they were displaying beforehand a malignant determina tion to shut their eye's to all evidence, and so, bordering upon, and in .yiirit committing, the unpardonable sin.' W. S. (Duncdin) asks : Would you kindly give a recipe for making cui ry powder ? — Answer : To make curry powder take 3 o/.. of coriander, 1 oz. of black pepper, mustard r.nd ginger ,\ oz. of each ; lesser cardamoms, cayenne, and cummin send, J oz. of each ; dry them well and powder line; mix and keep m a well-stopped bottle. Your other questi-jii will be answered in our next issue. L. S. D. asks : Is the Guild Hall larger than the Protestant Hall ? And which will accommodate the largest number of people 1 — Answer : The Guild Hall. MATERI'AMILIAS asks: What is the best colouring matter for butter?— Answer; Annatio is about the best and most gene rally used. A LOVER OF FLOWERS writes : What is the best manure to use for a garden in the vicinity of Sydney, and is it possible to over-manure ground not originally rich in quality? — Answer : No manure excels good decomposed stable dung. To use a profes-ional term, the soil in the county of Cumber land can scarcely be over- manured -meaning: thereby that it will easily absorb any reasonable quantity without' injury. If stable 'manure is not obtainable* good bouedust maybe applied; but this manure is worthless to crops with such weather as we arc now experiencing. In fact it is only useful in moist ground. SUBURBAN writes : Can you give mc the names and priccs of tonic quick-growing trees of considerable altitude 1 My house is big and bald-looking, needing some high and busliy tree growth to relieve its harsli appearance. — Answer : You can not do better than plant freely the Calilornian pine, Aleppo pine. Cluster pine, Lophostemons, Grevillea, Itobusta, Cam phor trees, Ficus.Iacksoni, AurecariaCumiuighami, Ligustrum Chinenses, a few upright and silver-leaved Poplars, oriental planes and elms may be mixed with the above for variety sake. All the above are quick growing grees, good plants may be obtained for about £5 per hundred. M. L. (Adelaide) asks : Will you kindly inform me through the columns of your valuable paper, whether vessel Iraia, which sailed from Hamburg in June for Sydney and Melbourne, has been gazetted in Sy dney, and who is the agent for her 1 — Answer: Italians. I'e'ez. aiut Co., are the agents. See ''Vessels to arrive' in Si/diiry Mail. KATE asks for a goud receipt far making hop beer ? — Answer : Put 3 lbs. of lie p.- and 30 lbs. of sugar into about 20 gallons of it. 'n water, boil for ten minutes, then pour out into a tub and when luke- warni add 2 pints of l'resh yeast, at the same time k-eping the mixture well stiired. It should then be put into a barrel— one that will just hold it— after which fermentation j will quickly commence, ~ when if the cask is kept full the yeast ' will be gradually forced out through the bung-hole. Aficr about three or four days when the hissing noise has cciscd, the bung should be firmly fastened, and in a week the cask I I may be tapped at about 2* inclics from the bottom and the ; beer bottled. Many people like the flavour which is given to the beer by the addition of a little ginger, and if you find it palatable you might use it in the proportion of about % lb. to every 10 gallons. Use whole ginger and let it be well bruised. Bran may also be added. To .save the trouble of straining bran and hops are put in a bag. W e have always known this rcceipt to answer excellently. STARBOARD CATHEAD writes : I am the lessee oi Crown lands thickly timbered, am I allowed to ring the timber, or some of it, to give more nourishment.to the grass ? — I am told that I must not touch the pine, but that tree is the grcatestnuisance. Answer : — This has now become a vexed question. By the old regulations under the Acts of 1875, ringoarking was pro hibited unless with the special permission of the Minister, but in those issued in the present year, the matter is entirely ignored, so that its lawfulness or unlawfulness now hinges upon the question as to whether ring-barking by ail occupier of Crown lands can be construed as cutting timber for his uses as a tenant. The matter is now upon a very indefinite and unsatisfactory footing, for while it can hardly be the intention of the statute that valuable public property should be allowed to be recklessly destroyed by Crown tenants, yet the latest regulations must supsrsede former ones, and the fact that the former prohibition against ringbarking is not expressed in the present rules seem to give a tacit permission to practise it. And hence wc are of opinion that persons occupying Crown lauds, can without violating the letter of the law ringbark trees, sincc the former exception to ftngbarking as being included in his uses as a tenant, is not now in forcc. It is a question, however, which iies open to a (rood deal of discussion,' and a Court of Law is the only authority that could definitely decide it. AMICUS asks: In 1875 a portion of prelease belonging to A was notified in Gazette as ?? Reserved from sale ior travelling stock.' A small portion of prelease or pre-emptive right still remained outside the boundary ol reserve. About a month ago A started to fence the whole, and now hasit nearly all enclosed. There is permanent water on one part of reserve which, with the rest, is being closed. A, while fencing it, threatens to impound any stock found trespassing on the said reserve within the boundaries of his pre-emptive right. He 6ays he pays for. the use of grass or reserve, and on that account can legally remove or impound any stock found thereon. Is A liable for fencing off the reserve for his own use, and can he legally impound as he threatens to do ? Also, by kindly advising how the evil may be remedied, would greitlv oblige. — Answer: 1. A ean fenee his prelease, but must allow bona iidc travelling stock to feed over the reserve whether fenced or not. 2. He can impound ?tock, not travelling (under the Act) trespassing on his prelease. 3. He should apply to the Minister lor Lands to have v.lie land withdrawn from lease, when it will be available for travelling stock only. M. I.. writes : Will you oblige me by informing mc, through the columns of the ?Sj/dih'i/ M'lif o;1 answers to correspondents, where in Sydney is the Duty Stamp Oftic3 situated, also, who is in charge of the same, as I want to purchase some impressed stamped blank promissory notes ?— Answer : The Stamp office is at Hf-, Phillip-street, but you would piob:i.l)ly be able to to procure impressed stamped' paper at the loeal post-office. If not, yc.u can write to Mr, W. Hemming, Stamp Commis sioner, at the above address. T. M. D : Your tank contains 2 H cubic yards. FAIR PLAY will be answeied iu our next. DAPPLE GRAY asks : I ran a wild horse into a yard in the bush, I intend to brand him on the noar shoulder' when I get him home. As all the stock is branded with the station brand, I have it with me and put it oil the off shoulder leav ing place on the near shoulder for the intended brand. When I arrive home the intended brand is not to be found. If I put a registered brand on tbe near shoulder us intended, would it be an illegal way of branding .' ?Answer: The running in of a wild horse docs not make the person yarding it the owner, and wild unbranded cattle should be dealt with as provided by section 18 of the Im pounding Act of 1865*. They should be impounded, and the impounder is then entitled 'to two-thirds of the net pro seeds of their sale. J. B. asks: Is the proprietor of an hotel allowed for his own and boarders' amusement to play the violin in the boarders' private \- sitting room, it being a room not open to the public, without being liable to punishment by law?— Answer: A publican under the present Act is not liable to prosecution for per mitting music to be played m his private apartments, the 35th section merely prohibiting music and dancing in any part of an hotel that 'is open to public resort. M. M. asks : Would you be so kind as to inform mc in your next issue of the Mail, who the proper party would be to apply to for a situation as tramway conductor, what are the wages, and what are the hours per day ? —Answer : You would have to apply to the Commissioner for Rail ways. The hours of duty vary, as the men are required to work in shifts, though as a general rule, we do not think they are longer than those of an ordinary daily workman. We' are unable to say what a conductor's wages' are, but no doubt the Commissioner for Railways would iuform you. HALF TIME asks : I. Under what grade Half-time schools arc placed ? 2. Does the computed value of residences mean so much per annum, or is it the value of the building ? — Answer : Tbis matter has not yet been definitely arranged, but it is probable that half-time schools will be classified in accordance with the aggregate attendance at both schools. Tour next question is somewhat involved, and wc arc not sure that we rightly catch your, meaning. However, where there is no residence, a yearly allowance in lieu of such will be made, the amount to be determined by the classification of the school. Where a teacher's house does exist, the Government will see that it contains sufficient accommodation and that it is in a proper state of repair. [Several correspondents will be answered in our next. We have not had time to look at several poetical contributions which have come to hand during the last few days ; hope to say something about them next week]. 