HOEBIBLE ACCIDENT ON A. HAILWAY..- :• " • A fbightful accident happened at the Talbot {Victoria) railway station at halt-past 12: on; V the morning of Sunday, May 19, -which re - sulted in the death of Mr. John Richardson, •• the well-known draper and clothier. ' Mr; Richardson (says the Argus) went to the station • to Bee a friend off to Maryborough by the train, and in taking leavo of him when the train was in motion, was observed by Constable Dann, who was on duty, to lose his footing ^ and fall between the platform and the foot board. An alarm was given, bat not in time • to stop the train, which proceeded to Mary* borough. A party, headed by Sergeant Britt, with Dr. Massey in attendance, started with — lanterns along the line. About 150 yards from, the station, the deceased's watch and chainL.;"^ were found, with traces of blood on the edges'..} of the sleepers. Further on the party' cama^* upon the deceased's waistcoat; saturated with blood and torn to ribbons. At about a .quarter. \ of a mile further, a hoot and parts of the body were met with, but it was not until the Back Creek bridge, fully a mile and a half ' from Talbot, was reached that the "body, which presented a sickening spectacle, was . . found. Nearly every member of the body was f disjointed, but the face, although the bacx part of the head was torn away, was plainly recog-7*;; nisable. Pbepiedjo foetus TnANtcoxTixRXTAL Rail wat.—The Town and Country Journal says ' 14 JPIl wraith; M'Eachern, and Co., of London, " are understood to be investing largely in Northern Queensland station.properties, pro bably in view of the extensive trade to be dono ;; in meat expert from that colony." Death or Bladexsbgro. — The TFestern' Champion announces the death of the well . known sire Bladensburg, sire of Sunrise, by.! I Indian Warrior out of Melesina (imp.), .by; .. : Harkaway out of Poteen. The old "horse died at Messrs. Milsonand da Satges WoodlandsJ* Station on the 4 th instant, at the age of twenty-* ■ one years. / A Reukdos ix St Mass's Ckcrcu, War wicx.—Noticing Bishop Hale's visit to War wick, the Argus says:—" His Lordship took ' part in the services cn Sunday morning,' cele-' : brating Holy .Communion, the sermon being - preached by the Re\\*. James Matthews. The ' reredos over the Holy table looked very beau. _ tiful. It was surmounted with a wreath corn- ' posed chiefly of white chrysanthemums, and'5! just sufficiently relieved, for the effect of colour,' with scarlet geraniums. The text in golden letters was most appropriate to the day and. to the occasion, * They received the Holy Ghost.* The font also had its wreath, in whi'oh white:'il flowers only were displayed." * ; i * 'j The Forty Eiaui norssV Walking Match,m. in Sydney.—The termination of this matching,. • favour of Edward?, has excited no great sur- • prise, as it was known pretty well what'dis-: * tance he would covcr in the time; but-Baker'a; • performance is scarcely less praiseworthy,. • walking,15S miles 5 laps, and Kdwardvioi . 6 laps. The men cowmenccd last Friday night at 10 o'clock in the Guild Hall, Sydney, a/"' large number of persons being present" Baker '■ walked his first 5 miles in o2J minutes, and - '■ Edwards in 52. The- excitement when 24 hours had been completed was great. A SURPRISE PARTY.—At the suggestion of Mr. Abraham Phillips several individuals have formed themselves into a " Surprise Party,'" land purpose entertaining the inmates, of "Woogaroo: Asylum on the evening of ths . . Queen's Birthday, The " Party" will pro- bably number fourteen, and amongst the names of well known amateurs, who have sacrificed their own amusement on a public holiday in order to amuse the inmates, are Messrs. Deigan Cane, Hughes, and Armstrong, and they have secured the services of Mr. Compton as accom panyist. The permission of the Colonial .Secretary, through the agency of Dr. Smith has been granted, and Mr. Phillips is devoting his attention to the completion of the necessary arrangements. 