TO THB EDITOB. Sir—Your article on . the '• dear meat" ques tion which appeared in the Advertiser of this morniDg will doubtless attract an unusual amount of attention, the subject dealt with being one which heads of families are of neces sity bound to take n considerable interest in.. I cannot, therefore, allow it to pass without en tering a mild protest against it being taken in its entirety "as gospel." If the subject is worthy of ventilation, let it be done in a whole manner, not worked up into a spicy dish to tickle the palates of those who. are ever ready to condemn on the slightest provocation. The "knight of the cleaver" who has supplied you with " the curious illustration of the monstrous extortion of Adelaide butchers" has either been drawing on his imagination for the ."illustra tions" supplied, or else he has been talking about something of which be is profoundly ignorant. Your statement that " with respect to beef, the profit to the butcher is 400 or 500 per cent, and upwards" is a perfect staggerer ; as also is your information that" meat which cost the butcher |d. to Id. per pound is retailed at an average of 6d. per pound." As far as I am individually concerned there is not a ghost of truth in either of the above statements, and I doubt not if you were to interview any of the leading butchers in Adelaide they would supply you with tacts which would conclsively endorse my opinion. The present average cost of good beef is 15s. to 16s. per hundred, or nearly 2d. per lb. If this were all rump steaks or best joints, no doubt your assertion of 500 per cent, profits would have a look of tangibility; but unfortunately for your argument, and for the butchers' packets, there are shins, legs, large bones, and a quantity of waste to the tune of nearly 40 per cent. At the present time, and for weeks past, any quantity of good whelesome beef could be had retail at from Id. to 2d. per lb., but the " long-suffering public" do not accept the opportunity, but prefer grumb ling and paying a higher price for "prime joints." During the past three or four months tons of good wholesome^ meat have had to be thrown away by butchers in consequence of being unable to sell the cheaper portions of the bul lock. The evil you are complaining about, Sir, does not owe its existence to the butcher, but to the public. Let materfamilias learn how to cook a piece of meat, no matter from what part of the beast it is cut, and depend upon it the market will soon right itself. If people will persist in indulging in rump steaks and best jointB to the exclusion of the other portions they must pay for the luxury. Coming to sheep, I am glad that you have hot taken such a high standard of profits with whioh tnatimMe tb6. w"ter an(* the public ^generally. H^v^n vT11"®11 of 40J> »ad 500 per cent, in this branch 01 on5 trade ifc w0uld 11876 beeQ question atjjall,aaII.BM either entirely ignorant« . ..t^e rudiments of my businesB, and had not gatherea masbareof 0 I profits that others in my line we>Te -^tfceaing on or else that I was snrrounded fc>'81 of em j ploy6s who systematically emptied m.y tius of the fabulous profits mentioned. Agsi.'n> .,c.an only giro my experience—you must ta&O; 1®f°' what it is worth. Seventy-pound sheep! .°clx Himmel! Where do we find tfcem ? We get one or two in a flock, but flocks of them never. " And at 16s. each, or with skins off at 2d. per lb, with a certain profit of 2d. per lb !" My experience, however, doesn't quite come up to that. 1 find that the average of the best merino mutton, which costs me 16s. per head, rarely averages 54 pounds, never over 56 pounds, and that until very recently for weeks X was paying the same money for sheep poor in condition, and averaging 10 to 12 pounds each less than my above quotations. Again, my experience is that my sheep sales have resulted most weeks during the present season in an absolute loss, and the profits attached to the selling of them now are so small that I cannot estimate them. Tour illustration of the happy effects following the break-up of the "butchers' extortion" ten or eleven years ago is not kind either to the spirited gentleman who led the way or others who emulated his example. The cattle salesmen and others who suffered can best tell you the actual effect of "that complete breaking-up." —I am, &c.;, M. N.KUGELMANN. Hindley-street, May 24,1880. 