C7Y iwXly y .jv# ♦ AN OLD ENGLISH HOME : BRAMS- HILL. HOUSE. (Concluded.) Tub tvhits park-gato h hold wldo open by a poor- ne'er-do-weel in n ohnfoby- old ved ooRt — John Ellii by name. 'Row ho gotB hia living no ono knows, but if thora la a moet ol fox-houndn aaywhere within ton miles, there ho is »uro to be, holding pc-oplo'a uuriiea ur iror.iiy r& a j;mo lor Bcrny puuuiua aud oixpencc3. Tusre ir, usually euoh n hanger-on to^ every pack of houudls in England— onn who trnvoia imtneuso dis tances oa foot to turn tip in unexpected placeii and get a few liard-earn^d ohilliuKS as hie reward. Wo jor nlong uudar tb« magnificent silver furs, only to bo fqimllorl by th08fl Id tho Duke of \VolHogton's Pjrk at StrkthSeldnayo, hard by ; tbeu up the liuit nvenna which borders tho oriokot ground, whera thirty years ago tho tnor.t f amou9 mat'shea in Hampshire were playod and as wo reach the iron gates leading up to tho house our littlo knot of riders has swelled iuto a veritable 'cavalcade. x Down the drive we trot, past the Bfctibles, where the watch-dogs strain augrily at tbeir shains and a little green monkey jiDbei'B wiin xago ana excitement, ana in another momonfc we turn under the Bhadow of tho great house up to the western door. Hero all is life and bustle. TtvoDty or thirty carriages are drawn up by the wide spreading lawn: grooms are holding horses ready for their masters,- who. avo refreshing tho iniier man with cherry brandy and cold breakfast iodoora. A tinkle of bolla is heard as tho duchoss of Wellington drives herself np with her three poniea abreast, Russian fashion. Then a perfeotly-appointod brougham, with a pair of mugnificent cobs, stops in a corner, and a coldior-liko foreigner ia a rod coat holp3 out n quiot-lookiug English ludy wrapped up in. furs. She slips tuein off as her groom leads up a priceless horae for her to mount, ixnd ia a moment is in the oaddlo, and will rido as straight aa any man in tho field tqrday. Her husbaud, Count. Morella, better known as tho famous Carliat general Cabrera, whose otvunge and terrible history many yeav3 ago fascinated the gentle! English heiress, now . satistie3 his warlike spirit by fox-hunting on the besb horses that money can buy, and has settled down into a quiet English country gentleman. Tho hounds have arrived before aa. There they are— the beauties 1 — on the gcaen grass, and ~xo rido in among them to havo a word with Tom Swetman tho huntsman and good George Austin tho whip, tho lattor of whom has given me a losd over many a fenoo. Gallant Tom ! the bravest and gentloat of men, how little wo thought that ia a year or two wa should neror eee yom heaeat face again on earth 1 But you will be long romembered, though ycu; nre with us no more, aud the story will bn told for ye.irs to come of ft day when the hounrla ran iuto their fox on the S3uth-we»tern Railway. It was in a catting fifty feefc deap, with ix tremen dous fence at the top. Tom arrived just in time to nee his hounda on the raila, wich pcor Beynard dead hi their midst and tho txprcso train from Southampton ppeeding up the hill at fifty miles, an hour. He crammed hia horso over the great poat- and rails, down tho almost perpendicular side -of the oatting, whipped the hounds off, and, as the train rriBhed soreaming by, lode ont from undor thfc very wheels of the engine and up the farther bank with his rescued paok. ' Bat now our maBtor, Mr. Garth, comes down the Btepa — a signal that we mast ho longer waste time talking with our neigh bours, and like a good old friend he gives us a private programme of the way we Bhnll draw. Stirrups are lengthened or shortened, girths tightened, restive horses led away to unobserved corners whore their owners oaa try to mount without being seoo. by the assembled multitude. Siutram exeoute's a war-danoo on his hind legs, to the daligiit of some sohoolbovs in a wagonette, the terror ol their fair companions and the oxtromo disgust of his mistress at having to praotice tho haute ecole before so large au audience. Ab, my poor Sintram ! He daucod onoo too often, and one fine day oame toa sad ond by falling backward nnd breakinghis neck. Tom now corned up to the master : ' Shall we go, air ?' 'Yea — now, I think.'. . A crack of the whips and away (rots Tom, Ho wad by hia splendid paok and his two fehippere-in.. Then comes the muster, and we all crowd atter them pellmell with horsua Pjuuging and kicking, *nd ns eoon ag wo are fairly oat in tho open a kind ot .stampede takei place among the unruly young onee, and we oee many an involuntary Btoeple-cUasu ov«r th« emooth green cricket-ground. Through the dark avenues ol fir ttee- we cmtur to the temple, a little Bummer-houas ou a promontory in the sea of wood that liee below, and we stand admiring the f «r blue distant view aw&y; to the Hogeback and . the South Downs bovond Biaiugatoko aB the hounds bagin their work. There they are : you can ste their twinkling tails as they draw the heather-covered slopes beneath ub and disappear among the . golden-brown bracken, while one of the whips plunges down after them and shakes a shower of amber leaves from the silver birches as he brushes past them. . Somet&iDg; streaks away down a greon drive. A young houud gives tongue, but hiB note of triumph quiokly ohangea to a yelp as the vigilant whip catches him with (he tip oihis long lash ond roars, 'War' ? ? In hunting dialoot tho warning ' 'waro ' or ' bo, waro ' is shorienfd to ' war',' as iu the old odvioo ' Wor' horao, war' houMd, war' liool i' hare 1' Poor little man ! He has tried to run what is called a ' short-tailed fox,' and returns to the paok a sadder and a wiser dog. But now the tails twinkle faster than ever. A low whimper from somo of the old houndB, then a burst of joyous musio from the paok. ?? . ?? Gone away 1' yells Tom, standing np in his stiriaps and tooting his horn. Then that nnmiBtokable sorsooh whioh is anppoBea to mean ' Tally-ho 1' from a group of beaterB and keepers in the distanoe, and thero, against* the park-palings, a beautiful red thing soudding along the aoft ride, flat to the ground, his bushy tail flying straight be hind him. Boynard himself 1 Now let all look out for themselvea. Adien, carriages ! adieu, poor pedestrians ! We are off, and shall not Jea you»«g»in till dinner-time. Through the park-gate we itteani' away, down th» fir avenue, along the Welah Ridp. We havo got a splendid atari, and our horsea fly on beside Counties Horella, who looks the perieolion of a hunting lady .In her plain neat habit jast down to her feet. Reynard is making for Coombei'i Wood, but tho earths w«re sll stopped this morning at four o'clock ; so away ho speeds again, leaving the rectory and its lovely msadows and the dear old chnrab below ub— away past th» boga where tho cottou-gtass and the fljoatcher, the blue gentian and tho yellow afphodel, grow among the treacherous to* sooks-»way to Evenley Wood. Here tho »amef&e-;» faggot or three o* font sods in the mouth of eaoh-hole— awaits him; bo, ohwBWghls tactics, he strlkei^boldly across Hartfordbrldgo Flats for Lard Calthorpe's woods at Elvetham.. ,t And now woo to the unwary or to the newcomer who thinka our heather, covered moors aro sU plain laUlag ; j for along ttem run long lines of ruts, the re mains of tho old paok-ro»d of tho.M.ddle Ages, worn by tho traffic of conturiOB and now covered deep in purple heath. The only -way to get over them^un ess you stop and walk, Ms to jump boldly into the middle, like the man in the nursory thyme, and then jump out again; horses that Save been in the country for a_while soon torn to do this. But some lueklea* ensign; who hag lately joined hit) resriment r.fe Aldorshot comes down bodily, and horBO and man roll and struggle in the deep ruts whioh ? William tho Conqueror's paok horsoB helped to tri?ad out as they came from London to Winchester. Now tho woods are drnwiug near, and wo cross tho old London road — tho high-road between tho mutropolia and Southampton — along whioh ninoty stoge-conches ran every day in the good old times, A uiilo off to our right, down Star Hill, lios tho famous White Lion Inn, now a miserablo pot-house, where Georgo IV. used lo slay, aud whoro, on tho day that tho London and South -Western Railway was opened, ths old OEtlor cut his throat in shcor despair, fo? Othollo's occupation w»a gone. Ton mfleii up tho road Itea B.ignhofc '.Hoath, the terror of Crtwollors ia thoao coaching claya. There ntootl, and ntands atiU, a littlo waysido Inn called the Golciou Pinner, whera inanj of the coaches stopped tolwattrthe horfien. Tho wearied travellers of the oud of last century, touched by the toadcr solicltutla of ths charming landlord, confided to his sym pathetic ear their fears of the higbwayau-:i who woro Kaid to infest tho hoath. Cheered aud encouraged with nflBuronces from their host of tho perfeot safety of tbo porticuhr road they Intended taking, tho travollor3 eet out. But usually, vchen they had youo about amilo, the oonoh would stop witU a Buddjn jerk, and a maeked man on a mngaificent horto would rido \in. nlfitol in hund. and doinaud their money or their Ufa. Somer tlmus serlom encouuter* took phc3 with this leader and his bam), nod then tfas vfounded aod tftrrlOod victlrca would drag theineelvcu back ta tho Golden Farmer, whore tho hoo*, full ot comuiissraMoa for their rahfortunon, would lnvioh or.ro and Uind'oBn upon thorn. This went ou for years, and it was not until hundreds of robberies, bud beoa committed that tho discovery was mado oE tho identity of tho fascinating landlord and tho desperato captain oE the highwaymen. Slauy avo the tile3 tho old pooplo at Eversley u?od to toll oE tho ' gentlemen of the road' in their fathers' aud grand fi'.thers' time. Even in quiot Eversley itself, a curate, lived somo huudred years a-jo whoso strango career ended on this gallows. He owned a splendid black horso, which no ono over saw him mount. But it was whi3perad that if anyone peeped iuto ita stable iu the morning tho beautiful creature _ was Boon covered with i'oum, bathed in porapiration, trembling bb it' it hud juat corno in from a long gallop ; and at last it was found out that Parson Davby belonged to tha gang of highwaymen on Bagshot Heith. Ho was caught rod handed, aud hanged close to the Golden Farmer, in chains on a gibbot, of which the posts wero still standing foi-ry years ago. But what became of his black horso no one ever could tell mo. ' Now the London road is as s:\fo hnd quiet! aa auv other wsll-hept highway, and tho wildest p»SEanger3 upon it aro a few wandering gipsieB, who travel up and down it from fair to ruca !\ad from rauo to fair. Bat Bsynard is speadlng away through tho plocosiut fir-woods, end we are following him na fast aa wo can lay logo to ground scrambling over the rotten banks, scurrying along ihe noffc rldas, lying low on oar saddles to avoid tho sweeping boughs, and watching, with all our eyes, for tho ollppery rootnthat crawl along the surface ot the sandy soil. Down through the boga, across tha bridge by tho home farm, past the park, into the fallow field*; with half-a-doieh tremandouB fences, which eend my heart np in'.o my throat till Sintram lr.nda ma safe over each, iuto tha fir-wooda asaln, up to the fooS of the Qiioen's Mounts ; and chers, where good Qu«ea Bjh3 asA and watched the deer being driven up to her feet, do we run into our gallant fox, and a ' Whoohoop 1' from Tom, proclaims that Rjynard is no more. But our ran has led us far from homo, dud while tha fiotiada trot on to Dormers field F-trk to draw tho coverts of the descen dantn of the old regicide Hildmay, let ub wend our way onco more to Bramanill aud linger a while longer about the tejracea and gurduns of the dear old house. Come back with me, gentlo voader, through the iron gates under tha crumbling nrohw.'.ys of tha pleasauncs, wliera the /Virginia creepor twines its delicate wreaths and glorifies the old etoueajin Rutumn with s. flash of (lam«. The troco- ground, with ite green turf as emooth cu a billiard table, is juotj,as it was in the days of King James. Tlura in the centre ia the iron riug through whioh the lordB aud d»mes drove the heavy wooden troco-b&lls; ; and if you go.into the garden-hall through that arched corridor you will see ths actual balls that they used, and the long poles, with a kind of iron cup at their ends,, with which the playora pushed thorn— forerunnera of ths modern croquot boz that lies besido them. Under the sunny walls run straight, wide bordeiE, where tho bees make merry among pinks and lilies, mignonette and gilli-llo wers ; and the walls themnalves are tangled with old-fashioned roses and hoDoyeuckles. One double yellow rose troe, ot prodigious ago, is kept - as the apple of tho gardener's eye. Tradition tell* chat it was brought a hundred veacs ago (rom DamaBouo— a 'act which I am quite willing to believe, for the knotted stem tells its own atory, and certainly there nover was a sweater roie or one more worthy of coming from tho far-famed gardens of. tho Bist. Many a thousand blossoms havo I picked from' its descendants, foe it is tha ancestor of a hardy race ; ovoiy suckor of the family grows and thrives in the poorest soil, and covers itself oaoh Jane with a thick mass of oauary-ooloured blossoms. Dating tbe three weeks that the yellow briars wero in flower every room in Everoley Etotory was deoked out with flat bowls ol them ou a ground of green ferns, and pnrple-blaok paneieB mingled with their golden blooms. Bound about the house- masses of an other . yellow flower are planted with no sparing hand — the great Si. John's wort, It 1b pleaBant to look upon, but it has anotlur valuo. Dare I t;eU It In the - nine teenth century, this age of railroads and telegraphs and iron-dads, when space and time aro In a fair way to be annihilated, and nothing is so sacred that it may not ba questioned, no ' problem io hard that men may- not try to oolveit ? Io tha days when BramBhill House was built, our forefathers believed firmly hi a whole unieen or rarely- ^ seen world around them of fairies, /ghosts, ' spirits, and. witches. In aorne outoftua way, corners in Eogland— even ia these days of board eciiools and competitive examinations, when wo are told that King Arthur never existed and that William Tell is a ' sun-myth'— somo rem nants of this belief still linger. InDevon ihlrt, folis speak shyly and with bated breath ot the ' good peoplo ;' aud even ia the year of graoe, 1879, a Warwickshire labourer was had up before the magistrates for having with a pitchfork half killed a poor old woman whom he declared to bo a witob.- But be that as it may, in tho reign of James I. no one doubted tha existence of tho spirit-world about us, and on St. John's Eve all its denizens, good and bad, were supposed to wander freely where they would. One only thing they feared, and that was the great St. . John's wort. ' Therefore, all who wish«d to guard houao and home from the unwelcome visitors, who pinched the maids, turned the milk eonr and plagued their victims with a thousand impieh tricks, planted It freely about their gardena ; and thus it is that you tee its golden flower;) amid their shining rich green leaves and crimton shootB round nearly sll old Eoglieh homo. Do not laugh at theso old fables, gentle reader. When we wander over the green turf and through the , wida halls wo seem to have opened a door that leads ualbaok into the past out of 'the turmoil of the nineteenth century. 'Aid surely for a moment it can do ub no harm to leave our striving, hurrying, anxious modern life, and piotnre to ourselves the days. when our. 'forefathers, may be.were ignorant and superstitions, but when they know how to bnild and how to fight and how to writo-r tho days ivhon England hoeamo ' a neBt of singing birda.' — lioso O. Kingslctj, in Lippincott's Magazine. '.aV'l 