fpsallang. A Oat Oaix.—A correspondent of .Nature tolls the following story of-feline intelli gence s—Many years ago wo lived in Cam bridsKv at tho, back of Emmanuol College. the premises were partly out off from tho road by a high wall; the body of tho houso I stood back" some littlo distance. A high | trellis, dividing off tho garden, ran from tlio ? entrance door to tho wall, in which was I another door or gate. A portion of tho I house, a gable, faced tho trellis. ? These par ticlular? are necessary, as you -will seo. We ' were, after some timo of residence, extremely 1 troubled by " run-away-bell-iings," gene i rally most prevalent at night, and in rainy, bad or cold weather, whioh was a great annoyanoo to tho servant mrls, who hud to orosa tho epaco between tho house and the wall to open the outer door in the latter, and wero thus exposed to wet' and cold. Tho. i annoyanoo became so great that at length a. cousin and myself, armod with wioked ash saplings, watohed behind tho trees, bent on , administering a sound thrashing to the enemy, whoever he was, that disturbed our domestic peace Mirable dicta I The ringe continued, but no ono pulled tho boll handle ! Being a vory old houso, they wore now, of course, set down to ghosts! But not believ ing in those gentry, I was puzzled. Chance, howevor, revealed tho originator of tho scaro. Being ill, I waa confined to tho wing facing the trellis, nnd ono miserable, blowing, wot day, gazing disconsolately out of thewindow,-- I "espied my favourite cat—a singularly intelligent animal, muoh petted-Yjoming along the path, wet, draggle-tailed, " and miflorablo. Pussy marched up to the house-' door, sniffed at it, pushed it, mowed, but finding it firnny shut, clambered | up to tho top of the trellis, some] eight or ton feet trom tho gtoand, reaohed a i paw over tho edge, saratchod till she found the boll-wire which ran along the upper rail from the wall to the house, oaushfcbold of it, gAvo it a hearty poll, then jumped down and waited demurely at tho door. Out oamo tho maid, in rushed pass. The former," after gazing vaguely up and down tho street, returned, muttering "blessings," no doubt, on the ghO?t, to be confronted by mc in the hall. " Well, Lydia, I havo at last found out who rings the bell." " Lard, master, ye harvont, surely"—she was broad " Zatmsrzetshoer." " I havo; come and seo. Look out of the breakfast room window, bat don't show your self." Meanwhile I went into the drawing room, where Mrs. Pass wa? busy drying her self before tho fire. Catohing her np, I popped her outside ot tbe door and ran round to my post of observation. Fuss triod tlio door and mewed, thinking probably, soma ono most be near, and after waiting two or three minutes ia vain, again sprang np the trellis and renewed her attack on the boll wiro v of cuurse to be immediately admitted by tho dolightod maid, who this timo did not cross the yard, nor ever again, I fear some times to the inoonvenienoo ot visitors, i( puss was waiting for admission. Now I tblok that no ono ever taught that oat how to ling the boll by palling tho wire. To my mind she mast have gone through tha follow ing prooess of rea?oning: 1. She nolioed that whenever the bell rang the door opened. 2\. In clambering up the trellis to tho houso top she aooidontly moved tho wire and oaused the bell to ring. Thi? probably ooonnod several times before sho notioed it, bat haviug onoe dono to she repealed it, purposely, whenever she wanted entrance ; I have often mate her do it for. the amusement of friends by turning her out frcm hor snug neet by the fire on cold or wet days. A volcamo eruption in the south-wosteru part of Icoland, of which intclligenco has only lately comoto hand, proves to have been olotely contemporaneous with terrestrial dis turbances in Southern Europo, including tho recent outbreak of Mount Etna. The Use of Pais.—Tho power which rules tho universe, this great, tender power, uses pain as a signal of danger. Just, generous, beautiful nature novor strikes a foul blow, novor attacks us behind our. backs j novor digs pitfalls or lays ambuscades; never wears a smilo'upon her face when thero is von geanco in .her heart, i Patiently sho toaohes ua her laws, plainly sho writes her warning, tenderly sho graduates their fofoo. Long beforo tho fierco, red danger light of pain is flashed, sho pleada with us—na though for her own sake, not ours—to bo merciful to ourselves and to each other. Sho makes tho overworked brain to wander from tho subjeot of its labours. She turns tho over indulged body against tho delights of yester day. These aro hor caution - signals, "Go slow." Sho BtandH in tho filthy courts aud alleys that wo pass daily, and beckons us to. enter and rcaliso with our senses what wo allow to exist in tho midst ef tlie culturo of whioh vre brag. And what do wo do for ourselvesP We ply whip and spur on the jaded brain as though it were a jibing horse— 1 force it, back into tho road which leads to i madness, and go en full gallop.. Wo drug tho Tcbolliou? body with stimulants, wo hide i the original and think we have escaped tho danger, and aro very festive before night. Wo turn aside,- aa the Pharisee did of old, and pass on tho other side with our hand kerchief to our noso. At last, having broken Nature's laws, and disregarded hor warn ings, forth she comes—drums beating, colours flymg—right in front! to punish us. Then wo go down on our knees and whimper about it having pleased God Almighty to send this affliction upon us, and wo pray him to work a miracle in order to reverse tho natural con sequences of our disobedience, or Bavo us from the tronblo of doing our duty. In other words, wo put our lingers in the firo and beg thnt it may not hurt.— Pimple bar. Aneodots ot Geoeqb I.—"Wiille Geurge I. of England, was travelliug in Holland, ho oaiao to a town wherein livod inflnoctia! Eoople who had, as he thought, inaliguud im, and be swore, with a big oath, that ho would not tarry thoro even for a meal. Thu day on whioh he arrived at the town in question was exceedingly fair, and while bis servants were engaged la exchanging horses, and making new arrangement of baggage, the king went in person to the door of the principal ion and asked tor three fresh eggs and a measure of new milk. The artioles were brought, and disposed of, and when his majesty asked what was to pay, he was told—'* twohandred florins," " Two hundred fioiins I" etied the king, aghast. " Blood I an' 'onn's I are eggs so mighty scarce in ? this plaoo?" "Hot at all," replied Boniface, 1 With entire honesty," but hints an/" Tub remarkable phenomenon known as St. I Euno'a firo haa again been observed in Switzerland,, this timo by a party of .moun taineers, on tho Grass Glboknor mountain. While engaged in tho ascent they were over taken by a tremendous "thunderstorm. To observers at a distance tho electric fluid appeared to.W striking in and about tho entire company, and to the members of tho party themselves all naturo soeined- suddenly aflame. " Gentlemen, we shall all bo struck dead," said their guide ;*" but what does it matter P Tho lightning might have killed iv if wo had been in oar beds," The intense glare completely blinded them all -for tho tinie being; and when their sight returned, each was seen hv his companions to bo en veloped in a stream of electric flro. Sparks flow from heads; beards, coats, and hats,- und even from their alpoustoekn .into the snow. Notwithstanding their imminent peril, however, all escaped. Tho danger.to which they were oxposed may be appreciated when we state that hundreds of goats have been killed in the Alps thii year by lightning. Pisieb Baih, of Bourgeval, Franco, gained, the consent of hia sweetheart to marry, and; 'started for home, singing joyously aa ho went. The girl listened to his voice aa ho crossed a field, and noticed that it stopped > suddenly in the mlddlo of tlio song. This, odd breaking off excited her wonder. Shoj went to learn tho cause, and found her lover, murdered. A rival 'had overheard - him," .followed him, and struok him down, from' behind: . ' At least one,vine-grower in tho Island of; Maderia has sucooeded in cheeking the devastations of the phylloxera insect in his; vineyards. He nnoovers -the -lower stem and roots of eaoh plant aa for a.s ho safely may, bams the loose bark on which the insects usually gather, or treats it with, boiling water, and finally eouts both stem nnd roots with a preparation of resin and turpentine" in tho proportions of threo and a holt ounces ot tho former to a quart t-t tho latter. This mixture ia Adherent and I 'cohesive. It 'destroys the insects touched.! by it, and finally rostorestho plant to health.! A .BnnrnisMa Escape,—A remarkable ' freak of lightning ia recorded in a French ] newspaper. A farm labourer, running for 'shelter, was Euddenly thrown to the ground,; the fork he carried on his shonlder being wrenohed from his grasp and carried through the air to a distance ol fifty or sixty yards.: Tho prongs were bent and twisted with ' Well-iiiah mathematical into the' shape of oorksoisws, tho steel being barnt, and formed, on ita exterior surfaoo, into small laminm whioh emitted a slightly sulphurous odour. ? The labourer escaped' without injury. ' The oflioera of a Daman war vossel which has been cruising about tho coast of Iceland daring the fishing season report meeting great masses of driftwood in tha sea to the north of the island, and cay that tho farther north they wont tho moro tuero was of it, They Cootdw't Got Evex.—l was looking over tho stories that wero sent in last week for tho prize,viind I wonder that the oditor did not insert this ono, which is really too good to bo lost: " Thoro ia a curious duel now pending in Boston, which began severol v years ago. Mr. A., a baoholor, challenged, ITr. 8., a married man, witli, one child, who replied that tho conditions were not equal; that ho must necessarily put moro at risk with his lifo thun the other, and he declined. A year afterwards ho rcoeived a chollengo from Mr. A., who stated that he, too, had now a wife and child, aud ho supposed, therefore, the objection of Mr. B. was no longer valid. Mr. B. replied that ho now had two children, consequently tho inequality ?still oxistcd. Tlio next year Mr. A. renewed his chidlengo, having now two ohildrcn also; but hia adversary had three. The matter, when last heard from, was still going ou, the numbers being six to seven, and thoohallonge yearly rouewed."— London Truth. Fiioii tho Monthly (formerly tho Quarterly) Journal of Science, wo learn that Dr. A, W. Lyte recommends oil of sassafras as a remedy fur th - bite of the oopperhoad snake. He says iv is not only an effoaluall antidote in snch cases, but a detractive agent as applied to mcrcis, A FitENcn meteorologist, Monfl. E Itenon, prediot? .? senas of bad seasons in Europe from ti-t ptesent timu uutii tho summer of 1--83 luolusivo. He expocls tho winter ot 1881-1882 to be an exceedingly severe ono. Ik EOVerAl Btates of Europe tho oensus ban reoently afforded evidence ol tbo superior longevity of women. Of centenarians tho proportion is two hundred aud forty- one women to ono hnudred and forty-one mon in Italy ; two hnndred and - twenty-nine women to one hundred and eighty-three men in Aus tria ; nnd five hundred and twenty-six women to five huudrod and ..twenty-four men in Hungary. Mobdebkhs Repaying Btoleh Money.— One of the slrauue features ia tbe .double murder in the Faubourg St. HonoiG, that has for some timo been the talk ol Paris, is the faot that tho murderer thought lit to write to the widow of his master and viotim to inform her that it was only for tho sake of robbery that bo committed his crime, I have taken about eighty pounds," he says, in conclusion, "with wbtoh money I mean tD make my fortune; and I pledge myself ts return it to you some day." Extraordinary ua the sciuplo msy look, this is not tho first time that a murdorer, without apparently feelWK much remorse for -the deed in itself, has given signs of being quito awake to the pecuniary liability which it entails. Thus tho Marquis do Salverte, whoso father was murdered at San Domingo about a quarter ot a osntury ago, received by post, alter the lapse of a few years, a sum of eight thuusand poaudo, with notioa that it was a restitution of tho amount robbed, from 'the murderer hiuuolf, who had made his fortune, but diolmed to give his cams and address. In another oaso, a Parisian senator was for years in .-receipt of 1 a monthly installment of eight pounds from t London, the sender ot whioh was unknown, with notioa that tho amount would bo fulth- ! coming to complete the payment of a bum of twenty-tour thousand Irnnos robbed from one of his nnoles after murder.— Zondon World. Ah inspection ot pork has boen established by law in tbe city ot Berlin on account of the prevalence of triehiniasis. The offioiaL inspectors aro required to employ tho mioroecope in tbtir examination. Butchers are forbidden to cut up or sell any pork until furnished with a outtiuoate that it ia, free from trichit to. Iv evidence of this, tho iaepootora are also required to Btamp the slaughtered animal itself. At tho battle oE Senef the Princo of Conde sunt word to Marshal do Nevuilles to bo ready to engage the enemy. The messenger found him hearing Mass, at whioh the Prince, being enraged, muttered something in abuse of over pious persons. But tho Marquis, having evinoed the greatest heroism during tho engagement, said after it to tho Princo," YourhighneES I fancy, now sees that those who pray to God behave as well in battle as their, neighbours." ? Maiay Cubby.-—Out a chiokon into joints, and put it into a etewpau- with2oz. of blanched uhnonds, browned in a. frying paii, and pounded to a oreain with an onion and tho peel of half a lemon; mix a large spoon ful of tumeric and half a teaspoonful of cayenne pepor in a breakfast cupful of water. Put the whole into a stewpan,, put ourry powder in according to taste, and let it alin intr'about twenty minutes; add a toaspooh ful of cream, lot it; boil up onoe, and before dishing squeeze in the juice of a lemon. 7 . FnEsoa Cases.—Tako 1 Jib. 'of flour, 1 small teaoupful of yeast, half a pint of milk warmed, lib. of butter, and four eggs. Make a hole in the flqur, and. pour into it the milk, eggs, and yeast; mix them all : well together ; beat the dough, adding the butter by degrees. Let it Btjmd for one hour to 'rise,' then take half a. pound of sifted sugar, and mix it well in with the dough, butter the cups or pahs, put in the dough, and ornament the top with candied orange cr lemon peel. .... 