THE MORAL EVIDENCES OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. (From the ' Gtjabdian.') To the reverent student Scripture is its own witness ; and this wit ness to its own truth is very largely due to that which for the pur poses of this paper I will describe as its ' moral evidences.' By this I mean that verisimilitude or probability which a history derives from the natural and consistent action of the different persons engaged in its various events, separately or as a whole. The evidence thus supplied will differ much both in kind and in value. If we regard the history as a whole, we shall take into accpunt the agreement of its general character and action with the nnuntrv and ueriod in which it is represented to have occurred. Or if, on the other hand, we trace the action of the separate characters, we shall measure their personal consistency, and the pro priety in this respect of the part which they play with, reference to the various circumstances in which they are placed. Obviously it would require the very highest literary skill to arrange a fiction of any magnitude, in which all the characters should move consistently with themselves, and the whole result fit in naturally and easily with the era of the world's history in which the narrative should be cast. The writer who should produce this might rightly claim the highest place in authorship. Turn, for example, to Hamlet. The world will never weary of analysing a character so remarkable at once for its depth and for its truth. Yet I imagine that it would not be difficult to point out an anachronism in Hamlet's sentiments and language as placed in Denmark in any century of our era. The novels of Sir Walter Scott would never endure so severe a scrutiny. Yet did they effect to be history, as distinguished from historical, one single important failure would be fatal to their claim. On the other hand, the general events of a story may be perfectly in accordance with the spirit and circumstances of the age ; and yet the separate characters act so inconsistently with themselves, and with the general standard of human motives, as to throw discredit upon the whole narrative. But, in addition to these, there occur from time to time isolated and oftentimes trivial features in a story, in which the naturalness of the incident is so striking, and, at the same time, so obviously in artificial, as to convey the most irresistible impression of truthful ness ; and where such an example occurs in a work of acknowledged fiction, it is recognised as a mark of great skill and delicacy of per ception on the part of the author. An instance in point would be the meeting of Hector andAndromaclie, with the shrinking of the child from the glancing of its father's helmet, or the eicx^fitas ireaeiv of Iphigeneia. Indeed, it is very interesting to observe how frequent such incidents are in the old ballad poetry, and how large a proportion of its charms is derived from them. If then — such is my argument — we are in possession of a narrative, which, professing to be a true history, is in all these respects perfectly true to nature ; if the events recorded are in complete harmony with the character of the time and country ; if the several personages, and those of great number and variety, act always with marked, often with unexpected consistency ; and if, in addition, the narrative abound in such minor incidents as carry with them the impression of undersigned and perfectly inartificial verisimilitude, surely the conclusion is irresistible either that the narrative is historically true, as it claims to be, or thai; it is the work of the most skilful and elaborate artists. I propose to submit the narrative of the New Testament in a brief, tentative manner to these tests. It is open to every student to carry out the method for himself into almost indefinite detail. Now, the circumstances of the time and place of the Gospel his tory are tolerably well-known to us : and that they should be so is not a little remarkable. We could not with equal facility ascertain the social condition of many other nations of that time. Of the con temporary life of the classical countries we have, indeed, a fairly distinct knowledge ; and with these the later portions of our history are brought so much into contact that they supply no unimportant tests by which to try them. But of other countries — as of Damascus, Babylon, or the Northern European tribes — we know scarcely anything whatever. The scene of the history is first laid in Palestine, in a nation boasting a miraculous history and claiming to be possessed of a special revelation of divine truth. The spirit of pride thus nurtured was at that time fretting under a foreign and heathen occupation ; and. the most bitter conflict of sentiments agitated all classes of society. High sacerdotal claims were at issue with important considerations of State. The Pharisee was met by the colder and ostensibly less spiritual temper of the Sadducee ; whilst the Herodians represented the tendency of the more cautious politicians to acquiesce in existing arrangements. Frequent insurrectionary movements agitated the masses, whilst all this while there was — as the record of the holy family, at Nazareth reveals — a quiet, deep, and silent life of humble and unobtrusive piety amongst those who were content to walk in the ordinances of the law blameless, ' waiting for the hope of Israel.' How various, then, and how conflicting were the national and the social eddies into the midst of which the sacred history is cast 1 Surely it must have been a work of no ordinary genius so to construct a fictitious narrative as to com bine and harmonise all these differing elements. But in the Gospel narrative we find them all. Simeon and Anna, Nathaniel and the sons of Zebedee, the priests of the Sanhedrim, the rulers, scribes, and elders, the noblemen of the Court at Capernaum, the foreign soldier, the native collector of foreign taxes, the fishermen of Galilee, and the wilder tribes of Syrophoenicia or of Gadara, all move naturally upon the scene. There is no clashing, no inconsistency ; there is a crowd of actors appropriate to Palestine and to no other country upon earth, and to no other era of that country. Later on the scene changes. Cities so contrasted with each other as Rome, Corinth, Athens, and the towns of Asia Minor are all involved in the course of events ; and all preserve their character. And the incidents attributed to one city could not be transferred to another without manifest impropriety. Jews act as Jews, Romans as Romans, Greeks as Greeks, Athens i appears as the city of a fading intellectual activity ; Rome as : that of practical rule and business-like activity Ephesus as the : home of a still popular but decaying superstition. There is, indeed, no attempt to describe them as such. The character of each shows itself in the most natural and unobtrusive way, and in all this there is, aB I would contend, a vast weight of inoral.proibability . Now from this let us turn to the individual characters of the narrative, and we shall find, I am persuaded, the very same pro priety— the corresponding consistency in action. But to appreciate this, we should observe that not only are the characters introduced very numerous, and the circumstances in which they are represented as acting very various, but the more important among them are described to us as undergoing a great and important change in sentiment and in character, and yet act consistently with themselves and with their altered circumstances. The fishermen of Q-alilee become the apostles of their risen Master.; the disciple of Gamaliel the apostle to the Gentiles ; St. Peter passes through the tremendous moment of his denial and repentance ; the whole band, through the utter prostration of all their hopes in the crucifixion, and their renewal in the resurrection. To represent them all as acting consistently alike with their natural character and their changed convictions would surely argue a vast gift of moral insight and of analysis of character in the author of a fiction; and in the absence of such capacity can be referred only to the simple truth of-M ?the narration. Compare for an instant the insipidity of the characters of the Mneid, ' fortemque Gyam, fortemque Clyanthem,' Anchises,^ lulus, or 2Eneas himself. Let an artist attempt to draw from them - materials for a vivid, expressive, life-like portrait. Yet St. Peter, and : St. Paul, and St. John, or Judas, or Pilate, or Felix, or the woman at the well, or she who brake the alabaster box of oint ment, have all impressed real, distinct images upon the imaginations - of mankind. No instance, perhaps, is so remarkable as that of St. Paul. There*. is no character of fiction or of history which presents an individuality so marked and strong. He is neither Jew nor Gentile, but Jew- . tempered by Gentile association; and I believe that I say truly when ? I assert that there is no other author known to antiquity, whether ?? Oriental, Jew, or Greek, or Roman; no, nor do I believe any of modern times, even educated in Christian schools, to whom the magnificent description of charity in 1 Cor. xiii. could with the - remotest plausibility be referred than St. Paul himself alone. There is in it a combination of philosophical thought, of intense fervour, of lofty expression, and of Christian sentiment which could be found in ? no other, nor in St. Paul himself, but for the extraordinary combina tion of circumstances which met to form and discipline a character ? --. of such great natural powers, and such great natural warmth and : energy. Other passages, other single expressions, might be mentioned ; but; : the example which I have quoted appears to me most striking in its consistency. To transfer it to the pages of Aristotle, or even Plato, would be simple absurdity. Nor even could we imagine it to come ? from any one of his brother apostles, nor indeed from any father or - great moralist of the Church, except so far as they are formed upon his model. And yet I cannot refrain from referring to the words of 'Paul the aged,' 'now ready to be offered' — hopeful, and of good courage, though deeply sensible of the feeble faith and cruel desertion^ of his friends, as the most natural (and on that account most poetical), though even to a true poet most difficult, picture of the closing scene of such a life — of such a character. I have not ventured to analyse, nor will I dwell at any length upon that which is indeed the chief and central character of the whole. Yet I would ask the reader to consider for one moment how enormous, how almost insuperable, is the task to portray perfection. Yet, by . the confession of all, the character of the blessed Jesus, as represented.' in the Gospels, does convey the distinct impression of absolute perfection. Think for an instant what perfection implies ; what a true ? balance and disposition of every part ; what a due proportion of moral and intellectual powers, and a complete harmony of both ; what strength combined with gentleness ; what purity with deep affec tion; what moral indignation at wrong joined with a tender consideration for the weakness and infirmities of men. Think of ' this, and you will not suppose such portraiture within the com- pass of the fishermen and publicans of Galilee. And then observe another point, and one of extreme interest — namely, that this r perfect character and perfect life is combined in our narrative with ; an element most difficult to draw, and most difficult harmoniously to combine with human action — I mean the possession and exercise of ? miraculous powers — and you will see that the force of the argument is heightened indefinitely. From our present point of view there is nothing in the Gospels more remarkable than this. The miraculous powers of Jesus harmonise in every instance of their exercise with ? these His moral perfections. Had He indeed called down fire from heaven, had He consented to command the stones to be made bread, , or thrown Himself from the pinnacle of the temple to display His Messiahship, or had He come down from the cross and saved Him- . self, all would have felt the jar and inconsistency with, the divine beauty of His character ; but it is no slight argument in support of ? the truth of His miracles that they blend so exquisitely with the moral perfection of His life. Surely this, at least, is beyond the powers, I do not say of Galilean peasants, but of almost any author of any age or country satisfactorily to invent. And yet there is one other striking feature in the GoBpel narrative to my mind no lesB conclusive as to its truth. It is this. Our blessed Lord is there described as risen from the dead. And yefc, though clothed certainly in the mystery of His resurrection, He is still the same Jesus. He who, when that He was risen, appeared unto Simon, and afterward appealed thrice to his love for Him as He charged him to feed His flock, is the same JesuB who in the ; judgment-hall turned and looked upon him after his denial. He ? who conversed with the two disciples journeying to Emmaus, wfio appeared to rebuke and to confirm the doubting faith of Thwnas, is the 'very same Jesus of whom we have read in Galilee and in Jerusalem in the days of His humiliation ; yet the humiliation itself has passed away. Now, how utterly unlike is this to the marvel-mongering of an apocryphal, gospel 1 Indeed, how different is this simplicity from what. a really great author of fiction would have thought essential to his - representation ! Suppose, for example, that any master of language or of character had introduced the raising of Lazarus into his fiction, what efforts should we not have had to trace upon the resuscitated soul the effects of his four days' communion with the dead I And what failure would inevitable have marked those efforts. So we may rest assured that the corresponding failure, only in a far higher degree, must have marked any attempt to construct a history and portraiture of Christ after His resurrection. There remains one other, the last kind of evidence, and but little time to illustrate it. I refer to those slight incidents, occurring obviously without any artifice or design, which from their exquisite truth to nature contribute irresistibly to establish the truth of the whole story. I mention that first which is, perhaps, of all the greatest, and of which, had it occurred in any classic author, we should never have ceased to hear. I mean the Lord's turning and looking upon Peter, and striking conviction into his heart. But there are many others. There is one which has in it that kind of naturalness which always provokes a smile — when the person does that which is of all things mosb unsuited to the occasion, and yet most natural for the character to do. I refer to the maidservant who, when. St. Peter stood without knocking, instead of instantly opening the door and offering him refuge, ran away saying that it was his ghost. Of a different kind is the answer of the Syrophoeniciart woman — or the movement of the young man who turned away sorrowful, for he had great possessions — the inconsistency of the people at Lystra, who, having wished to sacrifice to Paul and Barnabas, would immediately afterward have stoned them because they refused the divine honours. There was a true touch of nature in the proposal 'to examine these men by scourging, and let them' go.' The same inconsistency with which men shrink even from the merciful manifestation of supernatural power, appears alike in the cry of St. Peter and in the entreaty of the Gadarenes that our Lord would depart out of their coasts. To all which has been said I have to add but one remark — that this history of which we speak was written in the most uncritical age, and reserved for the most critical. How the people of that age could have written, the apocryphal Gospels may suggest. How unique in literature are the Epistles of' St. Paul may be realised after reading those of Clement, or Barnabas, or the Apostolic Fathers. And as it must be confessed that different kinds of evidence are specially adapted to the satisfaction of different ages, it may be that to our own, prepared by long study and practice of moral analysis, it is; reserved in anything like its fulness to re ceive and to appreciate the moral evidences of Holy Scripture. . J. L. B, 