A 2 ID. DA IK STOIRY. CHIAFIER I. TrEnr. is an evil neighbourhood in London -in the heanrt of Lolndon-in the black heart of London-and this is what it is like: A nlabyrinthl of narrow streets, bordered by rows of houses, tottering, crumbling, darl;some, sinister, meuncing a fall-streets which at every twenty or thirty yards show sudden chinks, opening into frowsy courts and pestilential alleys. A ncighbourhood very noiseless of anight, when its inhabitants are abroad, keeping, while they exercise their trade, as far as possible away from home-a homo justly named " Jack Ketch's Warren," and as such "attended to " by the police. The " Warren " is vile at all times, but the night we are about to view it in makes it worse. A rain that pierces to the marrow; a fog clammy and unctuous-a fog to be cut with a knife. Looming through the fog, butting it away with his heavy sihouldcrs, broad and strong as the bows of a Dutch lugger, comes a man. A slouching fellow, creeping by instinct near the wall, rubbing against door-posts, furtively eyeing the darkened openings of alleys, a bundle under his arm, a pipe in his mnouth-a fellow with bull-dog visage and panther-tread-a thief I A rare subject for the physiognomist to leoture upon. A fellow with small, twinkling, cunning eyes, closely neighbouring each other; a flattened nose like an inverted ace of spades; no eyebrows, buta bony, hairless ridge protruding as much as the hose retreated; a mouth hard and coarse, with a lower jaw heavy and hard as a clump of wood roughly hewn by a carpenter's axe. His figure was thick-set and strongly built, supported upon a pair of sturdy legs, which nature, ever conseiderate, had bowed outwards, the better to carry a weight which otherwise must have been oppressive. To art, the individual in question owed but little. A battered billy-cock hat; a large rough coat, with buttons the size of crown pieces; corduroy trousers, and a pair of mud-en crusted ankle-jacks, completed a costume which, if not exactly elegant, was useful, and on a night like this comfortable in the extremo. One peculiarity in this gentleman's visage remains to be noticed-a peculiarity with which, being of a retiring disposition and averse to.attracti.g the public regard, he would gladly have disp;ensed with. The lceft side of his fec, nearly covering the entire cheek, showed a dark- blue scar, from which among his friends he derived his euphonic appellation of Powder Blue. This disfigurement had arisen from an accident. Drying some gunpowder in a pan over a fire in the Australian bush, a spark had ignited the whole, and the powder not only shaved away his then bushy whiskers, but left marks, upon one cheek at least, as if he had been cunningly tattooed by a New Zealand savage. "It's like my luck," lie would observe in his usual grumbling tones; " as if I warn't sufliciently marked by the perlice, but I must go and markle mysulf. As much us if I said, ' here's Joe Bradley' (this was what he always termed his "catechiz' " name), ' conwickl; come and take him.' I'm blessed if when I see myself for the fust time after the blow up in a looking- glass if I didn't feel inclined to starve decent and turn honest man. But my means," hlie would add whcu telling the story to his cronies, "was sich I couldn't afford it. Ser-ci-it-y had entered into a conspiracy ageii.mo and wouldn't have me as a fust-class gon'lemon at any price. So Powder Blue I was and Powder Blue I am; and it doesn't trot so badly after all. When a 'job' is comin' off I paints my mug gollopshus and works the oraclo with the feelin's of a hartist." The man had halted at the ever-open doors of one of the few respectable shops iti the "Warreon "-a pawnbroker's. A great, glittering beeo- hive it was, in which the drones were the only pillaged and sent hackl to worle I after their fashion. The man with the blue face disappeared for a minute or two; then returned without Iris bundle, his "blue " changed from the intensity of his rage almost to black at tIhe audacity of tIhe offer. "A shlilling I " lhe said, tossing a coin contemptuously in his hand. "' Well, times is changed l To think of Joe Bradley, fust-class pcrfesshunal, A 1, treated as if lihe were a crooked Z at the end o' the halphabet I I lknows my powers and my place. Ah I if it wasn't for lack of the brads what a man I'd be I I'm a man of inwentions, I am; an' as to mix with these chaps as is only lit to pinch a bob (rob a till), it isn't in my natur. I wannt somethlink gigantic, vast somethiiuk as will do me credit when my hist'ry comes to be writ in the newspapers I" He called them "noose-papers," and certainly tho hIempen portion of our diurnal'literature was the only attractive reading to Mlr. Bradley. He was still standing in the shadow of the doorway, ihresolutely turning the shilling in his hand. when a man came quickly down the street. Ho came on so fast that Powder Blue had nio time to see his face; butl hel saw that he was weoll dressed and held a cigar-case in his hand-a handsome caseo-- from which he had just abstracted a cigar. The gleam of a watch-chain and the glittcr of a ring were also apparent. - A change as rapid as it was bad came over the thiefs manner. He crouched back into the darkness like a wild beast about to spring. Here was a chance at any rate. The thief gazed up anid down the street. All was still and dreary as the grave. Ho crept from his hiding- place swiftly, tiger-like, but ever slhouldering the wall, to whlich his shadow also clung, following hisi murderous steps, dark and mcnacing like himself. A curious change also had come over the follow's face. The features had wrinklled themselves together like the face of a tiger; his footfall fell noiselessly upon the broken and greasy pavement, while the lhand, extended forward, vibrated with a horrible eagerness. Powder Blue was " at work." The man in front walked jauntily along, humming an opera tune, whilo he prepared the means to light the cigar he lhad taken from his case. A man of middle height, spare and siunewy--a man seemingly of charnacter and sublstance, altogether out of place in tile " Warren " at such an hour. The gleam of thle guard-chain and the glitter of the rings had proved too much for the robber's greed. Was this the great benefict fortune had in store? He did not pause to ask himself the question. He saw lut the rings and watch and hlie hungered for them with a hunger too powerful to be repressed. The gentleman after passing the doorway in which Powder Blue had been ensconced never looked behind him once; but jauntily singinug, tried match after match without effect to light the cigar he held in his hand. After trying a third match he halted impatiently under the feeble gleam of a dismal lamp and tried several, flinging them down one after the other as they spluttered and went out. Such an opportunity was not to be lost. The man bhet his head over another match, which he lhad succeeded in lighting. The crouching figure of the garotter was just behind, a horrible, compressed heap, about to spring. The lkneeo was bent, the arm crooked for the fatal hug, when suddenly the smoker-he had succeeded in lighting his cigar-wheeled round and blazed the match in his face. "Is that you, Powder Blue? It seems you are hard up for a job to-night I " The would-be garotter was erect at once, his countenance displaying every degree of alarm and confuision. "MIr. RIlockwood! " "Ho, ho I " laughed the other, with the utmost calmness, twirling round the end of the fusce, then throwing it contemptuously in Bradley's face. " This is your gratitude, is it, for having got you off I don't know how many times when you ought to have beeoon hung up as high as Haman ? I saw you lurlking in the doorway and knew you meant mischief." "If I had know'd it was you, Mr. Rock wood, I'd rather have cut my hand off than hia' dreamed o' sich a thing! " "If it hadn't been for me where would you have got that last alibi ? If it hadn't beoen for me ." "I know it, guv'nor-I know it ! There's not a chap in the Warren, as, when the hour o' trouble comes, doesn't know what he owes to 3Mister Rockwood. Why, 'twas only the other day I says - "Never mind what you said. It is quite sufficient for me," said thie person he called Rockwood, .blowing a delicate wreath of smoke from his cigar, " that I have matter enough in my office under lock and key to hang you and half the Warren if I chose." "I know it I " snivelled the fellow, in the most abject tenrror; "we all knows it ! Forget and forgive, guv'nor. Lor', to thinkl as I was nigh ' putting the hug' on MIister lumwutoodl! ".L will 'luua reustllc?tou cor life." " You were nigh doing nothing of the kind, you murderous scoundrel! Before you could have had your arm round me I should have had a bullet into your Men like I don't walk tihe Warren unprepared at this hour of the night. There I leave off shouldering the wall and attend to me I " "I'm hall attonshin, guv'nor I " "Come down to my office to-morrowv. I have a job for you-a job which if well executed will makel your fortune." Powder Blue drew a long breath of hope and relief. Was his ambition at last to be realized and hiis genius have scope for work ? " I'm yours for lifo and death, guv'nor I " "I know it; didn't I say I had got you safely locked up in my desk? Do you thinkl I'd trust you if I hadn't ?" replied Mr. Rockwood. "You might trust me wi' untold gold i " whined Powder Blue. Mr. Roctkwood again indulged in a laugh -a most unpleasant laugh, that jarred upon the ear like the jingling of stool. There was triumph, derision, cruolty-a host of evil things in it-but no mirth. "Trust you with untold gold I I wouldn't trust you with a fourpenny-piece, you rascal, but that I hold you under my thumb and you can't help yourself! Come along with me; I am going to the establishment of Prudence Catt!" " And the job, gav'nor ? " asked tile other anxiously, as, like a beaten cur, he slouched abjectly by his side. " Is for the present my business and not yours. Ha! here we are ! I had nearly passed it in the fog. You wait down below while I see the doctor." The place at which he had halted was a very small and very dingy little shop; but one full of many odours, so pungent that when Powder Blue obsequiously opened the door he fell to sneezing at once, and it was some time ere he desisted. The shop was an herbalist's, kept by one Prudence Catt, a lady, for the concocting of cunning simples and dealing in mysterious drugs of much repute in that neighbour- hood. The shop was literally crammed with herbs; they littered the floor, dangled from the ceiling, and coated the walls. The drawers were full of them, and a thousand dried particles floated in the air, alternately arousing or sickening the sense of smell. On the counter was a small oil lamp; behind the counter and trimming the lamp was a woman. This woman was Prudence Catt — a small, shrivelled-up creature, as dry as any herb she had in her establishment. Hands—she was tying up lavender—nearly transparent; face like parchment; hair covering a low forehead in thin whisps; a long, thin-lipped mouth, the eyes small, round, and red, like the eyes of a ferret. " Good evening," said the jaunty Mr. Rockwood, as, closely followed by the syco- phantic Mr. Bradley, he entered the shop. "Is the doctor upstairs ? The woman evidently knew both her visitors. She took them in with one twinkle of her sharp, red eyes, and went on tying up lthe lavender. "The doctor is at home, and at about his fourth glass, I should thlink. His singing time is just over, and his praying time doesn't come on till he's had his sixth, and then he goes to bed." Rockwood's foot was on the lowest stair of a flight that ascended from the shop to a room above, when he paused, and turned to Powder Blue. "Wait," he said, "if Mrs. Prudence doesn't object to give you house-room till I come down." " O, I don't object," said the lady; "there's nothing to steal here. There's a seat," she pointed to a stool; " and there's some rue you can help me to tie up; it's sweeter smelling here than in the dock." What answer Mr. Powder Blue made to this delicate allusion was not heard, for Rockwood had already ascended the stairs, and opened the door of the room above opened it to draw back half-stifled by a cloud of tobacco-smoke and an atmosphere impregnated by the fumes of rum-and water. "Who's there ?" hiccupped a drunken voice, though large and rich in tone. "Who's there? that breaketh thus unannounced upon my solitude, disturbing the medita tions of a philosopher." "It is I-Matthew Roekwood," said the visitor. "Then is evil at hand I I knew it by the pricking of my thumbs. How goes it with thee and thy fair wife-or, rather, dark, for her beauty partaketh more of the south than the north? Am I to wear craple for Sir Hugh, and is Gertrude or Philip to " "Confound you I lift your muddy brains out of the liquor for an hour at least. I come on business-important business." " Business Stop I Not another word till I perform the necessary ablutions, and then exeunt Comus and his drunken rout, and uenter David Malyon." With these words ihe blundered on to hIis feet, and vanished into an inner room, leaving Rockwood-now more accustomed to the atmosphere o- time to look about him. OSMPTER U. A table littered with books, chairs littered with books, a floor strewn with books. Various anatomical preparations are about the place in bottles; while a whole phalanx of many-colored phials crowd the chimney piece, the whole covered with cobwebs and dirt. A reading-lamp with a broken shade, a black bottle bearing the inscription " old Jamaica rum," a half-emptied tumbler, a still burning pipe, and an empty bird-cage complete the furniture. Rockwood was lookdng about for a seat when the owner of the apartment re- entered, a wet towel encircling his head, the dripping ends of which were so arranged as to dangle over his temples. "Behold me 1 " he said, as he entered;: "a giant refreshed by waterl Not, be it understood, O, Matthewl or O, yeFather Matthew I that I have any respect for that weak and narrow-minded beverage, in capable of elevating into divine forgetfulness the brain of the scholar! IFar from it I Ah I when I entered you were looking at that cage. A pet of mine l " he continued with a sigh, which "?Imodantely impregnated the room with an intolerable avw?u?r uma o,, maica. " A London sparrow, sir, agutter bird that I purchased from a boy for a penny." Here the speaker swept away a pile of books from a chair to give his visitor a seat. " A wondrous bird is the London sparrow-a dingy philosopher, full of wisdom I Sing ? No, sir. He leaves that to such feathered fools as the canary, who strains its yellow throat to be rewarded with a prison for its life I Tom," motioning towards the empty cage, "gave up the ghost yesterday-choked himself in endeavouriug to swallow a far thing given him by my landlady I And now, my Matthew, to business I No man should allow his private sorrowv to interfere with that I" The speaker was a short fat man, with a head disproportionately large for his body; a broad lofty forehead, a pimply face, a watery eye, a large sensual mouth whose hanging lip betokened, as indeed did every thing else about him, the habitual and unrestrained indulgence of intoxicating liquors. A drunken, disreputable sot was David Malyon; yet at one time physician in large practice, writing M.D. after his name, and as he himself expressed it, "killing and curing with the best of them." The bottle had done it all. A university man, with high.honors -a professor ot medicine very far above mediocrity-David Malyon had drowned all in drink, graduated in the school of vice, till he had landed at last in the Warren. Here they sit facing each other, types of a very different class-the thieves' doctor and the thieves' lawyer. Of Matthew Rock wood more, much more, anon. For the pre sent let us be content to listen, for lawyer and doctor are talking business. " Cool as a cucumber I " said the doctor, giving a still more artistic arrangement to the drippiug towel. "Taken outwardly the fluid is delicious; but it must be always qualified inwarily to a 'more potent spirit.' 'They are things of no spirit, their blood is asleep, that when it is offered them do not drink deep!' That's Jonson, sir- the learned Ben I " He stretched out his hand for the rum bottle, which Rockwood quietly removed. The doctor frowned, the doctor whistled, then the doctor laughed. "I see it is busi ness. Well, how is Sir Hugh ?" "As bad as could be; but yet not so bad ascould be wished. He refuses to see Philip, and won't allow Gertiudo one moment from his side." "He can't live ? " "No." " Who's with him beside tile girl ? " "Darknoll and MIrs. Block." " Who's she ? " " A fool." "What's the doctor ? " " A country doctor-an ass." There was a pause-a pause of reflection on both sides. It was MI.lyon wiho broke the moody silence of the thinkers. " lHis love for this girl is extraordinary. What could Philip have been about ? " "About thle clubs, the Haymarket, and the music-halls - everywhere whore he ought not to be. Tile girl has had all the running, and has won by a head." "Olever lass I Knows what sho's about, elh ? " " Quite the contrary; she's as innocent as a daisy, and as modest as a violet, and clings to liher father night and day, refusing all enutreaties to be removed." "Ha I when we get the genuino thing, it's r' do you propose ?" " They have telegraphed to me for an other doctor-an eminent London doctor for consultation." "Well 2 " "I shall send you." Doctor Malyon, who had surreptitiously possessed himself of the wandering rum bottle, put it down with a bang, half rose from his chair, and glanced over his more than seedy clothes. " Well, I was a gentleman once," he said, with a sigh; "or, at least, I had the outward casing of one." He paused, poured himself out a glass of rum, and tossed it off at a breath; then sunk down again into his chair, and leaning his large head upon his crossed arms, looked the lawyer steadily in the face. "A dark business requires a high price. We're a couple of knaves what's the figure ? " The consultation was long and earnest. The result will be seen. "They've telegraphed for a clever nurse." "I've one to hand." The doctor raised his hand, and inclined his thumb to indicate the shop below. "The herbalist ?" "Prudence Catt." "Can you answer for her 2 " Doctor Malyon laughed. "Prudence is a treasure," he said. " She would have been a Brinvilliers, in the same position and with the same temptations." Here the doctor stopped abruptly. He often talked in jerks, speaking as the thoughts came. "Are you a believer in the Darwinian theory?" " BoshI " " You think so-I don't. Prudence is an amalgamation of the cat and ferret; give her the chance, and she'll kill for the sake of killing. I'd trust her with anything but my life.'"' Another long consultation and the men parted. "You start at once ?" "At once." "The first morning train is 6.80. Will you arrange with the woman ? " "Everything." Money passed between them, and Rock wood meaningly laid his hand upon the bottle. "We are playing a great game-a dan gerous game; but it is for a fortune 1" "You may depend upon me- " Mal you paused for a moment, then said, with a laugh, strangely indicative of the sarcasm which dictated it, " on the word of a gen tleman." More talk, and then Roclkwood descended the stairs; the doctor, marvellous to relate, pouring out into' the ashes of the grate the remainder of the rum. Mrs; Prudence- was still sitting, dimly visible, behind the lamp. Powder Blue had fallen asleep over a bunch of rue he hold in his hand. With a brief 'no,1-"t?h?. to the former, him-at his office on the morrow, Mr. Rock wood made his way into the street. "Everythiug rolls as on castore. All that is necessary is speed. I can trust the doctor and Powder Blue. The woman Malyon answers for." He took a cigar from hIis case, and bit the end off savagely as he spoke. "And now for-the beautiful Mrs. Roekwood I" OCHAPITER m. Mr. aRoekwood's residence and general place of business is in Bedford Row, and it is at the door of one of the highly-respect able legal establishments which abound there that we again find him impatiently fumbling with his latch-hey. The steeple-elocks are tolling one as he enters and closes the door carefully behind him. A gas-light is burning in the hall and illuminates the attorney's face as'.he puts up the chain and listens to the retreating cab-wheels with a soft chuckle. "Summon me I I thinkle not, when he reads the name on the card. I've been often threatened; but I never yet was pulled up by a cabman." He divests himself of his overcoat and wrappers, lights a chamber candlestick, which he takes from the hall- table, and proceeds to mount the well-carpeted stairs. "I wonder whether Mrs. Rooekwood is in bed I" he soliloquises, as he pauses for a moment on the first landing. " Scarcely asleep I should think I Her's is not one of those natures which can cradle themselves in the bosom of the storm, and slumber on the crest of the wave I Ha, ha I It is quite the contrary with Mrs. B. ; and were the hour five instead of one, I should find those sparklding eyes as wide awake as I am sure to find them now I" His foot was on the landing of the second story, when a door was opened suddenly, and a tall figure, the figure of a woman, ap poeared upon its threshold. "Well ? " A great deal may be conveyed by the word "well " in asking a question; in the present utterance there was a mixture of impatience and indignation. "I thought you never were coming. Two telegrams have arrived since you left, all urging haste, and Philip can't be found." "That's bad: but most things are bad when connected with him. There, don't excite yourself, my dear I " said the lawyer, tranquilly smiling as he followed his wife for such the lady was-into a comfortably furnished dressing-room, in which a fire was briskly burning. "Nothing was ever got by irritation, whether irritating one's self or irritating others--except perhaps when cross-examining a witness, and then the line is not a bad one." He threw himself into a chair with a sigh of relief; but the lady remained standing, leaning against the chimney-piece, upon which she drummed impatiently with the fingers of a very white hand. Her husband was quite right when he had styled her the beautiful Mrs. Rockwood. A beauty on the wane, but undeniably a beauty. Lustrous black hair, in which only the closest observer could have discovered a tinge of gray, fell in unconfined waves upon hler large and splendidly-rounded shoulders; eyes that gleamed- gleamed perhaps a little too much at times; cheeks swarthy, but rich in colour; lips rounded and full ; tooth white as almonds; and a well-curved chin, projecting slightly, significant, as were the thick, arched brows and shadowing hair, which edged the corners of the mouth, of force of character and of a turbulent, defiant spirit hard to deal with at all times-im possible utterly to conquer. " Telegram number one," she said, toss ing a paper to Rockwood to recommence her impatient drumming. The lawyer quietly smoothed it out, drew the lamp towards him, and read:-" ' From Benjamin Darlnoll, to-' AhI--um! yes; I see I--' Sir Hugh grows worse and worse. He will not allow MIiss Gertrude from his side for a moment. An hour's delay may change everything. Let Mr. Philip come at once- at once I ' Very good advice, my dear l--excellent advice I Your father is one of those men who always give goodadvice Thank you. This Ipresume is the last telegram ? " He opened another paper she had flung to him, and, as with the former, straightened it out methodically upon his knee. "From Wentworth Abbey, of course ? Affairs seem to be getting warmer and warmer down there." Hero he read: "'Sir Hugh wants a lawyer. All now depends on Rockwood and yourself i'" The lawyer looked up. His manner was somewhat disturbed and serious. He shrugged his shoulders as he spoke. " Things must indeed be bad for so gone rally cautious a man as your highly re spectable parent to trust such matter to the telegraphic-clerk." " What other way was left him ? I must find Philip." "To-night, or rather this morning," and it was with a very soft, chuckling laugh that the lawyer shrugged his shoulders this time,-" well, you may attempt it;" for Mrs. Rockwood had, with the fierce impuls iveness of her nature, snatched at her hat and shawl; "but I warn you that you may visit half the night-houses and gaming saloons of London before you have a chance of finding him. And if found-I say if found-what then ? " He bent forward, so that his elbows rested on his knees, his chin supported by his hands. He looked her steadily in the face. " What then ?" "I would tell him of his father's danger, of the possibility-the more than possibility, that this whey- faced, honey-lipped girl, this Gertrude Wentworth, may rob him of twenty thousand a year. 0, you may sneer; but you little know the craft of woman, all lawyer as you are i " " My dear, I have no pretension to guage your sex's delightful capacity for doing mischief. You are the backbone of our profession. His Satanic Majesty first, and woman, lovely woman, afterwards. With out the two there would be no litigation." " Mateoew Rockwood, be serious I " " Mrs. Rockwood,"-his manner was now very serious indeed-"c upon what plea do you interfere with private matters of such importance concerning only the members of the Wenoutworth family? You bear my ,lame : icdpie? ,gekppe?,b - ov --t lestt it i time we should thoroughlly understand each other." She answered, with intense scorn, " surely that time arrived long ago." His chin still rested in the hollowed palms of his hands, his quick, gray eyes never moving from her face. "You, the daughter of Benjamin Dark noll, parish clerk, once lodge-gatekeeper, brought me for a marriage portion five thousand pounds." "The gift of Sir Hugh Wentworth," said the woman, with a contemptuous toss of her handsome head. There was no heightening of her rich color as she said this, no beating of the heart or quickeoning of the pulse. It was a coarse nature endeavouring to face out and beat down the coarser nature. "You were a wife to be welcomed at any price," continued the calm lawyer, with one of his blandest sneers; " but you were none the less welcome for the money you brought. I was a poor devil of a lawyer's clerk then; I am now Matthew Rockwood Eesq., with five clerks of my own to badger and bully." "You admit I made your fortune ? " "You assisted in doing so, yes; but men of my talent are not easily kept under. I gave Mrs. Matthew Rockwood admission into society, made her respectable, in short. In return she gave me, judging me wisely to be a rising man, five thousand pounds. Don't lose your temper. Nothing's got by losing the temper. Think yourself in a witncss-box with HIawkins at work upon you, and keep calm whatever you do. In a happy hour you told me the story of Philip's bh'th." For a moment the proud head drooped. For a moment only. "You found it out for yourself," was the reply. " I guessed it all along. Benjamin Dark noll is a close and saving man, but lodge Ireepers do not usually dower their daugh ters withl five thousand pounds. On your marriage-day, Diana, you thought you wore a robe of mystery-bah I I haven't followed Old Bailey practice for nothing; your robe of mystery was as transparent as a pane of glass." "And mknowing all this you maniied me ? " "It was ali investment; my dear, without there being the slightest probability of my suffering a loss." "You played upon my woman's weak ness, my woman's vanity, my woman's sense of undeserved wrong. Besides I loved yeou then,'Matthew Rockwood." The woman uttered a heavy sigh, the lawyer's eyes twinkled. "Then I " he repeated, emphasising the word. "Thank you, Diana-thank you very much." "You know with what cruel patience and caunning you gathered up thread by thread of my story." "Old Bailey practice, my dear-Old Bailey practice. It's a maxim with us that a thread picked up to-day may become a pair of handcuffs to-morrow. You love Philip Wentworth, who, in ignorance of the connexion between you, is unaware of your very praiseworthy devotion, Urged byyou Ihave lent the foolish spendthrift· money, mnuch money-taking security of course. That is to siy I have speculated largely upon him, and so am deeply interested in Ilm also. Sir Philip Wentworth in posses sion of the estates will represent-to me a good round sum," he threw bis crms abroad and gaily snapped his fingers, "For that reason the estates musf come into hishands, and into no other." / "And the girl-thb Gertrude? Ugh I how I hato the names. What is to become of her?" asked Mrs. Rockwooil. Mr. Rlockwood rose lightly from his chair and, stmanding with his back to the fire, touched his wife several times lightly on the arm, with a confidouential air. "A questioi not just yet to be satisfac torily replica to, but it is one under con sideration. A girl's life is but afragile thing at most to stand between a man and large estates." The speaker's eyes met his wife's dark orbs fixed sternly, inquiringly on his face. No words were necessary; they uuderstood each other; the soft, panlther-like, smiling man- the handsome terriblo womau. Romance indeed I Why in this prosaio':c age-this age of telegrams and penny post age-this pmractical age.of "free breakfast tables "-of religious platforms and tracV societies-here we have Macbeth played over again in a snug dressing-room, near a blazing fire, in a house of a highly respect-: ablo and remarkably well-known Bedlfpord Row solicitor. (To be conteiiecd.) l 