LECTURES ON PROTESTANTISM. V.—PROTESTANTISM AND THE OHUROH. BY OSEIO COPLAND. " Where two or three are gathered together in (into) my name, there am I in the midst of them.—Matt, xviii. 20. There can be no doubt that our Saviour contemplated the formation of a church. " Thou art Peter," said he, " and upon this Rock I will build My Church." Elsewhere we reads "The Lord added to the Church daily auch as should be saved." Paul tells us that " Christ loved the Church, and gave Himself for it. That He might present it to 'Himself^ a .glorious Church, not h&yipg; spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing." We Bhould therefore like to know what this Church is, And of whom it consists, that we may take our appointed place therein, and share its responsibilities. What our Lord died to save, we should live to serve. Now at the veiy outset of our enquiry we shall expect to find the Church a very simple institution. Simplicity is one of the chief characteristics of our Lord's methods. And yet few subjects have become more entangled than the one before us. It has got so mixed up with questions of Tradition, Episcopacy, Apostolical Succession, the Sacraments, and Liturgies, that really the mind gets perfectly bewildered in trying to understand it. Besides this, there are so many different denominations, each claiming to be the Church of Christ, that one almost shrinks from the task of having to decide which is right. All this, we say, is a state of things totally different from what we should have expected, and it is a state of things from which we are rescued by certain principles of Protestantism. The Church of Christ in its grand idea, its lofty aim, and its essential form is as simple, as natural, as beautiful, and as comprehensive as Christ's life itself. It is, indeed, the realisation among men of that simple and devoted life. It is the embodiment of that life, the manifestation of the presence of Jesus in the character of those "gathered together" into His name. I alluded just now to certain principles of Protestantism. Let me tell you what I mean. During the period of the Reformation in England there existed in the State church two parties— the extreme Reformers, who were called Puritans, and the more moderate Reformers, who advocated Episcopacy. Now, for a long time the Puritans showed very little inclination to sever themselves from the existing institution. Indeed, the great mass of the Puritans were very earnest advocates of uniformity in ecclesiastical matters. The uniformity, however, which they wanted was such as obtained at Geneva under the wonderful rule of Calvin. They wished so to reform the Church of England as to make it uniformly Presbyterian. In seeking to bring this about the Puritans appealed to the Bible. The Bible waB with them the only standard in regard to church polity as well as doctrine; its authority in spiritual matters was above the authority of the State, and its interpretation rested not with the rulers of this world, but with the Church and the individual conscience. Whatever application the Puritans made of these great Protestant principles, there they are, written as in letters of gold by the finger of God upon the walls of His kingdom—that the authority of the Bible is supreme, and that Christian men must judge for themselves of its claims, its duties, and its 'methods. From the moderate Reformer we get another principle which has proved of immense service. Hooker, while advocating Episcopacy, lias shown " that no form of Church government has ever been of indispensable obligation." " The Church was to Hooker no dogmatic or exclusive institution—as the Puritans would have made it— partitioning by formal lines and boundaries thecosmos of spiritual thought and experience which had sprung from the divine ideal in Christ. It was a spiritual order, capable of diverse forms, and tolerantly comprehensive of all Christian gifts and activities." WMtgift, who became Archbishop of Canterbury during the reign of Elizabeth, maintained in opposition to Cartwright that there is no "one certain and perfect kind of government prescribed or commanded in the Scriptures to the Church of Christ." The substance and matter of government must indeed be taken out of the Word of God," but "the offices in the Church, whereby this government is wrought, are not namely and particularly expressed in the Scriptures, but in some points left to the discretion and liberty of the Church, to be disposed according to the state of times, and plans, and persons." And what has the " golden tongue" of Jeremy Taylor to tell us'? Listen to his noble words. " To make the way to heaven straighter than God made it, or to deny to communicate with those whom God will vouchsafe to be invited, and to refuse our charity to those who have the same faith, because they have not all our opinions, is impious and schismatical; it infers tyranny on our part, and tempts to uncharitableness and animosities oil both." With Taylor neither Episcopacy or a Liturgy have anything to do with the recognition of Christian brotherhood, a Christian church being a society of men who acknowledge the same faith and walk by the same rule. Now I ' think you will agree with me that these grand lessons involve a very important principle, viz., that no particular form of government is essential to the existence of the Church of Christ, and it is this principle, associated with the supreme authority of the Scriptures, and loyalty to conscience, that has given birth to the free churches all over the world. The free-church movement is the logical outgrowth of the Reformation. So far back as Elizabeth's reign we find these principles embodied in definite ecclesiastical polity. Conscientious men said if the State err, and, spite our protestations, force us to comply with unscriptural commands and superstitious ceremonies, i we are bound not to obey, and must regulate our own affairs. They were ready to submit in all civil matters to the civil power, but in religious matters the individual conscience, and not the magistrate, was the ultimate judge. Of such men we know the names of Thacker, Copping, Barrow, Greenwood, and Penry, who, because they held these opinions, were condemned to die on the Bcaffold. Yes! the men who in 1583 claimed the liberty which is now awarded to every Englishman throughout the world, were sentenced " to die as the highwayman or midnight murderer dies!" The first Nonconformist who formally addressed the State on this mattor was a Rev. Henry Jacob, who was the pastor of a Congregational Church assembling in secrecy in Southwark, during the reign of James I. He prayed that " Toleration and liberty" might he granted to all loyal subjects, "to enjoy and observe the ordinances of Jesus Christ in the administration of his churches, in lieu of human constitutions." That whereas our Lord Jesus Christ hath given to each particular church, or ordinary congregation, this right and privilege, viz., to elect, ordain, and deprive her own ministers, and to exercise all the other parts of lawful ecclesiastical jurisdiction under him,- your majesty would be pleased to order, aa well, that each particular church that shall be allowed to partake of the benefit of the said toleration, may have, enjoy, and put in execution and practice this her said right and privilege. We do not," he continued, " disdain communion with such churches as in point of ecclesiastical regimen differ from us, but are ready to communicate with them in the Lord's worship, when we may do the same without personal and voluntary participation in sin." In 1611 the Baptists published what is called their Confession of Faith, and we find them nobly asserting the same liberal doctrine. " The magistrate," say they, " is not to meddle with religion, nor matters of consience, nor to compel men to this or that form of religion, because Christ iB the king and lawgiver of the Church and conscience." Under the oppressive rule of Archbishop Laud the Independents made little headway, and many sought refuge and freedom in Holland and America. When, however, the Long Parliament assembled in 1640 they returned in large numbers, so that their principles began to excite considerable attention, and exercise increasing influence. In 164G there were no less than sixteen religious sects, all of which were united in protesting against the right of the State clergy to interfere with their faith or worship. Their adherents must have become pretty numerous by this time, as most of Cromwell's men, than whom no better or braver soldiers ever fought under the flag of England, were " godly" farmers " who were resolved to seek God after their own fashion, and who were as hostile to the despotism of the national church as to the despotism of the king." Now in coming forth from beneath the shadow of the State in obedience to conscience, with the hope that they might live and worship more in harmony with God's Word, these men found that in accordance with true Protestant principles, Christ's Church was broader than Episcopalianism, and that it was only limited by faith in the Bible, by loyalty to conscience, and by obedience to their Saviour. Henceforth the Church, in their estimation, consisted of all those who in their own particular organisations of Episcopacy, Presbyterianism, or Congregationalism, sought to obey their Lord's commands, and save their fellow men. According to this view every denomination, so far as it is conscientious, loyal and true, has a place in the visible Church of the Redeemer. This view of the Church— a view which has been more or less acted upon, if not adopted, by all true Protestants—has, however, during the last few years, met with the most violent opposition of the Ritualists or Anglo- Catholics. According to thein the Church of Christ is visible and one. It exists only where "the Gospel is truly preached, and its ordinances are duly administered ;" but since those ordinances can only be duly administered by those who have received Episcopal ordination, they refuse to recognise as churches those societies whose ministers are otherwise appointed. " Whatever be our private differences with the Roman Catholics/' say they, " we may join them in condemning Socinians, Baptists, Independents,' Quakers, and the like." But whilst they refuse to recognise as churches those communities that have " no priesthood," they extend the hand of fellowship toward the Greek Church and the Romish Church, whose priesthood they acknowledge. With the Anglican Church these two other churches form the three " branches " of the one true Church. This one visible Church, then, according to Henry Rogers, " consists of mutually excommunicated communities; it is constituted by principles which no inconsiderable majority deny to be true ; which, even if true, the immense majority deny to be the essence of Catholicism ; and which, lastly, are determined by a small knot of divines in virtue of that private judgment which they adjure, and in the exercise of which they are themselves splitting into opposite parties. Can Ave wonder that many of the disciples of this school feel compelled to go a little further in search of that one visible Church which they are persuaded exists, and sigh for that unity which they have as yet found only in name." Of the exclusive and sectarian spirit that characterises this school we have recently had a melancholy exhibition in this city of Adelaide. We have been told that the "three orders" of bishops, priests, and deacons, is an essential point — that those who do not receive "the three creeds" are not in communion with Catholic Christendom, and that our places of worship are " mere preaching-houses"—in fact, that those not associated with a particular ecclesiastical organisation are " outside the Church." Such an attitude as this is destructive of anything like real unity, and is totally at variance with the broad, generous, and charitable feeling of Christ's Gospel. These men, according to Dr. Arnold, " have put a false church in the place of the true, and through their counterfeit have destroyed the reality, as paper money drives away gold. And this false church is the priesthood, to .which are ascribed all the powers really belonging to the true Church, with others which do not and cannot belong to any human person." I pray you, then, not to be led away by this talk about one united and visible church. Such a church is to be found neither in Ritualism nor Romanism. Whatever you do don't mistake uniformity for unity. The unity of the Church of Christ is unanimity— " the unanimity of each particular church and the intercommunion of all"—that intercommunion is based upon their having one faith, one Lord, one aim, and one spirit. We must look for unity in essentials, not in rules or constitutions ; sameness in these things only brings discord. Dean Stanley tells us that Dr. Arnold used to denounce this desire for uniformity of opinion and worship under the name of sectarianism. He held that it really frustrated the union of all Christians, and annihilated what he believed to be the apostolical idea of a church. " Suppose," says he, " a young man, when he begins to think seriously on life, resolving to turn to God, and studying the Scriptures to learn the way—it is clear that all this stuff about the true church would never so much as come into his head. He would feel and see that the matter of his SOUI'B salvation lay between God and Christ on the one hand and himself on the other, and that his belonging to this or that church had really no more to do with the matter than his being born in France ;or England, in Westmoreland or in Warwickshire." Brethren, the unity of the Church of Christ consists in unity of life, of love, of action. After the storming of Bristol, Cromwell had this truth forced upon his attention. He saw Presbyterians and Independents fighting side by side with " the same spirit of faith and prayer, the same presence and answer." " All that believe," says he, " have the real unity, which is the most glorious, being the inward and spiritual, in the body and in the head." So, brethren, it is as we fight the Lord's battles together that we show a united front, and not as we adopt one method and one rule. When we see Matthew Burnett, the Bishop of Adelaide, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Mead, and Mr. O'Donnell, and others from all the churches stand shoulder to shoulder in the Town Hall seeking to save men, we get a far truer idea of the unity of the Church than if they had all met to adopt some one theory of apostolical succession or to conform to some ritual. So, again, when you go into all these different churches of Adelaide, and hear the people singing praises to Jesus, hear the ministers exalting the name of Jesus, and hear the noble appeals which are made to carry on the work of Jesus, why this should give you a far truer idea of the Church's unity than if you found them all reciting " three creeds" and all bowing before some gaudy altar. It may sound something like a paradox, but I say it boldly that in the numerous divisions of Protestantism, which have brought upon us so" much Anglo- Catholic scorn, we find not only the hope but the proof of that unity after which we all long. They teach us that, spite all our differences, spite all the bitter feeling that these differences have called forth, spite all the petty jealousy that naturally clings to all human institutions, that we Protestants are united after all. Are we not all trying to live better lives 1 To serve Christ more faithfully ? To set forth his character with more earnestness ? To rescue our fellow men from misery and crime ? To live by faith on the Sou of God ? And do not our divisions give emphasis to this, as no uniform ritual could do 1 Yes, here is the unity of the church ; and when it shall please God to cast out of our midst all feelings of envy, and every root of bitterness, this glorious spirit of unity shall look " forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners." But it may be asked, if such unity be possible among the sects, where is the sin of schism ? This question is best answered by the enquiry, what is schism l So far as I can understand the New Testament, schism is the cherishing an unchristian spirit by one church towards another church. It does not necessarily imply separation, though it tends to it. The schismatic church is the church that either outwardly, or in feeling only, is separated from other churches by party prejudice, or an exclusive spirit. An eminent Episcopalian has said, " that schism has no necessary connection with ecclesiastical polity." Any church, therefore, that holds itself aloof from other Christian churches, that refuses to recognise those churches that the Master blesses with his presence, is guilty of schism. It cuts itself off from the Church universal, and makes confusion when there should be peace. I hold that a church is only unsectarian, and free from the guilt of schism, as it extends its sympathy to all that serve Christ. The real, undying spirit of holy union—the spirit that shall one day, not level all our distinctions, but rise so high above them that we shall almost forget them—is that which found utterance in the noble words of Robert iiall, " He that is good enough for CHRIST is good enough for me." Our Lord the last night He was on earth prayed that all His disciples might be one, as He and the Father were one—that is, one in spirit, not in form. " This is my commandment, that ye love one another "—this was to be the sacred bond. In charging His disciples with their duties He gives no hint of any one formal institution, but simply tells them to go and "teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;" and that " where two or three are gathered together into my name, there am I in the midst of them." He puts into their hands no Book of Leviticus or Deuteronomy, but trusts all to the orderly working of His Spirit. And the apostles, catching their Master's spirit, never urge the importance of ecclesiastical organisation, or any arbitrary institution, but do maintaint hat we are to be " like-minded, having the same love ;" and that "if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of His." Our conclusion then is that the true unity of the Church consists in universal loyalty to the Saviour, in the conformity of its members to His life, in love for the brethren, and in the one grand effort we are all making to lift the burdens of humanity and lead sinners to the cross. So far, and so far only as we succeed in this, shall we be one, as God and Christ are one. My dear friends, what part have you in the great Society, the vast Family that our Lord is gathering about Himself J Do you shrink from its responsibilities and obligations, or do you still need that " robe of righteousness" without which you must stand aside here and hereafter 1 'Tis an awful thing to be left behind as the Church pursues its way to heaven. Harriet Martineau tells us how that she was once travelling over the stony hills south of Hebron. Having a terrible face-ache, she hoped to get relief by walking; but when the last of the baggage camels had gone by, she fell down wet and fainting on the ground. "With my dizzy sight," she writes, " I could see, opening my eyes from time to time, when the first of the troop went out of sight, and when half were gone, and, at length, when the other half disappeared. Here I was alone indeed, on the hills of Judaja. I did not expect to be long alone," she adds, "for I supposed the wild Bedoweens would pounce upon me immediately." Fortunately, her friends soon missed her from the caravan, and rescued her from her perilous position. Some of you are missed tonight from the number of God's redeemed; you are being left alone upon the road, whilst they are hastening on to the Jerusalem above, and the world hangs about your steps, expecting to make you its prey. But Christ sends back to restore you, to lift you up, and urges you to unite with all who love Him. He knows that you are only safe with Him and with His. So listen' to His call, cast in your lot with the people of God, and you will by-andbye reach the one great home where we shall unite in the work and worship of all who in every age and clime and race have been " gathered together " into the name of Christ. 