THE DUKE'S HOUSE. I was born in an old chartered and very picturesque town in a Western county, in whose vicinity stood an ancient ducal palace, which had not been occupied for many a long year ; and like many other buildings leit to decay, it had the reputation of being haunted. There certainly were strange sights and sounds to be seen and heard by those who were near the place at dusk and after dark ; , but it was never looked into. The uneducated were too superstitious and frightened ; the better class were too busy or too indolent ; and we had no rural police in those days to trace out the causes. It was a great pity for such a fine Eliza bethan structure to fall to ruins. I remember it as a strong and beautiful mansion, with its lawns and terrace-gardens, and its many windows as there are days in a year. This I doubted, when a child, and often got the nurse-girl to walk round the house, to count them with me ; bat we never attained our object ; for if the sun got overclouded, she would be sure to see a ghost at some gloomy window, leaving me, terrified, to follow. The old residents had died out, the title having become extinct ; and around it were sprung up mills and factories, which pre vented the aristocracy from living in it. The : mill-owners, too, preferred being further away from their counting-houses and smoky chimneys. Besides, it mast have been a very rich man who could put it in decorative repair, and keep np snch an establishment. In those days our merchant-princes were content with very modest dwellings, such as many a middle-class man nowadays would deem it derogatory to live in. I am writing of a slow and sure age ; we are now living in a fast and reckless one. But to my story. I had attained an age when ghosts or hobgoblins and such-like rub bish did not terrify or trouble me, I was a married man, the father of several children, when a cousin came to visit us, who was highly delighted with our pretty town and knowing her to be very clever with her pencil, 1 asked her to paint me one or two scenes in the neighbourhood. This she wil lingly consented to do, and we sallied forth to fix on what should be her first picture. She thought the view from the Duke s House — as it was called — would be the best. I told her she dared not trust herself in there, for it had been uninhabited for the last cen- tury, and was haunted. She laughed, and said she did not believe in ghosts ; she was not so much frightened at the dead in solitary places, as at the living ; and her curiosity being excited, she wanted to explore the old building. So, whilst she went for her easel and materials, I got the keys from an old man who lived in the old conrtyaid of the ducal residence. We walked through the rooms, admiring their old grandeur, the lofty marble columns, standing on marble hearths each side of the fireplaces, supporting the grained ceilings, with coats of arms and other devices carved in marble between them. The tapestry round the walls smelled mouldy, but was in a wonder ful state of preservation, and no worse than when a boy, twenty years before, I had pitied the ladies who worked so hard to cover their rough stone walls. My cousin selected a room for her first sketch ; and as I was leaving, I advised her to lock the door after me, and guard against intrusion ; but she objected to this, saying she never locked herself in any room tor fear of sadden illness ; but if I would lock the door on the outside, and call for her as I came from the bank, she wonld be orach happier to know she was secure from inter ruption. After some hesitation, I consented to do this, and with the key in toy pooket, went to business, It as just closing time, and I was lock- j ing up the strong-room, when the manager drew my attention to a matter which in volved a protracted search ef papers — a search, however, which happily proved successful. All other thoughts having been driwn from my head bthi, Of buamera, I reached home »„? piecB mechanically took out mv iateh £ 98 1 went into the house, still in a reverie3? m met by my wife, who asked why l LUas late for dinner, and where Marv was 80 ' Mary I' I exclaimed ; ' I f0?A'i v her i' and catching my hat off the peg . jJS? I rushed out, speeding as fast as T ?!m to to jmrdifterIy bmen h." looked the door, and tramped loX£ J» stairs. I called her, bat received m w? Going into the room in which I tot ifP 5; found her huddled up in the corner 'Mary, my wor, dear child,' I eidaW will you ever forgive me V » 4 Hash, hush I for pity's sake, hush Y said in a whisper. e 4 Why did you not answer me wW t called you ? I replied. 4 4 1 did not hear you until now. Oh T i,. seen such fearful sights 1' ' 6 I felt her whole frame quiver, aud then »» I was assisting her to rise, she fell on m.' ? a fainting fit. I had no light, not own fusee m my pocket, and no one waa win.; call. At length I thought of the water had for her work ; it might revive her if t could find it. I laid her down gently and groping about for the water, sprinkled her face, which had the effect of bringing her round. ® pr Hurriedly rising, she exclaimed; «0b come away. Take me out of this horrid place !' u I began to rally her about the absurdity of her fears, aud her telling me in the morning she was not superstitious. But she interrupted me by Haying - «T have seen no ghost. We are in a den of horrid thieves and murderers ! I saw two bodies dragged up stairs, stripped of every, thing, with just a sheet round them. Oh. come out of this place, or we shall be the next. Even now they may have heard ns and they will murder us.' 1 I asked her if she had not got drowsy whilst waiting for me in the gloom of the afternoon— for it was November— and dreamed it. 4 Oh, no !' she replied ; 4 1, did not dream and horror-struck as I was, when the ruffians descended the stairs again, I crept slily up to see if I could find out anything ; and, oh horror, I shall never forget the sight 1 ' Do let us go.' I must confess I felt a little creepy and nervous, but was myself again in a moment. Feeling her trembling, and fearing another swoon, I began descending the stairs with her, when a light from below shot up to as. She clutched me convulsively, but was reas sured by hearing my wife calling out: 4 Frank ! Mary ! where are you ?' 4 tiere,' I said ; 4 all right.' 4 Indeed, ' she replied, 4 1 think it all wrong to give such a fright.' We had reached her by tbis time ; and by the light of the lantern she had brought, she caught sight of Mary's blanched face. To my wife's interrogatories respecting her illness the poor girl assured her that Bhe was not ill, but terrified. 4 1 will tell yon all, she added, 4 when I set home.' I was thankful for the light, and left them walking on, whilst I ran for Mary's painting materials, and locking the door, I put the key in my pocket, meaning to return again after dinner and try to elucidate the mystery. When I joined them, Mary waa asking my wife how she dared come alone all the way from 'my. house to that dread ful place. She replied, she would rather do so at any hour of the night than be kept in suspense, and added: 4 as soon as the day began to close, I looked for you ; but as you did not come, I thought Frank must have called for you, and was lionising you in the town. But when, fully an hoar after dinner was ready, he came back without you, and rushed off like a madman when I asked for you, I was for the moment bewildered; but thinking yon must have been taken ill, and that Frank would want help and a light; I hurried to the kitchen for a lantern, and told one of the girls to put on her things and accompany me to the Duke's house, for yon were there, and must have been taken ill. But would you believe it ? She flatly re fused, .saying it served you right for going there ; you would never be found, for never a person going near that house after dark was ever seen afterward. I ridiculed her non sense, and appealed to the others ; bat neither would go, so I had no alternative but to come alone.' When we reached home, I went to the cellar, and got a bottle of Moselle, and made Mary drink off half a tumblerful ; and then we sat down to dinner. We were just settled to dessert, when a friend dropped in for a hand at whist, and wondered at our being so late. I told him the reason ; aud then asked Mary for her story, as I had forbidden her talking about it until she had got her dinner. Sheoeg&n; : 4 After you left me, I worked on for a long while; until, feeling hungry, I jooked at my watch, and found it was past two o'clock. I then ate my sandwiches, and after taking a turn through some of the rooms, settled into work again. I had not been long thus occupied when I was roused by strange, irregular noises, which seemed to come from the landing above. I then awoke to the consciousness that I had been hearing a scuffling of feet for some little time. The scuffling commenced again ; and I got up, moved cautiously to the door, which was ajar, and looked out just in time to see an old I bag disappear in the doorway above, and the door close softly behind her. I stepped up, mid noiselessly opened the door, and peeped in ; but to my great surprise, the room was empty. I walked in to see if there was any other door through which she could have »8sed ; but there was not ; nor was there . i i window she could have got out of. I was fairly puzzled, for you know I don't believe in ghosts. I went down to my room, but could not settle to work. I went up again and again ; but could discover nothing, nor could I detect a sound. It was broad day when I saw her ; and now it was getting too dark for me to do any more of my painting, so I gathered all together and put them in one comer, ready for to-morrow, and sat down to wait for you. As it was now getting dark, and I had been expecting you shim three o'clock, I thought you must have for SO i went down to Bee if I could gotten nl » a 0 egress. As \ cou4 ®n<1 t11 tamed to my room, where I could not, I ftQtr, comingt for it was not so dark fcatch for y object crossing the court. b.Icof-Sg whether I should n "bout the old woman to-ni»ht or tclly ril to-morrow, the wind rose, moan- waltUDftnLuhe trees, which made it very i'lrv- but soon I heard sounds above the lunir of the winds-strange, heavy thuds rfme- and the legends you told me as b Lked through some of the rooms m the J3SS6 rushed to my mind; but I soon ? Shed such nonsense, knowing it must be Whlt dfd he teU yof?"' asked my wife. ,Whv be told me about a very wicked T)«ke who for some baleful reason whipped h,5 unfortunate wife every night through Z house, her lamentations being heard by t one who had the temerity to be near the after dark. Well all wa. quiet again far. little while, when I heard voices, and ;r, sound of something being shuffled and Lege d up the stairs toward the room Ias n £ crept behind the door, and holding ' ' breath, peeped through the crevice. To mv horror I aaw two ruffians dragging up something wrapped in a sheet ; they dragged it to the room 1 had examined by daylight. The door opened, emiting a lurid glare, j hey entered, but did not stay long, for they soon came out, and tramped down train, leaving the door partly open. J heard the sound of their footsteps die gway in the lower basement, and all being quiet, I stole quietly up the stairs, and peeped into the room. There, before a fire of red embers, stood the old hag I saw go up in the afternoon. She was stirring some thing in a cauldron on the fire, gibbering and muttering like the witches in Macbeth. She turned round, and I thought her gaze fell on me. I felt myself sliding down, and re membered no more until I was again aroused by the same two demons coming up with another bundle. What could I do? They would soon be up. I knew now that the old witch had not seen me, for I was left unmolested. I saw I might gain my room before they could possibly reach it, and they would not hear me above their own din. 1 did so, and knew no more until you roused me.' When she had ended, I said : ' Mary, dear, do you not think you must have dropped off to sleep whilst waiting for me, And your : gloomy surroundings caused that very ugly dreatn ? You know it has been proved that one minute's doze suffices the soul for vagaries which, in our waking hours, would take weeks to perform.' 'No,' she replied ; 4 I did not sleep one moment. Besides, should I sleep, do you think, in broad day, especially after I saw the old woman vanish out of my sight ?' 1 Then you do believe in ghosts 1' I laughed ont. ' Indeed I do not ; but it is all so puzzling.' ' And you are certain she did not come out again ?' ' Quite positive ; for I did not take my eyes off the door until I was in the room, and I walked into the large fireplace, and looked to see if she had hid herself there. But it was all clear np to the sky.' Well, I would believe in its being haunted rather than in its being a den of wholesale murderers. Were our town a seaport or near the sea, I should think it was a haunt for smugglers, who had had a scuffle with the coastguard, and had brought home their dead to give them burial. Then I thought of the resurrectionists or body-snatchers ; but there was no medical school in the neighbourhood, I ould have put it down at once to one of those worthies. The more I thought, the more I felt convinced it was the result of my cousm s disordered imagination, from being buildin ab nibtfall such a ghostly After a while I said : ' Whist is out of the question to-night ; no one's thoughts would be in his or her hand ; so, if Tom would like a stroll, I am ready for one.' He eagerly accepted the invitation ; bat cpnhS 411 botb sprang up and inter- nknnM U8.on e Way to the door, saying I hould not go out. She knew I meant to go I nnni, te'jan4 lE. did, she "would go too. w l1? bbe idea of going there, es after what Mary had told ns. ou don t believe a word I have told you twL IT y0U do not ' 1 can see >y tile doiv i y eye8 !' 6he exclaimed— 'And had .Eft ?m' le me beg of yu' (Mary won't car ere8fc Tom), 'and then he won t to go alone.' his Dromon pr2mi8ed» fully meaning to keep to pass 6| am sure ' and we were allowed Tot'??3 w« got outside, I said : ' Well, treat win. "1 promiee, nor do I wish to W the key fo th' Duk®'®' 1 »Wmv,S. tnmy Pket' »?d wiah to ' Then u v mrrow may be too late.' Weill u ev? Mary'a story?' he said, not murde? nu to beiieve lt but it is forel'mlT ? fih®8t8' and ni out be- wturn, oTyoiuriH yU g0 in UU 1 me, and all wii7? 8endmg my wife after 'Naw ' k WlU depend on quiet.' great harm fn"!/ you 8» 1 wilb No kind ; and it Jnt pr0miae of that «ty for your «fety"S,Vea 1 plwd alightAndif?116' ' we muBfc have Anil's eye it win 8 I 6 kltchen for my the news wiinL rea-te 8U8Picion there, and 'I hlveonl ? 3arr,ie? int0 the parlour.' it's on our rold wy heaaid 5 ' We aceordf,l'i 0411 and 8efc &' our taking a nal/nf \ f11? Tom 8Ugge8fced 1 firmly behevT p?8tols m ca8e oE need- the villains. m koped for a brush with b7elntiinef' We,walked «>mid tbe bouse could find h , Pd iQto every nook to the upper we directed our glance the circular tiP ' and about half-way up discern a liehtr? We tbouRkt we could chosen for fer aW wing Mary had we determined ?m. bM see it too. 8lbk solving the riddl A Dgl and' if P08 «econd landing ;? e' we »ched the t8 carved balTiftf IlJraa a noble staircase with thumping. «we beard voices and gu»tthe walla beavy substances «tory whence wLwS r\we 041116 to the TomS»dueea hia itftS for so well did » fit th»t we could See no orevice ot hghtto guide ua; ud having qmetly opened it we peeped in ; but all Was dark ; we entwed S but it was quite elnptv, "t th® te?ert,J..bei?« stripped from the mils showed nothing but the rough stones All was now «. quiet that it really seemed m we had disturbed demon phantoms at ofth?6?,t0 m ' ' Wh#t can b®th« »«Ming When just as he was going to reply, the noises TOmmenced again, and we stepped out side and listened attentively. At last Tom suggested : ' One of these niches, which look panelled out for statues, must be' a dpor.' We examined the one carefully next the room we had just left, and sure enough came upon a secret spring. Tom put his light out of sight, and put his hand on his pistol. I very gently pressed the spring, when it noiselessly opened sufficient for us to see into the room. There was the old hag still at her brew, and one man with a knife dismember ing the limbs of his victim. Be stopped his work to address some beings out of sight ; and we, having seen enough, quietly closed the door, darted down stairs, and soon reached home, Tom was always very pale, with large dark eyes ; and when he entered the room where his wife and Mary were his look told in a minute where he had been.' ' Yes,' I said, in reply to their queries ; ' we have been there, and have seen enough to appal the stoutest heart. Iff ere I caught Tom s well-dissembled look of affrioht. and conld contain myself no longer ; I flung my self on the couch, and roared with laughter. I laughed so long that my wife began to think my brain was turned. She looked at Tom, but he kept his countenance, and con tinued his idiotic stare. At last, seeing they were really frightened, I gasped out : Murder will out ! The corpses were pigsj scalded pigs ; and the hag was the old woman who sells such splendid black pud dings !' when I took the key back to the old man, I asked him why he had his butcher shop at the top of the old building. Oh, sir,' he replied, 'don't tell on me. You see, sir, I make a little by letting it very cheap to these people. I should not be allowed, were it known . They use that room became no one knows of it, and' they are un molested. I can show the house without showing that room to the strangers who visit the town. I used to make a good bit by showing it in former times, but very few come to see it now.' I never hear of haunted houses now, but I think of the pig- killers. — Chambers's Journal. — — mmmm rnmm — — 