THE STOEY-TE (.LER. RALPH MONK. By Miss E. Auvn Kelly. Authoress of " Hampton Court, etc. ) ClIAi'Tilll V". Ralph has journeyed aivny troni Lon- don., .hardly knowing or caring whither, stopping a day or two here ir.i.i there. Rick :sv.i Morton is basking in the sun- shine 1 a- Happiness That ought to have been B.-.k.hs". A shadow had lain long >.n his hestnh. but it is lifted now. Mum- years a.. ', the Morton family mansion in Brya:..i :i Square had been refurnished by Li :., and lined up in a must luxurious style- <; iiKiYnificciice. Servants were in j occup..:i<-.i, and everything in readinesi J for the lighting up of those splendid suit s , of re'-vis. His residence at Ciapham — a 1 charming suburban home — als > nil- h. ruent a complete renovation. and the d'-micsrics gossi; v.l a.:'out the grand doings to be done .. h. n Mr Morton returned from the couth eiit. In the mi 1st of these specula tions one morning a confidential clerk came fr.;h! the banking-house to the tow; mansion, and paid olf all the servants, with . .. os in advance Everything was cover. in linen shrouds. Darkness and 1. : t reigned where the light an ; nfe that gloriously heralded never camt. The '. ; ;s keeper out at the lodge- was now r u/.v servant, in the employment of Mr ; >r: 11 who recollected tin events just a.' .... . to. Part of the lodge was also sh up. like the house in i«»vvu, and there ; umours in coiineeiioii with those I s 1 1 windows in the sunny sotuli wing. Nr.- a now, when painters a>d gilders ha:": made bright every room exc-e;-' ;h. tlie entrance to them was . ' - effectually concealed by the ex press/ .ire -f Mr Morton. Over the J. >-r leauin . :. : hem was placed, a heavy moulding, introduced to lit the frame of i.r.m-nse Turner — a grand pi ecu re of a n us sea. running niountains high. Wj:;.-. this picture alluded to, or concealed, -vas a secret ; inn the picture was:i f a favourite ; housemaids at- night crept r. :;: mslv pas:- it, and shaded tlie lamp- ;:h heir iiauds. lest a ray of light slion ; ci the painted storm. .Some were . ciough to aver iliac the red forke li.-h ring came out of the canvas and p e l dijug the corridor : also that cries : 1 b.-, uttered by those 011 board the - up shi;i, might be heard 011 wine.. . iff.::, wailing within those closed rooms big 1 the picture. Peru . .« diehard Morton had set about the 1 loh.u'ing of his house for his fair young '.ride with greater zest than many a younger ma:! under similar circumstances might : are lone : there was a longing for . tilings oe.re beautiful than those already : posses- - 1, and he set to work accordingly. ; The 1 e- vridors were hung with won derful a;>: ;try. Scattered ab it r were: statuar . pi .-ttires. and other works of art, ; rare -: .! ious. Great were the china j 111 olid g.-.rnishimr and gasping in tlie ; entra. ... e hall : while hothouse liowcrs j cmbi.-.. red and beautified the whole. In ! slior . \\\\-r corner of the house w as pro- j nounc. .1 en .-haiiting. i Here tlie banker brought his beautiful j Bona :ifier a stay of a few weeks in the j Isle of Might, TJiev did not reside in ! town dnrin_ any part of the season, nor had Mr Morton bestowed 011 the mansion in Bryausron Square any share of atten tion in anticipation of occupying it on his marriaue. There tlie white and gold shutters were still unopened, and the closed up, everlasting hatchment of silence yet clung to it. Once, in the very height of the season, lie had taken Bona to inspect it : a cold gloomy feeling j gathered -.ver lier as she entered the . grand portal. As they drove away from j it, she shuddered, and looking back at it 1 with an air of childish awe, declared it 1 made her feel like standing 011 the edge of j a grave; and when Mr Morton proposed that they should occupy it for a time, she declined, as tlie toil of a fashionable life was unsuited to her tastes, which were simple iul retiring. ' ; Bles<-H with excellent health and i naturally of a cheerful, equable tempera- 1 mcnt. Her wedded life was as happy as 1 she could have wished. Few natures were j better suited to each other than liers and 1 Richard Morton's : in the truest and | highest sense they were friends. One day, a few months after her mar riage, Bona, was taking counsel with the gardener about the arrangements of some flower- plots, and she observed for the first time the neglected aspect of the win dows belonging to the closed rooms. The situation of these rooms struck her fancy ; there was a verandah, a balconied bow window with a view of the pleasant valley and the distant surrounding hills ; fine linden trees branched broadly along the wide terrace ; below the verandah the ivy wound ill nonchalant curves under and over the Gothic arches of an ancient boundary wall belonging to the lodge of Leven Manor House. Beside this wall grew equally aged elms and tirs, where in the sukriest noontide of midsummer lin gered cool shadows and reigned a digni fied peace suggestive of elegant leisure. All this stamped the spot with a decided preference for Bonn's eye, and she walked backward over the smooth lawn to the lindens, where she stands gazing tit the blindless, shuttered bow- windews. She thinks how she shall fill with licht, music, art and flowers that desolare-lookiug apartment. The idea of grim silent memories never entered her head. Just the rooms that will suit her remarkably well, besides being in delightful proximity to certain rearward premises that contain a number of her pets. Her eioves arc drawn off, and her resolution- is taken. Tlie gardener and his flower-plots are forgotten. She now seeks the housekeeper, Mrs Francis, whom she finds looking over bur nished plate and glittering china. She listens with averted head when Bona has explained what she requires — entrance to the closed rooms. Mrs Francis urges these rooms are damp and ill-situated, and much discussion prolongs her acquiescence to Bonn's proposal. However, these rooms she would have ; and she leaves the house keeper in the midst of her glittering wealth with this determination firmly fixed in her mind. In the evening, after dinner, she pre ferred her request to Mr Morton, who at the moment, happened to be reading the evening paper. He did not reply nnme- diatelely. As Bona waits for a reply, for the first time during her married life the thought of Ralph Monk comes and interposes between Richard Morton. An empty chair stands near, and fancy fills that with the well-remembered form. The memory of J his v.-., r-.!s. his wishes, his counsels, ail come wjr.h rhe dim sneLW-stion of twilight, reasoning th-.t 'h re phoiiH lie a renewal of tlit- old fri'-i-i- siup, feeling sure he would assist h>?r in h -r views M lite and its dutif s, be to her a true and 1 rusted friend, tor ever comijur an. I going,- tike as he diu in the old time. "While sir - -rails for her husband's reply, a reminiscence of the bright past comes back widi ;; vividness that startlingly re minded her <; ail she had lost. Behind his newspaper, Richard Morton is thinking U». and, evidently, of no trilling m i dor, :- -r his head droops heavily on his br- a i. eni the lines about his head and neck become deeper set : but he still raises the harrier of a newspaper between him an. I ifma. wiio dreams 011. Dreams 0:1 of Ralph, broad-breasted and strong, \\\ i: ii . .irm-s: purposes and aspira tions. S-.m." "mm ago -Ralph was a person j to do avonle i !:;. Her ; even a rew nours : since 1m was not thought of : neither was 1 there nor, a fitness in the lik-position M things, an " -h sirhs t> >rthe old love. If Mr Morton h-i-llaid down his spectacles, and turned from his panel to listen with a smile of ready sympathy, no thought- of Ralph would haw: hirruded ; bur- if seemed that she might as w.-ii hav.- expressed her wishes to tin- m am! niano as to her husband. He never dreams how vividlv his form, fare, ineth..-!s, an 1 a daptabiliih-s. come up be fore Bo:,-.. 1 !:>;; Ji siiiei led by the inter posing puo-'r — ive, as true as anything ever was .k m 01 writ'.,'.). If In; had b-ir lisr.-nel, s.'m had so much : to tell. R ;1 r.slriv: crown upon Bona that ar,' rh:: --.r MierK Her heart is angry, and. In-; softly, after choking ; bark a sob. 5 <»wr to her husband, ami r -. g,-:- ii niters round his while she io'.;, -:«»-.» 11 fit-.- f.re, she say. Ys 011 , y.i'j Js i en to me. Instantly the paper s down, and he glances in a Siie sii.oiij.jiv w,; ko.-I-up kind of way at her. while unih some waiting for his P 'l-m in j,. dm 1 r. eamo slowly and deli I >eia n.-y — f, .id in g one hand over the other, he -mm : " Wei!, -low >! what all I his is about. 1 though, y- u !u; 1 rone away long aro. 1 o;;.,- roll yii that 1 have taken ;i p. i!u>-.e unused rooms 111 1 he sou h 1. ::. '. The <m - with the bow window ! .sii.ilJ make a in .ruing-room of. 'i'iiore 1 sua!.' .'ntr.-.duce all my pets." Am! .Worr.iii sits smiling, as she runs over a list- of f ,:!(a,-s r > b" indulged in when tiic--.,: rooms imvo '> en rehabilitated. At the end in- rises anil retires : saying, as lie leaves tho room, that he shall give ; rdois t" h i ve the rooms opened. Thank von," whispeve.! Bona quietly. r-.-!a..-i:;g afno- lie had m.ne into plans and ; purnos-e.;, vevi'.-iiintr a .--.parateness oi mind i.ierweeu i.er an 1 her i-.usbam!. Sim was pivs"nf next day when the great Turner was r. moved, ill's Francis had vainly .'iideavoted to persuade her to remain awav ; i r j 3 ch-' uiai'ls had put the place is o.-d-r. lb. never, in this she was over:-.;!-.1 by i'.Moa. Behind the picture hung - i . webs in considerable quan- tities. B 'sales a carpenter, several ser vants .-r >0.; .-n-oinid when Mrs Francis insert-' : iJ:e key into the lock of the door, mi essayed to r urn it ; but the eon- . gealod rust and corrosive substaiicrs, the . aeeun -datioii of yeais, cried out in de- ! ris'on at, her m' forts to open the uisnsed . lock. She e.ilh'd on a footman, and lie i with difiiculty turned tlie key, and the door swung hack with a harsh grating j sound. Then there is much peering for- : ward : but nothing is to be seen — nothing stalks stirs in the gloom. Mr Francis enters the room first : Bona , follows. The housekeeper opens the i shutters of the bow windows ; these she ' recollected closing years ago. The light 1 that now came in showed the dust an j inch deej) 011 every article. As she looks > around she sighs, and a vision of a fair, ' false woman she last saw here came back . to her. j " Why, Mrs Francis exclaims Bona. ; who sees nothing but the present, "'it i seems as if the room had been occupied ; but yesterday. True, there is an accurnn- ! lation of dust, but that is nothing." j Dust .' Yes, madam," replies the ! housekeeper abstractedly. ; " IcrmnoT follyon," pursues Bona, "how j many plans I am at this present moment j revolving in my brain for making this 1 new found territory charming. This is : the very place to make one's self, and very j particular friends, dreadfully liappy in, you | know." j Mrs Francis seems to shrink from this ': speech, the latter part of it especially. ! Bona thinks her unsympathetic. I The fitting up of this nook after her own j peculiar style affords Bona much pleasure j a pleasure not participated m by ner 1 husband. Whenever she invited him to come and inspect progress of the alterations i he was always ready with the excuse that ! he should come when it was quite finished. | When all is set in order, she comes one ; day, and taking him laughingly by the ; arm, conducts him to the door of the ! formerly disused room, which she opens i and says : j 11 Allow me to introduce you " 1 Here she pauses, for her husband has i involuntary drawn back a step, and on ; looking up into his face she sees that something has disturbed him. What can ; it be ? There is no ghost in this now bright room ; then she mingles her own I ideas with those of her husband's — as she \ thinks — and stroking his pallied cheek, j says gently : 1 " Have I done anything to grieve yon, dear ! " ' "You he replies absently after ai pause, during which time he had been scanning the room. " No Bona, darling, you have not grieved me. Onlv " Here ensued another pause. " Only why 1" queries Bona ; " not the ghost you've seen, have you 1 I could no; see a shred of such a thing ; I can only see you." "Yes — no," he replies confusedly, as he enters the room ; "but everything here is very charming — sweetly pretty, my love — very ; " and he becomes apparently very attentive while she prattles away and points out various objects of interest. Yet he is silent and unlike himself. Bona perceives it, but cannot guess why. Ah ! Bona, Bona, you little suspect the harrowing memoriesyou waked — naconscr- ously — in the heart of the man whese hand is linked in yours. Another face — not hers — made bright existence when he last stood within this room. But Bona's brightpreseuce soon banishes sad thoughts, and he smiles into her sunny eyes as she places liini in a cosy arm-chair, saving, " And now as you are so good — and if yon- promise to continue so — I shall allot you this little corner opposite to my chair sit to yourself." He gave the required promise, sealing it a kiss, and as she smoothed away the hair off his brow she never thought how, one day, this strange emori-oh would be explained. But it all vanished now, not \- a jhonght of the past remains with Richard Morton as he leans back in his chair, -and gaxes across at Bona, who while she gaily takes busies herself with some wonderful i-vuipynua or iancy-woric. ile ieeis so content and thankful for the blessings of his lite. He remembers nothing but the : beautiful Bona. If some who were once well loved could come.aiid from b -hind a. heavy curtain behold how the affection that had been theirs is lavished 011 another : witness how a place can be filled : how joy and merri ment is made where th - parting voice is heara ; then might be said " all things that are is well." From this day Mr Morion sat constantly here with Bona, and here also came one who was reckoned by both a particular ric-nci, Ralph Monk. To Be CoxxrxrEP. 