LAYS OF THE LAND LEAGUE. THE Nation is publishing a series of lavs under the iibovc heading, and, as a sample of them, wc give No. II. :— OUR YOW. Brothers, we have suffered long, But let the truth be known— For all our grief, and pain, and wrong The fault was half our own; We bowed before the tyrant's might, We trembled at his frown, We worked against each other's right, We ground each other down. But these things shall no more be done; So swears our banded host— In the name of the Father, And of the Son, And of the Holy Ghost! We promised all the cruel rent Our landlords could demand; Still up, and up, our biddings went For every patch of land. Man after man the burden crushed, And, then, to our disgrace, Forth from the crowd his neighbours rushed To scramble for his place. But these things shall no more be done, We swear, from coast to coast— In the name of The Father, And of the Son, And of the Holy Ghost! No, we shall leave untitled, unsown, The lands, however fair, From which an honest man was thrown Upon the roadside bare; As if a curse was on the spot That saw such hateful deeds, We'll leave the empty house to rot, The fields to choke with weeds. These are the things that shall be done, So swears our banded host— In the name of the Father, And of the Son, And of the Holy Ghost! And so, u^itedj hand in hand, We'll change the bitter past, And make our long-afflicted land The home of peace at last, Where those who till shall hold tho soil From God, their only Lord, And virtuous lives of honest toil Shall have their bright reward. These are the things that shall be done, We swear, from coast to coast— In the name of the Father, And of the Son, And of the Holy Ghost! —T. D. S., Nation, RELICS OF LTTTHEB.—We learn from Pest that .the will of Luther, preserved in tie library of the Protestant Consistory of the capital of" Hungary, has .' been deolarea authentip by the Committee of Palaeographers appoihted to examine it. This document, of considerable Historic value, dating from 1542,- will be arranged under a glass case, to allow tiaitors to tbe' 'Oonkiritoried Library to examine it'at leisure. I/uther's Bible is still extant. From this copy he'made his German translation of -the .Scriptures. It is the Latin Vulgate, .of the Catholic Church, and contains pii its tyi-own and dfyg-eared leaves many nptes, Bad Wmarks written by Luther's own h^nd. This "vbliime is now in the possession o'f'De' SAhleohta, at Wartenbiirg, in Bohemia 1 . 11 It telbriged to the Boyal Library of Saxony, whence it passed into the poet! Jto Hbezdv'vho gai% it tbits' J pifesent owner. , ' - :'A';'oofii3tre statustib' relativp"to the <K»" sumption'of fenlphate'of^ quinine thrddghonj 1 the : entire";world'-infdnhs ^nfl that annually are eold 100,900 kilogramnies. to the valne of fully 40 million marks, corresponding: to 56 million francs. Adding thereto, the value of the other salts of quinine, under form of arseniates, bromates, and chlorates, &"•> amounting to about two million francs, we have the sum total of 68 'million francs expended yearly for quinine alone. 