THE CAMILLA URS0 CONCERTS. That the natural tastes of the Sydney public tend towards the rendition of high-class music, has fre quently been the subject of remark. In musical as well as in dramatic matters, Sydney people arc some- times difficult to please, but rarely indeed lias a masterspirit of either art visited our shores, who lias not met with the warmest reception and tho fullest appreciation. Wc havo only to call back memories of such dramatic performers na Rrooko ami Montgomery, and Charles Mathews, or such gifted musicians as I)o Mumk:i Carandini, Anna Rishop, and Jenny Clans, to fuel how fully we have acknowledged (he highest order of talent ; and now we haveamonuHt ns a lady violinist, whoso name stands high in the ranks of thoso who claim to product! tho sweetest sounds from the monarch of stringed instruments. Camilla Urso, who commenced ft surics of six concerts at the Eehool of Arts last night, has played in tlie principal cities of the old world.aml the fame of her name has gone abroad over almost tlie entire civilised world. Uigher iu rank than Jenny Clans as a lady violinist, shu has not perhaps achieved the fame of Norman Xeruda, the queen of violinists, hut her name stands in the musical world at one of the nearest approaches to her. undshc is unquestionably tho moat gifted lady violinist that it has ever been tlie lot of Australian people to hear. Her reception hist night at the School of Arts was enthusiastic to a degreo. The cheaper priced portions of the building might have been better Idled, but this was compensated for by the brilliant assemblage iu the front scats, nnd by the rapturous applause which greeted lier every effort. It would be unwise for any performer to essay single- handed tlie task of entertaining an audience, and so Camilla Urso liaa associated with her a few other performers, and. together, they make up a programme which it would be impossible to equal at the present time in the Southern hemisphere. Thcopcniug piece was a musical poem, " Dause Macabre," for two pianos, intended to represent tho midnight revelry of skeletons and ghosts. This "dance of death" is tho composition of St. teaens, and is of a weird-like character, not unlike some of the pas sages in " Faust," and necessitating the most effec tive manipulation of the instrument. Messrs. Sanret and Scherck were the performers, and they exhibited the most brilliant execution, and the music ceased amidst quite a burst of enthusiasm. Signor Pictro Taladini. a tenor who has already established himself as a high favourite iu our music-loving community, followed with the ronmnza "Spirito Oentil," from Donizetti's " La Fnvorita," which was sung with great purity of tone and with even more spirit than Paladini usually exhibits. A piano solo from Waguor's " Tanuliauser " was next played by M. Saurct, and Miss Jennie Sargent theu made bur first appearance before a Sydney audience, sclccLiug- lor her debut piece, that favour ite song of He Murska's, " Lo ! Hear the gentle lark." Miss Sargent possesses a remarkably sweet and flexible voice. In every note there is music and sweetness, and she sings with an case and grace that seem to please even more than greater power and greater cultivation in the art of public singing would do. Not, however, that wo mean that Miss Sargeut does not exhibit cultivation ; it is rather that her cultiva tion has reached the point of perfect naturalness, and that when wc see and hear Miss Sargent wc see. ami hear one of nature's own musicians, with a voice us fresh and beautiful almost as the carolling of the lark, whose voice she sought to imitate. She was encored ; indeed it would have hccu a wonder if she had not, and as uu encore piece, she sang with ex quisite effect that ever welcome ballad, " Robin Adair." llau there been the customary flute obbli- gato with iicrlirst effort, tlie enthusiasm would have beeu greater even than it was. Urso herself next came on the stage, and her appearance was the sigual for such n rapturous round of applause as must have greatly delighted lier. For tho piece with which she was to introduce 11618011 to the audience she had chosen "The Witches' Dance," by Pagatiiui,, and a better choice could scarcely have been made to display the perfect mastery which Urso hott over the instrument, herself apparently enraptured by the grandeur of the music her violin cinittcd. She played with almost cnebauting perfection the celebrated variations which the solo coutaius. Now low, but cloar and sweet, aud distinct, the sounds came from the delicate touches of bow and lingers, and now the music changed to higher aud sharper strains, until ono was almost lost in woudermeut that such a variety of harmony could he accomplished with such astonishing rapidity. Camilla Urso came fully up to all that was expected from her, and after the delighted and loug continued plaudits which rang out from the audience, it required no seers tongue to tcl) that she had fully established herself ill pubbo favour ns a liuly violinist par excellence, Of course, slio was onooreu. nnd voudorod a waltz by Tabowoski in qmto us effective and onjovublc a manner. In the second part of tho programme, she contributed Russian nil's by Wicmnwski so charm ingly, that she was twice encored, playing first " The Last, Rose of buminer,- and theiva inazourkn. In this part also, Signor Paladiui ruccivedu well-merited encore, the programme concluding with a most ellcctively-reudercd duet from "iruvmtu" by Miss Jennie bargcut and Signor Paladini. Another eou- a ft is to bo given Ibis oveuiug. 