Adj OTHER GHOST STORY. A haunted house in \\\rarrnambool is.such a novelty that we give the following ghost story for what it is worth. There is a house in Leenna street in which a young woman died some time since, under circumlstances which gave rise to unpleasant rumors at the time. The house is now inhabited by Mr. J. Mlanning swho is about to carry on the business of a hay and corn merchant. The apparition which is said to haunt the pire mises appeared first to two sons of the tenant, aged respectively 19 and 25 years of age. They were sleeping in the small room of she house, to the window of which on the night in question there was no blind. The elder brother states that about two o'clock in the morning lie was awakened by feeling something like a rush of cold wind over his face. Tlhinking that the door or window of the apartment was open he cast his eyes towards each, but observed that they were closed, On settling dowen again he was considerably startled at seeing tile figure of a woman standing by the fireplace a few feet from him. The figure was clad in dark clothes with a kind of cowl over the head, The "pale glimpses of the person " which found their way into the chamber were not sufficient to define the figure accurately, so that its features could not be discerned. With considerable trepidation Malnning turned to awafken his brother, and for a mo ment took his eyes off the figure, In that mo ment it vanished. Manning asked his brother to get a light, without sayisng a word of spectral appearance. The younger man rose up in bed to get a match from his garment, and he was immediately rendered speechless by an appearance in the corner of the room. When he recoveredjhis speech, he ejaculated that there was a figure in the corner, and retreated under the bed clothes. Calling their manhood to the rescue, the two mens-stalwart specimens of the genus homo--mado up their minds to solve the mystery. It may here le said that the one who first saw the spectre did not see it again after losing sight of it at the fireplace. They both rose together to . lay the ghost," but on going to the corner they saw- noth, ing. The door of the soom was closed and so was the window, both being as they had left them when they had retired to rest. Such is their story, and so thoroughly im pressed are they that they saw an apparition that neither have slept in tlhejsame room since, but have taken up their quarters in the front room of the house. Every night the sleeping looms of the family are now illu minated, and lights arce kept burning till morning, in dread of the visitation. It is probably because the family were ex pecting a te.appearance of the apparition that it was again scen a few nights after r its first visit, and this time by the father. r Manning pdce was lying awake and look ing through the open door of his bedroom into tile rooms where his sons were sleep iing beyond, when a grey figure with a t cowl over its head, such fis described by the younger son, passe:l slowly across the roolm. It appeared as if it had gained entrance by the front door, but both front and back doors were tound locked after the disappearance of the figure. There is no doubt but that the inmates of the house have had a great fright from some cause or other, and there is a disposition to connect the disturbing element with thse nies of the poor girl who breathed her last in the house under such circumstances that an in. vestigatiou into the cause of her death was roodered necessary.-Sflanilard. Sre were cleven candidates of the Jewishs f--n sV-ua before constituencies at the ., from B-? tions in England, of whonm'five to for T uckli In lns u de BoUlogne the other day was to ite Li, rocessull on bycioles, each It } hly behinid hims, and the 'sk ({g a violin. ya an A'te;s Sydney tele t, lssrmes at ',llogong caught tish armed withs rri , wit 