' " STRANGE, EB 1 TBUE." ^ Such , was the thought that passed through, my mind after hearing the tales mentioned below, and the discussion that. naturally' arose concerning them. I am, of course, no believer in "ghost stories," but, as many of:: my readers doubtless know, .there are circumstances which seem to baffle all attempts at explanation. Such, I think, are those which were lately repeated to me, and which, believing they might interest our readers, I. intend to write down as they are said to have occurred,.: Before, however, commencing to do so, I think it best to say that all, the stones were related by, .the persons ; who were actually : concerned m them. About three year's ago, a gentleman holding a. government situation at the Cape,: was residing, for a time, in the execution of his duty, in a- smaE village some" distance from Cape Town. It was, in. general, a very quiet place, with only a few regular residents;. a great, many of: the houses remaining closed most of the : year, their owners living elsewhere on their farms. , Once in twelve, months, however, the little village became quite gay, assuming,,for a few weeks, a totally, different aspect. This was on the occasion of the annual fair, when, in strong contrast, to-its usually almost deserted look,, the place was literally crowdedwith.visitors ot all kinds The time of the fair was'very close at hand, when the gentleman to whom. I have: referred, - a man in the prime of life, active, strong, m vigorous health, and not in any way imaginative, lett the house 1 wherehe was residing, with.themtentionoE taking a walk.: It was a clear, beautiful evening, the moonlight making all as distinct as iu:the day; and he paused beBide one of the emptyi houses already mentioned; for the purpose'of-lighting, his pipe. There was not a cloud to be seen y not a shadow east anywhere near where be was standing, w"hen suddenly, from .round the corner, as if jnst leaving the hall-door, passeda full-Bized coffin, just such a height from the ground as would, have been the case had it been carried on men's shoulders., The-gentleman watched it with a feeling of curiosity, and it- seemed to disappear in the distance. - He . told me that no one could have mistaken,it; the shape being so perfectly defined. -It stood- out grey and opaque in the clear, sweet air,. and passed htm so closely that he could have laid >his handupomt. Wondering at the strange sight, but without any.feehng of dread or. fear., connected with it,'he. was-yet suffi-' ciently impressed by the circumstance to write it down; with the date and hour, in liiB ; note-book; and to mention it to the doctor, who was an intimate friend, of iis, though the latter merely laughed, believing it to have been some optical delusion, even when assured that my iriend had seen lt-as plainly as he then saw himself. Some days passed, and in the,busy, daily life, ,the aiffair was forgotten by both gentlemen. ThA fair-time arrived, and, as usual, the little village was crowdedi Amongst the; •visitors" was a - young man suffering, from typhoid fever, who was taken-to the very cottage before named. All tie skill of,the doctor proved unavailing, and, amidst the general: gaiety, the Bhadow o£ death fell upon- hnn; and, three days after his arrival, his coffin was carried out of the house from'whence the gentleman had seen the strange eight issue: - : -On:remindmg. the doctor • of. '-what, he. had' .been, "told, - .the latter said that had he , remembered the facts, he would hare sent the invalid elsewhere; though, of course, if the call, •fCome up hither," bad "gone forth from the Master's lips, no earthly power eould havestayedthedepartrngBpirit .=. >« T said, before; 1 am no believer in ghost stoneBi but when a strange fact such aB this is'declared' to have-been seen'by. a: practical, -unimaginative . man, in :good health, one scarcely knows what to think The scene of my next story- is laid'in New lorkj lna'iandsome • house in-one of the best parts of the city ,; the lady who related it reBided . ther e at the -time;. the other inmates consisting of, her husband; two Children, and servants;: A cousin, with whom- she had been brought up from infancy, usually lived with them, but his health having latterly failed, he had gone, by advice, to Florida. One afternooD, as she* was. - sitting i playin^ with .the •; little onesi4he-nurse, who was also sn'the room, exeleimed, " There is Mr. Qeorgei" : Look- Sng np, thelady, to her-astonishment,^.caw.-; Her eons!n; ; whom:she lieheTOd to.be so fart away, standing in a leaning attitude against the open door,-giving at the merry group;; .naturally .enough, her,.first remark-; was to enquire why. he had returned, but be gave no answer and moved away, as Bbe ' thonghtrto gs cpstairs. Juet- at tlmt moment,iher."husband.enterediby,, another: door, and she at once told him that " George was at home, and gone to his room." <3Had tp hear the welcome, though; 'iqvatef-'unexpected.^newsjijthe.i,gentleman; followed ,him, batrsoon came down, saying, hewas-not .there. -Greatly, yuzzled-'ap to, where-their-couBmcould-havediBappeared,- they searched every, room with as little success 5 ,no one, save the -lady and .her,: nurse, having seen, him about,the house,.; Almost in 1 next mull brought ILem the sad ndelligence that the yojrng man had: died of rapid decline, at the veiy hour of the day on winch his cousin had, as she thought, spoken to jhun in her own drawing-room. . The lady to whom this happened had.always be'en most averse to putting any faith in stories of this kind, and, but for the news o£-his-death ha,ving occurred precisely at the time she saw him, would.always have remained convinced that he returned and played some trick upon her. The most singular part of the. circumstance is, I think, that whilst the lady and; nurse both -saw and spoke to him, the children: .took no notice , of one whom they bad always Ioyed, being in the same rpom. . Another,.most -curious tale, indeed, the most .puzzling of all, was related: of a soldier leaving- bis nost throngh Beeing j the * spirit," as lie affirmed, of one of his officers, who, unknown .to ' him; .ihad: just shot himself but having read it in one of our daily .papers, I do not repeat it, as mv readerB may,, m-all -probability,vhave done the same. .r ,:My last story , is one rtilat happened on board' ship, :and :tbat 'seems ~to me -veiy pathetic' from . the great love that : must -iaic on' a lovely" evenibg • titfoMoF*l,be •paseengerB on board a homeward-bound Indiaman,'tempted :by the beauty: of the scene, was lingering on deck; unwilling' to : exchange , the -pure .Eea breeze for . this -leated atmosphere below. Looking round, with a feeling that he was no longer alone, and expecting to see one of his companions, he was surprised to see sitting besidehim,' the dearest friend -he possessed, and who; as he knew,, was Etstioned somewhere in" the West Indies.." B, he exclaimed. utterly bev/ildercd by seeing the fkoe so familiar to "him gazing fondly, yet-sadly: a^ iiTm- "bow came you lierc? Have you: been hidden.away all these days ?" As he spoke ialf-jestirigly, over.him—was ,he dreaming or mad? Sow could B •, who was hundreds of miJes away, be now on, board witih:bim f ' How .did you get -here?".,he asked, hiB voice insensibly taking an awe-stxuck tone- "I came to see you," wa< the answer, spoken m low, .strangely thrilling accents ;• *' I felt I must 'see you, but I.cannot efay He, laid his hand on that ot his frisnd as:he spoke,-pressing it .witn the old !?«ntl« touch -the ,other remembered so wejl. and .was gone before any,an&wer.could; be made- .: For a long 1 time, ithe:,officer sat pondering on thestrange visit; then taking out -his note-book in .the. .•" bright: statr-Uuh^, he placed ihe. facts 011 record, with- the hour and date. He did not menuon the circumstance on- board:.-knowing' well' now improbable sucu.a story would..appear, but it was with a iieavy. ieart. tjiafc h'e saw the 'f white cliffs of old England:' becJming visible, for a deep conviction had taken possession ofjJms -hearn thaf,-on landing, he would,, in some way, receive sad tidings of his old and well-loved friend. He knew that he had. -been awake and that speech had passed between his strange visitor and himself, ' but who that vititant was, he dreaded, brave soldier though he were,.to attempt to explain. Landing m England, his fears were soon verified, intelligence reaching him that, on the very night when he had seen and spoken io'him,Jhis'friendhad died m tho West Indies. I do not pretend no give any explan ation of these "strange stories ;" those who tola them to me averted eolemnly tuat sue fume were just as they haa stated them, ana I have no reason to aisbeheve iheir word- Tbat such things may occur, bvpctmiesion of our all- wise _ Creator, is quite possibio, but, whilst granting so much, I tbinK . every one should do his or her nimons to put down and -destroy tliat foolish, bortfnt belief in those so-called" glioBt-stories." thai, bave so often done Buen irretrievable mischief to timid natures end young children. Thinking the above accounts curiouB and somewhat out of the common—at least.-the first aiiU third—I have simply "told the tale as 'tsas told to me,"leaving my readers to form th ir own judgments about them.. Still, I. tbiiik flaiBlet^s words may, -withijastioe, in, quoted regarding them, ".That there are more things m heaven and, earth;than are dreamt of in our philosophy,'' and that/ in: very tratli, snoh stories are - ".strange,: if true?'/ , . E. A C. 