AN INSURANCE POLICY. Mr. Joshua Stabbing was a pro ; dent yonog mao, and he passed his time cbitfiy in manipulating figores. He dabbled in them aa a . dnokling paddles io maddy water ; then he swam id them, disappearing at times head over heels after tbe moat approved fashion of water (nuT I Ha nrnntil nhsnrl laznina znsinzf re . past, sad making figures on his thumb-nails, or he would begin cypheriog on tbe bank of s letter, in a state of eelf -satisfied sbstrso lion, while general conversation was going on sroand bim. Numbers seemed to hsve s fascination for bim, and probably be dreamt of them, for the rest, be was s cautions character. He always looked on bath sides of s hedge before he jumped, aod then he did not jamp. He walked through tbe gale . if there was one, and appeared quite cool in tbe plsoe where he wanted to go, ready to moralize on any inire odveDtarons traveller whose enter prise bod Deeu ie»iriod by a sprained »nme or s orozeo leg. lie came too, ot e cautious funily. No S'nbbins of his con- nectioo, whatever might be his or her Chris tian o a in c, Rod ever foregone an.sdventsge. They seemed to be nlwaye posted in . hot I corners, ready to take pot shots at good things, and they were surprisingly qaick about it. If anyone else fired aoroes them they cried oat, " My bind, I think, Sir.', before the smoke had cleared away, and they pioked np the disputed geese with a calmness and resolution that, left other noble sportsmen abashed and dnmbfonhd- ed. Joshua Stabbins was, therefore, a creditable speaimen of as sharp a raoe of trne-bom Batons as any now going,, aod possibly hia hereditary ocnteneaa may have been still farther perfected by the fact Chat hie mother was an Americoo lady bom San Francisco, where a fine bald style of morality is rather the rule then., the exception, in .prevailing . fashions. It waa somewhat strange, therefore with saoh admirable qualifications for.. growing rich,. than- Jmhnh'fl mtemtl rnlafira ahnnlrt kaoa borst np ; bnt accidents will happen, and i there is euch a thing ss taming -over dol lars too feet. Stabbing senior had been stopped in this invigorating pars ait fay a party of criminal. attorneys going in the asms direction : bnt nnlnohily they got the bet ter of him on a qnestion of detail, and seized him one foggy night in the hold of. s Peruvian steamer, with - all hie plunder realised in his breast pooket. " Josh,"«sid theoldman, when he, was down, " can't yon give s poor chap .leg np ? Yon never, paid me yet for that small item io your beard when yon ante nneeiag-f " Hold -on, . Gnv'nor," replied Joshae, with much good, fading, ."X thought yon would he harping, ba that little account again, though tbatV put of mother' personal -. uetale, thntile ; and suppose she gave me a release before she died, how ore yon -off then ? Besides ) tbe debt is etstnta ran. Bnt I tell yon . iwbat X7vn.-done.tnr. yon. I've .been. and. beared my life ' for. e . thousand .pounds; mod that will set .yon on .your legs, again." " How's that 7" asked Mr. Stabbins, senior " Weil, yoa'il see," replied his eon ; " only don't yon let it ..go oat of . yoar bead that X bave paid extra, rndt- premium - forgoing to unhealthy el(mc-, and. th»t I mm .off .to-morrow by>be Walrus, which. Ss not marked .Ail mtJU iyti'e, .hot which tis. Spvzrthelrei, outward bound tor tbe xtr#r Congo." " I don't seem to see it," mat tered Mr. Stabbins, raefally. " Yon don't want gumption, neither, yon don't," an swered his eon, totting np a short accoaot of nine figores on the palm of his hand. " Can't yon lend ns a tenner, ' and have done with it ? X can make a hundred by it before nightfall If I can get down to the Stock Exchange In time," protested the venerable gentleman ; only, hang it, a man lias no heart to swagger when hie pookets or as clean aa mine." " No, I .cau'i, leastways, I won't," replied his eon, with greet kindness of manner. " It wouldn't' do yon no good. In yonr down-in-the- mootb state yon would only lose it. Yon; go to my bosrding-bonee ; I have paid a week for yon in advance,- and yon can re- oonp me with ten per cent, on the loan when yonr ahip comes home." " X ain't got no ahip ; yon know that very well," growled Mr. Stabbins, senior. Hie son whistled ; then, after looking ont cf the tavern window near which they were conversing, ae though be saw something in the street ' which amused him, Joshua said, suddenly : " Now, FU tell yon whet yon shall do, old man ; yon shell go and play a quiet game of ' perhaps,' over a gla.s of grog, for I most weigh anchor. Enough said. Chio, Chin, It is Chinese for 'Good-bye.' " " What do yon mean by plsyiog at per haps ? " inquired the elder Stubbies, with anm« dtnarirv atnri Alnlnfiinw si hia onn's arm before he conld get away. " Well I mean perhaps I shell come back, and perhaps I shan't. Play at that, and you'll tarn np trnmps. Yoa'il fiad tbe poliay and the receipt far the first premium in my old hat nnder the bed whore I slept last night. It's yonr bed now for m week. Ta-ta, old man ; keep yonr pecker np, and a sharp eye on the evening papers. They're always the first to find a mere's nest.'" Next day the good ship Walrus hoisted the bine peter, and went down the river with the tide. Her passenger list was al mode ont correct according to use and custom, and the name of Mr. Joshua Stabbins; general merchant, was reoordeo to an nnasaatly legible hand, without eve.. a fault in the spelling. She carried all all the regulation eafety boats, which conld not be used. in esse of need ; all the preventatives against nenrvy, which in- variably tarned oat delusions ; and, n. addition to b misceliaoeons cargo shipper by aa Armenian firm in the Minoriee, sh carried a eaffioiency of mats for dnnnage. The confidential agent of the Armenian firm osme down to Greveeebd to eee he. off aod Joehaa Stabbins was the lost ma. who shook hands with . him. They both seemed pleased when the parting wasddne, and . the last of the formalities with the rive, polios being fairly over. It is pleasant t ' be relieved of the anxieties of trade, though why the confidential agent' of th- Armenian firm and Joshua Stabbins began to ahnokle directly they had taken leave of esoh other is not so clear. Three dy- after wards notice was received at Lloyd'e that the Walrus had foundered in mid channel -with all hands on board ; and an event so naturally interesting to a mari time people was duly chronicled in the evening pspera. Several able editors wrote or ordered iesding articles, commenting oo the awful catastrophe, and suggesting on official inquiry. The Board of Trade, wish ing to give a torn of special, eerviae to a clerk connected with the President, aleu took the matter np, and several patriotic citizens indicted letters to the leading journals to denounce :the . dangers of the seas. Meanwhile the Armenian firm dwel ling in the Minores claimed their insur ances, and Mr. Stabbins senior lost no time in waiting on the Providential ineti- tutiou which his son had eo opportunely patronised. He was in very deep mourn log when he -presented himself before the secretary of the Albion Equitable Alliance to claim his tbonund pounds, but there was an air of Jubilee about the old gentle man whioti gave that official bnt a po opinion of his domestic affections, anu which seemed to indicate that he took the .oss of hia son aa a piece of nooalloyed good fortune. It chanced, however, thai tbe insurance office hod lately fonght one or two -donblfnl oases of disputed policies, aod hod got into bad odonr with tbe pnb' lit »o that they were not in a . favourable position to contest a new claim, as pos sibly Joehaa Stnbbins had foreseen ; and indeed, the foot that Mr. Joshoa Stnbbins had hnrn aeen last /LsvsssnJ > \- — — -- -- wa.,WSUUj uu uusro the Walrus, which was then under «ning orders, and bad touched at no other port, and that the Walrus had been lost at eea with all hands, admitted of no dispute. The policy of insurance for £1000 was accordingly psid in doe course, and Mr. Siubbins, senior, who did not like to waste time, asked the Secretary of the company whether he hod any commissions for -lexas, on the very . morning he received the .money, ' No, six; I have no commis sions for Texas," replied tbe Secretary, diyly ; and he felt that he would have liked to say more, bnt he did not know how to pat it in words. He was a very aioe man, that Secretary. He had a high cumplexionandw'hitewhiskera, withgoldep.ee- tacles, all of the highest respectability aod hie appearance was worth all the salary paid to him. Great was bis surprise and indignation, therefore, one Satniday afternoon, when who ahonld he see bnt Mr. Joshoa IStubb nr, junior, walking along Toofoy-street, and doing sums upon a hand-bill. The secretary, whose name was Bowker, hod always considered him sell remarkable for decision of chsraoter and first to aonviobe' himself that Josba! was mot a ghost by proddiDg him with his umbrella, th-n to hail a policeman and give him into ens tody, was the work of a moment. "Wot's hop, sir," said th- policeman, tonohing his hat to Mr. Bow- kern gold speotoolee. "I— I— I, that man's an impostor, a swindler ; he — he ought to bs dead," gasped the secretary, whose derision ot chsraoter did not for tbe moment help him how to frame the charge against Joshua, or, indeed, what charge to frame at all. " He hain't dead sir," remarked tbe policeman, stolidly! " Bless yer, sir, tbat ain't his little game." " Don't let ga of him," stammered Mr. Bowker, growiag redder and more confused than before; eo the polioeman thns ad-, jared' and feeling. a tip which the secret ary put into his hand, led Joshua Stub- bins, no way losth, off to the nearest station-bones in custody. The behaviour of that gentleman was throughout admirable. He hardly stopped in hie calonlations, save to nod pleasantly at the secretary, a. muuu aa vo nay, now ae ao, Bowker?" Theo he silently aooompanied the police man, and was locked ap .on about as rig marole a set of allegations as ever deprived a British citizen of liberty. It was very different sort of bntiness when Mr. Bowker attended next day to support the charge . he hod made. Then it tur ned ont that Joehaa hod got the best legal advice to be had for money behind him. Solicitors, counsel, witnesses all complete. They very soon showed tbat he had dona nothing, j and > rednoed the case against him all to rabbish. He had . eaved himself with a cork jacket, he had, when the" Walrus went -down.' He had subse quently been picked up ' by tte Grade schooner Birban tslri, and After trmohing at a port in the Black Ssa had actually gone, to the Congo as ha intended. Now he wm in London. If his father had sup posed him dead, it waa natural Mr; fitub- bins,. senior, ahonld have claimed the! money, -to whioh he oonsideced :himself en- till An Rflt lilM' SDnva aa waa— latawaiia ,T — ; . III lil»lllllMIIUHI , which in no way concerned hu hob. and ovzr'Whirii' that gentleman had nb -control ; for be ponld not poasibly . have had any. knowledge of them. IRtimately Joehna : walked ont of court quite noconeemedly. making- figures on the crown bf his hat. Then he proseented :the company for having looked him np in the station-house. But by .this, time they had had , enough of bim,. and. offend him a pom down in hard cszh to be bought off. « Make it guin- eaa," ssld: Joshoa, jotting ; down a . rttfoB trial with his. pencil on the dvory knob 6f Bowker® ombrdh, 44 mofce-it-.«ainen, od I'll olimb down." So they made . it. guinea, f- -JProm Truth. 