NEWS OF THE MONTH. Sir William F. D. Jervois will leare Adelaide shortly, to visit the Melbourne Exhibition. Shocks of an earthquake have been recently felt in several districts in South Australia. As an instance of the sending of quick telegraphic messages, it is asserted that news was recently sent from Australia to London in five hours. Two men who were examining some wreckage in a boat at Port Elliott narrowly escaped death. The boat was seized by the tentacles of an Octopus, and swamped. The fares between Sydney and Melbourne in first-class steamers, are now £1 saloon, second cabin 10s., with bedding and provisions. The Intercolonial Football Matches resulted in victories for the Victorian players. Some excellent sport was witnessed on the Oval, and the ground was thronged by spectators. A young man named Ryan, at Hoyleton, while engaged in grubbing, over-exerted himself, and was found lying dead shortly after in the field by his mother. The Saturday Night Concerts at the Town Hall, are being continued, the public evidently appreciate good vocalization »d well-played music, and accord large patronage. The Australian Cricketers suffered a first defeat at Scar borough, on August 20th. Up till that period they had splendid suecess, having won 19 matches with any quantity of runs to spare. Bishop Bugnion. who submitted a scheme to the S. A Government some time ago, fur introducing a colony of Metn- nnnites into the Northern Territory, died at Naples on 17th May. An individual named Clark, at Kadina, played the ghost once too often. Timid women and children were scared by him at night. Last week the pi dice caught the fellow in the ghostly act ami having brought him to court, he was fined los. and sentenced to fourteen days imprisonment in Wallaroo Gaol. Customs duties are to be imposed on a number of articles imported and exported at the Northern Territory. The ex port duty on gold there will in future be os per ounce, or part of an ounce. The Government have borne the expense of supporting the Territoiy a long while, aud they intend now to make settlers there contribute to the revenue. An extensive robbery was committed at Messrs. G. N. aud W. H. Rirks' warehouse last week, when goods valued at nearly £300 were stolen by a man named DeLasortie, who was formerly an assistant there! The whole of the property was recovered, and the offender was cleverly arrested as he was coming out of the Baptist Chapel, where he had been attend- ng devotional duties. Received — The S.S. Orient Galop.— This new addition to the music of the day. promises to become a general favourite, as it is lively and pleasing, and easy of execution. The com poser is Mr. W. Woreley. who dedicates this offspring of genius to Captain R. Studdert. The style and get up o. the . gal >p i< creditable to the publishers, and the front page is | adorned by a well-executed representation of the s.s. Orient. Improvements are rapidly being made iu the manufacture of carriages of every description, and Mr. E. Wiese, of Gouger- stree west, seems determined to keep pace with the times in this direction. His specialties are buggies of all kinds, and the " Dexter," an admirable vehicle for those who desire com fort and speed in travelling, is a marvel of ingenuity. A bootmaker at Government Gums, desirous of trying his luck in the business now vacant by the breaking up of the Kelly gang, stoie a revolver from a Chinaman, borrowed a horse from a colt-breaker, and entered into the " new line." Meeting the proprietor of the horse, the owner requested him to dismount. He refused to do so, and discharged the revolver, fortunately without doing any harm. He then put spurs to the horse and made off to the bush. He was last heard of going in the direction of Queensland, but ere he reaches that colony, his career will doubtless be cut short. The intelligence as to gold prospects at the Northern Terri tory are still favourable, aud it is reported large quantities of the precious metal are being found. Tse tidings, though good, has not disarranged the equanimity of Adelaide residents, and but few cases of " gold fever " have been heard of notwith standing the finding of a 421b. nugget and other large speci mens. It is time the Government took active measures to utilize the Territory instead of allowing it to remain as hitherto, little better than a " white elephant." We observe in the Budget Speech mention made of the requisite sum for expen diture there, and some steps should be adopted to render it more self- supporting, &c.; The Sydney Exhibition medals for award to exhibitors from this colony are to be presented to them shortly. The District Courts Bill has been rejected. The overpower ing eloquence of Sir. Henry Ayers was too much for lion, members' and the Attorney-General's hobby received its death blow in the debate on the second reading. We have just seen a most beautiful landau, which has been built by Messrs. Barlow & Sons, Bundle-street, and is to be sent to the Melbourne Exhibition. It is a credit to the colony, and will, no doubt, secure a first prize. Me. Quin, who has lately retired from Parliamentary life in consequence of ill health, was recently presented by his well wishers and friends with a silver salver and purse of 1G0 sovereigns. He leaves for Java by an early ship, and it is hoped his trip will improve him. Convictions of those who have spurious labels in their possession which might be used for bottles containing adulter ated spirits, continue to take place, and a new phase of the matter is the prosecution of the unfortunate printers who hap pen to have the surplus of any orders they have executed for the offenders in stock. Last week two cases of this kind were heard at the Police Court, in which a fine of £20 was imposed, with £1 costs. This was afterwards reduced to £5, and £1 fees. Printers of labels will in the face of such, be careful in future against infringing the law, which is probably the more stringently enforced in consequence of spurious labels being used to represent as genuine, bottles of liquor which are adulterated with the vilest compounds. A coerespondent writing from Honiton, states that " the crops in that locality are looking promising, and the rains having been very regular, everything externally wears a most pleasurable aspect. A few days ago a shepherd named Grim- mil, in the employ of Mr. G. Hoare, at Moorowie, met with a sad accident. Whilst washing some articles of clothing at his hut, he fell down in a fit, and in his fall overset some boiling water on his face and shoulders, scalding these parts badly. Some blacks opportunely arrived, and assisted the poor fellow to reach Yorketown, where his injuries were attended to. These were, however, such as to require more than ordinary medical treatment, and the sufferer was promptly forwarded to the Adelaide Hospital, where he now lies. A great deal of sickness is prevalent in the Honiton district at present." Kelly, the outlaw, has had a most patient hearing at the Beechworth Police Court, where he was ably defended by Mr. Gaunson. The only charges brought against him were the shooting of Sergeant Kennedy and the police constables at Stringybark Creek. The evidence of witnesses as to his guilt was very conclusive, and he was committed for trial at the Beechworth Circuit Court, which will be held in October next. No outbreak of sympathisers occurred, as had been anticipated, in fact the downfall of the gang seems to have chilled the ardour of those who had elevated Ned Kelly to the rank of a hero. Why a robber and assassin of the worst type should be respited for months, his wants cared for, and be treated with the greatest consideration, we cannot understand, but 'they manage these matters better " in America, where murderers are summarily dealt with by Lynch Law, and the mercy they extend to their victims is in turn meted to them. The Auditor-General has been relegated to an inferior posi tion in the Civil Service, with the option of resigning. The Government have not accepted Mr. Boothby's resignation, and another Inquisitorial Committee, or Board of Enquiry has been appointed to go over similar grounds to that in which a former body similarly constituted failed to achieve success. Let us hope this constant " hounding down " of Mr. Boothby will soon cease ; the deed is characteristic of individuals itching for the vacancy which the Under Secretary will leave, and his £900 a-year salary. Notwith standing the sluis cast on Mr. Boothby's character, or the ungracious remarks of the press, far and near, respecting the Under-Secretary, we only recognise the fact lie has served the colony faithfully, and performed his duty as its represen tative, and in return has received but abuse and contumely. He has paid dear for the honour of representing South Aus tralia, since he is pounds out of pocket by doing so, and likely to lose his retiring allowance in the bargain. New Publication. — It is our intention to issue at an early date a new history of the notorious Kelly gang, with full particulars of the trial of Ned Kelly, and latest informa tion compiled from authentic sources. The book which will comprise 30 pages will also contain the following illustra tions : — Portraits of Dan Kelly, Ned Kelly, Kate Kelly, Byrne, Steve Hart; Supt. Sadlier, Supt. Hare, Supt. O'Connor, Supt. Nicholson, Sergeant Steele, Constable Bracken, Senior-Cousta- . ble Kelly, Guard Dowsett, and Aaron Sherritt, Monument to the Police of Mansfield, capture of Ned Kelly, Kelly in the Hospital of the Melbourne Gaol, scene at the wake, finding Byrne's body, capture of Ned Kelly — an apparition, Jones's Hotel after the fire, birdseye view of Glenrowau, attack on the Glenrowan Hotel, dance at the Glcnrowan Hotel, lines of rails torn up by Kelly at Glenrowan, the shooting of Sherritt, view of the township of Greta, arrival of Ned Kelly in Melbourne, Ned Kelly in armour, Ned Kelly's rifle and revolver, rifle cartridges found upon him, Scaulan's ring, found upon Byrne's hand, the wounded Black Tracker, horses shot in the fray, Ned Kelly's armour, and Police fighting costume. Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society.— The ques tion of Life Assurance is now agitating the public mind more strongly than heretofore, and it is satisfactory to find so many persons interested in providing for the "proverbial rainy day." The Colonial Mutual is one of the oldest and best known of these societies, its ramifications extend over the whole of the colonies, and we are happy to find by a published report just to hand, that it is rapidly progressing. To quote from the report from 1874 to 1879, the policies issued numbered 9,0S5 while nearly 2,000 additional were in progress towards com pletion at the conclusion of the period. Of this number S,S17 were for life and endowment assurance for the sum of £2,359, 31G ; 2(54 for endowment at £41,750. The remaining four poli cies were for annuities of £204 per annum. The 9,085 policies were for £2,411,00(5, The gross liabilities of the 7,202 policies on the book is in valuation £788,835, and the present value of future premiums, with funds in hand amount to £795,079 leaving a surplus of £6,844. The referees recommend the surplus to be held over for five years and then divided with interest among those of the present members found on the books on March 31st 1884, giving the representatives of those who die in the meantime their share of profit. This has been adopted. 