THE discussion in the Assembly on Wednesday, relative to the allowance to the Governcf for gas, water, and care takers for Government House, furnishes, amongst other things, a very striking argument in favour of federation. It is easy to gather from, what was said by the 'various ijignjbers who spoke, that the colony is suffering cgygrely from the extravagance of former years, aij4 that policy which lavished money on Mel bourne without much regard to the general effect upon tjie colony; -We were not only not satisfied without we had a Governor paid a higher salary than any other Governor of any British colony, but it was decided to build hint a house tyhich should make even bis large salary insufficient, and should present a serious obstacle to all our efforts at retrenchment. It is evident that if there was but one Governor for the whole of the colonies, the people could afford not only to pay him a very high salary, but to build him a house which might be equal fg tfiose occupied by royalty itself; but it is a hg evident, that a single colony is not justified in wasting a large proportion of its means upon the machinery, when the end desired can be attained at very much less expense, It is also very undesir able that a Governor should be made dependent for a part of fils ingome- on ;annual' ■ votes: :of : :1 the Parliament, Already we have had some very .undesirshfo;ggeppg fierej and , the .display 'of ’virtue' an fifio' pa s of sundry followers of the Ministry., on Wednesday was not at all calculated to increase our respect for the motives by which .some of our public men are Those persons who could only see jgganness in the eritifismsou the affowapeps gought for and obtoiue.4, i)F Qebrge soyvehj the history of which has' neypr bggl) made public, professed' to be shoaked that the present occupant of'the office should get an allowance for gas and water, although it appears to be admitted that the cost of keeping up Government House and ifcs grounds £s f 9 gfatf as to be a charge which the Governor .cappot j?o fiFßSSfcfi. to bear. It is not dcshabjle Jtp go ipto the details of the gossip of- former fiays Native to these expenses, in the course of vbiffr gpjne very- harsh things have heeu : .evident.that a jAangs -to he W>Aoj. bg ysoh the expense, and all fntgff) fif.oyernprs be relieved •from ' the degradation of ,W annual ■ discussion on a vote for their housekeeping expenses. For, it is quite Impossible that T a''Governor can do his duty without making enemies, and his enemies-are sure ■ to he all the more bitter and ppreasopable jnsj ip prqpor tionjaa he does his duty. Even Sir George Bowep.wfaodid.fiis bfifft to imi tate the unjust *Spw»pi, £^efi : to. con vince ; 4Wi* terestednesSj whilst i- .the on* ja indignant:; at - the remarks otx his saying* apfi /Jojngs, theothereees onlf apite jp;Jhe the Benyites whenlihe usual vote « forth* present Governor. It ia thought, and we do not say.. simply thought, that the hints recently vgiven as to the Marquis of Normanby. conservative side to do with the exhibition of ~ patriotism on the part of Mr WV/M. Clark andothers, and we know enough of “ liberal ”, waystd feel sore that theSreiy things which the “liberals” denounce in others, are pre cisely, those which they will be the first to do themselves, and in the most coarse and brutal manrier too. * There is a prof verb - which - attributes an immense as sumption of virtue to a certain class of women, and it is a fact that the sensi bilities of, no set of politicians are so easily wounded as of those Who may be said to have no sensibilities at all. When we cannot conquer it is always wise to shun j and as it is . quite plain that there ia not the least hope of ever securing such decorum and good man ners in our Assembly as to make, us feel secure that no improper' subjects will be discussed, or proper subjects notbe discussed : in ah' improper way, ,we ought to take care to put such discus sions out of the reach of violent poli ticians, of of: those persons who, having ho opinions of their own, talk most strongly, on the principle of. the hollow laugh that shows the empty head. . Pending federation, of the discussion of i which- most of' our small politicians | seem to be afraid, when we may hope to enter upon a course of real retrenchment in regard to gubernatorial expenses, we cannot do .better than fix a'sum for the Governor’s salary, which cannot be affected by any'popular vote, and about which there can be no discussion. It is proposed to reduce the salary of our future Governors .to £Booo.a year,, but the reduction; will not be of much use unless care is taken to make that sum. cover all .expenses. -At the present time, although we have reduced the nominal salary from£l6,ooo to£lo,ooo a year, there is reason to believe that the original vote is exceeded by the additional expenses for Government Souse,- and that there is no . way in which the expenses can be reduced, so long as the Governors are expected. to keep up that white elephant of Mel bourne ambition. A salary which is higher than that of the Governor of the Dominion of Canada, and of any Governor of any other colony, ought to ensure us equally as good men as the other colonies get, and the salary ought to be inalterable for the term of office, and not subject to increases or reductions for allowances of any kind, or under any pretence. In the United States the necessity of such a provision has been seen by the framers of the constitutions of all the States, and great care has been taken to prevent, the Legis latures being able to influence . the Governors by votes of money of any kind. This wise provision is copied from the Federal Constitution, which enacts that the. president shall re ceive a stated compensation for his ser vices, “ which shall neither be increased nor diminished- during the period for which he shall havebeen elected, and he shall not receive within that period,any emolument from - the United States, or any of them.” This provision, which is common to all the constitutions, effectually prevents such scenes as that of Wednesday evening, and others of a like kind, on which we have had to com ment before, and it is high time that we, here, adopted a similar security against possible influences and almost certain unpleasant -'criticism.. Other colonics get as good Governors as this at a far ■less cost, and whilst nobody would wish to see a Governor underpaid, we must yet keep our expenses within bounds, and frame our expenditure to our means. If it be true that Government House is so expensive as to necessitate the high salary now paid, if it be true, as stated, that no Governor will live there on a less allowance, the best thing that we can do is to let the house be used for some other purpose, and so show that we re pent of our folly". Above all, we should at once relieve the Governor from the chance of a personal discussion on a paltry vote, and prevent even the possible suspicion that he may be led to favour a party in order to get his expenses liberally provided for. If is a most fortunate circumstance for the colony that the Audit Commissioners arc not “ officers” of any of the depart ments presided over by the present Ministry, Were they dependent on the “sweet will” of the Berrys, the Yales, or the Langridges, short work would no doubt be made of them. - On the first show* of “ annoyance” offered to the ruling powers,' they would be Black-Wednes dayed without benefit of clergy. Luckily, however, tjjey ape not removable at the pleasure-of the men who doubtless, for our sins now preside over the destinies of Victoria, and can afford to hold opinions of their own, and, moreover, to give expression to them. Setting down naught in rpalioe, and naught extenuating, the Au<litGommiB3?.9ft E f3offer, in the plain unvarnished Me submitted |tj flieip report laid on the table of thg Assembly on Wednesday evening, incontrovertible evidence of the jobbery and corruption, which are the chief characteristics of the .Berry ‘ They have, it would appear, totally failed in the saving of two millions - which 'Major Smith some time- since informed a ! Fijflijrat: andjep.qe' hed ijsgj} effected by him?g)f ,W 4 fP9 ■ celleagjjep Vfiei) }je submitted his eyep-ipetporqble apocry phal . balance- sheet,, aud, instead of ; {.jje oft-promised surplus*, now show that on the 30th of June, 1880, the cash account of the colony was deficient by £761,557 -Js Bd. This debit balance consisted of £308,4.1.13 fji §d of numye'sted trjjst funds, 'an 1 over draft gt ft bpfljk w ls; and £200,060 due ff oqj ’s,9 fgvgppe account to the railway fund, consti tuting an amount considerably in excess of three-quarters, of a million. The Commissioners do not appear to have remarked pppn what is in reality a 9.* trust &n;& : by the nogleet 9li the of "tjie 'Tfeasufer po invest the money available gjr 4|fe#ei| by law. It is to be hoped, however, that Parliament will require an explana- Mqp of why the’amount was allowed to pe jmanjppiated the Government, Sfid -wjUI- pot kW ft®: J?«»iey ia’-bnrk enquiry a# fy $4 yitfr reference’ , to J ‘i)io , balance of the embassy vqte.' aj-e, i besides this, one or two minor Jobs' tff which the attention of the Legislature is' specially directed by the Com missioners of Audit They have taken exception tq, tff g jjgcqunt of the, Messrs- Bain, and to ‘an aecopnt of £1238 6a fa paid to Mr W.‘ Jof ioojtk if»W atteptrpn to -the, way wbist State iuadywer§:,;}§n^ Ferguson. ' This fortunate individual appears to■. have" received orders for 1 prating froja the Railway Department^ and enquiries tave elicited the foot that “ thi;aame wqrk could have in the;'Qovemmentprinting, superior mwirials'tiiiP' less" thapyhalf'the pri&." ISese little dis closures/show how the “pdfcy of; retrenchment ” is'being carried dtit by® “liberal ' in', hop* ever, only isolated instances of an organised system of barefaced corruption. ‘ This'iaapparentfrbmtKe renTarkplaced ;q'n, the Cpminißsionera calling, attention /‘ to frequent.depatturea.in important cases from the wholesome rale which requires - that tenders shall be publicly invited ,for .alt works the esti mated'cost of which shall exceed £100." The amounts which the Government has been able to devote to “placating” opponents, or subsidising friends,.by the vicious system complained of can, of course,' only be gueased at, but no doubt under a “liberal” Administration forms ; a ;: vety -respectable total ! No single office appears free , from the taint of jobbery. Even in the Education Depart?, ment, presided over by “our own Major,” welearn frbmthereportthat “the appoint ment of teachers is' greatly in excess of the number authorised by the regu lations.” .The opinion . as' to the merits of the present Ministry held'by its opponents is well known, and that of some of its quondam friends and admirers —Mr L., L. Smith,: for 'instance—was freely .expressed - a few evenings • since; But if the; “ blundering and plundering" .which the report.pf the Audit, Commis sioners describes *is permitted to con tinue, its. endurance i.wiil’ reflect but small' credit on even the; “liberal" intelligence, of the electors of Victoria. The motion, of Mr. L, L. Smith' was singularly inopportune in many ways, although he had a good case, .and general sympathy. As. the. French pro verb says, it Is not sufficient to make haste, it is necessary, to. be in time ; and, thus, it is not enough to have a good case, it is necessary to take care that it is well put and in due season. Every body is agreed that Mr Berry's ' own party does not care for him, and it is also evident that he does not care about reform. . He is advised; to sound the war drum again, under penalty of losing the chance of reform for the present generation, but the very terms of the warning are sufficient to show that the gibbering, ghost has been effectually laid. Mr Berry may call the spirits, but they will decline to come. He may go. through his old incantations, light up the red-fire and beat the gong, but there Is no one to respond and nobody will be in the least afraid. So far, We .may set aside'all the proposals for a new crusade as simply absurd, and made in utter ignorance of the change that has been wrought by the exposures of the ignorance and folly of the “liberal" party, ! which have silently told, until the party is no longer what it was, and never can be a real, ' live party again. The name survives, and that is ' all, and this was quite evident by the voting in the want of confidence motion, and the criticisms on it . outside the Assembly.' It was generally agreed that Mr Smith had a good case. No one ventured to dispute his charges against the Chief Secretary, but there were matters about which the members cared a great deal more than about reform, and they preferred to secure their, local wants rather than bring about a crisis out of which they could not hope to/reap any special advantage. The railway lines could not be sacrificed to punish any Minister, and thus many chose to overlook his offences to serve their constituents. Who was likely to throw away a railway to bring about a reform, question 1 The very idea is so absurd in the actual state of this question as to raise a laugh at the mere mention of it, and Mr Smith ought to have been able to see this before setting out on his quite justified attack. Besides,' members want their holidays, their other little votes for their constituencies, and do not wish to kick up a row at so inconvenient a time. It thus came about that the true feeling of Mr Berry’s former supporters was not made manifest, and they were quite content to let the reform business severely alone. The vote was but an affirmation that there is no desire to move at the present time, and Mr Smith ought to have known that he was not likely to be able to make members sacrifice their local games for the mere chance of telling the world officially what everybody the reform business is played out. ’ ' 