0DD8 AND ENDS. By Urban.) Perth, Sep. 22. The arbitrators, in the case of Palmer ver sus the Government, seem to have some fun now and then. The sitting on tlie 14th was enlivened by the eccentric proceedings of the Attorney General, who, dissatisfied with the remarks of Mr. Burt, and wishing to smooth matters, threw, not oil, but on the troubled scene. Burt, inkontinently, asked him to " come outside Howell sniffed, and looked inkwisitive; Victor inkwired if Mr. L. was desirous of calci- tration being applied to the least honorable portion of his osseous development, and altogether the scene was worthy of tlie American -Congress, or the Victorian As- fembly in its roughest aspect. I hear that the amount in dispute was under £10, and the sitting would cost more tliau that. Here is Silvester's latest pun on the above occurrence — " To Inkerman is no Crimea." For the benefit of those whom the hot wea ther may preclude from attempting to see " where the laugh comes in," I may say that Silvester is said to mean — "To ink a man is no crime here." And so it seems, for an apology was offered aud accepted. Mr. A. D. Letch re-delivered his lecture oh " Success" last week, in the Congrega tional School Room. He being a bright example of tlie principles laid down iii his address, was listened to with marked at tention. The usual weekly dance in the Town Hall, in aid of the M.R.V. Fund, on Wed nesday evening, was well attended. These social reunions increase in favour with the young folks. The Volunteers are practising for their match against the South Australians next month, and some good scores are being made. Seventy points were made by Mr. Snook on Monday. We hear your men are also showing up wen. The impression here is that you will run Perth pretty close ; and in Cowan brothers, Gregg, Jose, Crow- ther, and a few others, you have marksmen whom it will he hard to beat. Air. W. Bell, on the occasion -of his leav ing Bunbury for Perth, has been presented to his scholars with an address, and a very handsome revolving cruet stand, with din ner bell combined. This must be very pleasing to him, and a mark of his success at Bunbury, The " Ghost," after numerons disappoint ments, appeared on Alonday evening last. Owing to tlie breaking of a reflector, said to have cost £50, and a few liitches inse parable from a first performance, it was not the success Griffiths deserved for his enterprise and energy. Miss Eldred fair ly. brought down the house in her songs, which were rapturously encored. The rapt attention pais! her, and the numerous bou quets thrown, afforded her another proof of our appreciation of really good singing. Her rendering of " Comin1 thro' the Rye" was a treat indeed. The Working Alen's Association propose to bold a -masque ball in .about a fortnight. They have imported a lot of masks for the occasion. It is to be hoped that the build ing fond will be largely benefited thereby. The Volunteers are to celebrate their an niversary next month, and tlie occasion will be enlivened by a ball, so tliat tlie lovers of tlie mazy dance' have a treat in store. pj,hi fi m oq »-.f- — I saw some of tlie finest lemons ever grown in tlie colony at Mr. Fred Back- shalls' garden thiq week. Twenty of them were measured, and each was 14 inches in circumference. Twelve were put in the scale, and turned it at 211b, an average of lflb each. These fine lemons are being taken to Adelaide and Ale! bourne by Mr. G. W. Randell, to show, the folks at the other side that West Australia is hot all sand, as they sometimes fancy. He lias also taken a tine sample of loquats from tlie same garden. The Good Templars are to have a ten ia reting on Friday next iu St. George's Hall. . The Working Alen's Institute building is making good progres under Mr. Gray the contractor. f Mr. Francis Hart, recently third master in tlie Perth High School, has been appoin- ! ted teacher of the Government Boys' School i at Bunbury, in the place of Mr. G. W. i Bell, who takes the Perth Government School. Alessrs. Wilkinson and Gourthope have amalgainat-rd their businesses and entered into partnership. We trust the change will be for the benefit of both. There are but six cases for the Supreme Court criminal sessions this week, none of them being of a veiy serious character. This speaks well for the southern portion of tlie colony. But you are still better off in your district, as it appears there were no cases at all for your last sessions. The award of the arbitrators in Palmer's case will, it is expected, be given this week. The arguments of counsel, on both sides, were concluded last Friday. I The Presbyterians intend to celebrate t the anniversary of their settlement in the : colony iiy a public meeting on tlie 13th iii8t. 