THE RAILWAYS TO GLENELG. The history of joint-stock enterprise in South Australia has a tendency, like history in general, to repeat itself. In the matter of public Companies, while we can point here and there to a marked success, we can also, like Beau Brummell's valet, point to a whole basketful of failures. With few exceptions the natural history of each of the public Companies bears in the salient features a striking family likeness to that of all the others. First it is discovered that there is a great public want to be supplied, and forthwith an effort is made to supply it. A Company Is formed for the purpose, a glowing prospectus is issued, and for a time the success transcends all expectation. So marked is it, indeed, that after a brief space there are rumours of a rival organization. It is discovered that the original Company is the possessor of a huge monopoly and that, like all monopolists, it is apt to be selfish. It is more given to consulting its own interests than the interests and the convenience of the public by whom it is supported. It is urged that a wholesome rivalry will speedily break up this monopoly; that the success has been so great and so decided that there is abundant room for another Company, which in due course is started with a great flourishof trumpets. The popular impression seems to be that as horses and human beings travel best in company, BO two organizations having substantially the same object in view are likely, both of them, to do the work better than it would be done by either being left in sole possession of the field. For a brief space the opposition does good, and the public are benelited. They have two strings to their bow, and they are no longer the victims of an unwholesome monopoly. The next stage speedily follows. An amalgamation ia mooted, and the last state of the long-suffering public is worse than the first, for not only are they in the hands of monopolists, but of monopolists whose position is strengthened by the fact that opposition has been proved to be unworkable. We need not call up the ghosts of the past for illustrations of the truth of these remarks, but we will confine our attention to the proposed amalgamation of the Glenelg and Holdfast Bay Railway Companies. The former Association, •which once paid. such, large dividends, has of late been carrying on operations at a loss. We have not the means of knowing what the actual position of the Holdfast Bay Company is, but we believe we are right in saying that the line has been a costly one, and that its earnings will have to be large to allow of its paying even moderate dividends. What is the prospect of its giving a satisfactory return to the shareholders we cannot say, but it is difficult to see how it can in this respect be in a much better position than its rival. Indeed, there is too much reason to believe that the view of those who opposed the construction of the second line will be verified, namely, that neither Company will be able to carry on at a reasonable profit. It is certain that if the traffic upon one railway conducted upon the most economical principles was only sufficient to pay, all things considered, a fair dividend upon the capital invested, the same or even a slightly enlarged traffic carried on at reduced rates upon two lines cannot yield a fair dividend to both. It may be that a time will come when the number of passengers travelling to Glenelg will be ample to give profitable employ ment to two or even three railways, but it is evident that that time ia not yet. Why a second line should have been thus prematurely constructed it is not necessary for us to consider, but in the interests alike of the shareholders and of the public it is greatly to be regretted that this course should have been followed. We venture to say that by far the wiser plan under the circumstances would have been for investors in Glenelg Bailway shares and the travelling public generally to have concentrated their efforts in making the one line subserve the convenience and comfort of passengers to and from Holdfast Bay. We should not have felt called upon to discuss this matter at all were it not that the direct interest of the general public in it is now beginning to be manifested. So far as the shareholders are concerned they may be left to fight their own battles, and to make the best they can of the position in which they find themselves. But from the amalgamation that is being talked of, and that will no doubt eventually be brought about, the public can look for no benefit. So long as the two Companies choose to carry on their operations at little or no profit to themselves passengers get the benefit of the competition. But once let the amalgamation take place, and not only does this advantage to them vanish, but they may expect to be reduced to a worse position, at all events so far as regards fares, than they occupied when there was but one railway. It true there will not be, as a present, two separate staffs to maintain, but the two lines will have to be kept up, and dividends will have to be obtained for the shareholders of both Companies. This will entail the raising of at least double the come which was sufficient to return a good profit to the proprietors of the first line, and after making allowances for increased traffic it is difficult to see how this can be ensured without raising the rates above even the old tariff. And this brings us to the Doint that in the interests of the public Parliament In authorizing and giving facilities for the carrying out of private undertakings are in duty bound to look not merely at the proximate but also at the more remote results of their action. The chief plea for passing the Act sanctioning the Holdfast Bay Bailway and giving the new Company running powers over the Government lines and the right to use a Government station was that the public must reap the advantage of the competition, however much the shareholders might suffer. This plea seems likely to fail, and it is to be hoped that the experience gained will prove a warning to the Legislature for the future. So far as we can see, the only sure way of protecting the public will be for the Government to buy up the lines at a reasonable valuation. Being in a position to borrow money at a trifle over 4 per cent., they can rest satisfied with a smaller return than it would be necessary for the Companies to extract from their passengers. A further advantage connected with a purchase of the lines by the State would be that the removal of the unsightly railway buildings which now disfigure the South Park Lands would be simplified—a point of no small importance. Finally, it appears to us that the lesson to be drawn from what is happening in relation to the Glenelg lines is that it is wise for the Government as far as possible to keep the construction of railways in their own hands. Certain it is that private enterprise has not accomplished what was expected _ and hoped in the matter of providing railway accommodation for Holdfast Bay. The management of the original line gave rise to persistent and well-founded complaints, and the prospect of an amalgamation between the two lines is very far from reassuring to the public. 