LONDON GOSSIP. — ? London, May 7. THB MHW QOVBBMSIHSr. Mr. Gladstone has now formed the strongest Uovernment which England has teen since the early days of Lord Aberdeen's Coalition Ministrv. With two or three exceptions he has included in the new Ministry all the ablest members of the Liberal party in both Hooses of Parliament, and the omissions which he has made have been forced upon him by the incon venient circumstance that there are more candi dates for office than there are offices to fill. Some complaints, of coarse, have been made, bat I imagine that a Government bas never been found in which the round men found their way to a greater extent into the round holes. Although most of the leading Radicals axe now members of the Government, there will still be an ad vanced Liberal party in the House of Commons, and I imagine that the leaders of that party will be Mr. Baxter, Mr. Stansfeld, Sir Wilfrid Law son, Mr. Trevelyan, Mr. Kylanda, and Mr. Courtney. That the Ministry should have been completely constituted without all, or at least some, of these men being in it only shows how rich the Liberals are in men of political ability. WHI THB QUESTS SEHT FOB 1OBD HARTTSOTOW. We shall perhaps never know why the Queen sent for Lord Hartington. The Tories say it was the right thing for Her Majesty to do, because the general election was a House of Commons affair, and therefore the only states man to whom the Queen could entrust the formation of the new Ministry was the leader of the Opposition in that House. Many people, however, shrewdly suspect that Lord Beacons field advised his royal mistress to send for Lord Hartington in the hope of exciting his ambi tion, and thus provoking a misunderstanding between him and Lord Granville and Mr. Glad atone. If there is any truth in this theory, the ex- Prime Minister reckoned without his host. Lord Hartington is so disinterested a man that when the leadership of the House of Commons was vacant, and the choice of a successor to Mr. Gladstone notoriously lay between him and Mr. Forster, he and his family gave all their influence in support of the claims of his rival to lead the party. Lord Hartington not only refused to be promoted above ' the heads of his two eminant colleagues, but frankly told Her Majesty that both he and Lord Granville were agreed that Mr. Gladstone was the only Liberal statesman who could form an Administration. This view was emphatically endorsed by Lord Granville at Windsor Castle on the following day. I am betraying no secrets when I *ay that it was with great reluctance that the Queen sent for her old Minister ; but, whatever her personal prepossessions may have been, she was not in the least likely to forget her duty as a Constitutional Sovereign. Acting upon the advice of Lords Hartington and Granville, she summoned Mr. Gladstone to Windsor, and on his arrival at the Castle she received him with unaffected kindness and cordiality. In an instant the clouds which had been gathering for six years were cleared away, and the friendly relations which formerly existed between Her Majesty and the veteran statesman were restored, I hope never again to be broken. Those relations were strengthened by a visit which on the following day the Prince of Wales paid to Mr. Gladstone in Harley street, where, with that good tact which characterizes him, he showed a really critical appreciation of the works of art with which Mr. Gladstone delights to adorn his dwelling. THE SEW trSDHS-SECBBTAUT TOR FORBIDS ATFAIRS. Z do not propose to giro a narrative of the formation of the new Ministry, bat I should like to mention a few facts which throw light upon that interesting subject. Perhaps there was no single thing connected with Mr. Glad* stone's task which excited more general curio sity than the question of the place he would offer to Sir Charles Dilke. The world has not forgotten the speech which, many years ago, Sir Charles delivered on the Queen's Civil List, bat the world also knows that the member for Chelsea has thoroughly qualified himself for the higher walks of statesmanship, and that no Liberal Government of which he was not an influential member could be regarded as com plete. Mr. Gladstone invited him So accept the office of Under-Secretary for Foreign Ailairs. His friends and the Liberal party gene rally naturally urged that he was en titled to a seat in the Cabinet; and there is not the least doubt that if he had chosen to assert his claims to high office he must at once have been raised to the rank of a Cabinet Minister. Sir Charles, how ever, had other views and intentions. He made op his mind that he would not take office at all nnless the Advanced Liberal party, of which he is the most notable member, was represented in the Cabinet ; bnt, with the generosity which lean aver u eminently characteristic of him, he deter mined that his friend Mr. Chamberlain— and not himself— should be admitted to the inner circle of the Administration. After a delay of twenty four boars he gained his point, and Mr. Cham berlain was appointed to the Presidency of the Board of Trade, with a seat in the Cabinet. Seldom in political history has there ever been such an act of self-abnegation. I know it is said that Her Majesty entertained a rooted objection to the admission of Sir Charles Dilke into the Cabinet— at least for the present— and that the knowledge of this fact influenced him in deciding to accept the lesser office. Ihis, however, is an entire mistake ; for I believe it is absolutely certain that the Queen has declared that she would have preferred to see Sir 0. Dilke in the Cabinet instead of Mr. Chamber lain. This expresses the general feeling of the public ; bat Sir C. Dilke is eminently a man yho can afford to wait, while at the same time it should be remembered that, even if he had gone into the Cabinet, it is not likely that he would have been called upon to fill any office half so important as that of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. THB MBW P0STMA9THR-QBSRRA.L. Mr. Fawcett's elevation to the Postmaster Generalship is another appointment which has given universal satisfaction. The marvellous manner in which he has triumphed over an infirmity which would have paralysed the energies and blasted the existence of most men has always secured for him a large measure of public sympathy. Tnere was much speculation as to whether Mr. Gladstone would iuvite him to enter the Government at all. I have reason to believe that if he had enjoyed the blessing of sight Mr. Gladstone would at once hive offered him & seat in the Cabinet. He hesi tated to do so, not from any lack of faith in Sir. Fawcett's power to rise superior to physical debility, bat because of the absolutely confi dential nttore of many of the communications which are regularly forwarded from the various departments to the various members of the Cabi net It was, of course, possible that this difficulty might be overcome; bat Mr. Gladstone thought it desirable that Mr. Fawcett should, in the first instance, preside over a department in which there are few State secrets to be concealed. Singular as it may seem, I believe it is neverthe less a fact that there is no office in the Govern ment in which the faculty of sight is less neces sary than in that of Postmaster- General. Another circumstance connected with Mr. Fawcett also deserves to be mentioned. It has rarely happened in the political history of Eng land that two representatives of the same con stituency have been in the Government at the same time. 'Set this is what has taken place in Hackney, where Mr.Fawcetr has for his colleague Sir. John Holms, who has just been appointed &Lord; of the Treasury, with an intimation that lie will be entrusted with important financial ' work under the direct personal supervision of the Prime Minister. It a month ago anybody bad predicted that at the beginning of the m*nth of May Mr. Fawcett and Hr. John Holms would bo'h have been members of a Liberal Government, tbe proph*t would have assuredly been well laughed at for hb pains. ' lord iottb.' The elevation of Mr. Lowe to the House of Lords, although it fittingly crowns his erratic career, is really a somewhat diverting incident. There was co place in the Cabinet for Mr. Lowe. His escapades greatly assisted to promote the downfall of the Gladstone Cabinet in 1374, and although he has shown rawvelloas readiness to change his front on tbe county franchise qnefliw. it was impossible to entrust him Witt tLi control of Vgreat department of State. . Mereoitr, Mr. Lowe is not so yonog as he was. ''In tnelToute of Commons he h*a shown various ?*Jgf»of'faPfrgpoweT», srd on ace inemorabJe occasion he broke down in the middle of a speech, and was compelled abruptly to lesve tbe Chamber which had witnessed so many of his oratorical successes. As the House of Lords is an asylum for broken -down or used -up politicians, it was only to be expected that Mr. Gladstone would offer his old colleague a peer age. Mr. Lowe has no children, and couse quently no question arises as to whether he has a fortune large enough to support a title. Wnen. he was told that a peerage would be conferred upon him he was addressed as ' Lord Lowa.' ' Surely,' he exclaimed somewhit excitedly, ' I am not bound to cill myself by that name.' Although it is said he is about to be trans formed into Viscount Sherbrook, depend upon it that it is as ' Bob Lowe' that he will be known to posterity. MB. FOBSTEB AND THB COtOXIES. Mr. W. E. Forster was most anxiaas to be come Secretary for the Colonies. I do not know of any other public man who had so carefully prepared himself for that responsible office. When a young man he wrote in the EJMurah Revian laborious but able articles on colonial questions. The first Government office he ever filled was that of Colonial Under-Secretary, and while employed in that capacity he distin guished himself by his untiring assiduity in mastering the business of his department. While in the cold shade of Opposition he delivered more than one speech which ex cited world-wide attention by its states manlike breadth of sympathy and grasp of facts. For my part, I confess that I was one of those who regarded his accession to the Colonial Secretaryship as a foregone conclusion. Mr.Glad stone, however, thought otherwise. When the new Ministry was still inmibi';i.- it was inti mated to Mr. Forster that Lord Kimberley would return to the Colonial Office, and that he would be asked to serve as Chief Secretary for Ireland. This arrangement is a disappointment to Mr. Forster, and I am sure it will excite general regret in the colonies, where his rough but manly and straightforward character hag always been appreciated. A DISAPPOINTED STATESMAN. I will now mention the moat painful incident in connection with recent political changes. Some time ago Lord Cardwell hid a cerebral attack, which compelled him to retire to Cannes. His affliction excited great sympathy, because he is the most genial and kind-hearted of men. He is a man of staid— not to say solemn appearance, but this only makes his great natural fund of humour the more irresistible. He does not study his jokea like Bernal Osborne or Sir Wilfrid Lawson. They are perfectly spontaneous, and uttered with as mnch gravity as to be it resistible in provokinz laughter. The reader, therefore, will understand why his illness should have called forth aiore than conventional expressions of regret. At the same time, it was manifestly impossible that he could become one of Her Majesty's present advisers. Lord Cardwell, however, it appears, does not take this view of the matter, and is, indeed, greatly hurt that Mr. Gladstone should have passed him over in favour of a younger man. How strong must be the love of office when even the shadow of a great physical calamity is unable to weaken the strength of a man's ambition ! THB HEW FBHKI8B IS DOWMMG-STRHET. Mr. Gladstone is about to transfer himself ana family from Harley-street — that moat monotonous and pnlively of fashionable thoroughfares— to his official residences in Downing- street. I use the word 'residences' beconse, as he is Chancellor of the Exchequer as well as Prime Minister, he is entitled to two houses. Fortunately these two houses are next door to one another, and thus a means of communication between them can readily be established. Their exterior is the reverse of imposing, so much so that it is difficult to make country cousins believe that Downing-street contains the official residences of some of the greatest personages in the realm. But the interior ef the dwellings allotted to the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer quickly dis arms criticism. A good deal of the public money was spent in making Sir Stafford Northcote comfortable; bat I am assured that the expendi ture lavished on the decoration of Lord Beacons field's abode was so great that the clerk at the Board of Works whose duty it was to audit ths accounts refused to pass them, and this necessary formality had to be performed by a more highly placed person. Tbe truth is that Lord Beaconsfield delights in splendour. In this he presents a singular contrast to the new Prime Minister, whose tastes are simple and domestic, and who has shown his own disregard for scars and titles by remaining without a single decora tion. THE DAHITES. This is the title of a sensational play by Joaquin Miller, which, after running a highly successful career extending over three years in various cities of the United States, has been imported here bodily — that is to say, in all the strength of the original company of American actors who secured its triumph. Mrs. Biteman has placed it on the stage of the new Sadler's Wells Theatre with every scenic advantage necessary to do it justice. Much of the incident and dialogue of this curious piece, which is drawing large and enthusiastic houses, is unmistakably founded upon Bret Harte's alternately humorous and pathetic pictures of life among the miners of California, and indeed many passages are merely repetitions in the months of new personages of the sayings of which every reder of that writer's brilliant and original sketches has long been familiar. In particular, a scene in which the whole population of ' The Forks' is supposed to pay a visit of curiosity and congra tulation to a hut wherein a baby has been born, is manifestly suggested by— though far inferior to— the wonderful story called '? Tne Luck of Soaring Camp. It is a pity that the author of ' The Danites,' while avowedly drawing upon Mr. Bret Harte's stores for his scenes and chief characters, did not imitate tha; consummate artist's reticence and brevity in the portrayal of emotional feeling. Had he done so, much bigh-falutin rodomontade of the conventional melodramatic type coald have been ruthlessly cat out ; and though the ill-starred heroiue, Nancy Williams {alias Billy Piper), would have had fewer lines to speak, the result would have been a drama of a far more unique kind, appeal ing to a more educated class of playgoers, with out beiDg lees acceptable to the denizens of Clerkenwell and Islington. A M0BK0M FLOT. But while the general features of the piece are derived from Bret Harte, the plot is sug gested by one of the mo£t odious traditions of Mormonism, that associated with tbe Danitta or Destroying Angels, who in this particular instance are supposed to devote themselves to the utter extermination of an entire family named William*, whose father was suspected of complicity in the murder of Joseph Smith. Nancy Williams, a very yean£ girl, is the last one left of the doomed family, and being tracked from place to place by two human bloodhounds she seeks asylum and effacement in male disguise amoeg the miners of the Sierras, where she cherishes an unhappy attachment for Sandy McGee, the ignorant bat trae-heirted hero who has once saved her life, bat does not recognise her in the roagh rags of a boy gold-digger ; and where in the sequelshe falls into great tribulation and unmerited obloquy on account of her inti macy with Huldah Brown, the one respectable woman in the camp, who, being married to Sandy, admits her to a familiar and affectionate intercourse, which is misconstrued by the citizens of The Forks. These trials of the heart and circumstance give occasion for many impas sioned and stilted harangues, which, however well delivered by Mrs. Mackee Rankin, the American actress, who is the coadjutor of her very talented husband, Mr. Mackee Kankin, in the leading roles, mar the homogeneous charac ter of the drama. Nevertheless, they are well received, and even many tears are shed ; and when th« two Danites are eventually strung up by order of Jndge Lynch, and Nancy, once more clothed in womanly fashion, learns that an elder brother has escaped the massacre of his race to enjoy a prosperous life in Chicago, the simple-minded spectators dry their tears and go away rejoicing. THB ' CA3TLB SP1CTRH.' The lessee of tbe Gaiety Theatre is now giving a series of afternoon performances pro fessedly designed to show, not how good, but how foolish acd bad were the pieces to whhh eur fathers and mothers, at the beginning of the century, were wont to listen. L-ist Wednesday Matthew Lewis's ' OastlaSDectre' was doomed to stand the fire of a critical audience. The author owed such reputation as he enjoys chiefly to his fortune and good nature, which enabled him to keep what company he chose. His most notorious production, written when he was only twenty jears of age, has long been banished from decent book-shelves. The 'Castle Spectre,' which was written when ' Monk Lewis' was only two-and-twenty, enjoyed a good deal of popularity in its day, but only such popularity as is accorded in these time« to 'sensational dramas' of even less merit, for it would be most nnjmt to suppose tint it w&s; ever regarded *a a bona-fide contribution to English literature. The story is of the wildest. There is a villanoas Earl Osmond, who bas seized the family dorsain after murdering bis elder brother and sister-in-law, and only letting their infant daughter escape by 'the skin of her teeth.' Bat the elder brother was not quite killed. His life was preserved by Osmond's confidential follower Kenric, who Jcbaiued him to a stone in an underground dun rfeeori, and there kept him for sixteen yeirs with a view to turning his existence into a weapon of self-interest against Osmond, should the neces sity arise. In the meantime, tbe murdered Lviy Evrlina's ghost haunts the castle, singing tbe lullaby with which she was wont to hush her cbild to aletp, and frightening the dependents of the place, bnt without accomplishing any tbir(f in particular, until Osmond h2S seized upon his niece, the Lady Angela, now grown to woman's estate, aod confined her in a dismal chamber, from whence he swears that she shall not emtrte except to marrj him, and therebv crtfirt:: fcVtiMe to'tbe vrtrc-fj 'tvjen * g\ Question, Then, at the witching hoar of mid night, the castle spectre relieves the yoang lady's lonely confinement by issuing from a pair of folding doors clad in the most accepted ghostly style of pure white drapery, and, having by graceful gesticulatiobs made Angela understand that it is indeed her mother's spirit enme to visit her, glides back into the recess, and leaves her upon the ground in a fainting fit. When the curtain droppad on this act the ironical cheers from the floor of the house reached their climax, and not only Miss Louise Willea, who played the Lady Angela, but the ' ghost' was summoned bask to the stage. Tbe last act takes place in the dungeon of the captive brother Reginald, whose daughter, guided through subterranean passages by a friendly friar, who wishes to secare her escape, comes accidentally upon his solitude. Then an identification and alfectionate riunion take place, which doubtless drew tears from the spectators of a bygone day, but which evoked derisive laughter from the occupants of th« Gaiety stalls— so much the worse for them. The event portrayed was not laughable, how ever stilted the language oE it or silly the inci dents which preceded it. In the end a rescue is effected by Angela's true lover Karl Percy, the wicked Osmond is slain, and the ghost ap pears for the last time, standing in an attitude of benediction over her united husband and child. I confess that my feeling is against thus bringing forward forgotten works to langh at them in public THE BOTAL ACADMT OF ARTS. By far the most important artistic event of the month is the opening of the Royal Academy Exhibition. Opinion among connoisseurs is not more unanimous than usual upon its merits as a whole, but every one is agreed that it contains a remarkable somber of really fine portraits, and that the finest among these are by Mr. Millais, whose magnificent *' Gladstone' was one of the star pictures of iast year's collection. This season Mr. Millais exhibit] a companion portrait oi John Bright, which some judges pronounce even superior in point of workmaujhip and high finish, the truth being, I suspect, that ' each seems best when the other is not by.' The piece is a perfect companion to that of the Premier in style, being a hilf-length taken in plain mornicg dress, and the painter nas caught the expression of Mr. Bright's face in its most genial and attractive aspect. There is an indescribable sweetness about the month and eye. Yet power is in every line, and, as in the case of the Gladstone portrait, no attemot his been made to make the veteran one day younger than he is. The same artist contributes a superb likenew of Lather HolJeu (President of the Royal College of Surgeons, and Senior Surgeon of St Bartholomew's Hospital), which has been subscribed for as a family gift by pupils and friends. Then there are beautiful — though somewhat flattered — portraits of Canon Liddon and tbe Archbishop of Canterbury, by Mr. G. Richmond, R.A., besides many others of ladies and gentlemen, whose names would awaken no response away from the metropolis in which they live and shine. HISTORICAL PICTITREa. The historical piece for which the largest amount of popularity has been predicted is Mr. Orchardson's ' On Board H.M.S. Bellerophon,' which represents the first Napoleon standing with folded arms, intently gazing upon the reced ing shores of France. The entire construction and work of this picture are extremely fine. The defeated Emperor stands by himself in the stern of the vessel, all the officers and gentlemen in attendance having drawn off to leave him undisturbed ia his meditation, and there is nothing to distract the attention from the one proud melancholy figure looking for the last time towards the land of so much glory and humilia tion. This work has been purchased by the President and Council, and will find its way to the South Kensington Museum. By far the most conspicuous picture in tbe Exhibition ia the mighty canvas representing ' The Imperial Assemblage,' held at Delhi by the Viceroy, Lord LyttOD, which Mr. V. 0. Prinsep was com missioned to paint as a present from the people of India to the Queen in commemoration of Her Majesty's I assumption of the title of Empress of Indijt. This enormous work, taking up an entire side of one gallery, and which with its massive frame is seen I know not how maty rooms off , represents LordLyttoa and his staff, seen in the midat of a seemingly innumerable conclave of Oriental dignitaries arranged in a semi-circle or horseshoe row as far back as the eye can reach. It is-'certainly a monument of in las try, and presents a gorgeous glitter of well-ci introsted colour in which some tastes will delight, but beyond this possesses little interest, there being no central figure or group of prominent attraction to arrest and concentrate attention. Where Her Majesty will put so stupendous a gift remains to be seen. Not only its size but its glare will require a spot specially arranged for its reception. A certain source of interest to younger visitors will be Mr. Andrew C. (Jew's finely executed and touching historical piece representing the dying Edward VI., shown at a window at Green wich to the people, who had begun to imagine him already dead, and some of whom when his wan, wasted faoe did appear, believed that it was his corpse held np to view. The poor boy looks as if the world was indeed ended for htm ; aijd while his Ministers support bis helpless figure, one thin white hand, hanging listlessly down, is licked by a fine powerful greyhound. THH GROSYffitOB OAIXKBT is rather deficient in interest this season. Mr. Whistler has sent nothing, and Mr. Borne Jones only one piece, which, to be sore, is the reverse of commonplace, whatever may be thonght of its merits or defects. Mr. Borne Jones calls his picture, painted on a tall narrow canvas like one division of a large charch window, 'The Golden Stairs,' but why so called no one knows any more than what is the raison -Tetre, if any, of the piece. There is a long spiral staircase, not golden, bat wooden, down which an innumerable train of white robed, bare- footed maidens are walking. Som» are performing on medieval-locking musical instruments, and some are open-mouthed, as if singing to the accompaniment of tbe rest. No art criticism has as yet thrown any light on the purpose of this strange composition, which is not without much vague, pallid beauty of its own. Mr. Watts has sent two life-sized nude female figures, labelled respectively Daphne and Psyche, The first represents a full-blown beauty, and the iast a pale ethereal-looking creature, gazing mourn fully at a broken lamp at her feet. Mr. Walter Crane, whose illustrations have a world-wide reputation as having turned collections of baby sangs into drawing-room delights for growo-np people, has several very pretty sketches of buildings and landscape bits— English and foreign; and one larger picture called Truth and the Travellei.' A pilgrim, with cloak and staff, has travelled far and wide in search of Truth, and finds her at last sitting by a wayside well. Although the landscape part of the work is very fine, in that quaint, middle- age style to which Mr. Walter Crane's admirers are well used, the figure of Truth is suggestive of some unfortunate female escaped trom an asylum, and meditating a plunge into tbe water.' LITBRAKT GOSSIP. The literary event of the month is the con version of the Pall Mall Gazette, hitherto the organ of Turkopbilism, into an independent Liberal journal. Mr. George Smith, tha late proprietor, has transferred the property to Mr. Yates Thompson, a well known and wealthy Lancashire liberal, who is about to marry Miss Smith. It is said that Mr. Arthur Arnold will be the new editor of the Pall Hall. Mr. James Greenwood, the late editor, is about to start a new tvening paper, tbe chief proprietor of which will be that intensely pro-Turkish politician. Lord Stratheden, and Campbell. A literary marriage of great. interest took place yesterday. GeorgeBliot, the author of 'Middlemarch' and ' Adan Bede,' married Mr. Cross, a merchant in the City. Mr. Cross is twenty years younger than his bride. { 