A NEW YEAR EYE'S ADVENTURES.* ? Philip glanced at the paper and read some' thing about five thousand florins. As he put; the document into bis pocket he thought it was a pity that he was not a Prince. At this moment some one whispered in his ear, " Your Royal Highness, we are both betrayed ; I shall shoot myself." Philip turned round in astonishment and beheld a negro. " What is your pleasure, mask?" asked Philip quite coolly. "I am Colonel Kalt," answered the negro, still whispering. " That infernal woman, the Marshal's wife, has gone to the Duke and has let oat everything, and he is breathiDg fire and flames against both you and me." " Well, I am indifferent," rejoined Philip. " But the Kin<_ will learn all," sighed the negto anxiously, 'and perhaps to-night I shall be placed under arrest and to-morrow packed off to a fortress; I would sooner hang myself." " I don't see much good in that," said Philip. " Am I to be exposed to everlasting disgrace P I am a lost man. The Duke intends to demand bloody satisfaction. Why, his back most still be black and blue from the thrashing I gave him. Oh! I am lost, and the baker's girl as well. I shall jump off the bridge snd diown myself this very uight." "Heaven forbid!" interrupted Philip. " What will you or the baker's girl be the better of that?" "Your Royal Highness is pleased to jest, whilst I am on the brink of despair. May I respectfully beg that yon will spare me a few minutes with you alone Philip followed the negro into a retired apartment, dimly lighted by a few wax candles. The negro, as if he had been stricken down, flang himself upon a sofa and sighed aloud. Philip saw refreshments upon a table and some excellent wine, which he proceeded to dispose of. "I really cannot'understand how your Boyal Highness can keep so calm about this cursed bDBinesB," said the negro. " If that scoundrel, the Neapolitan Salmoni, who played the conjuror, were only here; that fello w is crammed fall of schemes from head to foot. Perhaps his cunning might save as, but he has cleared out." " All the tatter," rejoined Philip. " Throw the blame upon him ; he is gone." " How are we to throw it. upon him, when the Duke knows that yoa, I,'the Marshal's wife, and the baker's girl were all of as mixed up in the plot to profit by his credulity ? He knows that you bribed Salmoni to play the conjuror's part, and that I persuaded the baker's girl, whom he has fallen in love with, to draw him into the snare. He knows also that I was the ghost that cast him to the earth and beat him black and blae. I wish we had not carried tbe joke quite so far as that; but I wanted to knock some of the love that he professed for my girl out of him. It is a cursed business; I shall poison myself." " Take a glass of wine instead; it is excellent," suggested Philip, as with fresh appetite he helped himself to another tart. "I tell you what," added he, "I mast confess, my dear Colonel, that as a Oolonel you appear to me very chicken - hearted, if you are ready to shoot, drown, poison and hang yourself on account of a ridiculous affair like that. One of them ought to be enoogh for you. Besides, allow me to observe that up to this moment I do not quite understand what yoa have been chattering about." I implere your pardon, your £oyal Highness; I do not really know what has become of my head. The Duke's Equerry, who is a friend of mine, just now informed me privately that the wife of the Marshal, as if possessed by the devil, went a little while ago to the Duke and told him this:—She said, 'Prince Julian planned the trick played upon yoa in the bouse of the baker, because he did not wish you to marry his sister. X was the witch yea saw, and I was there on behalf of the Princess, to be a witness to your superstition and credulity. Prince Julian is in possession of the list of your debts which yoa cast into the pit out of which yoa were to exhume the treasure, and also of your undertaking to tUB baker's girl—to take her as your mistress after your marriage with the Princess, and to obtain a patent of nobility for her.' She said, farther, 'The ghost who pummelled you was Colonel Halt, tbe companion of the Prince. That was the reason why the marriage was broken off. It is of no use your entertaining any farther hopes in the matter; yoa will wait in vain.' This is what the Marshal's wife said to him, and then disappeared." Philip shook his head thoughtfully, and muttered, "These are pretty stories indeed. The lowest of the common rabble woald be ashamed of such things. What devilry without end!" " No," rejoined the Colonel; " a more insane, a more rascally meanness coaid not hare been committed than that perpetrated by the Marshal's wife. The woman must be a perfect fiend. O save me, yoar Highness, save me. Where is the Dnke ?" enquired Philip. " The * Translated from the German of H. Zaehokke, by J. D. Woods, Equerry told me that he jumped up and said merely, 'I shall go to the King.' Just think. Prince, if he does go to the King and tells his story in his own way!" " Is the King here?" "Of course he is. He is playing ombre in one of the apartments with the Archbishop and the Minister of Police." Philip strode up and down the chamber, not knowing what to do. " Your Boyal Highness," implored the negro, " save me. Yooz honour is affected by it. It will be an easy matter for you. At any rate I shall be prepared for the worst, and at the first whisper of bad tidings I shall be beyond the frontier. I shall pack up, and to-morrow morning I shall look for your final commands as to what I am to do." With these words the negro disappeared. VI. Philip began to think that it was high time be became a watchman once more, for he had entangled both himself and his sabstitate in some very unsatisfactory affairs, out of which his own sharpness and the cleverness of the Prince would scarcely be able to extricate them. Then there was the di&ereace; between the Prince and the watchman. Well, he would not count much upon that. He thought what strange things went on amongst the great people in the atmosphere of the Court, which persons like watchmen and weavers and workmen and labourers could never dream of. The people imagined that the nobility and aristocracy led a sort of angelic life, without misdoings and without troubles. It was a.splendid idea. At the Court in one quarter of an hoar he had had to repair more mischief than he had ever done in his whole life. " In solitude, Prince V came from a low voice behind him. " I am overjoyed at finding yoar Boyal Highness alone for a few moments." Philip looked round and beheld an esquire covered with gold and jewels. " What is yoar pleasure?" asked he. "Allow me only a moment's audience, your Highness," answered the .esquire. " The matter is pressing, and the reetut will doabtless be most satisfactory to yoa." "May I ask who you are, mask?' " Count Bodenlos,'tbe Finance Minister, at yoar Highness's service," continued the esquire, raising bis mask and showing a countenance which, with its small eyes and huge coppercoloured nose, looked almost like a mask itself. " Well then, Coont, what is yonr business ?' gnnraed Philip. "May I speak freely? -L ave already waited on yoar Highness three or four times without obtaining the honour Of an audience, and yet, Heaven is my witness that no one has your Boyal Highness's welfare more nearly at heart than I have," " ~ ion greatly indebted to you, my dear Count, 1 said Philip; " bat what is it yoa want ? pray be brief." " May I speak on the subject of the merchant, Abraham Levi ?" asked the esquire. " At yoar pleasure." " Well, he has come to me on the subject of the 50,000 florins which yoa owe him, and he threatens to apply to the King, and yoa know the promise yoa gave to His Majesty the last time he caused yoar debts to be paid." " Cannot the people wait ?" enquired Philip. u Jost as little as the Brothers Goldschmidt, who demand 75,000 florins from yoa." " Well, then, it all the same to me. If the people will not wait Z shall be obliged to"— " Oh, yoar Highness, do not make any rash resolutions; I am in a position to make everything go smoothly, if" " If what ?" asked Philip. " If yoa will do me the favour to listen to me for & moment. I hope to be able to cover your debts without any trouble. Abraham Levi has made enormous purchases of corn, and it has gone up in price very much, in consequence. A prohibition against the export of grain to other countries will increase the value two or three fold. Well, then, permits can be granted to Levi, and everything goes right. Levi will cancel yoar debt to him and pay the 75,000 florins for yoa, handing you over a receipt. Everything, however, depends upon one thing, and that is that I must retain my office as Finance Minister for some years longer. If, however. Count Greifeneack succeeds in ousting me from the Ministry I shall be powerless to act in your behalf, as it is my ardent desire to do. Now, if your Highness will abandon Greifensack's party the game is ours. As for me, I am quite indifferent whether I retain office or not. I am anxious for repose; but I am not indifferent to the position of your Highness; and if I cannot deal the cards we shall lose, that is alL" For some moments Philip did not know how to answer the proposal. At. last, as the Finance Minister drew forth a diamond snuffbox and took a pinch, Philip rejoined, "If I understand rightly. Count, you want to starve the people to some extent in order to pay my debts. Just consider what misery it would cause, and then would the King consent to it ?" " If I remain at the head of the Finances you may leave me to take care of that, yoar Highnesss. As soon as the price of corn goes up the King himself will propose an embargo on grain, and will prevent it9 export by a heavy duty. Well, Levi will get a permit to export ten sacks, and he will send away a hundred. There is nothing easier; bat if, as I said, Greifensack comes to the head of affairs, nothing can be done, and years will elapse before he will be able to master the situation. For a time, in the exigensies of his position, he must act in a straightforward way, but only to oppress the King and the country more severely afterwards. He mast first learn how the land lies. There does not exist a more grasping Jew than Greifensack. His avarice is monstroas." ''These are pleasant prospects," remarked Philip. " How long do yoa consider that a Finance Minister should retain office before he can begin to shear the people—before he can clip off anything for himself and his belongings?" *'Hm! If be has any brains be can do a great deal in a rear." "Then the King should be advised to get a new Minister of Finance every twelve months, in order to be honestly served?" "I hope, your Highness,that since the revenue has been in my charge the King and the Court have not wanted anything" — " Oh, I believe that, Count, but then the people have wanted all the more. I know that the most of them are hardly able to bear the duties and taxes that are laid upon them now. You ought to treat as a little more mercifally." " Us! Why! do I not do everything for the Court ?" " No! I mean yoa ought to treat the people more leniently." "My dear Prince, I fully recognise the respect which is due to your utterances. The King and his illustrious family are the people whom I serve. What is commonly called the people does not come into the calculation. The country is the King's property. The people are worthy of consideration in the same way as other ciphers which follow the prime number and increase its value; bnt this is not a fitting time to reopan the woru-o:n discussion upon the value of the people. I woald rather respectfully beg your instructions as to whether I am to provide for your debts in the way I have indicated." " My answer is No ! No ' Never at the expense of a hundred thousand and more poor, families!" " Yoar Boyal Highness, we are talking of the firm of Abraham Levi. If I should require them, besides the discharge of yoar debts, to hand you fifty thousand florins in hard cash, I think itcoald be managed. That firm would gain so much by the transaction that" " That perhaps you, too, would make a nice little thing out of it." " Yoar Boyal Highness is pleased to jest. I shall gain nothing by it; but I am most ardently desirous of regaining your favour." ' "Yoa' really are very kind." " Then," my dear Prince, may I hope?" "My dgar .Count, I shall do what is right; do yoa your duty." " My duty is to serve yoa.' To-morrow I shall send for Levi. I shall close the affair with him at oace, and I shall have the' honour to hand yoar Boyal Highness the discharge of j oar debts, and the present of 50,000 florins.' "Leave me; I shall not listen to any such thing." "And yoar Highness will restoie me to favour; for unless I remain in the Ministry with Abraham Levi I could not possibly" "I wish," retorted Philip angrily, " that you, your Ministry, and your Abraham Levi were all three stuck on the Blocksberg. I tell yoa that if there is an embargo on grain, and if the rise in the cost of food is not immediately stopped, and the Jewish firm does not forthwith sell the stored grain at the market price, I shall go at onee to the King. I shall tell him of all your rascally proceedings, and I shall cause yoa and Abraham Levi to be banished tbe country. You may depend upon it that I shall keep my word." VII. "When will your Boyal Highness order the carriage to be ready ?" a voice whispered to him as he passed along the ballroom. It was a short stoat Dutchman, with a bob wig, who spoke. " I am opt going oat." " It is more than halfpast 11, Prince, and the charming singer expects you. She will tire of waiting." " Well, then, let her amuse herself by singing." " How, Prince, have yon changed your mind so soon? Surely yoa will not slight the lovely Rollins? Yoa will not miss the golden opportunity that yoa have been sighing for for the last two months? Your note that you sent through me; this morning, with the diamond-cased wateh, has worked this miracle. The vain prnde has sur-. rendered. This morning you were in raptures, and now of a sadden yoa are as cold as ice. What has happened to yon ? I do not understand this change." "It is all one to me." " You gave me your commands to be ready to accompany you at half-past 11. Had yoa any other engagement ?" " Certainly." " Perhaps the supper at the Countess Bom's? She did not attend the ball, at any rate there is no trace of her. I should recognise amongst a thousand others her gait, and the way she carries her elegant head, How Prince ?" " Well, if it was, am I constrained to confide it to you?" " Oh! I understand and am silent, bat will yoa not send word to the Signora Bollina that you are unable to.come?" "She chose to leave me sighing after her for two months, and now I shall leave her to sigh fair me two months more. I shall not go." " So, then, the splendid necklace which you intended as a New Year's gift for her will not come to anything ?" " Scarcely, if it depends upon me." "Do yoa wish to break with her altogether, your Highness ?"' " I never bound myself to hei." I' Well, then, Prince, if I may speak candidly and disclose the truth, that perhaps you already know, because I am aware of your Boyal Highness's quickness of perception. Only your passion for the Bollina prevented me from speaking sooner. Yoa are deceived!" "By whom?" "By the crafty little opera singer. Why, you woald have shared her affections with a Jew." "With a Jew?" "Well, yes, with the eon of Abraham Levi." "Zs that scoundrel everywhere ?" " Then yon do not know ? I will speak the sacred truth. If yoa had not come between them, the Jew would have maintained her openly. I am only sorry on account of the watch." "I am not." "The little wretch deserves a whipping." "There are many who do not get their deserts." " True, indeed, your Highness. For instance, I have recently foand a young girl. Oh! Prince, there is nothing to be found in the city or in the whole country more beautiful or more enticing. Very few persons know the heavenly creature. Pshaw! the fair Bollina is nothing In comparison with her—a mere witch. Look you! A girl tall and slim as a reed, a fine colonr, that shows through a tender skin like a rose apon enow; eyes like stars, and thick golden hair. In all my life I have not seen anything more beautiful. But who takes notice of this Venus ? She is a goddess in a humble dwelling. We mast look after this girl." " So she is one of the common people ?" "To be sore, only a erisette. Bat no! yoa must see her, and yoa will be in raptures. Bat what is the use of my describing and praising her ? What yoa have never Imagined in yoar mast entrancing dreams is embodied in her, and besides she |is most lovely, tender, find innocent. She cannot often be seen, for she lives with her mother; bat I know where she sits in church, and where she walks on Sundays. She generally goes with her mother to the gate of the elm avenue. I have also foand out that a fine yoang fellow, a gardener, is courting her; bat - he cannot marry her, because he is a poor devil, and the girl herself has nothing. The mother is the widow of a linen weaver who died of consumption." " What is the mother's name ?" Widow Bittoer. who lives in Milk-street, and her daughter, as beautiful as a rose, which she indeed is, is named Bose." Philip crew hot-and cold again as he heard this, and he felt a fierce desire to knock the speaker down. "Yoa must be in league with the devil," said he. " WeH, suppose I am; have I not brought yoa good news? You must, however, see the beauty yourself. Or, perhips, Prince, with'yoar keen eyes, yoa may hive already foand oat this priceless peul ? Do yoa really know her ?" '* Of coarse I know her." " So mach the better. Have I said b word too much? Do yoa not agree with me? She sh ill not escape us. We shall go together to the mother—you shall be the philanthropist. The poverty of the mother has been made known to yoa. You will enquire into the circumstances of the good woman, leave a present behind yoa— repwt yoar visit, continue yoar benevolence— become acquainted with Bose—and all the rest follows. The lout of a gardener will be easily satisfied—and it might mike matters easier still if yon were to give him a dozen dollars or so." In his cage Philip could not speak. '* May the thunder blast'me " " If the scoundrel of a gardener makes any fass aboat it," interrupted the Dutchman—"Oh, leave that to me. If I receive your Highness' promise of the Chamberlain's keys, the maiden is yours. The gardener shall be drawn as a soldier and sent to tbe army—there he can fight for his country. In the meantime yoa will be master of the situation. I think, mind yoa, that the girl will stick to the fellew for a while oat of sheer common obstinacy; at all events, it won't be an easy matter to get those prejudice? oat of her head which she has imbibed amongst the canaille. But I shall won take her in hand." " I shall break yoar neck if you do." " You are toe kind. Only your good word with the King and tbe Chamberlain's keys" • . "Sir, at this moment I should like to" " Oh, pr «y do not flatter me. your Highness. You know that I would yield my life for yoa at any moment. If I had suspected that yoa knew her, and that she was not indifferent to you, yoa might have gained her long ago." " Not another word," cried Philip savagely, as savagely, at least, as he dared to speak, in a suppressed voice; in that room^ so not to be heard by the noisy crowd of maskers, and not - to betray himself." " Not another word." "No, I will act," slid the Dutchman gaily. " To-morrow we shall open the trench in front of the fortress, Then you will advance. Yoa are accustomed to conqaer,. I shall look after the gardener, and the mother will come over to your golden colours; apd then——" Philip could scarcely contain himself .aqy longer. He seized the Dutchman's arm,.and said, "Sir, if yoa dare to interfere with her." "For Heaven's sake, Prince, do moderate yoar transports, otherwise I mast cry out. You are crashing my arm." " If you dare pursue this innocent girl," continued Philip, "as true as I live, I will smash every bone in your body." " Well, well," sighed the Dutchman in pain and terror; " calm yonrself, and be pleased to let me go." " If ever I should find you sneaking after the girl, or even in the neighbourhood of Milkstreet, yon die by my hand. You look to it." The Dutchman stood quite stapefied. " Your Boyal Highness,"' said he humbly, " I could not know that you loved the beautiful creatare as passionately as it seems yoa do." " Oh, most devotedly, as I will proclaim before the whole world." " And are yoa beloved in return ?" " What is that to you. Never speak to me about this again. Yoar very thoughts defile her. Now you understand me, begone !" With these words Philip turned his back, and the Dutchman retired, scratching his ear in apparent perplexity. 