CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD, The annual session of the Syned of the Church of England, in the di[?] of Adelaide, was continued at the Church Office, Leigh- street, on Wednesday. April 28. There was a large attendance ef synodsnen, and his Lord ship the Bi?bop occupied the chair. The Ber. jM.froUHt.oe St. Luke's, and the Ber. Dr. Oraig.of Mount Gamfcier, sent apologies for non-«tttfidanoe. duun'KST aosacrmx. Kr.W. S. DorGLfts, J.P., stored that the cemetery committee of list year be re appointed. It<ni pointed cat tut the Com mittee was quite nnnecesaaxy. aa its functions were performed by another body, and on tbii ground the motion was negatived. ENDOWMENT OF CBTBCBBS. The Bey. B. Ghset moved—- That All Saint* 1, Moonta; St. Michael'i, Bongaree; St. Philip I*, Belvidere; Kmmannfl, Obinkfecd; Christ Church, YaakaliUa; St. James 1, Glen born; and St. Angostine's, Part Victor, be placed in schedule O after 30th June, 1880, and tbst nottoe be given to St. Petef?, Kobe, that it will be placed in schedule C after 30th Jane, 188 L" TU mover pointed oat that v these chnrehes had been rally endowed they could no longer be helped by way of graata-ln-aid. The full endowment was £500. The Key. C. G. Tapuk moved, as an amendment, that All £aints*, Mooota, should be struck oat of the lift, on the ground that the church hai been endowed, bat had nerer been in a petition to receive the endowment. The Rev. C. O. Elctx, MJL, stated that in Christian liberality All Saints', Moonta, was a shining light, and be thought it hard that that church should not be allowed to remain on schedule A. It was admitted that granc-in- aid regulation No. 8, under which this motion was brought forward, might work harshly in some cases, bat it was pointed out that if hardship occurred the proper plan was to repeal tbe regulation. The motion was carried. BMTISTICAI. BETTBX. Mr. W. S. Docgulb moved—" That clause 16 of the standing committee's report be takeu into consideration, with a view of taking action to enforce tbe punctual tendering of the statistical return." The standing committee, in their re vert, referred to a large number of churches in ibe diocese which had not forwarded the neces sary statistical returns, so that the Bishop could not make his report on tbe state of the diooese to the Synod. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M., in seconding the motion, com plained that not only wat action necessary to enforce the pane coal rendering of the return, bat to ensure the cor rectness of tbe returns and the supply of full information. He thought that returns of the T> nwnW<r of eommunioanW should always be sent in, as there was nothing else whioh shewed so well the true strength of the ohorofa. The Pbxsidbkt pointed out that unless the proper returns were sent in it was impossible for him to report on the spiritual state of the diooese. The churches should forward their returns as early as possible. After some dfceusaion it was pointed out that the motion was of no practical ute, as no oonrse for adoption to remedy the evil complained of was indicated, and tbe motion was withdrawn. p&C.-;: /-_ 6TAJTDING OBDEBS. Mr! W. Buu-ow, 8.A., moved—" That in ac corilhDce with a clause in tbe standing coannit ttx-'a report, leave be given to bring in a mea sure for the purpose of adopting and passing the litaiiiling orders of the last Synod as regulations uvt fundamental." Fresh standing orders had to be adopted every span on, and he thought that if they were adopted as non-randamental regulations once for all mush inconvenience would be prevented. The Key. J. F. Hoctbb seconded the motion, which was carried. The Synod tbonweutinto committee, and the stand ing orders were agreed to. The committee HGumed, and tbe meuuie as recommended by them was passed. CDIaTOB OF CBUBTBBT AT WOODHDB. Mr. W. Babu>w moved—"That Mr. Charles Wright be appointed curator of the oemetery attached to 8t Mark's, Woadside, vice Mr. Seagrim, deceased." Oarried. SOME MIBSION FCJTD. The Bey. S. GsaK moved—" That the Synod hertbydelegate?tothestandingconMnittee autho rity to administer the home mission fund in ao oord?uoe with the regulations for grants-in-aid of clerioal incomes that mtve been or may be from tiaan to time adopted by-Synod.0 This proposi tion was made to give power to the standing committee to do what they had being dene without power for years past. Oarried. ABBS. AHD BUSH MISSION FOHB. The Bey. S. Greek moved—"That the Synod, hereby gives tbe standing committee authority to administer tbe area and bush misaWn funn in providing the means for missionary visits, and aiding in the formation ol of mission cures.' This motion was brought forward far the aame reason as the last, and was agreed to, TBntOtfWSKT OF VACANT CtJBSS. Tfcs B«r. 8. Gbsbm- moved—"That for the fntare all amoanla that tnaytall to the disposal of Synod from the endowment* of vacant enzM be allowed toaacumulate until the next aonaal meetingof Synod, aad lift then disposed of aft tin Synbdaaay deem fit." He said this motisn, if eaitfed'aat, waMeifectaii important altera tion fir tte present-mode of procedure. At present if ? eure-*ey P«gh-mi endowed to tfae fall amout of £3$ per year, ana it had no clergyman, the endowment aeoarding to tbe trusts of th* variety fell into the Synod, who bad tiie right to appropriate it for any purpose they pleased. It seamed only fair that aa the parishes in question bad contributed part of tfae capital sum of £690 they should have some voice in the distribution of the interest. Mr. H. K. Bowiob, &M.;, seconded the motion. Oanon Farr, MA, thought it would be* very proper thing to leave the disposal of amounts' failing in from the endowments of vacant cures to the standing committee, and he moved an amendment accordingly. Mr. Dowkhb agreed to this, but he tboogbt the ohureb cr cure should have something to say as to the disposal of the fund. He moved— ** That for the future all amounts that may fall to the disposal of Synod from the endowments of vacant cures be dis posed of by the standing committee, provided notice be given from time to time by such committee to the wardens of the church or cure in question of the proposed disposal fit the money." The FSBsniE?rr thought Mr. Downer's amendment would guard against any possible misappropriation of the money. This view was taken by Synod, and the motion aa amended by Mr. Downer was carried. aPPonratHNT ok bekovai, op cubatorb of CEH tvTB BIBS. The Kev.S. Gbsxn moved —" That the stand ing committee is hereby authorised to remove or appoint, as ooeasion may require, canton of cemeteries vested in Synod, on the advioe and recommendation of the incumbent and wardens of the churches «to which the cemeteries are attached." Through the standing committee at present having no power to appoint or remove curators they had to wait for the Synod some times a whole year, and the greatest inconve nience was thereby caused. Mr. H. Scott eeconded the motion. Carried. THH KBIAKEBIAK XISSIOH. The Bey. S. Gbken moved—That this Synod resolves that all amounts received by it daring the ensuing year for missions to the heathen be paid to the treasurer of the Metanesian mission, nnlecs otherwise directed by the parish oontri butdrg." The motion was seconded and carried. In reply to the president, Mr. G. W. Hawkes stated that the sum of £332175. lOd. had been sent to Melanesia last year. 6YMODAI. TCCPBBTSBS. The Bey. 8. Gbhkt moved—"That leave be given to bring in a measure for the purpose of | making the following addition to regulation not fundaments', Mb. 17—'35 m standing committee shall have power to disburse the sums collected ' on the assessment for synodal expenses.'" The ' standing committee had the power to make the ' assessment, but they had no authority to pay account*. It was very desirable that they should \ be able to pay accounts from month to month, or a* such times as they might think fit. Carried. She Synod went into committee, and agreed to the new regulation, their action being endorsed on the Bynod returning. : BURIAL STATISTICS. Oanon Fabr moved—"That a return of the number 'buried' be' given in tie statistics. 7 Mr. G. W. Hawebs seconded. Carried. HEW HISBIDirABT DISTRICTS. The Eev. 8. Gkbbw moved—' 2 That a com mitte of five be elected by the steading com mittee from their own body or Synod -to act with tbe arehdeasons in aiding the Bishop to define atd organise new missionary districts as well as supply those already established with missionary chaplains." FEBO OF FUMDAMEKTAI. PBOVISIOHS, *C. The Bey. S. Geeew moved—" That it shall be part of the duty of the standing committee to see that all fundamental provisions, and regula tions not fundamental, which have been passed by the Synod are duly filed as required by the Associations' Incorporation Act, 1858, and to report to the Synod." Mr. Pope seconded the : motion, which was carried. STATISTICS AS TO COMMXTHIOSS. The Bey. H. M. Poixttt moved—"That the Synod respectfully requests His Lordship tie Bishop to have a column added to the form of statistical returns for reosrding the number of communions made during the previous twelve months." The Bey. 8. Ghost seconded. Car ried. • FOOB CHTTRCHBS. Tbe Bey. C. C. Blccv moved—* 1 That in file opinion of this Synod it woold be advisable to provide, as* occasion vequires, by moans of ff'ff w ordinary assistance, for the case of any church on which (owing to the migration of population, or depreciation of property m the neighborhood) the operation of regulation Ho. 8 on grants-ma id bears with exceptional hardsesa,and ttiat such case be referred to the consideration of the standing committee. 1' The Eev. C. G. Tapiw seconded. Carried. The Synod, at 6.45 p.m., adjourned tall the following afternoon. 