THE SYDNEY SCULLERS IN ENGLAND. The Sydney Mail of November 27 contains some interesting particulars in referenoe to Lay cock and Trickett. Oar contemporary says:— Mr. P. J. Olark has favored as with permis sion ; to ptiblisli' the following, letter, dated London, October 8, which he has received from a friend in London, and whioh will probably be r read with much interest by aqaatic men' here: —" In Thursday's Sportsman there is a fair account of the race between Laycock and Blaok man. The latter got by far the best start, and it was almost laughable to see the leisurely phlegmatic way in which Elias followed him. The pace was really terrific, as the time given up to each point shows. As far as Hammer smith the race was really a splendid one, but by the time they got to Goraey Reaoh Layoook had completely rowed his man down. I never saw such an utter collapse in my life, nor a fellow so completely done up as Blackman was. I really pitied him; for two minutes he could not speaks—his head drooped on to his chest, and he looked like a corpse. The Sydney man rowed on in just the same style that he had started, and as soon as Blackman was able be followed, to enter a protest on the ground that Lay cock's cutter .had passed him. This was certainly true, but she had a lot of way on when Blackman shut up, aud oouid not be stopped. Mr. Ireland, the referee, told Trickett to follow on, as it was cleaT that Black man had given up. Tde protest was quickly dismissed. Laycock rowed well, aud strong,and (thanks to Jack Thompson) his condition was simply superb. The muscles of his back, ribs, and legs stood out like iron bars, and though he had n ot quite got rid of a bad aold his wind was all there. He rows a pretty-looking style, something's after Dick Green's fashion, but his slide is, to my mind, short aud. faulty, aud he does not appear to grip the water to the full extent of his reach. But he is a good 'un, and bad to beat. We have two matches on for him —one against Hosmer, a Boston (U.S.A ) man, who is a good sculler, and the other against Hawdon.. Fit and well, he should win both races. I must say that 1 am agreeably disap pointed in Laycook. He is a genial, nioe, well behaved fellow, and he has made hosts of friends. Australians both at home and abroad may well be proud of their representatives ou the Thames, for wherever you go you hear them spoken of in the highest terms. Until Triokett's arrival, professional rowing was at the very lowest ebb; bnt since he and Laycock have been on the Thames matters have taken quite a turn the other way, and, whereas six months ago it would have been strange indeed to have seen a single person of any position in society at a professional boatrace, it is something to be able to say that, despite the day befiag one of the most disagreeable that we have had this year, numbers of the 'upper crust' patronised the Laycock-Blackman race, including^ Lord Londesborough, Major Dickson, Mr. Ttowden, and many other well-known persons, to say nothing of the presence of ladies—a thing funpa'ralled except at the University coQt3st. And nothing bnt the feeling that the race;would be contested straightforwardly. brought this about ; and it is not to much to say that it was the knowledge of the quiet reepectable con duct of our Sydney men that created this feeling. Of Trickett it is needless to speak, he . always behaves like a gentleman. I hope yon will let it be known far and wide what a .sterling friend Jack Thompson has been to the men. He alone trained Laycock, whilst to .Trickett he is more than a brother. He seems to devote himself entirely to him, and night and day he is at his service. Could man do more? I know that there iB some feeling in Sydney about Jack Thompson being here at all, and therefore in common justice it should be known as widely as possible that his presence is invaluable, and without in any way desiring to detraot from Harry Kelly's merit, I may say that if Trickett wins Thompson must share equally with him in the credit of the victory. I told .you. long ago that I had come to the con clusion that EuglisO rowing form has beau over rated, and now I believe more, and that is— that they" are bad judges of it. If it were otherwise how could George Drewitt (who should know as much as any man in the land) have made the mistake of laying 2 to 1 or Blackman ? He baB seen Laycock do all his work, for he has been traiuing Thomas from the same boathouse, and every day he has had his watch ont timing him at every point, yet he never found out that both Laycock and Trickett are 'foxing.' Of course Triokett feels within himself what he can do, and having Laycook's measure so well, there was no necessity for a trial, and so the knowing ones were sold. Lay cock should never forget (as I am sure he never will) what Triokett has done for him. Had it not been for Ned he would have gone back with out a match, fcr Oharlie Bush, to whom Punch introduced him, it seems, gave him the cold shoulder. I told you long ago that he could beat any man in England, and asked you to advise Punch to come over with him. Had he done so he would have made a pile. Laycock must have7 cleared £250, if not more,, by the race,- although, owing to the bad weather, his share of boats was only £30 clear. I had almost forgotten to say that Triokett piloted his quondam rival in faultless style, giving him,a oourse as straight as a surveyor could have shown. The weather has been foggy, cold, and wet, and as Trickett has gone through it so far, and kept well, we may fairly expoct that he will continue to do so. Hanlan is rowing magnificently, and if he is to be beaten it will be by fairly wearing him down, as Laycock did Blackman. He can ' fox' as well aB anybody, and it is hard to judge what he can do. The bettiDg is uo more thau 7 to 4 on him at present, but a Canadian correspondent tells me that there will be sucb heaps of money from that side of the 'herring pond' cnat if we hold out we will get 4 to 1. They say Wallace Boss is coming over to 'feel' i'riokett's pace, and that he will follow him for that object. Much good will all he can learn do him!" The same paper says:—Mr. John Thompson, brother of the well-known bookmakers, who are heavy losers by Trickett's defeat, has been also " heavily hit," or "stone broke," as he puts it in a cable to his brother in Melbourne. Mr. Thompson, writing from the Bells Tavern, Putney, September 28, to a friend in this city, says:—" It was with the deepest regret that I read from one of yonr local papers a notice re flecting upon my leaving Australia, and gojng to join Trickett. It does not exactly ticket me as one of the class known as rogue and vaga bond, but it couples betting and sculling, and so introduces the bookmaking element as deroga tory to the interest of the coming great sculling event. Finally, it puts a plaster on the un kind cut, so cowardly giveni, by stating I may be. a flue fellow in a great many re spects, and that its intention is anything.but to throw discredit ou my private character. It Anally refers to what the English pressmight say, and goes on to the unfortunate occurrence to Lord Harris on the Sydney cricket-ground. You can imagine my disgust when I tell you that I parted with my family in Melbourne in order to do all in my power for the man who is striving for the glory of Australia. It is obvious that the real meaning of this article is to imply that I would be guilty of anything, so long as I could profit by it. All I ask ia to be Judged after ail is over. I asked no one to assistme in my trip to England, and Trickett personally asked me to follow him to England, and here I am ready to forfeit all I possess to seoure a victory for Trickett. If my coming to England has in any way interfered with Triokett's financial affairs I am very sorry, and regret having come; but I offer no such sentiment to those who could be so thin-skinned and sus picious . as to withhold their contributions because I am with Triokett, I am in no degree afraid of those who know me being adverse to what Have done.. I will, with Harry Kelly's-" mentorship, train and a atch Triokett day and * night, if necessary. We will bring him to the post like a yonng Hercules." The following extract from a letter by E. Laycock to a friend, in Sydney will be read with interest. The: letter was dated London, Ootober 7 "Your papers considerably underrate Blackman; he is as tall as myself, 25 years of age, and weighs over 12 stone; and as to his pace from Putney to Hammersmith Bridge, one and three-quarter. mile, we did the fastest time on record in any race —nine minutes and four seconds,and he was then only a length astern. My first attempt on the Thames has been a win. As I told you before, Trickett and myself do all our work, and get on well together. He piloted me through the race in a cutter. The day was very wet and windy, and in about two miles I rowed Black man to a standstill. I have two more raoes on, and fanoy I can win both. I have seen Hanlan out often, in fast have rowed over the course alongside of him. I see very little in him, and can only conclude that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Triokett, so,, bar acci dents, he is not in it. His bump of self-esteem is exceedingly well developed. He rows open handed, so I need tell you nb more. I expect we shall have more races on before long So far we have had fine weather. "We are going to row first and second for the Hop Bitters, if it comes off." Perhaps it is too much to say that Trickett's late defeat on the Thames is accounted for, bat it is not too much to say this easy defeat is now made most comprehensible. "Tim Whiffler," in England, who contributes sporting Notes to the Leader, when writing on 8th Oo tober, sayB" I hear strange rumors from those likely to know concerning your man Trickett. That he: is ' all to pieces' all are agreed, and what is worse he is suffering from a fit of the 'blues', whatever complaint that may be. I am informed, too, that his training is too strong, and that a little less work and a little more ' home-brewed' would prove beneficial. I-have seen horses get as stale as coach horses from overwork'; the same cause, therefore, is likely to make a sculler ' slow as a man in boots.''" If - Triokett wes; fn this reduced state early iu Oc tober, what must his condition have been mid way in November?: The weight he rowed (says the Leader) was a clear proof of his being too much reduced, and it wanted nothing more than the remarks penned by '• Tim Whiffier" to as sure us that he was weak and unfit to sustain his reputation in a severe contest when he en tered his boat. 