Sketcher. WELSH FOLK-LORE. Collecting folk-lore is a delicate task. Most people are shy of talking about what they are a little ashamed of believing. Emile Souvestre in his delightful books about Brittany, and the Marquis of Ville- marqué, indefatigable collector of Breton ballads, both testify to the difficulty of getting at the old tales. You are almost sure to freeze people into silence if they think you come as a collector and mean printing. To set their tongues going you must be really sympathetic, and they must feel that you are. This if needful even in Ireland, where a more mixed race, oftener brought in contact with strangers, is readier at talking. In Ireland it is about religious legends that people are most reti- cent, till they know you, and feel they can trust you. Go to Lough Derg, the gloomy little lake in an unutterably dreary swamp in Donegal, where is St. Patrick's purga- tory, so famous in the middle age, and, unless you bring credentials of some kind you will learn on the spot less than you can read in a guide-book. But the shyer Welshman will ten to one, decline to talk about legends of any kind until you have found some way of opening his heart. This was also Mr. F. Campbell's experi- ence in the West Highlands and islands, where he collected those tales that every folk-lore student ought to read. He found the language a wonderful help. The man who would he short and gruff with a Southron will change, as if by magic, his whole face and manner when his greeting, "It's a fine day," is met with, "Tha n' latha briagh" (the day is fine). "You have Gaelic?" he exclaims. "You will take my excuse by your leave, but what part of the Gaeldom are you from?" And then follows a pleasant talk, and any story that the man has is readily told. But sometimes Mr. Campbell found even his Gaelic insufficient. One old dame of over seventy, known to be sole possessor of several stories, when he used to try to bring the conversation round that way, would turn him aside with: "Hush, my dear, the ursgeal (tale) is all nonsense. God bless you ! I knew your grandmother; and her cousin used to look just as you do now;" and so it took a week's coaxing to get all her ursgeal out of the old woman. All honour, then, to Mr. Wirt Sykes, United States Consul for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact as we suppose the Ameri- cans to be) felt sympathy, and convinced others that he felt it. He had a grand field in Wales. Among such romantic scenery old-world beliefs are sure to linger longest, but, as he says, you might live for years in Wales, and yet never learn any thing about the folk-lore unless you go amongst the people, as he took care to do, and show them that you really think and feel with them, instead of letting them fancy you come as a collector. Mr. Sikes has thoroughly worked South Wales, and Monmouthshire which is more Welsh than Wales itself; and he has worked, so to speak, sympathetically, for in many of the Welsh beliefs he finds a curious parallel to the spiritualism which is so rampant in his American home. One is startled to find that among the matter- of-fact Yankees, "in Cambridge, under the classic shadow of Harvard College," is a house so badly haunted that a tenant who ventured to take it in 1877 was actually worried out of it. But of ghost-stories there is less need to speak, as they are the common property of the human race. There is nothing dis- tinctly Welsh in a grand lady in high-heeled shoes with a long train of the finest silk stalking through the house, and setting all the dogs barking, as Lady Stradling is said to do at St. Donat's Castle, by the Nash Point, whenever any mischief is about to befall the family. Nor is the following well-authenticated tale about a scion of a noble home peculiar to the principality : — "Thomas Cadogan had large estates, but he was not satisfied, and was once tempted to shift his neighbour's land-mark, the neigh- bour being a poor widow who owned a small freehold. So after his death Cadogan had to walk this earth, till at last he made bold to confront a woman, who happened, very late one evening, to be crossing a stile on a very lonely path. She, forgetting for the moment both her grammar and the fact that Cadogan was dead, cried: 'Mr. Cadogan, what does you here this time o' night?' 'I was obliged to come,' meekly replied the ghost; and then he instructed her to tell so-and-so to put back the stones in order that he might have rest." There is an ethical and utilitarian tone about this which is sadly wanting in the fol- lowing legend of the River Rheidol, near that well-known tourist's haunt, Machynlleth. Catrin and David Gwyn were just married (1705), and lived in a shepherd's hut, of which many can still point out the ruins. One day, coming back from market with a party of neighbours, she parted from them about two miles from home and was never seen again. A fearful storm came on, and a scrap of her red cloak being found on the edge of a quaking bog, it was believed she had tumbled in and been swallowed up. Her husband went mad, the cottage fell to ruin, and to this day "White Catti of the Grove Cwm" is dreaded as a malignant spirit who pushes people into the river or inveigles them into bottomless morasses. Here we have a survival of the feeling which makes the Santal, in India, offer a parting meal to the dead, accompanying it with the words: "Now go away; don't come near us any more. We've been very good to you; now stay away." Neither are the stories about spectral animals distinctly Welsh, though they are extremely numerous amongst our Cambrian fellow subjects. The dog — man's friend — so invaluable to the shepherd, is naturally credited with a life beyond the grave. "It is hard to look into that dog's eyes," said a Welshman to Mr. Sikes, "and believe that he has not a bit of a soul to be saved." The ghostly dog, however, is usually the reverse of beneficent. One of the most persistent of Welsh legends is that of "the Dog of Darkness," with his huge fiery eyes, which is told in the Mabinogion in almost the very words in which "Mr. David Brewster, of Pembrokeshire, a religious man, and free from fear and superstition," described what "befel him on Coet Moor as he was passing the huge upright stones called 'the Devil's Nags.' He was seized and thrown over a hedge. But being, as we said, 'far from superstition,' he went next day, taking with him a strong fight- ing mastiff. When he came by 'the Devil's Nags,' he saw a dog more terrible than tongue can tell. In vain he set his dog at it; the huge beast crouched frightened at his master's feet. Even then brave David was not dismayed, but took up a stone to fling at the uncanny creature; but suddenly a circle of fire, lighting up the gloom, showed the white snip down the dog's nose, and his grinning teeth and white tail, all which signs marked him out as one of 'the dogs of hell' (Cwn Annwn)." "The wild huntsman as a personage," Mr. Sikes tells us, "has quite dropped out of "modern belief in Wales;" which is strange, because besides haunting Windsor Forest he is well known in Cornwall, some- times (as near Bodmin) mixed up with the Arthur legends and the tales about the evil spirit Tregeagle, sometimes, as near the Lizard, identified with an oppressive steward of the Robarteses. Henderson, in his "Folklore of the Northern Border," suggests that this myth of the "grand veneur" may have come from the strange cries, not unlike the yelping of a pack of hounds, uttered by wildfowl on their pas- sage northward. But though the demon- hunt is wanting, the headless horse as a death-omen (sometimes drawing a hearse or a coach) is found in Wales, as it is in Devonshire and in Hurst Wood, near Tun- bridge Wells. Horses, moreover, are held to be specially gifted with the power of dis- cerning spirits, a belief which you may think due to their habit of shying in the dark at anything white, or (if you are transcendentally philosophical) to "the horse's eye being able to receive an image which the human retina fails to accept." In Wales phantom horsemen have better work to do than to hunt all night with a pack of demon hounds. Here is an instance recorded by the Rev. John Jones, of Holywell, in Flint, a preacher of extra- ordinary power, renowned and respected throughout Wales. We may mention that Welsh apparitions are usually vouched for by pious men. Thus the great authority for Monmouth is Edmund Jones, also a famous preacher, called the Prophet, who in 1813 published a book on the subject, denouncing all sceptics as Sadducees and infidels. In the West Highlands, on the contrary, the kirk, though powerless against whisky drinking, has, Mr. Campbell says, sadly destroyed people's interest in the old legends. Edmund Jones even found authority from the twelfth chapter of St. Matthew, forty-third verse, for fairies. "The fairy rings are in dry places, and the Scripture saith that the walk of evil spirits is in dry places." But to return to John Jones, of Holywell. As this pious man, after preaching at Bala, was tiding to Machynlleth, he was aware that he was being dogged by a murderous-looking man carrying a sickle. He remembered to have noticed this man at an inn where he had pulled out his watch and shown his purse. "The man means to rob, perhaps murder me," thought he, as he marked him skulking under the hedge. He could not take across country, for the road was sunk behind high banks. Should he turn back? "In despair, rather than in a spirit of humble trust and confidence," he says, " I bowed my head, and was silently praying, when my horse, growing impatient, started off. I clutched at the reins, but instantly let them fall upon his neck; for, lo ! at my side I beheld a dark-clad horseman on a white steed. I at once spoke to him, but he made no answer, gazing intently at a gate some distance ahead. I looked, and saw the reaper dart out from his hiding- place, sheathe his sickle, and hurry away over a field. I again accosted my com- panion both in Welsh and English, but he was speechless, save that I thought he said 'Amen' to a pious remark. Suddenly he was gone, but whither? for he could not have leapt the banks, and I am sure he did not pass through the gate." Clearly the mysterious horseman was sent by Providence to save the preacher from danger. As in Chinese Folk-lore, a whole set of ghost stories turns on the restitution of ill- gotten goods. Buried hoards, too, hinder the peace of those who made them. The Ogmore, in Glamorgan, is a favourite river for hoarded money to be thrown into. The ghost haunts someone till he or she is persuaded to search for the hoard, and then fling it honestly into the stream. A miser's housekeeper in St. Donats-cwm was so worried by her master's ghost, that, to get rid of him, the Methodists resolved to hold a prayer- meeting in the house. While they were in the thick of it, she suddenly sprang up crying: "There he is, there he is !" After a dead silence some bold person ventured to say: "Ask it what it wants?" She did so; and, though no one heard the reply, the woman, instructed by the ghost, rushed to the chimney, thrust up her arm, and drew down a bag of money. "Let me go, let me go !" she screamed; and, starting out at the door, was seen to skip, without touching it, over a stile and away to the Ogmore. After an hour she came back, bedraggled with wet and bespattered with mud. "I've been down to the river," said she, "and have thrown the money in," and the ghost took his hat off, and made a low bow, and vanished. Methodism, however, is not the most powerful exorciser. The church clergy, though their other ministrations may be little valued, are still held to be the best at ridding a place of ghosts, and the exorcism is doubled in efficacy if it be pronounced in Latin. No Welsh ghost is recorded to have turned the tables on the exorciser, after the fashion of that Chinese ghost who drove out the Taomist priest, incense-pots, joss- sticks, and all; but sometimes a stub- born ghost will not obey the behest of a single clergyman. A triple-parson power, however, will master any spirit that ever walked. As in West Connaught, the hare in several parts of Wales is either sacred or uncanny. When there is a witch in the neighbourhood she is sure to go about in the form of a hare. At Llangynog, in Montgomery, the superstition takes a singularly beautiful form. Here hares are called St. Melangell's lambs, the story being that Melangell (Monacella), daughter or an Irish king, took a vow of celibacy and fled from her father's court to the wilds of Montgomery to avoid marriage. Here the Prince of Powys, hare- hunting one day, was astonished to see the game run under the robe of a beautiful virgin who was kneeling in prayer. The dogs stood howling at a distance, the hunts- man's horn stuck to his lips. The prince gave her a parcel of land to be a sanctuary for all comers. There you can see her bed in the cleft of a rock, and in the church is a rude wooden carving representing many hares scuttling to her for protection. Till lately no one in that parish would kill a hare; and all believed that if, meeting a hare hunted by dogs, you cried, "God and St. Melangell be with you," it was sure to escape. It is interesting to remember that Cæsar says the old Britons thought it an unholy thing to eat the hare; but then they also abstained from the goose, about eating which none of their modern de- scendants have any scruples. More distinctively Welsh are the stories about the Tylwyth Teg — i.e., "fair folk," as Irish fairies are always dubbed "good people," as the Greeks called the fairies "the gracious ones" (Eumenides), as Sir W. Scott tells us the Highlanders took off their hats to the gibbet, and called it "the kind gallows," and as Laplanders speak of the bear as "the old gentleman in the fur coat." Some, instead of seeing in "fair" a deprecatory or euphemistic epithet, take it literally, and connect the fairies with in- vaders from Ireland, "Picts and Scots," small parties of whom were left when the rest were driven out. These, living in fear of their lives, used to send out their children at night, fantastically dressed, for food and exercise. This theory is seriously put forth by Rev. Peter Roberts, author of Collectanea Cambrica; his alternative theory being that the fairies were those who still adhered to the Druidic faith, and therefore had to keep in hiding from their Christian persecutors. No doubt outlaws sometimes tried to invest themselves with supernatural attributes; thus the Pwca (Puck) at the farm of Trwyn, in the strangely-named Parish of Mynyddyslwyn, was "yr Arglwydd Hywel" — i.e., Lord Howel, proscribed by the English, and concealed by his tenantry. He hid during the day in a room contrived between two floors, like those in which Roman priests were concealed in Elizabeth's time. Some- times he used to join in the talk that went on in the living-room below. For in- stance, when the servants were comparing hands, as to whiteness and size, a gentle voice said: "the Pwca's hand is the fairest and smallest." They bravely asked it to show its hand, and through a chink in the ceiling a hand was thrust down, small, fair, and delicately formed, with a large gold ring on the little finger. So, again, a set of marauders who, in the sixteenth century, were the terror of Merioneth, gave out that they were fairies. They lived in dens in the ground, had fiery red hair, and fed on stolen sheep. At last Lord Owen gathered a troop, and soon proved that the red fairies were flesh and blood by defeating them, and hang- ing a hundred of his prisoners. He spared the women, one of whom begged hard for her son's life. Owen spurned her away whereupon she opened her breast and shrieked: "This breast has nursed other sons who will yet wash their hands in thy blood." Not long after, the fairy woman's remaining sons waylaid Lord Owen at a certain gate, called to this day Llidart y Barwn (Baron's gate), in Cemmaes parish, slew him, and washed their hands in his blood. Prophet Jones's theory is this: "The fairies are the souls of heathens and others who lived without having heard the means of grace, and who, therefore, do not deserve so severe a punishment as bad Christians." "The reason why they are so numerous and active in Wales is that, in the eighth and ninth centuries, the Welsh lost the light of true Christianity and received Popery instead. This enabled the fairies to be bolder and more intrusive; and then, in Henry the Fourth's time, the hard laws which hindered the Welsh from educating their children, brought a total darkness on them, and so left them helpless against such beings. These laws were enacted after Owen Glen- dwyr had failed, foolishly thinking his nation could shake off the Saxon yoke before it had repented of its sins." To be concluded in our next. 