ANECDOTAL PHOTOGRAPHS- DON CARLOS. Chnrles Mary-of-tho-Sorrows John Isidore Joseph Francis Quirlnus Anthony Miguel Gabriel Raphaol, Duko of Madrid ; these names and that title none can oontest him : nor -the illustrious' lineage ofTthe Bourbons. This uneventful hero of a hundred skirmishes and an ugly law-suit, out of which he can scarcely come with entire eatisfaotion to him self, ia a veritablo descendant'of Hugh Oipst, of : St. -Louis, and of Henry IV. If blood meant merit,- Don Carlos ationld be a bora king of men, As a matter of- fact, naturo seems to have destined him for a philosopher who should unito tha - traditions of tha' oynio and opicurean schools, without having to bo too much in earnest about any tbiovy, or ooin- pelied to w.ork for It, H ui D m -O trios boon a wealthy Engli-h peer, ho would, imvo proved a Lord Steynq or a Lord Monmouth, with tha virtues and other qualities 'of those eminent noblemen, 1 His actual work in lifoup to this 'moment haB been tu drive as maiiy nails m pos sible into the oofflu of Legitimism — so calkd. "Ho 7 is" not : n ' bad .f-dtu-v but a man Itsa fitted to load tho forlorn hope of "Divine -Right " in this sooptionl ag- oin baldly bo imagined. Even iu the two years' wnr liis Irieuds waged for him ho' failed to ob tain that repute' ion which" would havd undo him tho idol of Q-iixotio Spaniards, and -ill truo tons nf that flue race ahare tho splendid folly of tho Knight of Li Minolta. Truo, it is not the busiuess of a gcnaral niodlossly to ex pose liimsolf, but rales whioh apply to tho c ip- tains of regular armies engaged in ordinary warfare do not bold good on nil ocoasiono. Rush odurago might liayo.dono moro to sat Don Carlos on tho throna of his uncsators than' the most careful study of the rules of Jomioi. V Recklessness," finely observes Ar nold, ".may occasionally be prudence." Ou trun, engaged iu n hill aampaifu, aifsotiona- tely apologised to'_ his mother for bis ouduot in the field, and his langaago so exactly in di catoa tho way in which Dtja Carlos should hove acted that it is worth fploting : — " If," he writes, "I have been carnod'uwny by enthuii- asm occasionally to expose myself uunecossa- rily, believe mo I shall bear your advioo in mind,a and abstain for tho future, In my situation, a little daring was accessary to obtain tho requisite iufluenco over the mill is of tho raw, irregular people I.commnad." Had Don Carlos ever headed a chargs of tho Six Huudr-d ho might still havo missed tho Crown of Spain, hut ho would have won the heart of tbe nation, and becom i at ioast a power iu his own country; have possibly enjoyed tbo aub-tanco, if not tho shadow. Having Bnid thus muob, ono is bouod to add that His Royal Highness has always displayed the common courngn which is expected of overy gentleman in tho face of tho enemy. In fact', tho chief fault which can bo attributed to D in Carlos is mediocrity. Hs is not a onward; but, in his peculiar position, he ought to loo a item. Ho knows something of history and politic, but tho foromost champion of a lofty Idea should bo able to strike now lights, and find fresher nrgunr.nts than such as are familiar to the editors of ten thousand journals and have been knocked to pieces again nnd again. Tho sinoorests of republicans would respicta pretender whoreally bellovodinhis own claims, pleaded for them in nobis words, and supported tbeih by doughty deeds, D in Carl js «oemi to think that a document carofu'ly diawn up by lawyers, ar il setting forth his feudal right, ii sufficient to entitle him to the allegiance of serious men. Unfortunately for him, n claim to the Crown of Spain oauuot bs argued before tho Ouurt of O unman Pleas, Waroitej, the case of Carlos v. Alfonso would very likely bo_ decided iu favor of tho formar, tbo milo heir of the Spanish lino of Bourbons having some very strong teolmical poluts on his side, though not a whit stronger than those which would enable the Dukes of Buckingham or Sutherland to assert a claim to the Crown o> England, or the Duke of Hamilton ono to tile Crown of Scotland, After Don Carlos had loft Spain in equal disgust, it woe whispered, at tha stupidity of Basque men aod tho virtue of Basque women, be tried to find some now sort of amassment by a tour rouud the world ; aud, in tho oureo of his perambulations, oame to Nsw York. Oece ut the Fifth Avenua Hotel, he was naturally accosted ia a few minutos hy tho inovitablo Herald reporter, "I chink, Prince, I have seen you before," began tbegoiitloia.ui. Hi- Royal Highness admitted tbo possibility of Buch a fact, and affably tendered a cigar, which waB duly accepted, The r.-porter after words observed in c mfid-mce that D -n Carlos was a gentleman, "but," he nddod, "I wish nil tbo same the fellow coiiU havo talked in a moro kingly way ; if ho had loftily snubbed me, it wmld have been nt lend, historically intircating. On3j seen quits enough of well-dressed ni'en witniui nufimited " power of pro-im?." Two of Don Carlos's statements during this interview, however, oro worth remembering, for they wore both perfectly sincere, Tile ono was that he meant to try again whenever he had the ohance- At tils eatno time, ho philosophi cally remarkod that he knew he had lions for the moment. Tho moment, by the way, has now laBted more than four years, Too other royal observation is n fresh illustration of a fact well known to all who have studied bna polioy of the Vatican. Reporter: "The Pops seems to be in favor of D in A'fonso." Don Carlos : " Oil, yes, just us ho would stand up for mo if I succeeded." It need scarcely be added, by way of com ment, that Don Carlos is sincerely religious. He might have missed a battle during tho Civil War, but no one could acsu-o him of failing in attendance at Mass. To an unofficial reporter, if I may so o ill him, D n Carlos expressed himself, with a g tod deal of fraukuess, about tho Bhindy he kicked up for tho enlivenment of Europe dating a couplo of dull seasons. "After all," ha ex claimed, proceeding to light n fifth oigarotte, " wo had rare fun." Part of ths said fun con- uloted in raising money by tho aalo of bigus titles. When tho idea avan first mooted, " tho King" was offended, but the liuanoc of ueoes-- sity knows no laws. And there avere such a number of comfortable persons in nil parti of tho world, from Boston to Bucharest, who like to have eomo ghost of pretence f-j wrHa ing on corouettod. paper. . A few facts and dates. Ho was born iii IS. IS, and hao consequently still plenty of life, nntl all ito varied chances before him. His father was Don Juan, brother of an nldor Don Carlos, who was styled " Oharlos Yf." by his friends, Tho present Carlos ii, there fore, "Oharlos VII.," and is rooignisod as such by an influential section of the Spanish ariatocraoy, nnd by many bravo peasunta of the northern provinces. The C-unt of Montcmolin (Charles VI.) diod in 1SG1, when his shadowy right passed to Don Juan, who roignod without anbjeots dur ing eoveu yonrs. Oo tho outbreak of tho rebellion of 18GS, Don Juan folt profoundly bored, for he was a quiet man, and had found the oxistenoe of an exiled prince who consents to behnvo docontly an oxtromsly pleasant ono, and now he know thoy would try and force him to abandon his easy-going life. Once Isabella avas definitely overthrown, be marchod out of tha difficulty by abdicating in favor of bio eon, who had beon married the previous year to ono of the innumerable Biurbon princesses who malco tho Royal marriaga- market bo pleasant a placo to ramble ab tut in. Tho nuptial blessing was bestowed in tho chnpel of Frohsdoiif, avhon tho "K-ng of of Francs " gave away the lirido, as w n m let nnd proper, tho Princess Margaret of Parma being nleco to hi3 Most Christian Majesty. I nm sorry to say that Henry V, nnd Oharlos VII. quarrelled ob soon as ono of thorn had n chnnoe of getting anything. Henry wanted to organise a unitid Bmrbm movemrnt in Franne, Spain, and Italy. Charles cared only for his peonlir dominion of Spain, Yet Charles is said to consider himself next heir to IIunry in tho lino of succession to the Frooch Crown. And, after fairly weighing tho pros and oons, ono niu-t acknowledge that ho might plead as fair reasons tor disturbing tbo penco of Frnnoo ob tho Count of Paris, should the fates ever rrm ivo tbo Count of Chsmbord to a bettor world. Don C irlos has five children, so that this wrotched squabble has every chance of boing_ prolonged till tha common eensa of humanity shall have put a contemptuous end to it.— Truth. Hollow »y'e Obitmont and Pilla.— Moro p-ocloui tlinii Oolil,— Dlarrlian, ilysoiitury, and cholvra uio, tl-rouili tho aunimor's limit, car. ylng oil tho young, as tlio whitor'ecold destroy tin ogublii tho most aouto cusoe, win ro internal inodLlnoi cuinot hi roUiuod, tho groutcBt icliol will lmniodl-'-tidv rcsu.t from rurblug Ilollowat's too'lilng ulntmont ov r tha nbdomon. Tho f-ictloii should bo frog-lint and brisk, t.-« lmuro tho jion-jtritloaof a 1-rgo p-rtlon of tlio Unpueui.l Tbls Obitiuoat calim tho uxolted po.-lst -I tic notion, anil soo'hoe tho piln. 11 -tip vomiting and grlp'ngyluld to It: wnoro fruits or vogotahlos novo orlglnntoil tho malady. It is iiropor tvrnuivo all . Indlg- stod inattor from tho botvlu! by a modorato UoJo 1 of Holloway's Fills before using the Oint-aout. 1 