OBSERVANCE - OF THE SABBATH. (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard. Sins, — It has been objected, that my letter on the desecration, of the Sabbath, and which you kindly .published/ in your Christian paper, viz., that I reproved as a profanation of God's Tiny, the babbatn, wnon 1 could snow th&u; tii6 day observed in the Christian. Church was the Sabbath. My argument' for such profanation, was net for infidels , or - for ,; Jews, who invert God's command when He says, " Remember to keep holy the Sabbath 7 day."; If it was against them I should deal with the subject on very different grounds, but it was for Christians, and for the information of , such objectors, I would trouble you to insert this letter in your next issue.;. .,' 1 would premise that that holy day was first instituted when man was 'innocent,' un- corrupted by sin, in Adam.< After, the law published at Sinai, required that the seventh day should; be , especially devoted to the immediate worship of God. This was fixed upon to commemorate the , finishing of God's work of creation ; the same authority which made this appointment could , make any alteration in it, therefore,. Christ, testifying his own deity declared, " The Son of Man is Lord also of the ' Sabbath." Now we know that during the life time of tho Apostles, a day was observed which was distinguished from other days by the title of the . Lord's Day. V The question is what day. was th'13 ? Certainly not the Jewish Sabbath, because we read, Collosians ii. 16. " Let.no man judge you in meat or in drink, or in respect Of' an holy day, or of the new moons, or of the' Sabbath." What , day did , the primitive Christians observed. I say; the first day of the week, our Sunday, a day of such commemora- . tion when the work of redemption was finished by Christ's resurrection : that is our Sunday. I prove, it by referencoto Acts xx. 7., inwhich we: learn that Christians usually met on that day- for divine worship, and the celebration of the Lord's Supper. "Upon the first day of the week when the disciples camo together to break bread, Paul preached unto them." The Captions and Caviller, when brought to the test of God's Word, if honest, must yield; The first day of the week was sanctified -when" a greater than that of the. creation- was finished 1 JT our Lord's rising from the dead. . .That day He most of all delighted to honour, and -He hath blessed it abovo all. other days. -, ! On that day He repeated His gracious .visits to His disciples after His resurrection, and / sent .down ; upon them, according to His promise, the miraculous effusion of the Holy Ghost : who then can refuse to testify his gratitude, by consecrating the day to such purpose as the work of redemption of sinners ? In tho Old Testament Scriptures we find God's jealousy of the observance of tho Sabbath, "The Lord com manded that the man who gathered sticks on the Sabbath Day should surely be put to death." — Numbers xv. 32 36. There was not one duty which the inspired prophets more strenuously enforced than tho sanctification of the sacred rest, and tho violation of it they threatened with the severest punishment ; putting it upon a level with adultry, dishonesty, and idolatry. — Jeremiah vii., Ezekielxx. Any man who will not devote the Sabbath, tho first day of the week, the Christian Sabbath, Sunday, to God, can have no respect for the Bible, no wish to get to heaven, but to live a natural life, grasp the sordid dros3 of the world, which perisheth in the using, in fact I may say are living without God and Christ in this world, and who never think of the dreadful end of being separated from Him in eternity. The first day of the week, Sunday, lias been observed by the Christian Church since our Lord left this world now over 1800 years, which is a proof of the design and appointment of Christ. The disciples solemnly assembled on first day, when their risen Lord presented Him self in their midst, the same occurred ou the next return of the day. — John xx. 19-26. The believers of Troas come together on that day, to break bread, that is to receive the Holy Com-' munion. , Is not our spiritual welfare; even our salvation involved' in this matter ?. They who would desire to root out religion from the earth; woiild, as far as .they are concerned, destroy the Sabbath; Woe unto them who call light : darknessj ! ' and d arkkess light. —Isaiah lviii. 13. 14. ' "If thou-turn thy foot away from, the/Sabbath,' from doing thy. pleasure on 'My holy :diiy ; and call the Sabbath a; fiblight, holy to the Lord honourable ; and sh alt honour Him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine /own- words : ; then shalt thou delight ' thyself in 'the , Lord ; arid I. will cause !tbee to ride upon tho high places of the earth; and feed thee with the heritago Of Jacob, thy father ; for the mouth, of thc'Lord hath spoken'it." Yours truly, THOMAS O'DELL. \- Morpeth, April 26th, 1880. 