Herr Bandmann and Miss Beaudet. The first appearance of Herr Bandmann in " Hamlet" could not have taken place on a more unfavorable night, as regards the weather, than on Saturday. But, in spite of the heavy rain, the old School of Arts was three parts filled with spectators, who evinced their gratification at the performance in a most enthusiastic manner at the close of each act. We believe no more artistic creation has ever been presented on the Brisbane stage than Mr. Baudmann'a Hamlet. From his first appearance he won the sympathy of his audience so completely that the slight German accent was lost sight of in the rare charm of earnestness, passions and deep pathos with which this accomplished actor invests the character. In the first act Hamlet has not yet been roused out of his listless melancholy by a passionate motive for revenge. His father's death and his mother's unseemly marriage have taken all the brightness from his life, and a listless misery darkens his thoughts and makes his existence a weariness to him. In voice and manner Mr, Baudmanu admirably conveys this settled despondency, and the startling contrast wrought by the disclosures of the Ghost, grief and rage henceforth taking entire possession of a noble mind, was most effective. There is an intensity about Mr. Bandmann Hamlet that gives it a most vivid interest. Here is the very man who, though " spurred by heaven and hell to his revenge," is yet withheld from executing his purpose by a too subjective mind. He has resolved that the murderer of his father must die, and yet instead of " falling all the region kites with this slave's offal," he broods over his revenge, and communes and questions with his rageful heart. Mr. Band- mann's impersonation throughout is marked by great power, and he shows that subtle discrimination of the author's meaning that finds new interpretations for passages that have puzzled students. Hamlet's unnecessary brutality to Ophelia is one of the incidents that gives color to the assumption that his reason is unsettled. Mr. Bandmann gives a far more intelligent reading of this sCene. He has caught sight of Polonius, and with quick suspicion divines that Ophelia has been set in his way as a tool of the king's. The sudden change of his manner to the hapless girl as this conviction flashes on him showed the truest insight into mental peculiarities of the unhappy prince. Oplidia, as presented on Saturday by Miss Beaudet, was an intellectual treat. We have no hesitation in pronouncing the character of the poor grief-stricken insane Ophelia, whose heart has been broken by the death of her father, and the supposed madness of her lover, Hamlet, as rendered by Miss Beaudet, to be an excellent impersonation. There was a tenderness and a touching simplicity in her sadness that appealed to the hearts of all present and brought news to the eyes of many. If Miss Beaudet is equally felicitous in her other characters there is a treat in store for the people of Brisbane. The play scene, wherein Hamlet catches the conscience of the king," was successful, and the wild exultation with which Hamlet hails the confusion of the King, and his precipitate withdrawal, was very powerfully expressed. In the interview thereafter with the Queen, his mother, Mr. Bandmann acquitted himself admirably. Miss Lily Marsh took the part of the Queen in a very pleasing style throughout the play, and particularly so in this scene. Remorse for her own shame and guilt, deprecation of her son's just anger, and appeals to his natural affection for her was so well delineated as to call forth loud applause and an unmistakable recall, In the fifth act the grave digging occurs, and the conversation between Hamlet and Horatio takes place. The parts of the two gravediggers were well renders by Messrs. A. Andrews and J. Welch. The last scene of the fencing match and the final discovery of the uubated and on vernon point of the soil which causes the death of Laertes, the King, and Hamlet, together with the poisoning of the Queen, brought the great tragedy to a close. The performance was such a decided success that we rejoice the public will have another opportunity of witnessing it to-night. We must not omit to mention the performance of Polonius by Mr. J. Welch, which was a really good piece of acting and the parts of Horatio and Laertes, as represented by Messrs. N. Vane and J. P. West, were also successfully sustained. 