LOCAL INTiSLUGEtfiiE. THEATBK ROYAL.—The Dement Dramatic Club announce that they will appear in a new and oripinnl drama entitled the " Golden Plough, on Tuesday evening, December IT. ,' The^GHOST.—As will ITA^een by our J?pJi5e report, there was a big muster^f regular and incidental attendants at the Police Court, in the expectation of seting the Ghost. His Ghosfehip did not put in an appearance, but at half-past 2 be bad an interview with the Mayor aid Aldermen, in commitiee, at the Coundil Chambers. [ : SNAKEB.T—With the warm weithfer snakes are getting very numerous jn some of the suburb*, We heard of]a case where a very valuable dog was bitten and died in a short time. I THE ANNUAI, BBGATTA.—A preliminary meeting was held on Thursday evening at the Bird-in- Hand Hotel, Atgyle street, to arrrange about the annual regatta, and to wind up the accounts ol last year. It was decided to hold a public meeting next wet Is, or some day to be fixed by the Mayor. It. wae suggested that Tuesday, the 8tli February, would be a suitable day lur. holding the annual iete, being a vreejk later than usual, and a period when.the city is full ot visitors. THIS A. A. DEGREE. —The prelim inar) Examination took placc yesterday ; aiid lo-day the general Examination be^in, and will close on Monday." the 13th instant. ATTEMPTED SOICIDE.—Joseph Tacey, who was on Thursday received into the Hospital with serious wound to his throat, is still alive, but in a very dangerous condition. LOCAL BREVITIES-^William Ibbott, who escaped from the General Hospital whilst laboriug under demention, has arrived safely at his uncles residence Old Beach, iu better health than when under examination—The weekly meet ing of the fixcelsior meeting ol the Benevolent Soeiety was held on Thursday. The Kegistrar reported 42 cases, comprising 181 individuals relieved! New Government cases were dtalt with. Four new Applications w«ro enquired into; three ot theui being relieved, but the third; where the man had been offered work in the wood yard, was refused. At the monthly sitting of the Court of Requests befoie Mr. Com. missioner Tarloton, on Thursday last a large number of undefended cases were disposed ol. There were several defended cases, but ol' no great public interest, and these were decided upou their merits with tbe Commissioner's usual even handed justice. From Launceston correspondence we learn from Melbourne, that Commodore Wilson intends tu make the port of Hoba;t Town a j.'ay one during the season, by inviting the foreign meu.oi- wa r ,t present in Victoria, to visit us, and also trying to induce the Victorian u„th r. ities to send us tue Nelson man-of-war" with a number of their voluntas to join ours iu a sham Eght—1 he .varies institutions are all in the midst oi their annual change of Councillors, and consequently pretty W Local jealousies and likes and dishes being calUd to the surface. ANOTHER DISGRACEFUL SCENE.- We have to compliment the Licensing 5 nc j t h eir firmness in having refused licenses to several houses in our midst, and which are without doubt a disgra.ee upon any civili«d city. One of their number, however, appeals determined to make the most of the little time a their disposal. At the Help.Melb rough the-World a most disgraceful scene occurred yesterday forenoon, i„ which several women who were drinki.. ff at the bar were implicated. The land lady also made herself most unpleasantly conspicuous helping her comrades to make the whole neighbourhood a mo« shameful scene to witness. We trust the Superintendent of Police will not allow such lawlessness to exist without introducing a remedy both immediate and well directed. GRKASY WOOL—THE highest price realsed for greasy wool in Melbourne was 18d. It belonged to Mr Taylor of lasmania. tox-The English papers lament (hat tue colonies did not make a better exhibit at lb- Food exhibition i 0 Lo». don. Splendid fruit was hhowu Ircm America. 