AN ABCADUN EEVENQE. Bt Jj,hh Fatx. 11 Dxreim upon II, my dear ilr, th«« Is a ajttcm at oompsossiUon : I, lot example, occupy a position In the country beyond my talents, while yon possess lelenta that art considerably above what is neeefsan— ahsn —to a person ol you condition of life.' This amiiing ?peach was addressed lo me confidentially, in the smoklng-roeci of our common dob one eight, by Mr. Dornoway Dloke, after wa had dined togelbar for lh« first lime. It was late ia August I the dab was empty, end I had invited him to join tables, though I knew him to b. an ais, ralhar than due aloha, Tbe bad man may tike a solitary meal without moNl oamacu, and even tojthe publio advantage, slno* the enstsm Is unwboletome, and tends tA ibortsn llle;buttothegoodmanUiibamfol. His thoogbts, constant aa tb* nsndla t4 the pole to what Is pore w4 g«J, an natonlly attracted to himself, and hia benevoluit aoUona, his oxoeUeut motives, ^m wholo ?huMleaajwreor, past in review before hi* eyes, aadiio beoomea self -oonaolous and self eomplaoabt. Bather than run tho risk of this, hiring ordered my own modest repast, I look/d up at Dorcoway-DIcko, who, with hia dug painfully filed in bis eye, was snnSng the wme 'limited carlo' for the day/ in doubt (as I giioasod) about the frondi dishes, and obaorvod, 'Shall we dim) to gether P' and he had replied, courteously, ??'Charmed, I am sure,' ,; As a matter of fagt, Mr. Doraoway- Dicke wsa a man not ouy to obsrm ; it was not In Genius (iboupb up to thai dale I don't think It had over trird it) to do i-' ; and I believe ?ven Buauty heuf If %Un\i have (ailed in lh« attempt, nnleai ahe had had a title lo baok her. Mr. Dlcke'a weakoera was for a lord— a very common one, of course, but in bis case Unusually pronounced, ;:lli» conversation was studded with titles as the firmament la wltb start ; ai;d he waa in rtapeot to them what Mr. Garlylc, jn relation to spiritual Ihingn, -;all( 'lorribly at eate in Zlon'i that is, be waa shockingly familiar with earls and viscounts, while a» lo Urounlr, he would refer to them by tbelr Obrirllan Damns. To ?ay that kia view* upon i.ll nmitcra werr ODtninonplsou would have hcin UillcriDg tn bis Inlnlllgcnco ; Ihoy wcio couvi'Ulioual to anbllmlly. ' Ghost ftoniiB *i« iilismd,' arenns Oolc ridge, ' bioauio, ilnuuli miu loll us thdjr have had ruoli an - i|n rluooi', if ? man did n-ally ever «ou what hn ncluiilly believed lo bp f. gli'iK', Idin'nj huulil ut uuee tu\tet vpne ;' but I firmly btliivp Hint Dornoway. Dlokn would luvo tun a ghoM without iht Icaet injury l» lil» liitbllictual powers ; nut because lid «»- I'lii'i.dj uu iilict, but (indo. pundrntly of thai) tutaneo ao UROouvvniiuoal a snbjuct uh luo ptipdinalural had nevur entered hia mind. II thu glioi.t had a lltlr, then, indeed, au impresalou might have bean made, l,nt it would have been produced by Ms temporal, not hia spiritual, lordship. In all matters which nxerclsv the human mind, from Iboology lo American bowls, he took not the^fainUist Interest ; but I had been informed— ani) warned— that upon tbe anbject of the dignity and position of the Dornoway-Dlcko family be could and would be very difluan If you wire not careful. He was a man, in thort, lo nod tv, but i,ot lo apeak with, unless the rocunj of escape w«r* handy. Still, laic In Augual, (it » tendon dub, one csnnol efford to bx pirticnUr, and Laving auoh wlrong uiurul roatotn lit not dining alouo, I had lo ifine with Doruoway.Dloke, There was one oircumetanoo, however, that really did attract mo towards this gontlomun, and made uio wish for a closer acquaintuiKso. It woh a much-debated question in tho club whether fan wore u wig or not, and I wanted to aolve'it. If hu did do eo (for even after dining with him I was not euro), they were the beet wigs that over ware. 1 say wiga, becauao ho must have bad lots of thaih, for his hair was sometimes short and sometimes long, and sometimes just as it ouitht to ho in the case of a fashionable young gentleman of flfty.four. For thoro was this disadvantage about the distinguished position of tho Doraowoy-Dicko family, that, beini; in tho peerage — though it zmiBt bo confessed in a very remote atad 'presumptive' fashion— tho man's age was known to a nicely. There was then this point (as to his wig) to be cleared up, which promised mo oome liltlo excitement, and I was also curious to know whether bo talked ot ' tho Land' as though it were alive, whioh I was assured ho did. My Information upon this point, as it turned out, wan correct* The one supremo effort of originality which Mr. Dornoway-Dicko hod modo was to per sonify tho landed interest in this peculiar fashion. ' What tho Land wants, sir, bo woald observe, very slowly and mojosUcally (so that you had plenty ot timo to euggost to yourself ' top-dressing,' 'onnrouteB,' and what not)— 'what tho Land wants, sir' (ho always repeated this charming phrase), 'is fair play.' 'Iho Land' wonted so many things in the course of- our conversation at dinner that I hed begun to think it some what oxacting, and indeed to get a little impatient ot Mr. Dornowoy-Dicke himself. Vat I am never, or at least hardly ever, di«. oourteoos, and tboogh botad to extremity, like a wooden ship, exposed to tbe aetion of the Teredo nevalis, I endured It as though I bad been made of Iron. I had arked the man lo dinner, and In one senae had certainly paid for It, so frit constrained by Ibe lallti of hospitality Iu be ofvll Ml the meal was over. When it was finished, and we repaired ' lo the mnoklns- rpon, I had no sneh aoroplo. ' Tbe Tine.' aeya the elastic anlhor, ?' is tbe Evoker of Trutb,' and this I) even still more the oase with tbe Cigar. Imagine, then, my indignation at that amazing remark of my companion. 'J, fur example, oocuny a potlttvB ? ti- tbe country beyond my talent*, while yon posstM talents that arc considerably above what is necessary— ahem— lo a person of you oondillon in life.' ?? Prav.' said I, ' Mr. DornowBV-Dloke. oonflne your ObservaUont toyonnelf, as you generally do. As to your talents, I have no reason to doubt your own modest estimation of them, but as to you position in the oonsl; t, I waa not aware that yon bad any.' I hope ibis was not rude. I »pok* in the gentlest tonae of whleh thi hatsao vrioe— or at all eventt my voice— Is oajjabla, and in a manner that waa oertainly winning, for I felt that I had scored. Tomyastoalsbmaat, Hr. Donoway-Dicke lemained quite on rnfflsd; be earelullv removed the aah from tb* end of bis dear with his signet-ring, and toswsnd, qoUUy. almost hnmbly, 'You qoiu mlstau me. I aald my position la thi wiMrfrv. of whlob, as you ttll ms, you know nothing. Too an not, then, familiar with fisHftefwur»lshl» V »I was certainly not, I had heard ef It, of coarse, but I bit myself f ortoaate In not having to bmU It, ??Abt I thought w,' ha- eontlsmsd, blandly' You abonld com* down to Done way Court and see me M home. Then you woild unaersUBd .why I don't oltentr visit Xondon. In town I am, comparatively spuUng, nobody, but l- IbngalwiiraaUhin — What do yon aay, now, tornnalng down toosforthatotweekinSepUttbtrr1 Five Dlmtee btfon I shenld hate saU u Mo ' without the al%ht*Bt beaiUUos t bnt ihe ontogaous vaalty of tbe mail's manna Uckbd me to the core. I felt eattous'so aet «ho» natives of (Utgdwnnabhln to whom Mr. Dornomy-Dleke appesied to be a paraon of Inpsrlattos, and, menovar , I had not yet discovered whether he won a trig or not. ' Tbt (ml part ot a wig,' lays thi old riddle, ' si of live, U the ptrtbg i' bot Itr. Dornuway- Dlcke's aartuw was parftot, sad ao dallsats that one would have almost atld It bad bMD effected by ? tattle hand. Among the elmnler lahablUaU ot Arcadia he might take law extreme preeaotlotis to deceive the publio 1 and h« oattalaly would not get Us hair out, If cut It *vtr was,ao often. 'I will come to Dornoway Court with pleasure,' I said j end on in* appointed day I want. After luncheon we all repaired to tha lawn tennis ground. ' What » capital lawn yon hav» I' obumd the Duke, 'and what a good plan that It ol divldlni you noon* I' Ha waa rslatxlni, ol eo«M. to Uwimi 'it «rae a plan of my wife's,' obMrved Mr. Dorooway4-lclu [ for, ai the other lawn wat vacant, that* was really no cted to intimate thai it belonged to somebody else. A gll| youth of tbe county and one ol Its gilt yoqoR Isdlu were eeleolsd for rnifl aids, aud lili Gnoe and Misa Dornoway Dloke for Ihe othsir. tb» rest of the comnaay stood rnusd In altitudu of rrapeelful admiration, They wore joat about to begin whan the Duke observed, ?- Hullo I what the deuoa la this t' Th» Bxelamatlob waa caujid by ihi- appear, anoe of tin. Titbat, ?ptendldly Mini, and followed by all her maid-servants 1 eome of them carried baakete of linen, and olbers lines atad doltsea-propa. In Ihe count of a lew minutea tb) whole ol (lie Tltbal lamlly llnsn was hanging on lha Una ; some ol the aitleles were very pronounced in «Uape. and became moeli mom so when Inflated by tbe brceio, whleh alro (as tuny were purposely hunf close to (he wlro f.'ncftifi) oarriad Ilieir graoeful folds right ovor tbo Duke's hraJ, The game was begun, but prosenUy an ircmoaso petticoat breke loose, and after eddying doubtfully for a few momenta, settled upon tboDuke himself, who emerged from it with difficulty, and tvith a frightful execration, Uo throw down his rocket, and paid something I oould not ostchj indeed, I Hod Into a neighbouring arbour and gavo myaolf up to tuoh paroxysms of mirth an almost threatened ino with dis solution. I was oonsolous of great oiollfmont among the company wIUiOul, and heard what sounded like the hurried departure of eonin of I hem, but I was positively inoapoble of Mcsrlalalng what was wing on. The vision of all MatiKelwniEnlsblru'n noblost. aa they stood nrouod that fatal place, and protended to igncro the fact that- the very firmament |wae darkened above thorn by the Tltbnt family linen 1 and than tba upoctaclo. of that potliooat de- sounding upon hi* Grace's brow, and of hlmBelf oninrdin(f from it, waa always too much for me. I sat in the arbour and fairly wept. 1'rt'aently, after several eovero relapses, I became oonsolous of a oompanlon. Besido me rat a little man, bald aa a knob on thn centre of a front door, and ?wearing softly, and as it were thought fully, to himself. It was only liy his voloo that I rcoognlwd Mr. Dsrnoway-Dioke. ' My dear Dioko,' I iminnurud, for I felt it noooaaory to nay something, '? why are you horo t why art) you not entertain ing' — I did n't venture to luontiou lha Duke — ' your eucsta f ' - 'Ho'sKonp, hu raid. It was plain bn was only thinking- of »no of them. ' It woe nil on lUMomit of that inforna) Mr). 'I'itlinl. Il'a hftr own poll looatj It'amarkod rrifliauMnndaT.' I nodilod, and hold out uiy lisfnT'at though to cnlroai him lo eiwru liiuinclf Iho recital of tho ciitanlrnphu. I fall n.'uily to expire. ' ilul arc all Uie rest of tlio people gonuf' I murmured. 'Whaldolcaro? Tcb. No. What a torrllilo day.' ' I!ut, my J^ar l-lcke,' I said, l)ii|rlnnlrj(f sincerely to pity hloi, ' it vrill never do for you to utoji hero 1 you must not dvscrl your friunda.' ' No, lhat'i truo,' he anewornd. rising fcably and movini; towards tho Ijouho. ' But you liave forjiottim aoinctking.' 'Hnviilf Whatf Oh y«s my vrifr.' It lay on the floor of tho arbour whom he hod flung it in hia frouty. Ho aloojwd aud put it on mechanically and hind before. Thia I ventured to remedy, and holhankod mo in fooling tones. 'Do you think bo will over conic again t' he whispered, oagerly. 'He was very an»ry. He thought Ihoy woro our own clothes hung out to dry. I »howed him the M. and tho T. Hut. he would pay no attention. It Is a dreadful Mow.' And it really hurt poor Dornoway-Dicko exceedingly. He hod not risen the noxt morning when I curao up to town, and all tho family were vory much oppressed, u though thcro hod boon a death in the housn. Ho has been to tho club once since, in a taoro beautiful wig than ever, but of oourse it can novor deceive me. I asked, ' How ara all at bornu f 'Pretty well, I thank you,' be said 1 ' that Is, as voll aa can he expected. He has never beon near the place slndb.' Of course I knew that by tho personal pronoun ho meant ' the Dnko.' Important aa my host's position In tbe couutry may he, it ia not my Intention to deeeriba ' Mr. Durnoway-DlelM M nomt,' aa tboogh be w«raapuku-clura«t«f. BofSce it to sr.jr that he waa better at home than abroad (or at leot, In London) ; and -as his family were pleasant people, and bis boos* full of onterfnl company,'! did out ngret my visit. The ' Court,' as ha 1st ad to call It, waa, however, so peculiar that I must say a few words about It. It was the only adltee with which lam acquainted which gratified «d»'# jeans d hnmtrur. It »»« quit* spick and-span as reapsets newness, but ballt and famished In th. mrdlnval atylr. A gravel drive, rallfd to Derfeotlon, lad no to a fiowomg eutraoct, with a hng» oaken portal, la which was lawrted a little hoi* barred with Irou for purposes of espial. Through this th* port*r was eapposid, (thongh he' never did It) to take oogclianos of 'the ap prsaeUng vi»ltor, and, U p»»t»« ol, to oebar themaasivs bolU of tb* peat door to bt him in. ' Rvarylhlcg to tbe hens* wu appsrtotly of the same epoch, bat in twllty abont three ysars oh). In tb* dining-room waa a fireplace aa big as w ordinary parlour, and before wblok on* would not have brm surprised to n» a pair of trunk-boa* suing, orserapkofajsek-bnti. To* sideboard, to tb* modem M-d itwtMle *y., renmblada kitchen dreaier t wfaus In tbe tnoralag-room wu a splnmtfwhecl with th* flax ia It, aa though the thrifty housewife had- just bate called away from that occupation to saperu tsad tb« »o»stracticn of a venison pasty, 't tolwueerjtrsiiir the -nterteiam*nt of th* company inriud tothcmorrow'itonnsaisnt. Ties* rUfswou objects, as I soon dis covered, wen designed to psrsoad* tbe public that the Domoway-Diekes Ibemstln* were madianral,andfaalre«idsd at tb* 'Court' for tbe last six buntred years. Whereai, as a mstler of lad, th*y war* new-comers. In to* country, even though you are distantly oonna«i*awUhUiepeera«rtbl-lsaierbtu obstacle to ' position,' and the whole ol my boit's tftanitt* lnUUMi wai eonemtrated 00 ?tUiaingU. HehadU««i'eriledupon'.»t obm by every out in Ibe eotmly within ? alrmit ol twtaty-flv* niUt, fMept Om. I write It revacwlWly with a capital 0, (or it wu ' Th* Duk«,' I em not ol «mi. ?psaUng of the Isle Dako ol Wrlilogton ; In Usnuelwumlihtl*, m In «very other cfiunly, Ihe Dak* was the duke *bo lived thttt— his Oraos ot Turolplopf . ThU divinity tna still a young «»«, unmarrlad, aud nnt maou glvtfl lo otli on anybody ; and for Uireo losg years aU tbe efforts of th* Dorni.wr.T.DItlici bad besn nnavalUng lo Induce hUn to honour the ?? Ooart' wttb bis au«uat pn»eeo.«. T« 0 months ago, however, ba had tent bit card by a mounted masitnger, and 00' montu ago— oh, Joyol {on I— lie had aecupttd aa invitation to ? garden party at Ihe bousa for oat ot th* very days on which L was to rtmslnitagosit. ^ U wu jut aflM thlt graolooa promise had UangheolbslMr.DoroowBy-DiekeMinsdn hli appsaraBS* at Ihe dob, to nak« amngt- . mtsts With OuntM 1 and ngw tbat I tuf w ibe elreomalftBoa'a, I was not only not surr-ritaa at ths tgagnlflooaof of bl« di'inTiuiont as that oooaaUD, hut ulonUh»d that La should have been ao affablt ?? hn waa. Mr private impression la that lie ntkr 3 ui» Su*» I' Doncwty Court net ao much from rwipouitl afleellon u to Jncum eu aJJIUinM wilmno to bis social triumph ; Lut that i« i' Ubi r here nor ibsra. Tho Dnki- v.b« oomi' m, eu-i the family wem in a elntn ol noiicinuut rare, I should liopr, iu lUnvull, «t'.-i wA btblluslly eihlblloc) even i-l Hro»tira»jr. Tbs great subject of liiroauhion unjtn (b*m for weeks had bn-u, trha era* Iu 1'- invited to mast tha Dnko f aud It waa nut MthauiUd yst. Svarybody— wbo v.nn nuy body-had beau atkert excout the Tllb-n,- and tb* knotty point that ouuld u»l bu anttled waa whether thcao peoplii bboalil bo ?Iked or not. Ouptain and Uii. TiUnt «er» their immadiale nrlgbbDura; thrir lawu Isnnls grounds were, In fact, eonlli:unar, and tfao two fttnlllM, IliODgli rtol nkesluul}' on a friendly footing. w*-« wnll konwn to onn another. Toung Tltbai,,wlion a pbyr v.a» wauling, bad sometimes -ivt-n liiicn ii,sU-ii to make np Ib* party at tlai-tr Ikvaiitu amusement 1 and when the balls w.nt ovri' the wire feDOo Ibat ar-paial«d llw two domains, the juvenlln TllUts Ji.1 n«t prelcud (at some yonn« p»oplo would) tbjt they vwn loat, bat would bcoostly obuck tlicio l'ncli again. Btlll, the Tllbats wi.n, uol niu.inil Iba Ooonty l'amlllci, mi «nylhli-K lit' H. Their efforts-far mor*'dea|n.iato limn lliomt of Ihe Doronway.Dlokea— had mimruVIv and utterly failed In that dlrtcliou. It vim iml BO mooh that Ibalr aautl--n wu lm- uuiull lo be reekenei as a country lmun . t^sil Ihalr paddook could not by nny sltaiu - I oourl«»y be c«ll«J a park, or thai lliflr ??na,- mintal lake wai au nndenlable panil. 'l'li'rn was romalblng amiss— I ni^vcr couli lluo. out what— about Mrs. Titbat. She waa a woman-I onco bahtM h«r. w- under elroumatencas I can u«v«r torx't — of Urga propoitloua and birauU asuoct (indM-il, sb* bad a very reapMUble bwtd) ; her oomplexlois was rubicund, and la the un cbaritafal* might **«m to lndlca(« tl»t oho lnduWad in llqaor. though 1 uev' heard that ah* did «. Whatever waa uroug «ltl- her had bappanad » long »v,o that It wm.UI hav* bsen tooh better aud Utxl'r of hor fallowHiwatorsi to havo forfiolt.u It. «»l the fact nmalsed that Mm. '1'ltloi wax u«t ' vlslud,' an would it'* DornowiyDickM hav* draamad of asking b«r to llielr Rirdun party «xe*pt for that eootliriilty, to whlel- I Lave rafemd, of tbelr lawn.ttat.n r,t-^'»-- Toe Duk*, ll was known, wat Ht-voitJ to Ihi gam«| and If thn twu ground' c-iuM -»' thrown lalo one, it wat frit r,v «ll ttie lnm!l- tbat it woold have l»eu ^n Ibi»-»' lmproven»at, This couW a«rn. ly b ? titir.t, however, without asking hhr. Tnb»t parmlssloa, «nd; »l-u ,th« pleisiirn «' '?- compacy ; and upon the nhiito h »»u ju'j!i'. bsat to laave mattnia aa Iliey *- r». 'li;' wire fSDclng hi t*'M0 th» t'« l**r« »»? '? vary slight ib»i lh'7 rwilly loiki J '- l'= '?' sad th* aatnc, -rid aa thin: --.,a I'.oti'y ground for thn I)uk- t« pl»y 'l-''1. '?« t'u ' probably u«« ul«,.v.r that Imili ih» !?-«? ' AU not belong to Dornu. -- Cuuii. In ib* ooiirau ol llio ituinaoy ihtt in 1 ? ? between the junior momti-rt ut tb» t»o families, Ibe yuuon Durmmuj-Dietr., witi- ?.. frankness chsraoteiisilcjl lj'e» »!?:'. -'»?? '??' tbe young Tllbata that ibo Dak* w»« c-nj: ??« OU Pridsy to play lawn Uuui», but ti.at nor.11 bat tip-top (not Tilbal) ptoplo wtie to lio asked to meet him; nor ».- -? veil [this 1 IL.. worst, for it had cirlaiiily \\-uu lilnlnd Ly aider members ol the lamlly, l» ym« of il.u auggetled amalgam* I It o -l Uk iw»»» RrooDds, that «uoh gwid i.tlKbtauM si Captain and Mrs. Tilbat w«uU e«tBlnly ,. included In Ihe Invltatiuu het. T.i exn «u what loHow* 1 mwl-ad* lual MrF. Tilbal herself was firmly pctsBadtd that 1 1 1- - '^M be among the giMl*. a'd was tr»n«P'irt«4 .'.blhe Idea ol (1; fur lUtotoll ^\'* meet IL* Dukeof Tuinipmpn' («n «« kl^oi on the oardV) wa* lo MangolwuiKflahlm liko btlog pmented at cun.i, and at c«e LotU wbluwsshed and gilded ti.o in,.ud. Ono baa htard ol the iro of U«- l'K'-'« *J-^ robbed ol bar young, but what i« thai wl..n compared with the Han. ?;« ojloa 0' a la-ly of blemished rapuUUoo who had porp.iad«4 bsraelftJaat it will be rehahlllUlod. and that to thi ttolt .Pl«»4jd luMw. and |ih« fuddspl* finds Ibal the lias birn «Uon tho cowl ahonWerf Mrs. T.tU.l Ml act,.) y ordered a dress from Iiondon in whwh 1 to appear befor* hia Grao. ol Turnlptop'. auJ the sight of It, as ii buog nsilaaa In h« wardrobe, envinoawd her *y°^^0«'J* though in* bad worn It, aod it bad been tho Tl& »«? rf ''P9 *? ^ very lut, botwbon Friday »«'»J»j[«ri'_' and no invitation bad cotne. &lf-i;'™t ? her mpJ. and was replaood by the duslre te ^urM^e. Xf the Dorooway-Dickes iould iStbiV. known what was pwftng : tattat Injured lady's mind, they Mfc' havelbewremlndedof thoaewnrnlw«ne» '?Mstwh«mourUloat»ioi»iallrf,y.-U»Uof out ? j££ik br pr«» l» «'»» ''* iw ha' Kaax OewritJboilUn,1' or even U that quotation b«d not occurred to them, I am qu«o so' ihey would have asked he* to Weir garden party even at that eleventh hour. The gvmU arrived, and to due oour»e — that la to say, ixoeedinnly late— tha . . r-,ke. Themertlagot hlsChMesndrny host and Botttaw was ponluvcly affecting. ^hwbt^Dornoway.Dicke woofd nwiTSawojr ttefcbwW Wd, *nd that bis wife would bare kissed It Howev«, he got away at lart to luncheon. About Eolnndwofpeople satdown to it, a eeleofe twenty on medtovalehalrs. and thereat on much more oomforiable bnt common ones. ? A doien of the lairtbad «««n,b-mO'r^' days ago, by the housekeeper, fJ1^^* nbtVa*V« knowledge, from tbe TitbMai. The ho* «njiryed fimself a* most people 4 ^ donnder eunllatolrciimsUnceii thatla to . ? say, he vraslntcitaalyjnlserabUand anxious, ? ' tot buoyed trp bytfre tiionght thatit wonld ;; all be over presently, and he would haw .; 'hia friend the Duke of Turnlptops' «- t ; .: talk about for the rest ot his natural life- ? ; . .,?' j towyst ls*«ly d*f*nd*d a criminal nnineoett^'; ; ;?« ; ..* foUyTandrtlheand ot U-.,trialJr^tt4»J vt;?: ^ bumWy craya that ttwiime «Ml4M:~b-JM^f--v pSirfiK oMnoil to;thsd^ew»b.«uaWl &:;| s; fattSMttlNtM,': '.?:}}&/:'?, ;-S&\\.j}%4g^-&£- 