%hk\tt. ' CHINESE MYTHS AND STORIES. A very remarkablo fact concerning ChinoSB folk-loro is tho strange similarity between Cuineae myths and stoiies and those of Western Europe. Horo is a talo, tho aniloguo of whiju is found almost everywhere in Western folk-lore. Tho Severn SiecDeis of EnliMiiH. tbo rnedimiul romanco of Ogior In Dunois, and the old Gaelic legend on wbijh th.t romunuu ig basod, ot Odin's sojourn in the land ot youtn, are a few of tho many forms which it tikua in the West. Tbe Chinese story ia us follows : — 'Two friends wundor amo.g tho mountains culling simples. At a taiiy bridge, the azure bridgo, ihoy find on guaid two maidens of more than earthly beauty. 'Corno acioss tho bridge,' cry tho maidens. °Tbis done, the trieuds are ted on huina (hemp, tue Chineso hasheesb), and fulling deoply in love with theu hoBtesso.', Bpend with them in th« Jasper City what toeras trio short though blissful period of a few days. At length they aro seized with a desire to visit iheir earthly homo, aud on getting back they find that seven generations have pished, and they have become more than centenarians.' Tuo story is given ia the Liao chai ohih yi, with tho date, a.d. 60 to 70, and tho name3 of the two friends 1 ? Another equally oiruumstantial tale reoords how Wang Cuin, one ol the palriarohs of the Xuouiat sect, was ono day gathering fire-woou iu the mountains of Ku Cnow, wnen he entered a grotto whore some old men were deep iu a came of chess. He laid down hia axu and wntouuU them ; whereupon one ol the old men banded him what looked like a datti-utune, tdhiog him to put it in his mouth. No soouer bad he tasted it than he ceased to feel hunger and thirst. By-and-byo ono of hoie; you should go home now.'' Wang Cnih neat lo take up his axe, and found tbe handle had mouldered into dust. Undismayed, however, ho went home, but found that centuries had passed since he went out wood-cuttiog. No vestigu ot' his kinsfolk had remained.- The end of this tale is certainly ud-European ; lor Wuns} Cui:i rotrouts to a cell in the mountains, nn'i devoting himself to religious exercises, finuliy uttaine immortality. Sometimes the ruiscaievoua fairy is almost identified with one of the inormey tribe. Thua a rna i with a Very pretty wife, travel ling nb^r Chang-tin, was warned that hmd by lived a bhea who was given to woman Btealing. He hid his wifo in an innor room ; but in tho fourth watch of tne second night she waa carried off. He sought her high and low, his roramuic and perilous adveuture bein,; described fn The llUtory of the White ^Monkey, by Kuug 'i'siiig. At liiat he tainti to a utone door in the lace of a mountain. Some women, who were passing in and out, told him hi3 wife wub there. ' Get us,' said they, 'ten doga, two barrels of spirits, and a quantity of hempen rope, aud we will try to deliver her for you. After all these thing3 had been provided, the shoa came in, und drank the spirits und ale the dogs, und while ho was gorged uutA uuiisaitqq iuu vfuuiuu oouuu mm tu ixiu bed. They called in tha husband, who tound that he wa3 an onorinouj monkey, lie straightway killed him, and set free, not his own wife only, but many other women who were hold in captivity. Talking of monkeys, we may remark ttiat thoy, as well us men, are supposed to bavo. ghoBts. A mart in Canton, named Ling, had a yuan monkey in hi3 family forty .years. This species is supposed to grow to a very lnrge size if it ia allowed to drink plenty of water; and as Ling preferred a small monkey, his pet was kept on short water allowance. One day the monkoy auatobed a oup out of ihe hand of Ling's youngest son, and drained jt off. The father gave him a good whip'ping, where upon the monkej sulked, refused food, and died in a few days. Soan after, his ghost begun to haunt tbe house ; strange noiseB wore heard, food unaccountably disappeared, and at last a. fire broke out. Ling moved into another house, but tho ghost moved too ; and at last he was com pelled to take refuga in tho temple of the rive hundred worthies. Here the ghost did not dare to follow him ; and not many years ago tho family might bo seen housed in the temple, everybody in tho quartor knew for what roaaon. Gho3tti \?honi nobody owns, 'spirits of poor men who had died at street oornere, and such like, are, not unnaturally, mulevolant. Thoy cauao epidemics, and liave to bo driven off by firing orackors ; or, if people prefer appeasing thorn, they Bet out plates full of c.kts, with invitatiouB to ' tho honourable homeless ghosts.' The ghoBla of suioiaes arc particularly difficult to bo appeased ; their uolo aim iu lifo (or rathor in deatb) seems to bo to induce others to do as they havo done. If you Bleep in tho room where anyone hanged himself or herBtlf, you are sure to reoeive during tho night a prising invitation to oomuiit felo dc se. At Hang-ohow, by tbe north gate, was a house bo haunted by demons that it was to be had a bargain, A scholar named Ta'fti bought it, and siace noue of his family would go. with him, went to sleep there alone. He lighted a oandie, and kept watoh. At midnight a woman oame slowly in with a red silk handkerobief round htr neok, Baluted him, tied a rope to a beam, and put her neck in it. Tu'ai watohed her, but did not obange a muscle. She then fastened up another mpu, and invited him to put his' head in likewise. He laughed, and, lifting up his foot, put that into tho noose. 'You're wrong,' said she. 'No,' ho replied ; ' you woro wrong years ago, or you'd never have done what you did.' Tho ghost gave au exoeoding bitter cry, bowed to Td'ai, and departed ; and from that timo the hoiiBo was no more haunted. Td'ai after ward rose to great distinction, as he do sorved to do, ptiueiug all hiB examinations, and booominn provincial oouuoillor. Ohoats nro oftou introduced into Ctunene p\\\ys,~iknd iu uno fares the ghost turns the . tables on his would-ba exorcist. The prieat oomeo in with big gong, robes, mitre, etc., but the ghost catobus hold of tho gong, anc beats tho devll'n Uttoo on it, claps the mitre on his own head, strips tue prieat of his roboe, and vows he'll exorcise hia revnrence. ' Oh, your Excellency,' whimp»rB tho priest, falling on hia knees, 'had I knosn you'd really been in the house, I'd never have come near tbe place. I only camo to try to earn n few cash.' The ghoat, however, exorcises him without mere?, and he has to decamp minus his paraphernalia. Ghosts of goda nro not uncommon, and are often highly serviceable. A few years ago the following was gravely rolnted in the Pokin Qasctlo 'When the^ Mohammedans were besieging Changwoi, they suddenly halted and ran away. Tuo fact was, they had npproachtd tha temple of Ta-pi-pan (^od of tho plunot Yenui), and there they saw an awful vision : gods in golden mail, numerous w foroat trees, anil urmud with sword and shield, were drawn up in battle array nlong the city wall, aud red lampn innumerable lighted thorn up. Tho enemies' hearts failed them, and a suddan discharge of cannon pui them to flight.' Hero is another class of superstition, wbioh reminds us of some weird German und Sclav iegonds about building a living man or woman into a bridge or tower, which oould on no other condition be completed. 'When tho boll-tower of Pokiu was built,' soys Mr. Htent, in a paper on Cbinoso logendB, 'the Eaiporor Yung-lo, of tbo Miuif dynasty, ordered a grcao mandarin, named Kiian-yu, to cast a bell big enough for eucn a noble build ing. Time after time Kuau-yu and the oleverest workmen in tho country tried to cast a bell, and failed; the casting was always honeycombed, and the emperor said that if there was one more failure, Kuan-yu'B head should pay the forfeit. Now' Kuau-yu hud a daiignter, a lovoly girl of sixteen, named Ko-ai : and when uho loarnod what was to bo done, she went to a celobratod astrologer and asked the cause of her father'a failure. Somo demon, she was told, required a maiden's blood to be mixed with the, motul, and unless this was done, tho next casting would bo a failuro like tho others. Ko-ai at once took her resolution. Sbe got leave from her father to be piesent at tue cabt ing ; aud amid the dead silence which piovuiled when the taps were drawn and tho molten stream poured down into tho mould, a sbriek w»b hoard, und crying vwt, ' For my talh'er,' Ko-ai threw hwoelf headloag into the seething ruetul. One of tho woriunen tried to seize her, but only succeeded iu getting bold of a shoe, which came off in hia hand. The father had to be hold back by force fioin following Ko-ai's example. Ho was taken home a, raving madman; but tho bell was perfect in make and tone, and when struct, its sonorous boon is to thia day followed by a low wailing sound liko tue wail o£ a woman in agony, and when people hear it they say, ' There's poor Ko-ai calling for her shoe.' ' Where did those tales oome from whioh wo oall the Arabian Nights t Some ot them, wo know, tell ua about Chinese emperors and princesses — Badroalboudour, to wit, Of otheiB, Chinese legends give us other forms. Thus ' Open Sesame' finds its parallel in the story of a oavo, near whiou lived a poor young herdsman, who Bore Iho not unusual name ol Chang. One day, as he was pass ing, he heard a voioo Bay, ' Stone n door open ; Mr. Kwei- ku id aoining.' Tun oa'va opened, unu the invisible speaker entered, uud bj- aud-byo the same voioe said, ' Stone door, shut ; Mr. Kflei-kuiB going.' Where upon tha cuve oiosud, so that no one oould hrii wtiRrd the fiutrauiiH hmi hflan. riitnnu at onco determined to sue what was ineide ; to, one day, taking oare that Mr. Kivei-ku wad guno out, he used the formula, and at ouco gained un entrance. Oniueso legends are often unpractical, so we need not wonuer that them is no bint of any treasure iueide. It was simply a vust, romantio cavein. Ha came out, shut the door by using tuo proper torui of words, und then tola aid only living relutivu, his grandmother. Sue rnustneedssee it too ; but, wandoring inside, thoy got separated, and Chang, fancying she bad letc first; came out and closed tue cave's inoutu. Not finding her at home, ho ru3hed back, horror- striken, to seek her ; but now all his efforts to obiaiu an eutranco failed. Tho magic words had lost their power; and he felt that his grandmother must be either starved to death or devoured by Mr. Kwoi-ku. Just ihen this dreaded personage appeared to him, and told him that th« 1'atcB nad takou bis grandmotuer ; tho cave demanded a victim. Let him marry, and take comfort in the thought that hiB childien would, have power over demons. And so it was ; heaven,' the first, holder (a.d. 25 is about the dato assigned to tho story) of an oflice which has lasted on to the present day. Tories ol ma^ic tombs ure touad among most peoples, uor iirj they winning in Coma. Kuoguiiug wad a sort ot Cuiuese MiOhael Soju; ami one day the Emperor Huug-wu uud nis ohief oouuaillor, pausing near his tomb, were seizjil wuh a wish tu visit it. Tho Empdror aud his courtier wore suits of iron mull, nicer tho iasuion of those days ; bo, breaking through into the anttohamber, they read an inscription that whoever vieiied the tomb should xiuve his hands tied — a prophecy fulfilled by their hamis getting fur some time fast wedged into tne passage through whioh they squeezed themselves. Breaking |(hrougU .the ,seoood door; they found Beveral figures, toward whioh they begun to bo attracted by an irresistible force. Full of terror, they flurg off their armour aud lied, noting as they. ran out another inscrip tion, which may be rendered thus : ' I'll Btrip off the skin . Of whoso ventures in To open this my grave.' Of course /fphe figures were of loadstone, which in the legends of medieval Europe, as well as iu tho Arabian Hights and in Ctiinese stories, was credited with very mysterious powerB. When Confucius died, one of his disciples cased hia coffin in load Btone; and thus the Em.eror Chin was baffled in hia attempt to open the tago's tomb — the workmen's pickaxes and aoadea lost their heads, the armour of the soldiers on guard was stripped off their bodies; altogether things Jtook such a strange turn that tho attempt was given up. Even tho Judgment of Solomon finds its parallel in China, only the mandarin who playn Solomon orders tuat the child shall be taken away from, both women, and brought up iia a government official. He judges that the real mother will eagerly accept ao good a chanco for her offspring, while the woman who only wanted to seil tho babe, or to use ic in begging, will clamour for its restoration. He therefore hands the little oue to tho claimant who, though with tears and Bobj, had accepted hia pruposal. The atory U said to be historical, but w» may auspect that it was derived from Indian or Semitic sources. Tbat iB just tho difficulty in «U tiiete cujes. The myth may ( have travelled eaitward in the wake ot the eirliaot ctravaus, or with the other teaching of those Nesloriun Christians who penetrated into the heart of Cuiua long before the Tartar conquests, and whose influence on Buddhism hae not voc been adequately taken into account. When we know more of Chinese literature, we sli.iil teo what ? a torleB really do dnte irom pru-Chriobiau times, and aro therefore presumably homa-ijtown. Till thou wo mutt be couieut to bs moro puzzled than Salomon, nf whose judgment here in another more Culnoae voraiou. A oartain workman had a very good-looking wife, and they lovod eaoh other tenderly. But white doge iu China are often sad dogs ; und, moreover, have sometimes the power of taking what hum vn nhapo the; like. So a write dog took the workman's ehapo, and walked into hia house Fortunately, he had miscalculated the time ; for, guac as ho entered, the zeal husband returned, and tho wife whs thrown in so a very piteous dilemma. Wuich was her husband Bhb could not for tbe life .of her make out. So she did us a neuelblo Cainuao woman would — made them both go with b«7 to the mandarin's yamoa. But the mandarin was just aa puzzlid aa the wife, the two men woro so exactly alike. Fortunatoly, howevnr there waa in the yamoa a moat convenient tiger which, never would toucb men, but waa accustomed to feed on dogs; Knowing, therefore, the villainous waya of white dogs, tho magistrate ordered both the self styled husbands to bo put into the tiger's cage. The tiger at ouco flew at and devoured tho dog, and tho woman got her real husband back ; and thoy went off, praising the magistrate's wiBdom. Here ib tho Chinese Penelope. Pakli shi was n rostlesd spirit always longing for advonturo. Ho married and had a eon. und then disappeared, and was away moro than thirty years, rising, meanwhile, to bo Priino Miuidter in a neighbouring state (ttiia waa in the dayB when Cnina was a group uf kingdoms). Ono day hia bou saw a proclamation aigned Pak- li-shi, and told bin mothor, who was reduced to be a wundorintr needle-woman. They agreed tu go aud seo what the likonesd of namo might mean, aud when thoy got to the capital of the kingdom, tho mother turned ballad Bingor, und eorapod acqua'ntunco with the gieat man's aervants. They told her that tneir muster was subject to fits of low spirits torougu Iho loss of his family, which he had been for years unablo to find. She perauaded them to let her try it! her songu would soothe him, improvised a touohing ballad, wbb reoogniaed, and they were happy eVar after. ' 