A TERRIBLE ADVENTURE. I do not believe in ghosts of the orthodox sort— -very few people do in these matter of- foctday8 — nor have I - aii$ fixed .creed with regard to the secrets of nature which, a g aclass , .V waaxusvuaijr VMtlLU OUpOL UUUULiVfc J OU6 : that there are such secroio I firmly believe, , aud that thoy are occasionally half revealea to ur when we least expeot a revelation I also believe. Who is there that has gazed upon the corpse of a friend without being filled with awe aud wonder ? All that we saw in life lies there. We might dissect tho body, yet the most powerful microscope could disoover nothing to be missing. Every part of the wonderful machine is perfect, but It haB stopped running, and all the science and ingenuity of man can nevermore set it going. But though wo can- not menaurn,, or. define, or even imagine it, we know that the man himself is missing. This empty shell, mouldering into dust before our very eyes, ia not the friend we knew. Our friend was au invisible essence, and this was his habitation, He looked through those eyea not with them, and now that he has departed, the windows are darkened and the house is silent forever. To think that wo never how him or ho ub— that wo each only saw the perishable abode of the other— is both strange aud sad, but it is true No man ever yet Roktd upon his fellow — in this life at lea3t ao vvoiiujigut, iiu any ;inas ne lOOKed upon a musical instrument and beheld the souud,- It was with Huch gloomy thoughts as these1 that I occupied myself one winter night now many years ago, when it was my melancholy duty to watch beside the dead body of one whom I had dearly loved in life. He had died in the vigor of ;h!a manhood, bad been cut off in the bloBsom4of his hope and strength, and the cause of his death had completely baffled the physicians. I was staying on a visit at his country house, or rather palace, for he was enormously wealthy, and his life had been suddently snuffed out, as it' were, while wo sat talkiug together. Yea .only. the night before I bad sat by the fire in this very armchair with him opposite to me there, aud when I looked up to -see why he did not answer a lazy question I had just put to him, lie was dead. Now his body lay decked for Iho grave in the next room and I sat here by the fire alone. When I say that the body lay in the next room, I am not exact; It really lay at the farther extremity of the room in which I sat, but an arch divided this lofty and spacious chamber, and from the arch hung heavy ourtains of ruby-colored' velvet, which I had druwn to keep the'lieat of the fire from the body and the cold from-myself, for it waa a freezing night. It wae-wibh the ancients, and is with some people at the present day an actuul belief that to leave a corpse unwatched for aa single instant would endanger thedeprted spirit. But I entertainfcd no such ideas. What barm could come to that poor, vacant tene- inent, still less to the " something" that had left it? And if harm should come, fiurely no vigil of mine could prevent it, I sat with hue uuu,y ucuauae x luveu it, uu&tuai; x migns protect it. I have said that I am not superstitious, and during the first half of the night no thoughts save tho speculations I have mentioned and vain regrctB for the loss of my friend ocsupied my mind. It was, as nearly an I can remern' ber, about an hour after midnight that I began to experience a sort of nervons uaeasi ness for which I was at &Joss; to account. I' was seized with an indefinable dread — of what I know not — and this feeling became momont tarily stronger. In vain 2 tried to shake it off, telling myself that the agitation and grief of the post twenty four hours had weakened my mina and body. In vain I huddled over the fire and strove to think of other things. It was no use. I found my eyes w&ndering; constantly to the closed curtains, and I was unmistakably Afraid. At length, vexed at my own weakness, I croBsed to the other side of the hearth and seated myself with my back to the curtain?, in tho great armchair which the dead man had occupied the night before. For a few moments I felt eabier ; then on a sudden my terror re turned. with tenfold- force. I no longer doubted. I now knew that there wis some thing to be afraid of. I heard nothing, but, m distinctly as if I saw it, 1' felt that thore was a presence in the room, and1 that it was behind me. My heart stood still;. my blood, aye, the very marrow in my bones <was frozen with inexpres sible horror. I would sooner have died than look round, yet I was -irresistibly impelled to do so. Slowly, O so slowlyl I turned in ray seat and advanced my face to the side of the chair (the back was tno high for me to see over without rising). With aahea face of staring oyr 8, 1 peered round at the curtains, and there between them— O, God! shall I ever forget it! — there, between the parted curtains stood the drad man in bis grave clothes! His eyes were open, and he gazed steadily at me with a look of such devilish malice as I hope never to see In a human face again. I could no more stir or utter abound than if I had been carved in granite, For what was perhaps a minute, though it seemed to me a lifetime, we remained thus; I peering at him round the side of the ohair, he glaring at rnn frnm liof.nronn /.nrfnlnei Than T aim Lirrt slowly crouoliinq to the earth. Gradually he shrank down till he almost squatted on the ground, and tlieD, with hands outstretched iike distended claws, his foamy lips drawn back from his teeth, and his eyes riveted on mino he began to creep toward me. Still I could not move until he had got within six feet of mo. Then I saw his body quiver tromside to side (as you have seen a cat's just before she springs upon her prey), and, leaping up with a Bhrink, I raised the massive chair like a feather and dashed it upon him as he rushed forwards. Of the fearful struggle that ensued I can remember little ; all that I dis tinctly recollect is the rushing in cf the servants. After that all became a blank. It was nearly three weeks before I regained my senses, and as soon as I was strong enough to converse ou the subject, the doctors told me how it nil came about, It seems that my friend had not been dead, bat in one of those extraordinary trances which simulate deathsq closely as to deceivo tho most skilful scientific men. As i3 frequently the case in such irn stances, the horror of the situation in which be found himself upon returning to consciousness, together with the shock which:bis system had received, tamed the restored man into a lunatic, though his madness was of a more violent character than is usual'. It was more than a year before my friond entirely recovered from hie insanity. But I could not face him again, and have not seen him 6ihce. — San Francisco ifctcs Letter, 