AN ANTIQUARcY'S ciOST STOllY. Br ArusTos In Jssor', D.D., in the Athen&um.; On the 10th "ot October, 1879,'1' drove over. from Norwich to MAlllning-. ton Hall to spend the night at Lord Urford's:., Though 1I was in perfect health nnd. lhigh spiritse it'is" fairt state tlhat for some weeks previousbly I had had' a grea de! to to hink'? bost, some little anxi y, and soume \--onsiderable' "imental atrai'u ' of one kind or another. .'. was' not, however, ,:1consclous. of a ilytliing approaching.wearineas, 'rrit~bility, .or t' fag." 'I' arrived at 4 .m., and was engaged in, pleasant and ?imated one versationatili i It was tim to. dress for dinner.. We :dined at ; ' our party numbered six persons. these four at least had been' great avellers.' I myself was rather a lieten r;: the talkl was general and discursive, and amuiedt and interested me greatly. N\ot for a single moment did it tur upon thol supernatural; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art and t e oxperl. encee of men who liad see ?i gi'~it deal of the world, and could describe intelligently what they had een'?and comment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely, been. at to more pleasant party. ,After dinner we playe a rub ber. We " left off as we begin," and as two of the guests had some dis' tance to?drive we broke up a.lhnlf.punat ten, The main, object of my going over to MaLnington was to examine and, take notes upon some, very rare booksr in Lord Orford's -library, which I lnad been anxiously wishing to get a ~siglii of for~some yearp. but lihad never.been? fortunate' enough' ito. meet:with up to: thls time, I asked leave ,to sit up for some hours and make transcripts. His Lordship'sit first wlEhedt.me to let his valet remain ii attendanco? to ,see :all lights.put out, but as.thle would have embarrassed me and compelledl me to go to bed eanrliertthin I wishieil, anl as it seemed likely that I slhonld. ho. ocu pled till two or three f[n 'the morning, it was agreed .that'I shouild bi left to, my own devices, and. tihe. servants should be,lallowed ,to1 retire. By 11 o'elack I was the only person down. stairs, and:I:was very saoon biislly a'n work and absorbed',int'myIcotpntin ?. The room lit wticih Iwns' writing is. a large onoe,witlt.a hlnge fireplaoo andl a grand ,,ld:ehlriiney; andti i's.needless to say that it 1i'furnished 'with' every comfort and luxiry. The library opens into tIlis roompand' 1 hliad to peisk sit from where "'Twae'sitting into this' Ii brary and get upon' aohair 'to' 'reach' the volumea,,I wanted :to examine. There were ,,six tremall "'volit?ee',in all, I took 'lthe'ni'idown "and 'jla'did them at my right Irttld in.a liitleoplle, and set to work-sometimes' rending, sometimes writing. .As, I finlisled with a book '"placed it' in front' of 'inei Tihere were' four silver candleiticks upon the table, tite candlesnll hurnnig, anti, as I amt a chilly person, I sat my selfat one corner of'. the table with tithe .fire at. my left, and at intervals, na' I land finished :with ta book, ,I rose,' knocked tile fire together, and stood ilp to warm my feet. . I continued in this way at my ittak till nenrly. I' 'clock. I had got on hobetter than. I expected;. and I hlnd only one 'more booki to oc. copy me, Ir rose, wound tip myr watch, and nopened a bottle of seltzer writer, and I remember thinking 'to myself" that I should 'go to bed by two after all. I set to work at the Inst' little book. I' linld been engapged upon it ' about half.;nn hour alnnd wns jnst he ginnilg to think tlhat my work wasi drawing to a clone, when. as I toas actl.llt/ woriting , I saw a large whhite hand within a foot of my- lltrw., Turn hig..my' head there sat i figure of a somewhat large man, with -l bla tbck to i the fire, bending slightly over 'the table, and appirently exaniinutg tire ] pile of books thint I hand been at work ulpon. The man's face was turneil away from me, but I saenw lis closely cut, rctddish-brown ihllnir, is enr and sllaved oleek, th i eyebrow, the colrner of thil right iyl, , the sie of theI forn helin, tAnd ithe 111'gi. high cheekhneo. He was dreelsid inl what. I cnl onily do. s lbeo its a kind of eeelesiasicnl ' liilt of thlik cordelld slit or r init, ineh mllan terial, close up to Illt Ithrll?t, lln l ait I ti row ring or idgiuug of ihoiwi "til Inch b?iondl, of sntin or ve'lveti, serving ia. AI s rttnd-ip colil', ali flttittn t elopse to the rlhin. 'I'The right Ianli. which hnId fIlr?t satirnite?ld rmy notletitlti. wai olnpiin?g, wilhtltlt cniy grint lit'isllre, lile ift hittil; lutIh hitste e' n . ipr ip'tre, re'. lpoe. nol rlh, lInro a buli veins of tlhe riullit tilI were eitp' IIICiicutn s i re. 0 tin?nht'r thinItg l tut the htnd iv'as like Ilit( hand of y rillrs z's annu~rnlii. e.-t I"?,id Initiht"' in the, Nottinnti Ollterly. I ilolke,d wr auy vi.itor air sinellli peelnds and was plerfelaly suro that no was not a reality. A thon sand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity and a.strong interest were uppermoet: : For an in-. stnut I felt eager to mako a sketch of. my fi'iend, asnd I looked at a tray on. my right for a- ponoil; theni thought,. " Upstairs I have a. sketch-book slll I fetch it ?" There he sat.andl was fancinated;:nfrnid,.not ofl his stay-. ig, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted:* my. left hand from the paper,. stretched' it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain whyI did thib-my. arm passed in ft'ont of the figure,.. and it vanished.- I' was simply disappointed and nothing more. I went on*. with my writing as if no thing lad' happened,. perhaps foel another five minutes, and I had natua ally got, to,tlio last few words of whlat I: hdl determ;ined to extract,.'whltot the figure nppeaied, again, exactly .int the sanmo placennd 'attitude a's before;. I saw the hands close to:my. own; I turned' my Ihead again to examine him more closely, and was friaming a setn- tenet to' address to him' when I. dis covered that I di-l not, dare not, speak. treds afraid of t/e. sound of, tuI, oton voice, There he snt;nand there sat I. -L tntled my head:- again, to my work, and flisahed writing the two- or three woridl Istill had to write.. The paper rnd njyn' dtbs are.o tthis.mianmoint be-. fore net, and exhibit-' not the slightest tromit or nervousnoss.. : Icould point - out.tie wordil wias writing when the pl?snltol came : and. when. lie: disnip peardtl. 'Hnaviing finished my'tijnk,? I lshutitite rbookyand' tlroew. :It: o the fable, It made a slight.noise as it fell-- J tlih figuie vanished. 11 Th'lrnowing mvse'l back in my clinir, : Test for some seconds lookingl at the y fire with n curious itxtieriie'nf, feeling, T and Iremembe!t won!lering'whetbier myl friend wvould roI e.ngnin,a:nd Ifhodidtl .whethet" Io ewould Ihide thel fire from ' me.. IThen first Ihero selolo' tpon n.e 'a . dread arid a s~ep~ii toihn that I jlivs be; ginnihg to lose my, nerve, - I,remember yawninsg;, then I?ose, lit my hed-room A candle;: took my 'books Into the inier a librry.,, mounted, the ,haicr as before, a anid replaced five of the.volumes ;:thel sixth' I brought. blck und laid upon thels t'tbleiwhere P lhad been wiltling whien thle phnntonr dhit'Ime thinholInor to- ap-.J' pear ts me. ilytis time I, hadldlnlst all sense of uneasiness,!"1IltbleWsa out thenC four candles and marched"tloff tlied,' where I slept tlhe elee.'of'tho just.or tv thoe guillty-Tki' low n~t whlioll-but I le'pt ivery soundly..: ,t' r:;t "~ i?Is ,Ilhis is a simple andi unvarnishedt n'arrative?' bof 'Bfit. t..ts'ExplanntionN theory,.or inferetoo..I levoto, otoher's.s:: -,-,- rl 