SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL, EXHIBITION. ? -o' There was a very fair attendance of visitors at the I Garden Palace yesterday morning, for which the favoured | ohio change in the weather may be held to account to a certain extent. The Exhibition Commissioners are fully satisfied with the daily attendance, which still keeps up to a respectable average, although there was every reason to anticipate a falling-off after Christmas and New Year holidays. However, the public interest in the Exhibition appears to be well sustained, and as the period for closing approaches a marked increase in the number of visitors may be expected. Yesterday's attendance at the Garden Palace was as follows: Season ticket-holders, 335; general public, 2131; children, 236 ; exhibitors and attendants, 015 ; horse show attendants, 7 ; total, 137 in the United States Court there is always a good crowd round the tables occupied by Mr. F. E. Mills, the caligraphy. He appears to meet with a large number of patrons in both card-writing and watch-engraving, the war of which he considers a speciality. It is something in" 10 gave a watch handed in and the name and address engineers) all in the space of less than a minute, and naturally people are interested in the work. i The effort to introduce new industries in cultivation, which is the main feature of the General Agricultural Show, to be held in March, is exciting great attention in the neighbouring colonies and the officers of that department are using every effort. by disseminating information, to induce our colonists to respond. The necessary papers and information have been sent for distribution to the secretaries of all the Agricultural and similar societies in the colony with an earnest request for their co-operation and assistance, All the colonies are likely to exhibit largely. South Australia has already sent considerable quantities of cereals ; Victoria promises largely in fruit, and New Zealand will not be behind. Queensland also, though her cereals have this season been a failure, has been more fortunate in her tropical and semi- tropical productions, and will make most instructive exhibit of them. Besides those, the Acclimatization Society of Queensland, through its very able and energetic vice president, Mr. Lewis A. Bernays, has offered its cordial co- operation in this project, in which he is zealously seconded by Mr. Taylor, the secretary of the Queensland Commission ; as not only most interesting in itself, but which may be made so prolific in valuable results to all the colonies. On account of the distance, the society will be unable to take part in the exhibition of the u tthetio classes of plants, which by their beauty excited 60 much admiration at the National Association's Summer Show, held a month ago at Brisbane, but they propose to send their collection of economic plants, exhibited on the same occasion. If not 60 beautiful to look at they are at least more fully in accordance with the objects of this special show. In reference to this collection, the Brisbane Courier says :-" On one side of this horticultural triumph is a long table filled with plants devoid of any special attractiveness, as far as appearance is concerned, but richer in interest than the wealth of leaf and blossom, and branching friend we have been just noticing. These are the economic plants gathered by the Acclimatization Society from all quarters of the globe ; spices and farinaceous roots, coffees and teas, drugs, dyes, and rare fruits. It is most gratifying to reflect that these shrubs and trees are not to be boarded as rare exotics at Bowen Park, but are in course of distribution through the length and breadth of the colony." The exhibit will be most interesting and instructive, and if our own people will individually make even a small exertion, this show may be made prolific of useful results than perhaps any side-show connected with the Exhibition. Much will depend upon the co- operation of resident landed proprietors and others of influence in the interior, for the farmers generally are difficult to reach. "We are requested to state that also all the papers referring to the subject will be sent, on application to the secretary of Vegetable Products Committee (Mr. G. S. Lang), to any private individual, who either wishes to exhibit or would distribute them among friends and neighbours. The following programme is to be played by the Artillery Band, this afternoon, from 8 to 5 p.m. : March, "Health to the bride," River ; valse, "Blue Alsatians," Lamothe ; selection, " Traviata," Verdi ; quadrille, Girofle Girofla," River; polka, "La Belle France," Levy ; selection, Crown Diamonds," Auber; valse, "Language of Flowers," Coote j gallop, " Ghost," Musgrave. 