FITZROY PANCY DBRESS BALL. Young Psyche and Pan, with D?m Juan, While strolling together, suggested a plan, That seemed so remarkably good, that each man Said-- By the Lord Harry, ll do what I can To prevent the folk saying 'twas only a sham;" And they ended their oath with a rhyme very queer I don't think it wise to mention it here. They determined to hold, in Fitzroy Town Hall, An elegant spree and fancy dress ball. Where old and young, great and small The fat and the lean, the short and the tall, The lassies and laddies, their ma's and their daddies l~ght be Kings, Queens, or Dukes, prigs, parsons, or Paddies, With just a few fairies to add to the taste, Dressed debonair and remarkably chaste. Ilade for the nonce with the orthodox Waist (Of course they mustn't be too tightly laced), For the ball by them was supposed to be graced; In fact, said the boys, as they walked up and down, We'll open the slnmb'ring eyes of the town. So, last Wednesday night, I wouldn't get tight; I'd go to the ball and sit down to write, And get myself dazed with the glittering sight, And now I feel sure I've done quite right. So much was T. pleased with the glorious fun, That I inwardly wished it would never be done; But, alas ! for the world into which we are hurled, Old Time plays the deuce where his colour is furled; Chance mixes us up in an odd sort of way, And often, I'm sure, there's the D- 1 to pay; Bat Old Nick wasn't there to see the affair He often intrudes much more than we care Or else, if he went, he wore a disguise, That sunk his identity and blinded our eyes. Perhaps he fears fairies, counts, monkeys, and dukes, And people who wear odd kinds of perukes; Or perhaps he never saw Fitzroy at all, And of course didn't know a word of the ball. For a week before, the rain did pour, And splatter up the kerb.stone shore, And drench the folk through every pore, At which, rm afraid, some of them swore (A custom as old as ancient lore). By some 'twas voted a nuisance and bore; The people peeped from their windows or door, And remarked-" The weather was cold and raw." But hold-with this rhyme, it takes too much time; We can't miss a sight that looks so fine. The night is clear and starry bright, And the moon reflects her silvery light, And seems to smile on the pleasing sight, Which is all very proper, and very polite. But see, here they come-what glorious fun There's a beautiful girl with a son of a gun; And here comp the cabs, with the lassies and lads, And others dash out with their ma's and their dad's; And " Luna" peeps down through a chink in a cloud, And spreads a pale hue o'er the glittering crowd. Ah ! who's the old gent who smells a strong scent, And walks doubled upright-remarkably bent ? There's a maid and a monkey, a duke and a flunkey, And a fat Chinee mand'rin, whose name is Ah Yunkey; A peasant, an earl, and a fair Grecian girl, And a nondescript wearing an exquisite pearl; A French rirandcre, and a bold volunteer (They're jolly companions, that's very clear). There's Marquis Santarum, if he got in a harem, I feel very sure he'd sadly alarm 'em. Who's the dark Spanish maid, with the rose blush and shade ? Oh! were I an artist, she never would fade! There's a clown, I declare, with a maiden so fair That it seems a mistake for him to be there. And a fair Swiss girl, minglel up in the whirl, Who nods to some friend with a beautiful curl. And "Nancy Lee" with Paddy 3I'Gee, Are sharing alike the cream of the spree. And poor " Dolly Varden" we mustn't be hard on; If she ever does wrong, she sure to beg pardon. King Richard is there, with a gracious air; "Ned Kelly" is not, or they'd be a pair. There's Don Cnsar and a young Lascar, Having a chat with a jolly young tar. And the Morning Star, and a Polish huzzar, Are chatting, I think, to the Earl of Mar. " Lizzie Stofel" is there, with long plaited hair She's certainly dressed with very great care. There's a nigger or two, but I can't see a Jew; Poor "Shylock" is unrepresented, perdu. Don Casar Bazan, and another young man, Are watching the punch bowls as much as they can; WThile Don Jos;6, who seems full of play, With the harlequin's wand has just run away. There's the Spirit of Joy, with a Sailor Boy, And a very big Babe with a very small toy. There's Folly and Scraps, with a couple of chaps (The only rhyme for chaps is lapse). And that Greek brigand looks awfully grand, But the French that he speaks I can't un derstand. And Red, White, and Blue, and America too, Danced in a set with-I don't know who. And Hamlet the mad looked awfully sad, As he vainly searched for the ghost of his dad. There's Count Arhnbeim, and then near him, A gent in disguise, whom someone call'd "Jim." A Huntress and Dunce, with squeaking Punch, Got mixed up, and found themselves all in bunch. A Spanish bull fighter, and a fairy much lighter, And I may say more beautiful, lovely, and whiter. And a fat Chinese, who seemed at his ease, Had a tail that reached down to his knees. And Sweet Little Buttercup, rm sure I can't eat her up, My muse won't speak, the sight has shut her up (There's very bad rhyme at the end of that line; It's rather too rude to count as sublime). And dear Josephine, as grand as a Queen, In chat with the ugliest nigger I'vre seen. And pray, who's' that with the very big hat Perhaps a duke in disguise, a bishop of Pat. And footballers too, in red, white, and blue, And dresses of every shade and hue. While out in the lobby, in front of the bobby, The couples are walking and looking so S nobby. And now, I declare, there's the Worshipful Mayor, His face looks so jolly and bright and square, That I really ,believe that he's proud to be S-' there. And then his hair, is done with such care, It's arted so neat from the'front to the rear, And he wears his robe with a giacions `ar, I think he was proud of the whole affair. Bat I don't think he sat in his civic chair. For he sat by my side near the top of the stair, I thought we two are a handsome pair. I felt like a man who's been in a dream. And is't quite sure what the dtcken's he's seen. Whether goblins or ghosts, sprites, bobbies or posts, And results that occur after drinking of toasts. However, I've done and .so is the fun, And I anxiously wait for the. next one to come. The Committee did well and so did the people. They had more "Belles" there, than would fill a church steeple. (And when one is writing that sadly annoys) I'll join in three cheers for the ball of Fitzroy's. I've much to regret, there's some I forget, And others, who's names I hav'nt heard yet. So, in this condition, and with their per mission, We humbly crave pardon for each such omission. We hope there's no line, in this jingling rhyme, That will cause blush or pain, through a fault of mine. So now bon nuit ,and please believe me, To be yours, very truly, W. H. B. Fitzroy, 21/9/80. 