OTJB jCITY LETTER. [From our own correspondent.] • . Adelaide, October 9,1880. Whether jt was that the tempers generally of the members of the Legislative Council were irritated by having to meet yesterday, their combined objection to ' assembling on Bridals being well-known, I cannot .say but ! ifc isVcsrt∈ thfi..atmosp)iere of the Chamber was uncommonly sultiy on' that' day. The object ofdiseussion was'the consideration in committee of the'Northern "Territory Sugar "Cultivation Sill, and the main objection taken to the measure by Sir HemyAyera and others who objected'to the measure, was that the" persons named in the Bill, namely, Messrs. Spence & Owsfcon and Mr. Delossa were to receive much larger grants of land than other: applicants could who came .after them. The Chief Secretary explained that he considered theywere entitled to this privilege as being pioneers ana -willing to expend money- on what -was a mere experiment, which might. eventually prove a failure. But Sir Henry Ayres and Mr. Fisher would not see eye to eye with Mr,-Jtfoi^an, and Mr. Baker of course had his say in the matter, They iasked all sorts of awkward questions, and iaverred thafthe .persons naniea inthe Bill were not capitalists, butmere ^d^entnrers who intended to farm the rights they asked far. Finally Mr. -Joseph Fisher,, wh(K was waring, very wrafch,«aid he remembered one of the appli cants as carrying on business, or nominally doing so, in a box'at the old Adalttjifo Ex change. Thereupon with the amiable object of checking discussion Mr. Sandover called for. a division, taid the motion was narriqfl and the first clause waspassed. Thereafter the opposition intimated very plainly their ' intention of opposing each clause wawiiifcmi, and Sir Heaiy Ayers who . had audLblysaid something about , stone-walling t6 Mr. Santo, attacked Mr. Sandayer and eaid he wanted to; [ stifle discussion. The latter gentleman then took Hp. the. cudgets, and a scene ensued' which.haB rarely perhaps been- equalledin i the'Council.: llrJ Dunn, who was in favos&f; the.BiU, Ten»ri^ thafe Mr. Bfeber waethe last person.who should speak of people tran aafctingbusmjess in a box, for hfi remembered . whenMr.^Fisher waa glad to sit in a box in the"^Eront. office at the Mttgitfer for aaalaiy of ojjht rfiflfam a week. Wt Tfiihfir tWrrmpon netortedon Mr. Dunn, and referred in strong terns to None transtK&ons;'intrhioli M gentleman fiad beeir engaged - tisen someMf or other said something about one honorable mdiritep who had been a butcher, aodaome body else said something about another who ; had played the fiddle for his bread; andplto-. gether the scene was a most discreditable one. At last the Chief Secretary rose and wisely assented to the adjournment of the discussion. It is to be hoped that byTues day next honorable members will have re-' covered their *" visual equanimity. *-■ ThtJ? Judges Peneiont Bill 'was tinketed ag^in, in the Assembly on Thursday/ ani finished with in - Committee. Some' /honor able members had oonjuted up a'viaion: oTihiB; Hib Honor, the Chief - Justice or iomf x>the& occupant of the Bench retiring from active, service hale and hearty at- the age of. sixty-; three or thereabout,' on a - handsome pehiion after twenty years service. Personally, being strongly tinctured with conservatism, I would say, " and what for no." Surely, afterflfteen years toil at the bar and- in- the Assembly, and twenty yeare service on-the Bench;« nian has well'earned that otinm cum • dignOate - which his savings and an income of £1,300 per an* num will enable him to .enjoy; The majority of the House thought differently,, however, and now.to earn his.pension a Judge who has served his country here for twenty years must either from age or incapacity be incapa citated from performing his duties. That is to say, he must be either deaf, purblind, or paralytic T>efore he can enter on a retirement he will no longer be able to enjoy. They order things differently in England and France, but then those countries are now old fashioned. What pxjght have proved a very serious accident but fortunately -was attended with but litttle damage to property and none to life or limb occurred at Garner's Theatre yester day afternoon during-the rehearsal of Pro •feasor Pepper's ghost entertainment. It ap pears that through some mistake the gas in one of the bags attached to the large lantern got mixed tip with that? in the othdr bag, thus forming that most explosive gaseous compound oxy-hydrogen. The result wa$r that the bag :'S#iclt was* pressed down*by three wejghjts'of -fifty-six poupds each, before wEat' Had taken place became known burst into: a 'thousand pieces. The weigh ts hurl led though the air -in the direction of:-the-stage,-one fell on a bench almost exactly on the spot where but a few minutes'before two of tlhe reporters of ono.i the dailies -had been sitting, one whizzed oraf the head of the pianist who was seated at hie instrument and the other fell 'into the orchestra,■ crushing a violin to atoms. The Professor who was standing close to the lantern was thrown violently down, but es caped unhurt, and the agent, Mr.' Smith, who was standingatfhedoor of' the Theatre, was nearly^ carried off *his feet by the force of the explosion. -The various actors and other assistants engaged on the stage were more or less shaken, but were unhurt. The escape of the ^ Professor was simply marvellous. The affair has, however, its ludicrous side, for it appears that^ as soon as his wits recovered from the fright he had received, the pianist threw up his engagement, remarking he was quite willing to play the piano, but he had not engaged to have fifty-six pound weights flying over his head. . As no material injury was done by the explosion to the Theatre, and the Professor will probably be able to get another bag before to-night, so there is every reason to expect that his enter tainment will take place as announced. Last night the Theatre was oooupied by Mr. Sketchley, who gave a dramatic reading from Henry IV., choosing of course the scenes in whioh Falstaff is introduced. The reading was only a qualified success, but his reoital or Mrs. Brown s visit to Bosherville Gardens was intensely amusing and much appreciated. For some days vast a bazaar has been held at the. Town Hall, for the benefit of the charities under the care of the Sisten of St. Joseph and hftabeen largely attended. Tp-night there was an unusual attraction fa the presence of M. Meilhan, the pianist, and Mr. E. J. Roberts, the Irish oomedian, who has lately been performing at the Theatre'Royal. | Notwithstanding pouoter- attractions, pe hall was xery full, in the .afternoon, when; Mens. | Meilhan played samp • charming selections | with his customary 'excellent taste ai|d skill. Mr. Roberts in the .{evening (gave some veiy amusing recitations and comio songs. Up wards of thirty pounds was taken during the day for entranoe money alone, and a large • quantity of goods was sold. I understand a very considerable amount altogether will be i realized. Mr. J, B. Austin ie still striving to awaken a sensation in gold discoveries, and I learn to-day that a new reef, said to promise well, has been struck near Oawler, and that a good quantity of gold has been already obtained from it. "Once bitten, twice shy" is, how ever, an old adage and South Australian spec ulators have lost so much over gold nines here in the past that it will take a.gocd deal to move them. By the way, -the old Alice Mine is a part of the insolvent De Young's assets ; he paid £500 for the mine and plant. I.doubt ; if it will fetch that sum, although it is said there is plenty of gold in it yet if properly worked. October 11,1880. The starting of the co-operative butchering business, which is I beueve proving very i successful, has induced several tradespien to . enter into competition and start* shops on the ; co-operative principle also, thatis presumably selling to : their customers for cash, payment at a much lower profit than usual. Buik and Co., the ironmongers of Bundl^tiget, have* tried it, and now those very oM e^blished grocers in. Hindley,-street,. Messrs. Crawford and (Jo., , are about "to iollpw suit, and have taken a lease of premises in Bundle-street, where they intend .to cany on {t business, in dependant of that in Hindley-street, on the co-operative principle. ' , ' The. pee meeting on Saturday pn the old -course was not a great success 6o" fat aB the attendance was concerned, but there was some very fair sport. , . c - _ _ - A very good audience assembled at Garner's .Theatre on Saturday,night to witness Pepper's ghost entertainment. . From want of proper rehearsing and a variety of other causep the entertainment did not prove, so -mukeid a suc cess as was anticipated^ But from what the audience saw they must have felt satisfied that Pepper's ghost is very superior to any other yet seen in Adelaide. tfb doubt many : of the defects of the fLretperformanee will be overcome. ■ ... .1., There was a capital muster''Of fcl^B members . of the Church of England belonging to the Local Military Force ' yi^i^ay, when a voluntary church parade "wjMC held* the men: marching to theAigUcan Cathedral to attend service.. . .7 ./. V *' The return ma£ph* between the ''ff.A* National Bifle Association abd the Perth Volunteers was heldon Saturday. The Perth men beat the lpcal team din thpe previous oc ausion, and this time followed up their "victory. The weather in both' colonies seems to have been splendid for shooting, and our men were ahead until the scoring at 400yards came on, when the Perth team began to show their superiority, and finally qeored a victoiy by 54 points. This is scarcely as it should be when - the comparative population of the colonies is considered. - - The Farmers' Co-operatfw Agency Com pany is, I rejoice, to say, gqihig ahead. The report made by the Secretary at a meeting held on Thursday is in everyway satisfactory. The Company is now fairly floated, and the first trial shipment of wheat will soon be made. , What-is still jmora gratifying, the example of the "farmers here has SmlEon in Victoria and New South Wales, and the ' Seentny of the Sooth Australian Aaaoeestion has received numerous letters asking for de tails of die working of the Association here, with the view no doubt of .similar organiza tionsbeing started in tike' other oolonieL 