jflTATUEAL HISTORY. TJIE OKSITHOBHrNCUS. If aristocracy is measured by the antiquity of families, the ornithorhyncus Bhould take jjrecgdence.ofttfe Howards, lorIt belongs/ to >tH$ tolhelt'family on earth', ancl' one' whose advent dates far back in the geological periods. And whatever its matrix may have been, it took its present form at a time when the elements of nature, or the " creative influence," as Professor Tyndal calls them, were in confusion ; and in place of being .reptile, bird, or mammal, it is all three to* gether "It has the bill and webbed feet of a duck, the body of ah biter, the nails and spurs of a barn fowl, tbe tail of a fiah, and ; tbe ihtestinea of a reptile. It lays'two eggs and hatchcs them like a bird, afterwards Buckling its young ones like a mammal. But "its habits iare solitary; and the creuture itself so shy, that that assertion has not; been clearly established, and probably never will be, for the animal will not live in a state; of domesticity, and its haufots are In places! where its secrets cannot bo discovered. The reindeer and musk ox are animals Wry, highly developed, and there la no confusion' iu their structure, and nevertheless they seem to have assumed their present form in the geological period in which the ornithorhy cus first makes its appearance. And it has been suggested that the latter was in its first stage a iusiis nature:, and that a freak of; nature can transmit and cannot help transmitting, its peculiarities by heredity. But the opiniop is not borne oat by observa tion-humpbacked men or women do not, beget humpbacked children, nor do people, with wooden legs have wooden legged babies. The doctrine that man and all the inferior animals who share the earth with him, were formed out of nothing.by an act of special creation some five or six thousand years ago is exploded ; and people now in cline to^the opinion that they achieved.their present high and complicated development by a slow progression from a humbler origin each of them, and even man himself, radiat ing from an inferior matrix, as.spokes radiate fiom the centre of a wheel, increasing their distance from each other as they extend; but iiaviug'all the same first parent or matrix, and tbey are even now united by a chain whose lirikB cannot be mistaken. In each pf them the blood is the life, and the vital parts of each correspond precisely with those of the other. They are procreates nurtured in the Bamo or in a very similar manner, and finally tbey die and there is no distinction in tbe manner of their deaths. Tyndal says that " it is as impossible to make a grain of Band from nothing, as it would be to make a world, and it would be more difficult to make a living creature than either." And probably it would, although living creatureB are made from nearly no thing as it is. There is one fact, however, that admits of no debate, and that is, that not only at the period of that special creation, .but .countless ages anterior to it, tbe ornithorhyncus, the musk ox, and reindeer inhabited the earth together, with a long procession! of animal life that went through Paleozoic rocks, of whose existence tbe Scrip ture writers seem to have been ignorant. ,'The confusion manifest in the structure of the ornithorhyncus would lead to a supposi tion that some influence in the atmosphere or climate directed the transition of animals 'into certain channels, and instigated peculiar developments, and when it first emanated izi its present incongruos form from its matrix, these Influences were in confusion also. ifor was that the only period at which they were at fault, for in 186U a very learned German philosopher discovered in the litho graphic slate at Solenhofen the fossil skeleton of an ornithorhyncus, which had feathered wings; and Dr. Schmmerling, of Liege, found in a cave in the valley of the Meuse, the skeleton of an ornithorhyncus with the scales of a fish on its tail-demonstrating to some extent that the creature had recently emerged from the sea.1 The development of the ornithorhyncus has, therefore, undergone some slight modi fication since it became an inhabitant of fresh water, but like the dodo of Mauritius, and the eider duck of the north, it is going into extinction from causes at present un known to us. *' Ah 1" say the old school men, " there are animals going into extinc tion, but there are no new ones coming , ia their places," which is not correct reasoning, for many kinds of birds-pigeons, for instance -and several quadrupeds, such as the race horse, Shetland pony, the mule, pointer and coach dog, are to. all intents and purposes new 'animals.. Who would for a moment credit' that Lady Greengovm's miniature" innocent Italian lap-dog, as playful as a kit ten,. has the .prowling Siberian wolf for its grandfiiro } or thab tha bltro rock-pigeon is the progcdifcpr of the golden crested one ? . And may not other animals have been as much changcd by selection as these have been by crossing ? The most startling feature in the history of the ornithorhyncus is, however, that it is found in Australia only, and the London clay, "VVokey Hole, and Engis Cavern have been ransacked by Dr. Fuhl rott in quest of its remains in vain, it, the musk-ox, and reindeer, are the only.: pro Adamite animals that have come down'fo us; not-like thin ghosts or disembodied crea-, tures," but 'with their life and limbs, ' and' flesh' and features. J. GRASSIE. There are still a few countries .where they understand sensational amusement, and Per ssia may fairly be ranked as one of these. The Persian miracle play of "Hasan aud Hooseyn," is represented as a most thrilling, although exceedingly lengthy, drama. The performers, however, are supported in their arduous task by the excitement which takes possession of them and at times inducos them to actually commit the crimes that they are supposed to merely represent upon the stage. Unexpected sensations of this kind must, be, far superior to bull-fighting and other Euro-' >pe'ao fttrms of amusement. """ The London Daily Telegraph - remarks ; "Strapge,storied reach us from ludiaof the'feats, performed,by a native, mesmeriser, named Buni,, whose piagnetic power would appear to be quiW irresistible by the lowdr anituaJs, "lip^on; which11 he exclusively exer»s it. He gites seances, to which the public are invited to bring al^man ; nec.of faitoeious atfd unf&ineable; wildbeastfej Vitf, like the Ancient Mariner,, he holds them with his glittering eye. In a' few seconds they subside into a condition of cataleptic stiffness,- from f hich they can only, be revived by certain passes'' which' he solemnly executes with'his .right hand. An account of one of these seances states that a .snake^ in; a'* state' of violent irritation was brought to Buni !by a!-;-;me ;riagerie proprietor, enclosed in a 'i wooden .cage. " When deposited on the( platform it" was Writhing and hissing 'fiercely. Buni bent over the cage, and,fixgd;,hif eye jupon-j its"occupant, j gentlyiwaving hiiiarid over* the serpent's jest- f . legs' hjpaiV In ')[jegs(."fhant! a. minute the ,snake£ Bjtrefched ibolf out, stiffened,"and lay apparently dea^'.'^Bfinl1 fqok it up and thurst several . needles'ifttt its"b'ddyI but it gave no" sign of life/ .A few 'passes' then restored it to its former angry activity. 'Subsequently a savage, dog, held in a leash by its.owner,'wai brought) in, and;. , at Buni's command,1 let' loose upoh him. As it was rushing towards Win, bristling with. furjv'fi&: rdised hwhand, ahd in seebnff'the (fierce brute dropped upon, its belly as though striken by lightning. It seemed absolutely paralysed by some unknown agency, and was unable to move a muscle until released from : the:magnetiser'a spell by a majestic wave of' his hand.!' ~ > AND Smali#,-The diamond ' scare is over for the present, and all parties are; content. The scientific experimentalists:,are tsatisfied.at;having:proved,that chemistry can , produce the gem artificially * jewellers and mil-.; lioniairts are equally satisfied because the pro |kss cannot as jet produce; ^tonea visible to the ) naked eye. Mr. Hannay, the talented dis coverer, has, indeed, admitted that it can never be anything more than a laboratory experiment. Diamonds will, therefore, continue to reign supreme as the most intrinsically valuable "por-. table property" a person can own. This value is, of course, in many cases, purely fictitious. The Braganza diamond, for instance, which is as big as a hen's egg, is valued at fifty.eight millions of pounds sterling. Who would care to sink so much money, even In a precious stone,: even if it were really a diamond, which,. in the case of the Bragan«a gem, is much doubted ?, Our offn Koh-i-noor, which was confiscated by the East India Company after the annexation of the' Phhjaub, ahd presented to Queen Victoria, is valued at £140,000. > The .Orloff, which is bigger, was purchased by Catherine of Russia for £90,000;, from an Armenian - merchant/ Sapas, to whom she gave also a title and a pen rioiTof £i,000 a year for life, Another fine diamond 1V the Regent, which is preserved atnotig the Crown jewels of France. It is also 'known as the*. Pitt, having been bought by the ; Duke of Orleans' when P.egent of France, from Pitt, the :English Governor of Foh George^ for £1,000, who wasted the.moneyin riotous living, and soon afterwards cothtniited suicide. This diamond wns valued,hy;a French Gotnmieaiob'at ha|f;[\>tnll)lon of jnonoy. It wasstoleh during the French HoVaji^lloti, Utit ieaiipwired, Itttet,,, and for a time orilnmcut&tl;'tlw. afford of Kapolepa. 