ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. This ia an age of sounding titles. The other day the services of two charwomen were re quired on the ocoasion of the removal of a financial establishment to temporary new quarters. The first appeared in good time announcing herself as " the lady who came to scrub;" and about half an hour afterwards another female appeared, enquiring where she could find "the other lady who came to scrub." It is pleasing to find that the self-respect of the individual is combined with so much respect for the class to which the scrubbers belonged. One likes, too, to see a kind thing fully ap preciated and acknowledged by the person who does it. On a new strange face appearing to deliver the morning Register some years ago, the sub scriber who took .the paper from his hand asked if the old runner had left off the business." No," said the stranger, " but he is ill, and I very kindly offered to deliver the papers for him this week." It is recorded that on the Hurray, "half bankers," whatever they may be, are falling. There have been enough of changes among the whole-bankers in Adelaide, and ups and downs enough at bead officeB and country {branches of various kinds to make the avocation appear somewhat shaky. Customers have long com plained that these whole-bankers have no bowels, and if the half-bankers have, in addi tion, a deficiency of brains, they are likely to make wild work of the finances in the Hurray district. It is said that marriage is all a lottery, and not long ago there was a very practical .instance of it in the case of a notorious baohplor who, being in want of a new sensation, tossed up whether he should get married or buy a boat. He lost, and is now the exemplary bead of a small household. It seems as if we had been making a mistake altogether about the age of the colony, and the date of responsible government, and the term of ministerial office. Boothby's Directory for 1880, gives the following:—List of Hinistries that have held office sinoe the introduction of re sponsible government. Oolton Ministry June 6,1175 to 1877. According to that Hr. Oolton's Ministry must have been in office 702 years, having been formed some time after the death of King Btephen, and the acoession of Bi chard Coeur de Lion. They were in offioe when the Magna Charts was granted by King John in 1215, and must have see a some stirring events since, and yet we have never heard any one of them mention it. How if Hr. Simeon Hare had been a member of the Oolton Govern ment, .we should have had ministerial reminiscences as far back as the invasion of Britain, but his biography as related by himself only dates back some 300 years. Stage hitches often result in awkward ex posures, and one which occurred during the representation of the opera of " Satanella" the other evening at the Theatre Royal was no ex ception to the role. The sensational scene in the old castle of Count Rupert—the only one that remains to him after his mad sacrifices to thedice—furnished this incident. The Prince had called upon the powers of darkness, the music was doing the orthodox sepulohral " tchook tchook," and the gas had been turned down to the requisite degree of gloom, when a picture swung open and disclosed the dreaded Arimanes and Satanella seated upon a sort of throne and surrounded by lurid lightning. Gradually and with proper demoniacal solemnity they glided, throne and all, out from the wall until sus pended some eight or nine feet above the stage when anominous crack was heard, and Arimanes hastily dismissing his " infernal" dignity, sprang on to the stage, followed by Satanella with similar agility. When they alighted, the throne obstinately remaibed where it was and bore a BUBpicions resemblance to an ordinary shoe trunk.' Whether those articles are in cofnmon request - in the regions of Pluto ancient mythology does not inform us, but it seems that anything will suffice to support the stage dignity of the infernal powers. Toung Australia is able to hold its own even in repartee. The other day a well-known citizen, who rather plumes himself upon his mental alertness, was standing with a friend on the Adelaide Railway platform, when a business like boy of some eight summers, with a bundle of papers in his hand, accosted him with "J'mH, Sir, <PrtCU news of the Kelly gang." " Very sorry, my boy, but I can't read," was the response. "No matter," rejoined the quiok witted urchin, "Buy a paper and learn the letters." The citizen was so taken aback that he forgot to reward the smart young tradesman as he deserved by purchasing his entire stock. There never was a more felicitous expression invented than Mr. Coglin's " grammatical arti culation" for the perfection of a publio speaker, and if the worthy member for East Torrena has confidence in the competence of his critic, he mast teel flattered. Nothing distinguishes the speech of an educated man from that of a clown more than clear articulation and attention to the grammatical rules of the language, and our colonial legislators have a good deal to learn in these directions. Press-writers have tried ridicnle in vain, but the kindly encouragement of Mr. Ooglin may be more effectual. But grammar is not always appreciated as it should be. A story is told of an ancient Sootoh Earl, who was the most curions mixture of hereditary pride, personal vanity, and excessive meanness on record. The Earl of Buchan had erected a cellosal statue of Sir William Wallace on his grounds, and given the charge of it to a local rhymer who had published a shilling volume of poems in the Scottish dialeot. The tourists who came to see the statue, instead of giving the custodian sixpence, were ac customed to buy a copy of bis works. The Earl, who had also dabbled in literature and brought out a 7s. 6d, volume of fugitive pieces, which were stationary at the book sellers, seeing a market open, thought there was a grand opportunity of getting off Lis own effu sions, and sent a large snpply for such sale. Not long after, in conversation with his noble patron, the dependent chanced to speak of " as poets." " Poets," said the indignant Peer, "why, your rhymes are neither sense nor grammar." "Grammar here, grammar there, my lord, mine sells best," said the undaunted custodian. It was to this Earl that a very witty butcroel speech was made by an Edinburgh lady. He had one brother, Lord Erskine, at the head of the English Bar, and another, Harry Erskine, at the head of the Scotch Bar; and, he was laying down the law that all great men had clever mothers, and as an instance in point, he said that his own mother was the cleverest woman in Sootland. " Oh, then," said the lady, " as it oame through the mother, the talent, of course, descended to the younger branohes of the family." There are people who without being in dispensable, yet by dint of perseverance in one particnlar direction come to be regarded as public institutions, and we miss them when they are gone. There is a well-known South Australian astronomer, for instanoe. Even if he were not a prominent public officer respected for his probity, and admired for his ability, he would still be regarded as a public institu tion, because his punning propensities have come to be considered just as maoh part of bis official routine as his nightly conferences with Venus in the starry heaven, or Luna iii her regular round When a bad pun is heard it can generally be traced to him, just as a meteoro logical report can. Then there is an ex-Bank Manager, who would be known by his letter writing proclivities, if for nothing else. These gentlemen, however, are public propprty in a better sense; but there are others who, while not exactly public nuisances, stand muoh in the same light as excrescences. Till very recently a particular corner of the City Police Court bar—where the spectators stand—was regularly occupied by a remarkable figure, clad in a kind of white smook frock, and no matter how dismal the day, how dreary the proceedings, or how long the sitting, there stood that white-clad form, intently watching what was going on. For six long years, every day in the week, that individual regularly took up his post as punctually as 10 o*block struck. He was never .known to be absent but four times, and on three of those oocasions he was ill and on the fourth he had a very substantial reason for being elsewhere. His punctual attendance was finally out short by death, and even now the Court officials almost look for his ghost. The corner got to be left vacant by the Court loungers in deference to the old man for sometime, but it is now tenanted by other and less regular visitors. One lights upon astounding pieces of informa tion as to biography and history in unlooked-for places. Everybody who writes now-a-dayaia supposed to know everything, and every one who reads may pick up inaccurately a good many facts which may be supposed to be telling. For instance, in writing of Ouida's threatening to prosecute a literary M.P. for his severe criticisms her works and her personal ap pearance, the "Lady's Letter" from London ad dressed to a contemporary hazards the opinion that the resentment is felt more for the die paragement of the lady's features than for the censure on the morality of her novels. In one respect this may be true, because the books being published are open to public cri ticism, whereas the authoress's eyes, nose, and mouth may be considered private property. But to illustrate the assumed fact that'brains never make up to a woman for what she loses in per sonal attraction, the lady correspondent goes on to say, " Does not the brilliant, witty Madame de Sevignd, when speaking of her rival, Madame Bdcamier, vehemently declare that she would give all her boasted learn ing for 'that .pretty fool's face,' and this was the cry - of a woman so courted and flattered that if any mental gifts eould have compensated for her plain fane, surely Madame de Sevignd was in possession of that compensation." The story has been told before, only it was of Madame de Stael, who was un questionably plain. Madame de Sevigne wai a handsome, witty, graceful woman, who lived and died in the 17th century in the time-of the Grand Monarque, Louis XIV., a hundred and fifty years before the rival leaders of society in Paris in the time of the Great Napoleon. The autocratic Emperor banished both these ladies from Paris because their salons were rivals to his own. And Madame Recamier had more than her pretty face to recommend her. She had the exquisite grace and tact and sympathy which iu society attract more than beauty itself, and certainly a great deal more than even great talent in either woman or man. 