THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. ? By Cosmopolitan. No. 10. Victoria- The great scene-shifter — Prog- ress—Future greatness — Manufactures — Behind the scenes— The Australian ' Hunt ly and Palmer' — Hot plum-pudding— Oceans of treacle — Parlour gymnastics — The jurors* aviary — Melbourne by moon light. Victoria exhibits in her displayed re sources many things that suggest profound social problems awaiting the solution of time. Time, that great scene-shifter in the world's drama, changes the locality after a long run, and begins again in a new field, with new actors and fresh accessories ; but the themes, with some variation, are all pretty much the same. Some of the actors live only to acquire wealth — make it their religon almost from the nursery to the grave j others live only to spend it. The people who posess brains and those who possess money often change places and set to other partners. The best men often fail ; the worst succeed. There is always the villian of the piece, and as some fall through the trap- door of oblivion, others enter by the side scenes, and pass across the world's stage in the same fleet ing fashion. There is always the same set of characters, good and bad, virtuous and vile, arid love — ?' Time's fool's' — provides new performers in the shadowy drama. The transition from childhood to youth is not marked by such changes as those which accompany the transition from youth to manhood ; and, judging by its infinite possibilities, of which there is abun dant evidence spread around, Victoria will undergo exeat chancres in the next few years, and crystallise into new and un looked-for shapes undreamed of in the past. With food at the low figure it is here, and and labour so high, and 34 millions of people in the old country, where meat is one shilling per lb., and human flesh and blood s'o cheap, as sung by Tom Hood, it is not likely the present performance can run many j ears longer; and unless we are unable to read the signs of the times, the present Exhibition will greatly accelerate the impending changes. The sooner the better ! There are too many skids on the ?wlieels of progress, and young Victorians, anove all, should travel and see the world. 'We should like to see and read some of the weekly reports of the foreign commissions and exhibitors, sent home- It does people good, as the poet Burns has put on record, 'to see ourselves as others see us.' People denied aspirates, may acquire wealth, and they should begrudge the extra twopence in the school estimates for the teaching of manners. England has got to the stage when she can no longer produce a third of the food required to feed her population, and that difficulty is daily increasing, in so small an island. As an American remarked, «* It is a very nice little island, but I was always afraid of falling over into the sea.' Well, the Exhibition has tatight us that the world will not have to wait centuries to see Aus tralia take her 'place among nation*. In pursuance of onr -self-imposed task, we have not marie much progress in finding out what isndt manufactured in Victoria. We rave, however -satisfied ourselves that at present they do not nianfaCture ^ pau pers' nor 'workhouses.' Neither do they make torpedoes, nor breech- loaders. We have generally remarked ihat those nations which excel in the one field, are usually pre-eminent in the other. May bad legis lation and high civilisation never conduct us to that deplorable consummation! We find, however, which could hardly be anti cipated, that among the Victorian manu factures are railwav locomotives, first-class American saloon cars of elegant construct ion, Pullman cars, seamphores, and all kinds of telegraphic apparatus and agri cultural machinery, and among them all, the nucleus of a nrasenm of antiquities, in the form of the first plough .used in the colony. This patriarch among ploughs bears the marks of age and rough service endured in its pioneering mission, and should be preserved in a glass case for .future generations. Such things as parquet ^flooring, china,, pottery, bronzes, and em broidered ecclesiastical vestments, are amongst the Victorian exhibiia. What would tie gold digger of -a bye-gone day «ay to the last-named? WhRt Captain Costigan said of the gold-epauleted, be decorated, staff officer, probably on the oc casion of his first beholding that glittering peraorage— 'How I should like to pawn him.' After seeing only the finished result in Victorian exhibits, we thought it well to see the modus operand*, and Messrs. Swal low and Ariell first showed us Vehiod' the scenes at their factory at SfindrHgeJ \- Everybody knowe the great English manu ?'futoryof Htintley and Palmer at Reading^ ? witfc its 3,000 .employee. Mr. Swallow graduated many years ago in that .A Ima Mater, Snd 'here Twaj- iiHTe-«n~ Australim '.-Hontley and Palmerfast^rowhurTip. jlli- ?'?factory^ -already covers a-larae e^ace, ,o i igrdund.' We Jinow not how 'ninny ..ton* of ? flour, :6ntter;!i&c;:,* per-iweekr«re-coueunjed. 700 dozens of eggs per diem are used, and a reserve stock, preserved in lime, of some 40.000 dozen is kept up. 669 lbs. of but ter are used for cake alone, per day. : The. famous plum-puddings are boiled by steam; 250 plam-puddinge boiling at one., time ( What a sieht for school- boys 1) or 800 cwt, per day.- The ocean of treacle which flows -from Messrs. Swallow's premises is all puri fied by animal-charcoal, preoared in all its stages on the spot, as indeed is everything throughout the establishment, even to the tin -boxes used for packieg and storing ; and the cooper's work in the making of barrels, && We expected to see myriads of flies in tae treacle department, instead of which there was not one. Perhaps that article is too strong for them 1 More than 300 work people are employed on the premises. Mr. F. Bennett's parlour gymnasium at the Exhibition reminds us that we remark in young Victoria a tendency to run to legs and arms, in other words, unequal develop ment. That such things van be counterac ted by proper means, or developed by cir cumstances, Dr. Darwin has shown con clusively enough, the curious configuration of the giraffe beisg the result of generations of nick- craning after their proper food which grows at a lofty altitude. It is invaluable to people of sedentary pursuits, invalids, or for use in bad weather ; it takes up no more space than an eight-day dock and can be set up any where. Young ladies who desire to develop the just proportions of a Greek Venus, to say nothing of health, should try ene. The jurors are eo numerous — about 300 — that the accommodation is insufficient, and it also has been found necessary to fix the maximum of the cost of their luncheon at 2s. €d. each. These, doves of the State must be duly fed, and not overworked. The lofty turrets on the roof of the Exhi bition buildings are coin? to be utilised for the jurors, and next week three rooms will be ready for meetings and discussions. Should any juror go to sleep, he will not be awoke, but left on the roof all right, the outlet being locked at closing-time.- Should he awake, he can then study the stars, and the~appearance of the panorama of Mel bourne by moonlight, or perhaps, between the glimpses of the moon see the ghosts cf the kangaroo and the aborigine come to re visit their whilom happy-hunting grounds at Carlten. 