ASSOCIATED FACTORIES. We are glad to learn that an attempt ia being rnnde to establish a cheese factory at or near Mount Gambier, and we assume lhat it is to be carried on nnnn tho nrin ciple of associated interests which has worked with surprising suceess in America. In America it was found to be the case, a3 no doubt it is the case here and elsewhere, that every family en gaged iii cheese-making does not contain an expert. They are, on ihe contrary, exceptional Hence cheese made by what i3 now called the 'old plan' or 'family plan,' in America, rarely attiined to ex cellence. The great bulk of it was of only middling quality, and of course realized only middling prices ; and not only so, but even at such prices it failed to hold its own in tbe home market. Foreign cheese was imported, and pre ferred by the fastidious in such matters to that .which the American dairies pro duced. The Americans were not slow to perceive that thus a great national I033 wa.s incurred, and that by an improvement of the home- made article not only might a higher price per lb. be obtained for it in the home market, but a foreign demand for it might be created which would justify and reward indefinitely increased production. The difficulty which seemed to bar the way to associated working there, as here and elsewhere, arose no doubt from the supposition that farmers could not be induced to trust each other sufficiently to render the requisite co-operation amongst them a practically attainable thing. The diffi culty of bringing about sucb. co-operation, however, was soon got rid of in America when the cute Yankee farmers discovered that mutual help secured financial buccbbs. And perhaps there i3 no reason to suppose that South Australian dairy folk would ehow lees intelligence in this respect than their American cousins have shown. As a matter of fact, the advantages which belong to dairying upon the associated principle in America may almost be said to have been discovered by accident. The cheese made in a certain dairy was in great request. The proprietor, a Mr. Williams, had a son who owned a neigh bouring farm. The son did his be3t to emulate his father's success, but, contrary to the teachings of evolu tionists, he failed. Ultimately he tcok his milk just as it camo from the cows to his father's premises, and it was there manipulated into cheese upon terms advantageous to father and son. Top prices were obtained for the produce of ? both farms. The neigh bours, seeing this, came one after another and asked to be admitted into the concern, which thus advanced step by step until it became notable for the exton siveneas of its operations, for the still increasing excellence of its productions, acd for its greatly more than expected success in a financial point of view. Other associated cheese factories were soon afterwards set a - going, Mr. Williams, the founder of this now popular American institution, doing good service to tho cause by his voice and pen. The reetdts achieved in a single generation by I co-operation thus set a-going have astonished even the Americana themselves, and are baing felt in markets whers until recently English-nrule chee30 reigned supreme. In America Societies were formed having for their object the attainment [ and diffusion of knowledge requisite to dairy farming. Practical1 mra- and' „ scientific men met together and iuveati- ., gated and discussed the merits and demerits of different kinds of fodder, and of different breeds of cows, &c; It was found to be advantageous to- mix the milk of different herds. The quality of milk was found to be liable to be greatly deteriorated by allowing, or rather by forcing, the cows to drink the water of sluggish streams or of stagnant pojls in summer-time. In such cases the milk soon becomes what is technically, termed 'tainted,' an effect which micro scopists say is due to the preaonce in it of organic growths, the germs of which tho cowb have derived from the -water by which they havo had to aUke their thirst. After much experimenting and discussion in Americi, the Ayrshire cow seems to have become aa established, favourite with tho dairymen, and her treatment, as well a3 that of her milk, has there been reduced to a science, having for its result a degree of success altogother beyond the grasp of isolated effort as a rule, even when such efibrt may not bo cramped as it too commonly is by a lack of cash and such aids as cash might buy. ' In this colony the making of cheese has, as a rule, to share with household work the housewife's care. However early the good folk may be awake anil Rbroadjbreakfast-tiniecomes, with itsmani foldexicencieSjif not before the cows cm be l.-rought from their paddocks and milked, tiften indeed before the initial processes of luiu-iutuiiug cau oo properly pcrioruieu. Then, after tho morning meal has baen disposed of, there is a formidable array of duties, each claiming timely attention. Xor is this all. la theabsencoof suitable storage appliance?, such as a cool, dry, well- ventilated room, inacceasiblo to mice, aud furnished with broad smooth shelves, the real difficulty of making good cheeso in this climato may almost bo said to begin after a so far properly made cheese leaves the vat. Aud, after all, even when good cheese is made upon a Eiuall scale as a subsidiary resource, it is apt to bo sold at a great disadvantage. Its exceptional excellence ia not fully recognised. It is classed aa ' colonial cheese,' and upon that account it must accept a low price. Now, what 13 wautod here is precisely tho same as a generation ago was needed in America. The status of tho local production must be raised, so that to be ' colonial' will become a high recommendation, instead of the ruvene. And there can scarcely be a doubt now, with American experience in vie.r, as to the means which should be employed to this end. Centrally situated factories, managed by experts, and contributed to as regards milk by associated proprietaries of farmers, would probably achieve success here as in America if the thing can be achieved at alL It is not only that thus better cheese than now is made from tho milk now used would be manufactured, bub better milk and more of it would also accrue, and hence still better cheese and more of it would bo made. Relieved from the drudgery of cheesemaking, and yet participating in the profits thereof, the owners of small herd3 would bo encouraged to improve the breed of their cows, and would have leisure to do bo, and to study and to attend to their comfort, and not merely, as at present too often happens, provide for the baro neces sities of life. Let but a profitable product exhibit the real value of good cows, and no doubt clean yards and a bountiful supply of good and wholesomo wator and food, and considerate treatment in other xespectB, will be brought to bear bore a well as elsewhere, to the benefit of all con cerned. The first step is to increase* the value of the produce by skilful mauipula tion, not necessarily by closely imitating American or Swis3 or British details iu all their minutite ; but by discovering aud by practising the best modes of treat ing pastures, and cattle, and milk, and curd, and cheese here. This, we feel assured, may best be effected by asso ciated action such as that which has suc ceeded bo well in America. Mount Gambier seems to havo taken the initiative in this matter, and wo sincerely wish it success, and hops that its example will bo followed by Mount Barker and by many other similarly suit able localities, where, so soon as it will pay to do so, green fodder may be produced i all the year round, and where pure run- ? ; ning water abounds in almost every field. We see no reason why tho principle . of associated helpfulness should not bo brought to bear in order to enhance tbo - value of colonial products generallj'. In a certain action, in tho days of muzzle loaders, striking effecla were produced by employing tho time of second-class shots in loading the pieces and that of tho first class shots in firing them. So if hero and there a man — one in a thousand — ahould develop an aptitude to make really first class ivine, it would bo obviously great'y . to the advantage of tho many to keep euch a one going with grapeB, so as to njako the moat of his speciality in a national point of view. Tho difficulty of ' finding such men is, of course, increased . by the difficulty of co-operating with them upon terms which would be considered equitable by all concerned. Still, this difficulty which lies in the way of all co-operative action iaa been grappled with by our American cousins, and haB been by them practically ? overcome, and with the very best results in the matttr of dairy management, and there seemB to be no reason why it should longer obstruct the way to a like advan tage here. Why should not the principle of associated factories bo applied hero to the making of oil and wine and jam, and to tho drying of summer fruit? The requisite to success in all these matters ia to manipulate confessedly excellent mate rials bo as to preserve in them their natural excellence through certain neces Eary transformations, and tc) present them to the markets cf the world stamped with a character approved. Isolated effort ia apt to tire and faint before it reaches this goal ; but associated onterpriso might, aLd probably would, endure to the end, and succeed at last. Tns Loas Estimates. — To-day th© Treasurer will ask the Assembly to go into Committee for the purpose of con sidering and approving the Loan Esti mates for tho current financial year. ? This step is taken in compliance with the recommendations of the Finance Commis Eiop. The wisdom of adopting thh cmrsv j Will ilB fct OUbd Ityl'-leui nucu ??« «-*??-} that it is proposed to expend oat of loan no less a sum than £1,390,350, of which the - large amount of .£38,192 will be absorbed in salaries. Of course the outlay for the different works, has already been sanctioned by Acts of Parliament passed in the usual way. Hence, the process recommended by the Finance Commission is, aa we have before pointed out, just the reverse of that which ia taken in regard to the ordinary Estimates. They are considered and passed line by line in Committee of the Assembly, and afterwards the gross totals are included in the Appro priation BilL In regard to the Loan Estimates, the gross amount is passed first in the Loan Act3, and now it ia proposed that the outlay under each head for the year shall be separately con sidered in Committee. That this will be an immense improvement upon the practice which has hitherto prevailed does not admit of question. If only for the sake of directing attention to the large staff rendered necessary by the construc tion of public works, it will be a decided advantage to have the Loan Estimates dis cussed in Committee. There is one point upon which perhaps the Treasurer will be prepared to give explanation. We refer to the degree of authority which will be attached to the vote of the House by the Auditor- GeneraL Even supposing that the consideration of the Loan Estimates merely meant that the House had an opportunity afforded to it of seeking in formation upon the details, it would be still a good thing to have the resolution of the Finance Commissioners acted upon. ^Nevertheless, we trust it will aho be dis tinctly understood that the Auditor General will be bound to pay regard to the vote of the Assembly, as furnishing the authority for the special directions in which money is to be expended during the year. Chinese Immigration'. — The meeting held at the Town Hall yesternight for the purpose of protesting against the conduct of the Legislative Council in throwing out the Bill for restricting and regulating the influx of. Chinese was numerously attended. ' Unanimity of thought prevailed throughout the pro ceedings, and although nothing very startling wai seriously suggested in tho way of . restrictions, preliminary steps ?were taken in order to secure a majority at the coming elections for those who were prepared to vote for a Bill to prevent Chinese immigration, or to impose a poll tax that would be almost prohibitive. The 'speeches made were upon the whole temperate. It is noticeable that the members for the city were absent, think ing perhaps that they had done their duty Mifficiently when voting for the Bill -in j-j passage through the Assembly. It is certain, however, that the Chinese fjiiestion will not be dealt with fairly until it is calmly and dispassionately considered as an intercolonial question. The effort to make it a mere party cry at the elections will, we hope, fail, as it deserves to do. It is by the help of such cries that adventurers, remarkable neither for honesty nor for ability, scramble into power ; and we hope and believe the day is. far distant when the constituencies of South Aus tralia will bo so misguided as to allow all the more important questions affecting the wellbeing of the colony to be pushed on one side by a mere party cry, which will not even lead to a fair settlement of the matter to which it refers. The Legislative Council a-*d the Lheksed Victuallers Bill — It has been pointed out to us that in our remarks in Saturday's JietjUter we did an injustice to Mr. Fisher by stating that his amend ment of clause 09 of tho Licsnsed Victuallers Bill was to substitute the words ' less than' for ' more than,' which, aa we stated, marie ncm3eii30 of the clause. We observe that in tha reprint of tho Bill tha words are ' not less than,' and this Mr. Fisher states is what he proposed. That such was his intention we can readily believe, and we frankly admit that his amendment has been so understood by the Clerk of the House. In our remarks we were misled by the ' Hansard' report, which wo must assume was in thi3 matter incorrect. Nevertheless, we are bound to say that we have -noticed in more than one instance this session that where several amend ments have been proposed in succession un intentional mistakes have been made in putting them, and the reporters of course endeavour to follow what is said. At the time we wrote we had not been able to obtain a clean reprint of the Bill, and hence we had no means of checking the report. We can only say if we have done Sir. Fisher an injustice we have done it unintentionally, and we regret tha mis take should have occurred. Thb Goversob.— His Excellency Sir 171111801 Jervois left Melbonrte for Adelaide by the Sonth Australian on Muud'.y afternoon. Depabtcrb or the Oczco.— The steamer Cozco siiled from Largs B»y at 5 p m. yesterday, with 2,257 btlea of wool, for the November sales and fcrty-fci&ht; tonB of sundry measurement cargo. Db Yocko's Ixsolvuxct.— The hearing of the case of Samue! Do Young, of Pert Adelaide merchant, was continued at the Insolvency Coatt on. Monday. Several ot the witnesses were cross-examined, and the hearing was then adjourned, for a week. Kates of Exchabgb — TVe uadei stand that til the Banks in Adelaide are issuing drafts on Condon at sixty days' sight at i per cent, pre mium, ar.d purchasing bilk of tho name currency at J per cent, discount. Thb 'Waterworks.— The contractor, Mr. O. A. Brsillie, has commenced the work of laying tlie new eighteen-inch main along the North Eaat- road from the Hope Valley Reservoir. The depth of water ia that reservoir is now forty tbree feet, and the quantity stored, amounting to 5C0.QCO.0GO gallons, U the largest which it has ever contained. Thk Wallaeoo Jettt.— We are informed that Mr. Duncan Graut, the contractor tor the erection of the Wallaroo Jetty, has reported to the Engiueer-in-Chief that the depth ot water at Wallaroo was not in accordance with that Ehown on the plans made by Mr. Patterson, the Chief Asgutant-Hntjineer. Tao difference, it ia said, is \h\z thvre are Jrom 15 in. to S ft. 8 in. greater depth of wat.T thia is spscifiad, th:u making Mr. Kickwsn's soundings more correct ttan Mr. Patterson's. On referring the matter to the Public Works Offico we were assured that Sir. Patterson's soundings are absolutely correct, as besides beicg taken by h;in they were also takca by two independent officers at different periods, and the resultant to prove that th*y were practically idautical. It is possible tint owing to the rocky nature of the bottom for about IS feet from the shore some of the piles may require to be a fcot or eighteen inches ierger than as shown on the drawing*, but owing to the uneven nature of the b»d Into which they have to be driven if' is fact conid not be foresetn. We hsve received the following meswg* from our Wallaroo correspondent, to whom we tele granhfd for information:— 'Some vague rumours Lave been afioafc to the eifect that the wafer U deep, r than shown aa the working plans. If correct tbis woold not affect any one bat con tractors, who might require longer timber, and consequently might require compensation ; bat eioce receiving your telegram I have made the teeeesary enqnirSsis, and am assured on good authority that if tlwre is any difference it ia not more than three or tour inches. If, on the othsr band, a discrepancy of thd all-g^d kind wis made u*e cf to show that the previous site was rot bo bvl as supposed it would be absurd, as the nature of the ground and depth of water at tbe previous and the present directions of jetty are totally different, although both jetties ststted frcra the raae spot. Ths present jetty ii oa the north, while the coademn.-d one would Esye gone to the south of Stony Point, which point seems to be the cause of difference in depth of water and otherwise.' Aijjbet Bill, Gemia-v Clfotottse. — The members of tha Adelaide laedertafel will give a concert in tha Albert Hall, Pirie-atreet, this evening. The proceeds are in aid of the Baild irg Fund of the hall. St. ArcusTcre's CmrKca, Uktst. — An eater taiEiEcrst in aid of tic Btsildiag Fund nil! be Scfbikb Doubt.— On Monday, Ostobsr 11, their Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Gwynne, and Mr. Justice Boncant sit in Binco. In the ctse of Formby and Another t. Cherry and Others costs were given for the plaintiff*. In the matrimonial causes jurisdiction an order was made in the divorce suit of Martha Kearney v. Danie! Kp aroey that the trial be oral before i a Judge and Jary, and forty shillings per week \ was granted in the Bhape of alimouy penhnte ? lite. Dr. Walter Smith appeared for the petitioner, and Mi. Moore for the respondent. : In the divorce suit of Sampson v. Sampson, Mr. | Stuart on behalf of the petitioner moved for directions as to [mode of trul. Mr. Strickland G. Kingston appeared for the respondent. Tae | BOit was ordered to be tried before a Judge and ' Jury. The divorce suit of Lamb v. Lamb was j also ordered to be tried on affidavit before a ; Judge, and 14 days extension of time wag ; granted for the filing of affidavits. Mr. j Strickland G. Kingston appeared for the J petitioner.' In the case of Philip Harvey against j Thomas Hnbbard the rule for a new trial was I made absolute on tbe motion of Mr. Nesbit, after Mr. Wadey had shown cause. The Court then adjourned. Thb Adelaide Chbss Tocrxameht.— Daring the past fortnight games have been played, Messrs. Nesbit, Cattle, Fnnnell, Machin, Melvin, McNiece; Steele, and Govett winning respec tively from Messrs. Castle, Barton, ? Goake, Eubini, Trotter, Steele, Cooke, and Trotter. Mr. Govett appears to be safe for the first prize, and Messrs. Machin and Nesbit a good second, with Messrs. Dumas, Funnell, and Steele well up. Mr. Steele still has two unfinished games with Messrs. Govett and Trotter. The following is the score to date : — FibstClass. W.L. I Tmr.o Class. 'W.L. T. Elliot ... _. 7 6 I C. Castle ... „. 5 8 E. Govett ... ... 10 1 1 W. Cooke ... ... 3 11 E. M. Steele ... 9 3 O.B. Funnell ...9 4 T. H. Y. Trotter ... 7 5 I T. F. MacHn ... 12 3 Second Class. j T. B. Opie ? i 13 F. R. Burton ... 6J 4 Fourth Ciass. W. P. Daj ... „. ii 5 V. E. U. Duma* ... 9 4 W. Melvin ? 7$ 6 J. McNiece... ... 4 S U. A. Nesbit ... lit 2 A. H. EaJtai .. 0 13 A. W. Eofters ... 1 71 J R Stephens ... 2 10 J The fifteenth round will be played Tuesday, October 12, as follows:— McNiece v. Cioke, Dumas v. Trotter, Button v. Bteele, Rubini. ?». Castle, Stephens v. Nesbit, Rogers v. Machin, Day v. Govett. Tbe sixteenth and last round but ene is a fiitsro for next Tuesday evening, October 19, when the following pairs are to meet: — McNiece v. Govett, Machin v. Melvin, Coak v. Kubiui, Kesbit v. Steele, Dumu v. Day, Castle v. Rogers, and Funnell r. Stephens. The Sugabgith and 'White Ani3. — Ths Conservator of Forests, nnder the Baitd'a direction, has been making experiments with various kinds of South Australian and othsr timbers with a view to ascertaining which species best withstands the attacks of white ants. Mr. J. E. Brown reported the result of these trials to tbe Board at their meeting on Monday, October 11, and the conclusion he had arrived at was that the experiments were very much in favour of the sugtrgum (Eucalyptus coryno calyx), ard lie directed special attention to that fact aa being worthy of careful consideration. Tho sugargum withstood the white anta much better thia redgnm and kauri, and as well as. if not better than, bluegnm, jsrrab, and other hard woods. Tha sngargum, moreover, had many other qualifica tions as a timber tree, as it was straight-grained, bard, and compact, and posts made from it had been known to be in the ground fifteen yews without nhowing much sign of decay. The facts set forth by the Conservator are well worthy of public attention, for the ravages of white ants are bo serious that timber capable of foiling those little pests in their operations is most valuable in the construction of wooden woiks in localities where the white ant pitches his camp and conducts his sapping and mining manoeuvres. HlHDUABBH-EQUABH CUUHCH. — The Sale of useful and fancy goods held in the schoolroom adjoining this church was continued on Monday af tereoon, October 11. There was a good atten dai.ee, and the ladies dL-posed of a lot of the remaining articles. Tea and public meetings were held in the church in the evening, both of which wtre well attended. The pastor (tha Rev. F. W. Cox) presided at the latter meeting, ami stated during the post jear there had beeu various causes for sorrow, but theyhad also had pleasant recollections, and they looked forward to joyful anticipations for the future. He hoped that the coming year would be more rich and full of blessings than tbe past. The Kevs. J. O Kirby, IV. B. Fletcher, MA., T. Hope, O. Copland, P. Law. and Mr. A. Stow delivered buitable addresses. Govebhmest Tbitdees. — The following tenders were opeLed oa Monday, Octobar 11, viz ; — At tho Eiigineer-in-Ohiei's OiEce— For the con struction of a jetty at Balgowa;, Yorke's Feniceula, seven tenders, James Nieol & Co., lowest ; fcr the construction of a jetty at each of tbe following places on tbe west coast, viz — Venus Bay, Mount Dutton Bsy, and Waterloo Bay— four tenders, Frank Gtorge, lowest At the Architect-in-ChieFs Offif.e — For the erection of a Peat and Telegraph 0ffice8 at Bilaklava, four tenders, J. Basedow, Jowe t; for building . additions and executing sundry repairs at the Pest-Office, and erecting stabling and fencing at the Police Station.Overland Coruer.t wo,t he lo wer cot declared ; for the erection of a Post and Ttlegraph .Station nt Yarrowie, three, J. Techritz, lowest. Thb Late Mb. Roberts, Cocxciixob of thb Uklet Cu2FOBATio!t. — A specij meeting of tie XTnley Corporation was held on Monday evening to express sympathy with the widow of the late Councillor Roberts, who had for several ytars been a member of the Council, and who was very greatly respected in the municipality. The Mayor and the Councillors who were pre sent made some eulogistic references to the character of their late member, after which two motions, embodying resolutions of regret and of sympathy with the widow, were carried unanimously. Thb Poet Pibib Coubt. — Mr. Edmunds, 831. is in hot water with the Port Pirie people (says the A reas Express). They are offended because the Court sits so short a time on the day when he attends, in order that he may get away to his home between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Instead of speaking to the Magistrate on tha subject, they addressed the Attorney- General, and aaktd that a Special Magistrate might be appointed for Port Pirte. This request was v«ry properly refused, as there have beeu but two adjournments for tbe year, and Mr. Edmunds administers a rebuke to the local Justices for ' joining with notoriety-seeking attorneys and demagogues in publicly abusing the Special- Magistrate of the district.' To this the Town Council put their oar in with a letter to the Magistrate telling him that hi' language ' is ill-advised, offensive, and uncalled-for.' Pbofeshob Pepper's Ghost.— Last evening a large audience assembled at Garners Theatre to witness the second representation in Adelaide of Professor Feppet's Ghost. Tno spectral illu sion was received with every expression of satis faction, as were also the representations of cele brated ancient and modern statues, the colour changes, and the various illustrated gboat-Btories which enlivened the entertainment. Every one present seemed to thoroughly enjoy the evening's amusement, rendered the more pleasing by the dry jokes with which the Professor inter lards his lecture. To-night the same programme is repeated. Bcoot Accsdemt. — A man named Frank Butters was admitted into the Adelaide Hos pital on Monday, October 11, suffering from a severe fracture of the leg near the ankle joint, caused by juropitg out of a buggy. Kekt To-vck Wbsletam Chtbch.— Tea and public meetings in connection with the anniver sary services cf the above Church were held on Monday evening, October 11. Both meeting? were very well attended, and at the latter the Eon. J. Co Iton, M.P., presided. The Treasurer (Sir. M. Kingsborough) read his report, which allowed that at the last anniversary the dost on the church, lecture hall, and parsonage wsa £3,cU). Strenuous efforts had been made d miens the year to reduce this amount, and a bazaar was held. They b&d; paid off £700, leaving a balance of £2,800 to be carried for ward. Addresses were also delivered by the Rev*. S. Knight, H. T. Burgess, D. O'Donaell, B. Chapman (of Sydney), and Mr. T. Rhodes. Totes of thanks were accorded to the ladies for presiding at the tea, the choir, and the office bearer*. During the evening tbe choir, under the direction of Mr, W. R. Pybus, contributed several very choice selections in a very pleasing iracner. ' ForjiD Deottjthd.— The reaa Tiaiothy Ryan, stout whom some anxiety has lately been felt by his friends in Adelaide, on account of his prolooged disappearance, was found drowned in a waterhole at £oseworthy on Sunday morning. An icquest was held at Boseworthy yesterday, Sid a verdict wu returned that deceased came to his death by drowning whilst suffering from tercporary insanity. Adelaidh Betbvolsxt asd Stra^gehs' Fbiwd Society. — The annual meeting of this Society tock place in the Church Office, Leigh i street, on Monday afternoon, October 11, and t the years report proved that the operations of I the institution had been [successful in affording t relief to many individuals who required chari table aid. Bkafhk Msxomal Chtbce. — Mr. J. B. Cbaarton will deliver a lecture under the title of ' tendon to Psria' in tbe Draper Memorial Thb CouHcn. amj thb Chtwssb.— The Town Hall was filled on Monday evening by a numerous gathering of persons in favour of the Chinese Poll-Tax Bill lately thrown out in the Legislative Courcil. His Worship the Mayor presided. A number of speakers addreised the meeting, condemning in strong terou the action of the members of the Couucil ia rejecting the Bill, and particularly those hoa. gentlemen who had promised on the busting* at the lait election to check the influx of Chinese, but who had broken their pledge by opposing tha Poll Tax Bill. The greatest unsniaiity w.ia sho;ru by the speakers and the meeting in denouncing tbe Chinese as being uufit in every respect for coloniBts either in South Australia proper ot ia the Korthern.Territory, and Mr. Jas. Thomas, who essayed to Bpe&k; & few words in their favour, was hissed down. The first motion wag proposed by Mr. F. Lea.k as follows: — ' That in the opiLion of this meeting the action of the Legislative Council in rejecting the Bill to restrict Chinese immigration is opposed to the view? of the electors, and is injurious to the welfare of the colonists.' After this had been carried, Mr. Grainger explained the object of the Anti-Cbinese League, and asked the meet ing for subscriptions on its behalf, which he assured them would be used only to sec ore tha return of such men to Parliament at tha next election as were -pledged to vote against Chinese immigration. He then proposed a resolution, stating that it was desirable that steps should immediately be taken to secure the return of members to both Houses of the Parliament who were in favour of tee Bill. A vote of thanks i having been passed to Mr. Bray for introducing the Chinese Bill, and to the members who supported it in both Houses, the meeting ter minated. A collection was made at tbe door in aid of the Anti-Chinese League. XXX The Unley Telegraph Office.— A Tele graph Station was opened at Unley on Monday October 11, a small building near to Mr. Samson's store having been utilized both as Post-Offire and Telegraph Station. It cannot be said by the worst enemies of the Govern- ment that they have been extravagant as far as Unley is concerned, for the present offices are contained in a most unpretentious building. The insignificant character of the place was fully recognised by the various speakers at the opening ceremony, they being, however, pleased to regard this as "the day of small things" which is to lead up to a most important future. Amongst those present at the opening were — the Mayor of Unley (Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.), and some of the Councillors of that muni cipality. Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., was also present. The Telegraph Station was formally opened by the sending of the usual congratula tory telegrams. >Mr. Towns«»nd wired ? rtspectively His Excellency Six W. F. D. Jervois (who ia at present in Mel bourne), the Chief Secretary (Hon. W. Morgan), the Minister of Education (the Hon. Thomas King), and the Mayots cf Adelaide and Port AdtisWe, announcing the fact that TJnley had beti pl.iced iu telegraphic communication with the outtr world. MrJTownstnd then declared tbe Telegraph Offico oppp, and called for three cheers for tho Qu-:eu, which were most heartily responded to An adjournment was then made to the Council Chamber, where several toiits were drunk. Tbe ipec ia] toista of the occasion were, ' The Ministry. ( onpled with the name of ths Hon. Thomas Kii p,' 'Mr. C. Tqdd,'an-i ' The Mayor of Unle; .' All the toasts were responded to with entt uaiasm. Tun Ofeba.— The (hauB9 in the cliss of entertainment at theT leatre Royal has brought wiihita marked contrast in the composition of the auditory. Instead of seeing the boxes scantily filled as they were during the reign of tbe sensational dramas we have been treated to during the last two months, this p&tt; of the bouse, as well as the stalls, pit, and gallery, have been well filled during the two nights of ' Mari tana.' Last night the attendance was a brilliant one, and the ever-popular opera, with its many beautiful airs, was received with a good deal of enthusiasm by the house, which was especially liberal in its applause when the leading characters in the piece presented themselves on tbe stage. To-night the 'Boss of Castile' will take tbe place of 'Maritana,' and in it Madame Bose Hersee will make her first appearance thia season. Thb Sooth Australian CatCEBrnro Asso ciatiok. — Tfce first meeting of the delegates of tee Cricketing _ Association was held at the Prince Alfred on Monday evening, when a largs amount of business was transacted. Mr. J. W. Colton was re-elected Gb&innin; of the Com mittee; and tbe Chairman, the Treasurer (Mr. Crooks'), atd Messrs. Good en. King, and Davies were appointed to compose the Standing Committee. The Match Committee it was decided should consist of one delegate from each club. 'With reference to the intercolonial match to be played iu Molbourne, the committee have decided to accept the dates proposed by the Victorian Association, vi-., tbe 12th, 13 tb, scd 15th of November. Tbe Match Committee will meet on Wednesday to select a team, and in the opening match to be played on the 23rd of tbis month the eleven chosen will oppose tha next fifteen of the Association. On the fol lowing Saturday ordinary club matches will commence, and Tuesday and Thursday after noons are to be Bet apart for Oval practize during the reason. Suggested Fohbst Eesbbvb.— At the usual ireeting of the Forest Board, held on Monday, October 11, among other matters of interest it was reported by the Conservator that some of tbe country in the vicinity of Mount Crawford was well suited for forest reserve purposes, on veconnt of the soil, natural features, and general tree-bearing character of the locality. He con tidrred the country there well adapted for the profitable growth of many valuable kinds of exotic timber-trees. The Board decided to forward the Conservator's report to the Com missioner of Crown Lands, with the request that he would consider the advisability of having a forest reserve declared at Mount Crawford. It Bay be remembered that we advocated the reserve of thia land for forestry purposes some four months ago. Pobt Adelaidb Bbakch Biblb Society. — The annual meeting of the Port branch of the British end Foreign Bible Society took place in the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, on Monday night, October 1L The Mayor (Mr. Tbeo. Hack, J.P.) presided, and there was a moderate attendance. Mr. Thomas Parker, the Secretary, read the report, showing that, though the past year's operations had not beeu very fruitful, it was gratifying to mark the vigorous efforts which were being made to reorganize the branch. Thanks were dne to the lady collectors for their exertions. The year's receipts were £18 19*. 7d., payments £15 19&, leaving a balance, inclusive of previous credit, of £19 lCs. in tie hands of , the Treasurer (Mr. John Neill, J.P.) It was regretted that but £10 could be voted this year to the parent Society, but the hope was entertained that a larger amount would be sect the n?it year. The value of Bibles and Testaments in hand was £31 6s. 2d. Addresses were given by the Revs. J. H. Angus and W. Law, and Messrs. J. Neill and E. Eounslow. CHAXMBBB CnTBCH LlTBHAHT ASSOCIATION. — A meeting of this Association Wai held in the schoolroom attached to Chalmers Church on Monday evening, October 11, to hear a lecture on a ' Trip to Norway,' delivered by Mr. J. L. Parsons, M.P. There was but a moderate atten dance, but there mitfh* have been a better one if greater publicity had been given to the affair, as tbe peculiar talent for description possessed by Mr. Parsons always enables him to invest the driest subject with more than ordinary interest; and where there is so much scope for the narrator's art cf wcrd-painting in such a subject as that chosen by the lecturer, who could speak from personal observation, it might have been safely expected that an intellectual treit would be afforded. The Bev. Mr. Paton, M.A., occupied the chair. The lecture delivered by Mr. Parsons is an old one reset. It waa an account of a trip to Norway made by himself and a party of friends a few years back, and be evidently made the most of his time while in that region of romance, magnificent scenery, and weird effects. He described the peculiari ties of such of the people as he came in contact with, the characteristics of country, and the impressions created by his experiences. He expatiated upon the grandeur of Norwegian scenery, gave a graphic description of the most remarkable cf the grand or sublime sights in tie rugged regions he visited, and closed a most interesting narrative with an account of the Storthing cr Norwegian Parliament. A hearty Vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer on his cosclsdicg. BEXTHiif-iTRSXT Chubch.— Anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with this Church will be held this evening. Adelaide Abchkht Club.— The second bow meeting of the reason was held on Saturday last. About fifty members and visitors were present. The silver arrow for the ladies' highest score was won by Miss JE. Price with 223 points, less blue, black, and ?white rings, 149; second, Mrs. Vivian, with 142, leas black and white, 113; third, Miss Crawford, 140, less bUck and white, 1G6. The silver arrow fox the gentlemen's highest score was won by Mr. L. Giles, 72; second. Professor Kelly, S3. Mr. Giles also took the Ladies* Challenge Prize. The highest ; score for Colonel DowneVs prize was made by I Miss Vivian, tamely, 262, including a handicap | of ISO; second, Miss Crawford. 243. with a ; handicap of 105 ; third. Miss Horn, 231. with a handicap of 50 ; fourth, Miss E. Price, 223, with no handicap. Mr. V. DrifiieM was elected a member. 