TOWN TALK.. We give to-day, per Renter, the full text of the Queen's speech at the opening of Par liament. Renter's Melbourne agent writes us:—" The Age of Friday published a tele gram announcing that Parliament had been opened, the telegram bearing the time 5.25. If this refers to the morning, it is evident the announcement was many hours in advance of the event; if to the afternoon, the Age must have gone to press before the message was despatched from London." Renter's tele gram left London, we are advised, at 2.30 p.m. on Thursday, that is, within one hour of the opening ceremony. Our cable messages supply a synopsis of the Queen's speech on the opening of the Im perial Parliament, and state that the address in reply has been carried in both Houses, although in the Commons it met with the opposition of the Irish Home Rule party. Mr Gladstone indicated the foreign policy of, his Government in a lengthy speech, a re sume of which also appears |in our tele* graphic columns. We learn from Dr. Reid that Mr R. Cuth bert, who was so serionsly injured on Wed nesday, is still suffering severely from the effects, but there now appears to be some chance of his recovery. He was yesterday in as satisfactory a state as could have been expected- ~ For the benefit of tradesmen who wish to take County Court proceedings, we may mention that to-day is the last day on which summonses can be taken out. A Government clerk of works yesterday inspected the new police barracks prior to their being banded over to the Department. The resnlt of his report has not yet tran spired. For the purpose of ornamenting the reserve round the hnilding, application was made for a few trees from the State nur sery at Mount Maccdon. A hundred healthy young plants, of different species, including oaks and other English thick foliage trees, as well as piues, were yesterday received, and they will be put in the ground as soon as possible. In another column will be found a report of tbe autumn meeting of the Wyndham Racing Clnb, which took place yesterday afternoon. The winners of the various events were as follow :—Hurdle Race— Rover, 1; Hullah, 2 ; Marshal, 3. Wer ribee Park Handicap—Prattle, 1; Rawdon, 2 ; Transit, 3. ; Maiden Plate—Sea Serpent,. 1; Patter, 2 ; Stanley, 3. Selling Stakes— Don Silva, 1; "Victoria, 2; Daybreak, 3. Wyndham Handicap—Rawdon, 1; Queens land, 2; Alert,- 3.- Handicap Steeplechase —Ace of Trumps, 1; Rataplan, 2. It was quite a gala day at Werribee Park yesterday, the occasion being a gathering of tbe residents of Werribee and district, at the invitation of the Messrs T. and A. Chirnside. MrT. Chirnside is about leaving tbe man sion in the park on a visit to England, and sports of various kinds were arranged as a kind of public farewell- Prizes to the valne of abont £50 were offered for competition, and jthere was a large attendance of' tbe district inhabitants. The first items on the programme of sports were two rifle matches, No. 1 being at 400 yards, 500 yards, and 600 yards ranges, five shots being fired at each range. The following were winners of prizes in the order named :—Newenham, 61 points, first; Watters, 55, second ; Dyer, 53, third ; Nolan, 47, fourth ; Wattou, 45> fifth; Miller, 42, sixth. No. 2 match was at 200 yards and 300 yards ranges, five shots at each range, and the winners were— M 'Kinnon, 41 points, first; Riley, 27, se cond E. Ison, 26, third. The athletic sports resulted as follows 100 Yards Race (boysnnder 10 years)—Nolan, 1; Healey, 2. lOOYardsRace (boysnnder 13 years)—White, 1; Hogan, 2. lOOYardsRace (boysnnder 16 years)—Wickham, 1; White, 2. Men's Race, 250 yards—Richmond. 1; M'Lennan, 2. Old Buffers' Race, 100 yards—O'Donnell, 1; Car roll, 2. Girls' Race, 100 yards—C. Heath, 1; M. Moloney, 2. Men's Race, 300 yards —C. Agar, 1 ; C. Fassey, 2 ; W. Lambie, 3. Station Hands Race, 150 yards—A. Came ron, 1; G. Chirnslde, 2; IX M'Kinnon, 3. Men's Race, 200 yards—A. M'Lennan,- 1; H. Grass, 2; J. Maher, 3. In the evening a grand invitation ball took place at the homestead. ■ Some little amusement was created in the Police Court yesterday morning by a man named John Donohne, who was summoned by Thomas Marshall, the herdsman of the Newtown and Chilwell Borough Common, for allowing three heifers to wander at large on the public .streets without any person being in charge. Don'ohue, when asked whether he had anything to say, referred in a pathetic manner to his acquaintance with the herdsman for over twenty years, during which time he had never before been sum moned. After thus raising the " ghost of the past," he gravely remarked, with much depth of feeling, " I know why yon have down on me now—it's because I did not vote for the Berry mob last election." This mixing of cows and politics was too much for the Bench. A smile of incredulous amusement spread over the magistrates' faces, and despite the too- apparent connec tion between Mr Berry, the cows, and the herdsman's changed feelings towards the defendant, they fined him 5s and 2s 6d costs. The Town Inspector informs us that he has received instructions from the Town Clerk, by direction of the Public Works Committee, to cause the footpaths of the town to be kept clear of goods being placed on them, either for show or sale. There fore, any party, after the 22nd insfc, who places goods, placards, or any other matter or thing npon any of the aforesaid footpaths of the town will be prosecuted. Obstruc tions of any kind will not be permitted for the future. The principal business transacted at the Police Court yesterday was the hearing of a lumber of cases against burgesses in the * Borough of Newtown and Chilwell for allow- ^ iog cattle to wander unprotected on the j streets of the borough. A fine of os and 2s ] jd costs was iutlicted iu each of the follow- s fog case3:—C4eorge Morrison, John Barnard, i Sarratt Blariohtield, \V. Lowe, and John Donohue. A case in which the Truant In- j spector had summoned William Albaery for < ueglectiug to send three of his children to « school the number of daj?s required by the ] Act was withdrawn, as it had .been ascer tained that the children had been suffering from diphtheria. John J. Williams, brought up on remand on a charge of drunkenness, was discharged, as it was his first offence. The presiding magistrates were Messrs Upton, Clarke, Reeves, nud Pardey, Js.P. The train from Melbourne last evening was about half an hour, behind time in arriving at Geelong. The delay was occasioned by a detention in shunting trucks at tlib Werri bee station. Publicans may be cautioned with respect to a young man of respectable appearance who has been victimising sundry hotel keepers by remaining in their hotels and ob taining drinks without paying for the beve rages. The young fellow is in the habit stating that he comes from either Colac or Camperdown. The departure of a number of members of our local Fire Brigades to the Sandhurst de monstration need not excite any apprehension as to tliet-ovru befog-left defenceless in case of fire.- A quite efficient corps is left behind to deal with any emergency. The lecture to be given by the Rev. Mr Kingdon on Tuesday next, at the Fenwick street Baptist Church, promises to be very largely attended, the subject chosen by the rev. gentleman being one iu which the public are just now deeply interested. He proposes to depict the Chinese in their trne character as he became acquainted with it by some residence in China as a missionary. He will tell ns about their country, langnage, dress, food, employment, their home habits and customs; discourse on much that is interesting in relation to their women, the way they are trained up, the practice of in fanticide, their marriage laws, their commer cial shrewdness, and, above all, tc Is Chinese immigration desirable." We look forward in this lecture not to an intellectual treat only, but for a key, in some sense, to much that we fafi. to understand in the Chinese as a people located in oar midst for the last quarter of a century. A considerable num ber of tickets have been-sold for this lecture, and it is to be regretted that it was not an nounced to take place in a larger building.. The work of giving the streets of the town i their winter dressing of stone has been com j menced. Workmen "are now engaged in I spreading a thick coat of metal on Malop | street, between Yarra-street and Bellerine street. - . - The first twenty of the Geelong Football Club will play the first match of this season for the championship of the colony on Mon day. The opposing team will be the first twenty of the Hotham Club, and conclu sions will be tried on the Fast Melbourne ground • play to commence at half-past two o'clock. The Geelong men will proceed to Melbourne by the train leaving here at S.27 a.m. on Mouday, and will assem ble at the United Service Clnb Hotel at a quarter to two to don their uniforms, rooms haying been engaged for that purpose. The names of the representatives of the champion team we published yesterday morning, and from them it will be seen that although several who did good service to the club are absent, their places are filled by those who will do credit to themselves and to thcjjlub. As Hotham is said to muster a strong team this season, their mettle will he fairly tried, and it may be judged whether the confidence of those who anticipate for them an unbroken series of victories during 1SS0 is misplaced or not. . _ The Moorabool wharf presented quite a bu3y appearance yesterday afternoon, I shortly after the arrival; of the steamer Edina from Melbourne. The pier was co vered for some distance, and to a height of about ten feet, with chaff and other farm produce for forwarding by tbe steamer to the metropolis.' A large gang of laborers was accordingly employed to stow away the cargo. The Age, in ita report of Thursday night's debate on the lleform Bill, in' giving Mr Berry's speech, makes the hon. gentleman say:—"He, for one, would be prepared to support it. "In other words, Cs Sd in.the .pound would be acceptable rather than nothing at all. But the hon. member's pro posals would only have the effect of making the Council impregnable for all time, and would ntterly annihilate manhood suf frage." There issuchan evident'contradiction in this that we are certain there must be a mistake " somewhere." We find nothing of the kind in the Argus, which may be supposed to give an almost verbatim report of the pro ceedings ; nor in the Daily Telegraph, which wonld certainly have "rejoiced to publishthe first three lines of the paragraph had they been snokeu bv Mr Berrv. " The Mammoth Minstrels and Victoria Loftns Troupe performed at the Mechanics' Institute last night to a very good house. The drawingroom entertainment, which opened the programme, was given in fine style by the minstrels, and the audience were by no mean3 chary with their ap plause. The same programme was given as was gone'throCL'U on the previons evening ; and whilst the terpsichorean performances of ladies and gentlemen secured loud ap plause, the "nigger" comicalities elicited bursts of laughter. Messrs Le Clair and Hawkins were very successful in their female impersonations. This evening an en tire change of programme is promised. At last night's meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Association the " Monthly Magazine" formed the principal business. The principal articles were' the editorial— " As others see us," by Mr J. F. Hogan ; " The new Parliament," by Mr J. J. Trait'; and " Geelong as a seaport," by These papers received the applause of the meeting, and were afterwards exhaustively discussed. ' The chairman having inti mated that the question, " Has the stage a moral tendency," would be discussed ou next evening, the meeting adjourned. Mr Want and Mr Buchanan (remarks a Sydney paper) love each other. The former threw np a 50-guinea brief in the Sampson perjury case because the latter was retained in it. At a meeting of the Richmond Town Coun cil, held on Thursday night, the health officer reported that since the (ith inst. 19 cases of measles had occurred in the town. The Wantabadgery heroes (says a Sydney paper) have apparently been forgotten by the police authorities. Hot a single promo tion in connection with the affair ha3 been made. This is highly encouraging to the police forces Knst has appeared extensively in the wheat crops in the neighborhood of Pcrri coota, in the Echuca district. Farmers are faking measures to stop it by patting sheep and cattle into the paddocks to eat the crop down. Out of the 32 applicants for admission as pupils to the experimental farm at Cashel, 15 have accepted the conditions, and it is pro bable that arrangements will be made for the accommodation of all the 15. A woman, name unknown, about 40 years of age, committed suicide at the South Head, Sydney, by throwing herself down from the cliff on to the rocks below, a depth of about 150ft. She was of respectable appearauce, and is supposed to have been drinking. His Honor Mr Justice Stephen, in the case of John M'Millan, tried for manslaughter at the Ballarat Assize Court ou Thursday, gave (says the Star) a gentle rap to the Crown Prosecutor, stating to the - effect that he thought that Mr Mulesworth was so often engaged in defending prisoners that his sym pathy sometimes carried him slightly away when he was prosecuting, and he was less rigid than he ought to have been in stating the case. A case of sudden death occurred at 'ootscray on Thursday afternoon. Thomas Valsh, aged 64, an old pensioner, -was onnd.afc the rear of a Btack of stones in lopkins-street quite cold and benumbed, le had been supplied with his dinner ;ome three hours previously, and appeared n excellent health when his daughter left 11m. The Benalla Standard says that tlie police lave not visited the spos where the three :onstables were murdered hy the Kelly gang •ince the murder was committed. Perhaps the police are afraid the locality is haunted, l'he n'u/ipHiiyu/i A'eies says the gang, it is known, are in the Strathbogie Ranges "coolly preparing themselves for coming events," i.e., efforts to secure their capture. The Hamilton Spectator writes:—"The Horsham wheat market is improving both as regards price and quality. During the last few days from o'J'J to 400 bags have been delivered at the railway station, and through competition amongst some of the local buyers, the price has increased to 33 9M. per bushel." "The following Exhibition items are sup plied by the Sydney Neics:—Two Sydney detectives are to be -sent to Melbourne for duty in- the International Exhibition. It is stated tliatthe'nbiquitousseuior-sergeantLar. kins is to be the chief. Chevaliers d'ihduslne, cardsbarpers, et hoc geitus omne, are leaving Sydney for Melbourne to honor by their presence the Exhibition in the Victorian \- niitrtmic nptrs ' A Tinmlutr of metropolis. . Glorious news ! A: number of the street organ-grinders are going to the Melbourne Exhibition. So are some of the amateur blindj~men. _; - •A married woman -named Emma Ivennff, aged 26 years, died suddenly at half- past six o'clock on Thursday, at the residence of Mrs Griffiths, No. 5, Griffin's-lane, off Lons dale-street. Her husband, according to the report made by the police, is a laborer, and had been separated from his wife for the last fonr or live days, during which time ha occasionally visited her. At noon on Thursday she complained of being ill, and Mrs Griffiths left to obtain an order to have her admitted to the Melbourne Hospital. Daring her ab sence the deceased died. The Sydney ATeics writes:—How strange it was that the wealthy relatives of a man charged before the criminal sessions with a seriolis—very serious—offence, should be able to inform their friends what the verdict would be as soon .as the jury were empan nelled ! And why did they imprudently "expose their hand" by offering to bet, when the ease came on at the session, that the result would be similar to the last, he., a disagreement? When these wealthy rela tives come to town and swipe " swankey," they cannot hold theirjtongues. The Benalla correspondent of the Argus telegraphs to that journal a3 follows :—"In formation of a somewhat startling character has oozed out to the effect that the police have the Kellys almost nnder their eye in the neighborhood of the King River, but that their capture could not be effected even by a hundred armed men on acconnt of the almost unapproachable position occu pied by the gang. It is said, that the out laws can command a view for miles around, and any attempt to approach them would be highly dangerons. It i3 said the police are holding on expecting to starve their victims onfc" The Roman Catholic priest, Richard Brawders, who was arrested on Wednes day for insulting behavior, was on Thursday brought up at the City Police Court charged with the offence, and was remanded for medical treatment, as he appeared to he suffering from aberration of the intellect. In his address to the Bench, he said that he had been charged with being an impostor, but wa3 nothing of the sort, as he brought out excellent letters of introduction from his bishop and his examiner at the Dublin University and St. John's College. He appeared to feel his position keenly, and hnmbly apologised to the manager of Menzies' Hotel for what he had done. Perhaps some of our readers will be inte rested in learning that-marriage wiU'not de prive the histrionic stage of one of its brightest ornaments. A Svdnev papersaya: —TksWo^f t:-i, . distinguished tragic actress, Miss Augusta Dargon, intends tt> appear ia a round of her celebrated characters previous to her de parture for Europe. Her first. appearance will be in the great historical play of " Queen Elizabeth." Perhaps no other character al lows this gifted lady such scope of display ing these marvellous powers which have won for her an immortal place as one of the greatest artistes that have eftr appeared in Australia, and Miss Dargon will assuredly receive a great ovation. Miss Dargon leaves here by the Lnsitania next July to fulfil en gagements in London and Dublin. The attitnde which Sir John O'Shanassy, the member for Belfast, will assume towards the Service Government is no longer a mat ter of donbt. On Thursday night he was allowed (says the Art/us) to take the lead in criticising the Reform Bill as though he were the new leader of the Opposition. The hon. member soon made his positiouclear, and proceeded to condemn the hill root and branch. Reform, according to the hon. gentleman, is unnecessary ; and suppos ing reform to be necessary, the bill is bad. The hon. gentleman took Ministers to task for explaining the provisions of the bill on its introduction. He complained that this was an attempt to oatmanCBnvre political opponents. '.' But yon are a Go vernment supporter," 'said Dr. Madden. "I will support the Ministry back to the cold shades of opposition," Jsaid the member for Belfast amidst enthusiastic applause from the Opposition benches; "and when they get there," continued the hon. mem ber, "it will be a long time before they come back again."- " They cannot be mnch longer out of office than you have been," was the retort of Mr Francis. The conversation was continued in this strain for some time, and it is evident now that there is no more prononnced Oppositionist in the House than the member for Belfast. A meeting. of the Bellarine ploughing match committee will be held at the Buck's Head Hotel, Drysdale, this evening. The Rev. Arthur Davidson is announced to continue his lecture on " Why do preachers take their texts from the Bible," in Ryrie-street Presbyterian Church, to-mor row evening. Sermons will be preached at the High Church to-morrow by the Rev. J. Patten, On Monday evening the Rev. S. Robertson will deliver a lecture in the same ohnroh on " Experiences in California." Collections will be made in St. Mary's and S.S. Peter and Paul's Roman Catholic Churches to-morrow, in aid of the Industrial Schools under the care of the Sisters of Mercy at Negrtown. A public meeting in connection with the British and Foreign Bible Society will be held onTuesday evening in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association. On Monday evening a musical and elocu tionary entertainment in connection with a Eale of gifts will be given in the Chilwell Wesleyan Church. The Geelbng Artillery Corps will parade at the Orderly-room at 7.30 aim^'on Mon day. Mr Charity writes ns to say that there will be no further postponement of the drawing of his art anion. We arc requested to state that the pro duce sales will he held next week on Wed nesday, iustead of Tuesday. Members of ttaeJGeelong Volunteer Fire Brigade arc requested to meet at the Head Station, on Monday next, at Sam. sharp, to proceed to Sandhurst. 