MELBOURNE. (from: our own correspondent.) Thursday Evening. Amiu all lands of music, sweet and de cidedly the reverse, 187'J gave up the ghost, and 1S80 came into being. People a few miles from the city, who sat Up to see the old year out heard a perfect medley of sounds ; there was the ringing of the church bells for watch night services^ the reports of rockets in all directions, and a confused hum of voices V in which the sharp notes of juvenile accents could be occasionally distinguished. Then at about five minutes to twelve, when ears were strained to catch the first notes of the post office clockj the firebells tfang up vigorously, and the steam fire horn in Elizabeth-street set up its hideous roar, and drowned almost everything except the nearer melody of bagpipes on which some enthusiastic Scotchman was playing "Auld Lang Syne," . When the music of the fire horn, ceasedj it was 1880, and members of tile lali'iltui ft'ateraity -tfoi'e engaged until daylight in proclaiming tbe fact on shutter and other convenient papers, by means of a paint .brush and whitewash, or something else that would leave a good impression. \ The great holiday festival of New Year's Day has been enjoyed here by all sorts and conditions of men, women, aud children, with the- customary zest of Victorian pleasure-seekers, and oil the present occasion that mysterious and fickle personage—-the clerk of the weather—has been in such an excellent humor as to do all iu his par ticular line for the comfort and delight of all and sundry. Under these favorable circumstances, it is no matter of wonder that out-door enjoyment was the order of the day throughout- both city and suburbs or that the various amusements provided for the entertainment of the public were very largely attended. 2for were those, amusements few and far between. First ancl foremost was. the Champion llace Meeting on the Flemingt'>n course, which as might have been anticipated, without fear of mistake, drew its thousands of visitors ; while with many, persons'.the' cricket match between the Australian Eleven aild Fifteen of Victoria was scarcely Second in front of attractiveness. rlHien there was the annual German . picnic at lvew, with its various sports and amuse ments ; another gathering of a similar kind at Northcote ;a hurling match at Hothain; and several minor games in other places, all of which were well attended. For those who. preferred a trip down the bay, ihere was 110 lack of opportunity, as about a a dozen steamers, including the Golden Crown, the Williams, and other fast and favorite boats were laid on for excursion trips to the various pretty little watering places between Brighton and the Heads. The weather continued magnificent throughout the day, and, in spite of the dull times, the enjoyment seems to have been universal, The danger 'u a catastrophe in connec tion with the Tay bridge, such as that of which wo have just heard, seeuis to'have beei foreseen, though the precautions taken for guarding against it have unfortunately proved insufficient. Though the structure was finished in the antuin of 1877, it was not" until six months later that Major General Hutchinson, the. Board of Trade Inspector, reported in favor of its being opened for traffic. In his report he said "very careful, attention will be required to ascertain from time to time that no scour ing action is taking place in the founda tions of those piers which are subjected to a strong current." The frequent recurrence of conflagrations on a gigantic scale in American cities is certainly inexplicable. Boston, like Chi cago, has now suffered twice, and the mys tery of the thing lies in the fact that even before the first o£ the really great fires— that of Chicago, in 1S71—Americms were supposed by common assent to make their building* mora thcroughly fireproof til in anyone else, and to possess the most_ ofiicieu r fl re brlganes in 'trie" worlci:iNro' d'e-" tails as to insurance are yet to hand, but I fancy English companies have been rather shy of risks in the great business cities of the United States of late. ! The coffee tavern No. 2, on the wharf, is to beopenpd in the course of-next week, and as it seems to be a really commodious structure, situated in a locality frerjueuted by working men, and as the directors of the company may now sea Uuvir way to re medy certain mistakes which have charac terised the managemaut of the establish ment now open in Bourke-street. che experiment will have a fair chance of suc cess. The adjacent building, to the dilapi dated state of which I recently referred, is about to be taken down, its condition being manifestly unsafe. A. few days ago the owner of, this property, a well-known bar rister, with a large County Court practice, was sorrowfully gazing upon the scene of ruin it presented, when a neighbor, whose bnsiness has suffered by the obstruction to the footway, and who had no idea to whom he was speaking, came up to him, and ex pressed a hops that thu walls would tumble in on the owner's head, whoever he might be. The barrister, though anything but a man who is easily discomposed, looked very uncomfortable at this questionable " com pliment of the season," and stepped back uneasily from close proximity to the totter ing walls, remarking plaintively "that's [really a very hard thing to say, now." Very shortly, afterwards :the identity of the owner became known to the individual who had expressed such unkind wishes, on his behalf refreshments were taken together, to show that no real animosity:'existed, and the pulling down of the "building was com menced next day. The Rivers.—The Murray river regis tered at •Bchnc-i jestenlay 9 feet above summer level ; Swan'Hill, 11 feut; \Vuhgtinyah, 4 feet; 6 ; • Albury, 2 feet 7 -inches. The Goulburn nl Seymour was 2 feet 4 inches, and the Ovens at Wan garatta; 3; feet; 3 inches. A tiger from a menagerie .wm discovered in a field fourteen milc3 from Philadelphia. A farmer t.iought it was a sick, cow, until lie got within a; few feet of the bea?t. ( Wliuu he saw the tiery eyes and heard: the fierce: growiing-■ of the tiger ; lie started back as fast as ever, he could 'run. He! finally reached the road, ancl: told three of liis neighbors there was 'a. tiger roaming the fiekls. They laughed at him, and would not believe. him until they had gone and . seen for themselves. Then they armed' themselves with bird-<*uns, and joined in the best sport they had ever hiid. NVhen the. poor beast was killed ; the carcass \vas hauled to the lted Lion Inn, and all the small boys in the village had a holiday. . . ' / ■ 