BARBABA HOME, 13i- STEPHENS HATWAED, Autuob oy 'lltKrhu to Death,' 'Love AoaJXET TIIE WotU,' &-!.,&C.; CUMTEll I. TUB INMATES Ol c'ltuWPTOJT GBANOE. Dentil, that inevitable messenger, who is no re specter of persona, l-ul who calls impartially* -upon run, and poor, nigh and low, in their turn, had come into the Tillage of A utonbar, in Hampshire, end was knocking at the door of one of tho poorest cottagea there, in queat of Koine human prey. Ifo lonsliTedin that cottage except a widow andjher 00x1. H» wee her only one, and yet he was dying, and leaving her to the charity o£ neighbours, ol Snost-tts poor aa herself , or to the workhouse. She FODDea ana prayea as sue nuog over uw uuwu scious form, and thought of the widow of Nain, 'whose support was snatched from the very grave Sby the merciful Redeemer. She begged that lie iwould also stand there with her, and say to the dying, a» Ho had Buid to the dead, ' Young man, ?rise!' But no answer came to that wild .prayer. tTha 'heavenB were as braas' to her appeal; and mheeaw the last change coining orer the beloved face, and the death-damp stealing over the fore lkead,-even as the words fell from her lips. The lethargy, which had held the sufferer bound go long, aeemed to dissolve as the last moments drew nigh; ho stirred, and faintly muttered some thuuvae he half opened hie eyes. He spoke in. the dialect of the county (which 1 must translate into intelligible English, for the benefit of my traders, asi go on) ; 'but rough and uncouth as the words and the accents were, tho mother's heart bounded at hearing them once again. She bent down over him eagerly and tenderly. ? What is it, John ? What is it, my dear boy P Tell -thy oldmother all — tell her whatthe must-do to-p'iease thee.' The young man looked »t her uneasily, and muttered one word — a woman's name. She flushed, and drew back a step or two from the .bed. ' Barbara I Barbara ! Thou'rt mad.' « N o — not mad, mother,' he murmured. ? Only dying.' * And then wouldst see her— the heartless quean?' A look of pain passed over the poor pale face, and he heldup his weak hand, as if begging for or commanding silence. 'Send for her !' he whispered. 'Tell her I am going fast. She'll come when Ehe bears that.' There was no help for it, the message must be sent. The widow went to the door, and telegraph ing to a neighbour's son opposite, despatched him on the errand, and then returned to her melancholy -watch. The white-headed boy, who ran to do her bid dim;, was finishing, with the aid of a chup-knife, a ? hunch' of home- made bread and fat bacon as he went. He knew quite well what his messace was — he knew that John Home must be dying, by ids asking his cousin Barbara (who, as B.U the village knew, had jilted him that year) to come and see him. Hut, tor aJJ that, tha bread was fresh, and the bacon very good; and it was not till the last mouthful was swallowed that he turned up the lane that led to Crompton Grange, where Barbara Home resided. Crompton Grange was a email grey stone house, standing in its own grounds, at a little distance from the one street of Autonbar. It had once been part and parcel of the estate of the lord of the manor, and a kind of dower-house for the ladies of the family; but tho young gentleman eaine to grief over the dice-box at Baden-Baden ; and the Urange and its out-lying binds were sold to the highest bidder, by way of stopping the gap his ill fortune had made in hi3 resources. His father, as graceless a ne'er-do-weel as himself, had, with his assistance, cut oG the entail years before, and the hind was gladly pounced upon by a cotton Epinner, who had pitched his tent in the neigh bourhood, in the shape of a staring red- brick ' Hall,' whose lawn Bloped down to the very meadows of the Grange. But though the cotton lord looked with favour able eyes upon the lands, the Grange itself did not please hi™. It had been built very many years before he was born, and, consequently, had none of those modern improvements in which his soul delighted. To begin with, there were no draw ing-rooms — nothing in the world but large-sized and low parlours that looked out upon the garden and the ornamental water beyond, And actually had their windows bricked up on the side next tbe high road of Autonbar. Then those windows themselves were, m his eyes, clumsy, old fashioned things. They had once belonged to a church (before Harry tbe Eighth, growing tired of killing wives for a pastime, bethought himself of pulling down the churches throughout the hind), and the diamond panes were small, and greenish in hue — set in lead, moreover, and ' swinging open like doors, instead of sliding up and down, as any sensible window ought to do. In addition to this, they were thickly shaded with ivy, that ran over every part of the house in wild and unchecked luxuriance. The cotton lord's lady declared he should never buy such a place, which was evidently ' overrun with earwigs,' and his daughter vowed the house was haunted, and that she could never beteujptad beyond its outer -walls after dark. Taking all these things into con sideration, and adding to them the facts that the coach-house was terribly dilapidated, the summer honse in ruins, and the cellars scarcely fit to store vinegar in, to say nothing of hie choice wines, the wortny gentleman declined to purchase anything more than tbe hind; and the Grange fell, at a very moderate price, into the hands of a distant relative of the young lord — n maiden lady, proud, and rather poor — wlio install c-d herself in her new home witheut delay, declaring she should have drowned or hanged herself at once if the ' cotton man' (as she irreverently designated him) had been wicked enough to set up his household gods fortunes of a family as ancient as her own. Jtiss Morton wiis eomowhat advanced in years, and was by no means ashamed to own it. She was poor, and bore her poverty gaily. She was plain, and proved t!-at she was aware of the fact Ly making no kind 'f pretension to good looks. She called herself fi-:..:,:ly what she was, 'an ugly old woman,' an,; laughed as she said the words. In all her Ion;; Jife, she had. seen 'no body coming to marry me — nobody cowing to woo.' She-was that wonder of wonders— a woman who had never had an offer, and who did not in vent a direct or indirect lie, to save her credit, when she alluded to this circumstance. ' No one ever told me I was pretty,' eha used to say; ' no one ever thought so. Ho one, except my father and mother, and perhaps one or two of my near relatives, ever cared much about ma in one way or another; and what an immense deal-of bother it has saved me !' Miss Morton had only £200 a year, and could not afford to keep carriages, horses, coachmen, or footmen. When she reached Autonbar, her establishment consisted of an old gardener, -who had grown grey in the service of the family — a cook, who was beginning to grow grey in hers — a etarched-looking housemaid — a wiry, comical faced terrier — a, black and white cat, and a grey parrot. She afterwards added to her staff a young orphan girl, from the parish workhonee, whose relatives were too poor to support her during her helpless childhood. She was a forlorn, frightened lfmtinff lit.t]A r.Tiinir whpYi «lift first-, nami* +n T.hp Grange; but Miss Morton took her in hand, educated and petted her, and in the end, together with Nature, made her Barbara Home. What that profound declaration means 1 will leave you to find out, as the story goes on. We -will, however, take our first look at her now. The garden of the Grange was both long and wide ; there was plenty of room there for ex ercise without stirring beyond the walls. Indeed, Miss Morton seldom went beyond them, except to church on Bundays. At morning — in the hot sonehine of noon — in the calm, cool twilight, you might eee her pacing up and down, up and down, the gravelled walks, like a sentinel on guard. Barbara, had also fallen into this habit. Bat her ?tap was lighter and less business-like than Miss Morton's. She stopped ofteoer, too, in her walk, sometimes to gather a flower — lometimes to feed the duoks thai quacked upon the ornamental water, or landed and waddled awkwardly after her —sometimes to lean against the statue of Flora it the bottom of the garden, andlook out over the Hampshire hills that lay so blue and still in the distance. It was thus she was standing on the lutnmn day of which I write. Her day's work was ended. Ehe had learned and repeated all hex lessons to Hiss Morton before lunch. After that.meal she had walked in the garden for half 'an hour, then nractisedio, little, and read aloud to Miss Morton for anotber half hour. The rest of the day and evening iras her onn. She was therefore standing very leisurely by the side of themarble goddess, and -wondering, as she swung her garden, hat by its bluest rings, whether it waa best to go back into the stndy and read, or to take a long walk before dinner. There was an unfinished volume of ' Ivanhoe* to beguile her on the one hand, and the breezy hill-sides, strewn with yellow falling leaves on tho other. One temptation was nearly as strong as the other; she scarcely knew wliich ought to be yielded to. A prettier picture of indecision could scarcely be found. How Bhe came by hor beauty no one could s&y;, but she had it, and to a degree that, in her station, aeemed almost marvellous. English peasant girls are often pretty — nay, even beauti ful. But not of their kind was Barbara Home. Such a face should have looked ont from a coroaeted cuariot, or made the light of (some lordly hall — the higher and more lordly, the more fitly would Barbara have graced it. She was little above the medium height, but so slenderly and delicately made, that she looked tall and stately. Her hands and feet were models — slender and small; she walked with a gliding, graceful motion, and was as happy in the use of her bonds and arms as the first love of ' Arthur Pendennis' herself. When she talked in her eager, animated ?way, thoBe white hands were seldom still. Yet never did a gesture seem ont of place, or forced. Miss Barbara's hair was of a beautiful pale, golden hue. She wore it disposed in massive braids against her cheeks— cheeks tinted with a colour as delicate as tbat which paints the heart of the wild Euglisa rose. No spot or freckle marred tbe exquisite purity of her complexion; thn pink and the white blended softly and beauti fully on her cheek and brow, and deepened on the smiling lips into coral red. Her forehead was low, like that of the Medieean Venus; her nose straight, small, 'and finely cut; her chin full, and slightly dimpled ; her neck long, slender, and lifting proudly tho lovelylittle headit bore. Her eyes were not remarkably largo, but they were very beautiful — of the darkest and clearest blue, fringed with golden lashes, and gifted -with a side long, downcast look*, infinitely arch and mis chievous, and also infinitely dangerous to tho heart of any masculine beholder. Add to this, that Barbara's smile displayed the whitest of teeth. — that her voice was low, somewhat deeply toned, but soft, and clear as a bell— that she was highly educated, and far more deeply read in some branches of littrature than Miss Morton dreamed —that she dacced like a fairy, and Biing like a nightingale, and was, moreover, good-tempered and sunny-hearted ; and you will see that a more dangerous specimen of womanhood could scarcely be met with on a fine summer day. And, to crown the whole, she was only 1C — sweet 10 — and the world, and perhaps the people in it, lay at her feet. Surely Barbara Home was to be envied. Sha seemed to think so herself for a time, as she stood looking at the hillu with a half-smile playing around her lips. But it faded away at hist, and in its place came a shade of perplexity, which niieht have been Borrow on an older end graver face. Looking over her shoulder, to make sore that no one was near, she drew from the breast of her blue merino dress a letter, evidently written by a masculine hand, if one might judge by the dashing, almost sprawling, characters that covered the four pages. Its contents ran ' Ton ckmeeciful little Blue-eyed Dbagon ! ? I wonder you were not ashamed to write me such a letter. Because I did not make my appear ance at the moment I named a month ago, you say I have grown tired of you, and offer to release me from my engagement. Just like a woman .' My love, I had to beat a grain of military science —or, at least, try to do it— into the thick heads of some of our new recruits, and their stupidity broke my heart, and (which isof more consequence) kept me from the Grange. I fired a volley of oaths at them, if that will content you ; and I shall bo with you on Tuesday night, if that will please you. The regiment and the service may go— where they belong, my golden-haired lassie, before I will be detained again when you are look ing for me. So dry your tears, if you have shed any (but you are such a hard-hearted little monster, that I don't believe yon have) ; and bring your brightest smiles into play for Tuesday night. Be cantiouB and discreet as you have ever been, my little female diplomatist; eyes, lips, and all, must be 'on guard,' till the happy moment comes when such viligance is no longer necessary. Farewell, love ! a hundred kii-Ees, till w meet! ? Ever, and only, your faithful 'Ealmi Moetox. ?P.S. What a strange thing for you to insist upon mj signing my notes hereafter with my own name. See, I have obeyed you, but what do you mean by it, gipsy ? Are you learning to distrust me ? l5o you think you will make the chain that holds me any stronger by such a worldly-wise manoeuvre 1 You shall tell me when 1 come, and be well langhod at for your pains. You are a little fool, my love; Lut you are my love, for all that, and I would not change you, if I could. Be a good girl now, and be happy till I come. I know you ivill be happy afterwards. Burn this. ' E. M.' Barbara read the letter through (I dare Bay it was the twentieth time, since ehe bad received it by a safe hand early that morning). When she had finished it, she pressed her lips fondly to the name, she sighed over the letter with the most perfect faith in the sincerity of its writer, and then put it |carefully away again close to her beating hoart. 'Tuesday night.' It was then half-past 3 o'clock on Tuesday aftfrnoon. Tbe ma&train; came in at 8 o'clock precisely. Her heart gave a great bound at the thought. At 8, or half-past 8 precisely, she wonld see him — her eallant soldier— her brave — Stop ! I will not tell his rank in the army just at present. Suffice it to say that, after standing beside Flora so long that It seemed as if ehe had been turned to stone, Mis6 Barbara remembered the propriety of attend ing to her toilet, and begran to devise ways and means for changing her blue merino for her blue silk, without attracting Miss Morton's keen re gards. The case seemed almost hopeless, and she waa about to return to the house in despair, when she hoard a voice pronounce her name — a small, shrill voice tbat seemed to corns from the air — a voice that said half persuasively and half cominandingly, — * Miss Barbara, you're to come along -with me, and be quick about it, too, for them as wants you can't wait long. Do you hoar ? Will you come now ? I'll wait and go with you.' Barbara, looked around in astonishment and perplexity. Presently she caught sight of a, ehouk headed little fellow sittmg eatrida of the garden wall, and making energetic signs to attract her attention. Visions of Miss Morton's indignation at such an intrusion rose up before her eyes. 'You naughty boy! How dare you get up there? Go down directly, or I shall call the great watch-dog oat of his kennel, end make him bite you.' The urchin grinned, for he know quite as well as ahe did that there was no watch-dog at the Grange, unless the wiry-faced terrier was made to do dutv in that capacity. ? I'll get down quiet enough when you conies ont,* ? he rejoined. ? Bnt if I go back without you I shall catch it, and you'll be sorry too.' 'Go hack where? Whose boy are you?' ? I'm Benny Smith.' 'Oh! I know; I have seen you before. You are the son of Mr. Smith, the gatekeeper on the Kil burn xood.' . ? Yes, I live just opposite to your people, you know.' Certainly the child could have meant nothing by his reply. He was too young to shoot poisoned arrows in the shape of words. And yet, at his answer, and the smile that accompanied it, Barbara felt herself turning «rimson. She hated to remember that she was poor. She hated to think that, with all her beauty and grace, she was but the child of a peasant — tbe protege | of the workhouse, and tbat those who bore her name, and whose blood ran in her veins, were still in the lowly position from which a kind fortune had, in some degree, raised her. ?Well, what do you want with me?' she asked, rather sharply. ' John sent for you.' ?JofciiJ' Again the lovely face turned crimson. John had had his answer from her loss aB°- ani^ a^ the village hn.3 tiamed hor for her treatment of him, except Miss Morton. She said it waa quit* right, and that a farm labourer was by no means good pnough for her pretty companion. What could John ear more tiatt lie had already said ? What was there for h--r to hear, that could take her away from home that night, when Ealph himself was coming ? She pressed the letter closer to her heart nt tho thought, and turned towards the house. 'That's tho longest way,' cried out the boy. ' We never Bhall get there if we don't go down through the old pai-k. And, besides, I darn't come round to meet you there, for fear of Miss Morton. Come through this door, can't you V and he pointed' down to one overhung with ivy,, just benenth him, in tho wall. 'I'm not going with you,' said Barbara, turn ing her head. ' You can tell them I could not leave Miss Morton.' For one moment the child sat aghast. Then he screamed out at tho top of his small pipe — ' But you must ! He's dying.' She stood still, as if she had been shot. * J ohn dying P' ' Ay ! His mother told me to toll you so. You was to come quickly, and here you bave1wasted all this time. Maybe he'll be dead now before we get there.' 'Hush !' said Barbara, turning a little pale, and holding up her hand. ' Get. down, and wait for me outside. I will go to the house and get my bonnet, and tell Miss Morton where I am go ing. I shall not be five minutes.' She ran ur- the garden walk, and entering the house, burst somewhat suddenly into the pleasant room where, bet-ween the -window and the fire. Miss Morton sat knitting in her easy-chair, with an open book lying on the reading desk before her. * Softly, my dear,' she said, without looking off tho page. ? You bring Buch a gust of cold air in with you, and make such a noise, that I shall lose the track of my heroine. She is a most ex traordinary person — a sloppy kind of a person, if I may use such an expression, for she is con tinually crying. I give you uiy word I have not turned to a sisgle page withont seeing 'Martha shed tears,' or 'Martha wept,' or 'Martha burst into tears,' or wiped hor eyes or her noso, or something of that kind. This hydrant turn, which all the new writers arc taking now-a-days, is really ridiculons. I mean to begin a novel my self, just to show thoin— Wei) miss, what is the matter with you?' She brokeoff with this abruptquostion, because at that exact moment she cbonced to look up, nnd saw hor companion standiag in the centre of the room, looking very much as if she was about to imitate the unknown Martha's example then and there. ' I — I have heard some bad news,' stammered Barbara. 'John Home — ujy cousin John— is dying.' * Bless me. How very uncomfortable.' Tnere was something so ludicrous in this re ply, that Barbara, in spito of hor many misgiv ings, had hard work to keep from laughing. Yet unss .Morton did not intend to perpetrate any witticism at the expense of poor John Home. She only thought, as she glanced around her pleasant room, with its crimson carpet and curtain, toned down by the cream-coloured tvallB and dark, rich pictures, and the rosewood piano in the corner, what a cold, chill thing it was to die, in that October weather — to leave earth and its count less comforts, and lie down in the frozen ground, with the yellow leaves dancing and whirling over one's new-made grave. 'Very uncomfortable,' efae repeated, stirring the fire to a brighter blaze, and shivering as she did so. ' Also very sad.' ? Yes, ma'am,' said Barbara. ' I suppose I may go and see him ? He has just sent for me.' Miss Morton elevated her eyebrows. It seemed rather a strancje thing to her that John Home should wish, at such a time, to see the girl who would not marry him, or lbat tbe girl herfidf sliould care to go. Hut, acknowledging to herself tba.t she knew nothing at uil about such matters, Ehe contented herself with saying, ' If you wish it, my dear. And you may ask Jane or Betty to give you something nice for him —a little jelly, or some wine, or anything that you think will do him good. And, Barbara ? ' The girl had her band upon the door, but turned round when called. ' Try and get home for dinner, if you can. You know how I hate to dino alone.' ? Ycb, ma'am.1 The old lady eottlod herself cozily again in her chair, with the cat upon hor knees, and renewed acquaintance with her Quitting and her Niobean heroine at one and the aainu time. The young lady went out into the hall, half smiling to hereeb?. Even at a moment like this she could not help re lishing Miss Morton's selfishness, the more, per haps, that she was dimly conscious how uxactlv similar her own conduct might have been under tho same circumstances. CHAl'TEli II. A DEATH Ui:i- BULXE. Barbara went neither to Betty tbe cook, nor to Jane tbe housemaid and housekeeper. She felt, instinctively, that the offerings which Hiss Mor ton had suggested would be useless and out of place. She ran ont to her own room, put on her bonnet, and hurried down again, and out to the garden gate, where her impatient messenger was waiting. Without a vcrd, he set off at a rapid pace. She quickly followed, and soon stood humbly enough before the little cottage door, waiting till the widow shcnld answer her timid knock and give her admittance. ? MrE. Home would have been very indignant if anr one had told her ehe vrtis not a Christian woman. Yet there rras little of meekness, or charity, or long-suffering in the look with which she confronted her niuce. Shu had not forgotten her refusal of her son. She knew that his heart was broken, and sliu could not take Barbara in her arms, or to her heart, at that moment when he was going from her. ' So,' she said, ' you have come at last ?' ?Yes.' And Barbara, usually so ready of speech, seemed wondcrfullT at a loss for words at that moment. ' Is he really so very ill ? Is he rosily — dying — aunt V 'Aunt !' said the woman, in a low but vehement voice. I' I'm aunt to none like thi;e ! Thou'st killed him, and now thou'rt asking if he will die ! Yes, he'll die ! Yes, he'll die, never fear; andthou, Barbara Home — thou canst go to fairs, and jnn ketinga, and such like, while my poor boy nill be cold in his grave.' For one moment Barbara, quailed— the next her pride andnative dignity returned. ' I don't come hero to quarrel or to be quar relled with,' she said, coldly. 'I came because the lad told me that John was dying, and wanted to see me.' ' Ay, so he does, poor silly fellow ! There he lies on the very brink of his grave, and all he can think about is thy blue eyes and yellow braids! Tve a mind to tear every hair of them from thy head, Barbara !' ' Touch me if you dare 1' said Barbara, looking at her steadily. 'If I was made with blue eyes and yellow hair, is it my fault P Take me to John , if Lam to sea him ; if not, I'll leave, and go home before it is dusk.' ? Thou ! Thou go horns to thy supper when my lad is pining after thee ? G o in, then ; and apeak him fair, remember, or it will be the worse for thee after he is gone !' She took the girl by her slight shoulders, and pushed her through the half-open door of an inner room. John, lying on his hard bed,hadheard the altercation, but his face beamed as Barbara ap proached, and he eagerly held ont his poor, thin, trembling hand. Barbara sat down upon the side of the bed, and looked at him sadly. Some late remorse secniad to stir and .work in hor breast, as she looked upon his wasted face and brilliant eyas. ' My mother is harsh, Barbara,' he said, * but you won't mind her— for my sake, you won't. It was very good in you to come to-day. I was afraid yon might be too busy, and that I should die with out seeing you. That would have been hard!' And, in the content of haying her there — of hold ing her hand, and watching her lovely face — he could afford to smile at the thought el what bis death-bed wonld hare been without hor.f Barbara did not answer him, but it was because she could not. He was only a rough, uneducated, unrefined peasant-lad, it is true; and there had been a time when she had laughed at his clumsy ways and oountryfied accent, and compared him secretly with a graceful, scarlet-coated figure, that -went to and fro oontinually in tho halls of her imagina tion. But this was at an end. Something — she knew not what — made her loot ttJoTmllome now with dilferont eyes. Tho powerful, thouch wasted, fmaie took a kind of dignity from death. Tbe honest, faithful face was full of love— tie brown eyes, sviiMng no longer, looked at her with a glance that pierced her very heart. The majesty of earth's greatest mystery hung around the dying man— this soul, that was Jclinging so to her ut this moment, would soon be f ace to face with the Eternal ! The thought filled her with a strange and sudden awe. She looked at him timidly — for- getlvng tbo peasant and remembering only the loan — the wan so soon tol- ea«pirit,aud,pcrliap6, a happy and blessed one ! John Home saw the change which stole over her face. He knew, as he could not have known till that hour, of what ehe waB thinking. He pressed her hand, -with a sod smile. * It seems strange, don't it, Barbara ? Thou'lt not forget thy cousin John just yetr' 'Oh!' cried the girl, ? it frightens me bo! I think I shall never forget (you ! Are yon afraid?' 'No!'— and John touched tho Bible that lay under his pillow. ' Thanks to that, lass, I can go with a good heart now I have seen thee !' 1 When I think of dying, John,' she went on in tbe same breathless way, ' it makes me shudder all over ! Each year that goes by, I feel as if I were clinging to a ladder over a great dark pit, and one more round had given way in my hand ; I cling to life, John— I clutch at it !'— she spoke with almost frantic eagerness now- — ' and yet it does no good. All tho while I go sliding down, and nothing can stop me. It is a terrible thought!' ' Kav.' esid her cousia. encourarinslv, ' when you come to lie, as I am lying now, it will not be so hard. Just at the last, all Beems to go-^-it's easy enough to die thun. Do you mind that bit of poetry you used to say to me when we walked in the park after work was done last ycarP Oh loot ! tbe snn begins to riEe— tbe lieuvens are in & glow— He pWuoi upon a thominri fleHs, nni nil of tliem I know ; And there I move no louger now, and there hia light inly Wild flowers in the valley for othor hauSs than nine. O, Bweet and strunpe it poems to me that era this day is The voice thiit now is epenkinc, may bo Devoid the For ever nna for ever, with those Jmt «oh1b ond true, And what ia hie that wo should moim J- Wbvuukowesuch odo? You were fond of that, you know; you usedtossiy it to me till I gotit quite right, and it'e been in my uiiud ever since the dy.tor told me I must go. You'll think of poor Jc'a sometimes, when you walk there again, Barbara, and Eay the verses — won't you f ' As he went on repeating tbe linca, with that correct accent and inflection which ehi'. had taught him, a vision rose up in her mind of tlie pleasant summer nights of which he spoke — nights calm as no night had ever been Bince— nights when the moon shone fair and broad upon her ns she lingered by the old park gates, waiting for her cousin John to come from hay or harvest-field — nights when they sang,; the old ballads of their country as they walked up and down, or told ghost stories till thoy ran home for very fear — nights when they danced like fairies on the level green sward, till it was time for Barbara to go in. A breath of that Glimmer air, fragrant with tbe new-mown hay, seemed sweeping through the room — alongingfor the dear old time when she had nothing to dread, and nothing to conceal, came with it; and now, how changed and sad was everything, and sho and John most of all ! She flung herself upon her knees, and burst into tears. ? Oh, John !' she cried ; ' I wish— I wish with all my heart that we had gone on so ! I did love you, then ! I wiehed you had asked me to marry you, before, and I should have been happy with A sweet smile played over hia rigid features, making them, for a moment, almost beautiful. ' I shall die the easier for having heard that,' ho said, gently. ? But, Barbara, lass, don't cry so. It is all for tho best, no doubt. Thou'lfcinake some good man happy yet, and be happy thyself, He paused, and lifted the bowed head, and looked earnestly into tne saddened face. ' Barbara, I want to speak to thee.1 