TEACHERS AND THE NEW REGULATIONS. TO Til EDITOR or TIM rtYDXEY DAILY TSI.llGHAFII. Sir, — You will be couferrinjr a favour on a sufferer by finding a corner in your widely-circulated journal for me to draw the attention of tho public to the great injustice that many of u» are suffering. Under lue oiu A.et a teacusra naiary uepcuucu on ins cjh-i- fication, so that it was a matter of indiflorenco to what kind of school he was pent, a it in no way affected hi» fialary. Now all this is changed. Teacher n uro paid by the number in their school, no matter what their clamitication nuy be. When the present Act came in tore: all' the appointments and regulations under the old Act fell to the ground. If it wero deemed expe dient to par by numbers, those teachers who hyi.d the kigiieat certificate should havo been removed to the largest schools a a matter of right, and thoue in the largest, with low certificates, should have b':en placed in inferior nchools. It u all very well to Far that it would not be fair to thdtfemeii to remove them from their present school to make room for their superior, but it i just a» unfair to higli>claKs men to keep theui in small school at reduced income, as it would be to treatail on their merit. If it would not be politic to remove low-cla>« men from large rchooU, regulation ehould kavo been framed by which o many should not be sufferer for the sake of tlie few. It may not be generally known, but nevertheless it i.4 a fact, that several of tiie teacher of our largest fchool, even some of thorc who were dubbed enquire, arc no better than third c'ass A men— all that they have above that having been given them for service, so that there i no guarantee whatever that they know more than is required for that grade, while many men, far higher by examination, arc rttuck in out-of-the-way places, where it would be i nnt u« to ilr in the air a to tret 100 scholar together. " Another anomaly i tlnu : If a person chance to hare between 100 and 2o0 by itself, ho re- ceirss £223 per annum ; but if he chance to hare a department with that number in a large school, he re ceive £3&> per annum. Is this likely to cause teacher to be contented? Or i it a fulfilment of the promba of the Minister for Public lntruction when he raid that not a single teacher would hare cause to say that he wa in a worse position under the new Act thau h« was under , the old? But while we have every cause to complain, our brethren in Denomina tional school have much greater reason than we. Fine Public school are built near their hhantic (for which the Council was in a great measure responsible for allowing to fall into uch a state of disrepair), and every inducement in the fhape of drill, drawing and singing niaater is held out at these schools to draw children to thetn ; and then the Minister urge a a reason for ncrewing down the poor d»vila of teachers that thefe arc schools with a fall ing attendance, and that it i» impoFsihle to destroy an efficiency which they never had, while it is a well-known fact that with all the riUudvantage attached to theui many of these school had better reports than the ame class of Public schools. And to crown all the Minister actually make tho grim j>t that the teacher (God help them!) should look to Ida denomination for residences a an equivalent for the time devoted to sectarian teaching. Did h« think that those whom he himaelt had ap pointed as Civil servants had even a ghost of a chance of getting any rulief from that quarter, while it was his duty, u Minister, to make rules to protect the Civil servants whom he was about to ap- noint before dotuz so?— Yours. Jc.. PRO BONO PUBLICO. Lven in runiic hcuooih teacher are not paid in proportion to the work performed. For instance, a uuter in a boy1 department, in a second-clans school has under 200 boyn, ami receive £3Hfi and a residence per annum ; a master of a fifth-class school, with the same number of boys and girl, receive £223 and a residence, a difference of £104 in favour of the former, when the number of pupil in each case is the same. P. B. 1'. 