LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEnsr.SDAT, Febitomiy 4. He SPEltca took the chair at 4.30 p.m. OFFICIAL INFOBIEATION. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. Dongar, said that the Dangar bridge, ovor the Barwon Bivar, at Walnttt, was in. aooesBiblo during lour months of last year, but the whole country was under water, and the biidfro enabled the traffic to more much sooner than it would hare otherwiEO tiesn enabled to do. Ihe nwttcr of providing pcrmimeat nppronehos to render the bridge available to the public, in flood suasons, was under consideration. The saccsfiary outlay would to very creat, s* it involved the aonstruction of half H wile of bridge. ''? iTn^uu-i, mic|»j bg 4ui,uii,Y, miutuuGQ CDBnUljE. tion for Mr. Gray, said that the amount ef thn actual cash balance at the credit ot the consolidated revenue fund, Mot appropriated hy Parliament for any purpose whatever, on Monday, February 2, was £Teo,'iS 3s lid. Sir HENEYTABKES, in reply to Mr. Barns, said tbnt Mr. Stuart, in beiuic appointed Azi'Ot-General for the colony in London on November 26, 1879, was allowed three mouths to wiad up his pro- nte affairs. According to that errauk-ciuont Mr. Stuart ought to loivo for London at tho findof this month. Ho wjis not quito flwaro that it woe q proper question to pnt to a. Minister, whether the oler liadbeouiuailcof the Agent'Ueneralsbip to any one pre vious to ifs being Qfferml to Mr. Stuart. Mr. LACKEY, In reply to Mr. Dannar, said tkat the post and telenrapu ouico nc Gunnedah would be occupied as soon as poKnlilc. Mr. UAKEE.in reply to Mr. W. C. Browne, auid that a petition had been received for the survey of a road from the Canonnrook-i-oad to the Forost-r.ind. It had been re jwrtedon by thelocal eurvovor, and instriiotioDB for the survey of tho road issued ou Poutoniber 9, 1879. Mr. LACKEY, in reply to Mr. W. C. Browne, snid that the death of the contractor for the cataract tunnel (Svd Bey Water Supply), rendered a re-consideration ol the inatter ueeesR!-ry. Mr. SUT1OR, in reply to Mr. Farnoll. said that he was trouble to state vrhou the huildiug of the new public library would bo coniiuencad. The question had not vet r.oen decided, but the subject was reoeWmg conKiJeri PETITIONS. Mr. LYNCH nrcpented a natation from the inTinTiJtfmf o «f Cowra, in favour of a direct'liac of railway from Blanoy t» Mr. SIMSM' presented petitions rrom the residentsof ?WoollahM. iWblo Bay, and B.u-lins Point, inelu.lin* tbrco clersymou from tho incumbent and church wardens of St. John's, Parramatto, and from the officials, narisb ioiers, and attendants of St. Johu'e Chureh, asd 3M1 jarcuts oud cUildron attondinu tlio eebool, prajingthat the Public Instruction 1)111 might b» srrangod do that denominational schools aiiirht not bo interfered with until an opportunity hti«i b^pn cffordeH for an oxples&ioa; of the geicral feeli'i^of th[- colony onthe subject THE LATE fKESONATION CASE Dr.EENWICK. formally moved tho adjournment of the House, to direct attention to what be describe.! us a rrois miscarriage of justice at ihe Court of Quarter Serious in the trial of two ]»ri-on«rs for p^rsocntion. He considered that Bonio explanation waij due from the Attornoy.Goneml in rppira t.o luis mtutr extraorninary circnnintance e' discliar)nus a umn when found guilty of a crime which was a oftily increasing evil, aud with regard to which it bad become necesBsry to tnke »vcry proper fltnp for ita eup pxes&ion-; TlieATTOKNEY'-GEKKKAL said hehna no porcoual iTiovph.'dgo of this partienlar case, but he was assured that Mr. Jlopor.*, th«Crown Proweutor, had b*an actuated bv the best of motives, in intimating that the Crown would beattlflilcd with tne prisoner being bound over to appear ivhen calle.1 upon, for there was not a more experienced and zealous law offlonr than this gentleman. Ho hart ascertained from Mr. Rogers that Singleton's appearance and conduct showed that, he was a- very ignorant man of intemperate habits, Bud probably Inew littlo what ho was doiugat the time iu question. Thongh admirting that tho clrcnmstauoes of the cape were different to what were re vealed by the abridged reports in the newspapers he did not agree with Mr. Rogers, and boliflvodthattlie law would havo been bettor vindicated if some pDHiahmenthad bscn inflicted. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. PlLCHEll obtoiced leave to bring In a bill to nmond the Sydney Corporation Act of 1879 in certain rat tioular*. Mr.BAEnOUR movea fora copy of all reports mdplons in connection with tho recent earvoy of the entrance to Lake IhtacquarW. Agreed to. STAMP DUTIES BILL. The COLONIAL TE13ASITHEE submitted two row schedules to be appended tot.be Stamp Dutiea Bill, their object being to increase the duties pro rata on receipts for large amounts, aud adding du ties on tko. ostatca o( deceased persons. ? The schedules werp nd-Jcd to the bill, aud discussed in committee. A number of QnieudmeutK ware moved in euoh schedule, cbiefiy by Mr. Fitsnatriek. ono being to the effect that tlio duty on receipts should be, for every receipt of £2 aua. upwards. Id, but this was nogatlveil by 35 to IB The probato dutie», ranging from 1 to 5 per cnut. oh mu of £1000 to £20,000, wurn strongly opposed by Mr. S. C. Brown, upon whose sue^estion the Colonial Treasurer agreed to reduce tlio dntioH to 1 per cent, throughout At twcuty.ttvo raiuutos pajt 11 thn bill wan reported with amendments, and the oiloptiou of thercport mado au order of the day for the following oar, wborcupon th« House ad journed. W« regret to learn that tho second daughter of Sic JameB Martin, ajed 17, died at hor fathor's residenco thiB morning. Mr. John Austin, of tho fichooner Ma^t ion. writos. : —On Friday last a horse and dray were precipitated into tho wntor at tho Circular Quay. A number of persons tried to eavo the borso from drowning, but evidently did not understand how it was to be dono expeaitioooly. Seeing their error I told ono of my crew, a native of Lcvk, to get on tho horeo's back and bring him alone-Ride the vobboI. Tho owner promised to give tho ziat.ivo some pecuniary remnnerji tion for his ecrviora, but up to the present ho has failed to keep his word. The Famo native saved tho lifoof aFrenoh utan-o-war'e man at Noamoa about Bir wooks A?o. A. corroapondont writes from Liverpool— ' Mr. GrSiHkhB, who was injured f.omo lime back throuph being eunght in the belt ot tho pumping engine, is rapidly rooovorinjr, and is now justablo to got aboni. Hin escape waB wonderful and hie rooovery much more rapid than anyone could have expected from tbe extent of: hia injuries. Ko donbt hn oweB much to tha skill and caro of Dr. Stronir. Weliave all sorts of projectB talkod of— a town hall, public library, cemetery, and other important public improvements, all which are to be taken in hand and earned out after our electioneering fever has subsided.' Opening op the New Prebbyteeian CnuRcn, Botant.— This church, tho foundation Btone of which wan laid hy tho fiov. Dr. Fullerton in Sopteni t-Br last, wa» Bolemnly dedicated to the worship of God on Sunday aftorsoon. Before the honr of com mencement of tho opening cervices arrived, the edifice, which prepenta a remarkably handsome and substantial appearanno, had bffcome densely thronged with worehipne**s, and many were nnablo to gain admission. Besides tlio ordinary congrega tion there wore prcsont many visitors from Bydney, Bedfera, Ac, as well as representatives of every section of the local inhabitants. The Eev. Dr. M'Gibbon preiided, and preached the sornon, taking for his text Jndo, verses 20, 21— 'J3nt ye, beloved, bnilding op yourselves on jour most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yonreslvcs in me love ui uou, loomng lor tne mercy 01 onr Lord Josus Christ unto eternal life.' The dis courflo was most hoart^stirrins; and appropriate TheEov. Prinoipil Kinross, B.A., offered thai dedi catory prayer, and the Bov. T. J. Cnrtis, minieter «£ tho united charge of Bedfern, Waterloo, and Botany, bIbo took part in the proceedings. The musical part of the service was under the able direotion of Mr. Alexander Qeddes, who nrogided, at the instrument, fi nuo e&binet; organ lent by hbnBelf for tbe occasion, and lod on efficient band of singers, «ompoBed 'of members of St. Silas's and other choirs, who goner oualy gave their aid. The collection takon up towards the close, we are gratified to learn, consider ably reduoed tho debt on tbo building. It was an Bounood that a sooond opening eervioe will bo oon duoted at the chnroh next Sunday afternoon, when tho Eev. Dr. Steel will preaob, andtheprofrramme of eaerod muslo will be ropcatod, Tha B«v. Dr. M'Qib bon ditmtBted the assemblage with the apostolio benediotion. 'NoHora day, hut for all nine,' has boon written of Shakespeare, and in tha hnmbler, and loss professional walks 0) 111 a an tha works at man lastuiod to live aa Ions a life. To the truly gooel thing &»- is no limit of aris tencni even whan the aatiior aias,niB morlUirloDB deedii turilroiilM.aTKlpiuon throuirntho eudlois eenaratlont thatfollnv bun. It has boon 7*uannes the world flrat licird ntUnoLpau Wntra'a fionrenm Abokitic eontvts, find to-day its virtues are as frofih, aba Sta fsma as nn. . ^landed, u waan it flrrt«3»SBed tote juWtoB»Wot,-r Aov» is. 