NOTES AND NEWS. A MEETING of gentlemen, who had been guests of Mr. Nathaniel Levi at his late ball, was held at the Town Hall on the 20th inst., for the purpose of initiating steps for a return ball to be given to Mr. Levi. It was resolved that Mr. Levi should be invited to a return ball, and that he should be waited on to ascertain his wishes in the matter. A number of the gentlemen who had been present at the meeting waited upon Mr. Levi, and informed him of the resolution arrived at. Mr. Levi expressed his thanks, and in reply stated that he felt himself com- pelled to decline the honor with which his friends wished to favor him, his reason being that he had only returned the hospitality with which he had been entertained for many years past. It is, we believe, the intention of Mr. Levi to pay a visit to the old country in a few months, and his friends will then no doubt take the opportunity of meeting him on the eve of his departure to wish him " Bon Voyage." AMONG the passengers by the R.M.S. Cathay we notice Mr. and Mrs D. Rosenthal, who have arrived from England on a visit to this city, where they were residents for many years. IN our list of successful candidates at the recent University Exami- nation we omitted, quite accidentally, Mr. E. S. Raphael, who passed both in Constitutional Law and the Law of Property. MR. NATHANIEL LEVI, President of the Melbourne Hebrew Congre- gation and School, not being satisfied with having given one of the most enjoyable balls that has ever taken place at the Town Hall, on Wed- nesday last treated the children to a marine excursion to Queenscliff, of which we give an account further on. FOR the information of our readers we may state that the Golden Wedding which took place recently at Exeter, and of which we pub- lish an account in another column, was that of the parents of Mr. M. A. Alexander, of Prahran, who, together with his good lady, celebrated his silver wedding three days previous to the above mentioned event. BALLARAT.—The Rev. Mr. Goldreich has returned from Queens- cliff, and looks considerably better after his brief holiday. PROFESSOR JONAS' Ghost Company opened at the Mechanics' Insti- tute on Monday evening last to a good house. The entertainment is a first class one, and will no doubt be liberally supported. UPON the breaking up for the year of the Victoria Stock Exchange the occasion was seized upon by the members to present Mr. Chas Dyte with a handsome gold pen and pencil case, in recognition of his services as chairman to that body. SYDNEY.—We are informed that Mr. H. Levien, the newly-elected member for Tamworth, is not a Jew, but of Jewish extraction. The only Jews now in the New South Wales Legislature are the Hon. L. W. Levey, just appointed to the Upper House, and Messrs P. G. Myers and Leyser Levin (of Corowa) in the Assembly, as representa- tives of Argyle and the Hume respectively. A LARGE and enthusiastic meeting of members, says the Sydney Daily Telegraph, was held at the vestry of the Orthodox Synagogue on Sunday, the 19th instant, for the purpose of obtaining the services of a qualified Jewish minister for that congregation. The Rev. A. D. Wollinski, a gentleman of the highest attainments in his profession, at present officiating at Leeds, England, under the jurisdiction of Dr. Adler, Chief Rabbi, was unanimously elected to the office. AT the speech day of the Church of England Grammar School, the headmaster, Mr. E. E. Morris, made the following remarks, which Jewish parents likewise would do well to ponder, particularly in refer- ence to the study of Hebrew:—"Perhaps I may be allowed to criticise the degree of liberty that is in this colony conceded to boys. (I have nothing to do with that conceded to girls.) Unless some limitation be placed upon it, there is a risk that we are training—to use the words of a great writer—'a race of men who will be incapable of doing any- thing which is disagreeable to them.' I am not speaking of all boys or all parents, but of a very large proportion. I find that boys really decide for themselves what used to be decided for them by their parents. They choose the schools to which they shall go, what objects they will learn when they go there; they choose the time at which they would like to leave school. It is evidently wise on the part of a parent to study the tastes and the bents of his children, but it is surely looking for premature wisdom to expect that boys will see the advantage of studies which furnish a mental training rather than a de- finite result in knowledge. In this school we do not give much time to the classics. Latin has less than a quarter of a boy's time; Greek a similar amount, but the latter has been made optional. 'My boy does not like Greek,' is the commonest reason that is urged for throw- ing Greek overboard. I venture to think it an inadequate reason." We think so too; nay, we think it simply absurd, if, as is often the case, Hebrew is thrown overboard on the plea—'My son does not like it!" MR. Julius COHN, a student in the laboratory of the school of mines Sandhurst, gained a prize in analysis and laboratory practice at the recent examination. We extract from the prize lists of the undermentioned public schools, the following names of our young co-religionists who have distinguished themselves by taking prizes:—All Saints Grammar School, East St. Kilda.—English and Mathematics, Class III: S. Folk; Latin, Class IV : S. Folk. St. Kilda High School.—Prizes for Mental Arithmetic, Geography, History, Euclid and Progress are taken by H. Lazarus. Scotch College.—Lower 5th Class : P. L. Benjamin divided with L. G. Robertson, 5 guinea prize of E. A. Wynne, Esq., for dux ; English Essay—I. Monash divided with two other boys prize given by Sir Jas. McCulloch.—6th Class—Mathe- matics: I. Monaah. Upper 5th Class—Latin: A. Ehrmann, V. Rosenthal; Upper 5th Class—Greek : A. Ehrmann.—Lower 5th Class.—Mathematics : P. L. Benjamin , Upper 4th Class.—Mathe- matics: D. I. Sloman; Middle 4th Class.—German: I. Moses; 2nd Class.—-Latin: B. Marks; 2nd Class.—Physiology: E, Aron ; 1st Class.—Bible: M. Bloch; 1st Class.—Writing: E. B. Marks; Music: A. Levy. Wesley College.—Form II. : L. F. Benjamin ; Form II.— English : L. F. Benjamin ; Form II.—Languages : L. F. Benjamin, (proximo accessit.) Presbyterian Ladies College.—3rd Class; French: Miss C. Marks; 3rd Class.—Latin : Miss C. Marks : Elocution (Mr. Lupton's medal) Miss M. Sanders. Carlton College.—Class IV. Languages: E. Cohen; Class IV.—Mathematics: D. Davis. Carlton Grammar Sohool.—Dux: S. P. Ellis; Hebrew: C. Coleman. Kew High School.—Form IV.—Writing : A. I. Cohen ; Form IV.—Map- ping: H. S. Levey. Hebrew: N. M. Cohen. 