CONCERT OF THE ADELAIDE LIEDERTAFEL. The Adelaide Liedertafel gave a concert in the Albert Hall of the new German Clubhouse on Tuesday night, October 12, in aid of the Building Fund of the hall. There was a large attendance, and, as is always the case when our German friends give a musical entertainment, there was nothing wanting to make the concert a thorough success. The programme was of a high order, embracing selections from some of tbe best masters, and containing one or two features of an unusual description, while with respect to tbe performers who assisted the Liedertafel they were of professional rank. A week ago the Albert Hall was formally opened by a ball, but its acoustic properties were not fairly put to the test till on this occasion, when tbe Liedertafel gave their first concert in it, and it was gratifying to find that they were in every respect admirable. The singers were heard to excellent advantage, and although the hall was not filled there was no reverberation to mar the effect of the music. It is undoubtedly a valuable addition _ to our concert halls, and will, in the opinion of many persons, be regarded as equal to any other place of the kind in the city. Mr. W. R. Pybus played an overture on the piano, after which the Liedertafel made their appear- ance and sang Krentzer's stately chorus, "Dec Tag des Herrn," in splendid style. Mr. H. Christen followed with the bass solo "Das Stbouste Land," and being in good voice he rendered it well, although in the upper notes he was rather uncertain. Abt's beautiful quartette " Both Boselin" was next given, Mr. Homme being beard in it with flattering credit, and the performance was encored. Mrs. George Robertson then sang the solo "Figlio del Sol." from Meyerbeer's " L'Africaine." She was somewhat nervous at first, but as she proceeded her voice gained in firmness, and she finished the effort with the grace and ease of an accomplished vocalist. An imperative encore was the tenalty of this success, snd she responded by singing the canzone, " Saper Torreste, ' from the third act of "Ballo in Mascheia," where Edgar informs Benato of tbe disguise Bicbard will assume, which she gave with confidence and consequent effectiveness. Mr. F. H. Otto sang the aria "La Pensiero," from Verdi's "Nebuchadnezzar," and was encored. Mr. F. Winterbottom afterwards played on the violoncello with bis accustomed good taste and expression one of Schubert's songs and Gounod's "Berceuse," the latter beiDg especially masterly, and eliciting loud applause. The first part of tbe programme concluded with a piece entitled " Von der Wiege bis zum grave," consisting of nine or ten numbers descriptive of the successive stages of human life from the cradle to the grave. These numbers were linked together with recitations explaining the story, and tbey were ably delivered by Mr. Hugo Fisher. Mr. Oelmsnn sang the slumber song very sweetly, and Mr. Otto gave the drinking song with a dash and sp«rit which won him golden opinions, while the charming love song rendered"by Mr. Mumme with a pianissimo choral accompaniment was particularly pleasing. The choruses were altogether capitally sung, and showed high proficiency on the part of the performers, no small credit for which is no doubt due to the conductor (Mr. C. Piittmann). The rendering of this piece took over half an hour, and it was evidently felt by the majority of the audience to be much too long. Had it been made to form by itself the first part of tbe programme, that arrangement would have found greater favour. The very fact that the composition possesses high merits, and cannot fail to delight all lovers of good music, ought to have ensured for it a better position on the programme than that of being placed on itas a last item before the interval. The second part opened with Abt's chorus, " Lebe WobI meia Vsteriand." Mr. H. Fischer then sang Donizetti's recit. and romanza from " Marie- di Budenz," and achieved by bis artistic treatment of the pieae a genuine success. Mr. Mumme also gave the recit. and _ aria " Dutch die Walder," from " Freischutz," for which he was warmly applauded. Mr. Winterbottom played a romanza of his own composition on the violoncello. which was encored, and Mrs. Bobertson won similar honours for sioging Paladilhe's " Last Serenade," after which the concert was brought to a close by the Liedertafel rendering C. L. Fischer's grand chorus " Liebe and Polizei" Mr. Pustkuchen took occasion to move a vote of thanks to the Liedertafel for the treat they had given the audience, and the motion was enthusiastically carried. Mr. Armbruster, on behalf of the Liedertafel, returned thanks, and expressed a hope that they would continue to receive the liberal support of their musical friends. BAZAAE AT THE Town HALL.—The bazaar held by the Sisters of St. Joseph last week will be continued at the Town Hall Exchange-room 6 this evening. _ ESTEETAIKKEKT. — An entertainment was given in the Draper Memorial Church Lecture- Hall on Tuesday evening, October 12. There was a very good attendance, and Councillor Madge occupied the chair. An account of the "Journey from London to Paris" was related by Mr. J. B. Champion, who was attentively listened to. Mr. Champion described the various incidents connected with the trip and the principal places of interest to be seen at Paris during the time of the Exhibition of 1878. Various ladies and gentlemen contributed to the enjoyment of the entertainment by singing songs and ducts, giving recitations, &c.;, the principal of whom were the Misses Champion end Sellar, Messrs. Sharp, McKechnie and Eidge. A vote of thanks to the ladies' and gentlemen who had so kindly given their services brought the entertainment to a close. GARKEE'S THEATRE.-There was a lar -eatteu- Tlf r n l D e t0 witness the thM l rofeK80r Si Pepper's Ghost entertainment. The magic-lantern views of ancieit and modern statuary were shown with life-Hke distinctness, and appeared as if seen through a stereoscope. The other items on tbe programme were well executed, and the whole entertainment was thoroughly enjoyed by the large andience. The same programme will be repeated this evening. 