B&omaii; CsitEioilc --liiircli, OajHo His Graco Archbishop Vaughan visited Dapto, oil Wednesday forenoon last, on business con nected with tho establishment of a Convent there, md tho proposal to provide a Presbytery at Albion Park. Tho Very Rev. Denn Flanagan accom panied tho Archbishop, and the Rev. A. W. Petre, of tho Parish of Dapto, received those gentlemen on their arrival. Tho Church, which had been beautifully decorated by Mrs. Fry and Miss Bar rett, was well filled. Two Addresses were pre sented to his Grace, the first boiui; from tho President and members of 'Tho Society of tho Boyhood of our Lord Jesus Christ,' and tho second from the President and members of 'Tho Society of tho Childhood of the Blessed Virgin Mary ' The addresses expressed affectionate regard fur the Archbishop, and love for the Roman Catholic religion. After the addresses had been rend, the following otlicers of the Societies wero presented to his Grace one by one by the Rev. A. W. Petre: — Society of 0. L. J. C. — Dapto: J, Nuu'in, President ; J. Healey, Vice- President ; T. Horo, Secretary. Shellbarbor : J. Condon, President; .T. Fitzgerald, Vice-President ; J. Sey mour, Secretary. Albion Park : H. Illiein, Presi dent. ; T. Wiley, Secretary. Society of C. B. V. M.— Dspto : Miss Hore, President ; MissNunan, Vi 'e- President ; Miss L;irkin, Secretary. Shell Inrbor : Miss Cregar., Secretary. Albion Park : Miss Brownlee, President : Miss Timbs. Vice President. ? The Archbishop then made tho following reply : His Grace said : I am very much obliged to yon for your Addresses— to the boys, that is to say, to President and members of tho Society of the Boyhood of our Lord Jesus Christ; nnd to the gir'ls. that is, to the President and members of tho 'Childhood of the Blessed Virgin Mary. And as it seems to me that your two Societies are bound together by such close ties as that of the child hood of Christ and His Blessed Mother, I think it will not be out. of place, indeed it is very titling for me, to give one reply to both Addresses. And in the first place I have to thank yon for referring ... T liiive been pn.Tri.'ed in for votir sakes. Indeed, it has been, in many ways, an | unpleasant one to lie obliged to cross those with ( whom one would so much sooner be at peace, and | to create angry feelings, perhaps, where one would j so much rather have been able to soothe and to give pleasure. And yet it could not have been ! helped. I shall not be asked at the last day j whether I have sailed along comfortably with the j public opinion of the hour, or whether I have | been careful to be on the popular side, and to | float, with the tide and be carried along by tho i wind that happened to be strongest; but. I shall be asked rather whether I have preached the Gospel, and had moral courage enough to speak the truth, and warn parents and children of daneer. 1 shall be asked if 1 have had Chris tianity enough in me to prefer your eternal interests, my dear children, to all human interests, and the peace and happiness of your immortal sools to the vain and empty and fleeting praise of men. And if I shall be able in some sort to answer that 1 have felt a greater consolation in j the sense of having done my duty, than 1 could have felt in all iho^world's applause, then I shall not. fear so much to meet our Saviour, to whom 1 shall have to give an account of your souls, j Tho world can talk very big, and can put on a very bold 'face, hncnnsn it is not responsible, as 1 am, for your hcawoly welfare I know that to iimko inonoy, to know a groat deal, to get n reputation, to acquire name and fame nnd honour here, aro great attractions, and 1 do not say it ia wrong, within certain limits, to aim at such IhingH ; but I know something inoro than t, his— I know that nil these thineii you will bo stripped of, ns surely iih you will one day exchange your everyday dress for a wliito shroud, aud your homo and house for acolliu and a grave ; and that you will bo judged in oroty thought, word, deed, and omission ; nnd that your uternity depends on tlij) result of this. All theso things I liavp to think of for you, and to weigh woll, that you may host secure a fair certain ty of everlasting life, ono tasto of which is worth all tho gold aud silver and knowledge this earth can give. This, thou, is why I have been battling for yon— that you innv. now that you aro young, bo trained in the faith of your fathers, and bo grounded in tho only true religion. Dear children there ia only one God, and only ono truth, and ono narrow way to lifo overlasting. Our Lord does not say ' narrow aro tho ways,' but 'narrow is tho way.' Ho does not say 'straight are the gates,' but 'straight, is tho gate,'. aud we liavo got to walk along that narrow way, and enter by that straight gate in order to outer lieavon. True, there aro those who, because tlioy aro living in good faith, and because they aro '- fulfilling tho law of God so fur as they know it, ?though they bo not professed Catholics, are looked upon With plenstiro by our Lord, But we, who have been born in tho true religion, cannot plead tlioir excuse. To love our religion is to apost.alizo — is to lovo our souls; and wero I too keep my peace nnd sop you thrown into peril of your faith, and not cry out with a loud and earnest, cry of warning, I should bo liko the hireling, who fled when the wolf caino, and allowed that, fierce animal to scatter and destroy the sheep. It is for this reason that 1 have spoken ami written so much, and . gone on whilst tho world was being ?irritated anil angry. I am not hurt or annoyed by its way of acting. It cannot help.,- going - on liko that; it would not be itself if it did othorwiso ; it cannot change its I skiii, or alter tho tone of its voice, and it will go on as it has begun to tho end. In its own peculiar way it bears witness to tho truth. Wore it on my ;sido, I'shonld foci there was something wrong; so long as it condemns me, I feel pretty secure that I am doing my duty, aud am fairly true to my ; responsibilities, and am succeeding in my aim, which is that of making your salvation as socuro as I possibly can. It is to bring this about that I liavo induced tho Sisters to come to Dapto to teach yon secular learning, and how to lovo God, and , 8iivo your souls. It is a great delight to mo to feel j that the dioceso is growing strong in such centres of happiness and light, and in due course, please God, tliero will not bo a district which has not its roligious, Catholic schools, where tho children can bo religiously brought up in tho faith of their i fathers. Now, you ask mo to iledieato this dis trict to tho Sacred Heart of Jesus. Dear children, I am touched at your request, and will tell you what has been my intention for some time, and that is. on tho occasion of tho opening of tho new Cathedral of St. Mary's, to have a solemn triduum, and to dedicate the whole Archdiocese of Sydney to tho Sacred Heart of our Blessed Saviour. 'iMoniiwhile, you must, encli of you, dedicate to the divine and burning heart of Jesus, that king dom which is within you, and which your Master has bought with a great price— with the price of His own most precious passion and death upon tho cross. Offer Him your body and soul, your senses, words, and actions, and beg of Him ever to make your hearts bent in harmony with His. Thus you will prepare yourselves for the great act of dodiea; tion, which will bo made shortly throughout the length and breadth of tho Archdioccse,and in every district subject to my jurisdiction. Dear children, may our Lord's boyhood bo your pattern, may our Lady's childhood bo an example to you of faith, purity, humility, and love ; and may lie who mado her what she was, and is, make your homes according to the pattern of the House at Nazareth ; and may tho blessing of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, descend upon you now; and remain with you for ever.' Tho Archbishop tlion proceeded to point out to the poople tho great advantages that were given not only to their children, but also to themselves, by having a convent in their midst. Ho said that all knew by hear-say, if not by experience, of the suffering that their Catholic forefathers had gone through in old Ireland and England, and that the Education Bill lately passed by tho Parliament of this country give them au opportunity of showing here in Dapto that tho same blood of faith in and zeal for their religion ran in their veins. Aud liis Grace proceeded to show that the loss of the priest living in Dapto, if ho could call it a loss under tho circumstances, viz., that their priest was only going a few miles from them, was fully mado up by the gain of tho Sisterhood. 