VICTORIAN REVIEW. ? ♦ The oontents of the June anmbor of this excellent work are made up of many useful, as well as interesting articles. The first is 'What Legislation may do for the Legal Profession,' by Sir A. Michie, Q.C. The learned writer evidently thinks it is hieh time a change was made in the character and conduct of some of the Legal Profession, and also in the reduction of many of its costs and charges, and in an amalgamation of the two branches of the profession. ' The Confederation of the Empire,' by J. O'Brien. This is a subject on which great diversity of opinion exists, and which has been freely ventilated of late ; one set of politicians asserting that colonies, if left to themselves, would be certain to make ship wreck Of it, the Other side maintaining thlt the colonies, as they grow to maturity, must throw off the yoke which binds them to the parent State and shift for themselves — reluctantly, it may be, but still a necessity. Amongst the hitter believers we find Mr. J. O'Brien. ' Russian Nihilism,' by E. Colonna-Close. The writer shows that ' Nihilism ' is not indigenous to Russia, or even to Europe ; it having existed in the tenth century in China. ' Nihilism ' is grossly misunder stood. It is associated with scarcely any. tiling but assassination and incendiarism ; it is generally regarded as the most dangerous excrescence of the human mind, an excrescence with fibres that nndermine the social fabric, that discard all restraints of morality, religion, and family relations, and that it allows uncontrolled license to every passion and impulse of our nature. They are looked upon as ' destroyers ' of present institutions. This in a certain way is wholly true. But the horrors conjured up in our minds by 6uch a word are materially modified when the word as applied to them is properly understood. It is true, then, that they think that religion, the State, the family laws, property and morality are equally odious and must be thoroughly rooted out and abolished. But the religion they would abolish is that sect of it as represented by the Greek Church in Russia, with its venal, dissolute, ignorant, and exclusive priesthood ; the State which they would revolutionise is that represented by the wholly irresponsible autocratic power of one man, — condemnatory, whether belong ing to an emperor en* any other dignitary exercising magisterial power; and though Alexander is humane, he is human, but his minions, who are the real rulers of the State, are those who grind the bone and the flesh, the sinews of the people, and make money of their blood ; the family they would destroy is that which permits not domestic bliss and love outside its pale, that regard all external to it as canaille, which speaks of its dependents as gentes, with a social sacra, as exclusive as the exclusiveness of the sacra in the days of patrciau Rome ; the laws they would break down are those which can, thank God, only exist in Russia — laws that are made and unmade by Russian roubles ; the property they would destroy is j that associated with all the horrors of I serfdom and its ghastly reminiscences ; and, finally, the morality which they would root out and send to Hades, its fittest bourne, is that morality with which Russia, is familiar, which knows no difference in illicit inter course between the sister, the daughter, or the mother. If to destroy all these utterly and wholly to that extent, that one stone shall not be left upon another, be the origin of the invidious nomen Destroyers, what reader of this article does not burn ingly say — Go on in your glorious work ! let no impediment etop your way, annihilate this pandemonium, worse than Dante's ' Inferno,' and clear and till the land of the Sclav, that it can generate nothing but the true, the beautiful, the good.' And we say if this be in reality Nihilism we wish it God. speed. 'Worry, as a Factor of Disease,' is a cleverly-written essay, by J. Smith. There are few of us who in the every-day business of life have not often felt its anxieties, its cares, but above all ite worry ; a ceaseless restlessness, a nervous irritability which we would fain cast from us, but can not ; a weakening of our physical and mental powers, a teeling of lassitude and a gnawing desire for rest and relaxation. The writer says, 'A few months ago, a venerable clergyman died in England at the age of 102. He was often asked, during tbe latter years of his life, to what circumstances he attributed his longevity. His reply was, ' Freedom from worry, and never coddling myself.' ' He hud great stress upon the first of these causes ; and very properly eo.' Mr. Smith gives many curious, not to say wonderful, illustrations of the effect of the mind acting on the body, and concludes by saying, ' I submit that if we wish to live long, to enjoy life rationally, and to maintain that due equilibrium of the mental and physical faculties, and that harmonious co operation and activity of both, which should be their normal condition, we shall be wise to bear in mind this brief and simple admonition, ' Don't worry.' We have in this number another paper on ' Law Reform in Victoria,' by J. VT. Rogers, Q.C. ; ' Chinese Labour,' by Bruce Smith, the writer being decidedly on the side of John Chinaman ; ' The Political Situation in Victoria,' by J.F.C. ; 'The Affairs of Europe,' by E. Castelar; and ' The Contemporary Thought of Europe ; ' — all of which we must reserve for a fu ture issue. Hfmekeal. — Last Wednesday morning Mr. Edgar Sendey led to the altar of hymen the youngest aud only unmarried daughter of the Lite Mr. Alexander Fran cisco, whose memory is as familiar to our readers and as widely revered as his name is known throughout the length and breadth of this colony. Upon the morn ing of the ceremouy, which was performed in St. John's Church, Fremautle, by the Rev. D. Glyn Watkins, a profuBe display of buuting decorated High Street, and iu other directions throughout the town the Port exhibited tokens of the gayest pro ceedings. A large number of invitations was issued for the breakfast, which was held at the residence of the bricio, «u«l «f ier which the happy pair drove off to Narro giii for their honeymoon, amid the cou gratuiatioDs aud best wishes of uuiaerous relatives and other friends. The Working Men's Hall. — The tender of Mr. D. A. Gray has been accepted by the Perth Working Meu's Association to erect a new Hall in Wellington Street. We understand there was some brisk competition for the work among roauy of the Perth builders. The Town Hall.— We have been re quested to state that iu cousequeuce of tbe Volunteer Parade this evening the Rifle Baud will omit their usual pro gramme. Anstos and the Ghost. — We learn from Mr. Griffiths that in accordiiuce with his instructions hie agent in Mel nurne has shipped the whole of the scientific instruments by tho incoming trip of the Otway, in order that the marvellous illusions he has uimouuced will bo pro duced at an early date. Professor Silves ter will, as usual, have the control of the apparatus so iliat tiio verniers worked elsewhere by him will receive here tiie auuie masterly supervision as when exhibited in London, ou the Continent, and »t New York. The preiimiuarios connected with these novelties, as wight be anticipated, bear a fabulous tendency and, to give our readers some idea of the expunse necessary to produce tbt- Professor's illusions, tv« learn that the total cost of the essential adjustments in ttie possession of Mr. Griffiths autouuted to £630. The new entertaiuments will take place about the middle of August. Nouth Frkmaktle BitiDGE.— The Go vernment Gazette omtuins uii imimrtnMt notification with nieience to the manage ment and u&e; of the North Frouiautle JBridjje. Thb Nohtbehs Territory.— From the North we learu that at Beagle Bay the season has been propituous througlmut and heeu highly satisfactory for lambing. At tli« Ashburtou ttie natives had aitiuu been troublesome to tdo Ninroiiiidiii^ settlers, upon whom ilioy liu%o ii-jti- Hted mnuy of their .-H li^jMtW-.tmiis iui.'-ug sheep and oti.or ^roj*ny. 