Bishop Hale's Visit to Warwick. Iiiis Kight lteverend 11K1 Lord II i ,-1) op of Iirisbaiiu arrived in Warwick on Saturday ('Veiling, for the purpose o£ officiating ut con firmation services at St. Murk's Church on .Sunday, and consecrating n portion of the cemetery on Monday. Ilis Lordship took part in the services 011 Sunday morning, celebrating Holy Com munion, the sermon being preached liy the Kov. James Matthews. The rerodos over the Holy (able looked very beautiful. It was surmounted with a wreath composed chiefly of white chrys.ni thcuuiiiis, and just Biiflicioiitly relieved lor tlic effect of color with scarlet geraiicuuis. The text in gold letters was most appropriate to the day and to the occasion," Th"y received the Holy Cthost.' The font also had its wreath, iu which white flowers only weie displayed. We may licrc remark that the Bishop starts to-day (Tuesday), at S o'clock "..m. for Killarnoy, where thero will be n confirmation service at 12 o'clock in Christ Church. The good folks of KUlai- ney will entertain the Bishop and CJei-gy after (he service. Ilis Lordship proceeds to Brisbane on Wednesday, returning to Alloraon Friday, for the purpose of confirmation at that town, and he conies subsequently to Warwick iii order to proceed to Da,.key Fiat to hold a confirmation service there. THE CONFIRMATION SKBVIUU. The confirmation services commenced at 3 o'clock (Sunday ufternoon), when a large number of young persons were confirmed by the Bishop. The Bishop having robed at the It.-etory, entered the Church by the Northern door, preceded by the Revs. .lames Matthews and h. C, Osborn, whilst the congregation, which was a crowded one, Ban- "Onward Christian holdiers." The Litany was read by the ilev. Mr Osborne, and the hy,"" BU1W Was boldiersof Christ arise aud put your Armour on. His Lordship then asceudcd the pulpit ttttd delivered a bm-f but appropriate addreBi to the congregation generally, but which was applicable to the candidates in particular. His IiOIIDKIIII' said: My dear young p001)]u and my beloved brethercn, it. is a very happy circumstance (hat this confirmation is taking place on Whitsunday, for it is ft ,,,.L.at advan tage to young persons newly confirmed to have something by which they may in after time certainly remember the occasion of their , confirmation and the special services of the day. Now, this is a day which they cannot fail to remember, for they surely will always , recollect that their confirmation has taken place ou Whitsunday, A lid there is n special Illness iu it. This is a day that in old times used to be chosen specially for the baptism of converted persons- in old times when persons were converted from heathen faiths | and were A loiiy time under preparation tis catechumens receiving instruction. Then they looked forward with great interest and great joy to Whitsunday, when there was a general baptism of these catechumens who were approved and had been prepared. And upon these occasions the female catcchumcus who came to be baptised, came us wo see these youug persons here to-day, in white apparel, to signify that purity of heart which ou,rlit to be iu all such persons, and therefore the dav came to be called Whitsunday. Now these are young persons who have not been brouirlit out of other heathen faiths, but they have been brought up in the glorious bright path of the joyous Christian faith. It has been theirs from their infancy. When they were infants and when they were unconscious of the trans action, then it was that they were admitted into convenant with God. Now, they come to fulfil (hat. which is due on tlieir part, namely, to make an open profession before <>od and mall that they arc satisfied they wore admitted into that blessed Christian covenant, and that they desire to remain in it aud con tinue for ever unto their lives' end. Aud so then, ni we cannot call it their second baptism, it is nevertheless a supplementary part of their baptism. Therefore, I hope and trust as they come now ill this white fitting apparel, so WcMna.y hope, and trust and pray tint thoy will join iu this service and dedicate themselves (o (Ind with purity of heart, and a full and ardent desire to fuliil nil the obliga tions which tlioy have taken upon themselves. Now iny hope, my de.ir young people, is that you will always remember this blessed WhiL sunday, and remember that which is now taking place, that profession which you are going to make before O'od and mail. If", member too the lessons which this da.y is specially caluulutcd to feaeii you, that you musl put no dependency on si length of your own. The lessons of this day nil lend to impress upon our mind f his one great lesson - (hat the help of the llojy spiril "r li"d is needful ill all we do, and iu all we say, and think, in order that, it may be well and pleas ing iu (iod's sight. Now this is specially manifest in the prayer whi.-h we presently hop.' to (lifer up upon e.irhnl' y"u when hands are laid upon yon. This pr.iyer which is offered np at lhat solemn in,iin,'nt is a pr.iyer ' for tint's Holy spirit. And even earlier in ilio I servic" before w come to that when you will presently stand and have the ijiiestiou put to | yon: Whether you do desire to abide iu that covenant which you have b-on Judicata 1 tof Von uillniiswerlh.it presently J hope iu an audible tone. Let me here aslcyou when you ? uake lhat answer to make it audibly. J,"t no ''lie think .you are ashamed "f lhat which you ait. d'.ing, and above all things, let it lie h'Mrd ou llii^l, that tiol n;ay know you are iml ashnned of Him and ol' your li.'.r.ill ? ?I' Ilis :..'i-vi.-.., :i||.| lll.'ll II' will !|"| 1" ?' h "Hi'-I "I yei in I he d iv I., " ?. When v-'i link' II,,' :>.'I.U..Wl"d.fin,.,,I .md :.,y " I ilo," tli.-n ill,,it I'.illo'.i I ,,, lli-e word., an* .p.,k"ii. II,f"||.,i,- ||,'' Mo-.ds--" i >ur h"lp ii in I lie uuiie < ii' II,e L "'d" as if I,, I,.mini y"n, although ?on ari* e-ill'd ujf.nl in mike ail open .ofi o. iou aud f-.iv. "1 do," Vuli ain im-, | wn"I;.iti'ly r..minilod tli.iL you do nut li) il pro!- ^i-Hl Mr that rosolnlion ijj yonroirn Mreligt.il in your own dependence, Iml tli:il '.'I'll' li-'lp is in the name ol'I he fj-" Well, I will ju t lake tli.' dilT.Mvnt ")? t]". i pi'ay.T wllii-ll will I,.. oITeivd Up ilV"l' you. " Defend, O l,.*r.l, these thy servants with thy Heavenly grace, tli.it tin*y may continue thine for ever, und daily increas" in 'I'liy Holy Spirit iiior,' and more li|| tJn-y c.iiii'e lo thiiK* everlasting Kingdom," Now, tli' fust word ill the prayer is r.lllii-'l- striking, tho word " Defend Wo ;ill 1;now there is no necessity fordefouce unless lh->ro is danger j ill hand. People do not l-ocjuhv to In? 7i.. - fended when there is no danger, and so tli.- I voiy Aral word in that prayer puts you in mind that you are going lortli up .u n path of danger. Anil that part nF tin; prayer inaUi-3 it very manifest lhal il is not. tho dangers to yoiii- bodies wh/eh HIV spoken of. That in Hot tin.' mailer. Dangers to bodies are "*reat troubles >nii'liiiii-.s anil have to he guarded against, hut dangers to the soul ure far more serious thing.-', and il is in relation to these dangers-the dangers lo the soul-that thia jirayer is particularly offered. And so there ure danger* lo the soul, Oil, if young people eoul.I only lie convinced, if wo could impress upon (heir minds BO that they may remember every day anil every hour of Lheir lives that their walk through life is a dangerous walk, ami dial there are dangers beseting thorn on t.he road, anil that dangers are lurkin"- for Ihem on every side 1 It'they could only re member this, olt! how cautiously they would walk, llow carefully they would walk, liow circumspect they would lio ill relation to every!hing- which might happen to them. Hut on the other hirnd, bow many youiifj people there are who cannot be persuaded that there is any danger at till. Tliey lliink tlnitus long us they are young and have high spirits then is the time to enjoy themselves; thoy have no cares of life, they have nothing lo weigh on their spirits, and they think that this is a time when they cr.ii bo forgetful of all dangers and give themselves over to the en joyment of life, and so they forget the dangers lhal await them on every side. Now perhaps some of you will say, What are these dangers ? 1 will just indicate to you what I mean. You i11. 1 = ? ? many of you^ have felt sometimes upon occasions when you strayed a little aside to do something which you know i6 not exactly right-lo go "'to some company or frequent some place where you know- in former times, temptations have come upon you to do tilings which are not just exactly what tliey ought to be. It may be but a very little tiling,nnd you think them trifling things-to oinit only one little duty, or to do some trifling thin" which though you can soon repair. There is. Illy dear young people, mucii danger in do ing this little thing. It is putting the foot only that little distance beyond the lino which God has marked out to you as the path of duty. There is danger in that, stepping osido, i though it may be only for the smallest dis tance from the path which is the right and true one marked out foryou, Kecollcct wiiell j you do this you put yourself deliberately and wantonly in the way of dinger. There is the tempter, that great enemy of souls, watching, lie BOOS a weak one doing something which is a littlu wrong and the conscience just a little uneasy-only a little thing. And then the great enemy of souls sees his advan tage. He sees that person only doing a little thing and then he gives another and a larger temptation, committing that person to greater troubles and greater temptation. People do not generally fall from a state of comparative iunoceuce all .it once, iuto great sins. Such things rarely happen. I do not say they have never happened, but it is very rarely any man falls all at once from a right way of living illtoa bad way of living, and yet) dare say a good many of us know of people who upi>aioutly have been for a time in the l ight way of living yet in after life have fallen into a bad way ofliyiog. And this happened simply because they wore not afraid of the dangers of little temptations. They are taken rapidly away from one step to another down, duwn, down, until all who liurc cum lor them and lore for Hieiu, are constrained to weep over theui as persons for whom (hoy can entertain littlo hope of their recovery, and nil this because they have not been afraid of that little danger. If you nre templed at any tim.' to slay away froul God's house when you know you oughl to go, have you not felt that I here is danger in negiectin » that which you can very well use ? Wlinn you are tempted to hurry over your reading of tho the Uible, or neglect that reading altogether or just read a few verses wilhout thinking of them. Vou think you aro discharging your duty hecausu your eye is resting over so many verses-that d mger of making light ot God's word, of evading the good iustructon whieh is given you. I might keep you here telling you of these dangers for a long time, but I have set forth oho or 1 ivj of thorn which people think little dangers, therefore pray always that you be kept out of tliese little dangers which nre always the beginning of greater ones. Defend, O, Lord these tiicy servants from these little dangers, by thy Heavenly grace, by that Holy spirit of God whose coining down upon mankind we commemorate lo- duy. It is by that Holy Spirit(of God, by that Heavenly grace, that we are going to be defended. Now remember thai the Holy spirit of God is a gift coming down from Heaven, that gift is to come and dwelt iu our hearts, and it is that which is to make us watchful and clear sightud. Itisby the lielpof that Holy spirit, thatgrac.' of God, that we are to bo enabled to avert those dangers. The reason that people do not see these dangers is that their spiritual sight in dull and they do not see anil cannot observe. Hut when the Holy spirit of God comes and dwells in our hearts it makes lis keen sighted and watchful, and if by a very little circumstance dangers come near us, I he Holy spirit within us says " There is danger, take heed, watch and pray." Then we "O on to say "that they may continue thine for ever." Now no doubt you have all been taught that you have already been dedicated t> 'jod, und that yon lire God's, and that you can never depart from God without robbing God of that which belongs to Him. Your souls all belong to Him, you have been dedicated lo liiin and you are His, and therefore you can never go away from Gol without robbing Him of His rights. Yon know how jealous people are of keeping things of (heir own. It. is instinctive oven in little children. Tho smallest child, when lie has got anything which he can call his own, how pleased he is, anil how he take;; oaroof it. TJi.i! Ubilinet MUvre us ;tl! through life. Anything wj fed to be our o-.vn, how cuvfu' w..iir..'of il. Anil so with God. He is carelul ui lli.it which is 11 is oivii, and when his people are e ireful als i to walk in II is ways and keep i:lose to lliui, Ihell depend upon it tiivl will keep thein. Th-n we pr.iy I hat " Th 'y may continue thine for over." Not for any limited period, not till the time we die, not for any shorler p o-io l or longor lerio'l, 1 lilt for ever ! " TliaL they may con tinue thnie lor evei'.'1 And what is the next pel il i.ili ill 111'1 prayer And il lily im'rea.'i; iu 111 y Holy Spirit more and more." Xo standing still; there i^ uo sueh a thing as slaudin.; .still ill (he t 'In ihliaii i-uihs. Anyone who I'.e.ui's forward to tv.; God und t'i I couliuu>' among,,( (i.. 1"k p.oplc must. ,ilv.-ny< be s»i»kinglo go forward, ouwar.l, and upward. Wh 'U oiiee a p.-rs m thinks lie has gone far enough in grace and tihedieno! to Hod. and who thinks he in ty ceasj iu his elforts for the rest ol' his life, so sur.' us he <!o..,s lie will go downward and lo... ground, mid go backward iu his condition. And so we must strive logo onward day by day, daily increasing iu God's Holy Spirit 11111 i, w.. eo'ne lo His evorlastiil" king,loin. ]J ? always watelii'ul anl ruvfuh and always I.,.king .el' for lll.y . dangors and if y.in I hint I 'ii ; ivpiin.; -v..,it au\i..lv and ? Oil ;! lilt '? II'.'. wh.Y .edv t m i 11 f; |,,i a 11 i ? ? t ? t. ? 111 of that which is (o c nil., at la -I. - - L1 ? 11 iI I h-.y I.'lo I'liine over-la-ting l;ii.g.l."n." Now. \I.II liny tliiiil; this a 1 aig way ..IV, I. it yua i.'ii'l kii'.wilni it i ?. It ni iv 1... n"ar. Voung |S vou arMh . till!., may b- near when <lud will call y..u out ot thio inorlal Jil'e. Lj.nlilou. lhit limit ]iiins"lf to lake away o!il people liy any ni'Vins. Wo often hear oF young people taUen away, and sonic personsialkaliout th< ir b>in;» t iken away unprepnvd-taken r-ud» d-nly. Well, it (infill, n^ver to h < .?(" for th-'y ought alway-; to w.-iMiiug and waiting, if .?ver hm young. And so, my <I.mv friends, think tbi! God may t ike you, young jh you aiv, andjif yon wateb and wait ronliuii liJy, the end is to li;: th.tt you '.in* to enter info tli.it everlasting kingdom, and if it comes soon so muuh the bettor for you. Your friends will we-»p and mourn after you are gone, lh«5 more ynti love them, and the more nearer you goto Go I, and the more you answer their expecta tions in being everything th»ir hearts can d-wre, .so imn'h < li»» more will they weep for the 1'p.h-j of you. lint they will rejoice because of your life. They will rejoice when they re covi-r the first. shor*k from the loss, for I hoy kiinw ? h.it lift* whirh Ij.-h J een *> good, SO pure, so Holy, that that life has ended in (Soil's pvorlastiug Kingdom. May God in His mercy grant to us aU, aw we proceed with this scrvice, the spirit to join earnestly and fervently in it. Don t think you have come to ho spectators of that which is going on here, just to sec this unusual circumstance of confirmation, but think you have come hero to join in it. Offer up your prayers for these dear young people. What is calculated to give us more joy and wake us feel more faithful to God than to feci that all these young people are about to give themselves to God, to walk iu His Holy ways, and to enter at last into His everlasting kingdom. Uphold them by prayer, pray that they may be strengthened by God's grace, that all they resolve on they may accomplish, and that the greatest thing they can wish for may be attained in God's good time. An offertory was uiade after the address, and having sung Hymn 31G, the congregation dispersed. THE EVENING 8EBVICE. The church was crowded iu the evening when prayers were read by the Rev. James Matthews, the Rector, the lessons being read by the lie v. 33. C. Osboni. Bishop Hale preached the sermon, selecting as his text Acts XIII-52 or last verse.-" And the disciples^ were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost.' There was never a, day, said the Right Rev. preacher, which passed over us but we received some gifts from God for which wo were bound to bo thankful. In the Psalm to- day, for instance, which had just been read," Everyday will I give tharUe into Him" I said the psalmist, and every person whose mind I was alive to the goodness of God would feel , that every day gifts wero bestowed upon him I for which he owed to God the warmest [ gratitude, and the most earnest thanksgiving. But upon this day they celebrated one special gift, the greatest gift of all. With tho single exception of the gift of Gods own 60u, the gift they celebrated to day was ono transcending all other gifts, in its value and its importance. But before it was bestowed from Heaven, the greatness of the gift, its importance and the certainty that it would be given bid been announced to mankind. Even the prophets of old had told the people concerning the gift and the tnanfold gifts of tongues. St. Fetor retnided them that it was only that which had been promised years before, and the same had been foretold by Joel, Isaiah and the prophet Jeremiah. They were reminded in the scriptures road to-day, especially that one for the gospel, how Our blessed Lord told His disciples of this gift and how much weight He attached to it, and how He told them it would abide with them for over, how it would enlighten them, aud things which seemingly had no meaning, and were dark and inexpli cable to them should come plain to them. He told them of the griefs they would sufEer whea he was taken away from them find that sense of desolation which would come over them, but that they would receive some compensation for this- Ho would send that blessed comforter who would abide with them for evor. In all these we coald see how important that gift was as a thing to be looked forward to. And what hod been tho results of that gift from the day when it came down from tho Heavens to this day, when it was continually couiiug down upon God's people. Why they could not but say when they looked at these results that it was a good thing to commemorate it and have it always kept upon our ininds. Let us enquire how this great gift of God worked with his people now ft days. He h<d worked miracles to turn people from darkness to light, but in these days we had no need of the.se miracles. They could see Jiow he enabled poor sinners to turn away froin the thiugs which once hold them captive and to espouse other and higher things for which they had once no mind and no inclination. As he reminded the young people ut confirma tion to- day--one of tho means which that Holy Spirit, of God used, was to enlighten tho mind and keep the conscience quick and alive that it might know and feel when temptations were at hand, and when danger Wits near. The conscience which was kept alive, that soul which was kept bright nnd clear, by this Holy Spirit of God dwelling upon it-such a conscience would have a rapid apprehensiou of auy danger at hand. We knew how it was with people in vespect to ordinary dangers of life, dangers of body, or dangers which might threaten peoples' estate or their property, when they wero running risks or speculating. How some would readily take alarm and protect themselves. Hut what wero these in comparison with the dangers to the soul P There wore some who were watch ful and keen sighted, keeping away from tho upproitch of these dangers, aud yet after all our care and watchfulness we wero but poor sinful creatures, still falling into sin aud doing thiugs displeasing to God, breaking His com inandmuits. Ifow were people to bo aroused out of that condition P There was a conscience in every breast, and God had planted it there that it might reprove us when we did wrong. He who suffered that conscience to grow hard, and stifled that voice, and refused to listen to it, then that conscience ceased to warn the poor wandering siimorand he was indeed in a dangerous path. IJr.t then came tho light of God's Spirit upon that poor isinful man, aud he awoke from his dream of sinfulness aud wickedness, mil perceiving the dangerous rock to which he was drifting, ho callcd aloud for mercy in his great tribulation aud fear. There were wonderful instances of this awakening of conscience, and it struck him us something remarkable that within the last few months he had read several accounts where (lie power of conscience had been irresistible in men who had committed murder years ago, and although they knew that in giving themselves up to justice Owe was nothing before them but the gallows, yet that fate was more tolerable with them than this fearful agony of conscience which had rendered their lives HO miserable. Alas! how many men there were who rushed into God's pre. seueo and threw away their whole lives, ra-My committing murder upon Themselves bjcau-e of :-ome intolerable burden. These w-M'e ^ the eonsiHju^nc.'H of an awakened conscience. And how did the lloly .Spirit act iu the case of those seeking help't He <aine down and administered comforl. He was the Comforter who spoke word; of wisdom, and words of guidance, and he taught these poor miserable sinners the way iu which they could di'let.' the stains of their guilt, and they were taught that there was the blood of Jesus Christ the Lord shod in order that it might blot out all their bins. Hut, thank God fur it, th'»re were many cases of Ihis sort, for many instances had come to tin; ki«o\Uedjje of those whose duty it was to Minister among it e-'iisei 'ii''-' slri.'U"n people-many people who h-'.d thus l».v..n for a tim » rendered iiiiser.iM<» by (lie workings of (h<» ronsrieiice. That was the woiliing of the ilolv .Spirit, to bring the j) »ir Mnn-'f MI: -iri'l 11k S.-tvi^ir. and fhrf :->l\ oi.m mav I. . ;,<vo}"n IMi -d Ih . II..'V SjMiil inn.<! Mill w..rf>. work. W.m-\\. and onlv . Ih it r-p-ntane ? d-ep-r an I 'I'-p", Mnl Ml" pur guilty simi-M* f--e\s (hit though Got has forgiven lliui for the ,tl:.. .1 ??u< r:,ri.;t, k*ill h- li.H iziv.il .Iii11y iu forgiving him.-df, for h" rep Mite i and humbled lnuicolf continually before tied lk'c.mn" nf lus sin. He folt how heinous a lliiu^ it had i>^0U, to rebel against that <»od who was tio merciful and bo good. Ho felt how lK'inons a Kin it hnd boon to rebel agaiust that God, and lii" more deeply felt His mercy and loving kiniln.'S.i. Tln'ii' were many ways in which the spirit (if God ia< a Comforter. Tin.'!-'.1 were none of us who had not our tr.juMed, our Borrows, and griefs arising from 'til" circumstance or anolTicr-it might bo from one cause or another-but man wasboru to trouble as the sparks fiew upwards, and ns sure as we arrived at anything like age in life no surely did troubles and difficulties come upon us. Whence then comes tho comfort? Only that blessed Spirit of God. All oilier comforters failed. Those in trouble looked to this friend, and to that friend for consolation, but none of them wore able to comfort, restore, or bind up (lie wounds which were inflicted on their hearts ; but when the Blessed Spirit of God apoltc to tliein and lad them to the God of all comforts, who poured His balm in and bound up those rents, they naturally looked to that Blessed Redeemer as their comforter, and then they wore comforted indeed. They had read in this text that " The Disciples were filled with joy nnd with tho Holy Ghost." Anyone reading the history of tho Acts of tho Apostles thoughtfully, for tho first time, pondering over each verse, and reading of the manner in which they were persecuted by those wicked men who drove the Apostles from one city to another seeking their lives, raising up tumultB, and inciting even tho minds not of the female rabblo, but of de vout nnd honorable women, exciting bitter prejudices against these men, and bringing trouble into the innermost messes of those families, it must hare been a greivous experi ence in the extreme for them. Yet how startled the reader would be when he aame upon these wordK, "The Disciples were filled with joy," and then follows the explan ation-"and with the Holy Ghost." That was the solitary explanation of it, for so other explanation was possible. Nothing else could have filled them with joy. It did not say that they were comforted, it did not say that they were enabled to bear it, or that they were re signed to it, but it said that "They were filled with joy." And here we found happy desoriptions of them, that they were actually rejoicing in their tribulation, rejoicing that they were accounted worthy of suffering these things in tho name of their bleBsed Lord and Master. The Holy Ghost was comforting them. It was He who imparted to them that joy. And wo prayed in the collect for this day that wo also may rejoice in His Holy Spirit. So this was something which anyone of us might look for, pray for, and cxpeet when we ask for it in faith, and rejoice in that Holy Spirit by faith. Wo might go on for any length of time about these gifts of God, but this thing he begged them to remember, that it was a gift from God and it was im possible to get it by any other source. We thought we eould do great things in various matters by exerting ourselves ana employing stTOng resolution, and thought we could ac complish great things by these means, we could do nothing towards getting those gifts of the Holy Ghost by way of any efforts of our own. It was a gift which came down from Heaven, and separately and apart from nil this, it was a gift which oreryone must oBk for, for himself, and if he did not ask for it, it was certain be could not get it, but if he did ask for it-it was equally certain that it would be given him. Whatever > po sition they might be placed in, whether el temptation or of trouble, or sorrow or grief, pray that that Holy Spirit might he given to them, and remember that other promise, that he would abide with them for ever, not i coming now and again to visit the temples of the Holy Ghost, but to abide there-there to make his dwelling place. Those who sought : to make their bodies fit temples for the Holy I Ghost, and prayed that He might make Hu dwelling place in them, they would be temples of the Holy Ghost; there Ho would abide, and thero He would give His peace, that peace which passeth all understanding; there He would fill them with joy and com fort, enabling them to go on from grace tb grace, until they came at last, as had been said to-day, to God's everlasting Kingdom, CONBECEVTION OP THE CEMETEBT. The consecration of a portion of the ceme tery devoted to the Church of Enplaud took pinco yesterday afternoon, at 4 o'dock. The. Bishop was received at the entrance to the Cemetery by the Ulergy, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen, and several of tbe principal inhabitants, when his Lordship received a petition praying for tb« consecration of a portion of the ground. Tho BiBhop signified his assent and proceeded i> large congregation, walking slowly round tho ground reciting Psalms xux and cxv. Appropriate prayers followed, when the scnteuce of consecration was rend and ordered by the Bishop to be enrolled and preserved amongst the muni ments in the Diocesan Begistry. The beauti ful Hyuin was then sung-. " Jcaiu lives ! no longer now Cnii thy torron, death, appal us.' The Bishop then dismissed the congregation with a blessing. 