LLOYD PENMAMT: A TALE OF THE WEST. By EALPH NEVILLE, Esq. CHAPTEE XXI. (Continued.) On arriving at the stage, where time was al lowed for supper, Mike declined leaving the ! coach with the other passengers. When they returned he was asleep, and slept, or pre tended to do so, until they reached their destination. After delivering the mail the coach proceeded to the 'Golden Cross,' Charing-cross, then an inn 0 £ great celebrity. Not wishing to expose Mike to the scrutiny ©£ the crowd who usually awaited its arrival, Pennant got out in the Strand—near to Northumberland-court — where he intended putting up at a cort of boarding-house, much frequented by naval men, and with which he !had become acquainted when a ' Middy.' J^ayugm; naa xairiy uronen uu tuey quitted th© coach, and the fox-hunter, awakened by the sudden stop, shook Mike heartily by the iiand, and begged him to dine with him at the ' Hummuas.' 'Good port there, sir, and we'll have another chat about poor Blake and old Dun eeverick.' A few minutes afterwards they were com fortably installed at Mrs. Benbow's. Mike was stowed away in an attic, to remove him from observation — and the landlady received a caution to be circumspect. ' His friend was,' Pennant privately informed her, ' en tirely out at elbows, and disinclined to see strange visitors.' ' Captain Pennant,' said Mike, solemnly, as they sat at breakfast, ' I don't wonder you should regret the wilds of America, for, little as I know about them, I wish to be there myself. I wouldn't undergo all I have suffered for the last forty-eight hours again for my whole estate, if it was given back to sue as it came from my father. To be damned OS a robel is bad enough, but to be obliged to listen quietly while one's family is made little of, and one's self accused of ingratitude and treachery, is beyond bearing— .you can't imagine what I endured. If I was free to take tho fellow by the throat, and call him out afterwards, I wouldn't care — to be obliged to let the he circulate more widely, without daring to contradict it, is worse — far worse — than all the trials of Job. Why, sir, there wasn't a human being in that coach (probably yourself included) who didn't be liove I attempted to rob my cousin, while, in feet, I risked my life to preserve his property, and am exiled to-day, all from gratitude for the very kindnesses the world thinks I bo Sagely requited. I suppose Maurice thinks so, too. Heaven help me, that has no way of explaining matters to him, and them that — I do wish I was in America, where one would neither meet attorneys nor liars. And if you go—' '1 11 take you with mo ; but my time will be so occupied that you must excuse me if I cannot see you so much as I could wish ; meanwile, don't be uneasy — and, on the other hand, don't be incautious until I call upon my friends, and see what can be done.' | CHAPTER XXII. Pennant first proceeded to his agent's office ; it was transformed into a boarding-house, and a slip-shod lady who dashed down stairs to meet him in the hall, fancying he was a lodger come to fill the vacancy announced in a morning paper, only knew ' that the old gentleman was dead,' without being able to furnish him with the address of the widow. To go direct to the Admiralty would be waste of time, for the Board had been changed, and the permanent secretary had also retired since he left England, and most i probably he would now find no person there who could recognize him. Looking over the Directory, he ascertained that the residence of the First Lord, who had given him his promotion, was in Park-lane, and thither he at once proceeded. His reception by Lord Eufford was extremely cold. ' After all that has happened,' said his lordship, ' I scarcely expected to have seen you again in this country, and cannot help expressing my surprise that you should honour me with a visit, and place me in the unpleasant position of either violating my duty to my sovereign, or of arresting as a traitor a man of whom I once entertained so high an opinion.' ' My lord,' replied Pennant, proudly, ' you will neither be required to violate your J L— ? J__ 1 ? ? 2 ? j * _ T 1 ? uuty, aur u- uriug mu to justice. x nave broken my parole, and escaped from France to confront my enemies and demand an in quiry into my conduct, and I have taken the liberty of calling on you, in the first instance, because I am personally unknown to your successor in office, and can with less difficulty state to you the real circumstances which caused me to leave the country so abruptly as I did. As regards the crime of treason, I have but one answer to give — that I never so much as saw Lord Edward Fitzgerald, and that no communication, written or verbal, has ever, directly or indirectly, passed be tween us — and although my acts should pro tect me from suspicion, and my past services be taken as a proof of my loyalty, still I am come to seek the most rigid investigation into every charge which may bo brought against me. Spare me a few moments, my lord, and I hope to convince you of the truth of my assertions.' Lord Eufford listened with deep interest to the story of Pennant's family misfortune, and to &, detail of the motives which induced him at once to abandon his profession and his country. ' Then, I presume,' he said, ' Captain Pennant, that your first wish is to have a court of inquiry — that your innocence being established, you may be reinstated in your professional rank.' ' Precisely, my lord.' ' It is unnecessary to tell you that I have no interest, with thn nnnnlo n.t nrfinfint in power. The First Lord, however, is a just and kind-hearted man — we were school fellows—and I shall drive down to the Admiralty at his reception hour, and lay your case before him ; be so good as to meet me there.' Lord Eufford was punctual to his promise, and the result of his interference proved to be, as he anticipated, that Pennant was promised the investigation he sought for, and permitted to go at large on Lord Eufford's guarantee that he should appear before the Court when the authorities were prepared for the prosecution. He had now no f urther occasion to prolong his stay in town ; Colonel Blake was not there, and even if he were, nothing could be gained by seeing him under existing circumstances. Pennant had written to Mrs. O'Mahony from Deal, apprizing her of his arrival in England, and expressing his determination to avail himself of her kind invitation and proffered assistance as speedily as possible, and he now wrote, announcing his intention of at once proceeding to Ireland. Again urging the necessity of caution, he placed £100 at Mike's disposal, should circumstances compel him to a change of quarters — at tbe same time arranging with Mrs. Benbow that the bills should be placed to his account, so long as his friend thought proper to remain. ' Oh ! what would I not give to accompany you,' Mike exclaimed, as they were about to part; 'you'll see Dunseverick, and Castle more, and the mountains, and the lakes, and the neighbours, while I'm cooped up here in a garret, every moment expecting to be drawn from my hole like a badger ; but, to be sure, you had worse turns of fortune even than that — and who knows yet.' Since tho conversation in the post-chaise, Pennant had never uttered a word regarding Miss Bingham.' s conduct-, his future line of proceeding, whatever it might bo, seemed already determined upon, and being of a temper which disdained compassion, and chafed at all control, he not only avoided giving Mike an opportunity of alluding to the subject, but led him by his manner dis tinctly to understand that any interference in the matter would be unpalatable to him. Arrived in Dublin he wrote to his kind friend, to say that she might expect him at ? town by the coach which would leave next morning. The ' stage ' at that period took two days to perform a journey since accom plished by its better appointed successor in less than half the time, 00 that Mrs. O'Mahony had ample notice before the arrival of her expected guest. The welcome tidings reached ' the Mis tress ' just at the close of a bitter contest for the surgeoncy of the county hospital, in which her protego was defeated, through the Blatherwell and Pincher-Martin influence. As the situation was always heretofore re garded as almost within her gift, this slight was a blow to Mrs. O'Mahony's dignity, which roused tho slumbering embers of. her rancour, and converted an underhand opposi tion into open and undisguised hosility. Here, then, was a glorious opportunity of at once welcoming a friend and worrying an enemy, which the good lady in her present frame of mind was by no means disposed to let slip. Accordingly, orders were dispatched to every tenant 011 her own and the Martin estates to muster at a giving point for the purpose of celebrating the arrival of the real heir of Castlemore. Tar barrels were pro cured and placed on the summits of the mountains, while hogsheads of ale and casks of whisky dotted the lawn in front of the house, so that the assembled thousands might toast Pennant's health, and wish suc cess to his undertaking. At an early hour the carriage was at the door, and the Mistress, accompanied by Eory Mahon and a strange gentleman, drove off in great state for ? town. The servants paraded in full-dress livery ; but Jack, the coachman, who never could resist a good drop, was a source of grievous apprehension ; he looked very seedy, for, in the hope of securing steadiness on so important an occa sion, his mistress had not only kept him in a constant state of inebriety since the receipt of Pennant's letter, but she had furthermore promised that if he would only behave well on that day, the next fortnight should be at his disposal to get drunk as often as he pleased with impunity. Mrs. O'Mahony had taken care to spread the intelligence of Pennant's arrival through — ? town as soon as she herself had received it, and she took effectual means to secure the coopera tion of the mob, with whom she was at all times a favourite. Eory, too, spared no ex pense in treating the leaders, so that by the time the coach was due public feeling had risen to the highest pitch of excitement. Pennant was astonished to find himself warmly greeted at a small pot-house on the road by a knot of people, who furnished the coachman with laurel branches to decorate his horses, and hoisted a blind piper on the roof of the coach. As they proceeded, he remarked that the inmates of every cabin they passed were assembled outside the door, cheering and waving their hats — but as the salutations seemed to be directed to the driver of the vehicle, he did not care to in quire into the cause of such an extraordinary display. When, however, they entered the town the applause became tumultuous. ' Women waved their handkerchiefs —men shouted — the piper struck up, and his horrid drone increased the din.' At length the crowd became so dense that the horses could only proceed at a walk, and when they reached the inn, there stood Mrs. O'Mahony, Eory, and the stranger ready to receive him. XJlick, my dearest Ulick !' shrieked Mrs. O'Mahony, tears of joy streaming down her cheeks, as she precipitated herself on Pen nant, the moment he emerged from the coach, and clasped him firmly in her em brace, amidst the cheers of the bystanders. ' Thank Heaven ! I lived to see this day, i tiuu tu baiij juu uLUi-Liv iju li iu.Lup.u, — xjruu. bless you, again and again !' and she im printed a fresh kiss at every interval on her astonished victim. ' Mr. Smith,' cried Pennant, stretching out his hand to the stranger as soon as he could extricate himself, ' what an unexpected j pleasure to see you here !' ! ' Father Stephen O'Malley, my dear, the gentleman that married your parents, and christened yourself,' interrupted Mrs. O'Mahony. ' And here's Eory Mahon - the true, true friend of your poor murdered father.' There was another burst of applause when Pennant shook the faithful fosterer warmly by both hands. 'You must make a speech, my dear,' whispered Mrs. O'Mahony, as ho was about to seek refuge in the house. ' Captain Jack couldn't come in to make one for you, so you must do it yourself.' Pennant, being utterly unprepared for such a manifestation, and quite unable to deliver an address, for he really was un accustomed to public speaking, knew not what to do ; however, when informed that his silence would be construed into ingrati tude or contempt, ho expressed his feelings in a few sentences, which, coming straight from tho heart, made (as such speeches al ways do make) a suitable impression on his hearers. When they entered the parlour of the inn, Eory Mahon asked permission to say a few words in tho presence of the landlord and three or four respectable inhabitants of the town, who were requested to remain. 'Sir,' he said, addressing Pennant, 'I don't know that I ever laid my eyes upon you until this moment, nor havo I ever had the slightest communication with you ; beforo I go any further, I think it necessary to ascer tain your identity with the infant son of my poor master. If you are tho son of Squiro Ulick Martin and Lady Florence O'Donnell the middle toes of your left foot are joined.' ' And so they are,' said Pennant, as taking off his boot and stocking, he submitted his foot to the inspection of those around him, who, at Eory's suggestion, made a written statement of the fact. After a short delay, during which the party took some slight refreshment, more, as Mrs. O'Mahony remarked, ' for the benefit of the house than for the gratification of their own appetites, the carriage was ordered to the door, and a sort of procession (at the head of which was the piper and a couple of fiddlers) formed in front, to conduct them with all due honour from the town. As Jack came forth to 'tool the coach,' Mrs. O'Mahony cast an inquiring glance-r ._??- on such occasions his condition was always a ; ,7 source of the deepest inquietude — his deport- : : i ment, however, inspired confidence, for he walked exceedingly erect, and with much dignity. The extraordinary care he took in inspecting every strap and buckle created some alarm, for the Mistress well knew from sad experience what such care generally portended. But when, having the reins in one hand and the whip in the other, ho took off his hat, and exclaimed, as he prepared to mrmnf flu* TT nVQ rrrtoo m t-» o m n nf JaiUUJJU KiAU UUA JIU UUV liUUlU Vi the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' Mrs. O'Mahony felt it was all up; but she con fined the expression of her feelings to an audible groan, and muttering in an under breath, as she threw herself back in tho carriage — 'Bad luck to you Jack,' she quietly resigned herself to fate ; and then they moved forward— and then the shouting and the clapping, and the rude wit, and the stnl ruder music, recommenced, to Pennant s undisguised astonishment, who, never having seen anything of the sort before, wondered how so many people, of whom he knew nothing whatever, should take so deep an interest in his welfare. He would have in ?quired of his companions how this came to pass, but it was impossible, for the uproar precluded all hope of holding conversation ; and, besides, his time was fully occupied in shaking the hands which were thrust in to him through the windows. At length ono continuous and prolonged cheer, louder and longer than any which preceded it, rent the air, and the cavalcade came to a sudden stop. 'The Captain, I'll bet a guinea,' cried Mrs. O'Mahony — ' the devil ventured in, though there's two Dublin bailiffs watching him ; but he's such a warm-hearted crea ture.' She popped out her head, but instantly, drew it in laughing. ; ; ;/ £ ' It's only Pincher's gate-keeper they've got hold of, my dear. Take care, boys,' ad dressing those about tho door : ' for the love of heaven, don't let them beat him too much. I know myself the creature doesn't like a bono in his master's skin.' By this time a waggish- looking old fellow, , riding a mule, was led to the carriage door. vi iy ' Well, 11 I must, 1 must, boys, so hero ? goes— you may hould the sticks over my head, you know, but don't strike.' Then ' ?) taking off his hat — ' Long life to yer honor, - r Squire Martin, and long may you reign. ?-'-' I N ow, boys, let me go, for I did your bidding, and by G — ,' he continued, when he was released, ' I'd do it again if I never opened a t gate, for he's the born image of his father.' Again the procession got under way. When : they reached a particular spot the towns people took leave, and the carriage proceeded at a more rapid rate towards the mustering place of the tenantry, where the grand cere mony was appointed to commence. At the end of about a mile the butler (who had directions to meet his mistress on tho road with information as to how matters were pro ceeding at tho rendezvous) made a signal to Jack to stop. -i After an introduction to Pennant, and a mvsterious isort of conversation with his mistress, which seemed to gratify her much, ?he mounted the box and sat beside the coach man. An observant eye might have detected some peculiarities in Mr. Moore's manner, but his mistress seemed agreeably surprised ' : ' that matters were not worse, for she whis pered to Eory Mahon — ' ' Thank heaven ! Moore's behaving himself, anyway, and he'll be well able to attend at dinner.' They advanced for some time longer very agreeably and rather rapidly towards their destination, but from their animated gestures Mrs. O'Mahony, who kept a sharp eye ahead, apprehended a diversity of opinion between the occupants of the coach-box, and she in timated as much to Eory Mahon, her visa vis. At length the carriage drew suddenly up, and both men simultaneously tapped the j window at Fathor St&phon;'o back, w'ko in-' ; ,','; | stantly let it down. ? ? ? ' 7; (To be continued.) ? 