WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE: SECOND DAY. The President took the chair at 10 a.m. After devotional! exercises, the secretary called the roll. The, Rev. G. Martin was appointed corresponding secretary. Applications having been made by the Press for reports of the business done in the Conference, the following ministers were appointed to send information daily to the. following papers Sydney Morning Herald, Rev. d Olden ; Weekly Advocate, Rev. G. Martin ; the Daily Telegraph, Rev. W. W. Rutledge. The following committees were appointed, one the entire nation of the Conference:-Committee on discipline; of recommendation on appeals. The Conference next proceeded to the-order of the city. All the cases of candidates for admission into fall contain nection with the Conference were postponed to a future session. The following probationers were reported to the Conference 34\. Revs. Henry Allen, John W. Collier, John G. Taylor, Gustavus Thompson, Edward Youngman, and Caleb Terrey. These have travelled three years. 2. Revs. William Dinning-, Frank Duesbury, Edward King. These have travelled two years. 3. Rev. Joseph Bowes, Thomas Northcott, Luke Parr, Arthur J. Small, William C. Thompson. Those have travelled one year. The following are the subjects in which the probationers; were examined in their district meetings in October last: First Year of Probation: 1. Greek Testament, Marie, chapter i. to vi. ; Green's Handbook of New Testament Grammar. 2. Hebrew, Genesis, chapter xi, to Lady. 3. English Bible The Acts of the Apostles. 4. Wesley's Sermons, No. 1 to 15. 5. Fletcher's Checks. 6. Randle's "For Ever." 7. Palsy's Hora Paulinas.-Second Years of Probation: 1. Greek Testament, Acts, chapter; xv. to xxviii. 2. Hebrew. Psalms xx. to xx, 3\. English Bible, Exodus. 4. Wesley's Sermons, No. 16 to 33. 5. Jackson's Institutions. " 6. Church History. Growth of the Papacy. 7. Broadway Homiletics.-Third/ Year of Probation.: 1. Greek Testimont-Romans, chapter, iii. to xi. French's New Testament Greek Synonyms. 2. Hebrew. Isaiah, chapters i. to vii. 3. English Bible Hebrew, chapters i. to vi. 4. Wesley's Sermons, No. 34 to 58\. 5. Pope on the Person of Christ, 6. History of the Reformation, Wickliffe to Luther. 7. Westcott on the Canon. Fourth Year of Probation : I. Greek Testament, Ephesians ; History of the Text of Greek Testament! 2; Hebrew, Isaiah, chapters 1 to Iv. 3. English Bible. Book of Daniel. 4. Watson's Institutes, Art, " Redemption." 5. 'The 3rd and 4th Fernley Lectures. 6. The History and' Policy of the Methodist Church. 7. M'Cosh on the Method' of the Divine Government- N.B. E very probationer shall b a examined in at least have (5) subjects," and must pass in four. The Rev. W. FLETCHER, B.A., brought up an elaborate and discriminating report from the Examining Committee on the examinations of all the young ministers on proba- tion. The report spoke very favourably indeed of some of the papers, but not so favourably of others. It was most emphatically stated from the chair that these annual examinations will be carefully carried out, and that the rule will be enforced which says that each probationer must be examined, in five (5) subjects, and must pass in four (4). The ex-President, Rev. J. OSAM, read a letter from the Rev. Carrots ton, resigning his position as a minister on probation. Mr. Orara also read another letter, in which Mr. Hotston asked permission to withdraw his resignation.. After a long conversation, the Conference decided to accept Mr. Houston's resignation. On the motion of the Rev. J. H. Fletcher, it was re , solved that Mr. Alexander Douglas should be taken from the Theological Institution and sent to a circuit ) and that Messrs. B. Lane and R. H. Rickard should remain at Newington College another year. CANDIDATES FOR THE MINISTRY. The following candidates for the ministry were accepted; by the Conference Granville Oscar Cocks, Henry Jones, Frank Edgar Fletcher, BA., from the Sydney district ; W. H. B. Sylvester, Maitland district; Francis James Curwood, Edward Dunstan, Samuel John Gibson, Alexander Hutchison, from the Goulburn district. The Rev. R. SELLORS stated that the Rev. J. W. Collier, of Queensland, had offered himself for the mission work. On Mt. Sellors'motion the offer was accepted. Rev. B. Chapman was authorised to communicate with the New Zealand Conference respecting the Rev. - Parkes' offer for the-mission work and with the Victoria Conference respecting a son of the Rev. John "Watsford, who is a candidate for the ministry in Victoria, and who desires to receivers appointment-in the mission work. REV. G. BROWN, OPENED BIRTLES. In the names of the Conference, the President- gave a most hearty welcome to the Rev. G. Brown. He felt ; deeply thankful to God for saving Mrs Brown from the devouring waters in the late hurricane. (Loud cheers). Mr BROWN- thanked the President for his kind welcome He had been in a great many gales of wind, but he had never been in such danger, before. He believed that one minute more and ship, and coinpany-woultrtiU. have gone to the bottom. The Rev. X..A» NOLAN moved the following, resolution, which was heartily and unanimously carried : " That this Conference gratefully acknowledges the good ness of God in preserving our beloved brother George Brown, the native teachers, and the ship's company of the John Wesley during the terrible hurricane encountered by therein on the voyage to New Britain. We also express our sympathy with Brother Brown in the enforced detention from his work, and with Mrs. Brown and the mission party in New Britain, who have long; been anxiously looking for Mr. Brown's arrival." The secretary of the Victoria Conference, now sitting in Melbourne, sent the following telegram." Fraternal greetings to Conference. Deeply regret accident to the Wesley. Since re sympathy with Mr. Brown and party." The Rev. P. Firth was- requested to send a suitable reply. EXCHANGE WITH THE NEW ZEALAND CONFERENCE. The Rev. J. OSBORNE said, for some years he had had a wish to exchange colonies. At one time he desired to go to Victoria, but his way did not open in that direction. At the time he was seeking an exchange in Victoria, he found that the Rev. R. Bavin, of New Zealand, was seeking to come to this colony. Mr. Osborne believed he would be more useful and successful in New Zealand. Another reason was on the ground of health. As to Mr. Bavin, it was well known that he stood well in New Zealand, being secretary of the Conference. Mr. Osborne concluded by requesting the Conference to transfer him to the New Zealand Conference, with a view to receive Mr. Bavin in his place. The Rev. W. CLARKE had no wish to lose Mr. Osborne, but as he had so strong a wish in this matter, he would move that the request be granted. Rev. G. WOOLNOUGH, M.A., would consent to Mr. Osborne's request, but would not assent to his reasons. He should be sorry for it to go forth to the public that because Mr. Osborne had entered the ministry in this colony, therefore he could not get on here. Mr. Osborne was a man of force and ability, and could got on anywhere. The PRESIDENT, in putting the resolution, expressed his regret at the decision to which Mr. Osborne had come. He had watched his career with great interest and pleasure. The resolution was carried unanimously. A RIVERINA GHOST STORY. -The residents of this district (writes the Albury Banner) do not, as a rule, deal very largely in the marvellous, but there is nevertheless a bank dwelling on Mr. M'Alary'e selection at Tubbo, which has obtained the name of the " Haunted Hut." A correspondent sends the following account of the circumstances under which the name was given:-" It appears that a Chinese shepherd committed suicide on this wild spot, and was succeeded in due course by a Paddy of a highly credulous and imaginative turn of mind. Accord- ing to Paddy's depositions, the spirit of the defunct Chinese was decidedly corporeal in its tastes and habitues. It had a disagreeable penchant for billy tea, and was not above stealing cabbages and purloining ' unregarded trifles' of every description. This is altogether a new development of spirit visitation, and shows clearly and conclusively enough to the unbelieving mind that a ghost story may afford a most convenient pretext to any designing rascal who chooses to add to his own stock and store by trading upon the superstitious fears of the vulgar." 