? THE OPERA. " MARTHA." The announcement of the perform tnce of Flotow's " Martha" drew another large house at tbe Theatre Royal on Thursday eveuiug. The following was the cast of the characters: — Lyonel, Mr. Armes Beaumont; Plunket, Mr. C. H. Templetoa ; Sir Tristan Mickleford, Mr. Arthur Howell; Mayor ot Richmond, Mr. B. Lei isop; Nancy, Miss E. A. Humbert; Lady Harriet, Miss Elsa May. From the circumstance- that the scene is iaid in Eagl-snd oiiny suppose that "Martha" ;auks among the Euglisn 0(.er;»s. This is a mistake. Frederick Fei-ui naiid Adolphns von Flotow is a native of feuterdoif, iu M.cStlenburg-S-hweriu, and v.-rote " Martha" iu 1858 for the German stage. Io has since been successfully performed in Italy aud ia mcst European cities, and there are several Erglieh translations of the libretto extant. " Martha" was first put upon the Etige in this colony October 16, 1865, just fifteen years a^o It has been often performed siuce thee—iu 1S66, 1S67, 1871, 1S72, 1S75, 1S77, and 1379-so tbat its claims to be welcomed as a generil favourite have been fully recoguised by the public of Adelaide. Its popularity is to a great extent to the fascinating character of the music. It combines a good deal of the charging vivacity ef the French opera comiqne with the more robust peculiarities of the German school. It also presents oppartunitijs for spectacular display in the represent it ion of Riihmond Fair, and of the huntiug grounds of the Royal Park. The management did not avail themselves of these opportunities to the extent that might have b3en reasonably expected. Au uneasy feeling is gaining ground that during the present season the operas are to be produced " regardless of expense," and the manner in which Martha" was mounted on Thursday night is not likely to remove this impression. Almost the entire interest of this opers, viewed from a musical aud dramatic standpoint, depends upon the four characters—Lady Harriet (Martha), Nancy, Lyonel, and Pluaket. They are constantly in the foreground, and the manner in which they were sustained by the artists named above left nothing to be desired. Miss May sang tbe admired old song " The Last; Rose of Summer" with so muoh expressive taste astoevoke an imperative encore; and throughout the evening her vocalization and actiDg were artistic, natural, and,consequently,effectire. Mr. Beaumont's voice was frequently admired both in solo and concerted pieces. His rendering of the aria, " Ah, bow fair," better known perhaps as "M' appari tutt' amor," in which Lionel recalls the ineffaceable impression made upon his heart by the Lady Harriet, was enthusiastically applauded, and on two or three other occasions tbe " favourite tenor" received similar compliments from all parts of the house. Miss Lambert also deservedly shared the honours of the evening with the other performers. The quartets and choruse-s were all good, especially the famous notturuo of the second act, and the very fine quartet and chorus forming the finale of the third act, the leading theme of which is anticipated in the overture. It should here be mentioned that an improvised instrumental introduction to the fourth act was given by the band before tha curtain was raised. It consisted of a clever performance of " The Last Rose of Summer" on the violoncello with full baud accompaniment, hut it failed to c*U forth any special demonstrations, though it certainly deserved them. It will be observed that " Der Freiscbiitz" is to be performed this evening. This is tbe most ambitious attempt hitherto made by the present company. The famous incantation scene will afford ample scope for scenic display, ana the opera as a whole will call forth all the resources of the company. There shoald be a full bouse to witness this splendid work of art. It. has not been previously presented here since May, 1875. CONCERT IN THE TOWN HALL.—The grand vocal and instrumental concert held at tho Town Hall last evening in aid of the funds of the Adelaide Amateur Rowing Club, although very satisfactory in so far as the performance went, was unsatisfactory in regard to tbe attendance, although we believe those present did not represent by any means the number of tickets sold for the concert. The meagre attendance is to be regretted, however, as neither complimentary to the performers nor calculated to put them in good heart for a proper display of their powers of song. The overture to the first and second part of the concert was given by Mr. Oughton on the organ in his usual happy style, as well as in the nocturne and transcription for the organ and piano, in which he was accompanied by Mr. Knox. The pianists, Miss Lindstrom and Mr. W. R. Knox, acquitted themselves to the general satisfaction, and materially helped towards the success of the entertainment. The German, or, as they term themselves, the Adelaide Deutsche^ Quartette Verein, contributed their quota in a part-Bong and a choigesang, which in both instances elicited rapturous encores. Thpy also appeared at the finale, and gave a German drinkiDg song in place of the duet arranged for Miss Peters and Mr. G. H. Nash, who for some reason omitted this part of the programme. Of the vocalists all were in such good voice that it would be difficult to award the palm. Of the gongs of the ladies we preferred the aria from^ "Faust," "Gentle flowers in the dew," by Miss PeterB, and " The little mountain lad," by Miss H Minna Fischer, to the other two pieces which they rendered. The male songsters were in good voice, but apparently did not think it an essential part of singing to enunciate their wordB distinctly, and in consequence there was-, no meaning in any of the songs they rendered, which, so far as the audience were concerned, unless familiar with the song,- might have been in double Dutch or Chinese. Whilst in a critical mood, we may draw attention to the unmannerly practice which prevails ot p«-ople leaving tile room before the concert is over ; not only aiinojiug those who remain, but seriously discomposing the performer"). S<l"b a prartice mats the- entire success of any eutert*ii.mei-t, and should not be tolerated. It certainly would not be allowed iu any city of the old world. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BLONDIS.—During the past week Mr. J. Hoar, the South Australian Blondin, BAB been giving open-air performances at PortlandEstateon the tight-rope,invisible wire and trapeze. At each meeting there have beeu no fewer than a thousand persons present L ist night be successfully carried a women across a rope at a height of twenty feet, for which act he received a round Of applause. To-night the collection is to be devoted to the Prima Donna Relief Fund. So TTH PABK FOOTBALL OLCB.—The annual dinner in connection with this club will be held at the Town Hall Uxch >ngc-roo n this evening. THB CLAEH CHE-SB CLDB —The following is the score to the presen t date at the Clare Chess Olnb in tbe Spring Hand icap Tournament. Mr. Hill, the captain, is umpire and referee :— FIBST CLASS. W.L. SECOND CLASS. W.L. Webb 1 0 Harry 0 2 Tillbrook 1 1 THIRD CLASS. Ileddie 0 1 Bain 1 SECOND CLASS. Gamper 0 Provis 1 1 FODBTH CLASS. Victorsen 0 1 Lefevre 1 Leicester 1 0 May 0 Williams 0 2 BriLkworth ... 0 Cisbop 2 0 TEMPHBANCB ENTERTAIN MENT.—A temperance entertainment will be held in the Flindersstreet Presbyterian Lectu re Hall this evening. GARNHR'S THBATKB.—There was a good attendance on Thursday night to witness Professor Pepper's " Ghost" entertainment. The exhibition of statuary drew forth well- merited applause. This evening is the last of the present programme, a complete change being announced for Saturday. 