-§*mW$tmA\§tm. h is lawiMi that tiie Banks wffl be dosed for tbe Easter BoEdayt, from triday 26& to Monday 23th, bolt dates inclusive. Jf Qcite a large number of persora sssi ajHrn attbeDrufaai -m Wednesday afternoon, to witness the departure of the Volunteers for their Eaat»en»npnnit at -incea«re. Ikn necessary arrangement aas teen nade be the reception of the men at their camping ground, and from what we learn they will not have cause of complaint in any respect. Ob the nil bemicaned there were present Major Moote. Captain Feez, lieutenants Ofe mente, Langfcy. and Ahr»h«n ; abonmeeom nusaumed officeiB, ami surgeons BffMiMaUftv Than; thirty-eight privates, two buglers. and twdre of the baud were aba present, making a tool of aixtv.-ou£, meludingiiflmsia. Imfdkbuixok having been received on Tan day Oat a peram wanted by the police ana os board Oe Governor BUckaU bom Brisbane to this port on the arrival of the boat bete tiie police authorities were on tie alert, bat cnuM _oot 6nd a nerson eaactty re«emhBagti» twenty-6ve years of age was a passenger, and be answered tiie description except as to age, the man wanted being thirty-one, and tbe new arrival being in appearance Bcawsly ten years younger. The description coms nonded so exacdy that Detective Clark, meet ing the young man in town, aefced him pobtoly to accompany him to tiie Inspector's ofuee as a matter of precaution. On raquiry bassj made, Mr. Morgan, of tiie Criterion Hotel, at once identified the young man as hang highly Ot course no farther tumble was given in this ?'***'- This shows, however, tike Becenfy of the greatest care being taken in giving tiie ? gala flf mbhihI t° WfeU SB 0tt^T aril »n MIllillWI when wanted by flu police. Tbe Hudson's Surprise Party met with a very hearty reception at tbe Theatre BoyaL The house was crowded from floor toeeHmg. The performance throughout obtained tiie warmest tokens of approbation bom the andieruy The overture was very well rendered. Mr. T. Hndsoa sung 'Baby's got a tooth,' song *' Quiet little Home, ms also very otbu received. The favourite »ng of the evening, 'Emmaiini,' was sung by Man Amy Barton, plsuse. MissAdaMavcncaiiiemteBantaar token of approbatiou after singing 'Dear littie Shamrock.' Xhe fiorprias Musketeers provoked a large amount of merriment, and was one ot me oesv seaxnres m tne men* ing's amusement. The Mnaes V. and F. De Gay fTeentfd the aaecnipunmeata on the piano and violin witb great can; and precision, and tiiey were loudly applauded after her performance of the Grand German Waltzes (GraSenberger) Cungl, M 5S31 Jones' Coasm ' was p-^*f the sasat laughable piece of tile evenmg. kisE V. De Gay played her violin sotoe, for which she was amply rewarded by the marks of approval sue received. The performance dosed with tiie farce ' At tbe Paris Exhibition.' There was bnt one general expression with regard to tiie entertainment, viz., that it is one of tiie best that has been witnessed here, and well deserves the praise bestowed or. it by tiie Press dsesmere. Successful ExFE&afEsrs; wtib. Dibtsess Sigkais.— A series of some what novel experi ments took place on board tin John Elder, in Nentrsi Bay, last evening fsays the S. If. Hand of the 17th,/. At the invitation of Captain A. J. Cooper, a number of gentiemen assembled aboard tiie ship, and between 9 and 16 o'clock, the chief officer (Mr. Brown/, exhibited a new description of distress signals, with a view of shoving the tie difierence between the old signals and tiie new. Bockete of gnat brilliancy were sent into tiie air. These were visible in various pointB of the city and tiie harbour. The new signals, however, were remarkable not «riy^Jl {or their brilliancy bat also from the fact rt—fc™^^ when the light was applied to them from tiie deck of tiie ship there was a loud report which could be heard for some miles, and on tissir ascending into the air there was anatfaerSBpatt which was audible throughout tbe city and suburbs. The eueriments were ulnnaml with gnat interest by a large number of gentlemen on board she vessel, and the report must have been heard in all parts of tiie metropolis. The John Elder ie one of U» largest and fleetest vessels which tiie Pacific Company has sent to the colonies, and the commander and officers of tiie vessel have dis tinguished themselves not only by their irwmanshipbutabMbytiien-winsMmrtionand courtesy tottctravdung public, and by tteir endeavours to give an impulse to the commerce of the port AcouddenAlenBrnfasrafsentle ?nen assembled an board tte stop bat evening at the iaritation of the commander, and then wasageaeralteeling^satisuutiannatadTtai ?mtmtaCtteacrmndalnB prodded by the anlendidTesrflmtal«l«»sieoftr«coart»y aadhs^m-rfti*caplaiiia»dmsomt»n. Air extension of Mr. F. ComlrVa license from the Alma Hotel totfefeaoeWsbow Gaud, daring the Volunteer f^f— li-r— ^. was granted by the hb J^tal^ J'*b5r3ay. A imnnT Bevuuan and Registration Court, fur the efedml District of Leich Inwax, or that portion eenipnued within die p»^ district ciTSpringeiire; nil be beU it tte Coort Hone. Sj*uwmre,anToesday 6di April, rtKowSt^o^^ ^^* Tim udoBiiu eighteen in number, in the Bockhampton District, wen offend to public onmprtitinn on Tuesday, at an upset ratal of £5 per square mite for the tens of five yon. Only about four persona were puauiL, and not a single run wal disposed of. TsrotWnisgeiit Gazette of the 30th notifies that (he tender of Mr. J. Clobesy, far repairs tolas? Tkmbo Court Hum aw been counted. Bert of 'Eraser's, or Glut Gaudy And, x*aryboroagh Land Agent'. District, - with drawn fan die operation of timber license for catting and removing pine trees or other than cyfrmpine. Is the Small Debts Contt cue of J. O/G. -a Dunne r. P. Kenna, in which th* defendant TV w» cued for £20, amount of a dishonoured tramssoryiiote,tfaePoUceltagietrate,aoTiie!. day. give a verdict tor the defendant with £S 3s. prafewonal easts, and £3 15s. for wit oesses expenses. His Worship and Oat the weight of evidence waa in defendant's favour, and be gave judgment accordingly. Mr. ITArey gam notice of appeal. A special meeting of the Licensing Board was held at the Court House on Tuesday before the Police Magistrate and Messrs. W. Pattison and J. Brown, J.J.P. The transfer of J. Fenzie's license for the Lake's Creek Hotel to Martin Zimmerman, was granted. The appticatMnof John Costolk for licensed gabs to he erected on selections Nob. 489 and 1676, Carnal, ontbe mad between Bock hamptou and ba Clark, waa granted for the riad ending December 31, 1880. Mr. W. 0'Al^ajipearedB.HlBport of Sk applica tion, which wa- oppo-JofMr. T. Wright The traffic eMningii ootbe Central noway iarthe week ended March 13, unwanted to aSU Ma. 9d, allowing, as compared with the comeponding period rflart year, an increase ef £988 lie. lid. There was an increase of *S-3e.!ld.infere8,f8T46e.lldio the receipt, for goods and stock, and £33 2a. Id. in the psrceU receipta. The traffic earrings on the Bootherjiand Western railway tor file above period, amounted to £3365 Be. Jd., showing, aa compared with the corresponding week of laat year, an increase of £96 lla. Id. The total receipts for the year up to date were— Cenbal Une, £11,660 isZ 7-L, incretee £301 18a. 3d. Sonthem and Western line, x3&849 15s. 7d_, decrease £773 la. lid. The pmnperting parly consisting of Messrs. W. Nash, George Poblman, William Connor and George Hall, returned to Bockhampton on Friday evening last. The party had pro apnrfyd overanulius of twenty males, havmg commenced their work on the eastern elopeof the Casuarina scrub, where the colour of gold wmm ol«f«ifiwd, bet Bol.tiMug payable discovered. The ground, however, could not be pwueily tested owing to the want of safficient water, ?ml the wash dirt had to he carried a distance of two miles. The prospectors re. moved from thence to the head of Fire Creek, ' s^ tried several gn^es, and the branches of the creek in that locality. During their stay the party obtained tine colour in nearly all the place, tried. They next proceeded to Horri gas Creek, bat coald not test it raffiaentty on ?ccMint of OK urge qcMrtarfy of Crater id tfac creek. A. littte gold waa bond, hat not in quantity enffirieat to pay for working. Mr. Bosh entertains the idea that goM can be Coand at EagUa, on Mr. Creed's pre-emptive adectian, bat that gentleman win not auow the grosnd to be worked. On Mr. Creed1* fuueUy. Langmorn, a good sample of stone, ahowing strong indication, of the erh*pneeof copper, was obtained. Mr. Hash and hie party were out eight weeks — during that time they were often prevented from working by the flooded state of the creeks. REFERRING to the search for the MISSING Man Jamison and the ketch Nautilus, In- spector Stuart has favoured us with par- ticulars respecting the search sent to him by Mr. E. P. Rogers, at Toorilla Station. Mr. Rogers states that on Thnrsday night, the 11th instant, he started in his boat, accom- panied by Peter Warren, and arrived in Stannage Bay at 4p.m. the following day. After dark Mr. C. Collins joined Mr. Rogers and the party sailed to Townsend Island, where the boat was hove-to until daylight. They then sailed round Cape Townsend, keeping close inshore and passed through Strong Tide Passage to the other end of the Island keeping good !ook-©nt on the IaUnd and mainland with ? telescope bet saw no traces of either the missing man or boat. The night was paaaed at anchor in the ramiii On the following day, Sunday, -=-* Mr. 'Collins and Warren walked along the coact to Cape Townsend, but with out a successful search. Sail was then made for Shoalwater Bay, bit as it ml blowing too hard and the boat was leaking, it was decided to ran for Aiki&'s *«*?»»*, where after anchor ing, the party walked mood the Wand. Item here a fire was observed at Fine Moon tain, and daring the night the search party ?ailed for that locality. On arrival it was ascertained that Mr. Flowers, who resides there, had not seen the Nautilus, bat mistook the voyagers' boat tor her. Aa the weather became had and the boat was badly l**lrW Mr. Collins and Warren sailed op to Stannge &yhn;^endjngtopatchuptiieboat,aiidnni8ecate .« * ? ™ mLm a* «i»a ? n ? , ... | ?ne asorea as soon as roe weamer ueiiUKDea. On Friday morning Mr. Collins obaeivol a wnaad passing north between Northamber iand Groop and the mainland, which it waa aaawht may bare seen something of the SaaSbnvaeaUght wind had prerailed. and n - . j. | m 1, ,--, i_ ll,,. -. * JL I u .aaa«l._i ljiJ «wf MK P'ftp''- BawVaS DBCaB HD UK DetglUJWinuOOO -H lalaul Head and Cape Townand the day before, afaaara. Bagen and CoDhn Join to be oomphmected far their rarr eneqjecK action taken in company witt WnrnnT^ Tkn. Pain Manacate has eoarteonmy handed as a prirnte letter reeanad by him reapeethnj the anarch tor the anaafatao, Jamison, aaaf the cotter Hantaaa, «£e par beaching their boat it was Ken that she had started a plank. It waa feared ttat Jasaam suet ha»e perished daring the gate an the mgst of tbe 13th instant, unless be was picked op by a passing naacL Me Collins walked from fifteen to twenty crfa over Townaend Island bat coald discover noajgnsof the KaatQaa. The part of the island traversed was atated to he dear of trees, and there was plenty of water; the country feeing well adapted fora sheep ran could the sheep be got there. We understand that Mr. G. Gemmell Dick, Besident Engineer of the Frtzroy Biver Worts, haa received Hx appointment at Eaecative Engineer in London for the Queens land Government. He wfll probably leave for London about a month hence to enter upon his new duties. It is not yet atated who is to succeed him in the Harboax Department as Resident Engineer at Eockhamptoo. In consequence of the resignation of Alder man Higua, preparatory to bis intended departure by sjj. Chimhorazo for »WI— «1 His Worshm the Mayor has ammmeel that an ejection for an Alderman in the room of William Kay Higson, Beq, wfil be held on Friday, April 9; and that Wednesday, the 31st instant, » the day of nominarion, which wOltake place at the Mnaicipal Chambers, when tbe febmriiig Officer will be in attend ance from 3 pjn. to 4 pjn. to receive any nomi natkm that may he handed to him at any tune previously with a deposit of £5. It is notified in the Comma*, Gazette at the 13th instant. Out bis Eieellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Coancu, has been pleased to approve of the following rfgwarinn under the 14th clause of the Postage Act of 1871:— 'Printed circular, and circalars produced by the papy rograph, VBlodgraph, mnltigraph, or any other procaa by whieh a number of fae-eimue copies can be made, may be sent by pout as town, country, w&reign; packets, within the meaning of the Postage Act of 1871, provided they are open at the ends or sides, er in covers open at the ends or sides, and the contents legibly en domed thereon.' ^^ The traffic earnings on die Central BaH way for the week ended March 6, amounted to £912 lla. iftL, showing, as compared with the corresponding period of last year, a decrease of £344 10s. Id. There was an increase of £26 13s. 9d. in fans, and * decrease of £379 Ss.tid., in the receipts fat goods and stock, and £7 15s. 8d. in the parcels receipts. The taffic earnings for the Southern and Western Baaway for the above period amounted to £3299 Ma. UoU ehowme as compared with the corresponding week of hut year, a decrease of £534 19s. 3d. The total receipts far the year op to date were :— Central line, £U),02S 17s. UhL, decrease, £686 13s. Sd_; Southern and Western line, CSS.4S4 7s. fld., decrease, £875. The Gold Escort from Clennont, which arrived here on the 16£h instant, in charge of inspector Stuart, brought aOlSoa. 17dwbL 90 gra. of gold, and a thoosand sovereigns, loe wUHiwnitff senfc by the rapecbrc «h«mlf« were:— A. 3. S. Bank. Chnnont, 1021 om. Odwts. 12ETS.; A. i. 6. Bank. Copperneld, 476 on. 2 Awts. 7 grs.; and Bank of New South Wales, Clennont, 616 on. 13 dwts. 19 gts, and awe thoasand sovereigns. The gold was mi i iiiiimIaj^ii smce Aovember hut. The escort from Oermont consisted of Senior sergeant Armstrong, andeonsoblesO'Biiurke, Moran, and Barry. Besides the gold, a pri aonerinttned Charles CaDananT who was sentenced bythe Clennont Bench torii months' imprisonment in Bockhampton gaol, for ille gally using a horse, came down in custody. A xax named James Hoyn, who was lately ^gig^god in wockziw fio the repairs to tbe caxf. way f-r*i-imirtnJ died in the train which left Emeraldat 8-90 en Saturday morning last, and when within a few miles of Eoekhampton. On Dr. M-Nedy-s arrival at Emerald on Wednesday, he leamt that Hoyn was lying dangerously fll at Sheehy's Hotel, and at once visited him, when he was found to be Buffer ing from congestion of the hinge. Dr. M*Xeely prescribed for, and vnated his patient several times dnring the evening, but did not consider be was in a fit state to he removed, and riiiilriwg that his patient would be under his own immnrtiatp care, as he was remaining there for a short time, be would be able to pay all Ok attention necessary, and if on the doctor's return it waa found that Hoyn was equal to the journey it was determined to bring him to town. Dr. MVeely went up the extension works to attend to his immediate doty, bat, before doing so left instractions that if his patient showed any signs of improvement that he might be sent to town. On the doctor'e return on Friday be found Hoyn exhibited no apparent improve ment and determined that he should be for warded to Bockhampton, agreeably to Hoyu'a expressed wish. This was accordingly done, and Hoys left Emerald at the time above stated. At Weatwood Hoyn got outof the train for a few minutes, and upon so dsing, experienced great diSuclty is breathing, hut returned to the carriage and on nearing Bock f^^rAna, be expired. On his way down the pooTfeuow waa nsifed by Dr. ICKeely oo arrival at all the stations on the way. The greatest attention was paid by Mrs. Sheeny to Hoyn, and an that was needful to he supplied or done was promptly and cheerfully attended to, although no pecuniary reward could be expecteaiT this case. On reaching the rXaV atat-u. the body was conve^dto the morgue, aod waa examined by Dr.. Faterasn ana M*K«ely, who were fafy oanvnrad -f the casse of death. The nsetanaentsssk ftaeeou Buuday last. ZnCautoast -*u1eetisns as tins jwrt tram the ISth to tbe 30th aastant iaxsuane, assented to 03S3 19s. M. We learn tnam the Armmac MtU tbat tbe rush to Wah' Creek eoutmnes. *?? — '?* — »*? numbers of laanemen bad passed through An mactownaUpdarmg the week ending on tbe 13th isntant, bound far the new diggmgi. l^tE cricket match on Saturday last between dnded owing to the eaptam of the farmer team withdrawing his men from the field, not being satisfied with a decision of one of tbe Traras are invited by Mr. Fred. J. Beer, Chairman of the Banana Divisional Board, from persons wining to smdertake tbe valua tion of property in the Banana Division. Appficxtwns are also invited tor the office of Divisjonn! Cterk at Banana. The mail tender Bunyip, in charge of Captain C. Wnliams, arrived at the Com pany's wharf on Saturday afternoon after a passage of fity-five boors from Brisbane, n.^t.J.nj, six hours detention m Tin Can Bay, through squally weather; nasty Croat seas prevailing during the voyage. The Bsnyip was placed on fee dip atBnabane and re coppered, her machinery being thoroughly overinuded. A iXLEGBAacaatedxroai Weatwood an 19th inat. at 4 r -* . was received by Inspector Start, to lie efiect that a man named David Scott was aupposed to have been thrown tram his horse in tbe bush, and that a large part; had gone as search, but etiseorared no traces of the auasing man. A second telegram sent an hour later stated that Scott had been found all right. A ?llliir ? aTlbi riisamillii isf la. T T fl and H. Society was held at the Secretary'. offices on ISth inst. There woe present :— Measra. J. Ehmmi (caairman), J. S. Edgar A. Archer, MXJuW. Pattisnu, D. Martin, J. Murray, J. Atherton, J. Thomson, 3. Brown, and the Secretary (Mr. H. W. Biaien). the liaiiiarm waa merely to arrange the schedule of prixes and the pragommeidr ttKenauaug show hi July wfaieh having beea We are suforuwd that the first oeetincjof the Banana Divisional Board was hen at Banana towanfate an the lath iiiia'swl . Mem bers preseat— Messrs. Moretm. Bear. Can ffV a«|sfsilaT»q ^ilsnKIBanna Of UK SSuaVfl, HM WSS ^?11— i— i to eaO far tenders for making a valuation and for the apeomtaieat of Divi sional Clerk. The next meeting of the Board is to take place on the IStfa Aprfl. Imasjunoir reached town on 19th instant thataCsmuanan named Ah Coo Wah had been uuuoutsd atat Nugdty GoBy, oetr Oopper field, byaeomdrymanof his named Jimmy Ah Sue. BaimearBthattheyhadaquarreiabout noon yraterday, respecting msney naattera, and An Coo Wah died two faema afterwards from wonods inflicted on his hod during the raw. The nwrderer iuuuiAuAiiy gave hnnself axtto the police after tbe occurrence. Ssouut the information contained in a paragraph as the EB^mMaS, of the 30ti vwitoiiy, prove comet, tixn bucbu» at probobility that the tisaen not distant when tnegobf-tearmg quartz reefc that intersect this colony m aB dn««tiona, nay be made Boarces of wealth to those who have the energy and means to work them. The extract alluded to kasfbDows:— 'It appears that Mr. Edison does not confine himself to making discoveries in connection with electricity. It is reported that he has discovered ipha for extracting the gold from gold 'tiilings' that is, the sand thrown away by miners as hiving been workedeux. A chenacsl preparation invented hy han wiD take bom £«0 to £SC per ton out of 'tailings' from which the present process scarcely obtain any gold whatever.' The fore going should put Messrs. flynn and party on the qtd rirr to obtain the preparation to try on their tailings at Horinieh. A cdbbespokdent writing from Cometvule says x—^OMt rivers are dotm to their normal height, and grass is plentiful. Teams are arriving every day. as many as twenty fomiwc in together. It is slated that there are eighty teams loaded with wool between Comet and Tambo. About one hundred teams are here at present, reminding one of the old times. Most of the woo! is conveyed to the Great Western Carriers' Company, who have con tracted for about €00 toes for next season. Several hundred tons of goods are contracted for to be sent west from Hockhampton. Sub scription lists have been opened at various places for Mintjre, who lost his team and wool by fire on the Tambo road. On Sanday afternoon Mr. W. E. HOiier took several of the school children out to the camp, where a very is terestmg serrice ra held, at which a large number of tbe omen were present, and also attended the church at night. Ock report of the first meeting of the Go ganjo Divisional Board shows chat a good beginning has been nude in the choice of Mr. Henry Jones as chairman. Mr. Jones is a thoroughly practical man, whose judgment is business matters may be relied on. He has had long experience of road works, having been one of the most osefal members of the Bockhampton Corporation for a manner of years. He is also clear-headed and methodical — qualities which are invalnahle in a chairman and executive officer. With regard to the valuation asd the appointing of a clerk, the Board have taken the most jndi ciooB coarse open to them. Persons willing teemdertcketnewortaf valuing the rateable property m any one or more of the Sobdi vnBons, are invited to apply for the appoint ment, and state what remuneration they [squire, hut in making their choice of vainer, the Board wS have regard primarily to tbe *OO*et™9 ?**[* fl*''** fr make an wiathecswrisioosof tbe new 5*. It vac afao »»oer«tood that a temporal j dHkahauM beapc««ntea. *^ We understand that Mr. M. L MaTficaa, who tor the past nineteen mouths inn been engaged as accountant at the Bridge Waafca, baa been appointed by the Chairman of the Geganjo Divisional District Board to tola the duties of provisional clerk to the Board nmajagappotritmmtof a permanent derk. Issracnn Stcakt states that be received n telegram yesterday, to tbe effect that Jemmy AiSoe had been committed hy the Caeraaont Bench, to take his trial forthewnxal murder of Ah Coo on the 18th instant. Thr prisomr w31 be tried at the next anxings of tbe Greuit Court to be hoUen here an April ML His Honor Judge Blake arrfred by tbe Governor Bbckau, s-s_, Tuesday, and wBanen the Crrfl Sittmgs of the District Court tbk mormngat ten o'doek. Mr. P. Seal. Crown Frosecutor, wul probably arrive bere on Han day by txaeosst man boat, and tbe — — 8— ' cases wiS be tried the foliowmg day. A sreoAL meeting of tbe licensing Board, wffl be held hi the Casrt House to-day at noon. There isonly one application tfaatsf J. Fenzi for a transfer of his facenae far the Quarry Arms, Lake's Creek, to M. Zimmer man. Publican, and others interested an Ksnmded that applications for transfers can be heard afterfourteen days notice has been given, and the anal adnrtmement inserted » the saner*. Is tbe SmO Debts Court ease of I. G. Dunne c. P. Kenna, heard before the PaBee aiaewtote yesterday, n -tod. the jdsanbaT sued to recover £30, the amount of a «ns hononred ummissory note endorsed by plajn tit, his Worsfcro leasrrad hie aecsnen unto tsasuwrnmeTlIr. W. K. D'Arey appeared tar the phuntaX and Mr. B. Lyons far tbe The Hon. Treasurers in Eockhamptan for eoDectienainaid of the Irish Distress BeBcf Fund, sent a draft to tbe Ceatral Coaaaaittee, Brisbane, yesterday morning, tor £U8 ttu. lid.— flna being the balance in band after aeroying -iUBln m SuverDnng sh ncner . ? !? pM.ni inenrred by tbe local CosanuBtee. The tstal JcmiUrf to Brisbane m '? as £618 ta. ld^ dear of all charges. The We axe informed that Messrs. Mean, Taylor and Company intend apprrsBg to tbe Gold Warden to lay off a reef they have been engaged working at Chnreh HfB, near Crocodile Creek, with, no far, fair prsneets. Five tone of staff from tbe dann b now being put through Mr. D. HmchdznVs 'Sahv mander ' machine at the Three MHe, and it is expected tbe crushing wiB be comffctod this week. It is stated on very good authority Oat the yield wDl go 12 ora- or more «f gmd ?sported to be doing very weB. A new method of carrying out n xoofa^ry was a few days smee devised by a man who as described as taving been dressed ' just htea gentianm.' It appesra that he, seeing » boy In front of a grooer'B shop at Paddingtan, asked him if be wanted a penny, TeeeivaBg, «f coszae, a reply in the affirmative. He threw a coin into a shop a few doors down tbe street, which the boy at once mane far. Meanwhile the gentlemady-dressed aaauauaue for the grocer's till, and walked off with tbe abost£3. At present therein no trace of ins wfaereabouts. by Bassia with respect to the mjuilli con templated annexation of Herat by Banna, seems to have had its intended effect upon the Court at Teheran. Oor special telegram aataataWl lslaaajt PaiTBU HtfTaV ptCttSBBS tO OttfiK 4suw9 the threatened difficuhy with Bassia ia averted- Baasia has also thought fit to dis claim aS present intention of occupying Merr, lest such wnualioB should |auvuke n British advance upon Herat. It is not annkely, however, that events in Afghanistan may compel the British to advance unos Herat It is suspected that Abdohnfassan, who promiaes to take a leading part m the afg*wT» oppositioa to the British, ass ^''^ upon Heed. Should he attempt to secure that position, there win be no hnJrrrinn an the part of the British in forestalling him and occupying it with British troops. An impor tant engagement, or series of engagements, is expected shortly to take place in Afghanistan, andperhaps, the sooner the better, as it will lead to decisive measures and prove to the »-i*.n. the utter futility of then- cunlimiing the war. A Novel a-t- Csefxx Machtse.— A mechanical contrivance — American m the ehnpticity and ingenuity of its construction — is now to be seen in Adelaide, says the &tt;« Australia* Register. tt is what may be termed a railway velocipede or tricyde, and is intended for the use of permanent way inspection — the men who go down the nzhraj fanes periodically to see that they are in repairand dear of obstruction. The vessel, which was nmuifsctered by G. and S. Sheffield and Co., Michigan. coosotB of a light carriage mounted upon two wheels, one behind tbe other, with flanges to fit on one rail of the line, while a projecting bar supports a smaller wheel to lake the other rafl and keep the vehicle steady. the rider places himself upon a seat in the fore part of the carriage, and by means of a ckvedy con structed apwright osculating frame, acting upon a aeries of cranks ajr5 'gwbeele beneath, propels himself at a rapid Me along tfaenB way with very little exertion. There is aa» provision for driving the vetaide with tbe feet in the came way as a bicycle. A small hut powerful brake is fitted so as to act on tbe wheda with great farce and stop the machine at once ff necessary. The carriage is betsmen two aod three feet high, and six feet long, and is very light. Behind the driver fc» receptacle CwC tools €uT Wwawatevcr oe uasnaVy BBtuuTc to CsVity with him ef an easy portable character, and in front is a small box for screws, oilcan, *c Nabbow Escape of a Sovhambuusc—A lady, on * visit to Tagnmoatiiiram Someaet* Bfaire, IGbs Goole by name, h*s jost had * nsErow escape from death. It appeals she is ?he opened ha bedroom window, lowered herself to the ground, clambered over die natinra ud walked to the sea. 'Hie cold awoke bee, bat the frigbt rendered her poweriess. When discovered and rescued by a. cotstgnaTdBman, she was sitting knee-deep in water; there was a considerable sea on, and afresh wind blowing, so that her escape was marveQoaa. She is now suffering much ' from the shock to the eystem.— JSaropea* MmL FbEAJHS OF rnv, BOTAL M-PSHIF1IEN. — Thfi story abort their Boyal Highnesses the sons of the Prince of Wales, now on a arose in the Bacrhsnfp. being tattooed on the nose with an anchor; torus oat to be ontrae. The troth is Gat,, as when, for instance, on crossing the T*t»* certain trn?'*'*w»I ceremonies are observed, «o on first touching at a great port other *i'ni^ freaks ate often indulged in. Accordingly, at Gibraltar the midRhipmpn of the Bacchante indulged in the amusement of I^iff*'E oa thefc faces the representation, of tattoo marks, and their temporary freak has been reported as if they bad been really lattnorri FVmjrmn VniT A. ClCAB. THX££ WILL BE A DsiUKD FOB. —We (European Meal) have never Emoted a '15n-tig' cigar, bat from what the mann JBCtnrer, who it appears lives in Connecticat, smys of them they most be the perfection of ^wtmJhw*i We quote from his arcnlar : — *' The tobacco from which the 'Tin- lag3 is made is gron entirely in conservatories and the cigars are made on mahogany tables by thoroughbred Cnbanw in swallow-tail coats and white kid gloves. When a man fflmrirra one* of these cigars he walka on air, and dreams thxt he has a *tlmm*mi\ starf-pm and 65 ^o!ly ''*= of -j-ytihps on, and just —'Tifffl rich. It tiiVt* the breath sweet, and keeps the teeth white, and will force a moustache on tie smoothest lip in five weeks, ft improves and hf*nti6es -Jk» ^ynnjprinii, eradicates tan* freckles, and flnnfli-a^ and is enjoyed by all the amokerfe SttAXG E ISTEEFBEUHOK OF THE RuBBIC. —The quiet litte town of HocBham has been jpffawi by a nanner'a apron. It appears that j3m» «ti«ui^n- of the wat&hoase; fc^ noticed a lame hole in the apron, and its wearer ex jr.M.w. Hi«t, TMihcn pfrfr wan paHatHngr rtf fb* SacrasKnt *wm«- of ft^- wine was snut niwn ^Jm» gatment, wherenpon tihe Chaplain declared that the piece bad become con secrated, and he most cat it oat and deposit it in a box in the church. The guardians ex pressed wtfi!*-E itita pff«gai of tfap Chaplain's ^mJiwt,, flip f^«np^J» now erplaritB mat tie did not lock npme «fa?««WI fragment in a box, but. in obedience to the direction of the ?Asm**..*, shall be reverently consumed, he n-.— »iiUj «w«mKJ the fragment in the fire, Gesrly oonsnmptioii bv fire was not intended by the rubric ; if the Chaplain has erred at all, it was only an error of judgment, for even the most advanced Ritualist could hardly be ffrpwtpd to eat a pauper's apron.— K JfitnZ. Bev. Dr. Chalhxbs.— A large and in fluential «Ji*-»-» *«*w*M*^ in Wkkham «*n**^ Prtsbyterian Church on Tuesday evening, Brisbane (says the Courier of the 18th i'«*M-) the occasion being tbe handreth anniversary of the birth of tbeBev. Dr. Oial ; — ^^j the celebrated Scotbsb divine, orator, ^ iy»*^R^i -aiyi pnlitii.'.Ml econainist. Mr. James i S. Eerr occupied the chair, and. after a short [ address by him relative to the object of the ; meeting, the Ber. Colin M^CoUoch delivered a very able and doqnent lecture, the subject fp^fpg *? Xbomas Chalmers, his Life and [ Work.** Although the lecture occupied an boor and a-half in delivery, the lecturer ?fwnmamfad the attention of his wi*Tippof' taQ Hie ckee. Mr. M*CnBocb renewed the I events in the great man's life with telling [ ^nect, and during Ute delivery the OT^*'nrp at 1 times so fer forgot itself as to interrupt the I lectuxe witii applause, and on the lecturer con j dnding there seemed to be but one regret, that time would not permit the lecttrer to say moce. The Rev. Ohatles Ogg, on rising to propose a vote of thanks to Mr. SfCulloch, expressed his -sitin: sympatiiy with the object of the meeting, and bore testimony to the lasting good that had resulted from the falyMiTs of Dr. Chalmers in bringing into rtra ?mmKi^jf of tzie Presbyterian Church men of high. Christian and fiJinTrtiftf*^ standing. The Ber. James Stewart seconded the motion, which was cordially awarded. A unanimous wish was expressed that Mr. M'CuHoch might consent to have the iftrliirfl printed, but we believe a movement is on toot to request Mr. ifCvOoch to re-deliver it on an early date in the old School of Arts haU. CbESAMJUS MlIEDEEZD 5E££ CoFPEEFIELD. — A Chinese gaidewr, named Ah Coo, who lived aoout a tni|t front Oopperfield, met with Mb death yesterday ( says the P. D, Telegram of the 19th instant J in a very tragic vmanner. 'Die facts of the case, as known, are these : Ah Coo {&£ deceased) and Jemmy Iim Sue had a. joint interest in a garden at a place called Hagqety Golly, about half-a-roiLe beyond the quailing machine. They had frequent quar rels, and at last, not beingable to agree, sold out to other Chinaman. Yesterday forenoon Ab Goo, All Chong, and Ah Toag were work ice together in the garden, and between eleven and twelve Ah Coo went op to the hot to cook tfa» dinner. ' Soon after **»« a l^hipgniyif from Cfcpnnont, named Wong Sue, who had half a j share in the garden, called there to get three | bags of potatoes. He went near the house. i vbere be met Jemmy Iim Sue. and askedhim if Ah Coo was then inside. Iim Sue replied ; 'No, me don't know; me selTem ont my chare in garden five days ago, for £40,' Wong Sue then went to where tite otiuc Chinamen were working, and said he wanted some potatoes, Ah Tong replied, 'why don1! yon get them from Ah Coo?3* Oa learning that Wong Soe had 'snngottt' {or Ah Goo without getting an vnn\ excepting iriw jemmy ttm S«e, All Toog pneeeoMJto H» house, nmmpminl fey Wang Sac B«»im; given th^ Irilw what potatoes he mjutfed. Ah xong went into the tw^1**. bat came ovt im- meSatdy. .^.imh.], ' Some f«B«wkai im.' Wong Sue fiwi altered Uk home. «nd am All Coo lying an tbeenxmd, vitb Gveoreixagly waands an bis had, aed Oe dwtfa-raUk inms throat. The 1 1 nil ? ? il In In fniliinrt in eemiloticee;tiiAthe old nun died in abont an hoar and *-half aBernrds. Jemmy Iim Sue conffmim to harisg coramitbed tiie oot rage. When he IeRthe hot as already men tioned, hehadahandblofpepper ; and. be then went into Copperaeld afidnie himmJf up to the police. Bating tint he had done tbe deed. This is all tint we know of the afiir at pre sent A port rtortcm. fTamhutionot the body will be made tins morning. Be^COSS UlSSdG tX TOSBSS STBA13S. — Captain B*»i-i»l, of tia steamer ly™»l— '., reports that the north-vest beacon in Torres Stnits, and tbe Ip3i iee{ becaa hi-re both danger of vesaeb navigating those parts. A steamer flying the Dutch colours was seen either ashore or at nwhnrrloor in shore in tfae l£Qis Channel, on tJbe IStii »wn*«wt TJie Brisbane was boarded by Captain Webber this morning; he reported that die A-S.^. Company's nfraroffr Ocean was ashore one and a-half mile north-westof Point Lookout : that she left Cooktown on the 13th instant, and without assistance in two days, and had vtbsoned a portion of the cargo and a quantity of coaL The shin was making no water, and was apparently uninjured. — Cook- town T*bgram to the Courier. The Fatal Aoczdest to Youxg Kbllt. —The Comricr of line ISA instant gives tiie f oDowing particnlats of this sad case :— A lad, about fourteen years of age, named John Kelly, who redded with his parents on Spring Hffl, met with a sodden death yesterday through a nil from * horse. It appears the j««-»)iftfi«H rode a Iwum in. one of the cacesct Lylton yesterday, which was in a very sprightly enmiition, ami toe animal, after starting, began to plnnge, and Bnccpwjpd in throwing his cider a^inst a fence. Tbeonfor fam^^ stMttitJl- H^aH^ —11TI1* III vi«J«»w^ ^TffW^iiU't with tbe fence, and fractured the sknll dread fully. . On being lifted op he was found to be inseneihle, and by tbe orders of Sopmnten dent WMseD, sent on to Brisbane by tbe Boko. He wsa, however, landed at the Bofimha Ferry, when some of fas friends rakmteeRd to carry Urn to the hospital, but before they got there the poor Ud died. His body was conveyed to the morgue, A magis FiiHKE Hesxebex&y-;'s Mjsskjn. — Tbe Batmirst tekgraphic correspondent of the Boaumg Htm. under the date of March 15, sends the following ?— ' Eather Benneberry's Mnw^inn w brought to a. concbxBuxi yesterday at the Cathedral. In the afternoon aboot 1000 people B»ipmhl«i m the church, and, after renewing tiie ^jpt^ p '''' pledge formed into procession and marched through the town; and as each person had on a handsome scarJ and a ?»— wial^ it was duite an imposing s^gfai^ Children, married wunmai. sin^e women, and single men walked separately and each detachment was beaded by a handsome banner, bearing a suitable, inscription. A great number of people followed in buggies. The rev. eenfleann preached an »«5iii»t «?-'''« in tiie evening, when a most impressiTe sight was piiwiiird. The congregation en masse renewed tikeir Baptismal vows, every person was provided with a candle, and, whilst the vo«re were made, they were lighted and held aloft by each person as they repeated tbe wards impressively steered by the priest. Tbe view, from an artistic point of viev, was very «»*»*™ff Daring las stay here, the rev. gentleman has done great good, bat dnring some of his sermons be made «-»+!»«** startling B**i™ment*i In pttschizur a sermon on Cd&olic; education, be denounced Sir Henry Parkes and aU who voted for him on tiie Education question. He consigned them fa- ratter warm quarters below. In fippakrng on mixed marriages, be said that any woman who didnt obey the voice of the Church upon tins qvestion would softer ?fait*1 woe, and that non-Cabbolics were not fit partners for the faithfuL' NAicmiL Iktoxjcitejk. — The firnom' Gvarduut gives some curious facts designed to show tint alcohol is not the only 'intoxi- cating principle.' The facts do not, we fancy, prove thk exactly, but they are interesting nevertiieless. In some paria of South Africa, we are told, the colonists all certain species of plants 'drunk grass,' from then- powers of intoxicating cattle feeding on them. There is also a species of dipa. common in some parts of China capable of making horses gloriously jolly, as was prored on one occasion by a Roman Catholic missionary party, who one morning found their horses m a couditian of dreadful debauchery after browsing on this plant. That its inebriating qualities were well known to tbe natives of tiie country was proved by their pamtzng out a remedr — a de coction of goat's-head in vinegar ; which, by the-way, might be worth while to try in cases of intoxication from other causes tins Christ mas. Some »*^™ States, we are told, also have their ?'♦''! intoxicants in the shape of a pale grass capable of producing considerable elevation of spicttzi among horses, cattie, and sheep nartumg of it. The 'principle 'in all these cases may, of course, be alcohol evolved in the natural process of fermentation in tbe stomach, or it may, as our contemporary assumes — though apparently without any grounds for doing Bo— be some other intoxicant. One of oar leading doctors the other day stated that when overjatigaed, he was in the habit of eating raisins, which he found rtinrnlatrag and MVMifaing. That it to say. we |a«uiine, be experienced in a very aught degree a natural aieahabsalaon. just as the animals mentioned are said to nave done to a grater extent from the 'inton- ating princjle' m their food, or evolved in tbexaeeBofaasisnlstiaB.— OJote. Cusi foe BuonasmK.- Xestardsy 800 head of cattle, Mr. J. Jardioe in charge, naased Canzonet: Cher ate e* n* fasn lowen Downs to Berknaomlwi, Mr. W. Eattieon being tbe purchaser. They are the second mobtnot has been despatcned ant of m purchase of 2000. They are in prime condi tion, and show careful driving, tiran and water are e»erywhae aAnndant— TVtgnam, Mart* IS. A Kew Fork of Oath.— A new form of oath, at least to a Wellington (8. Z.) Court, was administered last Monday. A Mahometan witness was being sworn upon the Koran, and the crier in administering the did so in the fallowing manner: — 'The evidence yon shall give in this case shall be the truth, the whole wrath, and nothing but tbe truth, so help yon'— here he named fora ronmrnt, and then in an inquiring manner said to the wit ness— 'Mahomet!' The witness then kissed the boot in the ordinary manner, and hating stated in reply to his Worship that the aat£ was binding on his conscience, the ease pro-' ceeded. The '«i*«t caused s little merri ment, the cause fur wbich 'nil be apparent when we state Oat the 'front,' name of the witness was die same as that of the great prophet by whom he had just sworn. Ought not the oath to have been 'So hejp yon ASbhr—llail Thk Largest Tbee rs the Wobu-. — There is at present on exhibition in Mew York a sec tion of an immense tree which has been brought from California. The New Tori BerSd Bays:— 'This wonderful specimen of nature's handiwork was discovered in 1874. It was growing in a grove near Tnle river. Ffenlare county. California, about sevenb^five nuTes from Yisjlia. Be tap had been broken off' probably at some remote period, and when discovered it vas etiU 340 net high. The body of tbe tree where it was boxen was IS feet in diameter^and hadjtwo limbs, measuring respectively 9 feet ana 10 feet in diameter. The tank measured ndow 111 feet This ancient monarch of Ok forest is called 'Old 11080,' after a mountain near which it stood. It is supposed to be 4804 years old, and it is the largest tree that hat ever been discovered. The section on exhibition is 75 feet in eircum fereuee and 25 feet across. It is capable of holding 19V people in it its interior. The in tErior, as it is now fitted up, m arranged like a drawing-room. A carpet has dees laid down; there are a piano, sofa, tables, and chain, -wiHi scenes of California hung around, and people move about quite freely.''— Jlanbrict'eSaoux Gvuip. ScciE-CiXE Dbeise.— Dnfortunatdf, the planh! of sugar-cane, in the various mmroriffl where it is extensively cultivated, have of late yean lieen considerably affected by disease dne either to fungoid or insect attacks. It is stated, with regard to experiments with diseased canes in Queensland, the following tteabnent, which has been found efficacious in that, coanby may be found effiBCbnl in other countries :— '1. Clean the joints entirely from aO trash as carefnUy as possible. S. Immerse for twenty-four honrs an water aad carbo&c; add at a temperature to bear tbe hand— I fb. of add to one gallon of water. 3. Make milk oflime— 21he.oflimeto one gallon of water ; immerse the plants in this for a few .'im*w i. lift out and spread in thesun, tnmingover to dry for one day before planting.' Oat of tfaetwemv-fonrdnbent varieties of canes so treated, all but two came up i sound and healthy, aad these two were but shghtly touched with flhe disease, a £ew spots only shoving on the outer ends of the leaves, whOe the heart of the cane was quite green and healthy. The old stools or roots from winch were taken the plants so tzealed, *** iifw up diseased, some o them died wit, so tint there can be no doubt that the mixture had its eftect— European MaiL Somethikc Like Fatautt.— On Sunday afternoon (says the Maryborough Chrmudeof the 10th instant), information was given to the police that a man named Joseph Gordon had been drowned in a waterhold at Brook field, East Maryborough. At tiie inquiry which was held at the Police Conrt on Monday «aerooon last, before the P.M., the following particulars were elicted. Kt appears that Gordon was being driven home by his employer, Mr. W. HaDiday, on Sunday morn ing, and that deceased was in a partial state of intoxication. On arriving at the entrance to Mr. HaUiday's ground, deceased alighted to open the gate, having at the timea bottie footing and fell on bb face, rananhing the bottie and wounding H«wrff Halliday asked deceased to get np, but he refused, wgwijy .«mim- ?i»i'«Ihj^»»iiI: remarks. Halliday tiien drove on to the house leaving deceased to follow. Subsequentiy Mr. L. Hughes arrived at the place where deceased hadfauen, and found Gordon lying on the ground, face down. Mr. Hughes exhorted the man to get no, to which be replied 'Let me be.' Mr. Hughes then proceeded to HaUiday's house and sent two boys to remove the man to a. ehady place, which was done. About an hour afterwards Gordon was seep by III. Hughes to be in an alarming condition, and OiB assistance of Mr. Geo. Walker of Brookneld, was called into requisition, when Gordon was removed in HaUiday's spring cart to his quarters. Deceased, at this juncture, appeared to have recovered his sensibility, and took some refreshment, Iu rrmw^nufiHy of a remark made, deceased went to a lagoon in front of HaUiday's house to bathe himself, and shortly afterwards returned to the house. Mr. Hngnra. who was on the point of leaving for Maryborough, remarked that he had not washed his beard, which was dotted with blood, and deceased immediately took off his shirtandsaid, 'indoeonow.' This was the last that was seen of Gordon until Mr. Haffiday's grandson, alarmed atdeceMoi'slong absence, went to look for him a* tbe lagoon, where some of deceased's dothes were seen lying on the bank. The boy got a pole aad afters short time saw the body, rise to the smnoe, «*ioh he brongk* at once ontott. 5rjland.««asamgmt T&hanMi; ,??.« distaly role into town and gave isfurwatmn totko police. The body of deceased was bn»agbt nto town oh Sunday afternoon. QUARTZ CRUSHING AT COPPERFIELD Another parcel of stone from the Mary Agnes p,c., E. Knust and party, went through the mill, at Copperfield, last week. sad wefPJK TOorasOlre dad to state that the reef is amnrovnut, as shown by tbe ijetiil iih, Stoavi yWdmgWoffl. of smelted gold, or lor. 10 wts.tothe ton. As then is a considerable extent of the tote yet to be worked, there m every prohaiaHy that ? good number of payable crushing, will be forthcoming, with* ?kdiboaaof some good patches of spedmew occasionally. No. 1 West has been taken np by BuT die Greek and party. The Star «* Hope United has finned crashing SOO tons, the yield from which is 7 dwts. totheten. This paid good wages, and left ? small faabwe which is eonsidsred satisfactory. The reef a 4 feet wide, and stones can be raised «t a, cheap rate. The partners are now negotiating for a contact to laise 500 tons of atone, to be purchased right ont by the machine pro- .- -er ton. The Doctor's Beef, MiiMonaWs lat, is taming oat well, 6 tons, raised by one man, having yielded 2|om. to the ton. This reef has, however, yielded as mneh as 3 oca. to the ton ; and the stone being patchy, it is the intention of the proprietor to fceep sinking, in the hope of reaching somethinr more netmameut. Two men are now at work on the reef. Homicide Thbocgk Dedhc— The DiMo Despatch reports that on Friday, the 5tti in stant, a aenons affray occurred on the Cohar Boad. at a place called die Pigeon Holes, be tween Nyngan and Cobar. It appears that a man named Collins, a carrier, and tw» other* named Newaome and Hatton, were drinkiag at HaUs publnvhouse. They had some words and a fight ensued between Hatton and Collins. The latter got tbe best of it, and as soon as the combat was over Collins got Us team together and started on his journey. He believed there was an end to the quarrel ; and, as we anderstana, he separated from the often on good terms. After he had traveUel abmtamue, be was was followed by New some and Hatton. On approaching Collins. Jvewsome, who, it was aa% was incited by Hatton, rushed at Collins with a tomahawk, and the latter, finding himself bard pressed and his life in danger, took np a gun and fired* The shot struck Newsome in the right knee, aad as soon as be fell Hatton belted. Collins, who no sooner fired than he was sorry for las action, n^*^ ''iiy *wi*fl*iB*J*..'pt *^*. 'Miif^'f man. Information was sent to the Canonbar police, and tKnior-coostahleBrowE went out. Be started in iniry'i^Tf W***Jml aadsueeesded in arereheBdmg him. In tbe raeamrhae aTewsome was brought into ^'™V and Dr* Tibhfe telegraphed for to Dabbo. Tbe wound wasinadraadfnletate— in fact, so bad that dressed it at once, «nd theinan, who wul he sent to Dubbo by coach, is progreniiig favour ably. A Sfectku Flccsb— A stzaage story reacbestheiiend^o /itdtpaidexl from the Sheep wash. A few evenings since four woodeattem were returning from Sandhurst to tiieir hfteaBi attfceSheepwash. The night was dear, the moon being high in the heavens. Wbentbe/ reached the Junction Hotd they turned off on abushtzack. and travelled along f or a ahort Aiatmw,*r Suddenly they saw apnroachiaft; them the figure of a headless female draped aa white, aad giidiae; along apparentiy wiUaiat any exertion. They gazed with fmrinslrf horror on the spectacle, none of them abb to speak. A curiosity about this Btzange sftar is that the oil say that directly it psaasl one wagmn it became invisible to these sit ting in the other cart. Thas it appeared to each woodcarter, one after the otter. Although dressed in white, there appeared to beayeUowishhs^sorronndingthengure, For four nights in succession the ghost (or what ever it wasj n seen, and the wosd-cartam became at last so afraid that when they are now going home with the empty drays they aU ride together. Had the story been related to us by one person only, few people would place any credence in it, but nrheo half a-dosen -T*«^'»y relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have, however, arranged to ''pot' the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish in dividual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. A Hohelt ScBsimra toe CoD-LmsEOn_ —Dr. Thomas Addis Emmet (' Principles and Practice of Gynaecology') recommends as a good substitute for cod-liver oil the fat of pork. For its proper preparation he gives directions as follows. A thick portion of a rib piece, free from lean, is selected and allowed to soak in water for thirty-six hours before being boded, the water being frequently changed, to get rid of the salt. It should beluued slowly and thoroughly cooked, and, wfcfle **~^ boiling, tbe water must be changed several times by pouring it off, and fresh water, nearly boiling, substituted. It is to be eaten cold, in the form of a sandwich, made from stale bread, and both should be cut as thin as possible. It ib rery nutritious, but it should only be given in small quantities until a frtrr for it has been required. It is tiie most con centrated form in which food on be taken in the same bulk, and Dr. Emmet has freqnenthr seen it retained when the stomach Was so irritable that other substances would be re jected. For this condition of tbe stomach it may be rubbed op thoroughly in a porodam mortar, and then given in minute qaantitietat a time. It a made more palstabie bv the addition of a litUe table-salt,' and this wHl he wen tolerated, whfle the salt used Cor nan ing the meat, having become rancid, if not snaked out, will produce disturbance, even in a healthy stomact For obvious reasons it * best not to inform the pctientof thenatareof HmMSBT BonnC — A ??*? imm^^A*^ writing to the WaUnOmmfim fttnfcS Betray SB, reports:-' Plenty of rain h- idles fae^aadaawenmmUv (bbhI water atefientiful. TJie town ia faprernig apace. Jfc^jTKtfWJfarf. .nThobTiTtast awe to eoaunenee bosiDess there next tnonfli. It is a line sad comoudion building, and *ffl be tbebest out west. We had a match yesterday for a half-mile spin between Mr. E. Farkera hr. g. Nbco, and Mr. J. A. Hender son'a Sauerkraut for £30. Noco, ran outside the coarse, and Sauerkraut won. They ran ?Hotter sue for £!0 aaide, and Noco won only. Mr. Scanlan, of Springfield, starts a mob of 400 fab f or Adelaide next week. Every one is well pleased with the success of tfae Stralhleven experiment.'' CiPTCEE OF JoHKXV CAMPBELL. — 'An eje-witMM ' writes to the TtUgmph:— ?'Thinking your readers wonld, perhaps, frel an interest in eooie particulars in connection with the arrest of Campbell, the bUckfeUow. I offer to your notice a note or two of events, m of which I was an eye-witness, although not «\ on the spot of, the exact arrest While the passengers for -the Cnlgoa were yesterday waiting on Die wharf at Tewantin for the shin'slioat to convey them to Colroy, Bin. Soodchap (from ber residence across the bay which is formed by the entrance to DoaaeDa lake) commenced cooeying, and a boat being pnt off Hue young man retained with the news that Campbell, the Uacfc&How; was over there. In a very short time four resolnte feUowe started in a boat with such firearms as they could lay their hands on imprompta. Meanwhile the shouting of the alarnnafaaales and the jabber of the UackteDowa oonthmed without intermission, and there soon aroae bwd hnrtaha which laid of some good tidings. After this then was a good deal of ecamj*ring about sitter and (titter, then anotter hurrah, heartier and mete earnest, and soon was seen ?mi riling up from the scrub a motley croon. Thau a boat pat off from Mr. Coodehap'a residence which, -m approaching the wharf, disclosed the formidable acoaaeSel frustrate in Hie boot, well secured by corf.. Johnny Griffin aod anotfaer HackfeUowabouldered him and note him away to the lockup. Johnny Griffin and the other Maekfeuow above Eefsmd to won, the captons of She mscrssnt. The constable who is stationed at Tewaatin left for Gympie about two hoars before the attest. Hie Macks said on the spot that Johnny had been there some time. I could notaay whether long or short, bnttheydid not let Campbell know that he was known to them. The presumption is that the Hacks were wazticg till Campbell was off bis guard. His gun was found in a boDow tree. Aewe left the wharfs, a boatload of MackfeUows csane on and shouted out, ' Blackfellow catch him rumen a tone as to indicate that they recognised no aid had been rendered on this occasion by their white brethren.' The Governor's Depietcee.— Ot Gover nor and Miss Kennedy hare started on -te first stage ol their journey homeward, and we (Owner) 30th) tract are now enjoying a fine weather passage ia the Derwent. It was intended to catch the K.M.S Normanby in the Bay, and although there was so tidings of this vessel being sighted at Uoreton Island, the Kate, according to arrangement, was ready for He conveyance of Bis Excellency and party at 10-30 yesterday morning An escort of mounted police accompanied the nee-regal party to the Queen's wharf, where a goaSTof hanorajof the first Queenalandere received his ExeeUeBcy. There was a good taking leave of Sir Arthur and Miss Kennedy. and the Ministers for lands and Works and a Excellency down the river. AstheKateleft the wharf the Governor acknowledged the farewell cheers of those assembled by waving bin adieux with his bat, and the saluting battery in the Queen's Park bellowed a part ing salute. The ships at the wharves and the various pUces of business along the river dinned their flues as the Kate passed. On ZBtekrag Lyttoa it was seen that the Hormaaby had not arrived in (be Bay, and it was decided that his Excellency ehonld pro osed in the Dei-went, and, pending the arrival ofthe latter vessel, the Kate was made fast alongside the wharf at Lytton. When the Derwent came alongside the transhipment was very speedily effected, and the Governor, as tiie vessel steamed off, was greeted with cheers from those on board the Kate. The Kate then steamed down to the Victoria, which was aground in Francis Channel, and took off her nails and each of the Sers as desosd to get quickly to town, the operation (he Governor Blaekall nrnto lighten the Victoria, but was abo fortunate enough to get aground, and when the Kate left both vessels were fix tana in the Francis Channel till next tide. On the return of the Ministers to town they I. hastened to the Government Bouse to be ^ present at the swearing-in of the President of the Council as Acting- Governor. This was accomplished in the presence of his Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Harding, the three members ofthe Ministry in town, and about * thirty of the general public His ExeeUeney then received the congratulations of those pmseul. This occasion very emphatically affirms the judiciousness of the appointment of the anccessor to Sir Maurice O'Conneu, and we heartily congratulate the colony npon the rice-regal digaity devolving upon ao suitable arepre.entat.ve for the office. The Brisbane Letter of last week in the S. It. HmU, referring to Sir Arthur Kennedy's intended visit to the old country, says :— 'The unin formed public are in a state of wonderment over the matter. The regulation explanation, 'cogent private business, ' aay mean any thing, and accordingly some people would make it swan everything. I am not aware that then is any ream for secrecy respecting (be earns of ha Excellency's temporary ?Wowmwt of the cuaay. In mneetion w/aUi two other nmblemen mnce deceased, Bir Arthur was made execator of an important estate in England, the affairs of which have reached a etace which *t fcagtfc (after many attempts onUs part to .stave off so long a voyage), leaves ram ao option bat to give the 