"THE HAPPY LAND." The second performance of "The Happy Land" filled every part of the Academy of» Musio on Monday night, and from first toi last, it was received with uproarious cheers and laughter. Mr Deering made an excel lent point upon being asked by one of the fairies who he was, and replymg, " Before 1 was prohibited, I was a Minister." The "Continuous Break-down," which was danced to an imitation locomotive engine accompaniment, convulsed the audience. The opening scene in the second act, where, through the beneficent rule of a celestial Berry Government, the stone lions at the entrance of the Parliament- house are " starving," and the effects of successive " plebiscita" are seen in there being No Governor, No Judges, No Police, No Gas, No Water, No Public-houses, and No Anything, was applauded to the echo. The ghost of the sixpence carried in the hand of an Avenging Nemesis in the per son of Africanus, which arises like "A very Daniel come to judgment," brings the satire to a ridiculously funny " finale. " It was confidently asserted ia the corridor of the Academy last night, that Mr Berry has some pecuniary interest in the suc cess of the " Happy Land," hence the ex traordinary steps taken, which he ex pected would be resented by an English community. We hasten, however, to co;.n_ tradict this rumour as \mtrue, as well a,e further one that Mr Berry's deterini'-rfon to embody the sixth clause in his oast Re- form Bill 13 owing to the fact that it is the sixth clause in the " Theatre Statute" that confers upon the Chief Secretary such arbi trary and unlimited power. Detective O'Cal- laghan was waiting at the theatre all M ouday evening toserve anotice upon Mr O'Meara, the lessee, but that gentleman being, by a lucky coincidence, called away upon ur- Igent private business, the note: — the exact nature of which. "was not known — was not served. If the outcome of Mr. Berry's action should result in the with drawal of the licence, the house will not necessarily be' closed, nor will the nerfor- mance be stopped. — " Telegraph." 