A CAT GALL.-A correspondent of jVhiMi tell« the following story of felino intelh' genoe :-Many years ago we lived in Cam bridge, at tho back of Etnmanuol Collegt The premisos were partly out off from th road by a high wall ; tho body of the houe stood back somo little distance. A big trellis, dividing off the garden, ran from th en tranco door, to tho wall, ia which, we another door or gate. A portion of tl house, a gable, faced the trellis. Theso par ticlulora are necessary, as you will see. W were, after somo time of residence, extremel troubled by " run-away-bell-rings," gene rally moat prevalent ut night, and in rainy bad or cold weather, whioh was a grec annoyance to the serrant girls, who had t cross the space between the house and th wall to open tho outer door in the latter, an woro thus exposed to wet and cold. Th annoyanoo became so great that at length cousin and myself, armed with wioked as saplings, watched behind the trees, bent o administering a sound thrashing to th enemy, whoever ho was, that disturbed ou domestic peace. Miralie dietu ! The ring continued, hut no ona pulled the bell handle Being a very old house, they wero now, c course, sot down to ghosts 1 But not beliov ing in thoae gentry, I was puzzled. Chance however, revealed tho originator of the ecarc Being ill, I was.connued to tho wing facin; tho trellis, and one miserable, blowing, we day, gazing disconsolately out of the windon I I espied my favourite cat-a aingulaxl intelligent animal, much patted-comm I along tho path, wet, draggle-tailed, an miserable. Bussy marohed up to tho house ! door, sniffod at it, pushed it, mowed but finding it firmly shut, olambcre up to tho top of the trellis, som j el.ht or ten feet Irom the giound, reached paw over tbe edge, Boratobed till she fuan the bell-wire which ran along the upper rai from the wall to the bouse, caught huid of it gave it a hearty pall, then jumped down an I waited demurely at the door. Oat carno tb maid, in mt-h ed puss. The former, alte gazing vaguely up and down the street returned, muttering " blessings," no doubt, ol the ghost, lo be confronted by me in the hall *' Well, Lydia, I have at last found out wbi ringa the bell." " Lard, master, ye harvenl eurelj/"-abe was broad ." Zirmerzetshoor.' " I have ; come and seo. Look oat of th breakfast room window, but don't show your self." Meanwhile I went into the drawing room, where Mr«. Posa waa bosy drying her self before the fite. Catching her up, '. popped ber outside of the door and rai round to my poet'of observation. Fuss trie' the door and mewed, thinking probably, tomi one must be near, and after waiting two 01 three minutes in vain, again sprang up thi trellis and renewed her attaok on the bell wire, of ooaree to be immediately admittei by tbe delighted maid, who this time did no croea the yard, nor ever again, I fear some times to the inoonveoienoe of visitors, i pass was waiting 1er admioiion. Now '. think that no one ever taught that oat how ti ring the bull by pulling tho wire. To raj mind abe mast have gone through the follow ing prooeia of reasoning : 1. She DOtloet that whenever tho bell rang the door opened 2\. In clambering np the trellis to the bonne top elie aocidenlly moved the wire and oauaed tho bell to ring. Thia piobably ocourrec several times belora she noticed it, but baviu( oboe done BO she repeated it, purposely whenever che wanted éntranos ; I have otter. ma<te ber do it for tho amusi'tnent ol friend) by turning ber ont frc m her snug nest by tbt nie on ool'l or wet days. A VOMANIO eruption in tho Bouth-weBten part of Icaland, of which intelligence lia; ouly lutely como to hand, proves to have beor closely contemporaneous with terrestrial dis turbances in Southern Europa, inoluding thc recent outbreak of Mount Etna. THE USE OF PAIN.-Tho power whioh rule! tho universo, this groat, tender power, use! pain as a signal of danger. Just, generous, beautiful natnro nevor strikes a foul blow; never attacks us behind our backs; nevei digs pitfalls or lays ambuscades ; never weare a smile upon her face when there is ven geance in hor heart. Patiently she teaches us her laws, plainly she writes her warning, tenderly alto graduates their foroo. Long before tho Boroo, red danger light of pain is flashed, sho pleads with us-as though for hor own Bake, not oura-to be merciful to ourselves ond to each other. She makes tho ovenvorkod brain to wander from the subject of ita labours. She tums tho over indulged body against tho delights of yester day. Theso aro her caution signals, "Go alow." Sho stands in tho filthy oourts and . alloys that wo pass doily, and beckons us to enter and rcaliso with our senses what we allow to exist in the midst of tho culture of which wo brag. And what do we do for oursolvos P Wo ply whip and spur on the jaded brain ns though it woro a jibing horse forco it back into tho road which loads to madness, and go on full gallop. We drug tho rebellious body with stimulants, we hide tho original and think wo bavo escaped the danger, and aro' very festive before ? night. Wo tura aside, os tho Pharisee did of old, and pass on tho othor sido with our hand kerchief to our noso. At last, having broken Nature's laws, and disregarded hor warn ings, forth she comes-drums beating, colours flying-right in front ! to punish us. Then wo go down on our knoes and whimper about it having ploased God Almighty to send this alfliotion upon us, and wo pray him to work a miraclo in order to reverso tho natural con sequences of our disobedience, or savo us from the troublo of doing our duty. In other words, wo put our fingers in the fire and bog that it may not hurt.-Temple Sar. ANECDOTE OF OHOIIOB I.-Wnilo George I. of England, waa travelling in Holland, ho came lo a town wherein lived infinential people who had, as he thought, maligned him, and ho swore, with a big oath, that hs would not tarry there even for a meal. The day on whioh lie arrived at the town in question was exceedingly fair, and while bia ?ervanlB were engaged ia exchanging horans, and making new arrangement of baggage, the king went in person to the door of the prinoipa) inn and asked for three fresh egga and a measuro of new milk. The article« were brought, and disposed of, and when his majesty asked what waa to pay, be was told-"twohundred florins." "Twohundred florins 1" oiled the king, aghast. 11 Blood an' 'onn'a 1 are eggs io mighty soarao in this place t" " Not at ali," replied Boniface, with entire ooneiiy, '* but lana» «rt I" TUB remarkable phenomenon known as St. Elmo's fire has again boen observed in Switzerland, this timo by a party of moun taineers on the Gross Glöckner mountain. While engaged in the ascent they were over taken by a tremendous thunderstorm. To observers at a distance the electric fluid j appeared to bo striking in and about the i eui ire company, and to the members of the ' carty themselves all nature seemed suddenly j aflame. .' Gentlemen, we ;>hall all bo struck dead," said their guide ; " but what does it matt-r:- The lightning might have killed us if wo had been in our beds." The intense glare completely blinded them all for the Time being ; and when their sight returned, each was seen by his companion* to bo en veloped in a stream of electric fire. Sparks flew from beads, boards, coats, and hats, and even from their alpenstocks into tho enow. Kotwithstandiiig their imminent peril, however, all escaped. The danger to which they were exposed may bo appreciated when we state that hundreds of goats have been killed in the Alps this year by lightning. PETXU BAIN, of Bourgeval, France, gained tho consent of his sweetheart to marry, and started for homo, singing joyously as he went. The girl listened to his voice as he crossed a field, and noticed that it stopped suddenly in the middle of tho song. This odd breaking off excited her wonder. She went to learn the cause, and found her lover murdered. A rival had overheard him, followed him, and struck lum down from behind. AT lonat one vine-grower in the Island of If adena bas succeeded in checking the devastations of the phylloxéra insect in his vineyards. He nnooVers the lower stem and roots of each plant as far as he safely may, burna the luone bark on which the insects neually gather, or treats it with boiling water, and finally coats both stem and roots with a preparation of retin and turpentine in the proportions of turee ana a half OUDOOB of tho fui mer to a quart of tho latter. This mixture ia adherent nnd cohesive. It destroys tho insects touched by it, and finally restores Ihn plant to health. A SuaraisiNu ESCAPE.-A remarkable freak of lightning ia reoorded in a French nowepfper. A farm labourer, running lor ?helter, waa auddeniy thrown to tho ground, the fork he oarried on his shoulder being wrenohed from bis grasp and oarried through the air to a distance of fifty or eixty yards. Tbe prongs were bent aud twisted with well-ni^h mathematical soouraoy, into the shape of corkscrews, the steel hoing bnrnt, and formed, on its exterior surface, into small lamina) which emitted a slightly sulphurous odour. The labourer escaped I without injury. THE officers of a Danish war veBsel whiob has been cruising about the coaat of Iceland during the fishing season report meeting great niaBses of driftwood in the' sea to tbe north of the island, and ' say that the' farther north they went the more there was of it. . ' Tirar COUIDN'T GOT EVKN.-I,was looking ovor the stories that were sent in lust week for the prize, and I wonder that tho editor did not meert this ono, which is really too good to be lost: " There is' a ourious duel now pending in Boston, which began Several years ago. Mr. A., a baobelor, challenged replied that the conditions were not equal ; that ho must nooessarily put more at risk with his lifo than the other, and he declined. A year afterwards he received a challenge from Mr. A., who stated tbat he, too, hail now a wife and child,' and ho supposed, therefore;- the objection of Mr. B. was no longer valid. Mr. B. replied that he now had two children, consequently the inequality still existed'. The next year Mr. A. renewed his challenge, having now two children also ; but his adversary hud thrco. Tbe matter, when last heard from, was still going ou, tho numbers being six to seven, and tho.challonge yearly renewed."-London Truth. FKOII the Monthly (tùrinerly the Quarterly) Journal'of ¿'cieñe*, wo learn that Dr. A. W; \- Byte recommends oil of sassafras as a remedy forth- bite of the copperhead snake. He saya it is not only an tflVotual antidote in euch caaee, bat a destructive agent as applied to impôts. 1A FRENCH moteorologiat, Mona. E Kenon, piediotn * .aeries of bad seasons lu Europa fiem tue present time until the summer of 1-83 inolusive. He expeots the winter of 1881-1882 to bs an exceedingly severe one. IN several states of Europe tho census has recently afforded evidence ot the superior longevity of women. Of centenarians the proportion ia two hundred aud forty-one women to one hundred and forty-one man in Italy ; two hundred and twenty-nine women to one hundred and eighty-three menin Aus tria ; and five hundred and twenty-six women to five hundred and ^twenty-four ' men in Hungary. MunBEnxns RsrAYrso STOIJÏN MONET.-? One of the Btraime features in the double murder in the Faubourg St. Honoié, that bas for some time been the talk of Paris, ia the f«ot that the murderer thought fit to write to the widdw of his master and viotim to inform her that it was only for the Biko of robbery that ho committed his oriole, " I have taken about eighty pounds," he says, in annotation, "with whioh money I muan to make my fortune ; and I pledge mysell te rot urn it to you some day." Extraordinary aa the scruple may look, this is not tho first time that a murderer, without apparently fealinu mnoh remorse for tho deed in itself, haB given signs of being quite awake to the peouniary liability whioh it entails. Thus the Marquis do Salverte, whose father waB murdered at San Domingo about a quarter ci a oentury ago, received by poet, after thc lapse ol a few years, a sum of eight thousand pounds, with notice that it was a restitution bf the amount robbed, from the murderer himself, who bad made his fortune, but deolined to give hiB name and address. In another osee, a Parisian senator was for years in receipt of a mouthly installment of oignt pounds from IiOndou, the sender of which was unknown, with notice that the amount would be forth coming to complete the- payment of a sum of twenty- four thousand francs robbed (rom ono of hiB nnoles after murder.-London World. AN inspection of pork has been established by law io the oity of Berlin on aoouunt of tao prevalence of triehinissis. Tho offloial I im-peotora uro required to employ the I microscope in their examination. Butohers are forbidden to cat up or sell soy pork until furnished with » o-ntideate that it is free from triobit to. lu evidenoo of this, the I iurpuotors are also rf quired to stamp the slaughtered animal itself. AT the battle of Souef tho Priucn of ' Condo sent word to Marshal de Nevuillos to bo ready to engage the enemy. The messenger found him hearing* Maas, at whioh the Prinoo, being enraged, muttered something in abuse of over pious persons. But tho Mai quia, having evinced the greatest heroism during the engagement, said aftejr it to thol'rincoi" Tour highness I fancy, uow eebs that' those who pray to God behave as woll in battle as their, neighbours." j MALAY Cunny.-Out a ohiokan into joints, aud put it into a stowpitu with 2o;s. of blanohcd almonds, browned in a frying pan, and pounded to a cream with an onion and the peel of half a lomon ; mix a largo spoon ful of tumorio and half a teaspoonful of cayenne peper in a.breakfast cupful of water. Put the whole into a stewpan, put ourry powder in acoording to tasto, and lot it sim mer about twenty minutes ; add a teaspoon ful of cream, let it boil up once, and boforo dishing squoezo in tho juioo of a lemon. EnENcn CAEES.-Take l}lb. of flour, 1 Brnilil toiicupful of yooat, half a pint of milk waaxued, llb. of butter, and four eggs. Make a bolo in the flour, and pour into it tho milk, eggs, and yoast ; mix them all well together ; bent the dough, adding the butter by degrees. Let it stand for one hour to rise, them tako half a pound of sifted sugar, and mix it well in with the dough, butter tho cups or pans, put in tho dough, and ornamont tho top with candied orange or lemon pool. married man, with ono child, who 