THE DRY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS. No. XI.—BOOTS AND SHOES. BY MB. PHZLADELPOTS PBNX, M.D.D.C. [By Mr. PSILADHLPHCB PENS.] Last Monday evening I was otherwise engaged, or I should certainly have been present at the lecture which was given by Mr. Grainger on Protection. I wondered wl ether the Professor would condescend to sanction the proceedings with his presence, and what he would say if he were there. The next morning I eagerly turned over the pages of the Register to find the account of the speeches, and was gratified to note that our reporter had honoured the lecturer with more than a column. I read the report with bated breath, and as I went to the office I kept musing on the question which bad been propounded, and wondering at the motives which actuate the promoters cf such mediaeval reaction. On the way I met Professor Dry-as-Dust. He looked radiant I wondered what was the matter. He told me that he had been at the meeting the previous evening, that be had seen tbe " star" twinkle, and that the central orb was surrounded by a whole constellation, which twinkled responsively, that be had taken observations of the phenomenon, and had located the sadden outburst partly in the miin Ftream of the milky way, and psrtly in the watery stream that flows from the pitcher of old Aquarius, that at the meeting of the Club to be held the next evening he hoped to have tbe matter discussed, and that he wished me to have my pencil ready and my eare open. I asked him what was to be the theme, and who was to be the essayist, and in reply he told me that Mr. Balmoral was to be the spokesman, and that his subject was to be " Boots and Shoes." I have not introduced Mr. Balmoral to my readers yet, and all I need say is that he is a young nan, very diligent in business and very retiring, but with a remarkable Bense of conscience. He is a curious compound of erudition and business. He was bom among boots in a neighbouring colony. With the money got from the boot trade he was sent home, where he even graduated. He came back to Australia. He might have earned his living as the writer does, but he preferred boots. As be himself says, parodying Shakespeare, he preferred to whet the knife wherewith he would fiebt the world, "Not on his soul, bat on his sole." He found boots too cheap in Victoria, and lured by the infancy of the trade in South Australia and by protective duties he came to Adelaide. He did well, made money very quickly, when having a legacy left him he finally abjnred boots, save as an article of personal utility or adornment, and betook himself to an unambitious business as an estate agent, which gave him plenty of leisure for readirg. " Gentlemen", said he, when tbe club had assembled in tbe evening, " I have been requested to introduce to yoa the subject of this evening consequent on my meeting our President at a recent lecture on Protection which was given in tbe Adelaide Town Hall Exchange Booms. He knew that I was deeply interested in the subject. He knew —and I am not ashamed of the fact—that my father was a bootmaker and made bis money by Protection, that I owe my social position to boots and Protection, that boots and Protection surrounded me with every luxury when a child, that boots and Pro tection paid for my University education, that if boots bad not been protected in a neighbouring colony I should never have had tbe gates of learning opened to me: and, further, that boots and Protection enabled me to augment my capital in a few years, and that in fact I am a living monument of the beneficial effects of Protection, and of tbe thence accruing profits of the boot trade. He knew all this, and therefore he honoured ma with his confidence; and* asked me to bring " boots" before you to-night as a text for our <-"*"T>omica) discussion." xlc Hereupon paused and undid two parcels, one containing a pair of thick hobnailed bluchers, such as Hodge might covet at ploughing time, and the other—a cardboard box—containing a delicate pair of high-heeled bottines from Paris, such as would delight the heart of any young lady in King William-street. Gentlemen, to give vividnese to my remarks, I place before you two specimens of the craft to which I owe my competence, the one manufactured here, the other imported, and which has already contributed its share to the revenue. Now let me state the problem : I might make and sell tbe rough pair for profit without much Protection, but I could not even with all onr Customs duties compete with the Parisian workman. This was an anomly, and I saw bat one remedy. The boot trade must be further protected to enable me to make profit on tbe more costly article as well as on the medium ones. I began to ponder over the question. I put down the number of classes into which it seemed to me those affected by any increased " dose" of Protection could be divided. I arranged them under five heads. 1. The capitalists who invest in bootmakiDg. 2. The labourers who make the boots. 3. The people who must buy and wear the boats. 4. The capitalist who invest in other trades that are not protected. 5. The labourers who are engaged in other industries, whether protected n- not, ~ elicit: is no doubt, gentlemen, that tbe capitalist is benefited, for I am a living illustration of the fact. He gets a present of a sort of monopoly, which puts money into his pocket, which is exceedingly pleasant. He is like a Bundle-street draper, who could succeed in getting Parliament and the-police to enact and enforce a law that every one who wanted to buy silks or hose, or blackets, must pa$ 25 per cent, more if he was BO foolish as to go lo Hindley-street to make his purchases. No doubt such a I-iw, if passed six months ago, might have saved this city from the edifying spectacle of three or fonr bankrupt establishments shut up in the course of a few weeks. I do not wonder then that persons em' barked in trade should cry out for Government aid. The great principle of selfishness comes into play, and if a man can enlist tbe law of tbe country oa his side he feels his conscience auieted. xiie capitalist, then, is benefited; but I doubt not that our President would remind us that thie benefit is only temporary, and that ere while competition among -capitalists will bring down profits, and evoke a piteous cry for higher dunes es tbe only remedy agaiiiet, ruiuoiis loss. I admit tbe fact. I saw the tnare tba. Pioteotiou spreads before even the producer and I retired ii> time. I was selfish, gentlemen. rnv vc-ry conscientiousness. '.' . u> mm IO tne consumer. The ploughman who bas bought from me a pair of rough boots is not, I presume, a man of means, but he has paid to rue one shilling or more beyond what be conld have boneht bis boots.for, if Government had cot interfered. I have got the shilling and put it in my pocket. He has paid it away end got nothing for it. I am enriched; he is impoverished. This is very nice for me, but it struck me even wben the shillings came rolling in that it was not exactly fair for him. I tried bard to put it in such a light as to satisfy me that be was getting a benefit because I was, Vi" 4- T H nr> »s dishonest special pleading. uu iiuvi uuce it lure with tbe workman. Whs be benefited by tbe extra shilling that I put into my pocket. I thought of the number of men that I employed, and how as tbe result of my enterprise a score or more of homes were kept going, how terrible would be the disaster to all those families if I were to be compelled to shut up my establishment; and how content thty were with their wages, and bow they blessed Government for fostering tbeir own handicraft. It seemed to me that my workmen must share with me in my benefit, but certain curious facts would obtrude themselves. Tbe workmen iD Victoria were paid lower wages than I paid mine, yet Victoria revels in Protection. How was that. ? Then, again, if tbe Government protected me wsch my capita], it did not protect tlie workman wiih his capital, to wit-, his labouring skill. My men could not import boots from England for their families because it would injure me, but I could import workmen from Victoria whether it injured my men or not. The master is free to cbtain his workmen where he finds labour cheapest, and when xay men once went oa strike I took the next steamer and went to Melbourne and brought back with me enough bands to carry on my manufactory. It was a keen stroke of business, but it was quite against all my then accepted ideas about Protection. It benefited my purse, but it injured my conscience. In fact, I could "not see wherein the working man was enriched at all by what was so beneficial to me. It seemed to me that the Government was pulling the cabbages out of his garden and selling them to give me the opportunity to plant roses in my garden. RSS^SfflBt^SPSSB^S^^^ite I have spoken of the way in which a protected pair cf boots may be looked at by the capitalist, the workman and the consumer, there remains yet tbe general question as to ho* this bootprotecting policy affects other industries, both those which likewise enjoy Protection and those narrowed down at present to that part of the great which would like it but cannot get it; and -further how this policy operates in the entire community. As, however, as I am snxions that tbe discussion should be qutetion whicL 1 have indicated, I will postpone or delegate to abler hands the wider aspects of Protection. I will act on the old caaxim, "Let tbe bootmaker stick to his last," and leave other tredes an<^ Parliamentary politics to our President and the rest of yoa." Mr. Balmoral has a qaiet, 'pleasing, straightforward way of putting forth his ideas, and we all enjoyed listening to him. He told ue a good nfal more about bi;nsc-]f and his conscience, and his worknlen and their consciences, and the trade and how business men cry to kill conscicnce, and how his present competency wassomething like King Henry's crown," a polished perturbation and a golden care," and sat like tbe ghost on King Richard III., somewhat heavy on his soul." Mr. Bullionand Mr. Diamond smiled at these unworldly confessions. Mr. Strike applauded tbem, and said that much of tbe false economics of the working classes was ennobled by a most sincere desire to do what was patriotic and true. Mr. Counter propounded the idea that probably both Protectionists and Freetraders were wrong, and that in tbe ideal society of the future something would have to be done to counteract tbe ruinous effects of competition; bat he did not know what that was. Our President did not say much, but I saw that he enjoyed the discussion amazingly, and as be went home I saw him take out of the library-case a copy of Carlyle's Sartor Res&rtus;, wherewith to regale himself after supper. 