COUNTRY NEWS. COUNTRY LETTERS. [Correspondents are particularly requested to send their letters in time to reach ns on Wednesday evening.] PORT ELLIOT, November 24. On Tuesday, the 23rd instant, the children belong ing to the Congregational Sunday-school, Port Elliot, had their annual treat given them at Busby Park, the residence of .the late Mrs. Mayfield, now in the occupation of Mr. T. Ellis, who kindly lent the use of the grounds and barn for the occasion. The day was beautifully fine, which caused a large number of the parents of the children and friends from a distance to be present. The youngsters perfectly enjoyed themselves in playing cricket, swinging, and various games. Refreshments were -served out to them about noon, and fn the afternoon, seated in a circle on the green sward, they partook of -a substantial tea, after which the adults hid theirs. -About ICO altogether sat down. The young people •kept up their amusement till 9 o'clock, when, pretty 'well tired out, they dispersed to their homes. The weather has been splendid daring the psst week. The few wheat crops in the neighbourhood are looking splendid, bay harvest is not yet finished. Bay is likely to be very low in price this season, as there is not much demand for it up the river. WAROOKA, November 23. Since my last there has been some changes in our township. First, Trooper Bowling has been removed to Port Wakefield, and our loss will be their gain. He was an excellent officer, and greatly respected by every one. A few friends met him on the evening Clous to his departure, at Host Broad's; to wish godspeed, and many were the expressions of regret at losing him, although we were pleased to hear that the station he would have charge of wonld secure him more comforts than he could have in the apology for a station that we have here. Host Broad has sold his hotel, and is leaving the d'etrict. Host Ramsey took possession last week, and appears to be the right man in the right place. Mr. R. F. Holdsworth. who has been managing Mr. E. Jacobs's store here for so many years, is also abont to leave us. He is a gentleman that will be greatly missed, as he took a most active part in everything that was for thg benefit of the township or district. I do not hear many complaints of red rost in this district, and the wheat is filling ont very welL 8omo of the crops in Mlnl&cowis;, I hear; are still affected with rust. The Road Board is having a very neces sary work done in fencing the approach tj Point Turton Jetty. If tbe authorities would have the landing-place made larger, and a small side cutting for the use of empty wagons to go up or down, it' would give great additional room, and they would earn, and I believe receive, the thanks of the whole 1 district. GLADSTONE, November 23. The valuable breeding and other stock of the late Mr. A. B. Murray wasoffered for sale to-day in Blake's yards, by Mr. Terry. Some grand mares and foals and young stock were among the number. Consider ing the times a good number were cleared at fair rates, bnt nothing like fancy prices could be obtained. We have bod quite an irruption lately of swagmen, bushmen and navvies enjoying themselves after'the fashion they affect. Petty larcenies, drunkenness, and police offences have been very common, but. the offenders in every case are strangers to the townBhip. Our Justices have no longer to sit in the narrow room in the trooper's galvanized iron quarters. An arrangement has been made with the Institute Com mittee for the use of a room in which caBes are now heard. The haymaking is over. The quality is very good, but the quantity is deficient. Here the same will have to be said about the harvest by acd-by. There is a slight lull in farming operations at present, as onr crops are backward. When the stripper goes to work they will be found to be healthy but thin. Our cricket club has recently lost a veteran in Mr. Jonathan Hoar, who is gone to Yongala. Neverthe less the season has opened well, with one match lost to Laura, and two gained to Port Pirie and George town respectively. We had no representative in the Northern Twenty-two at Gawler and Kapunda, although we should not have feared to send one if atked. The reputation of our club has not suffered in tbe gereral ruin, at all events. I cannot hear of any steps being taken in connec tion with the approaching general election, although some ridiculous canards have been in circulation in which Gladstone has been mentioned. FARRELL'S FLAT, November 30. Red rust has made its appearance in some of the crops in this district, but no fears are entertained of its doing much damage. Several farmers in Hill River are complaining that their crops are badly affected ; the mower comes through quite red. During Saturday night an attempt was made to enter the Post-Office at Farrell's Flat. Four panes of glass were broken, but the would-be thief did not get in ; the iron bars across the windows inside evidently put a stop to his work. BALAKLAVA, December 1. Mr. Walter Moore being about to leave Balaklava to establish a busintss at Yacka, a few of his friends and neighbours formed a committee and arranged to invite that gentleman to a farewell dinner, which took place yesterday evening in the hall of the Balaklava Hotel. About thirty gentlemen sat down to an excellent dinner, which was placed on the table in first-rate style by Mr. Geak. Mr. W. A. Harris presided, and the vice-chair was filled by Mr. Church. The Chairman proposed the health of Mr. W. Moore, wishing him every success in his new career, but regretting that in the order of events he had determined to leave the neighbourhood and those by whom he was so highly esteemed as a friend and a man of business. Messrs. Shepherdson, Brady, Thompson, Wood, and other gentlemen also paid a high tribute to Mr. Moore as a friend and neighbour, who would long be missed from our business and social circles. The toast, coupled with the health of Mrs. Moore and family, having been most en thusiastically received, Mr. Moore responded. In the course of his remarks he gave a few reminiscences of the early days of Balaklava, which spoke well for our future prosperity and progress. In giving and responding to "The Town and Trade of Balaklava," reference was made to the rapid progress it had made in so short a time. Several excellent songs were given by Messrs. MacDonald, Borch, Church, Shepherdson, J. Mills, and Abernethy, and the National Anthem was sung by the company. The annual meeting of the Balaklava and Dalkey Institute was held in the reading-room on Monday, November 29 The balance-sheet and report, which showed that the Institute was making steady progress, both with regard to members and funds, was read and adopted, and the Secretary (Mr. Ball) was compli mented for the efficient manner in which he had presented the financial statement for the past year. The election of officers for the ensuing year then took place, Mr. Charles Heard, J.P., being re-elected President, Messrs. G. Hicks and B. A. Harris Vice Presidents, Messrs. J. Verco, J. P., Robinson, W. Paqualin, W. Blake, and W. T. S. Harris members of Committee, Mr. Shepherdson Treasnrer, Mr. Ball Secretary, and Messrs. Barton and Gesler Auditors. The Institute Building is expected to be ready for occupation in February next, and will not add very much to the appearance of Balaklava, althongh it will supply a want long felt, namely, a suitable hall for public meetings. It is to be hoped that the residents of Balaklava, Dalkey, and the surrounding district will' show their appreciation of the labours of the committee and endorse their action by enrolling their names as members, and thus supporting the Institute, and helping not only to make it a great boon to the neighbourhood but a thorough Buccess in every way. There is now in Balaklava an excellent mill and wheat stores, two large and well-appointed hotels, three excellent stores, two machinists, carpenters, masons, saddler, shoemaker, fruiterer, two butchers, a temperance hotel, three chapels, and Institute, and Post and Telegraph Offices in course of erection, new station buildings, Police Station, through communi cation with Adelaide by railway, and to the Penin sula, and last, not least, a good public school and teacher's residence; in fact, Balaklava has all the indications of an important and rapidly rising town. COROMANDEL VALLEY. November 30. The anniversary services of the Wesleyan Chapel were celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. The Sunday services were conducted by the Circuit minister, Bev. P. C. Thomas. On Monday a tea meeting was held, which was well patronised. At the public meeting Mr. E. Shepley presided, and after bis address called upon the choir, which was very ably led by Miss Bartlett as organist, for some music. The Treasurer's report showed a debt of £73 7s. 7d. on the chapel. The proceeds of the anniversary, li< eluding Sunday collections, tea, &c.;, amounted to £13 4s. Id, reducing the debt to £60 3s. 6d. Four friends promised £12, further reducing the debt to £38 3s. 6d., for which there is to be a special effort made to clear it off during the year. Mr. B. Steven son presented Mr. S. J. Dailey with two very hand somely bound music-books on behalf of the choir for bis past kindness in assisting them to sing. Mr. Stevenson said they were not making the presentatlsn by way of payment, but as a token of their esteem for the very willing way in which Mr. Dailey had come to their assistance when asked. Mr. Dailey, in responding, said he did not feel entitled to such a handsome present. He would not accept it as pay, but he would value it as a token of respect. Addresses were delivered by Mr. J. Bruadbent, the Bev. P. C. Thomas, and Mr. Murray. The customary votes of thanks were recorded. VIRGINIA, December 1. Heaping has commenced in a few places, and next week it will be general. The results in moat instances are very disheartening. Fine crops, which looked like 20 to 23 bushels to the acre, are so affected with rust that the return will not be more than six, and the grain is unmarketable. The best-looking crops are the most affected. The hum of the machine may be heard, but the rattle of the wheat in the machine is very faint. There are some crops not so much affected, the late-sown especially being very pro mising, and the grain is filling out welL There will be some good wheat, but generally the first reaped is the most inferior sample. From appearances the crops should average from 10 to 12 bushels, but the red rust will reduce it to about five and six, and one-third of this will be enfit for market, or, to a certain extent, not suitable for export Taking all these things into consideration, the prospect of the agriculturists is not at all encohraging. A great many now regret that they did not cut some fine wheat paddockB for hay, but at that lime they looked more promising. The committee of the New Year's Day athletic sports have arranged a good price-list, amounting to £46, and the picnic in connection with their sports is likely to be a great success. The committee nave in cluded some ponyracing in their programme, and Mr. Brady has been asked for the use of his paddock for the races. Trade generally is dull, which in a great measure may doubtless be attributed to the prevalence of rust. WANDEARAH WEST, November 30. Harvesting and cleaning are now in full swing, and the result, I air sorry to record, is moat disappointing, not that I have any desire to be termed " a bird of ill omen," but in saying that, the average yield of wheat for Wandearsh this season will not reach over five bushels. One farmer has been fortunate enough to obtain sixteen bushels per acre from one small paddock, which had been fallowed two years, and it was also new ground, and a few more instances are ' recorded where eight and ten bnshels per acre have been reaped off patches, bnteven those are exceptional cases. Paddocks that looked like giving 12 bushels per acre as a general role hare tuned out real failures, for the sample is shrivelled more or less, and in some cases quite unfit for market. However, the whole of the failure cannot be laid to red vast, as in many of the good- looking crtfps deaf-heads have pre ponderated most nnmistskably. This circum stance is attributed to some severe frosts experienced when the wheat was in bloom. Thin and scraggy-looking crops which were sown early tun ont the best grain, thus giving the quality, bat they are miserably deficient in quantity. I did think that the western portion of this hundred bad escaped serious damage, but when the machines got well into the paddocks the problem was solved in a mest disappointing manner, and now 1 think that the frost has damaged more than the rust. The straw on Mr. Halliday's wheat was covered with rust, and, as I have'stated before, he reaped sixteen bushels, and that, too, of very good grain The Wandearah West day-school is not opened yet, but Mr. Collier, the schoolmaster, expects to be able to go into it next week. It is only just finished, the workmen having to leave it in an unfinished state for some weeks, but now that it is thoroughly finished it is to be hoped that those whom it mostly concerns will shortly have the benefit of it. The school- house is a well-finished erection, and a credit to the workmen, its only fault being that It is rather small. WAURALTIE, November 27. Last Tuesday evening we had a visit from the Rev. E. Kelley of Port Wakefield, who gave us a very instructive and delightful lecture on the "Great Pyramid." I need hardly say that our little chapel was full. Mr. Kelly at one time had charge of this Circuit, and therefore we were all glad to see him again. After the meeting had been opened with singing and prayer, Mr. John Leonard was voted to the chair. Several anthems were sung by the choir, who are always willing to give their help. The usual votes of thanks were passed and the entertainment terminated. SADDLEWORTH , November 25. The committee of the Amalgamated Oddfellows' and Foresters' picnic held a social gathering at the Railway Hotel, Saddleworth, on the evening of the 21th instant. Host Humphries prepared a capital spread, and about thirty persons did lull execution to the good things provided. Mr. C. R Goode, J. P., occupied the chair, and Mr. F. Goss the vice-chair. After the cloth was removed, the Chairman gave the usual loyal toasts, and the Vice-Chairman proposed "The Army, Navy, and Volunteers," to which Mr. E. Palmer, J.P., responded. Mr. W. H. Harry gave " The Oddfellows' and Foresters' Lodge." He said he was glad to see so many young men connected with the Lodge, and thought it would have a tendency to make them more honoured and respected. Mr. W. Gurr, the oldest member of Oddfellows in Saddle worth, and Mr. W. Roberts, Chief Ranger of Foresters' Court, duly responded. Mr. J. Fisher proposed " The Committee," who had done their duty well, and by their great energy had made the picnic and entertainment a great success. The Chairman of the committee, Mr. Kerr, said he had been con nected with several committees of a similar kind, but bad never seen a better lot of workers, and a better Secretary than Mr. Robertson could not be found. He thanked the company for the toast. Mr. P. McMabun gave "The Visitors," to which Mr. J. Johnston responded. Mr. Robertson gave "The Press." Mr. W. H. Harry responded on behalf of the Register, and Mr. W. E. Roberts on behalf of the Advertiser and also the Northern Argus. Afterwards "The Chair," " Vice-Chair," and " Host and Hostess" were given, and a most enjoyable evening was brought to a cloos by the company singing "God save the Queen." Several songs were given by Messrs. Gar diner,' Goss, E. Roberts, Eley, and Bimpson. STANSBURY, November 29. The hay season is just about finished. The yield is satisfactory, but there is a good deal of wild oats and cockspurs intermixed with it. Our wheat will not be ready for the machine for several weeks. The grain is filling out well, and although there is red rust in seme paddocks, it has not as yet affected the ripening of the crops. A subscription-, realizing £14, has been collected and handed over to Mrs. Godwin, the widow of the man who died from the effects of a broken leg. MAITLAND. November 29. The annual meeting of the Yorke Valley A. H. and F. Society was held at Pearce's Yorke Valley Hotel on November 24. The President, Mr. T. Bowman, was Chairman, and about twenty members were present. The Hon. Secretary (Mr. J. M. Symons) submitted a statement of the finances, by which it appeared that although very heavy expenses had been incurred this year the Society still had a small balance in hand, which was considered very satisfactory. The election of officers resulted in Mr. W. H. Wilkinson, J.P., being elected President, and Messrs. S. Rogers, F. W. Cottrell, and P. Howard, J.P., being appointed Vice-Presidents. Messrs. W. H. Hussey and J. M. Symons were respectively elected Hon. Treasurer and Secretary; Messrs. J. O. Liddy and J. W. Warn Auditors. The committee appointed were Messrs. 'W. H. Kelly, T. Bowman, J, O. Liddy, McCauley, H. Lamshed, J.P., W. Kelly, Wundersitz, Flintoff, J. Howard, G. Ward, J. Pearce, J. Driscoll, J. Moloney, W. H. Paull, R. O'Grady, T. B. Cobbledick, H. Pitcher, W. H. Brown, J. W. Warn, J. J. Hyde, and T. Hill. Votes of thanks to the retiring President and Vice Presidents closed the meeting. PORT GERMEIN, November 21. A memorial was sent from here some months ago, numerously signed, for the erection of a telegraph line to Port Germein, but up to the present time no word has been received about it. A line can be made from Port Pirie to here in about sixteen miles. Were one to be brought from Wirrabara it would be a distance of over twenty miles. It is to be hoped the inhabitants of Port Germein will not let the matter rest till the desired work has been accomplished, as Port Germein being a rising and important seaport town, it is highly necessary it should be supplied with telegraphic communication. The farmers are all busy reaping; but the crops are turning out a small quantity, and of poor quality. Very little wheat has yet arrived. Mr. G. R. Doudy, being in full possession of Burton's Hotel, is about making several improve ments, namely, putting a balcony round the building and erecting more bedrooms. Several buildings are in course of erection, Mr. Simons is having a neat and substantial stone and brick building of three rooms, with cellar, and several weatherboard houses of various kinds are in course of erection. The jetty is making an appearance. About half the piles on the north-west side are down, and a portion of the far end is about completed. PETERSBURG, November 25. This new township has now assumed a busy look. The work is rapidly going ahead at the passenger station and goods shed, and there are a number of men employed ballasting the existing lines in the station yard and laying down the necessary permanent way for shunting. Mr. Hoar, the new publican, is busy with a staff of men, putting things to rights about the new hotel and unpacking furniture, &c.; During the last few days teams have been arriving with goods and stores for Mr. Arnold, who has purchased the store and busi ness from Mr. Peters. Another store is also finished, and will be open In a few days. There are two black smith shops doing apparently a brisk trade, to judge from the number of Ridleys, &c;, undergoing repalr. There are also several smaller shops and shanties and several eating and boarding houses erected. All the buildings except those belonging to the Government and the hotel are as yet of galvanised iron; but as plenty of good stone is near at hand this will be altered in time. Our postal communication has bean irregular until lately, we having had either to go to Yongala for our letters or to wait till some good-hearted soul brought them to us. We are more fortunate now. During last week a gentleman who comes here from Yongala every day brings our letters and leaves them at Mr. Arnold's store, where we call for them. This is a great boon. We hope Mr. Todd, who was here lately, will consider the wants of our daily increasing com mnnity. There is sure to be a fair quantity of wheat at our station during the season, and we are glad to see that Darling & Son have an agent here already. Some other wheat buyers are coming. Haymaking in our vicinity is well forward as regards the crops. Some will be light, but there is sure to be a fair proportion of heavy ones. Ramsay's, for in stance, three miles from here, promises fifteen to twenty bushels to the acre, and there are a good many others. Some farmers will start reaping in ten days or a fortnight, and, I am happy to say, we have no rust. KEILLI, November 29. The Bible Christian Chapel just finished was opened on Sunday, November 21, when three sermons were preached by Bev. J. Thome, of Gladstone. A large concourse of people assembled in the afternoon, many being unable to obtain standing room inside. On Monday a public tea was held, followed by a public meeting, both being exceedingly well attended. The latter wob presided over by Mr. T. Connan, and addresses were delivered by the Revs. W. Wilson (Koolunga) and J. Tborne. The report read by the Biv. J. Hancock set forth that the chapel bad been erected ata c at of about £290 complete With £160 previously raised, and the proceeds of the opening cervices—about £30—the debt remaining would be £180, which appeared to be satisfactory to all con cerned. Following the public meeting a supper was provided, to which a goodly number attended. Bed rust is visible in many places, and the season which opened so promising will end no doubt in partial dissatisfaction. In one or two instances reap ing has already begun, but next week I exoect'jthe farmers will be generally employed in so doing. Bemnants of last year's wheat are now being tak?n to market, and two or three loads passed through to-day. WIRRABABA., November 29. During last week '.he weather was very hot, and on Saturday last the glass etoo'd' at 90° in the shade at noon. Bast evening a thunderstorm passed over the town, the lightning being very vivid, although very little rain felL Haymaking is almost finished in this district, and the farmers are making preparations for reaping, which is to comm -nee on some of the farms te-day. The grein is likely to turn out well, with a fair ave rage. AUBURN, November 29. The weather during the past week has been very unsettled—some days a cloudless sky, and others a regular stormy-looking one; but no rain has fallen to speak of. Red rust is making rapid progress in the crops round here, which must materially reduce the average. Experienced farmers are of an opinion that the damage done will not be so great as some of the younger farmers imagine. Holmes, the man who stabbed Mr. and Mrs. William Wilson, after hiding away the night of the fracas, gave himself up to the police the following evening. On his coming into the light it was evident that he had attempted unsuccessfully to cut his own throat, there being two gashes from the side of the neck to the windpipe, which have since been stitched up. 0n Saturday he was brought before Mr. F. Treloar, J.P., and remanded until December 2, on which date the doctor thought Mr. and Mrs. Wilson would be able to attend to give evidence. The affair has caused great excitement. Sympathy is expressed on all sides for both Holmes and liis family, who are a resectable hard-working lot. The Lilliputian Troupe performed here last Friday evening to a very fair house, and gave general satis faction. The North must be fully stocked with horses, judging from the mobs that appear to be returning from that way, five oi six having passed here within a week. Through the stoppage of Messrs. Bremner and Orowdeu's large machine works, a number of hands have been thrown out of employment. It is to be hoped, for the sake of the township, that they will not have to leave for other employment, otherwise there will be several tenantless houses, and we have enough of those already. There is now some chance of thetreeB lately planted round the township living through the summer, as the Council dayman is now attending to the watering of them. Reaping will be in full swing in a fortnight's time ; bets have bsen made that Borne crops will average eighteen butliels. It seems strange, situated as we are in the midst of a large wheat-producing district, that the wheat buying firms are not represented, and have not been for years. It is almost a.novelty to sec a load of wheat going through the township. KAPUNDA, November 27. The great cricket festival is over, and people have once more settled down to business. The visit of the Australian Eleven was a decided success. The atten dance for a country township must have been most gratifying to them, and their share of the receipts was well worth having. The venture was plucky for so small a club as the Kapuuda, but with hard work by the members and liberal help from the townspeople every difficulty was overcome, and the club cleared from £50 to £60 by the affair, in addition to a good round sum spent in permanent improvements upon the ground. T understand that the amonnt will be spent in the purchase of a new heavy roller, and in laying the waterpipes on. A man has been appointed to take care of the oval, and in a year or so the club should possess an acre at least of very decent turf. The cricket oval is on Dutton Park, a plantation of forty acres, purchased for the public by private sub criptions, and vested in a body of trustees. The institution has been incorporated, and is managed by a committee of most energetic workers. The trees are growing well, and the large annual expenditure must soon result in giving the town a most valuable recreation park. A dozen years ago hardly a tree was to be seen in Kapunda; now gardens and plantations are the rule. A few private individuals have spent a great deal in planting, and now the public institu. tions are taking the matter up. Some of the streets have already been planted by the Corporation, and they have just put a large number of treeB and shrubs in the reserves round the dam. The Hospital Board have also planted 560 olive-trees on their grounds. The waterworks should be a great boon to owners of little gardens, but the charges are so high as to be almost prohibitive, and the water is still so muddy as to be perfectly useless for domestic purposes of any kind. As a matter of fact, the waterworks are considered by many to be a comparative failure. Professor Pepper has been here three nights this week, and has had no reason to complain of the patronage afforded him. It is slated that the Insti tute Committee have arranged with him to give a course of six lectures on science about a mouth hence. MALLALA, November 30. Since my last the weather on the whole ha] been warm, jnst the thing for ripening the wheat. Several farmers have commenced reaping; in some cases the result has been one bag to the acre, in othor places two or three bushels. The above refers to some crops at Feltwell and Dublin. The crops near the township are not very good, I have been showa some splendid samples of White Lammas and Purple straw, also some splendid ears of Eg} ptian bearded wheat, the latter having a good plump grain, pro ducing half a bushel of-wheat from half pint of seed; but I am told the millers will not buy Itfor flour. Tho above samples are from Mi; Duck's farm at Dalkey, I have also been shown fine samples from the farms of Mr. 8. Churche and Mr. J. standby, all of Dalkey. So far the crops In Dalkey seem to be very good. The most important event which has transpired during the past week in connection with the history of our township has been the opening of |the new Post and Telegraph Offices by Mr. C. Todd, C.M.O., which passed off with great success. On Friday last a Are broke out on Mr. W. i'orby's farm at Feltwell, when he lost about seven acres of self-sown wheat. The fire wsb caused by the care lessness of one of his men whilst smoking. The carpenters have made a start at the wheat store of Cowan's Mill. They will have their work to do in order to get the store completed for this season's wheat. - A man in Mr, J. Forbes's employ, named Adams, met with a nasty accident on Monday morning last. It seems he was adjusting some of the chaius of the harness, when a colt of his team kicked him in the face, breaking his upper jaw, Mr. Forbes at once took him to Gawler for medical attendance. I hear there is a movement on foot to get a supple mentary mail to Adelaide via Wasleys, so that we shall be enabled to post a letter by the first train and get a reply by the evening's train, whereas now It takes two days to get a reply. The Msllala Literary Association held their usual weekly meeting on Friday last, when an interesting paper on physiology—"Bones of Trunk and Skull of the Human Body"—was read by the Kev. A. J. Burt, illustrated by diagrams. It has been decided to hold a picnic in connection with the Hope of Mallala Bechabite Tent shortly. English Bparrows have made their appearance here. LAURA, November 30. The weather for the past fortnight has been very warm, and the crops are ripening fast. On some'farms red rust has produced a deleterious effect, but this district has every cause for thankfulness that this Seat has been less Injurious to us than to our nelgh ours. Beeping will be general in this locality about the beginning of next week, and an average yield of abont e'ght bushels will be obtained. One farmer, who has over 1,600 acres under crop, informs me that he expects to reap ten bushels per acre, and that had it not been for the rust the yield would have been almost double. Numbers of swagsmen are loafing about the town ship, but very few of them seem to obtain employ ment, and not a few of their number seem to rejoice in a state of chronic drunkenness. The District Council has at last resolved to mend its ways, and groat heaps of dirt are being deposited in the main street, but what earthly benefit can result from this it would require the ghost of Macadam or a Laura District Council to elucidate. Probably the Council believe in the (fid proverb that Satan flBds, Ac . and consequently make work for the un employed. Three of our local residents have been appointed to the Commission of the Peace, and strange bat trae they are all new arrivals. One is. a doctor of medi cine, and is no doubt entitled to the honour, both by his position and education ; bat regarding any special qualification of the others to entitle them to the honour is. a question much more easily asked than answered. The residents in Laura were very much startled on reading the appointments in the Gazette, and the public feeling is tbat an injustice has been done to this township, as there are many suitable persons here wno well deserve the honour. WILMINGTON, November 23, On the evening of the 15 th inst. several of the lead ing residents of the town and district met at the Institute to say farewell to Mr. Thomas Hunter, who has been promoted from the managership of Messrs. Dunn & Co.'s mills here to those of the same firm at Port Augusta. Several persons made speeches in honour of the occasion, all agreeing that the neigh bourhood were sustaining a great loss by Mr. Hunter's removal. The fact of its being a more important position, and consequently a presumably more lucrative one, was acknowledged to be the only cause' for congratulation. Mr. C. H. Burton, on behalf of the numerous friends and well - wishers of Mr. Hunter, presented him with eleven very handsomly bound volumes, which were accepted by that gentleman with ex pressions of very great surprise at such substantial evidence of the kindly feeling of the rlsidents. He said be had not consulted his own wishes in accepting the appointment to Port Augusta, for he had become very much attached to Wilmington, and had spent three of the happiest years of his life here. The weather has been most favourable to the crops, and the result of the* reaping so far is very satis factory ; little, however, has been cut as yet. The red rust has not been increasing, and it is expected to do but little damage to the early crop. 