ROMAN. PICTURES.-t-No. Yin. THE MARTYRS OF THE COLOSSEUM. [By thhEhv.W. B. Fletchek, M.A.] In my last paper I gave some account of the , building of the CqloMeiim, and the purposes for i which it was originally designed. ' In this paper I'wish to sketch- its history in connection with ' the Christian religion, to which ;it:owes at once itsdes traction, aad the preservation of Lthe ruins as a, sacred relic among the .fragments of. heathen architecture that are around it. As we think of those , horrid Boman customs of which I gave an account in my last paper, we can well imagine that Christianity and they would never assort together. In two ways is the Colosseum connected with the ^history, of Christian suffering and triumph. 1. The Chris- ,| tiaus refused as far. as practicable to go to those games, and their absence irritated and annoyed their unconverted fellow-citizensand as those games were all connected some' way or other with the idol festivals of Borne, ibis conduct of the Christians had over it .a color of 'atheism and: irreligion.- 2. Here was, a convenient method at..hand for, punishing .contumacious Christians. ; If they were so wicked as to dis obey the laws, if they' had to be ptit to death' for .their " obstihateatheism," why- should -hot their death be .made; to ■ minister to' thespublic amusement ? It was a -new '.sensation .-to ,-haye Christians murdered-by lions, and itbecameim mensely popular. • The.appearauce.pt this new sect afforded a grandhpportunity for furbishing victims for the amphitheatre. On the-most absurd of pretexts :they were hurried away to make sport for the people. Tertullian in the Srd century writes—"If the Tiber overflowed; .if there were famine or plague; if the season were dry, or cold, or.scorching; whatever public calamity happened, the'universal cry of the populace was,' The Christians to the lions!'" It was during the reign of Trajan that the protomartyr of the Colosseum won his crown; the first of a noble army in whose ranks , are numbered veterans and little children, women and men, boys and girls, and whose graves are to be found in the' Catacombs.' This proto martyr was Ignatius; Bishop bf-Ahtioch. He was .an old man, and was, moreover, the friend and the disciple of St. John the Apostle, and a man in all respects of an apostolic character. He was brought before Trajan when on one of his expeditions towards, the Bast, and Trajan himself condemned him to be taken in chains to Borne and there to be devoured by the lions in the Colosseum for the gratification of .the people. It was a terrible sentence, but it came to..the aged Christian as a message of" glad tidings,for he cried out with joy, "I thank Thee, O Lord, that Thou'hast vouchsafed to honor ine with perfect love toward Thee, and hast made me to.be bound with iron chains like Thy Apostle Paul!'■ Hisjourney to Borne was, like. Paul's, long .and dangerous, but. wherever he went he met with many Christian friends, and was enabled to write various letters at the diffeferikplaces where he/rested. These letters remain to this day, and'testify throughout to the victory of his. patience, for they breathe a spirit.of triumphant jpy. The vessel entered the harbor just as the sports of the arena- were, drawing to a close, and the soldiers were in haste to get Mm to the city, whereat his friends were grieved; but he himself yielded to their emergency. There-Was no active persecution in Borne at that time, and the.Christians crowded aronnd the'martyr, wishing to interpose in his behalf, but he would not hear of it, and suffered himself to he led to the Colosseum. It was the last day of the sports, the theatre was full to overflowing, the good man was brought in and placed alone' in the centre of the vaBt arena. . He knelt in prayer while.the prepara tions were in process.He looked around him and exclaimed, ".Romans who are . present know' that ,1 have not been brought into this place for any crime, but in order that by these means I may merit the enjoyment of the glory of God, for love of whom rI have been made prisoner.": The doors.of the dens were thrown open. The liens: were let loose: They, came bounding forward, seized the venerable old man, tore him.limb from limb, and, being' goaded o,y hunger, not only killed 'him but devoured him before the eyesof an applauding and jeering as sembly, only leaving the' larger bones for his- ■ friends to gather together during the following night , as a-melancholy but precious memdrial of this cruel martyrdom. Legend upon legend tell of this one or that one who in after years followed Ignatius to hii glorious reward. Not many years after we are told that the Christians who had' been con demned were set up. as targets and shot down : with, arrows. *': Under" Hadrian, aj>. 218, a pafricism named Placedus,his wife Theophista,. and his'tW'sons were first exposed to the wild beasts, but .when they refused to toiich them they word shut1 upf iu a brazeu bull and roasted I by/dr-fire beneath:^~ In -X.D: 253 Abion and Sepnen, two.: rich citizens: of the east, were, exposed here to two lions and four bears, but • on their refusing.toattackthem were dispatched by the' swords of the gladiators; and in one of the catacombs there is a quaint .picture of Jeaua crdwnibg these martyred strangers with the martyr's wreath. In; a.D;259 a hew amusement is ■ devised; for bgfore a statue of the Sun near the entrance of the Colosseum a pyre is erected, and Sempronius, Olympus, .Theodoras, and Exu peria were publicly burnt "on tbeir refusing to offer.' sacrifices,.to the idol; In a.d. .'272 St. Prisca was vainly exposed here to a liohi then starved for three daysj then stretched ona rack, and af ter, various torments .was finally beheaded. The samefatjb befelSta. Martiaa.anocher Roman lady, in 277., Alexander, Pofcitus, ErehtheTus" Maximus; Yitus, Cresentia. and Modesta were am'ong ' the number ! of the slain. Only a few of the Z names:; of-: these martyrs haye come down to usj' but as we...read the pages of, the writers of that age, espe cially Tertullian and.Eusebius; as we tread the silent' galleries of the Catacombs, where lay; their • bones ; as' we -! note 1 the letters " MB", on many and many ." a ■ grave, or - see, . the tiny . -lamp affixed to - the.' cement which closed the mangled remains in tKetpinb,we get a confused conception of awful successions of scenes of blood, in which , heroism was mated with weakness, and4'gentle- I ness gained the victory in the moment of its defeat. There .is a tendency in human nature especially in times of excitement, to what 'may , be , called "deathbed, .theatricals," and this - was frequently manifested "in :the latest- age of ' persecution^ but- "these instances were' bat few at the time of . which I am'especially speaking. « The noble . courage of the truej confeasora, of the faith stands forth„iu -all itB grandeur against the !darkbackgroundhf pagan cruelty on the one hand and cowardly apostasy on the "other.-They weife heroes alike in word andin deed."' "The . mighty voice of the Holy Spirit," says Cyprian, ." sounded through; the lips of lthe martyrs." The sublimity of meekness ceased to be extra ' ordinary in the. church. We feel as we read the replies of the humblest Christians, so grand \- in their very simplicity," "that ' human nature is . rjaised above itself; that it is divinely ekalted • by the power of faith in the presence of distant >' , peril.: . .Wonderful, moreover; was the power, of • martyrdom to win .qo'nverfcs for faith. The sayingef Tertullian- is.as true as it ikbeautiful, ) that "The blood of'theV martyrs is the' seed bf ithe 'Church, J The: more they were'slain the ' i quicker grew the church,'-and the more ardent ; grew their faith."- -. ". It is certain," says Justin, : himself afterwards:a :'martyr^i« that nothing can 'makejpsdeny our faith-rneither ,-the ssvordpf . the slaypr, nor the gross of, agony, nor the teeth ' of nor tprtiures of any 1 ind,: .The Mqlce men multiply our snffer ings the more; does {the nhmber'of the'faithful ■ \- grow; 1 ae more;are the", disciples found. on the ;6id.eofIrhrmt.'*r,.r.:; >•> ■ j.Lthe; silent-arena of \- 0Il® cloudy moonlight evening and looked round on the grand panorama of desola ' txohj how the fancy came over me that the place ' was'still-peopled' by the ghosts oFthe departed. • . All arouiid at ffrst t^as utter stillness, and I saw1 :dtwMllihg;.ljght,passing .toiand'fro.along^the ; supper gallery, now seining, now hidden; which,' . as the party whom.it.guidqd waa invisible in :the'fclobin, seemedmbsk tme«rthly.:' T stood'on :the step£rt>f. the cross-'witfch^hen Marked the i centte of the arena: THe cehtre bf that'ruin'is thd cross^s the crbsais thb:central !fact in tte i ^ story.of'Bomtfs decline.'; The^ scene of Dore's * ; famous picture wai befotb me. My.readers wUl "r ..remember it, I dare say. It is nightime: the . ' stars-are shining peacefully, the. great theatre is.' J,emptyrthe bodies "of the slaih Christians lie i huddledr ihi heaps'; the' lions and tigers have J been let doofie' .in . the Zarena to 'eat their fill of ; hnmamflesh^ ,It is qpnWfal e'jght, but; floating """4" J"ver8eangelforms, etakeatiieaoulfl of. . . , f i , -—7— -c??i®l)abkto this' scene'of triumph;1 a had in mypochet Haw-' thorne'as strange1 tale called " TranSformation " : Mid there came i» inymind a, passage in whioh ha -imagines not a visitation of- aogela, butagatherr , Mfii, -gtmQy; fprmi" of the assemblages which.haye in blden times' made cruel holiday enthbsestbhebehchbb. ; ancy;".said Kenyon," ahightly assemblage' of "80,00&>m'elaacholy?rahd- reniorseful) ghosts,) looking downirom' thosfctieta of.brokemarehes, striving to;epent- *of- jthose-, savage pleasures, -, nViion fliow nnba finiAtrod IvnAfliil'l IvZ !'1 hl'_; ' hat veritable scene in Benvennto autobiography in which a necromancer of his acquaintance draws a magic cirole- rjust; where the black cross now stands I suppose—and raises myikds of demons ? Benvenuto saw thqm with his own eyes—giants, pigmies^ and other creatures of frightful aspect—capering and dancing on yonder walls. Those spectres' must' have been .Romans in their- lifetime aud fre quenters of this bloody amphitheatre." < Before passing from these seenes of holy, tragedy, let me tell you one more story, which if colored by the narrator with a robe of fiction is nevertheless!'absolutely true to . the general spirit of : the times. It is the story of Bancra- ; ' tins, the youthful martyr of the last persecution : under Diocletian and, Maximian. The name of : this hero, is, very familiar to every citizen of London, for one of the most fashionable churches of the metropolis is dedicated to his honor under the name of St. Pancraa. Few, however, know any more ,of . him than the mere name. He was a Rpman lad, the son of a Christian martyr of a good family. • That he was martyred like jbis father there is no doubt, but traditions vary as to^whether he was beheaded or torn by wild beasts. I'will tell you the story according to the "'latter veisioh,-shielding myself behind the .name of Dr. Wiseman, whose narrative I quote with some curtailments:—"Pancratiu3 stood in the.midst of the arena, the last of the faithful band. He" had been reserved in hopes that ,the sight of others suffering mightshake his iconstancyj but the effect -had' beeu the reverse. He took his stand where he was placed, and hi3 yet. delicate frame contrasted with the swarthy and brawny limbs of the executioners who sur rounded him. They now left him alone, and we cannot better describe him than Eusebius, an eye-witness, does, a youth a few years older." " You might have seen a tender youth, who had not yet entered his twentieth year, stand ing with fetters on his hands stretched forth, in the form of a cross, praying to God most atten tively with a fixed and untrembling heart, not retiring from the place where he first stood, nor swerving the least, while bears and leopards, breathing fury and death in their very snort, were just rushing on to tear his limb3 in pieces. And yet, X know not how, their jaws.seemed .seized and closed by some Divine and mysterious power, and they drew back altogether." Such was the attitude,"and such the privileges of this heroic youth. The mob were frantic as they saw one wild] beast after-another career ing madly round him, roaring and lashing its sides with its tail, while he seemed placed in a charmed circle which they could not approach. A furious bull let loose upon him dashed madly forward with his neck bent down, then stopped,suddenly, pawed the ground, and scat tered the dust over him, bellowing fiercely. "Provoke him, thou coward!" roared out still louder the enraged Emperor. Pancratius.awoke as from a trance, and waving his arms ran-to wards his enemy, but the savage brute, as if a lion had been rushing on him, turned away.and ran towards the entrance, where, meeting his keeper, it tossed him high: in the air. All were disconcerted except -the: brave youth, who had resumed his attitude of . prayer, when one of .the crowd called out, " He has a charm about his neck, heR a sorcerer1'' The whole multitude re-echoed the cry, till the Emperor, having com manded silence, called out to him," Take that amulet from thy neck and oast it from thee, or it shall be done more roughly for thee." "Sire," replied the youth -with a musical voice which rang sweetly through the hushed amphitheatre, " Sire" it is no charm that I wear, but a memorial of my Father, who in this very place made gloriously the same confes sion that I now humbly make. I am a Christian, and for .the love of 'Jesus Christ, God, and man, I gladly give my life. Do not take from me this .only:legacy. Try once more. It was _a panther . who gave him his. crown, perhaps it will do the same for me." For an instant there was a dead silence—the multitude seemed softened and won. "The panther!" shouted out a voice. " The panther!" responded1 twenty] " The panther!" thundered forth a hundred thousand in chorus, like the roaring of an avalanche. A cage started up as if by magic in the midst of- the sand, and as it rose its sides fell down and freed the captive of the'desert. With one graceful bound the elegant savage gained its liber ty, and though enraged by darkness, confinement, and hunger, it seemed almost playful, and it leapt aud turned about, aud.frisked and gambolled noiselessly on the sand. At last it caught sight of its prey. All. its feline cunning and cruelty seemed to return and conspire together in ani mating! the cautious aqd treacherous' move ments of its velvet-clothed frame. The whole amphitheatre was as silent as if • it had been a hermit's dell, while every eye was intent on vratching the stealthy approaches of the sleek brute to its victim. Pancratius was still stand ing in the same place facing the Emperor, and apparently so absorbed in- higher thoughts as not to heed the movements ot his enemy. The panther had stolen round him as if disdaining to attack him except in front. OrouchiDg upon its. breast, slowly advancing, one paw.netore another, it had gained its measured distance, . and.there it lay for some moments of breathless suspense. A deep snarling growl, ari elastic spring through the air, and it was seen gathered'up like a leech, with its hind feet. on the chest, and its fangs and fore claws on the \ throat of .the martyr. He stood erect for a ' moment, and, looking at Sebastian with a smile,.. waved him a farewell salutation, and fell. The arteries of his neck had been severed, and the slumber of martyrdom settled on his eyelids. (Fabiola, ch. 23). / The history of the Colosseum as the slaughter house of the Christians came to an end with' the accession of Constantine the Great with one notable exception, but it continued to be used more or less as a place for gladiatorial shows for nearly 100 years longer. The Romans were too strongly imbued with a taste for blood to give up their favorite sport at once. The Christian. Emperors did their best to stay the custom, but so radical a reform in public usage could hot come to pass in a single genera tion. The last exhibition of this kind took place in the year 403. The scene was the same aa before, but there was one notable difference, for all traces of public idolatry are wanting. The spectators new are nominally Christians, for the Emperor is a Christian and Christianity is now the established religion of the Empire. An oriental monk, by name Telemachns, is in Rome. Some stories tell us he is come to Rome impelled by a determined impulse to stop the games. Be that as it may, he came suddenly into the arena, rushed between the gladiators, and in .the name of his Master bid them cease their combat. The Romans were provoked at this unexpected interruption of their pleasures, tore up the seats, laid their hands ou whatever they could, get, crowded], down into the arena, and overwhelmed Telemaohus with a shower of stones. He -was the last and by no means the least worthy.] of the noble army. By his death he preached an elo quent sermon against the art'and amusement of shedding human blood. The madness of che people subsided. They respected the memory of the murdered monk, . and they submitted without a murmur , to the. laws of Honorious, who abolished for ever the human sacrifices of the'amphitheatre. Telemkchus is hot counted among the; saints; fio-'church has ever been' raised to his^honor; his self- sacrifice is rarely referred to in ecclesiastical traditions, yet I doubt if,;any ffian.in the ^hole.;history;>.o£ the, conflict of. Christianity "did a -nobler, or more j nsefuV, or, a more heroic deed than did thaii obr scure Ofiehtal monk." The subsequenfc. histofy of the Colosseum is curipus and chequered^ It was occasionally used for the combats pf-wild bba3ts^ and in the middle ages wagtheicene of-' a bloody tonrna- | ment, but it stood-.forth as a melanoholy memento of the past thatcould never be repro duced.-It wps too strong and too massive to pass away in .the various sackings of the city, and even.in the eighth century.stood entire. It was seized upon] as] a fortress, for which] it was admirably Adapted^ as its walls would defy all assaults, and its passages and rooms would hold a legionf or a garrison. It passed from one family to another in the clashing ] of medieval quarrels. Twice it served asarefugefortheonePope against another,' when the world beheld the edifying spectacle of two successors of:: St. Peter disput '■ ing for supremacy. In the 14th century it wag. used as a.hospital by the canons of the Lateran, ind.the arms of (the phapter, consisting of our \- Saviour's, head,between ;two candelabra may \- still be seen - sculptured on various parts of the structure.] "WHatwouldoldRomehavet hough t Of subBA'change as that'?.'After thati^became a stone quarry, and four of the great palaces of modern Rome (Barberini, Farfiese, St. Marco, and -Oancellaria) were built from materials! - . plundered from its walls] It is: said that the.: \- first of,these plunderers got permission to ° re-, move pnly! as, much stone, as_.cpuld. be taken away .'in twelve hours. But "Cardinal Farnese was equalto .the 'occa^ion, and'let loose. Upon it an army ' of 4,000 workmen who* did ho small misdhief in thatone dayi Pope SixtusV. endea vored to;ntilise. the ruin by turning the arcades into shops, but the scheme, did-.not answer. Clement XL C17.0Q) set up, a r manufactory of teltpetre herb, but the adventure .did not suc ceed. fA.t last d:heJ, same Pope being reminded py a CarmeBtefaibnkhbw'iniqmiSris it was to allow- a spot consecrated by such holymemories to be desecrated, took the: old] ruin under his j] protection-erected- in the arena a great cross 1 andRuild there a little chapel'; " ■ Thus protected the old theatre ceased to* be" an objeot of envy, and was allowed to rest and Jbeepme beautiful in its decay. lesgrew iq its chinks, owls and bats took possession of its deserted passages,'its chambers and'dens: were filled up till all memory of them vanished, pilgrims passed round,the arena on their knees,. and sermons were preached" every Friday from , the cross in the centre. This is the Oolosseum . of modern poetry, the Oolosseum of Sogers, and. Byron; the Oolosseum of romance and art/But another, change has come over the spirit of the vision. The Italian Government .has got pos session of the ruin, and is treating it as a me mento of. the past, which is not only to be preserved, but to be explored. The trees have been all out down, because their roots were tearing the walls. The cross, I am told, has disappeared since I was there, and instead diverse cranes and winohes have been put up. Sappers and engineers have, been digging into the arena; vast remains, walls, dens, and passages ate being discovered underneath the level of the floor of boards and sand on which the games were enacted, and many curious relios of the past are being unearthed. The genius of modern criticism and enquiry has ousted the conserva tive ecclesiastical guardianship of the church, and compelled the old ruin to tell its architec tural story . ■When I saw it this change was in process. I remember well the last time I was there, and with an account of this final visit I will close my paper. It was on the oocasion of some public festival—the first anniversary of some event connected with the proclamation of Ita lian liberty in 1870. Beturning from some wanderings behind the Coelian Hill, I noticed as I passed the Colosseum some unusual prepara tions for some festivity, as T thought, for the morrow; but learning at the hotel that the Colosseum was to be illuminated that night, as soon as dinner was over I set out with those same artist friends who went with me to the cata combs of St. Agnes. A line of lamps and torches was placed all along the Forum and the Via Sacra. Crowds of carriages and pedestrians were hurrying to the scene, jostling each otner with good-humored merriment. Often of old had a Soman crowd gone along that same road to that same spot, in search of sport, but there were no qualms of conscience to., disturb the revellers of that evening. We got inside and. saw the great space,. dimly revealing itself by a few torches placed among the upper arches. A military band was playing and several thousand persons were loitering about the arena. Suddenly a loud report was heard and a bomb was shot up over our heads and burst in colored, fires,.which floated down over the ruin and displayed the enormous mass in yet more colossal proportions. Another and another followed, and then all at once at a given signal,: colored fires, red and green, and purple and gold were kindled in the hidden recesses of the pile. The effect was wild and sublime. The place looked like a .ghoul-., haunted, unhuman abode. Its size seemed, magnified tenfold. Its every cragj and stone, and buttress seemed on fire, and yet it did no t burn. .The disturbed birds flew screaming aloft in the dark upper air. The firemen on-the walls looked like, demons, apd in the midst of all "this the crowd was joking and chattering, and uttering their applause of the spectacle. The whole scene was beyond anything I ever imagined, somewhat smelling of the modern theatre perhaps, but very sublime. Ere while the lights faded,and all was dark again, and the crowd began to stream outside. . Then another bomb was shot up, giving the signal for another dis play. The crowd collected in groups by the Meta Sudans, and on the slopes of the Palatine, and at every point of vantage. The band piayed some more of the national airs. More bombs were fired, and then the building was illuminated from the outside, and the flood of light fell not only on it, but on the surrounding ruins as well—on the arch of Oonstantine, and on the _ broken walls of the Palatine. The lights died out; another and a final display of fireworks amused the crowd, and we all set off home, musing and talking over the great change that has come over the spirit of the vision since Titus opened the building 1,800 years ago with hecatombs of human victims. An old historian of England, the. Venerable Bede of Durham, quotes as a prophecy of the Saxou Pilgrims— " While stands the Colosseum, Home shall stand! When falls the Colosseum, Rome shall fall! • And when Rome falls, the world!" - And if we take the Colosseum to stand as the representative of the; spirit of paganism, the ; prophecy has already been fulfilled. The' Oolos seam hasfalien; ancient Rome has fallen, the old world system has fallen, but on the ruins God is building a new, a spiritual,'a holy state, a regenerate and perfeoted world,which a New Testament seer predicts as the " New Jeru salem," and says concerning it, " The glory of God doth lighten it, and .the Lamb is the light thereof, and' the nations of the" earth .do bririg their glory and honor into it." 