PADDINGTON. -. Yesterday, a moetiug of the electors of. Paddingtod i ..:held in front of the hustings, at the junction ôf Pc . Piper Road with South Head Road, for the purpose nominating candidates for the representation of the elec rate. About five hundred persons were present. At no Mr. John M'Pherson. the returning officer, be^nnthep .seedings by reading the advertisement convening the me bag, and exhibitingthe writ of election. ; Mr. W. TAYLOR nominated Mr. W. J. Trickett us a fit s proper person to represent the constituency in Parliament, was a most energetic man, who had devoted a large port of his time during the past three years in endeavouring promote the well-being of Woollahra in tbs nvAter cf i . tramway and water supply of the place. Mr. Trickett v a manof education, and would be nb!o to f«k.e a useful p ' jn the legislation of the country; moreover, ha was . thoroughly independent man. (Cheers.) . . Mr. W. BRADLEY seconded tho iomhis'.twca of 1 Trickett. He believed him to he a thoroughly able cc soientious good fellow, and he liked his address last uif better than that of any other candidato he hu& heard. Mr.'JOHN SEE nominated Mr. William Hoblet. He h . known the gentleman for a considerable time, sad ' believed that as far as his lights went ha ha/?, done his 1* '? best to serve them in the Parliament. Ho believed thst X :He¿Iet was one of the most earnest a;ad conscientious m . they could select to serve them. Mr. P. R. HOLDSWORTH seconded tie nomination. 1 ' believed that Mr. Hezlet. was well qualified bf his histo and experience to represent them in Parliament. If he h not spoken in every debate in the Hous?, ho iouf.d his nat . 'on almost every division. They did sot requiromeuw. would talk on every question, but mea of practical intel] gence. .' Mr. G. FLETCHER nouciaatei Mr. W. J. Allon as a who had long been among them, and would worthily repr ' sent them. ' Mr. R. C. DAWSOX seconded the nomination. Id ' Allen was a good speaker, was a, mon that was respects . nod had taken part in ever}' movement that had, for i ' object the moral improvement oi young: mar.; Ho wa« man of good understanding, and voil qualified t-j represe . .' 'the constituency. 1 ; ' ; Mr. SAMUEL MOORS nominates SI?. J. A. Carroll. ? -.Mr, WILLIAM SEARLE seconded the nomination. I .Bupported Mr. Carroll especially because of his advocacy i . protectionist principles. -Mr. 'W. J. TRICKETT, who was received with cheer , said. that since he had entered ou hi? candidature ho he ' had the encouragement of jra&y; friends w2»*» hs -had t " doubt, would give him one of their votec. (Cheers.) B Vas not a stranger among then. His ¿afbsr luid been or "bf the pioneers of the Woollahra district, and h« ha worked subsequently in the interests of the eastern suburb: (Cheers.) He was very glad to see that this eon te* ';. speared to be carried on'by the four condidßtäs ia a M spirit. With one miserable exception, pointed at him . self,.there had been no personalities; tasa ha did notgiv ".' his opponents credit for having inserted the miserabls ad yertisement to which he referred. (Checra.) Siz monti 'ngo'he announced that when two members oliould bo givo to the electorate he should seek one of tho seats : and, m re . , sponse rn a request submitted to him two mouthe ego, he n ' once fell in with the views of tho requisitiociste, cai resolved to contest the election. Ho hope<i that th . .numerous promises made to him on that occasion woul . be fulfilled, and that tho requisitiouists would roll up an> , give him their support. Ho claimed their support.not ns .mon who would give his vote in any potty, sectarian, o [ party interest, but as one who would gi\o it in the interest of tho country generally. (Cheers.) Many of thom ha< honouredhimhy visiting his meetings whorehe had addressei the electors. If there was any part of the electorate he hai not had the opportunity of visiting, thut was due not to an; feeling of disrespect, but because tho time .was so linutci that ho could not do so. He had taken tho constitutionn course of not coming forward before tho old Parliament die< out. The shortness of the time given to tho elector* t< make up their minds had quito taken him hy surprise. Hi hod, however, lost no timo thereafter in going round ti explain his views to the constituency. Ho hoped to meo: them on several occasions yet before the eleaiion tc ? ' further explain his views. At tho outset he wished to ox plain that he would not go . into tho Assembly under aiaj false colours-(cheers)-huton his own solo responsibility, Ho stood before them as an untried man-as a man, how- ever, who had got on to tho best of his ability ; and lu wished now to do what ho could for the constituency ic ; which he had lived so iong. fCheers.) Coming now to'th« questions which he had gathered wera of the chici interest at the present time, he would allude first . to the question of municipal government. About that he ought to know something, for he had taken on active part in municipal affairs for tho last sis years. In his opinion municipal government should be extended throughout the whole of this country, so that the .people who contributed the funds should have tho handling . of them, in the carrying out of the work6 for which they were contributed. (Cheers.) The Press had been hard on municipal candidates who had ventured to come forward for the constituencies ; but he maintained that there was no reason why a good alderman should not make a good legislator. (Cheers.) A legislator had, no doubt, to make laws for the whole country ; still while doing that he could always keep a watchful eye'on the necessities of the particular districts he repre- sented ,* and if he had the honour to be elected he should always, as he had hitherto done, use his influence in pro» . . noting the rights and interests of the eastern suburbs. . This electorate must keop up with the times in the matter of speedy communication and water supply, and such like things. As to tho Constitution of tho country, be maintained that there was no reason why they should alter tho Con- stitution of the Upper House. Ho was strongly opposed to tho payment of members. (Cheers.) If ho had the honour to be elected to represent the constituency, ho had the time and opportunity and moans to do so, he hoped honestly and independently ; and he hoped the day would never come when 108 men could not bo found to go to Parliament as a matter of búsinoss, and feel it to he the greatest honour to make laws for this magnificent country. (Cheers.) In regard to tho Civil servants of the country, hemight;say;that . his connection with them for a number of year« had been very satisfactory. He had always mot with civilty and attention. With a part of the Civil servants that might require weeding out he had nothing to do. But tho Civil service gonorally wanted putting on a sound basis. Legis- lation was required to prevent porsons being, put, through influential friends, into positions , over the heads of. others, and so to . establish a ' system that men would be advanced according to their . ïnèrits, and havana incentive to do.theirduty. Then they would have the status of the Civil servicn improved. (Cheers.) The Chinese who wero hero should be treated as'humanely as their own flesh and blood ; but, looking- at- tie alarming numbers of thom n short distance away,.ho. , thought ¡that .the poll tax should nover have boon, allowed to die out. (Cheers'.') Thoy ought, he maintained; now: to . endeavour to get the othor colonies.to join them in passing! V a restrictive bill- to prevent them coming here in such ? numbers ss they were doing. If any of. the other colonies ? 'objected to this, - he would pass ft poll-tax,', to. .<.' pxevent them, coming into this colony. . He objected elsa to. jflin ir,«I;c¡pWmi»iutn immiwatinn nf nug fellnyqnnujtrpTinr^ that had now been going- on ¿or eenie years. Thoy did not wanta lot of men and women to como hore and redueo flin labour ,market; but-, they wanted honest, hardworking people, with money, who would go into tho interior und take up their lands, and establish farming industries. If thoy had immigration of that ulnas it wimbi bn the best investment tho Stato could havo. It was ridiculous to suv j that there wero enough pcoplo in such a mugni ; ficent territory ns this. [Voice: ''What about'tho i absentees ? "1 Ho should very much like to sra a measure iu I traduced whereby tho properties of absentees could be taxed : as much as possible. (Cheer.*.') Thoso wera not tho kind j of people they wnntod, who directly they put on in the ! world went away from tho colony. He did.not hesitate (o I saV, and lie was prepared to stand or fall by thc htatemont, : that lie was a free-trader, because free trade meant, ¡iron!; j trade, and great) trado meant great prosperity ; »mi ho j maintained that this country nt tho present- limp wan in a state of very great prosperity, lío might quote statistics I and dwell upon this subject, by reference to other j countries for hours, but he would do no more than look nt j their neighbours over tho Murray, and ask which was thc ¡inoro prosperous, írnc-trndo New" South-Wales or protec- tionist Victora? Ho thought, unmistake.ibly, tho balance I was in favour of this colony. Why, tho other day, wo M ero J conveniently able lo lend them half a million of monoy. Ho ¡ maintained Unit protect ion meant monopoly, and monopolies I wera as injurious to largo communities as thoy wore beuo ! flcial to tho few monopolists who enjoyed thom. Under free j trado this country would besomo a groat country. (Cheers.) j As to tho question of tho proposed remission of interest ! ho m-'iintnincd that; tho late Conference did not fairly reprc I sent thc feeling of tho free- selectors. Tho attempt the j Conference mndo to securo the remission of interest on freo I selectors' balances could not bo maintained for a single minute. (Cheers.) To ask that the interest should bo foregone i-meant that £200,000 should bc paid by other classes of tho j community. Ho maintained that no rightminded thinking ¡ man who had bought property for himself, and paid for it, ! could advocate any such system of remission. Thc htird j working selectors did not want the remission ho w as «uro. ] In tho New England district during tho last twelvo j months, moro land lind been additionally selected by right ! of prior solection than in any similar prior period. That. ! proved conclusively that selectors who had their farms and ? paid their £1 wero so well satisfied that they carno and took ' up additional selections, and wore prepared to pay for them . Another subject he would touch upon was their public buildings, many of which ho contended were of too expen I sivo n character, totally beyond tho requirements of tho I case ; and not only that, thoy wore carried on in a slow, ! miserable manner, increasing tho expenditure unnecessarily, j Though ho did not approve of putting np miserable, I wretched buildings, ho contended that a check should bo j put on tho lavish expenditure inciu-red in vim erection of I costly public structures. As to the licensing system, ha j did not approve of tho present method of granting licenses to the publicans. Ile had seen dodges resorted to over ¡ind over again to got magistrates to turn the scale for or against the granting of a license. Suth a stato of things was not creditable to tho administration of justice Ho main- tained that the granting of licenses should bo placed in tho hands of a board, who should bo I respousihlo for dealing out evon-honded justico to applicants and opponents, and would no doutt soo that lioenses wero granted on their merits. 0:i tho subject of railways ho might say that ho had fort-.i.'.; oi:« of u deputa- tion to the Government, anti then being chosen spokesman, steted that when the. suburbs wcie conne.-i cd with the city by tramways, they should havo tho Circular railway. Hallways to the interior should bo curried out, where thero was a chance of their baiag remunerative; and ns to the proposed wilway io Circular Quay, he hud ttlways been a supporter di tltst. To p.-oc.ii.stinKtn only meant to in.crètt.e tho expense, auu ho hoped therefore that this ruilw&y; would bo pushed forward, at on^a. Tho sewage nvstem adopted by thé Government and approved by the conference of municipal delegates, had lately been piessod on the attention ot the Government hy a deputation of which he wie » member ; ana tho Colonial Secre- tary had lstelv told a deputation that, tho work would ha shortly carristl out. Another matter' about which ho knew a little was the subject of law re 'fonx.. They had some measure of it in tho passing of a new Equity Act, but ho hoped that in other branches oí tho low mèaeures would shortly be taken itv thu 'purpose of simplifying their law procedura. As to tho Education.questiM;, ho maintained that thc principles cf the Act pasie.'l )osi session wer« the right thing for tfcn colony, pnd&r; that law they might nil VJ brought up us a happy faniily. Thero wore many advantages in counuctioa with that Act. hw need not detail. They. allowed any- one tb» kopi of reaching tho University. Au they wanted their idle people to go away from Sydney, and net to remain hero as useless members ci society, he looked upon tho subject ol tochni iustructiou for imparting knowledge in thu industrie* oí the colony us most important. One moro subject he might allude io wria the necessity tor a measure t;> provont ships befcag tout TO sea in an unseaworthy condition, imperilling thc lives of their crews in. tbs \my they ked seen. Av.d if auch a jubasuro vere passed ho hoped its terms would bu so clear that they could not bi evaded. He should cor. trouble them longer, but before sitting down he wished to imrews upon them tko fact that ho carno before ih«u on Lix own responsibility, and on that footing aloa« ho wanted their votes ; and ho hoped that his friends would, on Thurs- day, give him ono of their votes, and place him ut th» tcp of "the poll. (Cheers.) In. reply to questions, tho candidato said to would bo glad to seo îociil industries carried out in the colony ; he waa pledged to no party at ail, and he would probably take his coat on the cross benches ; ho did not think it would bo advisable to have all the ulectioason ono day, ns it would havo tho effect of disfranchising pooplo who had property in many electorates ; ho waa in favour of tho eight-hour system ; ho was not an advocate for pulling down tho Exhibition building, but would turn it into a museum, or dovoto it, if 'possible,"to tho public interest in somo other way. Mr. HEZLET was-received with cheers. He said ho had come before them to-day to ask there to renew tho confi- dence they had placed in him somo eight or nine months ago, when they did him tho honour to rotura him LU thair .representative. Ho thought hs had redeemed all tho pledges he gave on that occasion. There had been too ranch talk ii. til« Parliament which had just terminated. Ho" iSiA not law what tho conséquences "would be if tho talking power should bo increased s,t the same rate ns tho number oi members iu the larger Pailiaraúiií. There was ono member who talked by the beor, and then took his departure; but 'was never in hi«' placo wiir-n a trial of strength took place. . He spoke to be reported, and than aid not caris what nftsi-wari's bocamo of til» motions. Ko (Mv. 'Hezlet had remained to give Ids votes till late m the »Urn- ing; and ho hopsd ho had shown good taste in never attempting to. stand on tho floor of tho House to repeat tho argumente advanced by others ; and ho would never «io BO, unless h«i would bi ebie to improve the cate from .another a'tandpoiatl It w»» this incessant- talk' that cauooi members to Blay nins months out o' evtry t.veivo in Parlis.Bient. H'a votes wow ali to he found in th» Han- sard, and ho had not given on* that ho we* gois¿- to apo- logize for. Every ono he had gives from conscientious icoiivoo, »nd he WSB prepared to stand or fall by them. After la took his seat, the first measure intro- duced .was a bill to tai* tba tramway round tho cit v. There was at that time a comn&nywho; moaopdioed tho. name of the Tramway Company.* Such a company was not in existence, and he would' not tolerate any monopoly. Ho did not speak on that occasion, as. it was not necessary that ho should do so, although, he had been well able ; but ho was told that it was no uso prolonging tho debate, so ho contented himself by influencing a number of friends who were in favour of a railway to support the tramway system ; and ho was successful in stopping the opposition which was got up, under tho pretence- of securing a railway, and as tho result thoy wore now about to have the tramways. He voted for thabitl to supply water for Sydney and thuiulond towns of the colony, "and also for u proper sewerage system. Tho Education question had passed to the 27th clause before he took his neat. He voted for all the remaining clauses, ra he. should have voted for the previous ones had he beon in Parliivmoni ; and if any attempt wore mads to repenl the law passed last session, such an attempt woulà meet wita his most daterminod opposition. ^He.supported thh. hill through all its clauses to give thom au additions! member, He supported the Licensing Bill through all its clauses, although thero wer« iv great many objections to it. Ho knew it could bo modified in committee. That bill, how- ever, was shelved. Ho then voted for tho Suspensory Bill, prohibiting tho gzanting of IU.W license« iii th« county of Cumberland fov twelve months, and he wss only sorry thar, it did not include avery town iu the interior, and have an operation of three years ut least. He had no doubt that the Licensing Bill would form a matter for tho conaideratipn of Parliament at a very early dato ; and, if sleeted, he would support it, with the amendments ho thought it required, to tho utmost of his power, moro par- ticularly a «laúsa giving local option in regard to tho granting oí new licenses, ns ho thought, a man had no right to bring a buuiness to a neighbour, and injure the property, of that neighbour, without his having tho right to hold up his hands in opposition to tho thing. Ho voted for the bill appointing an additional Judge to tho Supreme Court for twelve months because two|of tho Judges were laid up, and it was n great inconvenience to tho public to have tardy justico. For tho bill to levy un export duty on wool he voted, because he had boon always of opinion that the pastoral tonnnta. of tho Crown never had paid a fuir rental for tho enormous blocks they occupied. (Cheers.) This was a tax to bo collected from thoso who, in his opinion, were best able to pay. It could bo collected at a small outlay; it was for a very short period, and to prevent any deficiency in the" revenue at tho end of tho year. Ile supported a bill having for its object the.rogulation of con- ditional and other purchases of Crown hinds-a meaaure of groat and vital importance to the country. With all his mind ho supported a bill to regulate tho Church and School lands of tho colony ; and although it required the sanction of the Queen,, he looked upon the thing as a settled question. A great number of . small bills wero introduced, usoful in thoir way,, and he gave them his support. The country hod to congratulate itself upon the numbers of usoful measures passed last session. Another question likely to occupy tho attontion of tho Parliament was that of the interest on free selectors balances. His own prospority was was identified with that of the free selectors ; but he would say this, that if there' was not another hand to ho raised against it, ho would raise his against tho remission of tho interest to tho extent of tho smallest coin of the realm. (Cheers.) Ho reniemherod ' that when some of these lands were taken up .tho parties thought that they had 'very good bargains. And he thought so too; and he was .'not therefore going to give up £-¡00,000 a year, which would soon be £450,000. He was in favour of-Government offer- ; .ing ¿ll contracts for work to'tkeir own nianiifacturers first." as ' jiabelifivßd, tW.lhflM"jiun£.juíis8M.b^ carry out tho public works. Ho would oven-gb''further, nm! givo them n small advance on "tho -English : cost ; but us a ireo-trador ho would not lovy 1 priitoetivo duties on their imports. Ho was "a free-trader. I'.o was in favour of tho creation of a munici- pality wlu'iover Ibero was population to justify it. ns that would havu thc cil'cct. of relieving Government from burdens lo a very considerublo extent. He wan also of opinion that tho municipalities already in exist rnco should bc further endowed. As u proof o' this, ho supported Jlr. Cohen in tho proposal to n.ove n motion in Parliament to that effect, tho motion, how- ever, bring withdrawn on tho Government taking thc matter into their own bands. He was in favour of tho , extension of mil ways. He would favour tho layingdown of tho trunk !iuosiivôt,'nlîhoii:;h he would not stonewall legisla- tion in favour of another linn. Hut ho would vote tor nothing ; until thoy got tho trunk lines, lt was only by pushing ! forward thoir railways that, they should bring the produce j of tho interior to 'sfydnoy tliat wont; by tho Darling i to South Australia, and' by tho Murray to Victoria, S and was shipped as thc produceof thoso colonies. In thinly populated districts ho would favour tho laying dowu "of tramways. (Uproar.) Ho had dono as much as any man to push forward tramways. Siuco being in Parliament ho had attended with twelve deputations on members of tho Government ; six in connection with tramway extension. lie looked upon tho means ot quick communication us tending to a higher civilization-find moral improvement,' \- Ho was totally opposed to Chinese immigration in any shape. There was a great gulf between them and I Europeans. As tax-payers tho Chineso wero mero myths. He lind been told they would livo on ld. or lid. a"day, whilst their own working pcoplo required £2 or £2 5s. per week. Whilst ho would oppose the introduction of inoro Chinóse,, ho would protect those already amongst them, sn long as thoy obeyed tho laws of tho land, lio had endeavoured to show them that although j I he had said nothing ho had donc a great deal in Parliament, t and he only trusted that tho next Parliament would havo SO j dummies, so long as they wero sensible business mon, for no j j doubt that composition would contribute to tho furtherance ! of legislation. j In reply to questions, tho candidato said that by all means ; ho would prefer a high-pressure to u low-pressure scheme of water supply; ho would tax absentees bj'ull means; ho would vote for no protective policy. I Mr. W. .T. ALLEN- (who ,was received with cheers) said ho hoped they would give him a fair and impartial hearing, ns he had given to tho other candidates. Ile had said no- thing ungentlemanly of any of them. Ho had not received any foi mal requisition to come out; but ho had personal requests from intelligent gentlemen as well aa from poorer members of thc community, with the. assurance that, being known so long ns ho had been, ho had nothing to fear from tho result of tho contest. Notwithstanding tho jeers and..sneers of som« against him, ho could any of himself that he would be no disgraco to them if he were elected. If ho received tho support ho had been pro-, ! inised, and ho had confidence in his fellow mon, no doubt ho i would bo elected. Ho should not be tho first of his name I in tho Parliament. Mr. "W. B. Allen, who had been j ; respected for his honesty and ability, hud given him an , l education in Mr. Capo's school, where somo of tho leading j ' men of the colony hud been educated ; and since ho had j dwelt in thc electorate, and ho defied any man to say that ¡ j they know thnt \V. J. Allen had done anything that was unfair or unjust to any mun. Knowing his character and position, if tiley thought he would do them justico, let them return him. Ho had asked no mari to voto for him. Ho wanted no man to give him a vote for any personal con-, sideration-from persunnl friendship. But only if thoy thought ho possessed tho ability and honesty to represent j thom, he asked them to return him. (Cheors.) Ho.wasin I favour of tho National Schools Act as it now stood. Ho j cunio to tho conclusion that it .was tho best Act .tliat I they conld have. Ho was no bigot, and .was open j to bo convinced that ho wns wrong. But as [ fur as ho saw, the National system was the best. ! Ho thought tho presout system of licensing public-houses a j most rascally ono. There was not the shadow of a ghost of truth thar, ho cams out under tho auspices of the licensed I victuallers, though that had been stated. Ho was not a teetofallor. He objected to tho niultiplicatioi. of public houses because they wore such a rource of temptation to tho young siwa of tilt colony. Respectable men only should bo allowed to heep thesa nouses. Tho local option principle .xas a really good oau-that th« people should nave tho power tliNt tho bunche* of magistrates now possessed. Ha believed in colonial industries. The Govarmoent was not worthy tho confidence, of tho people who would not foster industries until tkoao sngnged in thitaî. should ho ablo to stand again;1, the munufsutories of the world. (Cheori.). Until thor dfd that, what waro.thuy going to do .with their children ? Ono gontlomau nail! that they did not want tho peoprs in tho towns. He did. Ho hud a home to lot; (laughter)-and he did not want ths pooplo to go into tho country ; and there wei* olhsrs like himself. Lot the Government foster U-,e j,f¡sto;ul Mid free selectors' interacts, bat lat there alsc foster colonial manufactories. Ha alsn went in for fha legitimate protection of their com merciui interestc. Bat thsy wanted local industries for the buiefit of tho whole. Hs> did not they thhik ought to give np tho interest dr.» by tho free-selectors, who had'bought tho bsautifu! lands of thc country and ought topny their legal bargains. Tho" wotted immigration in this country. (Uprocr.) Ho telioved in. a steady stream of immigrants being brought into this country,when thoy could bo properly employed; bu; ha objected to their labour market beiig overwhelmed by immigrants There wero very few Chinese that at, herí ».et that had not displayed moro intelligence even thia .i iow ho had raet within tho Inst month or two. (Lichter.) .While ho thought they ought to bs treated juctly, it. waa e. great injustico to r.liow horde» of them to como hero for no other purpose than that of i'ae boo-to gather.tho honey. Thoy caine hers to lill theil- pockets with the weulth of this country thnt should be expended among them, lo carry it away to another country. They wero neither socially, mentally, nor 1». any other way suited to becoino members of a European community : aiirt for thestt reasons he would support any mensuro tn« would excltitl:- thean fror* the country. He believed in ar. e.b.wnlce las, to raak* nae» rolling in wealth which thoy ilva-'nsd fvom this country and spent in th* old coarîîfy-ecwinbi-.fo something to the préservation of ltL.7 sud order, ard the protection of their property. What mctia lrokuu' so poor aa it was, was tho landlords going away. Ho was in favour of a Civil service, for it yn.a ii rasca'lly shape for the exercise of patronago to push a mun over tho licud of a young man of ability trying to push himself forward. His principles, in short, were civil ami religion liberty ¿or all. (Cheers.) Mr. J. A. C.uir.OLL said that he was at a very great dis- advantage, ¡13 ho hvvd como out at the eleventh hour. How ovi.r, ho. felt very proud to bo asked by 250 people to coma forward, especially when ho saw among them, tho names ¿j K.a:iy mea of standing ; and though iv wus so late, he felt that'll* would sooner loee £40 then disappoint these people. First, ho hud to complain that destroying angels hod I pulled dov'n his billa - a most unmanly und. üuvjust act. (Uproar.) Kot ouly that, they put out a report that lw waa brought out by a cliqué. Any ono who know him knew that he could not be made.a tool of by anybody. If it were .not for the respect he hail gained, he would ¿ot be found tke-ro, nt tba ago of .27, ask- ing for their auä'rugca. (Ckeura.) If he were not elected, tkvouga coming out so lato, .bo would ut least havo had tho ! honour of hoing initiated, and might bo elected on tho. next occasion. The Chinese question he regarded ne one of the most important of tho day. From what, occurred at tho time of the disorder with tho A. S. N. Company, and ivhat thoy might see in Lower Georgo-street, where thirty or forty oi the Chinese lived togother, these people were clea riv n-it of it character thnt ought to livo in the country. Î Ii would bo fur better to clear thom from the country altogether if they could clo so, but tnat was not possible. Ho would put a* pull tax of £20 on.thom when they came into the cuuntry, and £20 or £50 every yeur thereafter. They burro wad tho ourth and took tho gold away .while they con- tributed nothing to the revenue.- They left nothing hero, end it was said of thom thut even when they died hero thoy would not lotivo their bones lest they should manure the soil. The absoatoiis ought io be taxed. Wherever a man's wealth wan, thora ho ought to ho himself. Ho was in favour of a wheel tax for many reasons, tho chief ono being, fust tollbars hed become mi obnoxious nuisance. To tho Prcas ho would give greater liberty-, for it wrns necessary that the Press should be free, otherwisa thora would, he many scandals luiredressod. Ho had often thought that technical schools should bo established for tho cultivation of tho intellect of the people. This was a matter that should bo dono by the Government. Ho need hardly tell them that he waa opposed to the remission of interest to the free selectors. Thoy could not afford to lose a quarter of a million by fciving up interest. Ho was in favour of an Upper House, ,but he would have it an elective not a nominee Jiouse. Ha was well up in matters of free trado and protection. Ho ! contended that they should have a protective,tariff to foster colonial industries. Then people with capital would'-beM induced to come out hore and establish.industries, and im- migrants might then be encouraged to come. If thoy had i a nroper protectionist aohemo, they might havo an immi ! gration scheaio. Ho was in favour of tramways ; but the j Government in carrying them out should compensate tho ; poor omnibuti owners. Speaking so late, ho had had to I connunsehia views. As many of tho electors as approved of j them hs asked to vote for him. ¡ In reply to questions Mr. CARROLL aai& he -would givo ¡the Education Act a fair trial, and would not co ns eût to I disturb it next session, ho behoved in tho Kenny Hill water ? sc-hemo ; ho was not in favour of the payment of members. I Tho liKTUiiN-i.N'G-Oia-icwi then called for a show of ! hands, and declared it to he in favour of Messrs. Trickett j anti Allen. Mr. Haslet demanded a poll. . I A vote of thanks io the chairman and cheers to the Queer ¡ terminated the proceedings. -' ' - 