ME S CE 0 j li A « SJ & . Millions of- locusts havo passed through' Gawlor Town towards Adolaido. Thoy aro' fortunately too lato to injure the crops. Positively, aftor a longthy discussion, tho British authorities at homo sent a telegram to- \ -. tho Cage -to convoy the important decision that Cotewayo need not wear trousers. Last Tuosday wook (says tho Cfundagai Times) ? ? Mrs. Bowon, widow of the late Constablo Bowon, mined to grant lior a pension of £75 per annum for 10 years. Tho sum appears to' be quito', inadequate, but it must bo recollected- that tho' Govornmont are guided by Certain rliles in such matters. .' - ? . ' ' . ' Amongst naval mon in' England tho appoint ment of the' Duko of Edinburgh to tho' post of ? ' Admiral Superintendent of .tho naval reserves' ? is very strongly criticisod... Tho office is ail abso- . lute sinocure, with a salary of £1000 per annum, . . and it is thought that, if not abolished, it Ought 1 ? to havo booh givon to' some old weather atid war worn t'ar. The new lodge-room of tlio Lodge Macquario' (Masonic), Ditbbo, wiis opened and consecrated at noon on Saturday. Dr. Tibbits, tho Wor shipful Master, officiated, supported by Past . Masters M'Diarmid, Guidice, Jones, and Wardens Bertram, and G. H. Taylor, mayor. Immediately after the consocration ceremony a- . banquot was held at the Post-office Hotel. Tho lodge-room' is magnificently finished and fur-: nisued. The' pubhc hall attached .to tlio lodgo was oponed by a ball .on Monday night. The building' cost nearly £5000, and was consfructcd by Messrs. Moffatt and Co. — Evening News. ThE-'CONDEMNED BUSHRANGEHS.r-But littlo'. ehango is apparent in tho demoanour of the con- ?' demnod criminals, Scott and Eoj-an. The formei1' is rather' sevoroly taxing tlio'stationbiy resources of Darling;hurst, and occupies his time writing voluminous letters to tho sheriff, ' complaining that ho has not had a fair trial. Most of tho ? letters merely recapitulate tho statements he' mftdo at tho trial, and in others ho endeavours to explain away the evidence adduced. He is veiy attentive to the ministrations of Canon Eich, and' is -also frequently visited by Mrs. Gregory. Bogan, whose real name' is Bakor; and whoso parents residb noar Melbourne, has written' to his father for tho first time sinco hiB arrest. — Evening News. ?.Two Children Drowned; — Tho Sombala //er«?(Z roports that a sad and fatal accident bo fel two children, the sons of Mr. William Scott, of Delegate; aged respectively 8 and 10 years. It would appear that these two children, in com pany with a third boy,' went near tho bank of the; Church Creek-, and tho younger one unfortu nately fell ovor tliobank into a deop waterholo. The elder brothor, full of courage for his years, at oncOcjumped into the holo to save his brother, but unfortunately got out of his dopth, and both wore drowned. The third boy ran homo, about 300 yards distant, and gavo tho alarm. Tho father wont down without a moment's dolay, and got his two unfortunato boys out of tho wator, but they were found to bo quito dead. Gross Ignorance. — Tho Forbes Times of Saturday says:— A gontloman who camo up from tho Lower Laehlan by coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst tho passengers was a young man, 22 years of age, who was constantly making use of the most blasphomous' language, very much to tho annoyance of his fellow trtivollors. Upon boing roproved and questioned as to why lie mado uso of such terms so irrovorontly ho seemed surprised, and ulti mately admitted that he only know tho words ' God,' ' Josus Christ,' and ' Holy Ghost,' as' terms too commonly used in profane swearing. Ho did not know who mado him ; had not tho remotest idea of a Supreme Being, and in fact evinced tlio darkest ignoranco ontnll such mat ters. And yot this a man who has a vote in the representation of tho country, and who might any day bo called upon to act as a juryman. If thoso aro tho mon we are rearing and who will somo day form integral parts of our Colonial Empire, tho soonor wo havo tho compulsory clause at work in our Educational system, the' bettor. Wreck of tiie Agnes Irving. — The' Claronco and Biclunond Biver Steam Navigation Company's paddle-steamer Agnes Irving, 440 tons, Captain M'Gec, whilo attempting to ontor tho Macleay Heads, on Sunday last, took the ground, and wont on tho South Spit. The' onginos bocamo disabled, and sho is now likely to becomo a total wreck. Tho Agnes Irving loft Sydnoy on Thursday at 1 p.m., having on board somo twolvo passengers and a light cargo for the Macleay Biver. Tho disabling of tho' ship's ongines will rondor hor position a most critical ono, and sho will bo almost certain to break up in the first heavy sea. The loss will bo a severe ono to tho C. and E.B.S. Co., as the vessel is onlv covered by insurance in tho sum of £9000 in Motcalf's ofiico, and most of this is reinsured in othor offices. Tho Agnes Irving was built in England in 18G2 spocially for hor presont owners. Sho wus a vossol of 440 tons register and 140 horso-powor. About a month sinco tho company oxponded tho sum of £4500' . in putting tho ship in most officiont soa-going; order. Hor value wasabout £12,000. — Monday's- Echo. ? 