-. ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY, AUGUST 19, 1880. OUR metropolitan contemporary, the Telegraph, smarts under the chastise- ment we lately felt called upon to ad- minister to him. The editor denies being influenced by the " Bulimba ring," which, he declares, has no existence, and he retorts with insinuations as to steel rail and other rings in which members of the Government are concerned. Well, we discard the opprobious epithet, " Bulimba ring," and will refer to the gentlemen as a number of landowners! who have an exaggerated opinion of the' value of their property, and are influenced by a consuming desire to sell it to the State for railway purposes. It is quite certain that the action of the Govern- ment in regard to compensation for lands resumed for railways has given un- pardonable offence to these gentlemen, whose case is evidently sympathised with by the Telegraph. These facts, we think, justify our remark that said Tele- graph had fallen under a certain in- fluence. We were possibly rather Severe, but the provocation was great. Tiie editor of the Telegraph had been doing his best for weeks past to prove that the first "commoner" in the colony was worse than a vulgar pick- pocket. Now this was not only defamatory it was unpatriotic and wicked. The Telegraph could see nothing to excuse-not to say justify the Premier. Had he been a convicted thief, more dastardly imputations could not have been cast upon him than were daily belched forth by the flatulent and putrid writer who vended defamation by the yard to the proprietors of the Telegraph. We say that the Premier has received from several of the southern journals foul and cowardly treatment; and if we dealt severely with the Tele- graph, it was because we felt keenly the mischief that was being done to the colony by the dissemination of wicked slanders upon our public men. The Telegraph twits us with adhering to the present Government ; and im- putes sordid bias because of our pre- sumed connection with a Minister of the Crown. Were our conversion as sudden as one of the Telegraph's changes of doctrine, this insinuation might be offensive. As it is we accept it as an involuntary compliment. The date of this joumarspartyconnectionnowextends over some years. Its editor always was a Liberal in the sense of recognizing in its fullest sense the political equality of every honest and reputable man, whatever his occupation or position. But ten years since we found Liberalism in this colony a mere mask worn by voracious political lawyers and reckless office seekers- men who without contending for an intelligible principle entered upon a course of obstruction against what in the then untoward circumstances of the colony appeared to us to be the only possible Government. We found the ostensibly reforming party-that is, the professed Liberals torn by dissension, and- utterly unworthy of public confi- dence ; while, on the other hand, we saw, Mr. Palmer at the head of a strong willed Government ready with Liberal measures calculated to prove of great public advantage. After repeatedly warning the Liberals, to no effect, we ultimately pronounced for a. fair trial for ' Mr. Palmer. We have never seen reason to regret that step. We have found true Liberals on both sides of the House, but are still of the opinion which led to' our change of front more than nine years ago, that the more reputable, useful, and trustworthy of our public men gravitate towards the so- called Conservative side. Wc do not wish to make odious comparisons, and fully recognise the high qualities of some of our professed Liberals; at the same time, we ask the editor of the Telegraph whether, in capacity for legislation, in attention to the details of administration, and in the possession of those qualities most to be desired in public men, the Ministerial side of the Legislative Assembly is not superior to the Opposi- tion side? The "residuum" unques- tionably gravitates towards professed Liberalism, because a man may be a drivelling sot whom no one would trust with a pound, and be entirely wanting in the qualifications for public life, and still enjoy the " confidence " of his con- stituents if he will but subscribe to the popular shibboleth. We honestly avow a preference for the Ministerial side, but we never descend to scattering de- famatory imputations broadcast in order to destroy confidence in the integrity of the public men who are attached to the Opposition party, but are entrusted with delicate and important duties and responsibilities. As to our trying to excite ill-blood between north and south, we cannot admit the imputation. But it is a preg- nant fact that for five years, during which there were constant Ministerial changes and reconstructions, not a single member representing a central or nor- thern constituency was invited, or could be induced, to join the late Govern- ment. It is another singular fact that during the same period, when most unfit Brisbane men were appointed to the Legislative Council, no member was appointed whose interests or sympathies extended north of Moreton Bay. We are anxious to see the colony heartily united and all geographical jealousies cease, but we cannot admit that Bris- bane should rule Queensland. Another singular fact is that although the present Ministry command a strong majority in the Legislative Assembly, and we believe also a large majority in the country except within the metro- politan district, they are denied the commonest fair play in the Brisbane journals. The Courier's leading article of Thursday and Friday both contained gross representations reflecting on the policy of the Government. The writer excites contempt by these misstatements in the minds of well-informed per I sons, who perceive that the editor of the leading journal has fallen under the influence of some unscrupulous person rather cleverer than himself. But the tone of the journals proves that they are all labouring under the 1 unwholesome pressure of a mass meeting atmosphere, and that they in no way reflect the intelligent public opinion of the colony. When they, by virtue of broad and cosmopolitan sympathies, i display ability to impartially promote the well-being of the whole colony, then we may hope to see Liberals working heartily together, and Conservatives left to their own devices. But at present a Conservative party prepared with Liberal measures is decidedly what every true Queenslander should be disposed to tolerate, even if his antecedents or political connections do not admit of his giving it a generous support. 1 THE Fitzroy Bridge is daily presenting new evidence that the work is now fast approach- ing completion. The masonry will very soon bc finished, and will, we think, have a very pretty appearance when the caps are in place. Mr. Harris has worked the whole of the masonry portion of the bridge single-handed, that is to say, he has dressed and laid erery stone of it, and we think it will be admitted that he has done remarkably well. The operation of hoisting the transoms is going on very satisfactorily also, Mr. Byerley having nt work two steam winches to assist in the lifting. Tho painting of the piers is being continued, and altogether there is an appear- ance of considerable business on the bridge works, i YESTERDAY two lunatics named Bridget Daly and Elizabeth Armitage were, on the evidence of Drs. Salmond and Robertson, ordered to be sent to Woogaroo Asylum. A MAX named Robert J. Broomfield, was arrested yesterday at tho Railway Hotel by Detective Clarke, on a charge of having obtained goods and money from a number of tradesmen by false pretences. He will be brought up this morning. AT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, John Lelland, a Kanaka, was charged with unlawfully absenting him- self from tho hired service of Mr. Lupton. Mr. D'Arcy, who appeared for the com- plainant, stated that if the boy returned to his work his client was willing to take him back. The boy consented aud waa dis- charged. WE havo had shown to us by Dr, Thon some specimens of tho leaf and fruit of a very deadly Chinóse plant, which is being largely used by Chinese gardeners in the distriot as a fence against the trespass of fowls. The leaf is R very peculiar one, being studded along what we may describe as tho various arteries with long sharp prickles. These exist on both sides, and naturally form an impregnable defence to the plant. The fruit is about thc sizo of a plum, is in colour a bright vormillion, and very attractive to thc eye. Like the leaf it is protected along the stem by any number of prickles. We are told that the whole plant is a rank poison, and it would be well, therefore, that parents should caution their children against having anything to do with it. A CASE was heard yesterday before the Police Magistrate in which John Crabbe sued EU Barker for detinue. Tho plaintiff alleged that Barker was illegally detaining a dog belonging to his daughter, and which he valued at thc modest sum of £7. Five witnesses were examined in support of the complaint, and although in their evidence-in chief they showed a remarkable unanimity, yet when they were submitted to the test of cross-examination they prevaricated a good deal,.and the Police Magistrate had to caution them several times as to the loose way in which they were giving their evidence. At the close of the plaintiffs case and without calling upon the defendant, a verdict was given in his favour, the Police Magistrate remarking that thc Crabbes were "a very crabbed family." Mr. Lyons, who defended, asked for costs, remarking that his client contd, if called on, have proved his possession of thc dog since it was a pup, and in fact that he had himself reared it. Costs amounting to £1 Cs. were then granted. Mr. Melbourne appeared for the plaintiff. TUE usual fortnightly sittings of the Small Debts Court was held yesterday before the Police Magistrate. In the following unde- fended cases judgment was given for the plaintiffs :-Fox and Tagg v. Surenne, money paid £13, costB £3 1B. (Mr. Lyons appeared for the plaintiffs) ; J. Pattison and Co. e. J. Scott, goods Bold £7 10s. Sd., costs £1 15s.; Same v. S. Singleton, goods sold £28 4s, 7d., costs 10s, ; J. Rutherford v. J. Nolan, goods sold £1014s., costs 15s.; J. Delaney, purchaser of book debts in H. Cooke's estate ti. J. Gough, goods sold £1 2s. 8d,; Same v, John Hall, goods sold £1 ls., costs 7s. Od.; 6, Jessop v. Deverell, board £1 11s., costs 10s.; Patrick Egan ti. M'Gregor, goods sold £3 6B. 2d., costs 10s,; Sam Young v. Jane Peace, goods sold £2 5s, lld., costs 10s.; H. Schmidt v. Dunbar, goods sold £15 3s., costs 11s.; Caporn and Fitzmaurice v. S. Singleton, goods sold £30, costs 10s. 6d.; G. Hallam v. Stephen Egan, goods sold £4 Os. ld., costs 10s. A defended case, C. Miller v. C. M'Veigb, for £29 for dentention of a dray, was adjourned to thia morning; ondT. Bevis v. Dillon and South, for £4 ls., wages, was adjourned for a month. THE report on the Queensland Department of Mines for 1S79 has been issued, and occu- pies twenty-seven full pages. The total yield of gold for the Northern Division was 239,637 ounoes, compared with 259,456 in 1878 ; for the Central Division (Clermont, Fort Curtie, and Gladstone fields) 1517 ounces, as com- pared with 1205 ounces in 1878 ; and for the Southern Division 40,695 in 1879, as compared with 42,800 ounces in 1878. The decrease, we regret to find, amounts to 21,056 ounces, which at £3 10s, per ounce represents a falling off of £73,696. But Mr. Lukin points out \- that although it would appear on superficial examination that this ÍB a very serious decline in the gold yield of the colony, it must be noticed that tho alluvial workings on the Palmer show a diminished pro- duction of 30,233 ounces. ThiB was to be expected, the report Bays, as the bcd of the Palmer River (the principal deposit of alluvial gold) and its auriferous tributaries had already been to a considerable extent worked over re- peatedly, and consequently, unless new auriferous ground were discovered, a decrease in tho yield was to bo anticipated. Mr. Lukin says that although there has been a considerable decrease in the quantity of alluvial gold produced, it hos not been from the individual earnings of the alluvial miner being less than in the previous year, but from the decrease in the numbers of that class of miners. There has been more gold pro- duced on the Palmer relatively to the number of miners working during 1879 than there was during the previous year. Thia is accounted for by thc improved system upon which the Chinese now work, that is, in large gangs sluicing, instead of, as formerly, in small parties cradling, and by the discovery of several new patches of ground which, although of small extent and soon worked out, yet yielded large returnB. There has been a decrease of 230 in tho number of European quartz miners and of 213 Euro- pean alluvial miners during the year ; while of Chinese rainers the falling off has been 5235\. The Palmer field heads the list in the average yield per ton, which is given at 2oz. ldwt. 13gre.; and Gladstone comes next with a yield of 1 oz. 12 dwts. 18 grs. The average earnings of quartz miners on each of tho six principal fields have been as follow :-Charters Towers £280 ; Gympie £190 ; Hodgkinson £317 ; Ravens- wood £220; Palmer £330; and Etheridge and Gilbert £145. The goldfields revenue was £16,674 13s. 9d" a decrease of £3484 lGs. lld., compared with 1873, and thc total value of the plant and machinery employed in the colony is put down at £270,090. Dealing particularly with the Gladstone goldfield tho Warden's report says : " On these fields there has been a rich reef struck this month by Heokcy, Welch and Welch, named 'Advance,' returning 15J ounces per ton, hut whether it is only surface or not I cannot say. However, on these fields there are only two reefs paying at present, viz.: Who would have thought it' which gav« very handsome retama1 last year, and the reef ' Advance,' which is close to the one previously, namod. Cania goldfielda are almost deserted, there being only three men at present there, who reported lately having struck a reef of payable gold, and produoed some extremely rich specimens, but have had no crushing yet owing to want ol machinery." TOE Wide Bay Newt says it is rumoured on good authority that the whilom assistant clergyman to St. James's, Toowoomba, the Rev. Thomas Jones, has gone over to tho church of Rome. THE thirty-second monthly meeting of the Rockhampton Building Society No. 7 was held last evening at the offices of tho Secretary, Mr, R, L. Dibdin, Directors present-Messrs. R, Sharples and G. Bletcher. Thesnbscriptions received amounted to £117 Ids. ld. Two advance shares were sold at fourteen per cent. AT a meeting of the Committee of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, Mr. Jardine in the chair, and the following members being in attendance, vis. :-Messrs. Jackson, Cum- mins, Flynn, Fitzmaurice, Milman, Rutherford, Lyone, and J. Pattison-it was proposed by Mr. Jardine and seconded by Mr. Pattison that Mr. Jackson be thc Chairman of Committees ; proposed by Mr. Milman and seconded by Mr. Flynn "That Mr. T. T. Faunce be Hon. Treasurer ;" and proposed by Mr. Cummins and seconded by Mr. James Rutherford that Mr. H. W. Risien be Secre- tary ; and all the motions were agreed to. The meeting then adjourned. TUE Rev. R. Sellors announces that he will deliver a lecture this evening in the Kent street Wesleyan Church, on " An Evening in Palestine, with a brief account of late Ex- plorations." The rev. gentleman has the reputation of being a first-class lecturer ; and thc admission being free there should be a large attendance. Messrs. Lloyd and Lovell announce that they will canvass Rockhampton for advertise- ments for the International Exhibition Directory during the remainder of the week. MIRACULOUS ESCAPE.-On the voyage of the Grasmere from London to Sydney, on July 5, says the Eoening Nam, an apprentice fell from the main royal yard to the deck without being injured ! The height thc boy fell was 150ft ! Wc have known a man to fall a distance of 80ft., from the main-top to the 3uartcr-deck of a linc-of-battlo ship, but he id no more work for Her Majesty. SVMPATTIY FOR NED KELLY.-A contributor to a Victorian country paper, speaking of tho sympathy for Ned Kelly, says :-'* I find it exists to a shameful extent, and there is talk in some quarters of a petition for the arch scoundrel's reprieve. So blunted is the sense of right and wrong in the minds of a great body of the public, such a petition would receive thousands of signatures." THE ALLEOED CURE FOR DRUNKENNESS. Dr. C. W. Earle, an American physician, has been examining the validity of the claim made in Chicago for chinchona as a specific for thc euro of drunkenness. The Lancet quotes a statement in a New York medical journal to the effect that the result of Dr. Earle's investigation is that chinchona treatment made more drunkards in tho past year than any one liquor saloon. " LAYING A GHOST."-An exchange says : " A ghost has recently appeared in Bathurst, New (South Wales. An enterprising fellow occupied a building which waa under offer for sale, and in order to depreciate its value, he tried to give it an unenviable reputation, and fave it out that it was haunted with spirits, or several nights a figure in a white sheet was seen moving about the grounds, and timid people became terrified. This scheme succeoded for a time, until a young man passed tho spot late one night, when ne saw something. The yoong man was alarmed, and in his fright stood motionless in the street, when seeing the "spirit" moving towards him, he became still more alarmed. He had with him a faithful dog, and, calling the animal by name, told him to "take to him." The dog obeyed his master's command, and mado straight for the "spirit," who, noticing the turn matters had taken, endeavoured to seek shelter in the house ; but before he had gone far tho dog seized the sheet with which he was covered, tearing it from top to bottom and exposing to view the body of the man. The dog then made for his legs, and gave the ghost some severe bites. The spirit tried to kick the dog off, and while doing this, the young man, who by this time hod recovered from his fright, threw a stone at him that caught him in the small of the back. Tho additional pain caused hy this blow, made the man cry aloud, and use language the reverse of polite. The ghost having got thc worst of it, the property may realise something like its value. 