CLAY FOOTPATHS. To THE EDITOR OF THE WEST AUSTRALIAN. SIR-From your report of a late City Council meeting, I see that it is the intention of the councillors to form clay footpaths in Brisbane and Mangles Streets. I have not the ghost of an idea as to where either Brisbane or Mangles Street is, but I have no doubt that many respectable persons live in those thoroughfares. It is very probable that their footpaths may be sandy and unpleasant to walk upon ; it is even possible that they may have no footpaths at all, and that they have consequently requested the City Council to provide them with this most needed convenience. But, if such is the case, surely when they ask for bread, it is cruel mockery to give them a stone or, rather, clay. If they complain of weary wading throughheavyjSand in summer, why treat them with unmerited irony and give them a clay puddle for winter. of I have seen these day footpaths have walked on them or rather-attempted to do so. I have stumbled over their rough hard baked surface in summer, and stuck in the cling- ing ooze of them in winter, and declare them to be the most absurd and stupid invention of a disordered civic imagination, that the world ever saw. I suppose the city fathers think anything is good enough for the back streets, but why, in the name of all that is reasonable, won't they leave us alone with clay in the front ones ? I suppose they would say there is no other material to use. If such is the case, it is certainly very unfortunate. But in some places they have adopted a different material, and one that has answered most admirably. The footpath from the Government buildings along St. George's Terrace as far as Dr. Waylen's corner, upon which river shell has been laid, is a model of what a footpath should be clean and dry, and pleasant to walk upon ; whereas the footpaths; beyond, towards the Causeway, in which the clay element greatly predominates, is a model of all that in footpaths should most studiously be. avoided sticky, sloppy, and wretched in winter and well powdered with dust in the. summer. Why cannot this shell be more extensively used P Failing good gravel, no better material can apparently be found. Probably the answer would be that the shell is required for extend- ing the recreation ground between the jetties. For the substratum of this ground it may do very well, but where trees are to be grown, shell is scarcely the best soil in which to plant them and I would make a suggestion, neither new nor original, which, if carried out, would enable the recreation ground and the streets to make a happy exchange, to the benefit of each. There are tons upon tons of stuff on each side of St. George's and Adelaide Terraces that sadly wants scraping off and removing, and which would form a splendid material to lay on the recreation ground. Why should not the shell be carted up for the footpaths, and this stuff be carted down to replace it The footpaths would benefit, and the recreation ground would benefit, and belated citizens, no longer struggling in the dark through slime and mine, would cease that muttered and objectionable language, which they are in the habit of using as-now splashing into a puddle, now sinking ankle deep in soft sticky mud- they'grope along their clay, footpaths, and swear that at the next election they will certainly turn out the councillors | who represent their wards Yours truly, J A CITIZEN. Perth, May 25th.. . . . ., t 