Revenge is Sweet' la the years that have fled for ever'since you and I lirst met', The long years of hopoless passion, the long years of vain regret, .' . I had fondly dreamed, oh ! Philip, that I had mastered quite That heart that rises up once more— — Pitu.ir Darklky, reading those verses of. passion and regret, had almost com pleted the third verse, when a voice, proceeding from out the shadow of a big straw hat, very much pulled down over the eyes, and appertaining to Miss Star Lester, commanded him to cease. 1 Stop I' it said. ' Are you aware, Philip, that you have read thoso same vorses to me not less than a dozen times this summer? . Now,'—in a tone half serious, half whimsical,—'l am ready to uudorgo the repetition of some love stories' (herb the straw had lifted enough'.to allow a sweet glance from two brown eyes to meet Mr. Darkley's gray ones) ' but when you read to me the words of a maiden who sits upon . the sands, and bemoans the desertion of.. a youth named Philip—read it, I say, until I can repeat it from memory —I choose to consider it monotonous, if not a .reflection upon mysolf or my possible conduct, should the future liold for me a similar fate.' After which long speech, Miss Lester lapsed into silence and obscurity again, and Mr. Darkley, with an ex pression of countenance ?wherein a' Bmjlo and a frown vied for mastery, made"reply, ' You don't moan to say yon dialiko the poetry, which I can affirm I havo not read to you more than three times, Star, but that you object to the sentiments the maiden expresses ; and that both sentiment /and conduct, as it is hero denoted, is ,'far different from what yours will bo iv. case. I should leavo you as did her ?' lover.'.-; :;;'?:' ..-;?..?. ?? ... ' . ?,* Exactly so,! quoth Star. 'Yon aro excellent, at intreprotation; If you should desert mc, Phil, do you suppose /.would come back here on this beach, and moan and cry ? Po you think . thatjoven to myself, I would bemoan the man who had cast mc from him, orbreathe such sentiments of submis sion and invitation over land or sea to you ? Do yon really think I would, Phil?' ? ? Philip looked fur out across, the ?waving bluo of the sea, and thought steadily for. a long time before ho . answered her; and, in the meanwhile, Star watched him closely fiom beneath ? tho shelter of her hat, with eyes in which the love-light could not entirely .' outshino the mischief; for she was a born coquette, this Star Lester, and loved dearly to try her power of teasing her big, jealous lover. ? ? ' ; ' No, , Star ;,. I don't,' Philip nnewered, at last. 'I am afraid you would not care half as much as I could Tmli. ? Sometimes, now, I a in afraid ' you don't love me.' ' ..'Why, Phil? , r ' . V. .?...?, Tho v ,shadowing hat was pushed back instantly, disl-los.iug tlie dark, |ii6triresqn&; face,' tlie starry eyes anir fwaving.Lair, nsiri-n straw , 'fratne; ; ;Tho 'face'\;wa6.several shades' graver,' iii.. iniitivtio; l ' -of Mr. , ' Darkley's ; tlnrkeneil .countenance; and Star reached across; arid;laid lier -small brown hand in ' ! "hiaLr : '---^- ; - : - " ; . v -??/-'.-.:>: ?: ? ? wiiy, Phil ?*????:. '.. ? - :.: At the touch Philip's face changed," and ho looked down to,' meet the. reproachful brown eyes.- ; A moment after,' tjie whole.position of affairs was bhaugedi- Miss' Lester assuming the rule of injured party.- ??'-"'? - ?''"?'... , : .'There, forgive'me, Stella; lama suspicious brute,' I know,' said Phil,, completely subdued by Star's dieplay of: a rosy mouth very much drawn dowivat tho corners, and a suspicion of. tears in the dark eyes: Big, strong follow he was, a tear would floor J. him at any time, which wicked 'little Star Lester well.know.: . \ ' : .After she; had' been ? sufficiently pursutvded, she smiled again, andthon pursued :her inquiry. ?? .-??-..','.?' ' ? ,'But why don't you believe I dove you, Phil ?' : ?" '.;?:.. ?;?'? '?'??'? ':. ?Oh, you do; I know you do, Stella J But yoii flirt outragoously at times, you uiust confess.' , . '.Well, it is right under your very: eyes,..you'.jealous boy; and what if I do dance, with Charlie Floriner ? He ; knows my cousin Ploy, and I love to. talk of' her; and I am sure you are .very-., attentive to Clara- Graham-and ? Alma Dentley.' ? ? 'But,' said Phil, with.emphasis, 'I don't look at them from under my eye lashes as if they were- the.only ones upon earth.; nor do I bestow my bouquet upon them with a smile, as if my heart wero in it; nor--——-' ' Hush !' said Star; .' as if you could— : r' . 'And,' pursued Phil, ' aro you cure all your flirting is done in the sight of everyone? Don't you do any in private, Star ?' ? . ' ' N-no, of course not,'said my lady, conscious in her. guilty little soul she was fibbing, yet solacing herself with the thought it wasn't very untrue; and then, a wavo of contrition at the necessity rushing ovorher, right'there on the beaoh, but under the shelter of a big umbrella, she flung her; arms aroundPliilDarkley'sneck, and hugged him tightly. '.'. Oh, you great big Phil; I love you forty million times better than any man in tho world I Don't you ever doubt me' again. Would I embrace you here in broad daylight if I didn't? , . And Philip viewed her ecstatically; and, forgettiug alike-, the uuibrolla and the natural exaggeration of her char actor, accepted the proof, and vowed never to doubt again. . ? Philip Darkley, handsome, wealthy, and twenty-four years of age, had gone to this rather quiet seaside resort, upon the beach of which we find him. lie was the bearer of both a letter of in troduction to Mrs. Lenfrow, and a private warning againet tho ensnaring qualities of the young lady she had in charge—none other than Miss Stella Lester. : Both letter and caution had been given him by a disinterested old fogy, a cousin of his mother. ??<:? The letter served him well, as it put him at once upon a friendly footing with the pleasant, aristocratic oircle of which Mrs. Lenfrew was the leader. Tho warning, as is usually the case, had hot the effect intended; for it caused him to noto attentively tho young lady denounced by his Ancient relative as a heartless, unscrupulous flirt, and looking with rapid transition came to loving, and he did lovelier, honestly, fervently, jealously, that be ?witchiug, spoiled Star Lester. Compare the two temperaments. Philip, proud, passionate, with a heart where there was little medium between love and hato, and where there had been sown, ere ho met Star, a seed of distrust, which still had a feeble life; —Stnr, whosincochildhoodhad known no guide, save the impulses of her own life, no check save conscience ,* who had never been tutored to yield a wish or conquer an impulse; who was inde pendent and wilful, yet withal had a loving, tender heart. There was a ball in progress at the hotel that evening. She was radiant in pale, lomon-coloured crape, with a half-blown cloth-of-gold rose in hor dark hair. Phil had had his first waltz, and had seen hor borne away by Charles Floriner, without the usual twinge of jealousy, having a romoin brauco of tlioso vows and seals given him upon the sands. He did the polite and agreeable to several Indies, young and old, and then went in search of his betrothed, to claim a waltz. ." Star was not to bo found. Finally, after a fruitless search of some fifteen ?minutes, ho proceeded to the south parlour, which had been-suggested as a probable plaoo. Now the south parlour was devoted to tete-a-tetes, generally of a flirtatious nature, and Philip hardly Wished to find Star there. Tho rooni was ompty and dimly lighted. Surely thero was Stnr, but ho stopped, and at thu sight he saw, all the dormant jealousy of his heart roused. Star, his betrothed, was standing with both her hands clasped in Charlie Floriner's, and she said, smiling up so sweetly to him, " I am so very, very happy, Charlie." Then Phil's'brow grow black and stern, and ?jealousy mounted from his heart and ruled his brain, for Charlie Floriner answering, ' And I too, Star, , stooped and kissed her—Phil's darling—upon the fair white brow. . Phil did not move ; he heard Star bid Floriner send him to her, and saw the gontleman leave the room. Then Star, turning, saw him with his dark fuce and blazing eyes. ' Oh, Phil!' fiho cried, and stopped, frightened and amazed—and then all of Phil's passion burst forth. ' I have boon tlicro at that door, learn ing whal n fiitil I have been. You need not trouMo yourself to speak'—scornfully. f .l would not lielinv'o you if you did.' . 'Oh, Phil, Phil,'—Siht's fuce was dusky pule as .hlj'c clasj'Uii bin sloiivp,-—'listen [ one moment 1 I——' But ' Pbil unclasped ( the Httlu Imnda, and clashed away, leaving her white and breathless, looking' at tho door through which ho had gone. . ' Darkley went straight from tlio. hotel to tho railway otAtion. Ho wont first to Paris, tra rolling xestlessly, aim lesaly, always dark-browed and stern, try ing to' lay to rest that ghost which ho boasted would bu eo easy a matter, but which proved a remarkably lively orio, first cousin (it least to ' Banquo'a ghost,' ?which would never down. And Star Lester—well, she didn't die; she did not waste awaylb'a shadow, nor mope. After that week of reproachful roviow in her own Worn, when oho was unable to see anyone, she made hor the'old Star 5 never a word said she to the thickly-plied questions of frionds, 'interested and - disinterested. ? 'Everybody'said Stella Letter had jilted Phil Darkley. ' Everybody' Imd prodie . ted alio would, and wosn't a bit surprised ; so she took Charlie Florinbr'B reproaches as she did tho rest, and made no sign ; for; Star waa proud. She clenched her white' teeth many a; night, and said,' 'Thoyshall never know ; lie shall never knpw. He didu't love me, or lie would not have doubted me so. And yet I was so wicked, and did flirt : and ho wsb so big, and true, and joaloii? 1. Maybe iie will liear—— Oh, Phil, Phil I' And then the truo wbman'a heart," which Philip hud'said did not exist, would throb, and ache for awhile j but Star flirted and made no sign—they do say ; flirted moro, and was gayer than ever. When theseason was over, .Star went . down in the country to visit her aunt's (Jear friend, . Mrs. Clennan, to spend a month in the country with a lot more . people, and recruit from tho effects of tho whirl -of gaioty, whi.cli had made hor rather pale, and added to the weariness of the browu eyes and the witchery. : The. country air took effect with a celority which awoko in her aunt tho deepest amazement. A lialf-hour after their; arrival blio blooomed out hor brightest and gayest. Had Mrg. Lawrence remembered the name, she might have attributed it to tho information Mrs. Clon nan had given ; for in naming her guests she mentioned Mr. Darkley, a gentleman her son. had .brought home with him from the Continent. Philip had gone down tp the parlour rather early,' was alone thore awhile, and then Star Lester entered, three times moro winsome, moro lovely, with her glowing cheeks and smiling eyes. Sho passed him ; then 1 following her aunt up the room, and looking up with a half-startled glance, coloured. He bowed stiffly in return, and turned to' attend to what Miss Graham was paying—(hat young lady had been talking with praise worthy zoal. over since Star's entrance, well awaro that he heard not ono .word ; but in spite of himself his oyb would follow that slight, graceful figuro in its progress np the room. 'She doosn't enr'o for you at' all,' ho told himself. ' She is false as false can bo !' ' ! don't caro for him at oil !' Star said.' 'His has treated mo unjustly. But, oh I if I could only make him loveuie, just to revengo tho slight he has put upon mo 1 I will make him care again !' sho thought —for revengo. One day, after a walk upon which Star had been unusually trying, Philip arrived at the conclusion that lie .'must go—no matter what anyone thought, ho would go—and, firm in that resolve, ho descended to spend his last evening in sight of that false, sweet face. The night was chilly, and there was a glowing coal fire in tho library, and there, after tea, all the young people gathered to sit in the firelight. Star was thore, iquito as bright as ever, notwithstanding tho good cry sho had indqlged in. an, hour bofore. ' After a long silence soineono p.roposod poetry, and there was a clamour for Star. No refusal would bo accepted ;they would give her fivo minutes to think. Then how her heart throbbed ! Tho words of ouo poem came up to her distinctly. ' Should she ?' sho asked herself, —' dare she?' Then she compressed her lips with a reckless determination in herhoart, and baid, ' I will.' Then there broke upon the quiet of the room, and upon Phil Darkley sitting in tho shadow, tho words of tho poem ho.so well romombered, in a voice which was' intense with something— acting per.- haps. , . ? ' ? I I thought I had surely conquered and lived down this sharp, old pain.' Oh, the sweet, false, maddoning voice 1' and llo'w it trembled, and how Phil battled with the emotions that surgod up I ' " ' I have thrust awny in silence each loving thought of you ; I have laid to rest each memory, so tender and bo true; I have prayed upon my bended knees for power to forget, ? . ?. And tho answer to that prayer is this—l love you, love you yet.' , ? ; And there— '. 'Js love so very plenty in, this weary world * . of pain, ? Tlliiilt yon cannot let all else, go by (ind trust ' me once agaln7' Star wa? terribly frij?htoriod at tho thought of what blio wan doing, but Bhe ? reeited, not missing a lino or word until— 'Hut tho past is here beside.' me,, in the purple starry night, . And her great eyes shine upon mo;with lender mournful light; Sweet eyes so full of gentleness, so lovely in their pain, ? . ' " That I. clasp her back, oh, I'hilip, to my faithful heart again.' ? Star was ft\Vay in : the.furthest comer of the conservatory, crying her eyes oul, when she becatno conscious of an .unusual commotion among tho vines about her, and looked up to moot Phil Darkley's im petuous faco and glowing eyes.' And then thero caino that chanco of 'revenge' for which Star's soul' had thii?ted. ' Star,' ho said, 1 I know that lam mad ! I know that you do not lovo me, and have every reason to beliovo you are ficklo ; but despite of all that, I lovo you moro than all tho world, and I ask you to marry mo ! I will doto oil you always—will do what ever yon wish me, Star !' And then Star Lester laughed, rather tiewously to bo euro, but happily, too. ' No, you wouldn't, Phil—yon can't I' she said ; you would be sure to get jenlous, aiid rush oil and leave me its you did last siiminer, when you saw Chnrlio Floriner tolling mo of his engagement to my pet eonniii, Foy.' Then Phil went down on his; knees, oud Star said not one word about revengu —although ' revengo is sweet.' '000 Scene—Mining village. Free Church minister (at miner's door) : ' Ik Jninos at home, Alre. Brown.?' Mm. B.:' No, sir ; lie's aw a' t.io the toon the dny.' Minieler : '1 am eorry for thai, bccaiiHo I wanted to tell him that lio'r )>ecn nppointed a deacon.' Mip. 8., 'A (li'ucoti,. sir I? I'm, ralo glad o't, for to lull yt! tho trutli, ntf, tmyihing's bolter .than a qollier uo\vailiiy?.' f .. ; 