The Storyteller. A Thousand Pounds. BY ONYX. "THAT thousand pounds will make me or break me," exclaimed Jack Fielding, and so saying he drew a portentous sigh, the escape of which scented the air for some distance round with a strong flavor of tobacco. " Then you had better look forward to being broken," said bis companion, after a pause which both spent in. watching an- opossum climb a gum tree, where, after a few wrigglea to get into poaitipn, it settled itself down, with nicely balanced tail, to watch the scene around, " You don't mean to say you think that sneak will take advantage of the good turn I did him to rob me of that fraction of his father's wealth I" cried Jack. wlf I know anything of Robert Marsdsn, no good turn will stand between him and a sixpence that by any jugglery of the law he can call his own," was the reply. Jack turned uneasily on his back as though the tussa grass on which he lay had suddenly become more hard and prickly, and the opossum looked down reflectively, wondering at the fidgeti ness of man. "Then it is all up with me! Annie must still stay at the Hutchinßes' to teach their un* teachable little brats, and I must begin again," ■aid Jack, and be gave another great sigh. Allan Graham made no answer ; he knew the state of their affairs (for they were partners) well enough to be aware that there was no alternative. Their small station was already mortgaged to its fullest extent, and they had received notice of foreclosing ; on that legacy from Jack's uncle, Mr. Marsden, depended their fate, and he had only too much reason to believe that young Manden would take the advantage the law gave him to withhold it He remained silent for wqia time. He oould give Jack no comfort, and m he wifely held his peace. Nothing it «ore. irritating to a man at such momenta than useless words ; with women it ia different; the mere clatter of tongues ia pleasant to their eara and seems to give them some strange kind of ooniolation ; it U apparently, as the cry of the babe to the young mother, " most sweet music." "By Heaven !" cried Jack, suddenly breaking the long silence, M if the scoundrel plays me that trick I will be even with him, though I give my life to that one object;" and he brought down a fiat that-might have felled.an ox with such violence dose to Allan's head that it put a sudden end to the vague speculations the latter was indulging in, and brought him back to the matter in hand. AUan Graham was a good faithful friend, quiet and reserved, never overflowing with either advice or sympathy, but a man on whom hi* friend oould rely and never fear that he would fail him. Jack Fielding knew all this fuU well, and had as strong a regard for Allan aa Allan had for him. The friendship had commenced at school when Jack had interposed his burly frame to save Allan from an unfair thrashing ; it continued till the time came when the fact that they were expected to make their own path in life stared thetn in the face, and Jack, feeling that he was utterly incapable of settling down to office work, persuaded Allan that the wisest thing they could do would be to emigrate. Aud so they oaxa* to Queensland to seek their fortunes, whtab, up to the period' of which we writ*, had steadily escaped them. .' wlUkenorMhd«teri«ination«,Jaok, MMidAlla» in answer to his friend* strong declaration, at the game time looking suspiciously at the log to see What havoc hia friend's fiat might have effeoted. ''Robert Maraden is clever and rich; it would be at uneven game between you." ' . "I suppose by that yon mesja that I am neither clever nor rich!" a*id Jack, fixing his eye full on AUan in father an oppressive manner. "By no mean*" exclaimed Allan quickly, anxious to avert the evil eye with which Jack was regarding him ; " I only mean that when a m»n has a plan to plan, and money to carry out his plans, the man who tries to fight against him with a» good a head but an empty purse has a had Chance.'*; , .. ■ "I'll risk, it a» anyrafca/' aao, Jack sternly; "tbo,staka is too d«qr {04 me to, la* the man, who makes me lose it get off soot free." , , Allan ssid no more. When Jack was in #»at meoi it w^i useless to oppose him, ;> all he oould 4b-w*a, to katsp flpse to him foj tfw »e*t few dM*. during whi* theiaiUitor #as to decided, and to uae hi* influence: wtth hi*-Wendtp.tyat friend's best advantage, .. •..,.. • •' ; rJaWwhtfa Jack lay .on. hia back wUh,eyes in* tcntly pxtii on the. opossum, whin atfll sat in the gom.trco, a black do* against the starry heavens. Jack stared a> him, but with unseeing eyea. If he had observed hewy at some signal in an un* known tongue, another opossum, the partner of mil (the opossum's) bosom probably, had gone to boar h'T» company, and bow the two commenced uttering steange sounds and swinging their long tails in an intensity of domestic bliss, it might have started him on a new train of reflections ia/hich would baveinoreased hif ire ajgaiast his foe, Jack gazed so long and lay bo quiet that Allan thought he had gone to sleep; and, rejoicing that the poor fellow should have even a short respite from his troubles, he moved gently away to their camping place, and there coiling himself in his blanket, and giving, a good-night glance to their houses, which were hobbled and were grazing steadily close f.t hand, was soon fast asleep. Not so Jack. His eyes were fixed on the opossums, but bis thoughts had wandered far away. He was living through the scene again, when in the biasing sunshine, on a hot Bummer's day, he had ridden with loose rein and unobser vant eye nearly on to a dark object lying on the grass. His hone, giving a great swerve, had thrown him to the ground, nearly on to the dark object which had caused the animal to shy, and which he then found to be a warm living crea ture, but so crushed and maimed that it was some minutes before he recognised his uncle, Mr. Maraden. Jack was cudgelling his brains to find the why and wherefore of several of the circum stances of his life. Why had so many things conspired together for the express purpose as it seemed of ruining him ? Why should not some one else have f oundius uncle in that remote spot! It seemed so strange that he who was the only man whose signature to his uncle's will could have hurt himself |in any way should be the very one on whom the task should have been thrown. Mr. Maraden, whom Jack had found lying on the ground, shattered and maimed, was a rioh man, and it was the hope that he might exert some o his influence in his young relation's favor that had partly been the cause of Jack's selecting Queensland as his destination. The rich uncle, however, had behaved to hia poor nephew as rich uncles very often do. To studied neglect he had lately added such decided rudeness that Jack vowed he would never go near him again. Mr. Marsdeu hod an only son who was Jack's anti thesis in every respect Of course there was no love bet between the cousins, and the original indifference increased to positive hatred when, in consequence of an open rupture with his father, Robert Maraden learned that Jack had been made his father's heir. Jack had only learned tow casually, and it had made no difference in his feelings towards his uncle. A very little while before the accident which caused his uncle's death, he had heard that a reconciliation had taken place between father and son, and that a new will had been made in Robert Marsden's favor. These things all flashed on Jack's mind in the single moment in which he discovered the iden. tity of the wounded num. To place the sufferer in as comfortable a place as he could find, and to pour water over his burning forehead and ghastly wound, was the work of a few minutes. Then Jack rode off for help. It was getting near sun set when the dying man was at laat lifted into his own house. If it had been the nearest and dearest friend he had ever had he could not have received more tender care at Jack's hands. An exploded gun which was lying beside him bad evidently been the cause of the wound that had completely smashed the jaw, so that though the agony of the unnaturally bright eyes showed that the sufferer was fully conscious he was utterly unable to utter a word. When everything that Jack could think of to give ease to the patient had been done, the intense anguish of the eyes told Jack that there was still some urgent desire unfulfilled. Jack cudgelled his brains to guess what could be the unspoken thought. Suddenly a bright idea flashed upon him, and with a Btride he dashed to where he saw pen and ink, and brought them to his uncle. Never in all his life did Jack experience a happier moment than when by the sudden lighting up of the dying man's face he saw that he had divined his wish. " Fetch my will," Jack managed to decipher, though the words were almost illegible. " Yes," Jack answered aloud. He looked round for Mrs. Marsden to tell him where her husband kept his papers, but the poor woman was in a swoon. There was no time to be lost, for Mr. Marsden was sinking visibly. " Which is your master's room ?" he asked one of the men who was standing open-mouthed, with that semi-idiotic expression that seems to be the privilege oi all the dwellers in the West The man only opened his mouth wider, and made no reply. Jack pushed him aside with an impatient oath. The house, though it was the head-station, was very primitive, and it did not take long to find which room was used by the master as his study. Jack caught up a padlocked box and hurried back with his prize. Some keys were lying on a shelf, and the box was soon opened. Turning the papers over rapidly Jack came at last to the will; he seised it, and opening it placed it before bis uncle. The gradually-stiffening fingers moved the front page feebly, and, turning it over, Jack saw to his surprise that the document was un signed. In a moment Jaok understood it all. Possibly the father was not yet quite satisfied with Robert's reformation, and had held tbe un signed will as a check upon him. If the will was not signed, Robert would be a beggar and Jack a rich man. Much as he hated his cousin the thought never for a moment occurred to Jack to prevent the signing of the will; but yet it flashed on him that his uncle's strength would barely suffice. He placed the pen again in the trembling fingers, and with great effort Mr. Marsden signed it. Aa soon as be had fiuuhed, Jack took the pen and wrote bis own name as witness. "There mfat be another witness," he exclaimed, and he called to the man who still stood staring in at door; but the fellow sullenly shook his head. Jack looked round to sec who else was avail able. Mrs. Marsden was still unconscious, and (he ojd woman who acted as cook and house keeper to the establishment,^* so hopelessly deaf and stupid ihat it was. no use to ask her. A .black boy was the only other person present; the rest had been sent in different directions to g«t surgical assistance. " You must sign," said Jack imperiously; and advancing to the man he clutched him by the shoulder and dragged him forward. " It's no good ; I cannot write," remonstrated the unwilling witness. , " Make your mark, then," growled Jack, " and don't stand fooling there." Remembering the very firm pressure of Jack's hand which was only just removed, the man came to the conclusion that to obey was the better polioy. He sulkily made "Lib mark," and Jaok attested it. It was completed only just in time ; long before the ink, was dry in which he wrote his name Robert Marsden the elder had passed away. Jack would have been more than mortal bud he refrained from reading a will which so nearly concerned him, and which was left so completely in his hands ; and it was with a great burst of satisfaction that he saw his own name down for a legacy of a thousand pounds. 1b was not much, indeed, circumstanced as the elder Marsden had been in so nearly determiuiug to make Jack his heir—it was very little. But Jack was quite satisfied ; he already saw the mortgage paid off, and Annio the happy mistress of his little cot tage. His pride did not revolt at accepting the money; for tbe good turn he had done to both father and son within th« last twelve hours entitled him to some return at their hands. So, having Been his aunt takes in charge by some friendly neighbors, Jack came back from his adventurous journey in good spirits. In an ticipation he saw his way clear before him. Such had been his anticipation, but such was by no means the reality. When Jack went to Brisbane a few weeks after he recounted the whole story to a friend of his, a barrister. " And you Bigned without knowing the con* tents ?" said bis friend. "Of course I did. That was no moment for parleying, I can tell you." "Of course not; but in doing a good turn to your relation you have done a very bad one for yourself. Jack looked up haughtily: "What would yon have had me do 1 refuse to Bign, and so defraud my cousin 1" The lawyer knitted his brows. "It is a hard case, no doubt. You acted like the honest man you are, Jack ; but unlesß your cousin is as honest you have made him a rich man and your- Belf a pennQeßß one." 11 In all except the thousand poundß ; I know that" " The gift of the thousand pounds is void, was the reply. " Surely you know that a witness to a will forfeits all assignments under it." Jack started from the seat on which he had been lounging and stood bolt upright. " Do you mean to tell me that that legacy is void ?" be exclaimed. " Void in point of law, but no honorable man would hesitate for a moment to pay it. Is Robert Marsden an honorable man ?" and the lawyer looked Jaok straight in the face, for be knew as well v Jack knew the character of the man at whote mercy poor Jack* legacy lay. A long correspondence eruraed between the cousins, in which Maraden dearly evaded giving a decided announcement of his intentions. It was in order to come to an understanding with him that Jack and Allan were on their way down to Brisbane, where they had beard Robert then was, and it was on these strange circum stances that had bo curiously affected his fortune that Jack was cogitating aa he watched tbe opossums. The night passed wearily enough for Jack. In vain he sought consolation from his beloved pipe—that usually trusty friend proved faithless : it neither soothed nor pleased. Tbe scenes that he had been recalling had worked on his imagina tion. He felt again the sickening horror that he had experienced when he fell on hi* unole's body lying on the ground ; he recalled the hate ful visage of Robert Marsden, and all the stories of perfidy and cruelty that had made his name a by-word with his quondam companions. He pictured the ruin that must ensue if the money to take up the mortgage was not forthcoming. They had gone through two bad seasons, and had staved off their difficuties, hoping against hope, toiling early and late ; and if it had not been for the thought of Annie he would have persuaded Allan to have flung up the sponge long ago. At last it occurred to Jack that if he pondered much more in this fashion he would lose the little wit he had, and that nothing would please Robert Marsden better; so, gifing a mighty yawn as if to brush away the cobwebs from his brain, he got up and went towards the place where Allan lay. Allan was Bound aaleep, and Jack stood un certain whether to try to imitate the good example or to go after the hones, who were wandering a little farther than he thought advisable. He decided to go after the bones, for though the stars were still shining there was a light in the east that told of the break of day. They wanted to make an early start to avoid travelling during the great heat. Jack was noticing the strange appearance of the gum trees, whioh had just shed their bark, and stood out white and weird, like majestic ghosts, when the cry of the laughing-jackasseß broke on the silence. The merry fellows must have kept up a fire of jokes and quick repartees for the next ten minutes, judging from their shrill shrieks of laughter. Then there was a pause, and the next sound that Jaok heard was the distant crowing of a cock, that told him they were getting within reach of settlers and that their journeying was nearly at an end. The Bun was above the horizon when Jack came back wits) the horse?, and he found Allan just waking. " Time to be moving, I suppose!" he said, MS Jack came near. " Yea, I'll put the billy on, we will hare some tea before we start." Breakfast was no long affair, and they were soon in their saddles. It was a long hot journey, and they were thankful when they came in sight of the town ; so no doubt were the poor brutes who bore them, who bad no especial business to get to, a* compensation for she unusually loftte day's journey. . The stainß of travel removed and a goost supper hastily disposed of, Jack started off.ty see Annie, who bad no idea, he was in town. Tbe house in whioh the Hutchinses lived on Breakfast Creek road was surrounded on all sides by broad verandahs. Jack as he gated carelessly into the well-lighted room, the windows of which were all open, did not expect to see Annie there; for Mrs. Hutohins by no means approved of her governess taking a share in the amusements of the family. It was with considerable surprise, therefore, that he saw her standing by a table listening attentively to the remarks of a gentle man who stood with his back slightly turned towards him. As Jack looked, tbe expression of joyful antici pation which had made his face quite beaming faded, and a savage scowl took its place. In Bpite of the averted face, he recognised Robert Maraden. What was that man doing by Aunie's side ? Was he to be for ever in his path ? Jack entered the room abruptly, and his entrance created a slight confusion. Mr. Hut china received him coolly. Marsden stared at him with a scowl almost as savage as his own. The smile of welcomo with which Annie had turued to greet him died away as she beheld the expression ou the countenances of the two young men. " I am afraid I interrupted you ?" said Jack sternly, approaching the pair. Marsden made uo reply beyond a haughty stare, and gathering his coat-tails over his arm lounged out on to the verandah. Annie said nothing, but looked pitifully into Jack's face. At any other time that look would have melted him at once ; if he had found any other man standing beside her he would not have cared a fig ; he had full confidence in his betrothed, but the unexpected sight of Marsden, on apparently familiar terms with her, quite overset the little equanimity which the affairs of the last few weeks had left him, and he sat glowering at Annie more like a wild animal preparing to make a spring than like a lover returned after a long absence. He sat for about half- an-hour, during which time he scarcely opened his lips. Marsden re mained out on the verandah, and the few other guests raised their eyebrows in wonderment at the strange young man who conducted himself as though he had never been in civilised society before, and then took no further notice of him. Jack troubled little what anybody thought about him even at the best of times, and now he was actually unconscious that there was anyone present aave Annie, Marsden, and himself. If Maraden flattered himself that by keeping out on the verandah he would eitcape Jack, he was very much mistaken. After an absent good night to Annie and an incoherent muttering that he would see her the next morning, Jack went straight to his cousin. 111 want a few wordß with you, Marsden ; can you come now ? My Btay in town is short," he said. Maraden slightly turned his head in a super cilious manner, and, with an assumption of ease which he was very far from feeling, Baid : "Not to-night I havo not time." Jack scowled at him again from under hw thick eyebrows, and without another syllable turned on his heel and went away. "By haaven, be shall not escape me to-night," be muttered between his teeth as he walked down the path ; "one way or another he shall answer." Once outside the gate he halted. All was silent. Marsden was evidently going to remain longer to avoid him. Up and down the road he passed, crushing the gravel beneath bis heavy heel as if, in imagination, he had got Marsden's head beneath his foot. Half-an-hour passed; an hour; the time seemed interminable, but he would not abandon his purpose. Marsden should answer him that night, or he would know the reason why. Lawyers and women might quibble, for it was their nature to, but for him it should be plain " yes" or "no." Another dreary turn, and then he saw a figure approaching. Tea tit was Maisden at last— Marsden, who had not well calculated the amount of his enemy's patience. He hesitated a moment as he suddenly perceived Jack, who had Btopped in his walk and stood half hidden within the shadow of the bushes. " Ha ! is that you, Fielding ?" he said, feigning great indifference. In truth he was greatly taken •back by the rencontre* for he was in bodily fear of bis burly cousin, of whose prowess he had seen plenty of proofs, and Jack's bcowl that even ing had been ominous. " Yes, it is I," answered Jack. "As yom were so pressed for time I thought the best plan would be to walk home with you; that would accommo date you and me too." Not having a reply ready, Marsden remained silent, and Jack stalked beside him, neither utter ing a word for some minutes. They were now fairly on the broad moonlit road, and Jack could control himself no longer. " Now, Marsden," he said, stopping suddenly in their rapid walk, " give me an answer about this business. Don't beat about the bush ; Bay your aay plainly, and let me know how I stand. Do you, or do you not, mean to pay over the legacy left me by yaur father!" " I have said before," replied Marsden, " and I say again, that I leave all my business to my lawyer. Go to him." " No, by Q—, I will not go to him—this is merely a subterfuge on your part, With no one but you does it rest to say whether justice shall be done me or not." "Whoever deals with me will get justice," ■aid Marsden doggedly—-"strict justice. I say •gain go to the lawyer ; what the law ordains I •bide by." Jack made one bound forward, thereby com pletely putting himself in front of Manden. " I understand you," he said ; " I understand : you abide by the quibble of the law to wrench from me the small sum your father left me, and which my conscience tells me I have well earned. Thief ! do you know how " Jack stopped abruptly, ashamed that to such • man as that ha had nearly condescended to detail his services. No, rather let him take his ill gotten gains and hug himself over the extra guineas ha had ■•cured. He than fell back, and Jdars^ton, mneh l»w*odly relieved, walked on. He tried to hurry and leave Jack behind, but that was by no means Jack's intention. He Knew the worst now, and his vow to be revenged rose vividly before him. Should he fell the scoundrel where he stood T There was a momen tary struggle of which Marsden was happily un oonsciouß ; then his better self prevailed, but •till he would not let the fellow get off scot free. He must ram down the cur's throat some of the storm of indignation which was choking in his own. Poor Jack t he had little idea of the pro ject which the said cur was even then revolving in his mind, now that he fancied Fielding was growing calm. Believing by tho silence and slackened pace that the storm was over, the latter resolved to make a proposition that had been in his thoughts ever since he had learned the rela tion in which Jack stood to Annie Farquhareon. If ha could only get Jock to forego his claim there ; if he would withdraw and leave the field clear for him—if he could get Annie for his wife —Jack was welcome to the thousand pounds, ay, and to another thousand added to that. His own nature was too base to make him see the enor mity of his proposal. He knew quite well he would have no chance if Jack still cnoße to keep his prize ; but, knowing as he did the difficulties of Jack's position, he thought he might perhaps make money conquer love. They were drawing near to the town now, still walking side by side in sullen Bilence, Manden revolving his project in his mind, but not know ing how to put it into words. " Are you in want of money at this moment, Fielding ?" he Baid in rather a leas supercilious tone than he had thought proper to adopt hitherto. Jack glared. "My affairs cannot concern you in any way, I presume," was all the answer he vouchsafed. Another silent march, and then Marsden re turned to the charge. " I know there is no love lost between us, Fielding, so as you Bay I won't beat about the bush, but go straight to the point in what I have to say. I mean to stink to the law, that ia plaiu. What the law gives me, I mean to keep. If I give away money it is only in return for what it brings ; I don't pretend to any high-flown sentiments—humbug of that kind is out of my line." The look with which Jack regarded him as he made the last declaration was something pre ternatural in its intensity of diHgust and rage combined. However, he said nothing and Marsden went on: " Tou can have a thousand pounds and another added to that if you choose." Jack looked at him, but remained silent Marsden began again—hesitated—it was awk ward even to hiß obtuse nature to ask a man to sell his pretensions to a wife. "If you—if Miss Farquharaon," he stammered. Tho name was only half out of his lips when Jack bpraug at his throat. Marndeu tottered under tho haud that gripped him like a vice, m:d though tall aud well made he quivered in J.tck's powerful i;rnep. " How d.ire you, you infernal scoundrpl .'" Jack hipped in bis ears as well as his towering rage would let him articulate, and ho swayed itlaitiden so hrnvily forward that he c.ime upuu his knee*, and Jack weut down with him. Tho two men wcro commencing a deadly struggle when some oue interposed. "For mercy's sake, think of what you are doing, Jack," the new arrival cried, ac he too nearly fell to the ground exhausted with his efforts to Blacken Jack's grasp of his victim- It was Allan, who, alarmed at his friend's con* tinued absence, had come in search of him. Jack yielded at length to his entreaties, and slowly the two men rose from the ground, covered with the white dust of the road and with faces as white as their clothes—Marsden's with fear, and Jack's with passion. Luckily they were still too far out of the town for there to be much chance of passers by at that late hour, and the police of Brisbane are by no means übiquitous. Allan prudently placed himself between the pair without saying a word, and in utter silence they proceeded. Soon after they were fairly in the town Mars* den alunk up a side Btreet. Jack followed him with bis eyes, but Baid nothing ; neither did Allan ; at that moment all he cared for was to get Jack home. Though Jack had preserved utter silence since the termination of the struggle, his gleaming eyes and clenched hands told of the storm of anger within. Never was Allan more thankful to get to the end of a walk than ho was now, when he saw their hotel in the distance. He knew that Jack when fairly roused was capable of actions from which in his calmer moments his whole soul would revolt. [TO BK CONTINUED.] 