* Music and the Drama. j THE ohiof musical ovonfc of tho wook lins boon tho production of Bizet's " Carmen," at the Theatro ?Boyal,' by tho Opora Company. " Carmon " has boen porformod on Tuosday, Wodnesday, Thursday, and Friday, and will probably bo ropoated again be fore tho closo of tho soREou. Tho music of this opera ia so original, BO imnginativo, and BO froo from oporatio conventionalisms, as to oauso lovers of tho lyric sttigo to regard tho carly death of tho composer as a 'groat loss to tho world. Thoro aro three principal characters in the work, namely-Carmon, Don Jose, and tho BuU-fightor, all tho othor oharaotors being subsidiary to thoKO, and designad morely to disptiy thom. Podantio critics assure us that o vor y lyrio work ought to bo so.framed as to aohiovo somo moral purpose, and that all works whioh do not achiovo somo Buch purposo aro worthless as works of art. Wo hnvo strong doubts ns to the accuracy .of thia opinion of tho critics, but, assuming it to bc oorreot, wo might ask what moral purposo is aohiovod by " Carmon ?" and, in answer to tho question, state that wo know of no other than that of showing tho hato fulnoss of fomale flirtation. " Carmon" is tho prin cipal figuro in tho opera. Don Joso and tho Torea dor havo beon created for tho special purposo of showing off her coquetries. Prom first to last oho is a sly, pretty, bowitohirig, piquant, and utterly hoartless flirt, willing and anxious to captivate all malo hearts, but incapable of experiencing a grand and noble passion horaelf. Sho practises her wilos on all who como noar her, but specially on Ddn Joso and tho Bull-fightor. Tho consistant portrayal of Buch a _ character demands artistio ability of tho highest olasa, combined with a comely porson and Jady- liko deportment. Those qualities aro unitod in Madame Horsoe, and hence abo was ablo to fully illustrate tho advice whioh Byron gives to a lover-" Toaso her and please by turns, soon passion crowns your hopes ;" and, reversing tho sex, sho aotod on this advice with a world of wiles and coquetries innumerable Sho gavo an admirable and moat artistio impersonation of a character that very often occurs in real lifo, not only in Spain,, but in Sydney, and in all othor parts of. the world.. À pretty flirt is ÜB common as "household words," and, liko Carmon, she practioos hor wiles on every suitable object, bolievos that all who say 'thoy admiro her love her, oxerts all hor faculties to mako them do BO, and is uttorly carolosB as to tho pain sho i inflicts on them. The Don Joso of Mr. Beaumont and tho E3oamillo of Mr. Parley woro also fine im personations. Mr. Farley OBpooially waa so well made np, looked euoh a dashing and handsome fol low, and sang and acted so exceedingly well, that it was not surprising tho (ripsy flirt should tako a fancy for him. The choruses of tho opora and all tho other tarts ot' it wore fairly sustainod, and the work was vory fairly mouutod. The orchestral part of tho work is peculiar. Tho munio is original, but tho harmonies sometimes aro thin. Á duet, for instance, botwoon tho clarionet and tho trombone is, to Bay tho least of it, odd ; but porhaps tho bass part was written for tho basoon, and as thero ia no basoon in the orchestra the trombono had to take it. Tho melo diös of tho work aro sineularly construotod. They bogin in tho orthodox style, and thon, when the oar is led to anticipate a truo melodic ending, thoy shade off into somothing else. The music is iutricato, but it was nevertheless fairly playod. It is the custom of some people to find fault with an orchestra, beoauso by BO doing they appear to other peoplo ignorant of musio to know moro than they really do. Such po dantio affectation of great skill in music is contemp tible and absurd. V<-ry oftou whon tho music appoars to bo thin and bald, tho fault is not in tho orchestra, but in the sooro, for musicians capable of playing in an orchestra play whatovor .io sot before thom, and play it either forte or piano, aooording to tho direc tions of the composer, as interpreted by tho baton of tho conductor. Furthermore, thoao critics who so frequently find fault with orchestras havo not got brains enough to understand a full sooro, and could not judiciously fill up a Bínelo stave in it if their lives dopendodon the fact of thoir doing so. Handol's "Messiah" is to bo translatod into swoet sounds on this day (Saturday), at tho Gardon Palace, by the Sacred Choral Association and the Musical Union combined. Thero will bb a picked and well-trained chorus of 400 voicos and an orchestra of 50 performers. . It is oxpoctcd that tho performance will bo tho boat of tho kind that has over been given m Sydnoy. Signora Antoinotta Link, Misa E. A. Lambert, Messrs. Armes Beaumont, John Bushello, and Andrew Fairfax are tho principals. Mr. Mon taguo Younger and Mr. Sydnoy Moas oonduot. During tho latter part of last week, and the first of tho presont, thoro has beon little of interest to reoord. Tho boards of tho Eoyal aro still ocoupiod by tho Opora Company. Tho houses have boon exceed ingly good. Of tho quality of the performances, it ia not necessary to Bpoak hore, as they are roforrodto in anothor part of this column. At tho Queen's, " Kerry Gow " has, strange to relate, kept its placo. Moro remarkable still, thero have boen good houses on several oooaaions. I am glad to know that tho play has boen a success financially. AB a literary effort, I should pronounce it a doad failure ; but then I am confronted with tho faot that ( it baa kopt tho boards for more than a week. Some othor roally good plays, well played, that I know of , have novor enjoyed a third night, tho first and second being insufficient to pay for lights. I am loth to boliovo, however, that tho audienoos at tho Qaoen's Theatro are unable to appreciate a good play. I pre for to boliovo that tho oxoollont noting of Mr. Leako ' and tho othor members of tho company havo beon auffioient to "pull it through" with all its imporl'ootions on ita head. I am Boro, how- ' ovor¿ that it muat havo boen heavy pul ling for everybody. Perhaps the philosophical . racohorso, and tho finoly- managod carrior pigeons did a littlo to lighten tho draught. Misa Kate Douglass had not a part to suit her, bat as tho conscientious and intelligent aotroas as sho is, Bho triod her lovel best, and managed to impart to a very modiooro part something of interost. Mr. W. H. Loake's repre sentation of the part of Korry Gow I havo alroady spoken of. It was as good aa tho materials to his hand would admit of its boing made, and a good deal bottor than oould havo beon reasonably oxpootod undor tho circumstances. Tho to proaontation improved upon noqdaintanoo. But after all, tho highest praiso that oin bo accorded to Mr. Loako lies in tho faot that tho play ran for about nino days. It may bo regarded aa ono of thoao won dors that are Baid to oxiat for that poriod. I oan only ropoat a previously oxproBaod rogrot, and say that I am sorry Mr. Loako did not givo us somothing bettor to wondor at. Mr. Grovillo wan, of course, oxcoodingly good as Donny Doylo. Perhaps tho reason of bia Buporiority waa" in Bomo moauuro due to tho fact that ho diaplayod obnaidorablo indopen donoo of tho author's text, and in doing SJ suppliod Bomothing bottor, or at all ovonta moro amuainpr. But Mr. Leaton,as tho villainona Folix O'Drivo. wan. immoneo, and added to bia roputntioi^ as ono ot tho bost character actors wo havb had thia a do of tho lino. Mr. Leaton soenu dotorminod to Hvo by his profoBsion, and in ordor to aooompliah that ond, baa mado np IUB miad that whatovor ho does Bhall bo dono woll. Mr. Emmott also, played ,his'&jiagreeabl;ê part with oonsóio'ntious caro,and. was 'therefor'è'aB offootivo as it was posniblo, under snoh adversé con ditions, ho could bo. Mr. Martin and Mr.- Vincent made all that it was possible to .make out of tho parts' of John Drew, tho unfortunate tbnant, and Major Bluff, an incongruous, under ouoh circumstances, though rotircd Officer, in His Majesty's service Miss Melville and Mrs. Grovillo did what it was possible to do as Biddy and Maggie, but that was not much. On Thursday night . Mr. W. H. Leake made his first appearance in Shakspcarian drama in this country. Considerable intorcst was manifested in tho event, and tho result was that tho curtain roso on a good hpuso. Mr. Löako had chosen to appoar aa Hamlot, and whilo ho could not well have solectod a moro difficult part to play, it is to be doubted whotnor bo could Havo chosen-having solooted Shakospoaro at all-a moro suitable ono. : I havo no spaco at my command in which to Bay all that I would liko to say of this impersonation at this time. It must suffico to say, for prosont purposoa, that Mr, Loako delivered tho text with all tho "clear ness and effeot his fino voioo enablod him to give it. His rendering of tho part waa on tho whole an intel ligent ono. Most of tho beat points wore well pre served, and new ones, ingenious and capable of strong support, introduced. Tho présentation of tho Prince was unequal; but in seme scenes Mr. Leake roso to tho' highoBt point of merit, and displayed flashes of ability well worthy of being characterised by tho name of genius. In short, Mr. Leake's Hamlet will rank high among colonial representations of the character, and wo have had somo good ones daring tho last 25 years. At all oyents, wo now know that he is an actor capable of bettor things than tho trashy affairs wo havo hitherto Been him in. Miss Melrose astonished many of her friends by her very excellent rondering of " tho part of Ophelia. For my part, I havo long known Miss Melroso as a very clover lady, and I shall not be easily astonished at anything sho may do woll. Wore it tho othor way I might bo surprised. Mr. Vincent was tho Ghost, and did it, ns ho does most things, intelligently and well. Tho occasion' was Mr. Leake's benefit, and I am glad to know that it was a successful one. Wo aro glad to porceivo that St. Leonards can now boast of having a musical society, ono having re cently boen formed in that suburb. Their first cou oert was announced for yesterday, to be given at tho School of Arts, St. Leonards. Tho programme com prised a choice selection, of glees, songs, and piano forte solos. Mr.J, P. Wilson acted aB oonduotor ; the accompanist was a ko,-; amatour ; and tho secretary of tho sooiety is Mr. Ü. W. Green. To-night, Saturday, Mr. Cecil Burt makes his debut as Pomponnet, in "La Eillo do Madame An got." ? " Formosa" is announced for produotion at the Opora Hou36 to-night. " Tho Misses Mario and Madeline St. Clair gave fairly suooossful concerts, in Goulburn, on Friday and Monday nights last. On Thursday, 9 th instant, Misa Kate Slattery, assisted by a number of othor amateurs, gave at Goulburn a oonoort (which was attonded. by a large and fashionable audionoe) in aid of St. Joseph's E».C. Orphanage. ... The opora of " Les Cloches do Cornevillo " will bo given at tho Royal next week. On Saturday and Monday evenings the juvenile nctrcssos Florence and Ida Murray take a benefit. Mr. J. H. Ramford appears as Uncle Harry in "Helen's Babies." " Joameaand the Countess," a satire by Gilbert a'Beckott, will also be played. Great preparations aro being made with tho new Gaiety Theatre, Gastlereagk- stroot. 