MB. DAMPIEE. '?Tisk 3i-ynl Patdon,' the picco in which HSr. Dampios has elected to introduce hirooeif to-ua, is u popular drama abounding with ef5x- trra-- situations, but as a test of Mr. Dumpies' a capabilities Sfc afEor& little opportunity for any di*pjny of hietrioni* talent beyond allowing tha- spectators to sec- asd appreciate tho versa tility ,ol' the principal actor. The whole of the character's of- the pi-.ee aro good, and there is eoope for oasih.playra to win the applause of the audience, the parts- ossained by Mr. Darapie? being iusfc suflicies^Ly relieved to make them ibo promieaont, yeb sot the sole, feature of the scene. ' The- Royul Pardon' iu fact allows us- to see Mr. Dumpier ' as an aatat of good presence, Tfith a flexible voice of con -iddrable naugo asd power, a great . command of facial expression,, and a pleasant, amusing^ mannor, whioh: at once places him en ravpore with his hearers. The. curtain riees on ' the house on the cliC,' aa inn and the abode of Paul ?M&tlihaM;). a. DQatuwn (Mr. Booth), his: wife (llibH Emma Rogers), a ohild, and their jservant Su/gy (Mi33 Fanny Rogers). To them returns a, Captain Starf.tlcS Q&r.; HttskBr),unavoV odkor, who has made his fortune abroad, and' now finds himself at tha house of his old friends, tho M&rkhams.; Prior to meetings bis ssix Paul,, it appears, has bor rowed £100 from ono Swindledown (Mr.. Sam .Howard) a- moneylender of the baser 803b, who, hearing tiat Paul hoa come into money,' keeps the knowledge from him, and with tha assistance of Joseph JSillianh (Mr. Sefton) threatena to turn Paul out of the house and sell Viin up if lie does not sign another promiesoayv note for £101). Paul refuses and finally aaks tho aaDtuiii for tho loan of suQicient monav to pay.ofl'iiS«-i»ifeto!im.'a claim, and tho captain cocuuata. During a pauso in the main uction of tho. pieoO) Joseph 7otteragg (Mr. Dampier) coaies on tho scene. At this period ho id a 8c'joolmaBte3-with a desire for unlimited beer, which- ho would do auything to obtain. He appeals for only 'a pint' to everyouo ho meets; he tries peasuusion, ca-jelery, hurls tho most 3ary bits of Shiitoispoare,. tho ghost of -Banquo- and- anything likely tointimidato ut eaoh person's head in turn,, and: finally seeing Peggy receive hilf-a-or»wn from the captain, asks her for tho money, and. on retKcwl actually offers to marry her. on. tha reduced terms of ' half a pint.' These ecenes- elicited roarg of laughter* Ko tnrning; to tho stury, Millbank, seeing the cap tain in joasessioa of money and jewels, mur ders him, and contrives to fix the guilt on Paul, [and tha act closes, with Milliank, while accus ing Siui, being confronted by Totterajg, who has boon, a wit&eBs; of tbo murder. The next 'scene of. ovonta transpires at MillbanUi house 6 or 6 years later. Paul having been convicted, ana uumgnropnavea, sentenced totrcnsporcation. for lifo.is supposed to bo dead, tho coavict veasel being lost at sea. His wife then becomes Mrs. Millliank. Paul's daughter (Miss.Listor) and young Seafiehl (Mr. liolton) beoome acquainted and engaged, when Millbanh iutervones, nni through the threats of Swindlediien , who has a hold on him, gives hiB consent to Miss Mari han's. marriage with the money lender, und forbids hex speaking to youni; Scaficld. At this period Toilet agg is a. Btrolling player, under the resouuding title of JFitzroy, Orosvenor. Ho hns cried Drury Lane and tha provinces, and they don'l/ suit his genius, so io has bis own theatre now, uud gives the whole performance himself, from ticking tho moaoy at tho door to grinding the organ and ploying lliohnid III. ilarkham hero ro-appoars, and id assisted by joiiaragg in vmaicaung iaiB mnocenoe. iae act closos with the recognition of Pam and his -ifo. In the noxt act Totteragg, ap peara as a Frenchman {Victor Mouchard) and in this character succeeds in tracing all the facts which are necessary tJ eatablish Paul's innoceuce and convict MillUatik, and tbo curtain finuliy falls in, tho fourth not on virtue triumphant. As tho Frenchman Mr. Dauipier won rounds of applnuso, and was called boi'oro tho ourtxin ut the eiouo of tho third act. Tho incidental characters wore all woll playod, and the scenory was now and effective. Mr. Sefton was a meritorious villian— a very refined Nod Kelly in foot, tlio murder of Scajlolii being as delibe rate as it is possible to imagine. Mr. Booth made good use of his opportunities, and tho ladios of tho company materially usaistod to a gonerul sucoess. The prompter was not ro gurded with nearly as many bosoeohioir looks as is usual on firnt presentations of a now piece. 'Tho Royal Purdon' -will doubtless have a successful tenauoy of the boards, for it cannot fail to givo pleasure aud amusomont to all who may soo it. 