Sketcher. CHINESE MYTHS AND STORIES. A VERY remarkable fact concerning Chinese folk-lore is the strange similarity between Chinese myths and stories and those of Western Europe. Here is a tale, the analogue of which is found almost everywhere in Western folk-lore. The Seven Sleepers of Ephesus, the mediæval romance of Ogier le Danois, and the old Gaelic legend on which that romance is based, of Oisin's sojourn in the land of youth, are a few of the many forms which it takes in the West. The Chinese story is as follows:—"Two friends wander among the mountains culling simples. At a fairy bridge, the azure bridge, they find on guard two maidens of more than earthly beauty. 'Come across the bridge,' cry the maidens. This done, the friends are fed on huma (hemp, the Chinese hasheesh), and falling deeply in love with their hostesses, spend with them in the Jasper City what seems the short though blissful period of a few days. At length they are seized with a desire to visit their earthly home, and on getting back they find that seven generations have passed, and they have become more than centenarians.' The story is given in the Liao chai chih yi, with the date, A.D. 60 to 70, and the names of the two friends! Another equally circumstantial tale records how Wang Chin, one of the patriarchs of the Taoaist sect, was one day gathering fire-wood in the mountains of Ku chow, when he entered a grotto where some old men were deep in a game of chess.He laid down his axe and watched them; whereupon one of the old men handed him what looked like a date-stone, telling him to put it in his mouth. No sooner had he tasted it than he ceased to feel hunger and thirst. By-and-bye one of the players said, "It is long since you came here; you should go home now." Wang Chin went to take up his axe, and found the handle had mouldered into dust. Undismayed, however, he went home, but found that centuries had passed since he went out wood-cutting. No vestige of his kinsfolk had remained. The end of this tale is certainly un-European; for Wang Chin retreats to a cell in the mountains, and devoting himself to religious exercises, finally attains immortality. Sometimes the mischievous fairy is almost identified with one of the monkey tribe. Thus a man with a very pretty wife, travel- ling near Chang- tin, was warned that hard by lived a shēn who was given to woman- stealing. He hid his wife in an inner room; but in the fourth watch of the second night she was carried off. He sought her high and low, his romantic and perilous adventure being described in The History of the White Monkey, by Kung T'sing. At last he came to a stone door in the face of a mountain. Some women, who were passing in and out, told him his wife was there. "Get us," said they, "ten dogs, two barrels of spirits, and a quantity of hempen rope, and we will try to deliver her for you." After all these things had been provided, the shēn came in, and drank the spirits and ate the dogs, and while he was gorged and helpless tho women bound him to the bed. They called in the husband, who found that he was an enormous monkey. He straightway killed him, and set free, not his own wife only, but many other women who were held in captivity. Talking of monkeys, we may remark that they, as well as men, are supposed to have ghosts. A man in Canton, named Ling, had a yuan monkey in his family forty years. This species is supposed to grow to a very large size if it is allowed to drink plenty of water; and as Ling preferred a small monkey, his pet was kept on short water allowance. One day the monkey snatched a cup out of the hand of Ling's youngest son, and drained it off. The father gave him a good whipping, where- upon the monkey sulked, refused food, and died in a few days. Soon after, his ghost begun to haunt the house; strange noises were heard, food unaccountably disappeared, and at last a fire broke out. Ling moved into another house, but the ghost moved too; and at last he was com- pelled to take refuge in the temple of the five hundred worthies. Here the ghost did not dare to follow him; and not many years ago the family might be seen housed in the temple, everybody in the quarter know for what reason. Ghosts whom nobody owns, spirits of poor men who had died at street corners, and such like, are not unnaturally, malevolent. They cause epidemics, and have to be driven off by firing crackers; or, if people prefer appeasing them, they set out plates full of cakes, with invitations to "the honourable homeless ghosts." The ghosts of suicides are particularly difficult to be appeased; their sole aim in life (or rather in death) seems to be to induce others to do as they have done. If you sleep in the room, where anyone hanged himself or herself, you are sure to receive during the night a pressing invitation to commit felo de se. At Hang-chow, by the north gate, was a house so haunted by demons that it was to be had a bargain. A scholar named Ts'ai bought it, and since none of his family would go with him, went to sleep there alone. He lighted a candle, and kept watch. At midnight a woman came slowly in with a red silk handkerchief round her neck, saluted him, tied a rope to a beam, and put her neck in it. Ts'ai watched her, but did not change a muscle. She then fastened up another rope, and invited him to put his head in likewise. He laughed, and, lifting up his foot, put that into the noose. "You're wrong," said she. "No," he replied; "you were wrong years ago, or you'd never have done what you did." The ghost gave an exceeding bitter cry, bowed to Ts'ai, and departed; and from that time the house was no more haunted. Ts'ai after- ward rose to great distinction, as he de- served to do, passing all his examinations, and becoming provincial councillor. Ghosts are often introduced into Chinese plays, and in one farce the ghost turns the tables on his would- be exorcist. The priest comes in with big gong, robes, mitre, etc., but the ghost catches hold of the gong, and beats the devil's tattoo on it, claps the mitre on his own head, strips the priest of his robes, and vows he'll exorcise his reverence, "Oh, your Excellency," whimpers the priest, falling on his knees, "had I known you'd really been in the house, I'd never have come near the place. I only came to try to earn a few cash." The ghost, however, exorcises him without mercy, and he has to decamp minus his paraphernalia. Ghosts of gods are not uncommon, and are often highly serviceable. A few years ago the following was gravely related in the Pekin Gazette: ''When the Mohammedans were besieging Changwei, they suddenly halted and ran away. The fact was, they had approached the temple of Ta-pi-pah (god of the planet Venus), and there they saw an awful vision: gods in golden mail, numerous as forest trees, and armed with sword and shield, were drawn up in battle array along the city wall, and red lamps innumerable lighted them up. The enemies' hearts failed them, and a sudden discharge of cannon put them to flight." Here is another class of superstition, which reminds us of some weird German and Sclav legends about building a living man or woman into a bridge or tower, which could on no other condition be completed. "When the bell-tower of Pekin was built," says Mr. Stent, in a paper on Chinese legends, "the Emperor Yung- lo, of the Ming dynasty, ordered a great mandarin, named Kuan-yu, to cast a bell big enough for such a noble build- ing. Time after time Kuan-yu and the cleverest workmen in the country tried to cast a bell, and failed; the casting was always honeycombed, and the emperor said that if there was one more failure, Kuan-yu's head should pay the forfeit. Now Kuan-yu had a daughter, a lovely girl of sixteen, named Ko-ai; and when she learned what was to be done, she went to a celebrated astrologer and asked the cause of her father's failure. Some demon, she was told, required a maiden's blood to be mixed with the metal, and unless this was done, the next casting would be a failure, like the others. Ko-ai at once took her resolution. She got leave from her father to be present at the cast- ing; and amid the dead silence which prevailed when the taps were drawn and the molten stream poured down into the mould, a shriek was heard, and crying out, 'For my father,' Ko-ai threw herself headlong into the seething metal. One of the workmen tried to seize her, but only succeeded in getting hold of a shoe, which came off in his hand. The father had to be held back by force from following Ko-ai's example. He was taken home a raving madman; but the bell was perfect in make and tone, and when struck, its sonorous boon is to this day followed by a low wailing sound like the wail of a woman in agony, and when people hear it they say, 'There's poor Ko-ai calling for her shoe.' " Where did those tales come from which we call the Arabian Nights? Some of them, we know, tell us about Chinese emperors and princesses—Badroulboudour, to wit. Of others, Chinese legends give us other forms. Thus "Open Sesame" finds its parallel in the story of a cave, near which lived a poor young herdsman, who bore the not unusual name of Chang. One day, as he was pass- ing, he heard a voice say, "Stone door open; Mr. Kwei-ku is coming." The cave opened, and the invisible speaker entered, and by-and-bye the same voice said, "Stone door, shut; Mr. Kwei-ku is going." Where- upon the cave closed, so, that no one could see where the entrance had been. Chang at once determined to see what was inside; so, one day, taking care that Mr. Kwei-ku was gone out, he used the formula, and at once gained an entrance. Chinese legends are often unpractical, so we need not wonder that there is no hint of any treasure inside. It was simply a vast, romantic cavern. He came out, shut the door by using the proper form of words, and then told his only living relative, his grandmother. She must needs see it too; but, wandering inside, they got separated, and Chang, fancying she had left first came out and closed the cave's mouth. Not finding her at home, he rushed back, horror- striken, to seek her; but now all his efforts to obtain an entrance failed. The magic words had lost their power; and he felt that his grandmother must be either starved to death or devoured by Mr. Kwei-ku. Just then this dreaded personage appeared to him, and told him that the fates had taken his grandmother; the cave demanded a victim. Let him marry, and take comfort in the thought that his children would have power over demons. And so it was; Chang's son became "the master of heaven," the first holder (A.D. 25. is about the date assigned to the story) of an office which has lasted on to the present day. Stories of magic tombs are found among most peoples, nor are they wanting in China. Kungming was a sort of Chinese Michael Scott; and one day the Emperor Hung-wu and his chief councillor, passing near his tomb, were seized with a wish to visit it. The Emperor and his courtier wore suits of iron mail, after the fashion of those days; so, breaking through into the antichamber, they read an inscription that whoever visited the tomb, should have his hands tied—a prophecy fulfilled by their hands getting for some time fast wedged into the passage through which they squeezed themselves. Breaking through the second door, they found several figures, toward which they began to be attracted by an irresistible force. Full of terror, they flung off their armour and fled, noting as they ran out another inscrip- tion, which may be rendered thus: "I'll strip off the skin Of whoso ventures in To open this my grave." Of course the figures were of loadstone, which in the legends of mediæval Europe, as well as in the Arabian Nights and in Chinese stories, was credited with very mysterious powers. When Confucius died, one of his disciples cased his coffin in load- stone; and thus the Emperor Chin was baffled in his attempt to open the sage's tomb—the workmen's pickaxes and spades lost their heads, the armour of the soldiers on guard was stripped off their bodies; altogether things took such a strange turn that the attempt was given up. Even the Judgment of Solomon finds its parallel in China, only the mandarin who plays Solomon orders that the child shall be taken away from both women, and brought up as a government official. He judges that the real mother will eagerly accept so good a chance for her offspring, while the woman who only wanted to sell the babe, or to use it in begging, will clamour for its restoration. He therefore hands the little one to the claimant who, though with tears and sobs, had accepted his proposal. The story is said to be historical, but we may suspect that it was derived from Indian or Semitic sources. That is just the difficulty in all these cases. The myth may have travelled eastward in the wake of the earliest caravans, or with the other teaching of those Nestorian Christians who penetrated into the heart of China long before the Tartar conquests, and whose influence on Buddhism has not yet been adequately taken into account. When we know more of Chinese literature, we shall see what stories really do date from pre-Christian times, and are therefore presumably home-grown. Till then we must be content to be more puzzled than Solomon, of whose judgment here is another more Chinese version. A certain workman had a very good-looking wife, and they loved each other tenderly. But white dogs in China are often sad dogs; and, moreover, have sometimes the power of taking what human shape they like. So a white dog took the workman's shape, and walked into his house. Fortunately, he had miscalculated the time; for, just as he entered, the real husband returned, and the wife was thrown into a very piteous dilemma. Which was her husband she could not for the life of her make out. So she did as a sensible Chinese woman would—made them both go with her to the mandarin's yaméa. But the mandarin was just as puzzled as the wife, the two men were so exactly alike. Fortunately, however there was in the yaméa a most convenient tiger which never would touch men, but was accustomed to feed on dogs. Knowing, therefore, the villainous ways of white dogs, the magistrate ordered both the self- styled husbands to be put into the tiger's cage. The tiger at once flew at and devoured the dog, and the woman got her real husband back; and they went off, praising the magistrate's wisdom. Here is the Chinese Penelope. Pak-li- shi was a restless spirit always longing for adventure. He married and had a son, and then disappeared and was away more than thirty years, rising, meanwhile, to be Prime Minister in a neighbouring state (this was in the days when China was a group of kingdoms). One day his son saw a proclamation signed Pak-li-shi, and told his mother, who was reduced to be a wandering needle-woman. They agreed to go and see what the likeness of name might mean, and when they got to the capital of the kingdom, the mother turned ballad singer, and scraped acquaintance with the great man's servants. They told her that their master was subject to fits of low spirits through the loss of his family, which he had been for years unable to find. She persuaded them to let her try if her songs would soothe him, improvised a touching ballad, was recognised, and they were happy ever after. 