WITH WHtOH IS ISDORrorlATED THE LAUNCESTOX TIMES. [PUBLISHED DAILY.] SATURDAY, JAN. 17, 1880. ' Large and liberal projects of repro ductive expenditure,' to adopt the language of a contemporary who de plores their possible adoption, arc exactly what this colony requires. It is useless to go ' mooning' on, your after year, in the same old worn out groove, only to see tho youth of Tasmania, arrived at a certain enterprising age, flee from its shores, Dimply because there is no prospect — nothing to do, although slioy lore the beautiful JittJ.r island, bo full of undeveloped re sources, in which they first drew broatii. TIjoj find the placo slow, and when they cross over to South Australia, Victoria, or New South Wales, they naturally contrast the life and energy, pervading those go ahead commnnitiefl with oor relative dullness and apathy. It is true that we famish a home, and a very pleasant, and happy Lome too, for hnndreds, hot there is nothing under a wise system of legislation to prevent our converting those hundreds into thousands imbued with j the necessary push and energy inseparable from dense populations. Soil, climate, natural resources are all on our side, and it is the opinion of many competent to jadge, that there is no place of the same site richer than Tasmania in mineral products, bidden away under vast primeval forests or horiBontal scrnb. People have got old and have settled on their lees, but instead of rejoicing in generous thoughts have become sour and see nothing in a liberal expenditure on reproductive works but ruin and bankruptcy. Like the old itinerant Kentish fish retailer who always counter-balanced tho basket of fish on 'one Bide of his old horse with a basket fnll of Btones on the other side, ' because bia father had always done so, and he was quite as good, ay and « good deal better than himself'— we have many who womd not bo wiser than their fathers in tbc utilities of ordinary life. Tas mania wonld continue to carry the unnecessary basket of stonts, in lieu of fish, to the end of time, if certain timid, byper- ConBcrvatives, could hare their my. We should like, excessively, to sec some member of that party endowed with the power of reasoning logically (o chaw the public of Tasmania how it could possibly be injured, or otherwise than improved, by the early opening up of any field in which payable goltl or tin is known to cxiBt ? The con tinued construction of passable and inexpensive roads would only be like paying down a sixpence of the public money, U- tako up in the shortest possi ble space of time, a shilling. If the tin deposits of the Mount Uischoff Com pany, whicb has already spent somo six or seven thousand pounds in opening up its means of transit, could be brought nearer to us, as it were, by an extension of the line of rail at anything like a reasonable cost, is there anyone who trill say that this praotical rapprochement of Mount Bischoff to its natural outlet, and port of shipment would he anything bnt a benefit to the colony t True, it may be said to benefit oue indtvidnal company more than another, but the aggregate of individual interests, goes to make op the wealth of an empire. It is this narrow policy of fear and jealousy which retards the island. Wherever and in whatever locality, be it North, or South, East, o West, a payable breadth of agricultural taod, or a known valuable mineral dc-r posit of any large area, may exist, Go vernment is notonly justified in attempt ing to open it up by the best appli ances at its disposal, and whatever may be the state of our finances, lint it is culpable in onreyes if it fail to do so. It is by such meanB alone that the colony will be relieved of the incubus of debt and deficiency pressing upon a sporee population. We, as a com munity of energetic Celts and Anglo Saxons, do not wish so to ignore onr race and hereditary instincts asto be con tinual toiling painfully in the roar of constantly advancing civilization rrbile other lections of our ener getic blood-relatives in different parts of the globe are 'in the foremost ranks of time.' It does very well for what are wrongly termed, ' old women,' thus to lag behind, the real fact being that the laggards are men and not women, who, throughout Austral In, and most of all in Tasmania, aro remarkable for their energy and tavoire fain. It is the effete male element of an (in England) all bnt extinct specie* of the gauu homo that is keeping this inland behind tho rest of the world. This element in the com munity possesses broad acres, crowds of aheep and cattle, and holds the fco simple of tbc island, bnt it is terribly nnpro gressire, and it occupies tbc Upper Honse with a majority of representa tives that check-malo all advance. It is the same in Victoria where, what with its Sir Charles bladens and the Uvy of ancient legislators, absentee landholders eprnd'mg their colossal incomes in London and Paris, and the general insouciance in the wealthy class ss regards the poorer, revolution seems nsar at hand there. In any cose Tas mania must and will have ' reproduc tive expenditure' as a first and neces sary step to progress. Thb Mercury of yesterday is very severe upon the member for Eelby, for having-, during the debate on Thursday evening, drawn ' a gloomy picture which should only lead to one conclu sion — our existence as a colony is a miracle,' There is many a true word Bpoken in jest, end if our contem porary will neriotuly review the financial history of the past fifteen or twenty years, it will certainly l-e discovered that any advance tbe colony has made lias nen almost tin result ot nnreculo'iB interpositions, and certainly ia not due to any prescience or statesmanlike fore thought on the part of those who have been entrusted with the Government of the colony. Mr Just was perfectly accurate when he elated Die results of our system of Government to havo been continually recurring deficienciet, con tinual borrowing and taxing, lor. the mere purpose of making ends meet and be was certainly not far wrong when he declared that unless an alteration was made in the whole system, the same results would follow tbe scheme now submitted to the country. As for miraculous interposition, what has saved tho colony almost from bankruptcy on several occasions within the period to which wo refer ? First, our railway and public worksexpenditurc, nr.i! Btwndlr, the mineral discoveries. Certainly the rulers of the country can tako little credit to themselves for any display of wisdom in connection with the railway expenditure. For yearfi and years it was opposed tooth and nail ; and when tho construction of a railway was ot laBt authorised, it has as the result of yoars of most extraordinary agitation in the northern part o( the island, it had to be undertaken by a private company, and the peopls of the north had to pledge their properties for tho payment of the interest. So with the Hum Line. It was consistently opposed for yoars by our leading pou'licinus, and when sanc tioned at last, another private Company was interposed to create as Ejach confusion and loss to the State as possible. Tasmania has nothing to thank her system of Government for it the matter of railways. As to the gold, tin, and other mineral discoveries, sorely it cannot be contended that these are the result of good fovemmeut. If we go back to the time when Mr Colonial Hecnluj Benty, in answer to art offer to open up a rich gold mine on the present site of Deaoonsfield, replied that the Government did not rieBire the dis covery of gold in Tasmania, and trace our mineral history down to tiio present it will be found that our system of government has really done more to retard, than to assist the development of our mineral resources. It is true the extreme richnesB of tho mineral fields, boa forced them into notice, and that of late years an increasing raining popu lation has campclled'attentiou on the part of tbc Government. Still it must be con fessed all thai has been done has been in the most half-hearted manner, and that, in consequence, the tnineral progress of the country has been greatly delayed. Tbe natural richness ot the tninerst Gelds, not our system of Government, is the ' miracle' which has saved tho country from a state closely bordering upon national ruin. Those who uave watched the progress of the oolooy, and can impartially rcriow the past, will be able to verify every word advanced by Mr. Just, from facts within their own knowledge, or if stronger proof be wanting, by direct extracts from the leading columns of the Mercury itself. The member for Sdhy declares that unless the whole system of Go vernment c&u; 1% reformed, tbe history of the past will be repeated in the future, and that the financial tinker ing now resorted to for tbe eimplo purtoscof making ''ends meet,' will require to be about annual for t*ic same great purpose Mr Dobson was good cnongh to refer to Mr Just as having 'a political Utopiaof his own.' Very likely, but it is not beyond the power o- realisation. We are snch believers in the natural resources of this colony, that we feel assured wcro the system of Go reraoicnt simplified, and such as (o encourage the growth of population, we might soon realise an orer-Sowing Treasury, and prevent for ever the recurrence of the financial embarrass ments for which the colony is now bo distinguished, IsTBEMTisa to On Deities *kd otdii Deiv»bs.— Dtblin «ai onee des cribed by one nbo Ineir wbat be 1MB talking about, as ' the most car drlvlngest city in the whole wuirld,' and Launccston seems to be emulating Dublin as far a. circumstances will permit. Tbe lii'dy ot car driven, parcel delivery cart drivers, rlray driven, who, with the dash and ipirit of a 'forlorn hope'1 ctorfn the sides of steamers from Melbourne, and rush up tbe gangways tho lostant those are placed in position, precludes all possibility of Ibe passengers reaching the wharf unleai th'y lower tbemtelves down br some other means tban the gangways, f bis obttructlon has become so serious a grievance that His Worship tbe Mayor has slvon Instructions to tbe nolire to put the law in force ogaiast crcrf driver trbo leares bis Iiorse and vehicle to rush on board and contribute his quota of confusion in a furious wbv on any Bteatntr. Unde tbc new aud legal arrange ment all the drivers will sUnd an equal chance of being employed, vhilo the paasen. gcrs wi:l bare an opportunity of selecting be vehicle they require, without having their luggage hauled about in defiance ot their hrotfislationa and entreaties to 'be off, and cave the Juegage alone.' The penalty lor the species of misconduct complained of Is 40s and cocti, and itis |-robahle that the fall penalty will bo Inflicted at first if only pour encouraj/er Ut autrel. T0i Crrv Bird — There was again a food attendance in J he grounds of tbe Invalid Depot lait evening, when the City Band gave Another of their popular promenade concerts. The weather was tine,eud the view down the lake-like river very beautiful. SraiMKK men Mkuujdrni ? The Hindors Is due here this afternoon, and most likely she vill be the bearer of what ever mail! Uie F. and O. Compsny'a II.M.S.B. Indus may have brought for this colony. CouaT or Revision. — A Court of Iterlsion for revising the Electoral Uoll for tbe District nf Morrcu will be held at tbe Coun cil unamuen, bvaoaaie, at Jl o,m. ou 28tn inst. A similar court for revising tbe Electoral Boll for the District of Wellington will be held at the Police office Stanley, at 11 a*m, on the esmc day. Sil* of IUcs Booths —On Saturday, the Slst instant, Mr W. T. JJell will alter for sale at the Mart, at 12 o'clock, sharp, tbe ooenpfttion of Grand Stand, Oommittra Uooth, four booths on the course, authority for four refreithiucnt stalls, and for the right ot stabling hone, at tbe course, Georoi Towk Kom Tbdst.— Prom the letter of our Plper'fl River correspondent published ia aualber oalumu 10-dav. it will to seen that tueinhabiunts of Lower riperare petitioning His Excellency tbe Governor for the division ol the George Town Road Trust, and the erection of a new trust for their special locality. There ceu be no doubt that the area under control of the George Town Trust in too large, whilst tbe revenue of tho trust is remarkably small, and we can quite understand that the Pipers Hirer settlers hare not that attention accorded to tlialr tjhuU which ts dedraulo. It will, ot course, he said that the funds of the trust are Impartially adminlsterrAand that the Lower l'iiier set- It. fair (haiy, but this is hardly good enough. The settlement is fast rising ato importance, agriciiUuro is nudclng cnal advances, and the rosirtmte ob lit spot -rould he able to reu tnemsql'M aanordjng to requirements, aud to manage 'their own attain, tetter tuna they coo ho managed by a hoard sluing at a distance, and wun tio demands of its own imnudlalo locality con stantly prossiug for premier consideration; WeJisrellltleAmW Hut tbe Cower .Sifter's Hirer people, will hare l^ie boon of self* governnient'extcnded'tdtheuvwucn we hope to torn fo*c complaint! about the state of the roads of the settlement, (hah tart ot late b-u rewind. Ad ViUJElB. — The proposal o( Govern ment to lay partial ad mloretn duties upon articles of Import connected with the drapery trade, meets with conslderodlc dig. approval, and ctrUlnly aetms likely to result fo much Inconvenience to the importer., especially when we know that ao raanr assorted packages arrive from the neighbor iag colonies. We (runt the Treasurer wiii assent to an alteration 'In detail as regunls this pro[io»l, and agree to eollfct till ciple. HltCEivuD.— We are iu receipt of a printed sheet from the Secretary of. the General ?Von OfBoe, Houart Town, having reference to and particulars of frauking and exemp tions from postage in Tasmania. The votes and prooee lings of the Bouse of Assembly, Nos. 20-21. Tho correspondence and con. tract bet woeu the T.S.N. Co., the Secretary of tho General Post Glflcc and the Govern ment re the nctr postal communication arrangements with ilelbourne. The report with appendices by the Administrator of ObariUihto Grants upon the system of li jordlng out children ore also to hand, fag next, aud tor four successive nights from that dale, Froteisor Pepper will give a scries of his celebrated lecture entertainments on 'Light and Optics,' in the McclMjiicn' In srltul*, coupled with an exhibition of the electric light, aud a number of beautiful and brilliant eipcrlrueuni. In Great Britain tbe Professor has the highest reputation as a popular exponent of s'Ience and as a lec turer, bis lams extending ovsr a period of Dearly loitf years, while mare recently ia America he bos lectared to crowded houses, and everywhere been received with the highest tokens^ of approbation. As the originator °* th* ghost Illusion, alone, Pro fessor Pepper's name is familiar to tno whole EngliBb tp?aking world, while (here are those in Taunama who can still remember his lectures at the Polytechnic Institution in London, dellverei more than a third of a century afro, and ivhicb continued increas ingly popular down to that stJtl recent day when, iu an evil moment for Itself, the Polytechnic severed connection with Us ablest employf, and thereby lost much of its earlier vrntigr. We Blit.1V return to this subject in a further notice in another issue, but meanwhile we can only alvlse all— old and young, rich and poor, who wish to be entertained and instructed, to attend one or more of bis uouular lectures. A Co. LI6l0K.-~ Yesterday afternoon, at (be junction of Patterson and Charles streets, a collision occurred between a small private trap and a parcel delircry expresB cart. The parcel delivery was befog driven by a bov at a rapid rate up Charles street, and come iu contact with the other vehicle, which contained a lady and gentleman, at the crowing of Patterson street. The hone of the delivery csrt becaraefixed by the foot lathe wheel of the gig, which veuietcsm tatn&a; some slight damage. Through the assistance of a few bystanders the boisc »*s extricated. It is difficult to attsch tbc blar&e; upon either of the parties concerned, as a careletkness in driving was shown in each casr, hut we tblok that there are already too many youths entrusted with the care of driving horses through the town ?vho hare not yet attains! the age prescribed by law to allow their acting In such capacity. It Is a oomuion practice Vn Launceslon for mere boys to drive licensed vehicles through the streets, notwithstanding* that a law has been flamed for tbe prevention of Bach an offence, which, in the instance we have ;-re- vioualv mentioned, ncarlv terminated seriously. Tamau Rkoatta.— A committee meeting vas held at the City Hotel lout evening for the purpose of rccciring tonders, &c.; The following were accepted — Air 1'anton's fur tha committee booth, and Mr. H Brans' far No. 2 pnbliaan'a booth. The Bt. Joseph'. Band arc again the lucccasful tenderers for the musical portion of the bill of fare lo he presented to tbe public on Begattu day. It was letl to the 'secretary to arrange for disposal of temperance booth, and hiring buoyti an'J beacons. A letter was read from the Colonial Secretary, intimating that Hit Kiccllrncy had apptovod of the public offices in Launccsum being closed on the llegalbi day. Tho re.ult on several subscription lists were reported, and the result eo far was considered satisfactory. 6evtral members of the committee were absent, so no genrrul uusinePB was transacted. The next meeting will beheld in tbe middle of next week. Dei.0s.ii--* JUkd.— The annual meeting of the Deloralne town baud wa9 bold in the Council Chambers there yesterday; Mr Shepherd In the chair, Tbe secretary read their nnl annual report which showed tbu the operations of the hand hod been intended with success. Their present master was twentyeight, aud the debt caused by tbc purcliase of instruments hod keen almost cleared off. Considerahlo proficiency wa. being attalnel by the band under the con ductonhlp of Ur Wallace. They bad appeared upon several occasions fn public for charitable purposes. Tbo public were to be thanked for tbeir liberal support for by their liberality over £100 hod beeu raised towards tbe funds. It was decided to issue honorary members tfclct ts upon a subscrip tion being paid of Si., aud which would admit the bolder of such ticket free to all concerts given er tl' hand. Ur Wallace was re engaged as Instructor. Tbe balance sheet was tabled,! showing the receipts a- £941 lOi. Id., the cxpenditun; eqoallr cororing that amount. The report aud balance sheet as read Wf-re adopted. Tbe usual election of offlce luarors for the curteut y«ar afterwords took pl.ee, aad resulted In tbe President, Secretary and TrcaiUrer being unanimously re-elected. After a vote of thanks was cordially passed to these (rentlcmen the business of tbe meeting dosed. Tbe New TaBirr ? Tho buuncsa of tbe meeting of importers of drapery aad other goods held at the Bri.baue Hold, on Thursday evening, and adjourned, was re sumed there last eren'ni. A draft of a letter, addressed to the Colonial Treasurer, woa submitted, considered, and adopted. The Chairman was requested to forward tbs letter to the Colonial Treasurer, but the mceUug did not consider It advisable to publish Its contents at present, MoKEil- PoFBUB CojFCiBM.— Tlie fifth concert of the sr-ries of Monday Popu lar Concerts, in the ParilUon Is announced for Mondav evening next, when Fraulein Pietzsker, the great German soloist, daugh ter of Here Fleuaker, pupil of Mendelssohn, Is engaged to perform on a grand pianoforte liy Upp, kindly lent by Ifr A. W. liircliall, president of the Mechanics' Institute. Offenbach's comic operatta, Blind Beggars, will be produced In character. St. Jowtih's Ene baud will perform choice selection, of mmic in the Park, which will be brilliantly Illuminated. Mr J, J. Pullard, iuo., will oecnpy tire pnilinn or conductor of the con cert. I'reullcn Pietcsker will give u grand fantasia on airs from Lucia 61 Lammermoor unJ Chopin's grand Polonaise. The Odd Fallows' Hill— The Sec retary to the Odd Fellows' Hall, CommllUe, notifies that tbe entortalament* adverUscd to he held at tbe Odd Fellows' Hall, on Tuesday and Wednesday evening next, will not take place, the Committee objecting to Uie hall being used for the purpose announ ? ced in the bills. LiUKCISION BlNEVOLIST SoCIITV.— fatum of the number of persons relieved during tbe week ending Jan. Htb, 1860 ,— 13 men, 40 women, 66 children. Tfli Nival Flibt.— A number of the marines and seamen belonging to II.M.S. Wolrcrrnoand I1.M.S. Danae was exercised fn the Queen's Doratia, on Thursday morn ing (the 'llorcury' says), In Held and Infantiy drill, going through various evolu tions |n (highly creditable nsnner. Tbe band o! Its Wolverene icai also in attendance, and performed a number of Instrumental pieces with the usual success. We Ic.rn tint it is contemplated to hold anaval review of the men belonging to all the ships of Uie Naval Fleet on Monday. Tbs Vmnt» Vomtotepjis.— Tic Co. lonlal Twaswer-i hudnt has not been re Calved with fsvor by the volunteers of the lorth, some of the proposes redoerJoiu having orea'ed considerable dlssatlafaction, and parlloolarly that which proposes to with. raw the allowance, of Uk, oonmarjdant Tbc officers of Uie force have addressed letters of reraonatianoe to the Bon. Colonial Secretary, and alsolo the Colonial Traa. jurer, »l!cl we trust may han the effect of. nducinglhc aorcmmSt torelnKutt this tern. 