THE MINING EEVTVAL AT BALLARAT. A great change for the better has lately taken place in the prosperity and prospects of the Ballarat district. The discovery of pay able quartz-reefs running through the heart of the city has given a remarkable impetus to mining enterprise, and has imparted new lifo and hope to hundreds of prospeetors who have for years been struggling against adver sity. The geological features of the Ballarat goldfields present a number of extremely in teresting problems. It is well known what vast yields of gold have been obtained from the alluvial workings, whose ramifications extend in almost every direction round the district, but of course these claims were in course of time exhausted, and all the rich draft was washed up and the gold extracted. Yet, so extensive was the alluvial plateau that it kept Ballarat going for over a quarter of a century, providing employment for thousands of miners, and centralising other industries. But during that time mining men were anxiously casting their eyes about and speculating as to what was to be the future of Ballarat when the alluvial claims were worked out. The question was for years discussed—why are there no quartz reefs on Ballarat similar to those on Sandhurst ? In Sandhurst numerous reefs of fabulous richness were opened out in the early days, and they have been worked ever since, being almost inexhaustible, but no such reefs were to be found at Ballarat. A few patches of quartz were to be met with here and there, cropping up on the surface, but nothing that corresponded with the auriferous character of the drift. That there were reefs from which in prehistoric times these golden deposits had been washed was a necessary inference, but where these reefs were was a question which almost a generation of mining speculators failed to answer. Meanwhile the yield of gold from the old mines were falling off; claims were getting worked out and abandoned ; miners were leaving the district, and enterprise was being baffled and discou raged. The value of property went down; houses were left teuautless to go to ruin and decay, and on the whole the prospects of Ballarat were indeed very gloomy. But Ballarat men have always been noted for their pluck and energy, and year after year the search for quartz reefs was continued with all the energy that limited capital could bring to bear, and at last success has given the reward to which such honest and persistent industry was entitled. In the great work of prospect ing for reefs many men have run through fortunes, which they made out of the alluvial workings ; and the ultimate discovery of the true quartz lodes has only been achieved by a succession of broken fortunes and broken companies. Many have sown where others are now reaping a golden harvest. The important discovery of a payable quartz reef was first made about twelve months ago by the Band and Albion Consols, one of the pioneer companies of Ballarat; and the cir cumstances connected with this discovery are of a very remarkable character. This company formerly carried on alluvial opera tions, and produced many thousand ounces of gold. They occupy a large area of ground about half a mile from the centre of the city, on the right bank of the Yarrowee Creek. From their easterd shaft a crosscut was put into the westward for a distance of 500 feet, and a reef was cut, which, on a trial crushing, was found to contain gold in payable quan tities. It is a singular fact that the Kohinoor Company was prospecting and driving for years in search of the supposed reef, but all their operations were directed westward toward? the alluvial diggings. Not a single drive was put in through the eastern part of their ground where the reef has been formed. The Band and Albion shaft, from which the lode was struck, stands a considerable dis tance to the south-east of the Kohinoor ground ; consequently a crosscut, driven in a western direction at right angles with the supposed line went through the reef. Had the Kohinoor Company driven towards the east instead of the wrst they would have come upon the reef twenty years ago, and the whole history of Ballarat would have been changed. Of course as soon as the existence of this reef became known, and its auriferous quality es tablished beyond doubt, attention was directed to quartz mining generally, and companies were formed all along the line northwards; for the Ballarat reefs, like those at Sandhurst, run in parallel lines, north and south. The Band and Albion ground is the extreme point to the south at which the new reef has been traced so far; but it has been traced nearly a quarter of a mile from that claim north wards, and wherever found has been carrying gold in laTge quantities. It appears to be running through the city somewhere under a street known as Raglan-street. It increases in width as it is followed down. At a depth of 600 feet it was nearly 20 feet wide, and all of it will pay for crushing, being said to average 1 oz. per ton. Since attention has been so completely drawn to quartz mining consequent on this grand discovery, it has b?en ascertained beyond doubt that there are at least three well defined lodes of quartz reef running through Ballarat, one at the east called the Black- hill, the Consols running under Raglan-street, as just described ;' and the Prince of Wales, which is further to the west. ' The result of the discovery of gold in the Consols reef was before long seen in the form of a general revival of miuing enterprise, the rehabilation of companies once all but defunct, and the extension of drives and of shafts not only on that line but all over the district. No such excitement has been seen in the colony since the Sandhurst rush of 1871\. All who recollect that great event will be able to form a pretty good idea of what has been going on in Baliarat within the last six months. The present rush is certainly not of such wild and extravagant proportions as those of the Sandhurst mania, when that city was invaded with people from all parts of Australia; when men used to walk the streets all night unable to get a night's lodging; when Btock jumped up to extraordinary prices, aiter wards to come travelling down again. In those times many sold out their houses aud homes in order to gamble in bubble companies, and no doubt in every great development of public enterprise there is a strong tendency to foster the gambling spirit, and that ope rates until a re-action s is in and people find that they have been over - speculating. Some of the lessons of the Sandhurst fever have had a salutary effect in toning down the present excitement at Ballarat, and moderating the prices of stock. Still there are to be seen some of the usual symptoms of reckless speculation mixed up with legitimate investment. Companies have been lately floated at the rate of thirty a week, and the share market is now quite inundated with bubble scrip. Small areas of ground have been cut up and sub-divided ; tributes and even sub-tributes formed. One company has no fewer than five tributes. The Ballarat men have beaten Sandhurst speculators in the •way of creating tributes. At Sandhurst no company ever had so many as five tributes, and certainly they never got so far as sub tributes ; that is tributes granted by tributors •who hold of the original company. The pro cess of sub-division of interest and property is rather embarrassing to bona fide investors, and is all in favor of jobbers and dealers, as it increases the amount of negotiable stock, and tends to raise prices and commissions. It involves a more expensive method of manage ment and manipulation, necessitating addi tional sets of offices, manager, directors, books, scrip, and registration. "But this is by ro means the worst feature of the sub-division of company system ; it involves the outlay of large capitals in sinking shafts and putting in drives along a small section of a reef, .where one large company could do as much work . and make as much progress as several small isolated partnerships, and at perhaps a third o£ the cost. The multiplication of companies appears to b^ the alu:ost inevitable outcome of such an institution as the Corner at Bal larat, as it was the result of the Bealiive at, Sandhurst. It is needles to say that, with the revival of mining, the Corner sprang once more into existence, with twice its former glory and ex- • citement; and it is now the centre of attrac tion for thousands of speculators who have flocked to its precincts from all parts of Aus tralia. The dullness of the times three or four years ago scattered the well-organised legions of brokers who for so long lived ut tlie Corner, gambled " from early morn till dewy eve," aud squandered their own and other people's fortune there. Some went to Sand hurst, others to Melbourne ; some toot to bookmaking, and became bright and shining lights of the turf ; most found a respectable: mediocrity in the poverty of hard tiuies. But with the recent impetus to quartz reefing many of the old brokers and accomplished metalliciaus, who ruled the Corner in iorruer. years, have found their way back to their old hauiits, and are once more engaged in their favorite sport. In that big crowd which every day congregates in front of Kirk's Hotel, now" known as the Corner, there are to be seen the well-known faces of many who migrated to Sandhurst during the rush of 1871. Some new men have made their appearance on the scens—some for speculative purposes, and others to find scope for the investment of capital. It must be remarked that although there is a great deal of rash work going on, aud large sums of money being wasted, a con siderable amount of capital has been pouring: into Ballarat from every quarrer of the colony, so strong is the feeling of confidence in the newly discovered resources of the dis trict. The great dangers are in over specula tion, the formation of too many companies, the sinking of shafts along imaginary lines of reef, and the expenditure of money in places where there is not sufficient evidence of the existence of quartz i-eefs. In the ground of companies where reefs have been actually found, share dealing, as far as it goes, is fair and reasonable enough, but those who go be yond that limit will not do so with absolute impunity, as many who went in for bubble companies at Sandhurst found to their cost. Whilst these are dangers against which in dividuals may be warned, there is also a danger to the district itself, which should not be lost sight of by those who are interested in its permanent development. An abundance of money is yet required to open out the Consols Reefs, where the gold is known to exist. Yery few of those newly-organised or resuscitated companies have begun to pay dividends. A carefully-compiled list shows that there are only ten dividend- paying com panies on Ballarat proper at present, namely: —Band and Albion Consols, Band of Hope Quartz, Black-hill, Duchcss, New Kohimoor, Llamberis, New Dimock, Parade, Sergeant's freehold, Washington's Freehold. As against these ten dividend-paving companies, there are one hundred non-dividend-paying com panies which can only be described as having fair prospects, and about an equal number which can hardly be said to have a ghost of a show—at any rate, not at present. Now, if thousands of pounds are spent in unprofitable works and heavy expenses incidental to the floating of unneessary companies, the capital required to erect machinery and cany on operations along the known lines of reef will not be forthcoming when it is wanted. Q.uartz mining on Ballarat is only in its infancy, and much is yet to be done both in the way of developing such reefs as the Con sols, the Black-hill, and the Prince of Wales, and in preparing for deep sinking. Four or five hundred feet deep is comparatively shallow sinking in quartz mining, particularly when that is above the water level as it is in Ballarat. Whether the reafs will be traced down to such a depth as that at which they have been found on the sister goidfield yet remains to be seen. -Age. 