rp. i:rc1. :'PORTFOLIO: ; r,?;iSin"took away. God's !favour from the .:zwsdul'sadiHis?,blessing' froni the creature. ~1 It put-bitterness into'the soul that it can.' lr;'not relish the creature, and itnput vanity l ;' into- the creature so that :it- cannot Isatisfy !ithe 'soul., So, th'en, the creature cannot be ever a proportionable hippiness'to man \- .till it'bringos lona with it God reconciled ,'lend, beloved; for so long di it i's empty of God, so long must it needs he fill of vanity and vexation.-Bishop' Reyolds. .. :Thedesire. of self-gratification is the , cause, of all the :distresses ofthe iheart: -.,-But he who receives, Jesus. Christ es a -?"Saviour enjoys peace; and:not only peace i.,:but purity of heart. All sanctificatiin of :,nithe- heart is a fruit of faith :. fr faith is a .;T: divine work in us,,.which: changes us and ,;s gives us a new birth, emanating.frnm God ,0;:'Himself.. It kills the old: Adam- in:us; rand, by the Holy Ghost 'which is'-cnm" nui:. municated to us; it gives us a new heart .!: and makes us new men. It is not by r: ,empty speculating, hut by thbis practical .?, method.- that we can obtain a saving know. rii ledge of Jesus Christ.-Luther.' -r "'If we took but the same care of our in. ward dispositions, from a sense of: God's presence, as we do of our outward depirt ment before an earthly superior, we should soon be prepared for His most searching ' operations.-Adanms. A.correspondent writes:--"In an ar ticle in the Fortnightly Review, Professor Tyndall says he shares the German philo sopher Virchow's opinion that the theory of evolution in its complete form involves :the assumption that, at some period or other of the earth's history, there occurred what would be now called spontaneou. generation, 'a doctrine (he adds) that is now utterly discredited.' That may he; but the time will come when it will take rank with other ' doctrines,' once discre. dited, but now accepted-when the lan guage of Scripture, 'In the -beginning wvasethe'Worrd, and' t? WInrdr was with Gid, and lthe, VWrd was God ''* and the W\Vrd beicame fleih,' vidl be uinderstood a, describing the operation of.a divine law, which foundi 'apoutaneous' development in' the Incarnatliii ; and; markinag the completion of creative' and redemptive work by, the exclamnation on the Cress, "I is finished,"' retu'rned to the plHce with God whence the ;Word-;the to us mysterlous'principl6'of phyiical and spii tual life.-in the beginning iame." 