SPECIALITIES. EVERY great movement should have its mot. It is incomplete without it. They understand that in France. The mot is the embodiment of the principle that a[?]ates events. I'[?] the mot .■.itiv-.tt, liir i i :Ci|>;«* is iu«r» I'll' fi»ii' M'-eiirt iit-buia, «itu»ui i.riu, c*b>l without trguUr orbit. It float*, luuiiuoiiH yet interuutteiit, in a plane that may invite speculation, but has no rapport with human emotion. It is impalpable. It is indigestible. Suddenly, U mot is born. The principle is embodied in a capsule. We touch, taste, and handle it We swallow it. We assimilate it It becomes part of us, and we of it Let us illustrate from history ; for the sake of whose dignity, however, we throw over the capsule, and return to the nebula. The political firmament was a lurid haze. The arch of the social heaven was one immense Will-o'-the-wisp. Coruscations everywhere, and gases unspeakable. Nothing like it since the creation of the world. Men called it "Revolution," but that might mean anything, from spinning a coin to man* slaughter. Suddenly the nebula orbed itself into a threefold constellation, LiberU, EgcdiU, Fraterniti. The mot had come, and with it clearsightedness, and the quicken* ing emotion of conviction. Men knew at once what they were after, and marched straightway to blood and carnage. Such is the effect of le mot. Will nobody help us out of this—editor, printer, or devil ? We are trying to get at the Anti-Chinese Committee, but have lost ourselves in the interstellar spaces. Ah, it all comes back to us. Here we are again. " Australia for Europeans." That was what suggested it These anti- Celestials have shown that they appreciate the value of It mat. In plain Italian- English they are looking out for a motto, and the above has been submitted by one of themselves. We like it. It has all the Requisites of the mot. It is square. It is round. It has fixity. It has mobility. It is pivotal. It is brief, but compre hensive. It is condensed, but expansive. It is liberal, but exclusive^ It is attractive, but re* pulsive. Though inanlar, it is continental. Though patriotic, it has a humanit-Aryan aapeot It is short, but goes all lengths. It is neat, but can be taken hot with. It goes the whole hog, pig-tail and aIL And see the effect of the mot/ It at onoe raises a small committee of half-a-dozen or so, with disposable funds of, say, £230, to the sub lime position of an incarnate principle that defies three continents. We have only one objection to it We should like it to be something that even John himself could understand without the aid of an interpreter. If we mean to flutter the celestial dove-cotes, we should do it in pidgin* English. It is possible that the committee may even yet call for tenders for a motto ; in whioh case we shall suggest, a* even shorter, and more pointedly anti-Chinese, than the on* under con sideration, the ample legend—" Csbbfot wo i" "Tffli oomet is l«Tel with the rails on the railway line." Saoh it the startling telegram that oar evening contemporary received from Rockhampton, and published on Tuesday. No wonder, then, we have not been able to see it. Instead of journeying through the empty-vaulted night in proper meteoric fashion, with streamer* flying, this interesting visitant oomes stealing down one of our main trunk lines. The eminent practicality of this modern age is apparently in* fecting the Bolar system generally, and a comet, not conteot with observing the eccentric parabola that destiny has accorded him, thinks it more in accordance with modern sentiment to come by rail. This, however, cannot be endured. There has been considerable difference of opinionaatothe prudence and utility of the three main trunk lines, and it haa been asserted in Parliament that they were designed chiefly for the benefit of the Western capitalist- But the Western capitalist is at all events to some extent an employer of labor, whereas a comet —except for the few star-gazerß who follow his movements with a slavish syco phancy, watching his coming and his going through a telescope with the Bame gaping wonder with which Mrs. Smith, in the pit, eyes through her lorgnette the royal box—can be said to find employment for no one. If then these celestial idlers are to be allowed the free use of our main trunk lines, we Bay it is time to stop all further expenditure on their construction. In this case the department cannot fairly be blamed, no permission having apparently been accorded. But we want traffic managers of a firm and unyielding fibre, not likely to be influenced by celestial blandishments, and who will not hesitate a moment in refusing a right of way even to a comet, though in hia rage he should lash with hia tail Acbernar and Alpha Uruis into a jelly. In the Telegraph's item of Northern Newß we are not surprised to find that there ib a probability of all traffic being stopped for a time and considerable damage being done to the permanent way. The visitor probably has been ploughing aud pluugiug along in the same sort of boisterous manner that he is accus tomed to practise in the Milky Way, and other unfrequented thoroughfares in the stellar space. This sort of larrikiniam can't, of course, be per mitted on an orderly orb, and we trust the Minuter for Works will take the necessary pre cautions to put a stop to this abuse of a highway designed at all events primarily for the conve nience of the human race. [Our Speciality young man appears to us a little off his head on the subject of the comet, and knowiDg that he has passed several nights facing west-south west, awaiting with all the weapons of his observatory, a pipe and a telescope, the comiug of the cornet, we can fiud excuses fur his being some what distraught by his protracted vigil. Wo have referred to our contemporary's tele gram, which will not justify tin; apprehensions baaed upou it. Thia is it:—" The Nogoa River is fast subsiding, and the Comet is level with the rails on the railway line ; should more rain come on, as is feared by some, a flood which would stop all traffic for a time, and which might do considerable damage to the railway, will be inevitable."—Ed. Q-] Therh is something very satisfactory, and well worthy of imitation, In the precision with which the old AnglorSaxons estimated the pecuniary value of the different organs and members of the human frame. As may be seen from the scale of fines attachable to all possible cases of wilful mutilation, each portion of the human person had its fixed legal price. A man might be very vain of his nose, to take a prominent instance, but the law took no heed of his private appraisement, and whether snub or aquiline, straight or " tip-tilted," put the article down at nine shillings. It might be humiliating, but it could not fail to be salutary, to the man who took every opportunity of displaying his teeth, to know that an envious blow might deprive him of his incisors at the rate of only six shil lings apiece. Even that divinest of features, the eye, which more than any other seems incapable of being realised in the shape of hard cash, had its prix fixe, and was convertible into an in demnity of only fifty bob. Ah, these were good old times indeed! One knew what one was about then. You could not only pay off your grudges, but you knew exactly what you would have to pay beforehand. You could make up your mind what organ you meant to go for, and put the precise price in your pocket without fear of ulterior claims. If you thought it possible that you might inadvertently hit the party on a more expensive feature than the one aimed at, you had the satisfaction of knowing that you could go over his whole face for a ten-pound note. How terribly timtes have changed for the worse!—even taking into ac count the difference in the value of money. But it isn't the money, boys; it's the confounded uncertainty. There is no fixed price for things. One doesn't know what to aim at now. One day, the nose is as dear as the eyes ; and the next, you are ruined for life for a matter of a couple of teeth. This week you can knock a man down for five pounds; while the week before, the luxury Was estimated It ten years of penal servi tude. But, of all remarkable fluctuations, the latest Sydney quotation for black eyes exhibits the most astounding example. Alderman O'Connor wants £1000 for attack eye. To use the summary formula df Lord Jeffrey, "This will never do." The price is positively pro hibitive. But for the "0" prefixed to his name, we would be inclined to nationalize the alderman as a Hebrew ; for surely nothing short of a "Jews- eye" could represent such a sum of money. If the old pre-Norman system still held good, we doubt if his whole body would run up to such a figure. We are sure that M'Elhone sympathises with us in the desire to return to the wisdom of our forefather*. Let the human frame be mapped out, and each district properly valuated. The very beasts of the field have different prices for the different portions of their carcases. Something most certainly be done to check this wantonness. What a disgraceful advance in extravagance do we not perceive in the historical fact Wat in former times the total loss of «a eye wm indemnified by fifty shillings, while now a man claims a thousand pounds for the mere discoloration of the muscular surround ings 1 Verily, we have fallen upon evil days. It is about time that comet ot Proctor's were pitch ing into the sun. Eobofk is just at present haunted with many phantoms presaging a time of trouble, and cer tainly not the least disquieting spectre stalking abroad, with its covetous eye glaring balefully upon all property, is Communism. On this side of the globe we are to a large extent compensated for the absence of civilization in its most cultured form by the immunity we enjoy from the uncom fortable presence of these frowsy old ghosts. The purer moral atmosphere of a new country does not appear to be congenial to that particular sec tion of the proletariat who prefer philosophising on the stump to practising their legitimate handicraft. In Australia capacity for work is capital that can be turned to more certain account than in older countries, and the artisan of to- day may very easily be the capitalist of the next decade. The hopefulness of a worker's life in this country, where any position is open to him, forms a cheer ful contrast to the repressive influences that in Europe might convert him into a communistic dreamer. If he desires apples or oranges of his own without purchase he knows he must plant the seedling and await the fruit. Having continually rejoiced over this healthful in dustrial condition, it is with utmost alarm and consternation we read in our contem porary the Observer that the police-magistrate is attempting to introduce the wedge that shall burst up this proper contentment. Mr. Pinnock appears to have specially imported the most ob jectionable of these old-world spectres, and is bent on introducing him to society here. The occasion chosen by his Worship for the debit of his "familiar" was, according to the journal from which we quote, in the case of a boy sum moned for stealing grapes. A conflict of evidence as to the identity of the accused secured hia acquittal. We are told— Tbe ix)lice- raagUtrate gave the prisoner the lKmetit of the doubt, hut administered a very Military warniug to any who might be under the impression that their neigh bors' fruit gardens were private property. The shock, is naturally a severe one because so entirely unexpected. Mr. Pinnock has hitherto so artfully concealed the subversive character of his opinions that we have been accustomed to look upon him as a most decorous representative of the Conservatism of magisterial authority. And now on a sudden, without warning, we find him preaching from the bench the rankest Com munism. At twelve years of age we were weaned from a similar heresy. From our ten derest years we had refused to regard fruit gardens as private property, and had persisted in surreptitiously levying our proper dues on the public domain. We,however,asweremarked,were weanod ere our teens. The instrument of our con version would be hardly applicable to a gentle man of Mr. Pinuock's ripe maturity, so we must implore the Colonial Secretary to take such other steps as may nip thia officer'h subversive doctrines in the bud. 