BRITISH & FOREIGN. LONDON GOSSIP. London, March 12. 10HDOM TRADESMEN AND CO-OPERATION. The anti-eo-operatiomsts are endeavouring to make their question a test one at the general election. They have so far succeeded as to have compelled Mr. Thomas Hughes, the author of " Tom Brown's Schooldaj s," to retire from the candidature of Salisbury. Mr. Hughes has been one of the most active promoters of co-operative stores in this country, and the -West-End tradesmen, who have formed a permanent com mittee for the defence of their interests, have succeeded in turning the Liberal shopkeepers of the old cathedral city against the popular author. Mr. Walter Morrison (a brother of Gharles Morrison, the City millionaire) is another man against whom the anti-co-operators vow vengeance—for he also has founded many Co-operative Societies; bnt, as he does not intend to offer himself for a borough constituency, it is not likely that they will be able to subject him to the fate of Mr. Hughes. One does not see what they expect to gain by these tactics. Neither Mr. Hughes nor Mr. Morrison will become the less zealous an advocate of co-operation by being subjected to a species of persecution at the hands of a number,of wealthy London trades men. These gentlemen do not propose that the Civil vService.'Supply Association and the army and navy stores shall be put down by Act of Parliament,' but it is manifest that no means sbort-of this willavaiito suppress the co-opera tive movement. They may, perhaps,[ultimately succeed in prohibiting gentlemen who are salaried servants of the Grown from taking part in the management of co-operative stores, but even if they were successful in gratifying a natural feeling of resentment against par ticular individuals, they would not be a step nearer the overthrow of the system of co-opera tion to which they object. betibememts from parliamentary life. The general election will work great changes in the personnel of the new Parliament. Two members of the existing House of Commons who have announced their intention to retire will be specially miBsed—I refer to Sir Bobert Feel and Mr. Edward Jenkins. Corionsly enongh, although sitting on opposite sides of the House, they have been, to a certain extent, allies; for they both united to attack the mili tary reputation of Lord Chelmsford at the time the latter excited so much criticism by his strategy of the war in Znluland, No two mem bers will be more missed in the House of Com mons. Sir Bobert Peel's burly figure is as familiar to the House as the Speaker's mace; even regret will be felt that the cock of his hat should disappear from the Parlia mentary arena. 1 may remark, parenthetioally, that although the peculiar mode in which Sir Bobert wears his hiat is generally put down to affectation, yet this is a mistake. He wears his hat a la Palmerston because several years ago he had an ugly fall which produced a lump on one side of his head so large that his hatter is unable to fit him. Unfortunately only the shadow of the great fortune which his father bequeathed to him remains in his possession, and this fact has probably decided him to retire into private life. If the new House will regret the loss of the rich full voice and roystering humour of Sir Bobert Peel, it will as certainly mies Mr. E. Jenkins, who retires from the re presentation of Dundee. Mr. Jenkins has been the stormy petrel of the House of Commons. He has spoken in season and out of season, and has been one of the best-abused men in Eng land ; bnt such members nevertheless help to give variety to public life, and to prevent the Legislature from sinking to a dead- level of mediocrity. Moreover, Mr. Jenkins is a literary man in a Parliament in which literature has been singularly ill-represented. No Bill for tbe suppression of dangerous acrobatic per formances will, I fear, expire with him. BREACH OF PRIVILEGE. Mr. Grissell, the State prisoner, who is locked up in Newgate under a warrant from the Speaker of tbe House of Commons, is a good deal more fortunate than he deserves to be. One day last week I assisted as a spectator at his solemn arraignment at tbe bar of the Honse on a charge of breach of privilege. There was no mistaking tbe temper of the House. It was very indignant at the successful attempts which Mr.' Grissell had made to evade its aathority, and thoroughly determined, now it had got him in its power, that he should not escape un punished. Tbe motion of the Chancellor of the. Exchequer—that he should be committed to Newgate—was carried by a unanimous vote, and Mr. Grisqell was greatly disgusted at being sent to prison, not for a limited, but for an indefinite period. It is not improbable that under ordinary circumstances he would have been detained in custody until the end of the session, bnt the dissolution of Parliament will of course Bummarily terminate his captivity, The individual offender will soon be forgotten, bnt bis case will be remembered hereafter as forming a new precedent in Parliamentary pro cedure. Hitherto it has been supposed that the power of the House of Commons to punish for a breach of privilege was limited to the session in which the offence was committed. This was the view of the law upon which Mr. Grissell relied when he surrendered to Mr. Speaker's warrant a day or two before the close of last sesBion. It is altogether beside the question to discuss whether that view was sustained by anthority. The House of Commons has decided that it possesses larger powers than was sup posed, and its conduct in this matter shows that it is determined to maintain, and, if expedient, to enlarge, its privileges. THE RITUALISTS. At tbe moment at which I am writing the Government are engaged in a negotiation with the Bitualists, who, in consequence of the passing of the Public Worship Begulation Bill, entertain very bitter feelings against the author of " Lothair." In spite of the ultra-Protestant element in that novel, Lord Beaconsfie'd has succeeded in obtaining the vote of the English Catholics. Cardinal Manning has all along supported the foreign policy of the Government; and Bishop Vaughan, of Salford, who is now in Borne, is also said to have made his influence felt against the Liberal party in the councils of the Pope. It woald assuredly be an extra ordinary thing if, notwithstanding the Public Worship Begulation Act—which may be de scribed shortly as an Act for gagging the Bitaaliets — any considerable number of the sacerdotal party voted for Tory candidates. Mr. Beresford Hope is acting as a " go-between" in thiB delicate negotiation, and is endeavouring to induce the Church Times to espouse actively the Conservative cause. I can not believe that he will succeed. The Bitualists would not only exhibit a spirit of forgiveness which it has never been their habit to cultivate, hut they would run counter to their most cherished convictions on the subject of Eastern policy. They warmly sympathized with the Christian populations of Turkey, and uniformly reprobated the support which the Government gave to the decaying barbarism of the Pashas. How then can they vote for the maintenance of the present Government in power. A few days ago the Editor of the Church Times received a letter from a correspondent who asked him " Whether an idiot would recover bis intellect after death." The Editor asked Dr. Little dale what answer he should give. " Tell him he will know when he dies," was the witty re joinder. The Ritualists would be more idiotic than the Church Times' correspondent if they helped to keep in power a Government which haa done its best to muzzle them. A BBLGBAVIAN ROMANCE. Qnite a romance has just happened to Mr. Charles Pelbam Villiers, M.P. for Wolver hampton, who is better known as one of the founders of the Anti Corn Law League, and a member of Lord Palmerston's Cabinet. Some thirty years ago Mr. Villiers was on friendly terms with a lady of property named Mellish; and, indeed, there were persons who thought tb^t a marriage might be arranged between them. Somehow or other a slight misunder standing interrupted their mutual relations, and they ceased to be on visiting tarms. For nearly a generation they never even met, until one day, about two years ago, Miss Mellish con fided to a mutual friend that her feelings towards Mr. Villiers remained unaltered, and that there was nothing she more desired than to renew her old acquain tance with him. The desired opportunity was soon forthcoming, and the two old friends met and at once resumed their former intimacy. There was no question of marriage between them; for Mr. Villiers is now seventy- eight years of age, and Miss Mellish also saw the light when the present century was in its infancy. A few weeks ago the lady died; and when her will was read, it was found that she had left Mr. Villiers a life interest in the whole of her property, amounting to six thousand pounds a year. It was expected that she - would- have bequeathed her estate absolutely to him, but it seems that at the last moment she remembered that she had relatives, and so was induced to draw up a codicil securing to them the reversion of the property. Everybody is pleased at Mr. Villiers's good fortune, and wishes that he was twenty years younger, that he might the more fully enjoy it. He is, I may add, one of the most popular members ot London society, and has a vein of anecdote and reminiscence which is simply inexhaustible. A CHIVALBIC TOOTH. A social incident of another kind has led, naturally enough, to some very pretty speeches being made to Sir William Harcourt. .Lately a fire broke out at Sir William's town house, in Grafton-street. He was absent at the time, but Lady Harcourt (who is a daughter of Motley, the late American historian), his infant child, and a son of Sir William's by a former marriage, were in the house. When the alarm of fire was given, the son—a boy of fifteen years-of age— rushed up into the nursery, and brought the infant downstairs into the room in which Lady Harcourt was sitting; so that simultaneously with the first intimation which she had of the existence of danger she had ocular proof of the safety of her child. I need not say that Lady Harcourt thoroughly appreciated the high moral qualities which her stepson so signally displayed at a critical moment. I hope that he will not run any risk of being spoilt by over-praise. THE NEW AMERICAN MINISTER. Mr. James Russell Lowell, the American poet, has at last arrived in London in order to occupy the dignified position of American Minister in England. He has long been expected from Madrid, but was unable to make the journey in consequence of the prostration of his wife from the effects of typhoid fever—that dreadful malady which seems now to infest the highest circles of society in almost every European country. The United States never sent so popular an Ambassador to London as Professor Lowell, who, although known to a select few by the nonle philanthropy of his earlier poems, is chiefly familiar to the general public by his " Biglow Papers." Mr. Lowell's arrival haB been heralded in an unwonted fashion by the delivery of a lecture on his life and poetry by his friend Mr. Thomas Hughes. This gentleman's lecture was delivered at the Working Men's Coilege; and I feel sure that the working men of London, who are very literary as well as democratic in their sympa thies, will take to him even more than they took to General Grant. Mr. Lowell's life in London will be one of dignified leisure; for fortunately there are no troublesome questions outstanding between this country and the United States, and the post of American Mini ster is therefore a sinecure. LITERARY AFTERNOONS. Entertainments of a somewhat novel kind are being given just now on alternate Mondays, at Steinway Hall, under the auspices of the Inter national Literary Association—a Society which, with such distinguished names as those of the Prince of Wales, Lord Beaconsfield, and Mr. Gladstone at the head of its English list of supporters, has been formed with a view to securing international copyright, and otherwise promoting mutual goodwill among others of diverse countries. With a view to assisting the funds of the Association several well-known men of letters and art have gene rously consented to devote in turn a couple of hours to the edification of snch audiences as may be attracted by the bills of fare presented, and the name of " Literary afternoons" has been given to the extremely interesting meetings thus organized. At the first, held on February 23, Mr. JenkinB read his famous satire, " Ginx's Baby,'" a work which, containing as it does sundry allegorical personages who, in the guise of Magistrates, guardians of the poor, and pseudo-philanthropists, deliver their'sentiments and expose their human weaknesses in a very amusing manner, was fonnd admirably suited to the ordeal of public reading, especially when its author, who is a capital mimic as well as a finished elocutionist, was the reader. Indeed, the enthusiasm evoked was so great that it is not improbable Mr. Jenkins may find himself solicited to repeat the effort in some other con genial cause. dekxeb's comedy. The second " Literary Afternoon" took place lart Monday, and was contributed; by Mr. Justin McCarthy, M.P., whose great love for the dramatists of the Shakspearian age has led him to disentomb Dekker's all-but-forgotten comedy, " The Roaring Girl," a work founded entirely upon the London life of the Elizabethan and early Stuart period—and to epitomize its plot in an extremely picturesque and sprightly sketch, not devoid of certain touches of true pathos, which he, objecting to the stiff word " lecture," calls simply " telling the story of the Boaring Girl." This same story will illustrate the familiar adage that "there is nothing new under the sun," for the idea running through the old play is one that under various modifications has been a favourite with modern romance writers, dealing with adventurous or pioneer life, from Cooper and James down to Bret Harte, viz., that of a woman cast loose on the world becoming for her own proteetion even an accom plished swaggerer and associate of ruffianism in all its branches, sometimes, as in this case, donning male attire and learning the use of pistol and sword, but yet reserving a certain wild heroism and individual purity, and capable of real self-abnegation in the cause of beings better than herself. As Mr. McCarthy gave it, not in narrative form, but rather in a series of verbal pictures or scenes, with occasional verbatim quotations, all delivered without a note, the "Story of the Rearing Girl" really constituted an nnique entertainment. A DRAMATIC SKETCH. I One of the best and wittiest dramatic trifles to be seen just now ib a little piece called '* Old Cronies," by Mr. Theyre Smith, which has jnst been brought oat at the St. James's. There are only two characters in it—Dr. Jacks, a pedantic old bachelor engaged in compiling a dictionary, which be fondly hopes will immortalize him jdown to a remote posterity as "The Great lexicographer Jacks;" and his very slightly younger friend Captain Pigeon, who, thongh with less book-learning, is equally fond of finding oHt " derivatives" and synonyms natnrally tinctnred by his nautical education, with which he mach perplexes his matter-of fact associate's professional researches. Captain Pigeon has fallen in love with the charms of person and estate possessed by a spinster of their mutual acquaintance; but, distrustful of his ability to do himself justice in a viva voce declaration of bis passion, and totally unuBed to the art of pitch letter-writing, he breaks in "upon his quiet neighbour's scholarly medita tions to prefer a no less important petition than that Dr. Jacks, being a master of language, will indite the epistle upon which his hopes hang. Thereupon ensues half-an-hour's colloquy of the most amusing kind. Dr. Jacks regards matrimony as almost tantamount to suicide, but when persuaded that his friend has decided at least to attempt the fatal plunge, he relinquishes his expectation ef a good morning's work with a sigh, and addresses himself to the task of preparing a missive suit able to the occasion. Then it appears that, though the enamoured sailor cannot frame a letter for,himself, he has certain floating fancies, which, being very hazily expressed, quite fail to find any responsive echo in the brain of, the lexicographer, whose ideas of an offer of mar riage are of the driest kind, and a deadlock ensues. At this crisis the captain, struck by sudden inspiration, exclaims—"Let's direct the envelope." Dr. Jacks hails the suggestion with delight, and, this being done, the ready-written name, " Miss Olivia Jones, Covington," is com placently regarded as a decided step achieved. Still, between the vague and yet exact ing notions of the suitor, and the ab solute blankness of the scribe's mind so far as a graceful and gradual approach to the tender question is concerned, the first sentence remains unwritten. Suddenly it is remembered that expressions too abrupt for a billet doux are proper enough for a tele gram, and it is resolved to "wire" the pro posal, and as a delicate compliment which must make its mark to prepay the answer. This settled, the cronies stir the fire, and the captain lights his beloved pipe to soothe his expectant gertnrbation. To his dismay he learns that fiss Olivia Jones will not tolerate tobacco smoke under any conditions, together with one or two other items, showing that Pigeon a bachelor and Pigeon mated will be two different persons. Before his mind is clear whether a change of state will involve gain or loss the prepaid answer arrives. Miss Jones is already engaged. The captain's pride is wounded that he should have asked too late, but his pipe remains a substantial, though a nebuloas, consolation; and the curtain falls on the two friends turned again to their fire, resolved to remain still " old cronies." Slight as the plot of this sketch is, a more enjoyable little piece has never been put on the stage. THE BAVABIAN PASSION FLAT. What is called "The Sabbatarian Party" is np in arms at the growing interest felt among the well-to-do and educated classes in this country in the "Ober Ammergan Passion Play," the decennial performances of which take place in Bavaria during the present summer season, commencing with the 17th of May and ending with the 26th of September. The indignation felt by those well-meaning persons is excited partly by the fact that some of the performances, in accordance with Continental usages, will be given on Sabbath-days, and partly upon the modern English objection to all plays founded upon any Biblical subject. They cannot admit the possibility that the Tyrolese peasant may really have his religious nature profitably stirred, and his understanding of, and gratitude for, the ereat work of Redemption deepened by that which perhaps would appeal quite in vain to mechanics of English towns or agricultural labourers in our rural distracts. Nevertheless, it is ex pected that the number of English visitors at this year's gatherings will greatly exceed that on any previous occasion. In the meantime, the republication of a very graphic little volume by the Eev. Malcolm Maccoll, rectorof St. George's, Botolph- lane, containing a spirited and faithful account of the performances of 1870, of which he was a witness, together with an explanatory narrative of the origin of this extraordinary commemoration, is highly calculated to remove the prejudices with which in some quarters this particular custom is regarded. No professional actors take any part in the representations, which are confined to persons of the immediate locality, carefully seleoted with regard to character and general fitness. The Passion Play is a celebration by the people themselves of their own signal deliverance from the great plague of 1633, and has absolutely nothing professional about it. The music, some of which is very beautiful, has never been printed. The prices of admission are so low as to preclude all possi bility of the performances being a pecuniary speculation, and there is nothing either in the text or the tableaux of the play to offend the devont Protestant. I may add that the morals of Ober Ammergan and its neighbourhood are ex ceptionally good. LITBBABT GOSSIP. Dr. Jessop, late Head Master of Norwich Grammar School, who lately described in the Athenaum the apparition which he believes he saw . in Lord Orford's library in Norfolk, has received so many communications of a startling character on the subject of ghosts that he intends to give the public the benefit of some of them. Dr. Jessop still believes in the reality of what he saw; but most people are of opinion that be was the victim of an optical illusion— the result of a temporary derangement of the nervous system. I understand that one well substantiated story which has been brought to Dr. Jessop's knowledge is vouched for by two eye-witnesses of the alleged supernatural occur rence. Such a case, if really authenticated, manifestly comes more within the rules of evi dence than a ghost whose coyness is so great that it only condescends to make itself visible to one person. At last Lenbach, the German painter, has completed his long-pro mised portrait of Mr. Gladstone. At two separate periods the right honourable gentleman has sat to this painter, but in the first instance without that success which an artist of the first rank feels bound to achieve. Lenbach has now succeeded, and soon the great world of London will have an opportunity of comparing the work of his pencil with that of Millais. 