Facetio. A (rood child complained that her catechism was too hard, and seriously inquired if there were not some : hittenohismB for very littlo girls. Those young ladies at fairs who soil five-oont pin cushions for threo dollars ought to he arrested for robbing the males. " Let ÜB go out to gather autumn leaves," he said } and they wont ont tofiethor. A Suitablo Site for Cleopatra's Needle.-Thread- : noodle-street, London, opposite tho Royal Exchange. A man fooled into buying a pinohbeok watch called it Faith, because it waa without works, and therefore dead. "Foregoes" was tho word put out at a written . spelling exercise by ono of our city toaohers recently. And one littlo boy handed in, " Go, ero, go, go." Some Indians use scalping knives of tortoise-shell, " probably on account of the old fabio in whioh the tor- ,. toiso was alleged to nave got away with the hare. A Belle's Opinion Concerning Mars. -" Dear me ! ,. is itpossiblo?-two moons P What a nioe plaoe to meet one by two moonslight alono." A person who had been listening to a very dull ad dress remarked that everything wont off well-espe cially the audionce. i ' ? A correspondent, whose ooloured servant asks for frequent leavo of atmonoo, says Bhe is the most invet erato Dinah ont he ever knew. ; A lats minister of Biggar, who wos a reader in the pulpit, olosod his discourse with the words, "I add no , more." "Beoauso ye canna," oxolaimed an old woman from her pow. "If," saldan old fisherman, "Iwantedto oatohone simpleton, I would hook him with a bribe ; if I wished to catch twenty, I would bait them with promises ; but if I desired to oatoh a hundred, I would poison them with flattery." Joseph Cook calls Niagara Falls a " dateless roar." He has not yet invented a term to apply to the Niagara haokman, whose roar is of moro recent date. Nothing less than a six-syllabled word, with sharp corners and jagged edges, will do thom justice. The toughness of a Bpringohioken is not an infallible sign that it is threo springs old. It may have been a preoooious ohioken, and have been struok with the pedestrian mania in its infancy. That wonld account for extraordinary development and toughness of ita ? musoles. A country fellow went one night te see his sweet- ¡ heart, and for a long time could think of nothing to say. At last snow, beginning to fall heavily, he told her that his father's sheep would bo lost. "'Well," Baid she, kindly taking him by the hand, "I'll take one of them." No real generous Iman, remarks an exohango, would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium and, just as the ghost is walking about (while the medium is tied in tho cabinet), oxolaim : "There's a rat right by the ghost." It spoils tho effect to have the ghost yell and gather up its skirts and run." A member of one of our learned dubs returned to the bosom of his family ono night sadly " under the influonoe." As ho oantiously steered himself np stairs he mot his wife, who at once upbraided him I with his oondition and declared that he exhaled a strong odour of spirits. "'Taint that," ploaded the sufferer. " Had my hair ont. It's bay mm yon smell." Little Georgiowas taken to ohuroh last Sunday, for , the first timo. Of course ho was plied with questions . when he got home. What did he think of thin, that and the other, what did he soe, and what did he hear. "What did the minister say, GeorgieP" asked his mother. " He said ' Dreat Dod !' dust way papa did toddor day when he waa putting down tarpot and hit his finger wiv um yammer." A lady of tho oity, like many othor mothers, treats the ailings of her family homcoopathioally and baBa large mahogany oaso full of bottles of sugar-coated pellets and a medical book. Some time ago her little boy was so unusually quiet as to indioate that he was in mischief, and it was discovered that the youngest had emptied a bottle or two of tho M sugar-plums" and swallowed them. When caught, he was methodioally "getting away" with the re mainder. Horror- stricken, the mother sent for her favourite homcoopathio physioian, who gravely ad ministering a pellet, ob»erved, " I think that will make him all right. If not, lot him take one every four hours." Three persons had sat down to tho usual game, and Plute lingored near to watoh it and appropriate the discarded decks. It was a bad day for the senior member pf tho party. Luck was against him from the start, and after losing all his money, ho parted in turn .vith rings,' watoh and horse. At last, in a fit of desperation, he took out his gold-mounted sot of false teeth and throw them on tho table. This was too muon for tho observant Pluto. He cast ono look at tho glittering teeth, tho first artificial sot he had over soon, and yelled as ho rushed from the room: " Ugh ! Him hoad come next 1" Tho old man, how ever, held threos and a pair this timo, and so raked in the pot. What ho might next have saorifloed re mains a mattor of conjecture. " And I can't understand this doctor business at all," ono of them was saying, as two women passed into tho post office yesterday. " What's tho trouble now?" " Well, the old man's groaning around again." "With what?" "Heaven only knows, but it has cost mo fifty cents for tho prescription. That's whore the mystery comos in. Evory time my oldman is a bit ailing the doctor ho comos and looks at his tonirue, counts his pulso, and orders gin-slingB and chioken soup." "Is it possiblo?" "And when I wa ko up with a chill, a baokaohe, a bad mouth and a dizzy head, and I faints away over the breakfast, the doctor he comes in, tracks up my oloan floor, scares my canary into a fit, and goes away saying, ' Yon don't exoroiso onough ; maybe you'a like to wash for our family 1' I tell yon I baliove thom doctors is all one-sided, and after this my old man has got to put up with smelling tho oainphor bottle while I drink the slings!" A oorpulont old lady was at tho London Bridge Station, going down into Sussox ; she had a big bag and a small ono, and was bustling through the gate to roaoh tho train, when tho ticket collector called out, "Tiokot, ma'am! Can't pass hore till I soe your tiokot." " I hain't time," sho replied. " Can't pass-can't pass." "I will pass." " Can't ma'am. Tho rules aro vory striot." " You will mako mo miss tho train," sho nhoutod. " Plonty of timo, ma'am ; train doos not go for fifteen minutes yot." She baokod out, put down hor bass, and after a long hunt, sho found tho key and oponed the big one. Artiolo after articlo was takon out and laid asido, but sho could not find tho tiokot. The smallor one was submitted to tho samo troatmont, tho old lady all tho while growling to horsolf; and when ton minutes had slipped away she lookod up and inquired, "What tiokot do you wantP" "Your railway tiokot, of courso." " Why. I had that in my hand all tho timo, you impudent follow," abo ox olaimod, aa sho hustlod tho things into tho bags. "Thon why did'nt you show it, ma'am?" "Then why did'nt you say railway tiokot, sir? You want to uudorstand that there aro a hundred different kinds of tickots, sir ; and if you ovor stop mo again, I'll go to tho hoad man of tho railway at onoo." 