? ? sill Exhibition, is Snow drawing to a clow, and. ^t is gently thought to have been successful. Atanyjrate, it has answered the purpose intehded. viz.^ advertising the colony ana bringing it Into prominence. Great dissatisfaction" has-been expressed by a number of shopkeepers here, on account of n anv exhibiting bring allowed to sell their foods in the building,4hnfl- convertiEg.it into a huge shop, and thereby injuring the said shopkeepers. The judges are. now engaged in determining the award*. Numberleu concerts have .been -given in the . building, and they have been the means of bringing to light a great many possessing musical talents, of which previously the general public were in ignorance. Sign or Giozs is the musical director, and he has been unra. mitting in his efforts to please all. In connection with the Exhibition, Mr . Carter, a former resident of Kyneton, holds an excellent position as chief ticket salesman. He was originally a teller in one of your bsnks, and at one time secretary of the Kvneton Cricket Club. He resides in ths anstocratic watering place, Manly, and lives in immense style. Business is being earned on very briskly here, and it is anticipated that the year 1880 will be a most prosperous one, though a great many "prognosticated that the Exhibition would ruin the place for a few years. Sosie folks really cannot help grumbling. Tbe generality of the pnblic, however, are grateful to Sir Hercules Robinson, our 1st* esteemed Governor/but for whose efforts ths great event would not have taken place. Tour erstwhile Mechanics' Institnte secretaries, Alfred Purdne and William Gordon, are here still, the former not doing well, hut William has improved both in pocket and appearance. He is bookkeeper for Mr York, a wealthy butcher, who, by the way, ii going to take Trickett homa to row Hanlou, if our champion can dispose of his business. Trickett made a great mistake in going into such a large hotel, especially as it is built directly opposite thai carried on by Jim Punch. I am told, snd can readily believe it, that Trickett in his business is losing - money every day. He is not at all suitable for tbe public house line. He cannot engage in conversation, being a very reserved man, and not gifted with good speaking powers, and instead of being about and talking boating, be serves behind the bar, and it is hstd to get a word out of him. His brother William is making a name for himself as a rowist, and many believe that he is the better sculler of the two. There is, to my mind, no doubt about one thing, viz., that no two men at present existing could row them in a pair oar. I witnessed a race yesterday on the chtm. pion course, on the Parramatta Rirtr, he* tween Laycock and Pieroe, in waterman's boats. The latter laid Laycock £100 to £60, and, as the result proved, he was quite justified, . s Laycock had no show at any part of the race. Another race comes off next Saturday between Solomon and Power in light skiffs, and it is thought it. will be a very near thing between them. Kelly, who trained Trickett for his last match with Laycock, has taken Solomon in hand, and Laycock is training Power. I am inolined to think Power will win, as he is possessed of immense strength; albeit, he is rathe* old, being close on to forty, while his opponent is some eight years younger. A once resident of Piper-street, who used to delight (?) the hearts of the gentle Kyneton public by the manner in which he used to nm-pa upon the trombone, Tim gallon by name, is over here, and is engaged in sur* veving. Tim ia in good spirits, and looking well. One of our members of Parliament, Davy Buchanan, after having been a staunch freetrader for abont twenty-five yean, has suddsnly come to the conclusion that protection is the thing, bnt Davy will find it hard to convince tbe public of New South Wales to incline to his new found belief. We are to have a puhlic trial between a Mr G. H. Reid, a freetrader, and Davy, in ons of the halls. Each is to speak for an hour, and the vote to be left to the meeting. Mr Reid is not a great elocutionist, and hi* opponent is, but thet will make no difference, as good sense tells here against all the elocution in the world. So the long weaiy three years that th* Victorians have waded through has eome to an end at last, and with it let ua hope ths retirement into that obscurity from which it ia a pity they ever emerged, of ths Berry gang. I should hardly imagine that evrm the most ardent protectionists in Kyneton will be able to persnade any Benyita to oppose Mr Young, but if they do persuade any one vain enough to think he could beat your popular auctioneer, I should like to bet a few new h«U about the result. I feel satisfied that the greater part of the believers in Barry who have managed to struggle through the last three years in Victoria, ar* " full." We have, however, a lot of working men, who, unable to obtain work on your side, came over here, and are now living comfortably, who still say that Berry is the friend of the working man, but these very men would not be induced to go over te Victoria, at any rate at present; possibly a change of Ministry and Parliament may get thrm back, hut Berry, never. Very little interest is shown here about the Australian cricketing team. Tbe eleven displayed excellent crioket in their match against the fifteen of New South Wales, and were tolerably well patronised. The eleven have since that victory played twenty-two* of Newcastle and Batuurst, and won both matches. They are in fine form now, and on their return to Melbourne the Victorian fifteen will have to play well to score a second win. It is a pity AlirV. Bannerman .is not going, as he is undoubtedly the best all-round cricketer in New South Wales. The excitement about the Moonlite gang is now all over, and their-fate should act as • caution to any intending to follow in the same line of business as Scott and hi* nnwisa companions. I had occasion to pasa the Dariinghurst Gaol on the morning of the execution of Soott and fiogan, and such a motley crowd hanging round the walls of ths gaol I never beheld. Women were there in great force, and all trying to hear what wal going on inside tbe walls. Occasionally I could hear expressions from these creatures such as *' Oh ghost, wouldn't I like to see it." It was long after die execution before they dispersed. Sydney is alive with amusements just now. Creswick is at the Royal, Jcuuiry Hall at th* Vic tons, Kelly and Leon at tl e newly-built Opera House, the Lofius Troupe at th* Queen's, Camilla tjrso at the School of Arts, and a host of lesser lights at different hall*, all doing a good business. Pedestrianism is also a great mania, and we hare been treated to several female walking matches of twenty-four hours* duration. Those members of the gentler m who have been going in for this sort of thing present * pitiable appearance at the conclusion of thair matcher,. X rrent once, but no more for ma. Aa I heard one of the speotators remsrkaftvr looking on for abont five minutes," I've had eome." • .'I/.; -••-... Ths Happy Land" has been prodnoed by Kelly and lion, and if Jerry had bsen present it would have made him ill to :havs heard the shrieks of laughter canaed by Lester, who impersonated the Chiaf Sscnstajf.-' '< v&alam; pressed for time, I must hriay t3me$ew mems..to a full stop, wishing all myxoid-friends in Kyneton every sncoesa in business and renewed prosperity during th* '. • GDIGIDB « F X SELBCToa.—The dead body of ftjeian was fonnd on Thursday in the Goalburn River, midway between Sbeppartom and Mooroopna. An inquiry was immediately held, when the body was identified a* Oat of Charles Grant, farmer, ol Undera- Dobnments wen fonnd by ths polios in deceased'* coat, one of whioh was a letter a» {allows :—" As tbe crop was grows under • tffitaf aale, nndar a lien, it fa not hum. I had to^ive it to ths bank, and I have dees miir,iillib uwtlib;m 1U4 1<* Bags^QQ short -on bank advance on aam*. Come torirer t<r drown myself. Fkmily difficulties is the cause of this.; 2 am not in xnj light mind) and not aaoountahls for what I do.—C.G." The letter was Identified aa tb* handwriting of deceased.' Jk.* vaidict of selfdrowned, whil* in a. data of daspeedausy. 