:-UR SYSTEM OF DESTITUTE POOR RELIEF.— No 2. fBv Vid.i EHE DESTITU IS ASYLUM. As has been already stated, the Destitute Asylum, in common with two other State insti tutions, occupies a site of land on North-terrace rhe total area enclosed witbin tbe boundary wans is auuui luree acres. mo i/cutn-ui.c Asylum is divided into three yards, called respectively the upper men's quarters, tbe women's quarters, which are situated in tbe centre of the area, and the lower men's quarters. The upper quarters are devoted to the accommo dation of the more healthy, or, to speak more by the card, tbe less sickly male inmates, while those suffering more or leas from chronic and in curable complaints are disposed of iu the lower quarters. My visit was made shortly before noon. Knocking at the gate, I was let is by an old weather-beaten but mild-looking cripple, who is the Cerberus of a sorb of porch lodge. Every visitor has to demand admission through a small grating, but the Cerberus has instructions te refuse entrance to no one who chooses to say that ha desires to see the Chairman or the Superintendent at the office. As the sanctum of the Board is removed far away at tbe back ot the upper quarters it is thu» quite possible for aDy one who ' knows the ropes' of the institution to procure admission under false pretences and while away a con siderable time in the front yard before he is discovered, as the wardsmau in charge cannot possibly be omnipresent or omniscient. This possibility of unauthorized admission is some times taken advantage of by old lurbitHrf of the place to sseak in, an amusing instance of which occurred at a later period of my viait, and it proves that tbe Bite for the office is exceedingly ill chosen. After briefly inspecting the Board-room and offices devoted to the clerical staff, I was conducted by Mr. Solomon, the Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Lindsay, the Superinten dent of the Asylum, into the lower quarters Before I had had time to go over this yard, however, tbe dinner-bell rang, and as I was desirous of seeing the inmates at their mid day meal a move was made for the kitchen. I shall therefore describe the operation of dinner first, and then take the yards one by one, although my inspection was now changed into a most confusiog, desultory ramble amongst the many and irregularly constructed buildings of which the Asylum is composed, portions of which were formerly used as a military barracks. Proceeding towaids the kitchen, we encoun tered the cooks of the messes, bearing huge tin trays loaded with joints of mutton, potatoes, vegetables, and rice, the viands looking tempting enough for eveu a fastidious appetite. Iu a small, stuffy kitchen, in which the thermometer stood at about 140*, the cook and two or three assistants were engaged in handing out tbe trays and in perspiring profusely. It was a soup-day, that is to say. the fare was mutton. Beef and mutton are. given on alternate days, with beef-tea and vegetable soup as tboir re spective concomitants. Of course, inmates on the sick-list receive all sorts of delicacies denied to their less decrepid companions in distress. I tasted the soup, and found it nourishing and palatable, although in the course of my abort experience I am bound to say, in the interests of truth, I have certainly tasted better. The cook deplored the fact that it was mutton day, and confidentially assured me that I would have found the beef-tea of another day much better. I consoled myself with stealing a potato out of a dish, denuding it of its coar, and swallowing it an au accompaniment tothesoup. I was told tbat each inmate re ceived a pint of sonp every day. While I was performing the very interesting duties of a taster of other people's dinners my companions and I were startled by a voice which emanated from an impudent- looking rascal with a scar on his nose, who was standing at the window which looks out into the front yard er upper quarters. The voice said in a confident off-hand manner, ' Cook, I want seme dinner ;' but the impudent head to which the voice belonged immediately drew back at the sight of Mr. Lindsay (the Superintendent), who came to the rescue of cook with the reply, 'Hallo, what axe you doing here?' The impudence vanished out of the voice, which next was heard humbly speaking in the most respectful and wheedling tones, '* I came in to see yen at the office and heard you were in the kitchen, sir.'' It turned out that the rascal, who has been a casual inmate many times, had passed the Cerberus at the gate uuder the pre tence of business at the office, and had made bis way to the kitchen, hoping to bluff the cook ont of a dinner, confidently believing that every body would be out of the way until the meal bad disappeared. Poor rascal, his impudence failed him for once. I felt rather sorry for him until the Superintendent summed up his . character thus : — ' South Australia could not produce a bigger blackguard f Mr. Solomon adding after a pause, ' except bis wife, who has been in gaol five-sixths of her life, and is there now.' The daily dietary scale for healthy inmates U as follows :— I Ib. bread, i 1b. meat, J oz. tea, 2 oz. sugar, 2 oz. rice, and J oz. salt. Included in tbe daily allowances is 1 oz. soap. In addition to these rations vegetables are allowed, and medical comforts furnished a* ordered by the Medical Officer. All smokers in the institution receive, as long as they behave themselves well, 2 oz. of tobacco per week. The dietary scale is cot. I was informed, rigidly adhered to, and additional allowances are mostly provided, as destitute wayfartrs come into the institution every day of tbe year. Many of these consist of discharged prisoners from tbe Stockade 'who are utterly destitute of money and good clothing, and these are generally given a ni^ht'a accommodation and sent away in the morning with a comfortable stomach, a blanker, and a decent rough suit, which probably once wan brought into the institution by a now deceased inmite. We visited the women's yard, first proceeding to the upstairs dormitories of the buildings which form the southern and eastern boundaries of the women's quarters. This portion of the eatabli-hmeLt is principally devoted to invalid* The first room we enter contains cine beds, all of them fave two occupied by old and feeble women, who are postured in various attitudes and present a pitiable picture of decay and decline. Here is a clear cornplexionecl but withered old dame, whose head is encased in a snowy nightcap as ancient in pattern as herelf. She is seated on her bed, and is engaged in feebly munching her dinner. On the other side of the room, propped up by pillows, are the wasted remains of what was once a :*-inari.ibJy pretty women. Her dinJcen ryes and pinched features tell a sad tale. It is a case of general wasting away. One or two small bunches of withered greenery speak of a feeble attempt at recent Christmas decorations ; but this room, I think, was the only one I saw in which any attempt at all had been made to relieve the monotony of the bare whitewashed walls of tbe dormitories. In an adjoining room, similar to the last, there were seven more old women fast ripening for another world. One was a very painful spectacle. She was between seventy and eighty years of age, hex hair being as intensely white as the finest bleached calico. She had been an inmate for the last ?even or eight years, and had been such a lively old lady up to that period, when sue was suddenly struck in the midst of her bustling everyday work with paralysis, aad here she had lain ever since, as helpless as a log of wood. She had lately got a little better, however, being ju»t able to lift her left hand feebly to her face, aad having recovered in a slight degree her senses — at least so I was told. My companions asked her if she knew them, and her aged mouth and wrinkled f ac« puckered up into a most painful attempt at an articulation and a smile, which facial movement I was informed meant an answer in the affirma tive. The other occupants of the room were all more or less stricken and bowed down : but it would be impossible for me to pick out a more pitiable case than that of this woman, who has to be waited on by one of the more robust in mates. Outside of these dormitories a balcony over looks the yard below, occupying the whole length of the two wings of the building, and communicating with other wards, which also had their proportion of enfeebled old women with thin faces and great staring eyes. One of the upstair rooms of the eastern wing is set apart for lying-in purposes, Mr. Solomon having taken upon himself the responsibility of separating from the lying-in institution proper all cases of confirmed depravity, in order not to further contaminate by contact with vice-hardened creatures any youug girls or women who may have fallen but once, and whom it may be possible to reclaim to paths of virtue. Beyond that are two otber wards, and a nurse's apartment completes the upstairs suite of rooms. A very querulous old lady in one of these wards was rjomted ont to me. She was scoldinsr the mrse m a thin cross voice for having brought ler mutton for dinner, and declaring that lothing but beef tea would suit her complaint. '. was told that she was crabbed and poured by ufferiDg, and that nothing that was done rfeased her. Tbe authorities had actually once ;one to the expense ef furnishing a cottage iome for her in North Adelaide, but she ilamoured against the arrangement until she was nought back to the Asylum. Coming down itairs again we entered the women's dining iall, where seated round four tables were some ifty or sixty elderly females, two hard-featured, xtld-lookiog young girls, and one child of about hirteen or fourteen years of age. The latter lad been boarded out from the Industrial School vith a private family, but, having been fouiid iD8uitable, had been returned to the Destitute isylum authorities, and was going back to the fchool that day. All the women were vigorously 'alling- to at their food. Amongst them I per reived an old acquaintance. This was the old scotch spinster with the merry twinkling eyes whom I had seen some months back waiting on Sir. Berry, the City Missionary, and asking for work, And who amused me then by stating, in reply to a query as to whether she were married, hat she was a spinster and had ' thocht little sneuch aboot the laddies ; bat had she her time to gang o'er again she wadna be sic a fule as ihe had been.' The ground lioor od the eastern wing of the yard contains a room used as a nursery. In here, besides the three or four little ones who were eating their meal, was a strange and unsightly object — an idiotic dwarf, aged thirty-fa ve years. This creature is not much more than two feet high, and, strange to say. waa one of a family of three or four girls, who were all well formed and good looking. Her father and mother had been a dissipated pair, and used to travel through the colony ex hibiting this their misshapen daughter and spending the proceeds in drink ; but they had long since died, leaving her to the care of the State. Sbe is a perfect idiot. Poor idiot ! Perhaps it is a mercy that her reason is blinded to her many physical disadvantages. We at a contrast she presented to the two sweet little fair-haired boys at her side— children of shame and sorrow, who are not yet old euougb to know the disgrace that attaches to their birth! Another little venturer in a world of sin and misfortune was being soothed in his mother's arms; bat he will probably not outlive his childish troubles, for he was so wee and sickly that I think he could not have weighed above three or four pounds. Farther along the wing are other wards, all possessing in mates more or less afflicted. All the walls present the same cheerless aspect of unrelieved whitewash, bat in one room there is a tidy collection of illus trated papers scattered about, interspersed with a novel or two. I fancy that the men read a great deal more than do the women. When we returned to the yard the midday meal was over, and now a more compreheusive glance could bt- obtained of the female inmates, whoweretobeseenbobbliog and tottering feebly or seated dejectedly, as if their ruling passion were apathy. One or two more brisk thau the rest were engaged in hanging oat washed clothes on the lines that occupied the greater portion of the centre of the yard. The laundry is a portion of the northern boundary which divides tbe women's yard from the lower quarters. Some of tbe female in ma tea do the whole of the washing of the establishment, which is a very unfascinatiug and heavy job. on account of the dirty habits ot. many of the dwellers in these halls of sorrow. Every convenience for laundry work is provided' At the time of our visit the.laundry had but one occupant, a hearty- looking woman of some twenty-five or twenty-six years of age, who was seated disconsolately on the bare floor, and who did not attempt to move when we entered. I expressed my surprise at seeing such a robust young woman in the establishment, but was told that she was subject to fits. Her services were utilized in the laundry when she was well. It was feared that one of her fits was approach ing, otherwise she would have probably been with the rest at dinner. Across the yard ia a spare ward containing an inner room, which constituted, before the new buildings adjoining the Asylum were erected.the Girls' Reformatory and the Lying-in Hospital. This is only used when occasion arises for the purposes of a cancer ward, tbe patients being thus enabled to be isolated from the remainder of the women. Faming oawards to the lower quarters, we proceeded through three workshops for shoe makers, tailors, and carpenters, each containing two workmen, inmates of the Asylum. The shoemakers make all the boots tbat the esta blishment requires : the tailors are employed in making some of the clothes and in patching and mending garments, while the carpenters' ser vices are utilized for various purposes, such as tbe manufacture of seats, forms, and other woodeu utensils. The workmen receive a slight gratuity of a couple or three shillings weekly, and tbe saviogg hoarded ont of their stipends arc gene rally recklessly spent on liberty days— mostly in tobacco and often with the publicans. Tbe lower quarters consist of a quadrangle enclosed on every side by buildings. On the east side tbe buildings are a row of cottage barrack.s, gradually decreasing ia height as they descend the slope of tke hill, while tbe western boundary consist of a new two-storied building possessiug balconied veraudans. The rooms consist princi pally of large ward dormitories, rectangular in shape, airy, and roomy, but all having walls an desolate and bare as the rooms of a pt-nitontiary. -?Kstbetie culture ii evidently not an item iu the programme of the Destitute Aft^luiu, and yet some of these teeble old men loitering about the yard or seated down snekiug at short clay pipes are men of education, have occe moved iu refined society, and may be supposed to possess a eouI above a whitewash landscape. -v-a°a^am lawyers, doctors, squatters, and broken-down tradesmeu, who have demonstrated in their own careers the truth nf the {jrovf-rb Facu'it dc-crmu- Atrr/i-'ne frequent!}- amongst tboce who with shattered coDntitnt ions and broken fortunes seek here tleir last mundane home. That paralytic «ld hobblt-r who waa trudging painfully backwards anil forwards on a quart«r drck parade a few minutes before dinner, and who is now absorbed in reading the thrilling descrip tions of a better p.«ylum for the weary, given by the beloved disciple in Revelations, was a doctor in his -:ay with a very large country practice. He take* ro heel of our presence, and it is tvic!e:.t that it would reqniro considerably more *han the recent Asiatic cholera scare to rouse him from his apathy to the world in general. Not so, however, is it with this decrepid old hoary-beaded sinner, who is being driven into the yard with minatory gestures by the wards man. He has been caught just now for thu hundredth time in the women's yard, into which he contrive* to escape with every smallest possible loophole of opportunity. Perhaps be was courting the jolly Scotch spinster! His family has been an expensive one to the State. He was a hawker, and his wife, a loose character, was tbe mother of two very pretty daughters. The latter fell into the hands of the law as neglected children at an early age and underwent the usual Industrial School course, from which they were sent out to service, with every promise of doing well. But the heritage of thame appeared to descend upou them from the mother, and as soon as they were free from the supervision of the destitute authorities they took to bad courses. What peculiar drawbacks prevented their reformation I know not, bnt there must have been something wrong somewhere to defeat the reclamation of these seedlings. The ending of their lives was as Kad ?» 'b* beginning was unpropitious — they both died in the Hospital before they had at tained eighteen years of age, or within two years of the period at which they became free agents, irresponsible to the guardians of the destitute. The difference between the demeauoar of tbe men and that of the women was noticeable. The latter mostly made awkward curtseys aud appeared to court notice — this might cer tainly have been tho lut flickering flame of tbe ghost of the habit of flirtation, which seems to b« to essential uu element of female natxire — but the men wen* generally stolidly indifferent, and appeared to resent our coming m intrusive. A few of them gave the ugly touch of the forelouk or hat which is so commonly the obeisance enjuined in gaols, and which is a degraded imitation of the mili tary salute. Amorjgat the remarkably stolid ones were three old Germans, seated ou their beds at one end of a ward, phlegmatically smoking aud reading. Oue was an old soldier, and when a lad of fifteen years had served with Blucher at Waterloo. Uu had previously been pressed into Napoleon's invading army, but after siz weeks detention managed to escape and join l'lticher's forces. Rather a different history attached to a fine, intelligent-looking old man, with iron-grey hair. He bad been a country gentleman at home, tbe possessor of a fine estate and a well-bred pack of hounds, with which ho was foud of sceuriug the country in the hunting season. He was one of three brothers, aud tho other two were as noted for their peculiarities as he was for his. While his passion was the chase his brothers indulged respectively in their favourite occupa tions of fishing and shooting. These idiosyn crasies led to the application of nicknames to the trio, viz., Nimrot!. Fishing Rod, anil Ramrod. Nimrod originally came out to this colony as a squatter. In the upstairs wards arc to be found the more confirmed invalids— men suffering from phthisis, general breaking-up, contracted limbs, blindness , paralysis, and not a few still further weighted down with imbecility or partial madness. Old Bob was an instance of this. He was paralyzed, and his bead troubled him. He could mutter nothing but meaniag less sounds, sometimes moaning the one word ' Bitter,' and occasionally breaking out into an idiotic crow, which culminated in tne wards ? Poor Bob.' (To be continued.) 