Music and the Drama. THE braaa band contest whioh partly took pince ii tho Exhibition-building on last Saturday and Mon day oveninga, and whioh is to bo finished in th< Masonic Hall this (Saturday) night, is quite a noveltj in music. Strictly speaking, this contest is not c fair test of the muaioal skill of tho bands engaged ii it, but is rather a test of thoir ability to play soleC' tiona with whioh they aro familiar. «Wo do not wis! to anticipate tho award of the judges, but wo have formed our own opinion as to two of the bonds whioh are sure to bo pronounced tho victors, tho contest for tho third place lying, we think,hetweon two others, We aro rather surprised that so many of tho bande should have chosen danoo musio as affording a fitting field for tho display of their abilities, for, assuming that time and tuno are observed, tho rate of movement and tho duo accentuation of tho music are tho only points in whioh ono band cnn excel anothor in performing music of this kind. TTp to thc present time 10 bands have oompotod, namely, the Parramatta and Cumborland, tho Balmain Al iance, tho Naval Brigade, tho St. Leonards, tho Head' quarters, the Imporial, tho Balmain United, thc Young Australian, tho Albion, and the City Fire Brigado banda. Some of tho piooos selected by thc bands comprised much melodious and oharmmg musio, particularly a Belootion entitled, " Be' miniscenooB cf Bellini," played by tho Parra matta Band, and a selection from " Maritana " played by tho Young Australian Band, the seleotior having been arranged most tastefully and skilfullj by tho master of tho band, Mr. Hardy. This aeleo tion, whioh we boliove is in manuscript, ought to bi printed for the benefit of others, for it is distinguishoc by tho charm of variety as well as melodiousness We may here state that all the competing bands dis played great ability, and thiB is our warranty foi saying that wo have a largo amount of muaioal talen" amongst us, which, if properly directed and on oonragod, would render us, so far as open-air musi( is concerned, independent of tho rest of tho world. Tho judges will give in their award respecting th( victorious bands to-day (Saturday), at the Mason« Hall. Herr Bandmann made his appearaneo as "Hamlet Princa of Donmark,' ' on the stage of the Opera House on last Saturday night. Those who aro competen to jndgOj asaert that bia pronunciation of English if greatly improved, and that his later imporsonatioi of the Danish Princo far oxoeods, in point of artistic merit, his former performance in the same role Not having heard him when he was in Sydnpy before we are una bio to give an opinion on this point. H< is unquestionably an actor of high artistio excel cellenco. His Hamlet must tako high rank Its many excellences sufficiently atone for its defects, and raise it immeasurably above anything that histrionic talont of tho morely correct anc mediocre typo could hope to achieve. Taking inte acoount the hurried way iu whioh the oompany bj whioh Herr Bandmann ia supported have beer brought together, and tho difficulty of representing a five-aot tragedy on a stage of auch limited extent as that of tho Opera House, tho management are deserving of very great praiso for tho creditable stylo in whioh " Hamlet " has been produced. Miss Louiso Beaudot, as Ophelia, made a very favourable impression. Sho bas a pleasing and well-modulated voico, of limited compass, but olear and distinct ir its articulation. Sho is one of tho boat Opholias we have seen in Sydney ; full of grace and sweetness, anc quite dovoid of stsginesB-Bhe at onuo seourec the sympathies of the audienoe. The young lady shared with Herr Bandmann the honom of repeated calls before tho ourtain. Om old acquaintance, Mr. Hoskins, enacted thc Ghost. The King waa BUBtained by Mr. Cathcart, with groat ability, the soliloquy " My offence is rank," &c;, being a masterly specimen of elocution. Mr. Douglas, as Laertes, performed with his usual care and intelligence, and the role of First Grave digger was safe in the hands of Mr, Sam. Howard. Tho Osrio of Mr. St. Lawrence was meritorious. Tho romainder of the oast waa roBpootablo, but calls for no special mention. " Hamlet," has boen repeatod several timeB during the early part of the week, and " Macbeth " and other dramas are in rehearsal. At the Theatro Boyal on last Saturday night, Morton's " All that Glitters ia not Gold " and Brougrhton's " Withered LeaveB " were produoed. Tho theatro was comfortably filled in all parts. Although " All that Glitters ia not Gold, "haa always been a popular play since its first representation at tho London Olympic, now about 25 years ago, it is without doubt a most incongruous production. It bristles with inexcusable absurdities from beginning to end, and although the moral is both apparent and pointed, the goal is reaohod by means emphatically erratic. The principal oharaotor in tho play is Jasper Plum-ono of those men BO well known in and around Manchester (why tho Boone is laid in Bristol wo never could understand)-a successful cotton spinner, and ho affects all tho attiibutos of the genus. Not at al] objecting to inform you from what ho haB risen, he noverthelees improsses upon you the similarity there is 'twixt bia progross and that of tho grub. Ho does not develop into au improved grub, but becomes a butterfly, with 'perhaps a sympathetic consideration for grubs in general, but othorwiso not of thom. Ho thinks, walks, and aots differently, toadlos to grandees with whom ho ia anxious to minglo, and usas French phrases with about as much graoo as ho spoaks English. This is Jaspor Plum, who having booomo a butterfly, must e'en soar high. Tho oharaotor was artistically played by Mr. Shepherd. We don't think we have had a botter opportunity of witnessing the versatility of Mr. Marshall's powers as an actor than on Saturday night last. Tho transition from the grotesqueness of Twinklo to tho gentlemanliness and poÜBh of Tom Conyoi'B in " Withored Loaves " proves this gentleman's high talents, and tho soopo of his repertoire. "Withored Leaves" ia ono of thoso pleasant little ono-aota, without whioh it was onoo thought no proporlj-oondnotod porformanoo oould terminate. Thoro ÍB not much in it, but it iat never theless, vory onjoyable. Tho chief aim of it is to show how muoh goodness thçro exists in that oft times maligned class of ladies, "second wivoa." Tho soonio Betting of tho Jplay does credit to tho Bonins of Mr. Gordon. Tho piooo ran smoothly from beginning to end. It is announood that somo impor tant information rospeoting tho futuro proooodinga of tho London Comedy Company will bo mada to night. Miss Louise Pomoroy was grootod on last Saturday night with repeated and prolonged applause at tho Quoon'a Theatro when ahe appeared aa Rosalind in '* As You Liko lt." Sho is a propoBBosaing and graceful aotrosa, and has already oharmod a host of our playgoers. Sho was ably supported. Mr. Vin cent play od aa Orlando, and Mr. Greville RH Touoh etouo, a oharaotor whioh onabled him to touoli tho risiblo muBolon of hiB andionoo with quaint and humorous sallies. Tho part suitod tho actor, and tho actor suitod tho part. Tho play waa fairly mountod, and on tho wholo was woll roooivod by a vory largo audionoo. The por formanoo waa very oroditablo to tho oompany. "As Yon Lika It" has kopt tho stage at thia theatre daring the groatorpartof the weok, trat to-nierht (Saturday) " Macbeth ' ia announced for performance. Our oity roadera should not forget that a compli mentary benefit eoncort will bo given on Tuesday 112fch instant, in tho School of Arts, to Miss Mario St. Clair, who wo regret to say ia about to loavo tho colony. This fine contralto singor will bo assisted by a number of eminont artists at tho conoort referred to, whioh will provo no doubt a pleasurable reunion to a largo audience "Wo hopo the charming oanta trioo may have a full houBO, for she oortainly dosorvoB one. _ 