IRRESOLUTION. , ( Saturday Review .) Some men are born with a natural infirmity of character which, if humoured, amounts to an ina- bility to make up their minds, to keep to one in tention, to regard any decision, as final . A variety of causes may seem to underline this weakness — causes arising from an over-keen and ready percep tion of all the bearings of the question in hand, or from mere feebleness of character, rendering all grasp of a subject, all effectual hold, impossible. It may be an intellectual or a moral falling, one due to a judgment paralysed by extent of choice, or to a conscience made slippery by habitual dis regard of its first monitions ; but in either case its effects upon a man's character and career are pa« tent to others. People may have many faults which work in secret, which observers only guess at by seeing their consequences ; but irresolution works in the open, and is sooner detected by the looker-on than by the mau himself who is a prey to this inervating influence. What seems to the ir- irresolnte temper the mere exercse of aprofound judg ment or a refined taste is detected by those who are inconvenienced, irritated, or injured by it, as the slip and blemish which weakens, loosens, renders futile the whole course of life and actiou. The irresolute mau, whatever his position or his powers, not only fails to himself, but is felt by those about him to be useless for the parts of counsellor, supporter, or advocate. He is essentially incompetent for these officers. His own course is determined, not by in tention, but by chance ; his judgment wants the education of personal experience. No one can re main eternally suspended between two courses of action, for the world move3 and situations change however much a man may desire to keep them at a standstill till his mind is made up. Something irrespective of his judgment steps in and takes the matter in hand. While he deliberates on the highest conceivable best — best in itself or best for him — while he fluctuates, accident settles the matter, with little regard for his credit of interest. It is difficult, La Bruyere says, to decide whether irresolution makes a man more unfortunate or con temptible, whether there is more harm in making a wrong decision or in making none at all. A step which a man is driven to take under the compul sion of external circumstances is seldom taken at the right time. Owing to this demand for action, even in the most vacillating — this impossibility of eternal indecision where other men. and other interest are concerned — irresolution is necessarily allied with precipitation. The man incapable of a final immovable resolve decides at length on an impulse which has nothing to do with clio'cj. Ir resolute men are rash men ; prone to act on the spur of the moment in order to defeat their infirm ity and to put it out of their power to hesitate and shilly-shally. There are cases when these contending qualities play somewhat fatally upon one another. Thus the impulse of the moment commits a man to cause action. Knowing his weakness he is precipitate in making promises ; but then steps in the habit of his mind that deliberates and hangs suspended, when the slower process of performance ought to follow. Irresolution splits into two, or into many parts what should be only one act. With the healthy reasonable mind a promise involves its per- pex'formance ; but irresolution never considers any thing as settled so long as change is possible. Every hindrance, every difficulty is an argument for a re versal, or breach of contract, either with oneself or others. As a fact, all important undertakings and promises engaged in under strong impressions and warm feelings are followed by a change of tempera ture in the undertaker and promiser. The habit of keeping to your word because it has been passed, whether to yourself or another, alone sustains the will under the reaction . " What terrible moments," said Pope, " does one feel after one has engaged in a large work ? In the beginning of my translating the Iliad I wished everybody would hang me a thousand times." It is of course the relaxation of the mind's fibre which lies at the bottom of all decent forms of jilting, whether in man or woman. The promiser awakes to the fact that he has done a tremendous thing. This may happen to the firm as well as to the weak, but the irresolute are in the habit of vacillation and also in the habit of justi fying it as reasonable deliberation. It comes easily to them to hesitate or to betray hesitation. The constant mind knows that it is in for it, and instantly recovers from the temporary panic. It is no time to weigh the question when the step is once taken ; thought and deliberation have finally given place to action. In smaller matters promises become a habit to the irresolute, as being dissociated from perform ance. A man gives or accepts an invitation in one mood, and backs out of it when he thinks over the inconvenience he may incur. He promises a gift, and, when the moment of parting with what he values arrives, he finds himself a different man from the rash donor, his former self. The argu ments which should be silenced by a strong will press with gathering force and grow in weight as the notion of the imminence of a crisis possesses the mind, with him the fulfilment of a promise is the crisis, not the making it. Whether justly or not, Garrick's friends considered him as a framer of good intentions which he had resolution to keep, Foote said of him that he often set out with the design of performing a generous act, but the ghost of a halfpenny meeting him at the corner of a street sent him home again. The pain of fulfil ment is the only cure for this vacillating temper, the only lesson of any avail. Mere regrets, mere penitence for past imprudence, will do nothing. Promises become a habit unless they are sternly held to performance. Nor will the conscience long warn against them, for all the pleasures of benevolence can fill a mind of this class quite apart from the fulfilment of airy intantions. 