rp '-TGN. Russia. On December u ;'"? Czar informed the Czarewitch that during his years not a single constitutional experiment ought to be made. The Czarewitch somewhat excitedly gave a rather hasty reply, to the effect that the Czar had no right to compromise the future of the dynasty. The arrest of the Czarewitch was only prevented by a telegram, from the Empress. The difference, however, between the father and son are so great that serious consequences are apprehended, the more so as the Czarewitch is supported by a strong party, composed ? of several Ministers, two-thirds of the administrative Senate, and many eminent generals, all of whom demand the introduction of reforms. Moreover, the Senate will shortly submit to the Czar a petition most respectfully but firmly asking him to bestow on the people certain rights and liberties, thus making the people the guardian of the Empire's greatness. The generals have also reported that more than a fourth of the officers in the army wore infected by reform aspirations. Should the Czar really persist in many reprisals, the worst may be feared, namely, a military pro minciamicnio. France.-The indirect revenue for the first half of November has exceeded the estimate viz., the receipts of 1877 by twelve millions, making a surplus from January 1, of 135 millions, which is likely by the end of the year to reach 150 millions. M. de Cassagnac denies in the columns of the says that he has rallied to Prince Napoleon. The Prince's call on the Empress was a first step, but M. de Cassagnac will not rally to him till his religious principles have nothing to dread from a third Empire, and that day he hopes is near at hand. M. Louis Blanc will very shortly bring forward a motion in the Chamber of Deputies in favour of granting a plenary amnesty to all participators in the Communist insurrection. M! Carter, Republican, has been elected deputy for Cambrai by a majority of about 2000 over his antagonist, M. Amigues, Bonapartist. Turkey. From Constantinople again come reports of a possible Ministerial change. The spectre of the Turks Russian alliance likewise makes its appearance in connection with this change. Said and Mahmoud Nedim, being both reputed philo Russians, it is not easy to tell in whose favour this ghost has been evoked. For the moment Said is supposed to have shown the greater attachment to Russia, so that Mahmoud Nedim almost begins to be regarded as having broken off the Muscovite connection. Whichever of the two succeeds, it will be safe to assume that he will mainly look after his own affairs, postponing to them the interests of Russia or any other Power. Mahmoud Nessim Pasha has drawn up and submitted to the Council of Ministers a scheme of internal reforms, and he proposes that a commission shall be appointed to supervise their execution with the object of avoiding all unnecessary delays. Austria. The much-talked-of alliance between. Germany and Austria-Hungary, said to have been concluded on October 15 by Prince Bismarck and Count Andrassy at Vienna has manifestly not been able to remove their differences as to the conclusion of a new treaty of commerce. Both Governments, ruled by protectionist motives, are selfishly averse to grant each other the least advantage which might be detrimental to their own commerce and trade. The Austro-Hungarian Plenipotentiaries, who went to Berlin for informal inquiries and an exchange of opinion with their German colleagues as to the future arrangement of their respective political commercial relations, returned to Vienna without being much wiser. In consequence of the difficulties felt in the formation of a new treaty of commerce a motion has been proposed that the two countries should simply concede to each other the privilege of mutually treating themselves on the footing of the most-favoured-nation clause. If such a compromise be not arrived at, the German goods on importa- tion to Austria- Hungary would from January 1, 1880, at which period the present treaty expires, be subject to a. " surtax " of 10 per cent. Hungary The waters of the Mares are now subsiding, and it is hoped that Arad will escape the threatened cafes v trophy, although the suburbs are under water. Three battalions of infantry, a squadron of Hussars, many work- men from the Comital, and most of the citizens continue to strengthen the dykes. The- Pioneers blasted the ice which had accumulated below the town. All the house windows t are lighted, and the inhabitants are on constant watch. 1 Almost all the Transylvania rivers and brooks have over yfiow_thm'rhanks,añd'_id,vasttracts-of land under water. ?*-est^.«y)**")&a;"_(*t^ and swept away furniture, cattle, and corn. In some cases the inhabitants remained for days on the roofs and in trees awaiting assistance. ¡ár-AiN.-It having become known that a motion of confidence in the new Ministry was to be moved on December 11 in the Chamber of Deputies, there was a large attendance of members supporting the Government, and the public galleries were crowded. Immediately on the opening of the sitting, Senor Alcazar rose and moved a resolution declaring the confidence of the Chamber in the Cabinet of Senor Canovas del Castillo. The Premier' then addressed the House, and was followed by Senor Francisco Silvela, the ' Marquis Arriola, and Senor d'Albacete respectively, the Ministers of the Interior, Justice, and the Colonies in the Ministry of Marshal Campos, all of whom spoke against the motion of confidence. Ultimately the resolution was adopted by 20 votes to 1, the single dissentient being Senor Posada Herrera. The Deputies belonging to the minority abstained J from taking any part in the voting. | The Vatican. At the Vatican it is asserted that the Pope conceives himself to have reason to fear fresh disturbances in France and some other countries, and that, greatly exercised in his-', i.:::.;'.; ;. the . ;" out condition of Europe, instructions are being sent to all Bishops to do their utmost for the preservation of tranquillity. Meantime a diversity of opinion among the members of the Sacred College, and the opposition of certain groups of Cardinals to the policy of the Pope, have been acquiring intensity, and the Holy Father is preparing an address which he will read to their Eminences on the eve of Christmas Day, pointing out the absolute necessity that, for the welfare of society, all should support him in his difficult task. 