When" tho present Ministry, in tho. end of October, entered oil office, it asked that its good intentions might bo taken on trust. Both Houses of Parliament responded by unhesi tatingly granting supplies persistently refused to their predecessors. The new Ministry, also, on' entering on office deprecated any premature dis-: cussion as to their probable measures. They pro mised a readjustment of the existing incidence of taxation. But thev said, do not insist nn details, we have not ourselves proceeded beyond a general agreement, and we ask the Parliament and the public to give us the intervening period till the reassomblingofParlinment, toworkoutthe details without having our thoughts distracted by discussion on subjects admittedly iminaturo. Ministers have been singularly fortunate in 4UIU V4M441 uvaiiva VUUJUICU tublli _L Hi liamcnt having voted supplies, told Ministers to use tho period they had : asked in the manner they proposedt and, as if marking its sense of tho impropriety of discussion, at once assented to an adjournment. The public has been equally considerate. Its mouth-picce, the Press, lias maintained a marked reticence. . Ministers havo neither been prejudged, nor, except in a genoral; way, advised, and we have now entered on the last week of the vacation, not- only with' as little information as we possessed' when Par liament was adjourned, but without having asked of Ministers their intentions, or having indulged in any anticipations as to what thoy would do ; what leave undone, except in so far as Alinisteis themselves, before being sworn in, vouchsafed us information. And even now, there 13 a general assent to the maintenance ofadiscreet silence ; to wait in patience the enunciation of the Ministerial views. In such circumstances Ministers must feel that the bargain can not be all ou one side. Obligations are imposed on Ministers as on the Parliament and the people, and Parliament and the people having been faithful to the duties imposed on them, it is now demanded of Ministers that they be equally faithful. We have no intention of detracting from the merit of past reticence by indulging at the eleventh hour in speculations as to what Alinisters will do ; nor will we now depart from the forbearanco hitherto maintained. : We are content to accept, as the basis of our reflections, f Tyq larf wIiipTi MtniofoM flinnsolvAQ crarn in their places in Parliament when announcing that His Excellency had approved of tho names submitted to him by Air. Giblin as Premier. In entering on the coming Session Alinisters should bear in mind the great inconvenience to which a number of hon. Alembers must ncces-' sarily be put in leaving their homes and business at tnis season or tne year, mere are some hon. gentlemen who are never more at home than when from home. To them the excite ment of the meeting of Parliament, the promi nent position they for a time occupy in the public eye, are more than compensation for any inconvenience that their absence from their orJ dinary homes and customary life entails ; and Borne there are so little regardful of the divine; maxim of doing to others as they would be done by, that they trade on the inconvenience of their more pre-occiipied and more engaged fellow legislators. They are not above trying to weary out the patience of the less idle Alembers, that; by driving such home, , they may . tho more readily snatch a chance victory on a 'divi sion, if on a vital question so 'much the more are such schemers delighted. AGnisteis are bound to protect' the portion of the Alembera whose absence, from home entails on them pecu- niary loss, from the machinations of their unscru pulous co-legislators, and to reduce the incon venience and loss to a- minimum. As a matter of policy, and in self-preservation, it will be the duty of Alinisters to defeat the schemes of deliberate procrastinators by pushing on the business of the Session with a firm promptitude that, while avoiding unseemly haste, will also steer clear of the danger of delay. The . Session should be a brief one. Tlio motto.of Alinisters in regard to every measure they, introduco should be, " when 'tis done,: then 'twere - 'well it were done quickly." In saying this we do not go outside the path which Alinisteis chalked out for them selves. The rules of each House of Parliament necessitate sufficient delay to allow the fullest required discussion on any subject. In a Session which we are led to believe will deal only with the 'subject of finances, the ; talkativeness of hon. Alembers should not be al lowed to strain these rules. The duty of Alinis ters may not be a simple or easy one. We admit that they have a difficult part to play, but the uolony cannot ne oenentea ny a waste ot nours in needless talk. Some speak very lightly of the task of sustaining the commercial credit of the Colony. Their souls rise above the common place work of keeping the wolf from the door. They would ratherindulgein dreams and theories. The practical work of " paying the piper" is be neath their genius. Let us for once make a paction. Let such heaven-born geniuses resign to the practical plodders who seek to make the two ends meet the coming Session, and we venture - to say that the work will be done in: a couple of weeks, and then, when Parliament meets again in the dull winter weeks of June or July, wo would allow them full scope to ventilate their airy schemes of constitutional .reform, and to make the individual colo nist " a free born Briton," even if Tasmania as a Colony, should flounder under the difficulty of providing ways and means. They who value more the political freedom of the colonist than the freedom from debt of the Colony should; in charity to their loss enlightened fellow citizens, permit for once the working out of the problem " owe no man anything," which lias of late years proved too mueli for Alinistries and Parliament. That at least is what Alinisters have told us will be their object during the coming Session; In the Legislative Council the Colonial Secre tary, Air. AIoore, said " The great question of finance would be the chief question which would be brought before the House on re-assembling. The question of constitutional reform he did not think would be touched at present. Two of the leading principles of finance would be economy in the expenditure, and a revision of the Customs tariff." On that occasion Air. AIoore said, they " proposed meeting Parliament on tho 13tli January with fixed measures, when there would t j11t_ j-11 4.1. _ 1 1j v ' u« au uiuyutiuyuig, uuu tuo uuaiiieas woum DO proceeded with, with a due consideration of ' tho greatness of ' the emergency. " Similar Views were expressed in the House of Assembly, and gone into somewhat more in detail. , j Intercolonial Files. — By tho arrival of the s.s; Flinders at Launceston on Saturday, from Mel bourne, we have received the following files /of intercolonial papers Victoria, 30th ult. to 2nd inst.: South Australia. 29th ult. to 31st nit:: Van- South Wales, 29th ult. to 31st ult.; and Queen's: land, 25th to 27th ult. ..: i.1 v . -. j Master Wardens. — A great deal of nonsense is spoken and written in the North of a character to foster jealousy of the South. Any feeling of jealousy of the North is quite a rarity here, but we do in one respect envy the better manner in which the North manages matters connected with the Alarine Board.1 There the business is conducted in presence of the nublic. There, too. the necessity of nautical know; ledge in the Alaster Warden is, recognised. . We mentioned the other day tho appointment of Captain Gilmoro as Alaster Warden of. tho Lauuceeton Alarine Board, and in the report of the proceedings we "read :— Captain Ditcham alluded to the neces sity that existed- for the position of Alaster Warden being held by : a nautical man, who could be con-' suited by bis subordinates as an authority on mari time matters, and ensnre the proper discipline of tho employis of the Board. Captain Ditcham instanced cases where losses had been occasioned to owners of vessels owing to a nautical man not being at the head of affairs, and considered that now they had got one the salary should be made more adequate; He would propose that the salary of the Alaster 'Warden be now the maximum amount of £200 a year. He considered it necessary that mercantile men should also be represented on the Board, and as at present constituted both branches were fairly represented. ' A Want in Campbell Town. — A correspondent asks us to assist bim in supplying a want in Camp bell Town. " It is,' he says " that of a school for young children whose parents- don't care to send them to the Government public school. There is no dther here at present, and if some of the ladies' advertising for situations as teachers or governesses know that there, is an opening here they might be induced, to make the venture. Faulty Geography.—' The .lately delivered mail has brought some queer specimens of geographical knowledge. One package, for an inspeotion of which we ore indebted to; the courtesy of His Excellency, is addressed to '.'The Governor-iri-Chief of Tasmania, Africa." This comes from Chicago, and is certainly excusable when compared with a blunder in a quarter from which we should expect an average knowledge of colonial matters. The European Mail is a publication specially intended as a medium of communication between the mother country and tho colonies. Wo look to tho Mail lor news of English matters, and a portion of its space is devoted to giving information on colonial matters. Yet by last mail the publisher sent out a package which, carefully stating it was from tlio European Mail, ho thus addressed, "The Legislative Assembly, Launceston, Queensland, Australia. i Fire in Elizabeth-street.— Shortly before 4 o'olock yesterday morning a firo . broko out in the baok portion of Mr. George Taylor's crockery mart, Elizabeth-street. The usual alarm was given, ami both reels were speedily in attendance. Only one liose, howevci, that of tho Tasmania reel, was brought into operation, it being thought that by only employing ouo hoso considerable damage to tho goods was prevented. The fire was extinguished in about a quarter of an hour after it was discovered, when the condition of the place seemed to indicate that the fire originated in a quantity of TandBticker matches, which were packed on the shelves, becoming ignited. The property was .insured,; .. An inquest will probably be held. Licesbinq ArpEAL. — Tho Court . pf Central | Sessions will sit at 1 1 o'olook this morning to h< ar . an appeal by F;3rown against the refusal of the | license for the Lord Melbourne Hotel, Melville- street, on the groundjof insufficient accommodation. Cm Police Court. — Air. Tarleton, P.M., pre sided at the City Police Court on Saturday. Charles Clarke, charged with embezzlement, was remanded till the 7th inst. City Council.— Tho usual meeting of the Council will lie held to-day. Reports from the various committees as foltows, viz.: — Pablic Works: On application for repairs to Warwick-street ; on Mr. D. Lewis's complaint, obstruction Brooke-street; on W. Evans's petition, land connected with Air. A! oir, and a sand pit ; on application of the Rev. AI. J. Becchinor for repairs to Barrack-street. Alarkets : On report of committee respecting dredging machine, sent back for farther information. Orders of the Day : Consideration of tenders for 1SS0. GlenorchyCouncil. — Ameeting of the Glenorchy Municipal Council was held on the 2Dth ult., all the members being present. The following accounts were passed: — Salaries, £59 6s. Sd. ; stationery, 14s. Gd. ; stabling, £1 ; Davies Bros., £5 5s.; wages, 12s.; fuel and light, £1 19s.; rations, £1 Is. 10d.; escort' of prisoners to Risdon Ferry, 4s. Gd. A letter was received from the Colonial Secretary upon the subject of retrenchment of the charitable, vote. A reply was ordered to be forwarded, that attention would be given to the matter. A Govern-, ment' circular was also received relative to' the isolation of patients suffering from infections fevers,; etc. The Council resolved to attend to the request.: The Gilchrist Scholarship. — We are indebted: to the courtesy of the Colonial Sseretnry for the! information that the Governor has been honoured with a despatch from the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonics, transmittinc a copy of a letter from the Registrar of the University of London, reporting the result of the examination re cently held in Tasmania in connection with tho Gilchrist Scholarship, and stating Mr. Arthur F.l Davenport having been placed within the first divi sion the Scholarship has been assigned to him. The successful competitor is a son of the Rev. Canon Davenport, of 1 Trinity Church. Presentation . at Green Ponds.— At the anni versary of- the' Congregational Church" school of Green Ponds on New "Year's Day, the public enter tainment was more than usually interesting, by the presentation to Mr. John Lumsdcn, tbeSuperia-! tendent of the school, : of .the following address, which was read and handed to him by Air. Islimael Lawrence, with a purse containing £12 Is. Gd., and books to . the value of £2 10s. "To Mr, John Lumsden. Dear Sir,— There are but few, if any, of the people of. Green# Ponds, none of our congre; gation; 'church, 'and school, "'with' which you, sir/ stand connected, but know you well. They know your character generally, the position that you have for many years taken in the church, your relations to it, and the services you have rendered. If we note any of these services in particular, covering a period of over 13 years, we may mention the never- failing Snnday distribution of tracts throughout the township, at- your -own cost ; the Sabbath school of which for several years you have been the chief;.-and the occasional higher work in the place of the pastor. It is time, we think, that so much Sunday labour for the Saviour should be tangibly recognised by us. We take, therefore, this anniversary of the school as a fit occasion to present you, dear sir, with this purse of gold, and these volumes,' heartily subscribed and given by the people, to mark our appreciation of your ' work of faith aod labours of love," and our respect for you as a man — as a man . of moral integrity, and of Christian' virtue. May the God of all grace bless you and yours, if it please Him, with many happy New Years. And do not grow weary in well doing : 'Forasmuch as you know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.' Signed on behalf of the subscribers — Islimael Lawrence, Henry Kennedy, Aiinister, Jane E. . Kennedy." AH. Lumsden very feelingly and at some length acknowledged the kindoess of his friends, and expressed a hope that he should always occupy the same proud place ill the estimation of those among whom lie lived, What hftH that rlftV fjiWpn nlfipn \cmi1f1 hn nn initonfivn tn him to continue bis labours. Sermons to-the Young.—' Tie annual sermon to young men was preached at the Davey-street Con gregational Church last evening by the Rev. George Clarke, Pastor of the Church. There wa9 a large congregation. The rev. gentleman based an ad mirable; discourse. on Jeremiah vi., 16 — "Thus saith the Lord, stand ye in the old patli3, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, aod walk therein, and ye shall find rest for. your souls." The object of the address was to porsuado the congregation and young men especially to test moral aud religious questions, not merely by speculation, but rather-by-historical facts. At the Alemorial Church, a sermon was preached in the evening-by the Rev. W. C. Robinson, his. subject being "The relation of our physical and spiritual natures," Ho took for his text I Cor., vi., 19— " Yoiir body Ib the temple of the Holy Ghost," and preached an eloquent and practical sermon there from,- especially dwelling upon the -wonders and dignity of the human frame, and the way it, should be treated. ; , IValch's Red Book. — We have received Watch's Tasmanian Almanac for 1SS0. This is the eighteenth year of the publication of this most in valuable book of reference. As usual the coutcnts have been very carefully revised, and iu many re spects important additions have been made, Tho get-up of the book is highly creditable, aud, as in former years; we can strongly recommend the work to all who wish for the best publication of the kind; and which is -indispensable in every place of busi ness, and a valuable repository of colonial informa tion for even tho private family. Oetewayo. — ;Mr; T. L. Hood- has just received a number of photographs of the famous ex- King of the Zulus, taken -on board tho' steamer that Con veyed him to Cape Town. Cetewayo is by no means a prepossessing person ; but the pleasant smile en his face hardly conveys the Idea that he is such a bloodthirsty individual /as' we have- been led to believe. ,,His form is well displayed/for it is almost naked, 'so much so that the protrdit verges on the indecent.' It is related that lie manifested a great reluctance to be " taken," nnd when asked to sit down a second time ho declined to "make a fool of himself twice in one day." Those who wish tn add to their stock of portraits of notables will no donkt secure Cetewayo at onco. '-- ' : : n .! ; . . 11 T? DJMt 'llf ITfllT —Tho Wltllfn' tmefrtli . ATowmn/l ai Single members of the Rifle Association, will be fired to-day, commencing at 1 o'clock. Tho sqnad list and ammunition are. at Hampton's, Argylc- street. Theatre .Royal. — The .successful, .but brief run of Under the OasUght was finished on" Saturday night, and this eveuing will see -the .production at the Theatre Royal of the emotional ' and realistic drama, The Sea of Ice, including a scene in which the gradual breaking.up of a sea of ice and ..the concurrent rising of the billowB will be shown. The drama, which is an old one, has. a very interesting plot of nautical type. , A.captain with his wife and daughter put to'Bea; During the vessel's voyage d man named Carlos causes the crew to mutiny, and putting, the family overboard in a boat, makesroff "with the vessel in search of agoldfield only known to himself. The captain' and his wife perish; but the daughter and a man ; named Barabas, " who ac companied them, are saved, the former falling into the hands of .Indians, and the latter being picked up by a (French vessel .Carlos becomes very rich' ana marries inegiri, wno taxes tins .step one ot motives of reVerige, which she manages to carry out,: ruining him with his' own" wealth. The situations are strong ones; and being supported by a full caste the production ought to be successful. By invita- tion-'of the management " the Sydney "University team will visit the Theatre in the evening. - Professor PEPPEii.—On Saturday two per formances were given by Professor Pepper, .in the afternoon and evening. At the win/inea miscellaneous programme ivasgiven, suited to the tastes of the juve niles, who formed the large--' jiortionofthe audieno ;. It combined amusement with instructon in a marked' degree. The evening entertainment was not so well; attended, and the bQl given on the previous evening was repeated. His Excellency the Governor has \- announced his intention of being present to-night. To-morrow and Thursday evenings will introduce the Professor in his opening lectures on Light and Optics. By His Excellency's desire the lecture and illustrations upon torpedo warfare will begin to night's performance. With regard to the lectures a correspondent writes " I should like, if possible, to create some interest in the lectures to be given by Professor Pepper on Tuesday and Thursday next. As announced, the two first of a series of lectures on Light and Optics are to "be given, and it will depend upon the attendance on the two evenings mentioned whether the concluding . six lectures of the aeries will he -.delivered. T iln trnaf flint, tlin' citizens of Hobart Town will show that they can appreciate popular scientific lectures, and that Pro- fessor Pepper will receive encouragement to continue with us for a while longer. I. hope also that -the heads of our educational establishments trill avail themselves of the opportunity to make arrange ments for the attendance of their pupils. As a rule lectures are expected to be somewhat prosy, but judging from the popular works on Light, Che-, mistry, Magnetism, Eleotricity, etc., by Professor Pepper (and which may be found on the shelves of our Public Library), the lectures to be delivered next week are likely to be entertaining and instruc tive. The Professor possesses rare facilities for illustrating his subjects, nnd knows how to appeal to the pye as well as to the ear." . The Circus. — Two performances were given by the English Circus on Saturday, ono in the after- noon, and the other in tho evening. Both were moderately attended. The entertainment passed off very successfully, all the performers doing, their best to please the audiences. The troupe appear to-night, and also on Tuesday, which will be their last appearance. Alessrs. Hayes and Leopold take a benofit, and a grand programme is promised. Orchestral Union.— The secretary of ibis popu lar musical society, announces in uur acivertisius columns that the next rehearsal will take place at the Alayor's Court-room instead of, as herei ofore, at the Freemasons' Hall The Union's mxt pro duction is, we believe, to beGade's cantata, " i'he Erl King's Daughter," copies of which - can be ob tained: -from tho secretary, Mr. Fred. Jol'ey, at Alessrs. Walch and Sons, Wellington Bridgo. Ho.-u-ital Casm.— On Saturday, John Wftloh, aged 23, of Broam Creek, attended at the General Hospital and had A wound on the palm of his hand dressed. The incision was throe inches in length, and was sustained whilst cutting bread. Yesterday Wm. Buck, aged G2, of Clarence Plains, was received into the institution with his right thigh fractured. Buck's .horse' threw him violently whilst ho was riding home from chnrcli, and caused the injury just mentioned. The Crops, —The Examiner hears of very en couraging reports from all parts ot the country in reference to the crops. The season has been unusually favourable, nnd the prospects of a plenti ful harvest, perhaps, were never better. Happily, there are no' complaints of rust from any quarter, and should it hold off for ten days or a fortnight longer, no danger need be apprehended from that source. Hay is likely to be abundant and excel lent. The Tasmanian Court. — In a further notice of the Tasmanian Court.at the Sydney Exhibition, tho S. M. Herald, after alluding to the tin trophy, furs, otc., says: — "The class or group, 'Arbori culture and Forest Products,' is very poorly repre sented, and so also is that relating to animal products used ns food, which includes merely two entries of cheese and one of bacon. Agricultural products, however, come better off, wheat heading the list with twelve entries ; barley, beans, peas, tares, oats, hops, etc., are also well represented. ' 'All theso articles, as well as flour, malt, oatmeal, barley, etc., will, no doubt, be, brought into comparison with similar productions of other colonies, and their merits can then be .more accurately estimated. When it is rememheredi that the export of jam in 1S78 amounted in value' to over £105,000, it is somewhat surprising to find that this commodity is represented by a miserable display of two or three d-z-m tins. ' Green fruit is another important product of Tasmania, but, being of a perishable nature; it is not of course represented. Those wdio take an interest in pisciculture will notice with pleasure three exhibits in this Court — ; a salmon, which was netted in the Derwent River, at Sandy Bay ; and two trout, of 151b. and 111b. weight respectively. It is stated that the acclima tisation of- these-fish has been an successful that they are now abundant in the Derwent, and are also occasionally found at sea, some miles from tho river's mouth. The , vast importance of our own fish supply was fully recognised the other night in the Legislative. Council, when Air. Macleay moved for the appointment of a Royal Commission to re port upon, the state and prospect of our fisheries and'tho expediency of encouraig'ng pisciculture, etc; Although we may not actually be in immediate or even future danger of losing our abundant supply of fish, yot the efforts made by the sister colony to acclimatise such delicious fish as Balmon and trout ought to excite the keenest interest here. As piuviuuDij! siawu, aiio exnioic, as a waoie, tuuugu conveying a good idea of the resources of Tasmania, is yet rather smaller than one would have expected of such a thriving little colony. Compared with other colonial Conrts, the display of works of art, and" of ladies' handiwork especially, is far out of proportion _ to the other exhibits. No ono can, of course, objeot to : a display .which rot only pleases the eye, but affords proof of the jefined taste of , tbose who have contributed to its excellence ; but there is, at tlie'samc time, a feeling that the orna mental. monopolises a space that should be devoted to the useful. Tasmania is essentially an agricultural cou'b try, and while admitting that there is a variety of her products exhibited, yet one cannot help coming to the conclusion that our neighbours iu the sister colony have ; not been quito so enthusiastic' in the matter as liave kindred Australians generally; Nevertheless, the utmost advantage has been taken of the space occupied, aiid tho general arrangement of the exhibit, small though it is, reflects great credit on tho discrimination and good taste of those to whom have been . entrusted the interests of Tas mania." . Special Correspondents.— The Argus learns by private letters from home that Air. George Augustus Sato, who sometime since was announced as likely to visit the Australian colonies asspectol commissioner for the London Daily Telegraph, has abandoned his intention, and intends instead to make a tour of the Southern States of America, with the view of writing a series of descriptive letters. Mr. Charles Austin, the special correspondent of The Times to the Sydney Exhibition, arrived in Melbourne by the mail steamer on Tuesday tost. Air. Austin (says the Age) is a journalist of great experience, having made his mark first as a contributor to the Saturday Review, and subsequently as contributor and special correspondent to The Times. In the totter capacity :he followed the fortunes of the British army in Abyssinia and Afghanistan, and latterly has been acting as correspondent for that paper in India. Mr, Austin will remain here a few days before pro ceeding to Sydney, and will probably return shortly to observe the manner in which %ve conduct a general election. The readers of The Times will thus be afforded the opportunity which they have not hitherto enjoyed of becoming acquainted aaR1i both sides of Victorian politics. : Rate of Home Postage. — The Age writes : — "The Government has had under consideration, and will probably adopt, tho proposition that there should be a uniform rate of postage for letters at Gd. per half:ounce under the new postal contract for the conveyance of European mails via Colombo and Brindisi. The arrangements of the new service as regards the rights of the colonies and the Imperial Go\ernment will be somewhat different from those under the old system. The colony, having to pay the mail subsidy, will keep all the postage money taken here, whilst the English Treasury ivill pay the colony 2kl. for every Gd. letter transmitted to Vic toria. The balance of the Gd. postage is absorbed in this way : Twopence is kept by England as part of the Imperial revenue, and ljd. is paid to the Italian Government for . the transit of the. mails across the continent to and from Brindisi; Thus, the Imperial Government will have to ac count to the colony for.24d.-out of every Gd. letter, wliilst.tho : colony aa'ill retain the whole of the postage money locally collected. The reason why the Lords of the Treasury have been in a position to make some of the recently acquired concessions is that they have succeeded in reducing the rates of raihvay transit across the continent from 2d. per Gd. letter each way to 2d. both ways, or, iu other words, Id. each -way. The Southampton route ' will be permanently abandoned after this month, as all the mails are to be carried oa'erlaud from Brindisi. By this route eight days in time will be sai-ed ; whilst, if the uniform rate of postage be uuuptuu, as luaicaceu, rue puuiiu aviii ue.aoie 10 transmit letters by the continental mail at South ampton "rates." ' ... "Naval Items.—1 The S. M. Herald writes :— The many friends ot onrlate Commodore will be pleased to hear that it is said to have been decided to confer tho coming vacancy at the Admiralty Board upon Rear-Admiral Anthony Hiloy Hoskins, O.B., late Commodore iu Australia. The supporters and well- wishers of; the ..Goodenough Royal Naval House Avill be gratified to learn that the benefits - afforded the sailors and marines of the ships of the Royal NaA-y in this.port (Sydney) have been recognised in England in a practical manner. The committee of management have receiAed a letter from Commodore Wilson, enclosing the following despatch from the Admiralty/dated 13th Angust, 1S79:— "Admiralty, 13th August/ 1879, Sir, — Aly Lords Commissioners of the -Admiralty have had their attention directed by your predecessor to the claims of the ' Good: enough Royal Naval House,1 at Sydney, for some pecuniary aid from Naval funds, and I am to acquaint yon that in view of the excellent results which ha\e -attended-the. establishment- of this ..institution, in ; checking. desertion, on a station., where- there are great temptations to young men to desert, they have decided to make an annual grant of £50 a year, as an exceptional ease. I am, eto., Robert Hall: Commodore Wilson, Australia," A Bushranger's Letter. — The folloAviog letter, by one ofjthe "Wantabadgery bushrangers, which should be read, marked, and thoroughly digested by all young jmen, " has been handed to the Baltaral Courier for publication " Darlinghurst Gaol, 23rd -December," 1879. ' Dear Air, Long, — In the unfor tunate position .Itam placed you cannot expect hut a very . few'lines- from me; I want to assure you that T ahv very thankful to you for your tote kind ness in coming all tho way from Victoria to testify as to my character, and to tell you how bitterly I deplore my past cooduct. All, Air. Long,, if I had only obeyed my mother, and not left my home, hoiv different my lot would- have been, and hoiv much misery I might, have saved my relations. I little knew to what my disobedience would lead me. But I thank God lean Bay, with a clear conscience that I didnot shootpoor Constable Bowen. "Will you please remember me, kindly, to all my tote felloiv Avork- men ! Once more thanking you for your goodness, I remain. your sincerely grateful but unfortunate friend, Francis C. Johns, alias T. Williams. mri James Long, confectioner, Victoria-street, Ballarat case, Yictona, - I . A general meeting of members of the Richmond -Branch of the Church Society is to be held on Satur- day, January-15, at 3 p.m., at the Vestry, St. Luke's Church. , On Wednesday evening a meeting of the congrega: te''1 in Holy Trinity parish is to be held in the vestry of the church, to appoint churchwardens and Synod icuicceiibauves, ; , . The steamer Monarch is to make a trip to New hack on Wednesday, leaving at 9 a.m. ; This evening, at 730, the Rifles will parade at the Barracks, and the Artillery at the Drill-yard, Lower Macquarie-street. pekfkcriuy.- -Mrs. S. A Allen's World's Rf-storeh (the Genuine onlyn Fink Paper Wrappers) never f dU to restore Grey ITa-'r to its youthful colour, Irajnrting to it new life, growth, and lustrous beauty, . Its, action is certain and thorough, auicklv banishing jCreviH!i». It Ik not a dye. It eyer proves itsolf the _TviwthenVr of tue IXair. Its superiority and -txce!ltiice are established throughout the worli Whohsaaly of Frlton, Griuwade, & Co., Melbourne vad rutitil of all Chaimsti ParftUMHS tlmmehnS 'Valoablb Discovert fob the Hair.— If your halt la turning grey or white, or falling off, use " The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it will positively restore in every ease Orey or White hair to its original colour, i without leaving the disagreeable smell of most "lie- torera." j-Jt makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as -promoting the growth of hair on bald spots, when the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist far 11 The Mkxioaji Tath ksviwib, prepared by Hbh 0. Giuov-ttS, Oxfetd rtieeL London, wsj "hl" 