CHAPTER XIV. (Oonimued-J . "I left - the room, ;not without having noticed that he had securely locked the desk in-.which the letter had been placed, tfhen it was that .I first thought of playing the part of the monk. I felt certain the letter contained Bomething of importance to yon, sir, and I determined to try and gain it. In olden dayB I had often taken a share in amateur theatrical performances got up by .the officers and men belonging to' the different regiments where I was stationed,: and some of the dresses I had worn were: still in the bulloc^-trunks..I had brought; from India, when I returned home as i General Willoughby's private servant. The night was a clear, moonlight one, and Ii determined to make my first attempt at! onoe. I knew every nook and corner of the; oloiBters, and I resolved, should Mr. Eustaoe' pursue me, to disappear in a niobe which I; remembered opened into a email passage, doubtless one of the; many hiding-places' known in poor Randolph de Clairvaulx's time. Hastily rolling ap a monk's dress, which, strangely enough, was amongst my theatrical disguises, I left. the Grange, and cautiously, followed Mr. Eustace for some distance, to make certain if he were going towards the oloisters. When I saw that he turned in their direction I struck off through the trees, by a path whioh took me to the' other end of the rains long before M. Eustace: reaohed the spot-where you are now stand-i iog. I concealed myself in the shadow of one of the arohes-though there was little tor dread from passers-by, the country people; avoiding the oloisters aB soon as the BUU had' set-and put on the long, blaok robe, draw the oowl so far forward that, my face WBB completely hidden within ita folds. I had often heard the .monk's attitude described, and had, therefore, no difficult? in personat ing him. I felt sure that Mr.JEustace mast by this time have arrived at the front r entrance to the cloisters, and, drawing a pair of thick, woollen socks on my feet, to deaden the sound of my steps, I commenced my adventure. Ere long, I caught sight of Mr. Eustace standing, by. the very tree against which Major Vernon ia leaning. Being full1 moon that evening, of course every objeot stood out distinctly in the bright light. Bel seemed lost in thought, and as I was only occasionally visible when I passed through the heams falling from the cloister-windowB on the pavement below, I believed I had every prospect of arriving close to the niche I have already mentioned. I had come up the ' passage as far as that window where the branches of wild rose are waving," the soldier continued, turning round and pointing down to a particular casement, " when I knew, by the Btart Mr. EuBtace gave, that he had seen me. For a moment he seemed doubtful, bending forward as it to make out my figure more plainly, but as I moved silently for-i ward, and came into the full light, he threw his arm around the tree and became of suoh a deathly paleness, that I almost expected to 'see him drop lifeless at my feet." " It is marvellous he did not, Wilson," hiu zd&8ter exclaimed, " with his heart in the condition it was." " Poor Mr. Eustace," the soldier answered, hiB weather-beaten face looking sorrowful enongh; " I knew nothing of those terrible attacks, or, believe me, sir, I would never have played such a trick upon him. I only thought of how to gain- that letter for you." "I am quite eon of that,Wilson," Captain Willongtaby said, kindly, and the. soldier resumed Lis story. " I saw heavy clouds gathering, and knew that, before long, the moon would be hidden for a while, BO I continued to approaoh Mr. Eustace, until I oould almost have touohed him. Anything like the horror his face expressed I have never seen; I am sure no other thought was in hia mind than that the spirit of tbe murdered monk stood before him. Just then a blaok oloud obscured the moon, and I, taking advantage of it, retreated to the niohe, and pressing a spring, entered tbe little passage, and, paeBing through it, made my way as quickly as I could baok to the Grange, very well satisfied with my first attempt at personating Bandolph de Glair vaulx." " It is strange I never heard of that open ing, Wilson," his master said, after a short pause; " will you show it to us ? Did yon know of it, Cuthbert?" "Not I," answered Major Vernon; "if I had, it might have given me a. clue as to where the monk had disappeared the night poor Isabel and I met it, for I suppose yon entered it then ?" he added, turning to the soldier. Wilson laughed. " Yes, majors it would not have done'to have tried any other plan with yon. Yon are too swift a runner for me to have attempted to esoape by flight. Will yon come this way, captain, and I will show you the passage ?" They all followed him and entered the niohe, which was flooded with the bright moonlight. The soldier touohed a large stone in the centre of the wall, and, to their astonishment, the whole mass receded, show ing a narrow, dark entrance. " Will you oome in, Violet," her hnaband asked, "and walk through it? We shall understand WilBon's Btory more clearly after doing bo." "Better not, sir,?' the man Baid, hastily. " The air i8 very close from being bo shut in, and it might make Mre. Willoughby feel faint. Perhaps the major will oome with me, and I will show him tbe outlet. It is near the mined wail, but so hidden by bashes and undergrowth that no one, ignorant of tbe fact, would imagine there waB any opening. I will close tbe atone as we enter/' "Perhaps it will be the best plBn," Herbert said. " Yon look tired, Violet, so we will go back, and Cuthbert will follow when he has finished his exploring. Wilson," he added, turning to the soldier, '' yon will find ns in the library. I want to ask a few ques tions about tbe night you appeared there to Mr. Bt. John and myself." " Very well, sir," was the man's reply, as he touched the stone and was hidden from view. " One can scarcely imagine an opening W.bb there just now, Herbert," Violet ex olaimed. "Do yon know," she continued, lifting her sweet face to his, " I am so glad to have heard Wilson's story? Of course, I knew it must be a trick, but it made me nervous to think that, whoever it might be that played it, we were subjeot at any time to be,alarmed by it." Captain Willoughby drew her closer to him. " I am very glad too, Violet; but, my darling, I never intended to settle down here unless the mystery of the monk were solved. Hnoh as I love tho dear old Grango and all belonging to it, I would never have risked your health and happiness By staying in it whilst yoxi were liable to meet that figure." .The evening bad fairly dosed in when Major Vernon and "Wilson entered the library. " You must come down to-morrow, Wil loughby," the former said, Os be sat down by the'fire, that was still pleasant'of a night. "It is a moat carious hiding-place, and I have no doubt that we might find, several others, with & little searching for them." ?' Very likely/' Herbert ans^erei " And: now, Wilson,, for what pnzzlea me even more than tba oloister mystery-how did yon manage to appear in this room in the way yoadid?'' A look of amusement oroseed the soldierfs face. ." Would Mrs. Willoughby like to see the: monk for once, sir ?" he asked. "He shall enter .by tbe very way that so puzzles yon if she would like him to do eo." . Violet laughed. 4t I should like it v§ry much,^Wilson; I shall not feel frightened now." The man left jthe room, and, ere many minutes had passed, the panel of the wall beside the oaken cabinet retreated, and the monk, one arm uplifted, and his face hidden in the folds of hia cowl, advanced towards them. A hushed silence fell on the three who stood looking q,t the figure. Violet's hand clasped closer that of her huBband, while a shudder ran through her frame. Even though Bhe knew it was but Wilson in disguise, a feeling of terror came over her at the sudden appearance, the .noiseless approach, the unearthly look of the monk. Cuthbert and Herbert were silent from sheer astonishment, and it was only the neryous pressure of Violet's hand that at lasfrroused the latter. "Throw back that cowl, Wilson," he exclaimed; " I can scarcely believe tho truth even now. Let us see your face, and then tell us how you can manage to enter the room in this way." The Boldier obeyed. Pushing the dark hood on to hia shoulders, the contrast between the weather-beaten face, with the eyes and mouth expressive of the greatest amusement, and tbe sombre, gloomy dress, was so ludicrous a one, that Major Vernon and Herbert involuntarily broke into a fit of laughter, and Violet smiled as she thought of her momentary terror. " No wonder that you and poor St. John marvelled at the apparition," Cuthbert eaid j " but Wilson, how did you learn the secret spring ?" "It was about six months before the ' general's death, sir, that I first knew of it; he bad just purchased that picture which hangs over the fireplace, and had called me in to undo the case in which it had been .packed. . After fixing on several places, the general at last determined on hanging it on the panel which moved back on my entrance just now; but, to our surprise, on my driving in a nail, we found,'from the hollow sound, that some vacant place was behind it. The general at once devined the truth, that we had come upon some hiding-place built in thej time of tbe monks." "'I have heard.my father say, Wilson, that both the Grange and the clois ters were full of such places, but I do not remember: having found any except this one, and that in the cloister niche,' he said to- me, as we stood pass ing our hands over the panel, trying to find the spring. We did so atlaafc; here it is, captain," the soldier continued, turning round and laying, his hand on a bunch of grapes, beautifully carved, about half--way upSit. He again touched the spring, and the whole party entering the aperture, found themselves in a room of some four feet square, and lighted from the top in a man ner thatspoke well for the architect's in j genuity. " But how can you get in here, Wilson," his master asked; *' where does it lead ?" For a reply, the man crossed the room, and, kneeling down, pressed a stone in the wall, which, receding, left to view a narrow, winding Btaircase. Groping their way down, they arrived in another room of the sam'e size as the one they had just quitted, and dimly lighted by"Bome faint gleam of moonlight, which entered by some cretices,. will1 11 mwwwowwi evidently made to admit air and light! Again "Wilson touched some spring, and they fonnd themselves standing beneath the broad, wide Btepa that led up to the hall door of the Grange, "A clever hiding place, iB it not, sir P' the soldier said, smil ing at their surprise. "No one would fancy there was one under their feet a they go up and down those steps.' " No, indeed," Captain Willoughby an swered. " I do not think tho architects of the present day could plan one to equal this; but, "Wilson, you left the opening into the library unfastened, it would be as well for you to run up and close it, I do not wish anyone but ourselves to know of it" "That is true, sir," the man replied; " I will go up at once," and he turnbd t<? re-enter. . . "Waita moment," said Major Vernon, " I should like to go up again." The two disappeared, leaving Herbert and his wife still on the terrace. " "Wilson," Cuthbert said, when they had regained the library, " there is one more question I want to ask you-did you know of that letter announor ing poor Everard's death when you met Mrs. St. John and myself in the cloisters ?" A disappointed look crossed the soldier's face. . ' "Do you think so badly of me, Major Vernon P" he aBked; do you really think I could have played suoh a trick upon you, had I known what terrible news bad arrived? I had hoped you thought better of me, major," he concluded, his ragged face working with emotion. . Cuthbert turned to him, his whole kindly Mature showing in the eyes that were dimmed by the recollection of his gallant brother's untimely fate, and by the un feigned affection of the man standing before him. "Pardon me, Wilson," he said; "my question was indeed a needless one; none who know you as we all do could doubt your affeotion for us. I did not ask it with that thought in my mind. I was only wondering if my Bister's laughing remark about the " monk telling us some news ' might have put the idea into your head. You remember her saying it, I daresay; you had just entexed with some letters for Mr. St. John. That one announcing Everard's murder must have been amongst them." 1 " Yes, major, though I, of course, knew nothing of it then. Mrs. St. John's remark certainly made mo think of again dis guising myself; .1 never dreamt of it frightening her as it did, or I would not have.done it. You do not think it in any way hastened her illnesB, Bir P" ha added, looking anxiously at Major Yernon. "No, Wilson," was the kind reply; ".do not let that trouble you. Her illness is oiSe that runs in my mother's family, and had poor Isabel's life been an utterly untroubled one, I do not think Bhe would have lived long. She was never strong." .l am glad from my heart to hear yo.u say bo,..major; I should never have for given myself had it been otherwise. After X disappeared in the niche, I hurried back to the house, fearing my absence might be discovered; and it was well I did BO, for .J had not been five minutes in the hall when tho library bell rang, and Mr. Bt. John, looking terribly shooked, told n*e to search. for yon, as there was bad news whioh must be kopt from Mrs. St. Joho« .Would yon like to koow how I obtained the papers at last, sir?" Cuthbert nodded. " When I fonnd that he was resolved not to give them up to the captain, I determined to watoh him, for my mind misgave me, from Some words he had dropped when giving me the message for my master, that he intended destroying them that night. Hardy's reBtlesB ness from face-ache made him bo wakefulj'I fea'red I should be too late, as I had heard Mr. St. John softly re-enter the library. At last Hardy dropped asleep, and I, dressing myself in the monk's robe, crept down the servants'atairoase, and through the hall,to tho front door, which I had purposely unjooked the1 last time I had passed through the bfjill.' I went round to the library window, whioh Mr. Eustace had left open. Tho onrtains were drawn back, I suppose, to admit the moonlight, for the gas was not lit. Mr; pt. John was Btanding before the cabinet, whose doors ho had just opened. He eetimed endeavouring to find some spring, for I Baw him pass his band several times over odb paitioularpart.of the oarving. Suddenly,-a drawer sprang open, displaying a carefully tied ap pared, Mr. Eustace took it, and, with his eyes still fixed upon it, turned round. -I had, in the meantimo, entered by the window, and moved close to him, so that, on Mb turning, he found himself face to faeo with rae. Hia look of terror was something awful to witness, Tho packet fell from hia hands, and,;as I approached still nearer, with a low.ory of horror, be stepped baok, and, striking his head against the door of the cabinet, dropped setiseless almost at pay feet. I bentrover him, fearing he was dead, but I soon found it was merely a faint, and, dreading that he might recover oonsoiouanesB befdro I had left, I h&Btily; caught up the parcel, and, touohing the spring in the wall, made my way to my room, where, fortunately, I found Hardy still Bleeping. " I left the Grange early the next morning, and on arriving in London, gavel the letters to Mrs. Grey, and then started on my' leave, so aa not to allow of anyone questioning me as to how I had obtained them. I only returned the very morning Captain Willoughby was starting to attend the funeral of your poor little nephew, and in the hurry of succeeding events, my master, I suppose, forgot to make any inquiries. Sometimes I fancy Mr. Eustace may have given him some clue aB to Who took the papers, but I may be miataKda. And how, Major Yernon, I think I have' explained the whole of the mystery about the monk and his visits." "You have indeed, Wilson, and I much obliged to you for doing EO. I confess your acting almost made ipe believe in ghosts 1" " ., The soldier smiled. " That is the greatest compliment I ever had in my 'life. Shall I get your light, sir ?" he added, aa the young officer glanced at the clocks' «' Thanks, Wilson," Was the r6ply; "'and1 good-night." " Good-night, major," tHe soldier answered, heartily, as he turned away to his nightly examination of the house. Captain Willoughby and Violet Had remained, for some time after their companion's departure, gazing in silence on the beautiful landscape tbat lay bathed in moonlight around them. "Violet," her husband at last said, " I am BO glad that those seeming mysteries have been ex plained." "Yes," Bhe answered, looking up at bim with her lovely face so full of innocent happiness that Herbert wondered if earth could show another so pure and childlike in its exquisite beauty; " the dear old home will lose the name that has clung to it for so long." Herbert Willoughby drew his wife closer to him, and his voice involuntarily ,took a more reverent tone, as he said, earnestly: " Thank God for it, my darling; the evil spirits of envy and hatred have darkened it too long by their nnhappy presence. Let us pray, Violet, tbat God's Holy Spirit eball alone rule and reign henceforth in the hearts of those who Bhall inhabit the former " Haunted Grange." . , . (the'ehd.J * ' ". 