NOTES AND EVENTS. The Government; will apparently do any tihing to retain office. Tile mlanner in which they have been trimmoing on the Stock Tax is sufficient evidence of the truth of what we'have stated above. Shortly after the accession of tlie Government to powrr Sir John O'Shaoassy and some other of tihe Ministerial followers accomnpaied a depurta tion which waited on Mr. Cuthbert, the Conmmissioner of Customs, to request that the tax on stock crossing tire border into Victoria mighlt be abolishedi. 'The deputa tion were told that tile tax could not be removed, as it was a source of great re venue, and further that it protected to some extent tile graziers of this colony. • At this reply Sir John O'Shanrassy and many other graziers, who are intereested in pastoral pur suits in Victoria aud New South W\\\ales were dissatistied, and Sir John has sincre shown his hostility to the Governmeut. In order to appease Sir John's wrath, tile Premier, onil Wednesday, in replying to a deputation from the fellmongers oe tile banks of the Yarra, stated that Ire was aware of the fact that the Stock Tax was instrumental in caus ing stock owners to avail themselves of the Sydney instead of the Meltbourne market. The tax had been in his opinion productive of great injury, and if he could see his way clear he would have it abolished. When Mr. Service was in Opposition ihe was op posed to the hill ; when Ie first became a Minister he changed his opinion and sup ported it, and new to continue in favor with some of his supporters lie has again changed his opinions in refrence to the bill, and wil Io anytlhjng to please if he is allowed to hold office. Deputations have on several occasions waited on the Government urging on them the necessity of abolishing the Stock Tax. The principal, and in fact only argument ad vanced against tire tax, is that it tends to lessen the supply of live stock in our mar kets. Now this is shown to be absolutely false, when we glance at the weekly mar ket reports. Dluring the last month we notice that no less than ,ti6il head'of cattle were passed through the Melbourne copora tion yards. This number is far larger than has ever been sold through the yards before for the same period. Of this supply a large supply has come from New South Wales and Queensland, thus showing that the Vic torian markets are the only outlets for the surplus stock of the north, and that despite the tax the animals must come to Victoria. It is the intention of the proprietor of this journal to bring under the notice of the Minister of Justice tie extraordinary con duct of Mr. Lloyd, clerk of petty sessions at Colac, in connection with tihe recent libel case, Mr. Lloyd being a Government official, had no right to mix himself in other people's quarrels, and act the part of a private detective, as he most undoubtedly did. Had be not acted in this manner he would not have been. able to have given the evidence he did at the hearing of the above mentioned case. He related a conversation which he stated he had with the publisher of this paper about "something lie was going to publish that would astonish theColac people," andalso stated that ihe could give the fullest particulars as to the whereabouts and movements of both tile proprietor and publisher of The Herald. It see r ordinary indeed that a clerk of pt lions shoild have been told off, or ir a of his own free will, to act such ?r6ntu part. We are sure it would b? , ?rih if Mr. Lloydl would attend ml rvr and during illice 1hours at the I ail transmit the i usi i 9r bj ihe iolid, than interferiing inr ?hstternoon buria r Conse 1 btball scratch match ?i? e rbers of tihe or to-morrow of e . ; . Miring the last five days Mr. Fallon, the rate collector, has been most busily engaged receiving rates. 'Every facility was af forded the lsblic for. paying their rates, as Mr. Fallh, attenled the office from eilght o'clock in the mornini nuntil nearly twelve o'clock at night. R.atepayers have been pretty prompt in paying, and we believe that a very small sum is at present out. outstanding, and that this sum will be materially reduced or swept away altogether before the end of the financial year. l r. Curwen, the treasurer to the 'ouncil, we noticeatthe ollice very kindlyassistingthe col lector when his aid was required. Whilst on the subjeet of rates and taxes we msigiht remind owners of dogs that the an mnultl tax is now overdue, andl that they are liable to be proceeded against by the in spector at any time. Up to the present, we believe from the reports, more dogs have bee]n registered this year than during the three preceding years. A most painful and serious naccident hap peIned to Mr. Patrick Flanigan, contractor, on W\ednesday norlu?g. lie swas driving, a horse dray along one of the roads om the CommonllO leading to the Springs, when the horse ran against a tree upsetting the cart. iMr. Flanigan fell under the cart and was severely crushed on the back. No bones are broken, but it is feared that the spine is injured. A rather imnportant case will occupy the attention of the Police Court this nmorinig. Mr. Johh l[aimes will proceed against dir. Bow"ver, of IPonborneit, on a chailrge of perjury, alleged ta have been commnitted by defendan t in connection with the mnortgaging of certain lands. Mr. James ' oni, of Apollo Bay. informs ns that snakes are very iumcerous ill that locality, and although the season is wet and cold they are lively and inclined to show light. A few days ago Mr. Conn killed two large snakes oil his way from the township to his selection. ]Excursionists to Apollo Bay had better be careful lwhen travelling through the forest. Mir. \\\ilmot, cordial manufacturer, who has for the past two or three seasons been manufacturing mushroom ketchupl , des patched a few days ago by train nine casks containing about 300 gallons to Melbourne. The ketchup, which is most piilataLle andl very mucll superior to the imported article, meets ua ith a prompt sale ini Melbourne. Messrs.. V. .Goldslroughl and Co. are in receipt of the following telegram from Lou don, dated Sth inst.:-" Tbhe wool sales have closed dull. Merino descriptions show a decline of 12. per cent. upon opening rates. Inferior crosslbred 25 pea cent., andll supeior crossbred lii per cent. below openins rates. Total quantity sold in the sales, 355,000 bales ; 25,000 bales brought in." A total eclipse of the moon, visibl! throslgout Australia, will take place on the evening of the 22nd inst. The first contact will be noticeable about nine o'clock, and before midnight the event will be over. Mir. F. Archer has sustained a great loss by an accident which happened a day or two ago to his hurdle race mare Amanda. Mr. Archer was training the mare on the Colae racecourse when she happened to put her leg into a hole, which caused it to break. The Colac polo players will visit Warr nambool on the 24th instant, for the purpose of playing a match against the Warrnamubool players. " Our Colony as it is in 1iSO," a hand book of Victoria, prepared by the Rev. .James Ballantyne, another of "H'omes and Hiomesteads in the Land of Plenty," will be published (says the Age) by Mr. L. lHutchinson in anticipation of the Exhibition, to be opened in October next. The scope of work is wide in its character, and will include a historical and statistical descrip tion of the country, showing its progress and development, and dealing also with the social characteristics of the population. The book will be illustrated with maps astil engravings. Mr. T. H. Sharp, of the firm of .Messrs. Sharp and Co., surgeon ldentists, of Mel bourne, is now in Colac, and may be con sulted at M'Kenn's Temperance tHotel. Mr. Sharp's firm is an old established one and of good standing, and as Mr. Sharp is wishing to establish a connection with the district there is little doubt but what he will give satisfaction to any person who may favor hiin with their patronage. " Mir. James B. Rea has advertised his opening sale in Colae. On Friday next the 18th instant lie will sell by public auction the whole of Mrs. Ryan's extensive house, hold furniture which has lately been in use at the Royal Hotel. In addition to the usual list of furniture, a bagatelle table, cab, and a large quantity of sundries will also be offered. To-morrow, at his rooms, Mr. J. Nelson will offer to the public for sale a number of ornamental trees, consisting of oaks, pines, cypresses, anld filbert nut, and those who would wish to decorate the gardens or car riage drives will do well to attend the sale, as the trees will be said without reserve. 'Tihe balance of Clark and Co.'s drapery will also be submitted. At the Geelong Land Board oil Wedues cay before Mr. Morres, land officer, the fol lowing aplplications for land were dealt with. Lorne-M-ichael O':IMeara's application for 318 acres, east of Todd's selection, was re conmmenided. Wensleydale-John West applied for 83a. 2r. 15l,., south of his former selection : but as he had a mistake in his sapplication, it was abandoned. Kramubruk -The application of Robert Ashe for 101a. Or. G6p. was postponed. The following ap. plicacious were recommended :-Charles Bennett, 163a. 2r. 15p., two mniles north of \M. T. Biddle's ; H. M. IBiddle, 152a. Or. 37p., south-west of M. T. Biddle's selection; M. T. Biddle, 160a. Or. 12p., north-east of H. M. Fiddle's; James Mitclhell, 120. 2tr. 3:7-10., north of \William M1'Kelvey's; RIobert Mitchelll, 117a. 92r. 23p., nortll of I. Ashle's. Ondit-George iartcer application for 3 acrces was recomlnlended. In the Legislative Assemblly on Tuesday evening tle floggiing qnuestion was broughlt for ward, when Mir. Kerferd, the Attorney General, in speaking to the question gave a somewhat curious instance of an error of judgmenst of whichl a cert'ain police mnagis trate had recently elen gu'ilty. A yosung boy, only 7 years of age, was chargedl before the police court with stealinug fruit from an orchard. The ipolice Lmagistrate sentenced the child to six imonths' imsprisonment. Next day the magistiate, feeling that hie hads smake a nuistake, went to the gial and ordered the diseclhage of tlhe youthfuil Sri soner. The statemeCllt that such a severe sentence had ibeen passed upon a child caused expressions of geuneral surprise, .and subsequently dir. Bowsman asked the Minister of Justice what was the name of the' police magistrate referredl to, and whether hlie was allosed to conitinue in the admninistration of justice. Dr. IMadden re plied that the police mnagistrate in qucestion was Mir. Heron, stationed at Geelong, sand hlie had not been renmoved from the public service. There is how our model member main tains the dignity of l'arlhamnent, and (says the Koroit IHfrald) endeavors to keep it above the level of the gutter snipes of the metropolis. The Argus says iMr. Joseph Jon'es appears to Ihave charged him. self with the office of teaching Mir. Long more Parliamsentary manners. The weakneh s of Longmore is to keep up a running fire of interjections, and when he commences tlhe sonorous voice of Jonesis hleardin the iwarn. ing. "iows tlhen, Smiler." Longnmore has been mieditating revensge, and wtlhen the familiar phrase was heard on Thursday lihe was rezily with his reply "Now thoes, Coffseipdt." One wouldt have tlhouhlt hIis 'periscie in the Fergusson affair would I le curbed iMr. Jones' fondness for larriki , sring lr. liarpher's re.inarks on Monday " aI n iayimt n of llelllb ersn, ile lnot.lt thie l''egsl/) from Joh... Stuart Mill. hlded rether often ta Mill, whn one ltatiohaumber asked, "'Which of the Mills ?" "untlsoln, swho rasa snugly cIsleid up in ai Spromiptly replied, 'A wiidmill of ' Tho aunswer evoked with laughter. ]i;, A few weeks ago the Government on the plea of economy, dispensed with the services of BMr. Ford, the engineer of construction. Mr. Ford had occupied a prominent position in the department for twentty years, first in the field as superintending ecgineer, then as chief draftsmlan, and Ilatterly as engineer of construnction, a position next to the Engi neer-in-chief. It aippears, howevier, that the plea of economy, which wirs the ostensible ground for getting rid of all oldl and I distiln. guished officer, who was colnneted with the deliartmelt beifore ir. I ligiilnthamn became head of the staff, was iot the actall reason for the extraordinary step taken by the Go vernmlent. It is now well-knownl that the Cabinet was either inducedl, or compelled, to make this dismnissal by Mr. Thomas Higint-i botlham a short time after the reinstatement into his otl position. The Cabinet, it is authoritatively stated, was given to undler stand that unless Mr. Ford retireld lie would resign, atnd the result was the saterifice of Mr. Ford. The speciousness of the cry of ietrenchmenit is shown (remarks the Agqe) by all allnouucemenct wrhich was gazetted on Monday, to the effect that Mr'. \W. .1. Greene had been alpoilnted res;dent engineer in the IRailway department, Melbourne. Mr. hGreene was ooe of the offlicers swho were dismissed onl Sth of January last, whien lie was resitldent engineer at Kyneton. According to the latest report trom the Mellbourne Observatory, it hias been decided by astronomers that the comet seen last Fcebruary was identilied with the comlet which appeared in 1843. It is suspected thllt this culllet almost grazes the slun's sur face in perihelion, andl revolves in less that thirty-seven years. The same report says that a group of spots has just disappeared from the surface of the sun, the disap-I pearance occuring on the 5thinlust. Notices have been given of two proposed aidditions to the Payment of Members Bil brought in by Mr. Williams. Mr. Graves intends to move that the following words be aulded as a proviso to clause 1 :-" Provided further that ino member shall be entitled to receive any such reimbursement for any month unless lie shall claim the s:iame within thirty days after the expiration of such month ; and if lie fail to claim the same the amnlonit thereof shall lapse and shall inot be issued or applied atauy.further tilme." Mr. Wrixon will miove that the following new clause! e Imiade a part of the bill :--" Every candidate for election to 'Parliament shall state in writing in his nomination tpapler, pre viously to lodging the same, pursuant to section 83 of The Electoral A\et 1865, whether in ease of election lie will or will not take tile elnpcnsatioll provided by this act : And any such candidate who so states that lie will not take such compensation is hereby prohibited from being paid or from receiving the same." At a meeting of the Footscray branch of the Reform and Protection League, held at the local mechanics' institute on Monday night, the advisability of holding a public meeting to bring the Service reform scheme prominently before the constituency was considered. After sotne discussion (says the Age) it was decided that as the opinions of the great majority of the electors were so well known to be Liberal, a public demnon stration was unnecessary. A tmotion was also assented to condemning the bill as re trogressive, unjust, and calculated to destroy manhood suffrage and the authority of the Assembly. The president stated that he had a duty to perform that would convince other constituencies as to the views of the Liberals of Footscray. lie referred to the presentation of anll address of a purse of sovereigns to Mr. \V. MI. Clark, the metmber for the district, which he thought would say more than rwords as to their views on this reformn scheme aild the party brinitng it forward. lie then read the address, which poilnted to tie majority M1r. Clark gained at the recent election as the best proof that his opinions onil the future land policy of the colony, the maintenance of the Education Act in its intregrity, protection on the indus tries, and a just and liberal measure of re form, were entirely in accord with those who returned himi ; also, that a faithful adheoetice to those views would ever secure him the support and goodwill of his constituents. After the recipient had acknowledged the I'resent, which, lie said, by a strange coinci dentcd, was made on the very evening that members of Parliament were discussing pay meint of lmembers, and could be taken as a sure indication of what the Liberals of Foots cray thought of the matter, the meeting adjourned. The tepeated throats (remarks the Age) of an early dissolution in case of the loss of the JRefortm Bill were referred to on IMonday night by Mr. Dow in termis which must have convinced the Glovernment that they need not explect to gialun nuech by such attemlpts to intimidate aud coerce ineltibers of the House. At the present moment, Mr. Dow said, the Governmlienlt were tottering lintl ready to fall, and they only existed onl sufferance. Yet soime of their nmembers weut about the country popularity- hunting, promising votes for roads and bridges hlere and there, and tlhreatening all kinds of pains and penalties unles hlion. members supported tie Reform Bill. Mr. Dow ventured to say that lion. enleliers of the Opposition side of the Houte had Ito reasonl to le afraid of a dissolutioni ; it was the Ministry and their supporters who lhatld reasonl to fear an appeal to the counlltry. The remlarks of the hoo. member for Klara iKara were received with enthusiastic elvers fi'oni the Oplposition. At a recent tireetiug of the Avon Plains Farmer's Club IMr. H. Keinmis introduced the subject of duly oni feedlitg grains, land thought the sublject should lnot lie Illlowed to drop. SMr. Holland supported what Mr. Kemnmis had advanced, quoting liigure. showing the amonlllt of grain imllorted, andl also the number of stock cotinlig over the border, and mloved that a petitioni be pre paredI for plresentation to Parliamlent pray ing for tll increasedot tax oni all cattle anl sheep coming itto Victria. The motion was put ild carried, aid the secretary itt structed to coltiitmunticate with nleigliborillt clubs andt unions asking their co-operatitito. Mr. Edison, tle well-known electrician of America, has lately iulmade a dliscovery wllicelh, if it fullils the ipronises lwhich hi;e ioeit made cottcerning it, will lie of the greatet. itlpOrtatuco to til gold produciLuitg centtries. Mr. Edlison stateCa that ht has dliscvrertled a mealls of extractillg t Illuch glreater illllOnllt of goldl frttn the iejected resitldiut tit a ri ferous qluartz, callsI I, minluers thle ttilihs, thati that at tre.att "ohtained by i ueishlinj the origi:nal rotiks ill the ceutahitig iltills, Withl truie Aimerican insttinct t ir. 'Edisoi hbas kept tile secret to hiinself, oltly exllahitinti that the transmutnation is llerforllm ll i; meats of chetiicials acted oil iy electricity. Out of a lquititty of tailings which weree hithierto supposed to contail nio applrecialtlo quantity of the precious nectal, Mr. Eldison hits succeeded in sOtiie cases ill extracting golt at the rate of £300 worth for each ton? atd this at an exlpeuse barcly exceetding "1 per ton. In seekiug fir: th?e plattium l e. qnired for the electric light hlie seetis to have made some exllerimentts with the nlicters tailings, and Iy accildent lie lilghted nll this metlodl of extracting gold frotl tlhem. It is stated that Sfr, Edisoin hlas made ia cottratet for the purchaseic of large quantities of the residium rock from thie California miunes, and Ihe intenlds ill the future ldevoting him-t self enttirely to tile profitable task of extract. ing the gold tlherefrom. The country paipers refer in very colilpli. mentary terms to tle IIItlisheill list Of IEx tibition iawards, bound lup \rith thie "Illus trated Guitdo to fceloao,t just issuited hy the executive cosnrt itce of the Geeloneg g.g hibititt, WVitt this qualification frott the Portland Guardian:-- "The piotutres are very well execntive victws in the town anlut in Cutio IBay, aid ia l ortrait of a nelanuholy. luuking geontleusat in tflicial coSltullue, sAtid to be tlue Mayor of Ccelong." Mr. C(imesrol movsed a reatlution in tlhe Syldney Assembly, ,ti ! Tuesdlay, tlhat the (;o. vernlment aohittttld brittg in a bill to stopt Chiuese imnmigrltation, iltt withIirew it ,m a statclneiot beig tl iarde hy the i'telnir tltat he wasu iii ootnntuniicuatitn with thu Giovern illelits otf tile othier eolomies with the view of taking joint actiou to restrict Chiese im. migration. The Melbeurne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser i-rites.:-"The prescht Ministry are solely indebted to one thing for being allowed to retain office, namely, the disagreement on the Opposition benches as to wlio is succeed them. As a matter of fact the two corners are now busy in an intrigue, the object being to ascertaiti whether it is not possihle for a Mini-try to be formed out of them, with the inclusion of Mr. Berry from the direct Oppositiin, and, if possible. Mr. Francis frolil the Minis terial ranks. This dirile et iopers party. is hard at .work, and one of its most san. guine members told lie the project would sOOt lie conmplete, the two Corners would coslesco and recruits would be got froim the Opllposition and Ministerial ranks, thus en. suring a strong Ministry, when steps will at once ie taken to throw out Mr. Service. The basis of reform of this new Ministry will be the ratepayers' roll sann all other devices. The fate of the Ministry depends upot an agreement by the other side as to who is to succeed them. Until that is arrived at the Ministry will remain in office. At present the new porty desires to shunt the present and past Ministries, with the excepltion of two or three. There is some talk of Mr. Service resigning, and Mr. Fran cis and a new team taking power, but this is ridiculous. Since writing the above I have seen a list of a new Ministry, made iip by a leading Corner man, and gave it without remark :--Treasurer, Mr. Berry ; Chief See retary, Mr. Vale; ,Lands, Mr. Dow; Attor. ney-General, Mr. \Yrixon ; Minister of Jus tice, Mr. iGaunson ; Minister of Jailways, Mr. Nimlno; Customs, Mr. Tucker; Post. master-Geneeral, Mr. Mirams; Education, Professor Pearson." Mr. A. T. C:ark.(says the Argus) was more angry than ever on Monday evening, when lie contemplated the possibility of the Ser vice Ileformt Bill becoming law. Mr. Clark warned the Government that if they succeed there will be "broken heads and Ilaming hIloses" in earnest. The Tntinut police in New South Wales, last Tuesday, arrested a man on suspicion of being Joseph Byrnes, the bushranger. IThey have watched hint a long time. Collins, a 'rnout blackosmith, knew Byrnes when lie waits a groomi ill Victoria, and brought horses frequently for shoeing. Collins pointed him out amid a group in the Royal Hotel bil liard-room, and says if it is not Byrnes it must be his ghost. The prisoner was re manded fur further identification. A later telegramn in the Aryts states that thelti man turned out to lie a Joseph M'Iver, a native of M'lvor, Victoria, but hears a remarkable resemblance to Byrne. He was discharged. The A rarat Adrerliter writes :-" From a conversation on Monday with one of the new members of the House we are enabled to advance a tip that may possibly come nearer the mark than any other of those given in reference to the Reform Bill. This gentleman informs us that two amendments only are required to ensure the passing of Mr. Service's Reform Bill by a large majority, and to both of these several of the members of the Cabinet were favor able. The first is to alter the basis of the, qualificatiou of the voters for the Council to the ratepayers' roll, and thus include tile 5 per cent. of ratepayers excluded by the pre sent proposal ; and the second, and a minor anmendment, is to provide for the dissolution of the Upper House at the next general elec tion, and the re-election of the entire body for the altered provinces." A telegram from Wellington, New Zea land, dated 9th June states that the Trea-. surer delivered his financial statement last night. The budget shows a balance remain ing to the public works funds of £3,262,410, of which £1,134,200 will be used t. cover dle. ficencies in the revenue. Person.dl effects will be exempted from the operation of the property tax. Civil Service salaries will o, reduced 5 per cent. An excise dulty of 6d. per gallon on beer is proposed, and other changes will effect a balance between the re venue and expenditure. Gippslaud is very fertile of food for man. The Gippsland M?erctry writes:-"' 01 Thurs. day 100 baskets of fish and 9U bags of eels were sent to Melbourne by train, and on Friday afternoon 44 baskets were sent. On Monday three trucks of cattle will be sent fronm Sale, and 17 on Tuesday, while on the latter nine will leave Rosedale andl one l'raralgon. During the month of May 167 trucks of cattle anti horses were sent from Sale, containing 1670 head, the computed weight being 835 tons, and the revenue de. rived £760 in round' numbers. This is ex. clusive of the live stock landed at other sta tions on the line. During the week 1200 cheeses have been sent by rail through Messrs. M3'Culloch and Co., or a gross weight of about 5 tons." The condtlition of the selectors in she mtallee country appears (says the Argus) to be becoming daily more deplorusle. Mr. Bowman made in appeal to the Minister of Lands on Tuesday evening to permit these nen to throw up their holdings and take up new selections elsewhere, they receiving credit for the rent they have paid up to date. Mr. Dnffy said that while he had no power to grant the favor, he would be happy to receive the applications for relief, with a view to making provision for such cases. The Jfaryborough Standard writes.- "The meeting convened by the mayor on Saturday evening to consider the Reform Bill now before larliament gave every credit to Mlaryltorough. Those in favor of the bill and those against it were invited to attend, and the result was that the large hall was crowded with a large number being aecom. Inodated with seats on the stage. A goodly number of Conservatives were present, bet not one of them had a single word to say ii its favor, although every opportunity. wK iffitrllde them in doing so if they ithbed o'he feeling of the mneeting was almost uiani. imous against Mr. Service's scheme, its con demnation being thorough and complete." Preparations (says the Arge) are being made to holl a miass nmeeting at Benalla on Friday evening. Several members of Parliament are expected foom Melbourne to speak on the Service Reform Bill. The billis condemned by the Liberals of the district. In the American Journal of Science and Arts, P'rof Marsh describes the laud largest anitil yet known to have existed on the - globe. The thigh bone of this creature is over eight feet long, with a thickness at the largest cud of 3l iichets, though the bone has no true head. A comparison of this bone with the temur of a crocodtlile would indicate lthat the fossil s:aurian, if of similar propor tion~, hadl a total lengthl of 115 feet. That. the reptile was 100 feet when alive is at least probable. The tlther bones of this animal that have been foundt are remarkably gigantic; caudle vertebra has a transverse diameter of more than sixteen inches. All the bolles of this reptile yet discovered are. in the Yalo College nmuseum. In raianco there are farm shools for birls. One of these,at :Rouen, 400 acres i, extent, is entirely cultivated by girls, of whom there are 300 at the estallisliment between six and eiglhteen years of age. They go out as stewards, farm managers, gardeners, dairy women, &c.;, and they are in demand on ac count of their skill. Etarlyiu Janutary [r. E. Whymper success. fully ascompanied time aseret of Chimborazo, the loftiest miountain in the Cordilleras of ecutidor. He took ten days in getting from" the hio Baibha, two thirlds of the way up to the summit, and the dlifficulties encountered were greater than was expected, owing to the wind and the rarefaction of the air. On the top of the mountain the thermometer showedl a temperature of lldeg. F. There is ino creator at all, but two peaks, both of which were ascendled; tile higher one was at an clevaiton of 21,982 feeit above the sea level, or nearly 12,000 feet above the valley of Quite. The immediate ancestors of a man are two \--Ihis father anud mother, in the next pro. reeding generation they arc four-his grand parents; in the inext eight, and so on to the seventh generation whei they are one hun tired and twenty-eight; to thud tepth when they aroane thousand anid twventy-fonur; and to thie twentieth, when they arce over a mit. I U • " • - 