I GENE RAL '18U.1° IiARY. (from our Exchanges.) T.i floods at RIockbampton have suib sided. IT is proposed to establish a Plant Accli matizaition Society at;iispmore., T?E Commaercial Bank has decided to open. a branch at Tumnbarumba. ClOrsesa giamiblers hnae been heavily'fined in Gundagai. TIn~rsu has been ah-Iavy falling off in the. wheat crop this year at. 3laynoy. IT is said that an intoxicating drink is .to. be made from the binai.na. Orms 700,000 sheep have been registered in the Cooma; district;. Wmns the ship Devon arrived in wdelaide, 50 cases of measles were zeported and three deaths. T''a Mira bridge has been swept away by the fl, ods in the Mary River, Queensland. - 1'Its A. S. N. (:omnpany hasipurchased the steamer Ocean for thb.Fiji trade. IT is stated that the Victorian : Govern anent intend compelling Mr Farrell, the Par lianmentary librarian, appointed by Mr Berry, to resign. Ti= total amount subscribed by Victoria to the Irish Relief Fund is nearly £28,0 )0 exclusive of about £2500.a sent from Ballarat and Geelong. TIn Inspector of Works has condemneod part of the brickworks of the new PostO)ffice building at Coonamble. A SPLENDID copper lode has been found abt Cow Flat, near Bathurst. It is five fee wide and thirty feet from the surface., A\rOUT sixty miners are still ?irolking atf Tucker's Creek, Copeland North, making from rations t,, wages. CAPTAIIN BRnownF has been appointed Go vernment Shipping Master. The new official has commnanded one of the A. S. N. Co.'s steamner for 22 year;s.. A 1arnna is badly wanied at Lismore, as the punt is off, and the. travellers nod others have been obligedr to swim their horses dur ing the pant fortnight.; FuANra LESLfE, the proprietor of numer ous a?meri'aran pictorial publications, died in New York January 10th. A FEMIALE loctor, Mrs Cynthia Hndgson, was sen enc,;d to ten years' imprisonmentein, Clib,'ornia for malpractice. .Tits otieial. aalaryv of an artiste of, the Theatre Francail is 70,000 fr. .equal to. that, of a Cabinet Minister, and superior .to a. Mlarshals. T'l'E Wentworth jail is presenting quite an imposing appearatice, Aind is a conspicu oue building to anyone entering or leaving the town. 'T'?E Ifall of Persia. proposes. to make. a pilgrimage to Meshed next spri" g, ·econm panied by 10.000 troops.. THosE volunteers who had completed five years in Perth recceived the Weastern Austra lian Government grant. of £12 O10s. Tins members of the-Fiberian Souiety in Victoria voted £200 out - of their distress fund for the Trish Relief Fund. - * Mr Josaaar of Corwra has been laid up for three diays fron blood .poiioning through being bitten by a black spider. MnR.JonN TAiT, the well.known racehorse proprietor, intends to 'retire from the racing world. I-He will shortly visit England: IT is stated. that the defendant in the . slander case of Shepherd v. Dibba intends to apply for 'a new. trial. ON and after the 22nd March females will be admitted to all the.corporate priviloges.of the Victoria University,. but are to be restrice ted from following that of.-medicine. - La?ws SAm sor who gave evidence in the Shepherd v. Dibbs case, to the otfaact that he had witnessed certain improprieties take place in Shepherd's offi?e, hias been arrested f;r. perjury, biut admitted to bail. ., I. . .. SVEalrL of. thio courts in .the Garden ,Pa-. lace will. be closed. on the 7tbh :instant, (to day). . Regret is exprpssed: that the wishes.. of the Goveranment,. as to the extension of time, were not inade klinown earlier. Os V Wednesday evening a-public meeting iwas held in Yams and resolutions passed and a deputation appointed.to urge the construe tiin of a tramway to that town. Imnmedi ately afterwards another public meatinng was. held to urge on the Governmeut the conver sion into a barrel-drain of the ditch now run ning along the main street. ,iMrMSTraSS will pray' t be delivered from the vagaries of such a servant -girl as Maid Hudson. 'This domestic treasure took aer vice with Mrs Anne Casey, Wynyard-.squre a lady of independent means. After being out all day, Mrs Casey came hlomp to'fiad the house untidy and nothing done. Upon remonstrating with the girl, she promptly demanded her wages and gave a week's notice. Mrs Casey, only too glad to get rid of her, was osettling upa, when she noticed somethling very suaspicious under 'Mud's apron, and' found dight silve spoons and nsundry other cutlery concealed there; The girlthen seized her mistress and threw her voilently against the bannialters, severely cutting her eye, which had to be stitched up. 'The end of the affair was that Constable Daisloy was called in and Hudeon was arrested. She was committed for trial at the Water Polic Court on Friday, on the charge of robbery . which was instituted against her, while a second information of grievously wounding Mrs OCasy was postponed, to allow of mnedi cal testimony being produced as to the ex tent of the injures inflicted.-1'ellegraph. 'Tu: swe?.den have `i 'ir'ei wnay-?'f locoitur 'Otiou at their itinals. they oferli' lit .bout ricou :the, from one table to urte cr, and" aomelirnes seem' to turn the mtenjit topsy 'C turvy when they order a .repast. t i ~r-no rare thing to see them begin with cheese and biscuit, next proceed to hamn und sal'il, with "a slice of meat to follow, :anri' he sudden start ul in. the middle of tlieir;, dinier d-t swallow; while they walk -abiut ,a. ilateful: of pea-soup. &' habit which .they have of beaginiuiog each repast wtlith?hant they calla "smnrgos," int ?Iauerely. leads to mmuch..uh tidinesasat nr'altimo, but. makes them seem ,contenteri to live on bits and me:aps. .The emorgos consists' ofi£little :dishes, suchi na slices of,-smoked reindeer, and :caviar, and sardines, with picuiles; cheese, 'and other wets provocative of thirst. l?These are :fished out with n' fork of general utility, and laid on thumb pieces of rye cake, thickly smeared ~iith butter, which serve by way of plate. Then they are .bitten into, regard less of the fragments which romay .fll onl other dainties (for your true .smorgos-eater seldom aits- to his, repast), arid they are finally washed dowan ?ith a glass or.two of spirits which stand handy .by their side. Such a prelude to a meal is not merely ur-, cleanly, but mustt vitiate the palat, and in jnre the digestion. Indeed, I feel convinced that were the .oorgoabord abolisned, not merely would the cookery in Sweeden so. n: improvo, but very many of the people would be gradually weaned from their weakness for strong dliink.-.41l tike Year r ound. Rer?PECTING the supply of salt water fish' to'tho interior towns, the T-aggd Advuertiseer inys:-" Those who have resided on the shores of the first harbour in, the Southernri hemisphere, cannot but be aware of what a treat the fresh caught sea-fish is to the man whose palate has become clogged and satiated' with the never-varying beef, mutton, steak., and chops, that is heraided by the approach of the butcher boy. -low much more would be the treat to us poor iniland mortals, .who from year's end to year's end have to drudge a on :rand toil anid?t the never-varying dust and mud, which alternately nieets the eye uitf adf ferent seasons' of the year. Could not a oupply of fresh fish be procured froma Syd- a ney. ainpleto neet the recqui'omets of our t not over large population, and also to leave t a large margin of profit to him who embarked n in the enterprise? In these days of ice- t curing, the presertalioen of the article in the a fresh state need be no iinpe diment to the ex- t periment, more particularly as the railway would carry-it to our doors, where it could p be delivered eighteen hours after it was pro- i cured from the sea's great depths.'" f TnE .Bat.hurst ZTimes says that the autfor- w tunate man James Polson, since his adrais- h sion to the Barthurt garnl, .has heen in a t pitiable state of wretchedness. E?en yet he t can hardly realize thle terrible .taedy that s has taken place. Ile stati u that htl mind is ti a perfect blank -n ith regarad to !hi fIetal deed. a nor has hi' auy recollectioin of.: nythin- thati e occurred o thoe dclay in question. Hei hla o been remarknbly quiet in his demainnoaur, aid a gives no trouble whatever to the gaol of- I ficinls. -t Wr. learn from tlahe elb.L rc ..)aily g Teqegraphak that on the 3rd ini-tai t young ii -mnan, 1) years of ace, named Mlrk Mýarston. t, w ars out in one of Mlr -W` . J. Clark.-'u pad- d docnet:, at Sunbury, looking for t bh:ita. He l put ha-s hand into a nribblit ' burrow n and almost immediatoly. wiadow it it, and said sormthing ' had . bitten ce him. Ho continued rootin, iar :', fe?' mi- n nutes, and then 'complaineI of' his: head. a] lhis cnmparrion helped him :al?rn :mant lied a to string round the arm an?l c,.lhlcdd o: assist- p ance. Mlr Fanning. gardener to Mr COlarke, i answered thei call, i:iadl ?rarifi,-d the wound,. as which was on the atrist; .nodd which l is com- y panion sucked. Between thetii they got the th deceased to the Rupeatswood Hotel, where- ft he was attended by Dr.- Leggatt:. This was re about l.alf-past 1 o'cliick iai the dday 'and by a constant -care and tb-d iij-ction of ammonia into the arm the deceased rallied, and Dr. Laer'gtt left himn at half-past 13 p.m., appar ently deing well:. - H1e° was calledrlat 3 a...m next day, and found deceased's arnm in a vio lent-state of inflaminmation. The d -rtor pre- d. scribed' for' him; but he eroutiutre d, to sink, nm and died at a quarter-pastr 9 a.ni. fromi the poisoncuas eftfcts of snakebite. be,' A tECiIANICoL contrivance -- mtericea in the simplicity and ingenuitty of .its construc tion--is now to be seei in Adelaide, says the South? LArsfraliaan Registh'r'. It is what may th be termed a railway velocipedo or trycle, and is intended for' the use of per'maueut way inspection-the meni who go down the rail way lines periodically to see that they are in repair 'ad free fromnabsts uction. The vehicle, which.was manufiiftured 'by G 1aid' S ueYShef t field and Co., bMichigan,' consists o'f light earriage mounted-upon-two wheels~i one be- a hind aIlo other,-with flrnges tofit on one rail of the line, while a projecting bar supports a i smaller wheel to ilakd the other raiil and keep the veichle steady. The rider places himself upon a seat in the fore part of the carriage, M and by meansof as cliverly constructaed upl i- i right escillating frame, acting upon a ser'esr of cra;ks and clgwheela beneath, propels himself'at a rapid riate;alhong the railwliy with very little exertion. There is also pro visionr t'rr driiing thli?'vehicle with 'the feet in the same wa. an biscyIle. I smalt hbut powerful brake is fitted, o as to act on the wheels with great force and stop the machine. o at onee if necessary:. :'l'ho carriage is between i? two and thr"o' feet high, and six teet ,long, Ih, and is very light.?:.., Behind the driver .is a;!t receptacle for :uolos ci whatever lihe, -mayy reP. ' quire to carry with hhin of an easily portable qa character, and iri fronti is: a small box -for ecrews, oilkan, &e.; n 'lThe .Blisanl Cwoarier a~ys thkat durIing the l passage of the Native Birds Proteetion Bill through the Aesemnbly it. was t queation ~ u with some a.enbers whether the. lnughing. jacklass rctalytIed on snakes. :. correspon-,,, dent, residing a Toowong, sautes that on Sun day, Mitch 7th his attentiou was .directed ,: by oni of his ehild'ren to a jacknai in the' act of swallowingn snake oni thetop of a fenco o+ O10 yards from his verandih, whilst its mate . seat on a.post. lose by w:,tehing the operation. The snnke, tie head of which the j+ak aesIc . was dashling with -rent. force against; the.' toprail of tthe ence. wits of considerable.aize. t/r On the approach ot: our.eorrespodent ilt;took I to its wings ant' perched. n a tree, where the J remainder of the ianile'( (i)me 12.incies) was I Q. quickly sIwallowed. Qutlr are very t.i?n;roun inithe .neiighbo? r m.I hood of' Yass, and large numltbers have been i.. bagged since the openinig of the shoioting season. Orie resident of the town has nal- q, ready bagged 501 brace to.hiisowi" gun, Ihav- i t ing brought down and seiaurtcd 101 birds at i an expenditure of it11 shots, each charge l. I comprising but one ounce of shot. Many ou others havo had n fair amount of sport, at :tlol e scarcaely . illj t -,suisfu iisi t nnllmbhr of birds brtchitt.idot'i.-- r: etrt?,.f d .SoBe: of the Wagget hofelklmcpera lay dif tforent tables:- foe ,different -classes. of per 0 sons, and this arraungmenti ha? puzzled even a crafty Mtongolian,-boi':k AL one of our local- hnftcelrya latelyd dinnervivns.ordrred for n the nuliber ftnis table (thi be?t), wlioh was o to chtsist of all the dBlhcacies of the seasoi.: 'T'heie were supplied by' mistake :to humber f one table. at which frodrti s:-'ind porters are. I upposed td?nrtaako of their meals,? wlio;'it -in needless to say, enjoyed the change in, the bill of fare:remarkably well. _The elite, how-; Sover, who by mistako.hnad the dinner set bie I s :fore them which wap intonded for numboer 1 one table; did not fec'l so iitisfied. When a huge piece of ~ornod beef alone was placed before them, the. host was called upon to:ex I plain. He, being a man of very few words, excused the matter:by. ;simply. observing, f "The cook is discharged.)"-, John, however, is said to have given as and erplanation s" Number one follow velly ,good; good as -number four fellow. M3e no care." John evidently was no respecter oftpersons.-2?Br s 'Vita Eclhuca and .M ddcma Adveitisert states that an unfortunate ocltcrrence took place in the parish of Moira, the other day. Two children, the sons of Jame.a'Wright, afarr-: er, residing a inthe said 'parish, set out on Friday, the 27th February, to fetchl home some cows, and after travellirig about three quarters of a mile, it coimnenced to rain, whereon theelder ihrotrherli'sld the vounger to run;home. The youu;?a i cild (.bout5 years old) accordingly started itur home, as he thought. The elder; bi?tiher on reaching ho:ne some considerabli tliiie after, found that the little fellow had not inado his appearance. Search was madeo, buth;e:.ivasnowlieroto t be found that night. Thfe following imorning about 830 of the neighbodirs tiirned oil.n arid searched the whole dao, but withouc success. The worst part of all was t.hat on Friday. night mentioned it poured with rain, and on : Saturday the weather was as had. Saturday night at dark it was raining hard, and: had. every appearance of a iet niMght, but with-no I sign of the child. All liodpesi of finding him I alive .were then abaridonred-. On Sunday morning, however, he' waii. discovered-about,: two miles from whoee. l? h was last seen, , trudging about and -ealliing ftr his brothel, t and, but for being wdak acud hungry, none I the worse for his misliap L:Hio, was out two I nights and a day, with the- rain pouring in torrents the whole time.,, r A aBTaN-io story reacheu the Bendio l~ode pendent froat the Sheepwmesh. A few even ings since four woodearters Were returning i "from Sandhurst to their hoines at the Sheep wash. The night was eo!iar, the moan beingy high in the heavens. W .-1 hen sthey rieachbid the Juncticn -Hotel they turned off on a bush . track, and t?n'velbd aloni for a short di.tence. Suddenly .they saw approaching them the t figure of a headless female ,,draped in .white, h and gliding along anlparently withu?t any fi exerrion. Eaclh wood-:arter was riding in hisa own dray. 'They gazed with fascinated horror on the spectacle, none of them able to speak. A curiosity about this sitrange affair is that the men say that.directly it passed one wag- q gon it became invisible .to those sitting in the other cart. Thusi it appeared -to each wood carter, one after anothir.- Although dressed in white, there appeared to Le a vol lowish hue surroundingtiie figure. For four nights in succession.the gh'ost (or whatever Li it was) was seen, and thii wood-carters be came at last so afraid that a lien they are now going home with the empty drays they all ride together. Had the story been related to us by oneO.person only; few people wouid place any credence in it, but- when: half-a dozen men temphatically relato the same story, it becomes mystifying. -A ?party of young men have, however; arranged to ' plot' the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a ?harge of' shot. 