feMler. ; AN OLD KENTISH TOWN. Wandering along tho east coast of tho county of Kent, the tourist who has time to spar*, and who is Impervious to tho nolny attractions of tho many watering- places dotted along it, will find a quaint littlo old world town Btanding in a murphy plaiik a little back lrom tno aqa, which will well repay the artist or tho lover of antiquity who lingers thero for a day or two. Tho name of tha place is Sandwioh. It he hau over been in Holland, he will think ho has suddenly been transported thero, as he sees the flat landscape unrolling itself beforo him, with only hero and there a few cattlo grazing; and occasionally a low red- tiled roof touched by tho sun, making a bit of warm colour in the midst of the universal groyness. Treeless — savo for a few melancholy poplars — and dreary enough it looks, even in tho mellow light of a clear autumnal day, as you speed along in the train, a mode of locomotion which sooms strangely out of keeping with tho scene. A ilat-bottt-ined punt, moving lazily along a canal would be tho means of progression to bo expected in this dim and colourless sceneVy. Presently you alight at the little station, whero the momentary stir and bustle brings you back to tho times you live in. But as you shoulder your knapsack, and wander away through the silent and deserted streets in search .of a hostelry, you feel as tho professor may havo felt in Hans Andersen's story, whou he drew on the goloshes of Happiness, and found himself suddenly in tho Copenhagen of the middle ages. Tbe spirit of the place — supposing you to be at all imaginative — will already begin to influence you, and you will probably turn from tho modern inn — - though that is quiet enough — and hesitate whether you will locate yourself at the Flcurs de Lis or the Mermaid or tho King's Arms, which attract you by their over hanging stories aud gables, and tbo carv ings of grotesque wooden figures which support them. Your choice made, you will probably be rewarded by eating jour supper in a room where the muntel-piece is composed of |Dutoh tiles, real Dutch tiles, brought over by rial Dutchmen in the reign of Elizabeth, and whero the oak carvings of the ceiling would almost do credit to Gibbons. Your tea, should you indulge in tbat modest beverugo, will be served to you in a pot of real delf; aud should you partako of a glass of toddy before you turn iu for the night, you may perchance have the spirits brought to you in a square bottle which btai-a tbe date 17-11, and the name of the then Mayor of Sandwich, When you stroll forth in the morning, your sketch-book under your arm, in search of some quaint or dainty ' bit' with which to onrich your canvas, you find that your only difficulty will bo in making a goou selection from the many pictures you treo around you. Hero a Da Hoogb, there a Van dor Heydon, seem to have left tbeir framos and taken up their abode in these Bilent and grass-grown streets. For silent they aro, oven in these early morning hours, when the stillness in othor towns is broken by the whistle of the labourer on his way to work, by the lowing of cattle, by the faotory bell, or the distant hum of maobinory. Here' no such sounds break tho stillness. We presumo that, as there aro houses, thero must bo inhabitants ; but wo come across them only here and there as wo take onr morning walk, unless we look baok over our shoulder, whofi we seo heads uppeariug at door and window, watching tho ' stranger' with onrioas eyes. ' ' What is there to bo seen in the town 1' ..wo OBk our landlady, as wo prepare to sally ionu, sitoicu-uooic ia nana. j 'Well, not muob, sir,' is the unsatis factory answer ; 'there is tlio houao in whioh Queen Elizabeth slept' ^ubiquitous monarou, who seems to have slept in every town in her kingdom] ; ' and. St. Clement's and St. Peter's ChurchoB ; and— and— and I am afraid that is all.' Somewhat discouraged, my companion and I start on a voyage of discovery to look for Queen Elizabeth's house. 'VVe havo not far to go; it is but just roiind tho corner ; and procuring tho key from a highly loquacious dame, who is much in censed at our rojection of her proffered company and explanations, we unlock tho door and enter. Nothing to see ! Why, it is worth a journoy from town only to spend an hour in the room in which wo now find ourselves. A delightful room— all oak carving, dark with ago— low and large grotesque heads looking down on us from the ceiling, from tho midst of wreaths cf flowers and fruits; panels— sliding panels, perhaps— all round us. An oaken chimney piece with a hunting sccno inlaid in different coloured woods, whioh stand out woll, even now, from tho nearly black oak ; and brass dogs on the empty hearth. Wo almost expect to seo one of tho panels disappear, and somo proscribed Jacobito come forth from his plaoo of concealment. 'What business havo we deniz-ns of thu modern world hero f' wo ask oursolves as we aBcend the stair, treading softly and apeaking low, for fear of disturbing the ghosts who surely havo thoir abiding-placo ii) tbo dim passages. ' Oak-panelled it certainly ia also, though tho hand of somo goth has painted it a dirty white. My companion sorapes a bit of tho paint off with hor knife, and, aB wu seo tne brown wood underneath, we givo a sympathetic groan over tho vandalism. But tho dosocrated stair leads ub intn +i,„ whioh Queen Elizabeth Blept on the night of the 31st August, ? 1572, and which, fortunately, saorilogious hands havo spared. It is almost tho counterpart of the room below it, except that the very haudsomo and elaborately carved ceilin-* is of plaster, and tho chimney and mantel piece carved and not inlaid. Prom the window wo look on to tho river Stour and over tho flat and droary landscape, to where tho Ramsgato cliffs aro shining brilliantly in the morning sun. Wo learn from Uoys_ ' History of Sandwich' that it was in Mr. Manwood's houso that Hoi Majesty lay, 'a houso wherein Kin-r Homy VIII. had been lodged twico boforo. The good burgesses of thu town Btwm, aooording to tho same authority, to have provided many amusements lor the Queen and in their loyalty she evidently had great laith ; lor it iB specially rooorded that, at a banquet propareU lor her in the sohool-houso —consisting of one hundred aud Bixty dishes served on a table twenty-eight leot long— ' she was very merrye, and did eat of- diverB aoisayo. anu Bho also aocepted a silvor-gilt oup well-nigh a oubit high. Nothing to see 1 Why, let us atxoll along Strand-street, bearing a littlo to onr left until wo oome to this same oid sohool-houBo' whioh was lounded by subscription, under a promise from Mr. Manwood, afterwards Sir i-togor— probably tha samo in whose houao the Queen Blept— to eudow it with lands of Buffiuient value to support the building and maintain a mastor. at ono time no doubi it WaB a very flourishing institution; but like everything e!8e around us, it partakes now ol tho silence and doadneBs ot tbe town. Perhaps it is holiday, timo, perhaps the ohildrou are away ; but at ail evuntB tho building iB hero quaint aud tall, with red tiled roof and quour high chimneys, whioh look as if thoy might be dangerous neighbours in u gale ; -and oud out- buildings, auu many pointed gables, and tho dito, 1561, in relief on tho irout faoiug the roadway. We aro told that it stood near Canterbury Gate ? but -though the Canterbury RJad is hore, the Gate is a thing of the past. , While I am peering over the low wall into tho grass-grown oourt-yardj and moralising over the deoay ot all human institmiona, my oompanion is transferring tho old house to her Bketoh book; and when aho has finished, I suggest that wo shoaid try and have apeop at the ohurohos, ? whioh our laudlady has mentioned cs being of tho lionB of the place. We go first to St. Qloment's tho square tower of whioh is one of tho most anoiont Saxon buildings in England. It is ornamented on each sido with tlnoo fiora of pillars and oironlar nrchcB. Boys says that it had formerly a Bpire and battlements, whioh wero takon down between tho yoars 1670 and 1673. Tbo ohnroh is built princi pally of boulders inixod with sandstone from Pegwoll Bay, with tho excoption of tbe tower, whioh ia composed of Normandy stone The coiling of tho nave is of oak, iu panels like those in Queen Elizabeth's house, with ornaments of flowers and foliago, and angels holding Bhields. The stalls in the ohancel are also oak, of very ancient date, and much wormeaten. In tho pavement aro many grave-stones, originally ornamented, as we oan see, with figareB and devices in braBB, whioh havo been removed ; and hero aud there a fow auoient tiles still romain. The day is so olear that my oomnanion BuggeBts that wo should asoend the tower and «eo tho view; whioh wo aooordingly do, and aro well ropaid ior our climb. It stands in tho contro of an almost level plain ; aod wo cannot holp thinking how oflon, in ancient days, tbe men of Sandwich must | have nscendod that towor to watQli the j approach of an enemy. For tho old town has been attacked aud taken many times, since tho Danes, landing iu Kent, first pillaged it, accoKtiing to an ancionl Saxon Chronicle, iu J tho year 851. Sandwich is not tbo least 1 important ol tho Cinque Ports, and many a lluet has sailed lrom ij ogairiat suo French, and many a prizo towed into its haven. Tho town, lying at' our feot, looks peaceful enough now in tlio morning suu shine, with tho bluo wreaths of smoko liovoring lazily in the still air over tho pic turesque tiled roofs, which vary in colour from yellow, through overy shade and tono of red, to tho richest brown in tho shadows. And tho fleot of merchant-vessels lying windboundin the Downs, speaks to wealth and commorco and progress, instead of deadly war and tumult. Wonderfully ?' holliindisch ' the scone looks from this elevation. The poplars, th'e windmills, t ho universal flatness — except whore, on the horizon, tho lieculvors'just catch the sun. Ihe whole scene must have reminded tho Flemings who sottled here in tbo reign of Elizabeth, of tho home and country lost .to thom. ' AVhon we reluctantly descend, the vc-rger, who seouis. pleased at the interest wo manifest, takes us into the vestry and stiows us a very auoient register oi births, deaths, and marxiages, written on parohment, and Btrongly bound. Amoug the deatbB, I fiud the following droll entries : In 1G22 — '.Old Mother Chilton ; ' and a little lowur on the same page, ' Old Widow' Woollet.' Iu 1613 — ' Bichard Bakor, a very poor man ; ' ami — this strikes us us unkind — ' Sybil Muzred, a very ancient maide.' In tho same year it is recorded that ' Mr. Peoke was very solemnly buried.' Wo wonder if tho solemn ceremonies conoluded with a great jollifica tion, und whether all tho mourners at tLo funeral wont aobar to bed I On tho font, as, we como out, we find the Ciuqac Porta arms and tho lionB of England quartered with tho French fleur de lis. From St. Clement's wo wond our way through tho quiet streets, past what used to be tho fish-market, with its old-fashioned gabled houses, each story overhanging the other, until the topmost one looks as if it would fall into the street below, until wo come to St. Peter's. Hero we aro fortunate enough to meet with a most courteous gentleman, who, evidently glad of an intel ligent human being to speak to, accom panies us into the church, and shows us some curious old Dutch monuments. From him wo learn that in olden' times tho prin cipal support of the vicar arose from the tithes of fish brought into the haven. It is to be hoped that he does nut now depend upon that, or I am afraid bis stipend would be but scanty, 1'n tho timo of tho Roman,?, no doubt Sandwich was washed by the sea, which has now receded fully a mile; leaving between it and tho town tho low lying mist-wreathed land, partly marsh, and partly sand, of which I have spoken. Tho namo is evidently the Saxon Sandwic, or town on the sand. Il is now high noon ; and ' surely,' wo say to eaoh other, u wo shall boo some sign of life about tlio, placo.' Bat no, it looks as silent and deserted us it did at six in the morning ; and it is difiioult to realiso that in tbe dayB of Kiog Canute it was one of the most important of tho English ports. We wander into a queer littlo Bhop, lull of ouriouB old brio-a-brao, and piok up, for a mure Bong, some rare old Dutch tiles, relics of the Fiemiah settlers ; and ono or two old Mandarin China plates, whioh remind us of tho one of whioh Oharlos Lamb speaks, on whioh the little gentleman is handing u oup of tea to a lady two miles off ; and, joy of joyB, a quaint old bottlo, dated 1741, like the one wo saw at the inn last night. If only wo could carry thom away, wo would invest in a bewitching set of brass-mounted 'tall- boys,' and — for hero it is — the identical 'old clock on tho stairs' of which Long fellow has sung so sweetly. The shopkeeper though that is far too modern a word by which to describe him — and his wifo are chatty people, and evidently proud of the antiquity of thoir house, built, thoy tell us, early in tho seventeenth century ; and thoy show us a ourious bit of old wall, which seems to corroborate their story. I ask them what thoy do in tho winter. ' Much tho samo as in tho summer,' is the answor ; '' it is equally dull all tho year round.' ' Surely,' I say to my companion, as we leavo tho littlo shop and continuo our walk, 'any modem ltip, Wiukle might slumber hero lor twenty yeuru, .and on wak ing only read tho lapse of time in tho Bilvored hair aud wrinkled ohoeks of his contemporaries.' We tako our way through Dsli-atreet, Potter and KnigUtrider-atroota, Butohory, Salutation — wnat queer old names — to the Fisher Gate, the only one remaining of the Gates whioh gave ogross irom tho town. It abuts on tho river, and doubtless tho fisher mou landed thero with their spoils irom the Boa. It has a pointed aroh, and is in a tolerable state oi preservation. Close to it Btood the Pillory Gats, und bb wo look up wo aee tha word ' Pillory' written at a . street oorner, though -thero is now only a timber yard where the Gate used to stand. Lot us hope that tho pillory itseli was . done , avvav wun, as being oi no further use to tho virtuous inhabitants. Going a little further, wo oome to tho Bttrbicau; but.althougli it boars the anoiont liamo, nothing of tho original struoturo is left. If wo go through it, and orossing the Stonr, walk a Bhort way along the Eamsgate road, wo shall oome to a ourious pebbled ridgo or bit of soa-beaoh quito inland; but we havo not time to-day, and indeed are loath to leavo the old wallB whioh still sur round the town, So wo take a oirouitous route baok to our inn, coming aoross many a dainty bit of old carving, many a ourious gableii house with low-arched doorway and uiamond-lattioed windows. Ono doorway of oak, whioh appears to havo recently been picked out, boars tho Cinque Ports Arms and the date 160J1 ; und we pasB a square aroh way, if wo may bo spoak, with a carved, wooden beam running along it, through whioh we get a jieep ac a delicious mass oi quaint ohimneys and richly ooloared tools aud pioiureiqtie gabloa, amoug whioh the warm shadows lie droaining, whioh, framed by tho anoient aroh, make a pioturo worthy tho brush oi a TeniorB. At length, tired out, wo find ourselves again at our comfortitblo inn ; and waited on by our landlady in person, we dawdle over our*supper, talking over what wo have soon, und looking at ono or two skotchos wo havo mado. , Oui' hostesBisin tho midst of an interesting account o£ somo subter ranean pitssagea' whioh were wont to be used by tho smugglers, when the sound o£ a boll cornea homo to us through tho still ness. ' What is that ?' we asked, startled. ' That,' roplios tho landlady — 'that is tho ourfow,' That old-world sound scoms to ring in our ears whon wo close our oyes in sleep, which wo do only .to dream that wo aro in tho oak-pannelled room of Mr. Manwood's house, and tlint wo aro being presented to Hor Gracious Majesty Quoen Elizabeth by her Master of tho Horso, tho Earl of Loicoster. 