HAIRDRESSERS' AND TOBACCONISTS' PICNIC. The lately formed Hairdressers' and Tobacconists' Society held their first picnic on Commemoration Day, on the Kensington Oval. Despite the many coanter-attractions there was a laige attendance of the public, the average attendance daring the day being about 900. In the afternoon His Honor the Chief Justice visited the grounds, and was received with a round of cheers, and before leaving expressed his satisfaction at the manner in which the picnic was conducted. A liberal programme of sports had bees provided beforehand by tbe committee, and the whole of the events were entered into with zest. Mr. W. Jones acted aa Judge, and Mr. J. B. Broderick as Starter. The following is a detailed account of the races:— One Hundred Yards, for boys under fifteen years of age—H. Buss, J. Claik, J. Weller. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Flatrace, for hairdressers' assistants only—T. Hill, E. Hubble, J. Buckley. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Hurdle Race, all comers—8. Cope, M. Burman, W. Wickham. One Hundred Yards Flatrace (first event for Challenge Cup)—H. Sadler, J. Coward, J. Birt. One Hundred and Fifty \ ards Flatrace, for hairdressers' employes—J. Jackson, T. Snowies, J. B. Tcogood. Banning High Jump, for all comers—J. McDaniel, S. Cope, E. Giles. Two Miles Bicjcle Eace—J. W. Press, F, Gogan. Two Hundred and Twenty Yards Flatrace (second event for Challenge Cup)—J. Coward, H. Sadler, J. Birt. The two last-named competitors came in at a dead heat. Two Hundred Yards Flatrace, for hairdressers' assistants—J, Buckley, T. Hanley, B. Hubble. Two Hundred and Thirty Yards Hurdle Race, all comers—J. Birt, J. Fitzgerald, W. Wickham. Two Hundred Yards Flatrace, for hairdressers' employers—J. Jackson, F. Roberts, H. Schutz. Four Hundred and Forty Yards Flatrace (third event for Challenge Cup)—J. Birt, J. Coward, H. Sadler. Two Miles Walking Match, all comers—J. White, J. "Whraig, H. Hawkes. Half mile Flatrace, all comers—J. Butler, T. Shephard, J. Birt. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Flatrace, for hairdressers only—B. Battenby, T. Hill, E. Hubble. THE TOBKE'S PENINSULA ANNUAL REGATTA.— This regatta, which is to be held on Monday, January 3, bids fair to be one of the most sncceBBful that has yet taken place at Wallaroo. About £80 are effered as prizes, and the whole of the events are likely to be well contested. For the first-class sailing race there are some likely craft belonging to the Bay. while a number of others from Moonta are expected to compete. The palling matches will also prove interesting, as several new boats have been built; and for the Champion Four- oared Race a sister gig to the Irene, already at Wallaroo, has been built by Mr. Playfair, of Port Adelaide. This race, therefore, is likely to be more keenly contested this year than on any former occasion, for although regattas have been held for the past, twelve yfars without fntormifsion, this will I«< fir«t O'.- «WT. "» '.V r? aiifce will have uoitpited, THB EMGUSH CIBCDS.—This popular place of amusement was again well attended last evening, and the various feats, equestrian, acrobatic, and comic, were all received with great applause. The pantomime of " Ride-a-Cock Horse" afforded any amount of fun also to the youngsters present. AHTKT, OB THE Fzruu} Box.—This exhibition was well attended yesterday, especially in tbe evening, and Ariel made a number of ascents at short intervals between 2 and 6 and 8 and 10 o'clock. There was a good deal of guessing as to how the ascent is made, and in obedience to the demands of those who went determined to find out all about the mystery the lights roand the table, were turned np and down, but though the spectator is able to approach pretty close to tbe white table, the problem as to how tbe trick is done was not solved. The Art Gallery, where the exhibitions are being given, is open to visitors daring the whole day, and we understand that a number of Johnstone's pictures are shortly to be on view there. The Flying Boy will ascend at short intervals from 2 till 10, except between the hours of 6 and 8. PBAJSCB'S COHBOIATIOK COMFAHY.—This very amusing company drew a better house at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, December 29. Tbe Misses Taylor and Lamble, for their double song and dance, had to respond to an encore. Mr. A. Manvers, for his pedestal skate dance, again called forth rounded applause. Master Carvalho delighted the audience with his feats on the invisible wire; while Hiss Lillie Taylor could not satisfy tbe audience until she had reappeared for her character song " To the Semaphore." The company will appear again this eveniDg. GABNES'S THEATBE.—There was another good attendance at this place of amusement on Wednesday afternoon and evening, December 29, when Professor Pepper presented his entertainment of ghosts, tableaux, and sketches. Every one greatly enjoyed the various Items on the programme. CONCERT.—A concert in aid of the Commercial Travellers' Association will be given in the Albert Hall this evening. A most attractive programme has been prepared, in which several well- known professionals and amateurs will take part. Mr. W. R. Pybus will act as musical director. ACADEMY OF Music.J— There was a very good attendance at the Academy of Music on Wednesday evening, when the pantomime " Nursery Rhymes" was repeated, to the great satisfaction of the audience. Tbe transformation scene was londly applauded. THEATRE ROYAL.—The popularity of the pantomime performed at this place is certainly not upon the wane, for there was a crowded house on Wednesday evening, every individual of the audience testifying by laughter and applause to the success of the efforts made by the company. The march of the lilliputian Grenadiers and Highlanders was exceedingly well received. THBGAWLEB FEIENDLY SOCIETIES' FESTIVAL.— o The Gawler United Friendly Societies' concert was given at the Gawler Institute Hall on Tuesday evening, December 28. The programme was a long and varied one, and was not concluded tiH late; both of the overtures were given by Mr. W. S. Harvey on six instruments, the manipulation of which fairly brought down the house. Mr. Alfred Parks r gave two songs; Mr. EL J. Garrood, of Adelaide, who is an old Gawler favourite, also gave two songs, the "Death of Nelson" being especially enjoyed. Mrs. T. O. Bead nail and Miss Brooks gave a duet, "The Gondolier's - Good-night," for which they received an imperative encore, which was really well deserved, and the former lady bowed her acknowledgment. Mrs. J. N. Richards sang " The Toung Lady's 'No,'" also "The Rich Man's Bride." Mr. George Filsell, from Port Adelaide, also an old Gawler resident, was warmly received in bis two songs, " The Gravedigger" and " Chiming Bells." Dr. Popbam sang two songs, viz., "Will-o'-the-wisp" and "The Vagabond," and was encored. The song, "Break, break," given by Mrs. T. C. Beadnall, was undoubtedly the piece of the evening. Miss Leichert's songs—" Napolitaine" and 'Smiling Faces" — were capitally received, {-specially the latter. Mr. G. Filsell's song, "Wrecked and Saved," was highly appreciated. The proceedings were brought to 1 a close by the company singing the National Anthem. Daring the interval Mrs. Dawes (wife of Dr. Dawes), who had taken an active part in collecting the amount for tbe Ladies' Purse, presented the prizes won at the sportB during the day. This beiBg over, tbe Mayor of Gawler (Mr. H. Dew) proposed'a vote of thanks to Mrs. Dawes for distributing the prizes, and for the great personal inconvenience she had gone to in collecting the money for the Ladies' Puree, which was carried unanimously. TEE NOABLTJNGA RACBS.—In another column will be found tbe programme of the Noarlunga Races, to be held on Saturday next. 