AN ARCADIAN REVENGE. By Jambs Payh. ' Dzmnd npon it, my dear sir, there 3s. a system of compensation ; I, for example, ocoujoy a position in the oountry beyond my talents, whilo you possess talents that are considerably above what is neoossary — ahem —to a person of your condition of life.' This amazing speech was addressed to me confidentially, in tho smoking-room of our oummuu ouiD ono mgui, ny jar. Dornoway Dioko, aftor we had dined together for tho first timo. It wnfl lato in August ; tho club was empty, and I had invited him to join tabloB, though I knew him to bo an asg, rathor than dine alono. Tho bad man nSay tako a solitary moal without moral damage, and even to;tbo publio advantage, sinoe tho ouBtom is unwholesome, and tends to shorten life ; but to tho good man it is harmful. His thoughts, conBtant as tho needle to the pole to what is pure and good, aro naturally attrootod to himself, and his benovolent | actions, hia excellent motives, his wholo blameloss oareor, pass in reviow before his oyea, and ho beoomes self-couscious and solf oomplacout. Rather than run tho risk of this, having ordered my own modost repaBt, I looked up at Domoway-Dioke, who, with his glass painfully fixed, iu his eyo, was scanning the samo ' limited carto' for tho day, iu doubt (as I gniossed) about tho French dishes, and observed, 'Shall wo clino to gether?' and ho had replied, courteously, ' 1 Charmed, I am suro.'* Aa a matter of fact, Mr. Dornoway-Dioko waB a man not easy to olinrm ; it was not in Gonius (though up to that dnto I. don't think it had ever tried it) to do bo ; and I believe even Beauty herself would havo failed in tho attempt, unless she had had a title to back her. Mr. Dioke'a weakness was for a lord— a vory common one, of course, but in bis oase unusually pronounced. yHis conversation waB studded with titles aB the firmament is with Btnrs ; and ho wns in respect to thom what Mr. Carlyle, in relation to sniritual things, calls 'terribly at enso in Zion'; that is, he was shookingly familiar with earlB and viscounts, while as to baronets, be would refer to them by their Chriatiau vumes. To say that his views npon all matters woro oommonplaoe would havo been flattering to his intelligence ; thoy were conventional to sublimity. _ ' Ghost stories nre absurd, ' arguen Cole ridge, ' because, though men tell us they havo had such an experience, if a man did really ever eoo what he actually believed to bo a ghost, idiotoy would at once super vene but I firmly believe that Dornoway Dicko would havo seen a ghoBt without the least injury to liis intellectual powers ; not because he was already an idiot, lint (inde pendently of that) beoauso so unconventional a subject as tho supernatural had nevor entered his mind. If the ghost had a title, then, indoed, an impression might have beon made, but it would have been produced by his temporal, not hia spiritual, lordship. In all matters whioh oxoroiBe the human mind, from theology to Amerioan bowls, ho took not the^faintest interest ; but I had beon informed — and warned — that upon the subjeoS of the dignity and position of the Dornoway-Dioke family he could and would be very diffuse if you woro not careful. He was a man, in short, to nod to, but not to speak with, unless the means of escape were handy. Still, late in August, at a London olub, ope oannot afford to be particular, and having such strong moral reasons for not diniug alone, I had to dine with Dornoway-Dioke. There was ono circumstance, however, that really did attract me towards this gentleman, and mado mo wish for a closer acquaintance. It was a much-debated question iu the' club whether he wore a wig or not, and I wanted to solvo'it. If he did do so (for oven after dining with him I was not sure), thoy were tho best wigs that over wero. I say wigs, because ho must have had lots of them, for his hair was sometimes short and sometimes long-, and sometimes just as it ought to bo in the caso of a fashionable young gentleman of fifty-four. Por there was this disadvantage about the distinguished position of tho Dornoway-Dicke family, that, being in the peerage — though it must be confessed in a very remoto and 'presumptive' fashion — tho man's ago was known to a nicety. Thoro was then this point (as to his wig) to bo cleared up, which promised me somo little excitement, and I was also curious to know whether he talked of ' tho Land' as though it were alive, which I was assured ho did. My information upon this jioint, as it turned out, wa3 correct. The ono supreme effort of originality whioh Mr. Dornoway-Dicko had made was to per sonify tho landed interest in this peculiar fashion. ' What tho Land wants, sir, ho would observe, very slowly and majestically (so that you had plenty of timo to suggest to yourself top- drossing,' 'coprolites,' and what not) — 'what the Land wants, sir' (ho always repeated this charming phrase), ' is fair play.' iiio juancr wanted so many tuings in the courso of our conversation at dinner that I had begun to think it some what exacting, and indeed to get a little impatient of Mr. Dornoway-Dicko himself. But I am never, or at least hardly ever, dis courteous, and though bored to extremity, like a woodon ship, exposed to the aotion of tho Teredo navalit, I endured it as though I had been made of iron. I had afked Jho man to dinnor, and in one boubo had certainly paid for it, so felt constrained by the duties of hospitality to be oivil till the meal was j over. When it was finished, and we repaired to tho smoking- room, I had no such scruple, j ' Tho Vino,' Bays tho olaseio author, ' is tho Evokor of Truth,' und this is even still more the case with the Cigar. Imagine, then, my indignation ut that amazing remark of my oompanion. ' I, for example, occupy a position in the oountry beyond my tnlents, whilo you posBOBB talents that are considerably above what is nooessary — ahem— to a perBon 'Proy,' said I, ' Mr. DornowayDioke, confine your observations to yourself, as you generally do. As to your talents, I have no reason to doubt yonr own modeBt estimation of them, but as to your position in the oountry, I was not niware that you hod any.' I hope this was not rude. I spoke in th. gentlcct tones of whioh the human voice — or at all events my voice — is capable, and in a manner that was certainly winning, for I. fell that I hud scored. To my astonishment, Mr. Dornoway-Dicko remained quite un ruffled ; he carefully removed the ash from tbo end of his cigar with his signot-ring, and answered, quietly, nlmost humbly, ' You quite mlstike me. I said my position In the country, of which, as you tell me, you know nothing. You' are not,, then, familiar with MangelwurzelBhire ?' ' I waB certainly not. I had heard of it, ot coureo, but I felt myself fortunate in not having to Bpell it. 'Ah? I thought so,' he continued, blandly. You should come down to Dorno way Court and see me at home. Then you would understand why I don't oftener visit London. In town I am, comparatively sp.aking, nobody, but in Mangelwurzelshire — What do you say, now, to running down to us for tho first'week in September ?' Five minuteB before I should have Baid ' No ' without the slightest hesitation ; but the outrageous vanity of tho man's manner tickled me. to the core. I felt ourloua to see those natives of Mangelwurzelflhiro to whom Mr. Dornoway-Dioko appeared to be a person of importance, and, moreover, I had not yet discovered whether 'he woro a wig or not. ' The worst part of a wig,' says the old riddle, ' as of love, is the parting;' but Mr. Dornoway-Dlcko'a parting was perfeot, and so delicato that one would havo almost said it had been effected by a female hand. Among tho simpler inhabitants of Arcadia he might tako less extreme precautions to deceive the publio ; and he certainly would not get his hair cut, ' if cut it ever was, so often. ' I will eomo to Dornoway Court with pleasure,' I said ; and on the appointed day I wont. Important as my host's position in the country may be, it is not my intention to describe ' Mr. Dornoway-Dicke at home,' as though he wero a publio character. Suffice it to say that he was better at home than abroad (or at least, in London) ; and as his family were pleasant people, and his house full of cheerful company,'! did not regret my vhit. Tho ' Court,' as he loved to call it, was, however, so peculiar that I must say a few words about it. It wos the only edifice with which I am acquainted whioh gratified one's sense of humour. It was quite spick and-span as respects e-oweoso, hut built and furnished iu the raediravnl style. A gravel drive, rolled to perfection, led up to a frowning ontrauce, with a huge oaken pcrtal, in whioh was inserted a littlo hole barred with iron for putposes of espial. Through tliie tho porter wao supposed, (though ho never did it) to take cognisance of the ap proaching visitor, and, if peaceful, to unbar the massive bolts of the great door to lot him in. Everything in tho houne was apparently of the same epoch, but in reality about three years did. In tho dining-room was a fireplace as big as an ordinary parlour, and before which one would not havo been surpriicd to 66e a pair of trunii-hoso airing, or a couplu of jack-bootc. Tho sldeboird, to the modern and inartistic eye, .resembled a kitchen dresi er ; whilo in the morning-room was c. epinning- wheel with the flas in it, an though tho thrifty housewifo had just been called away from that occupation to superin tend tho construction of a venison pasty, or to issue orders i or tho entertainment of tho company invited to the morro w's tournament. Theso ridiculous objeots, as I Boon die coverod, wero designed to persuade the public that the Domoway-Dickea thomselvoa wero modiaivol, and had resided at tho ' Court' for the last six hundred years. Whereas, as a matter of foot, they wero new-comers. In t ] ; couulry, oven though you aro diBia tly oonceoted with the peerage, this is a serious obstucle to ' position,' und the wholo of my host's gignntio intellect was concentrated on attaining it. He had been ' oalled upon' at once by every one iu the county within a circuit of twenty-five miieB, except One. I write it reverentially with a capital 0, for it was ' The Duke.' I am not of course Bpoaking of the. late Duke of Wellington ; in Mangelwurzelshire, aa in every, other oounty, the Duke was tho duko who lived there — his Graco of Turniplops. This divinity was still a young man, unmarried, and not much given to call on anybody ; and for three long years all the efforts of the Dornowsy-Diokes had been unavailing to induce him to honour the ' Court' with liiB august presence. Two months ago, however, ho had Bent his card by a mounted messenger, and one month ago — oh, joy of joys I— he had accepted an invitation to a garden party at tho house for one of tho very days on whioh I was to remain its guest. It was just after this gracious promise had been given thatMr.Dornoway-Dickehadmade his appearance at the olub, to mako arrange ments, with Gunter; and now that I knew the circumstances, I was not only not surprised at the magnificence of his deportment on that occasion, but astonished that he should have been so affiible as he was. My private imnression is that he asked me down to Dornoway Court not bo muoh from personal affection as to secure nn additional witness to his Booial triumph ; hut that is neither hero nor there. The Duke was comicg, and tho family were in a statu of excitement rare, I should hope, in Hanwell, and not habitually exhibited even at Broadmoor. ' The great subject of diaouBsion among them for weeks had beon, who waB to be invited to meet the Duke ? and it was not exhausted yet. Everybody — who wns any body — had beBu asked except tho Titba.ts ; and the knotty point that could not be sottled was whether these people Bbould bo asked or not. Captain and Mrs. Titbat were their immediate neighbours ; their lawn tennis gronnds were, in faot, oontiguous, and tho two families, though not absolutely' on a friendly footing, wero well known to ono another. Young Titbat, when a player was amntinir. had Eometimos ovou been invited to make up the porty at their favorite amUBement ; and when tho balls went over the wire fence that separated the - two domainB, the juvenile Titbats did not pretend (aa eomo young people would) that they wero lost, but would honestly chuck thom book again. Still, tho Titbat.s were not among the County Families, nor anything like it. Their efforts— far more desperate than those of the Dornoway-Diokes — had miserably and utterly failed in that direction. It was not so much that their mansion wns too Bmall to be reckoned as a country house, that their paddock could not by any strain of courteBy he called a park, or that their orna mental lake was an undeniable pond. There was something amiss — I nover could find out what — about Mrs. Titbat. She was a woman — I once b.held he.', and undor circumstances I can never forget— of large proportions and hirsute anpeot (indeed, oho had a very reopectable beard) ; her. complexion was rubicund, and to the un charitable might seem to iudlcate' that Bho indulged in liquor, though I never heard that she did so. Whatever wbb wrong with her had happened so long ago that it would havo been much better and kinder of her fellow-creatures to have forgotten it. But the faot remained that Mrs. Titbat was not ' visited,' nor would tlio Dornoway-D.'ckeo havo dreamed of asking hor to their g irdeu party except for that contiguity, to which I have refeired, of their lawn-tennis groundB. The Duke, it was known, was dovoted to tho game ; and it the two groundu could bo thrown imo one, it was felt by all the family that it would have been an immauBO improvement, mu couia scarcely oe aone, however, without asking Mrs. Titbat'B permission, and^; bIbo the pleasure of hei company ; and upon the whole it wag judged best to leave matters as they were. The wire fencing between.the two lawns was so very slight that they really looked to bo one and the same, fund as there was plenty of ground for tho Duko to play upou, he would probably nover discover that both the lawns did not belong to Dornoway Court. In the oourse of tho intimacy that existed between the junior members of the two families, the young Dornoway-Diokes, with a frankness characteristic of thoir age, had told tho young Titbats that tho Duke was coming on Friday to play lawn tennis, but that nono but tip-top (not Titbat) peoplo woro to be asked to meet him ; nor was even this the worst, for it had oertainly been hinted by elder memborB of the family, in view of the suggested amalgamation of tho tonniB grounds, that Buoh good neighbours ns Captain and Mrs. Titbat would oortainly be included in tho invitation list. To explain what follows I must add that Mrs. Titbat herself was firmly persuaded that she would be among the 'gnosts, and was transported with the idea of it ; for the being inked ' to ' mtet the Duko of Turniptops' (a« was stated on tho cards) was iu Mangelwurzelshire liko being presented at court, and at once both whitewashed and jgilded tho invited. Ona baB hoard of tbo ire of the tigr.ao when robbed of hor youug, but what is that when oompared with the stato of mind of ft lady of blemishod reputation who had persuaded herself that-it will be rehabilitated, and that in the most Bplondid fashion, and then suddenly finds that che hns been given tho aold Bhouldcr? Mrs. Titbat had actually ordered a dress from London in whioh to appear before his Graco of Turniptops, and the eight of it, ns it hnDg useless in her wardrobe, envenomed hor wholo being, as though she had worn it, and it had bsen tho garment of Ncbbub. Sho clutched tho skirts of Hopo to tho very last, but when Friday morning arrived, and no invitation bad eomo, it fled from her soul, and was replaced by tho desiro for vengoanco. If tho Dornoway-Diokes could but havo kuown what was passing? in that injured lady's mind, they might havo boon reminded of thoso warning lines vi lion our latest hope is tied, yo taito of our A^atairn by proof In Gome wild hour liow anci tlio wretched dure,' or oven if that quotation had not occurrad to them, I am quite auro they would havo asked her to their garden party even at that eleventh hour. ; Tho guoitB arrived, and in duo course— —that ia to sa.?, exceedingly late— the Duko. The meeting of his Grace and my host and hostess was positively affecting. I thought 'Mr. Dornoway-Dicke would never laave off shaking hia hand, and that his wife would have kissed it. However, he got away at last to luncheon. About twoTiundred people sat down to it, a select twenty on inediajval chairs, and the rest on much move- eo m tort able but common ones. A dozen of the last had been borrowed, days ago, by the housekeeper, without her roistross's knowledge, from the Titbats. The host enjoyed himself as most peoplo do undor similar circumstances ; that is to ? eay, be was intensely miserable and anxious, but buoyed up by tho thought that it would all bo over wosently, and he would have 'his friend the Duke of Turniptops' to talk about for the rest of his natural iif®. Afier luncheon wo all repaired to tho lawn tennis ground. ' What a capital lann you have 1' observed the Duko, ' and what a good plan that is of dividing your ground !' He was referring, of ccurso, to ino uuu fenoing. ' It was a plan of my ?wife's, observed Mr. Dornoway-Dicke ; for, as the other lawn was vacant, there was really no need to intimate that it belonged to Eoinebody else. A gilt youth of the oounsy and one of its gilt young lndios wore selected for one Bido, and bis Grace and Miss Dornoway-Dicke for the other. Tbe reBt of the company stood round in attitudeo of respectful. admiration. They wero just about to begin when the Duke obsorved, ' Hullo 1 what the deuce is this ?' Tho exclamation was caused by tho appear anoe of Mrs. Titbit, splendidly attired, and followed by ail hor jnaid-servants ; somo of them carricd baskets of linen, and others lines and olotbes-props. In the course of a few minutoa the wholo of the Titbat family linen wna hauainc on the line : some of tho articles wofo V'-ry pronounced in shape, and became much more so when inflated by tho breeze, which also (as they wero purposely hui)|/. close to the wiro fencing) carried their grscelul folds right over the Duke's head. Tho gamo was begun, but presently an immense petticoat, broko loose, and aftor eddying doubtfully f'o'r a fc 17 moments, settled upoutheDuke himself, who emerged from it with difficulty, and with a frig tful execration. He threw dewn hiB racket, and said something I could not catoh; indoed, I fled into a neighbouring arbour and gave myself up to suoh paroxysmB _o£ mirth as almost threatened mo with dis solution. I was conscious of great excitement among the company without, and heard what sounded liko the hurried departure of some of them, but I was positively inoapable of ascertaining what was going on. The vision of all Mangelwurzeishire'B noblest as they stood around that fatal placo, and pretended to ignore tho faot that the very firmament jwas darkened above thom by the Titbat family linen; and then tbe speotacle of that petticoat de scending upon hia Graoo's brow, and o£ himselt emerging from it, was always too much for mo. I sat in tho arbour and fairly wept. Presently, after several severe relapses, I becamo conscious of a companion. Beside me eat a little man, bald as a knob on the contra of a front door, and swearing softly, and as it wero thought fully, to himself. It was only by his voiae that I recognised Mr. Dernoway-Diolce. 'My dear Dicke,' I murmured, for I . felt it necessary to say something,' 'why . are-you here ? why aro you not entertain ing' — I did not venture to mention the Duke— ' your guests ?' 'He's gone,'' he said. It was plain he , was only thinking of one of -thom. 'It was all on account of that infernal Mrs. Titbat. It's her wn petticoat; it's marked with an M and a T.' I nodded, and held out xny hand ns though to entreat him to BpanC himself tho recital of tho catastrophe. I felt ready to expire. ' But aro all tho rest of tho people . gone ?' I murmured. 1 ' What do I care ? Yes. No.. ' What a terriblo day.' ' But, my dear Dielce,' I said, beginning sincerolv to citv him. ' it will nevor do for you tostop hero; you must not desort your frieude.' ? ' ' 'No, that's true,' he annwered, rising feebly and moving' towards the house. ' But you havo forgottou- something.' 'Havel? What? Oh yos, my wig.' It lay on tho floor of tho arbour where ho had flung it in his frenzy. Ho stooped and put it on mechanically and hind before. This I ventured to remedy, and he thanked me in feeling tonc3. 'Do you think ho will ever eomo again?' he whispered, eagerly. 'He was very angry. He thought they were our own clothes hung out to dry.-. I showed him the M. and tho T. But he would pay no attention. It is a dreadful blow.' A'nd it roally hurt poor Dornoway-Dioke exceedingly. He had not risen tho noxt morning whon I came up to town, and all tho family wero very much oppressed, as though there had been a death in the houso. Ho has been to tho olub once since, in a more beautiful wig than ever, but of coarse it can never doceivo »no. I asked, 'How are all at home ?' _ 'Pretty well, I thank you,' he said; ' that is, as well as can be exp.eted. He has nover boon near the place sinoe.' Of courso I know that by tho personal pronoun ho meant ' tho Duke.' A DiniKaraiMD audi long-windod PariB lawyer lately defended a criminal uniueoosil fully, and at the ond of the trial the judga reoaivod the following not. : ' The prisoher humbly prays that the time oocupied' by tho ploa of the council for the defence be counted in the Bentenoe.' 