THE REV. A. H. MACKONOCHIE. a. corresponaent writes to us as loiiows: — 'Hardly a week passes without Mr. Mic kouocbie's case beiDg cited. This being the cane I think in all fairness to him aud his party the enclosed should be made public, so that his view of the case should appear as well as those against him. May I then ask that you will give it a place in your valuable paper ? ' Subjoined is the document in question : — [Reprinted, with corrections, from the Standard of November 24, 1879.] Owing to the sentence of suspension pro nounced byLordPenzance uponMr.Mackonochie more than usual interest attached to the services which were conducted yesterday (November 23) in St. Alban's, Hoi born; but everything passed off quietly, and there was nothing in the nature of what could be termed a 'demon- stration.' The early services were conducted in the ordinary manner, and were well attended. At a quarter to 10 o'clock Mr. Kirkman, the omcer from Lord Penzsnce's Court, appeared at tbe northern entrance to the church for the purpose of fixing upon the doors the decree of suspension. He was met by Mr. Charles Powell, one of the Sidesmen, who asked him to come to the clergy- bou«e. This Mr. Kirkman did, and having reached the clergy-house the following protest was at once banded to him : — ' We, Henry Sidney Warr aud Howard Winstanley, Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Alban, Hoiborn, hereby protest against the affixing to the door of the church thereof of any decree or sentence of a civil or secular tribunal aasertiug for itself power in matters spiritual. The document which it is now proposed to affix to the church purports to be a sentence passed upon the Rev. Alexander Heriot Mackonochie, vicar of tbe said parish, of sugpension from his sacred ofiBw, aud issues from a tribuual wholly secular. Therefore we protest, as trustees for tbe parishioners in respect of all uses of this church, agaicst its being affixed to the door thereof — Dated this 23rd day of November, 1879\. -Henry Sidney Warr, People's Church warden; and Howard Winstanley, View's Churchwarden, of the said Parish of St. Alban, Hoiborn. Witnesses— Charles Powell and John D. Sedding, Sidesmen.' Mr. Kirkmtn cour teously received the protest, but said tbit he must do his duty, and accordingly he proceeded to affix the notice of suspen sion to the church-door. It wae not, hswever, long allowed to remain there. Some person, indignant at its having been placed there at all, seems to have torn it down ; but this action was not taken with the knowledge or the concurrence of the officials of the Church. At a quarter past 10 the Rev. Mr. Sinclair, one of the chap lains to the Bishop of London, arrived with His Lordship's licence authorizing him to take Mr. Mackonochie's place during the period of sus pension. Mr. Sinclair, who wan accompanied by Mr. Lee, the Eishop's Secretary, was imme diately conducted to the vestry, and here he was formally introduced by Mr. Lee to Mr. Mackonoebie. Rev. A. H. Mackouochie wore bn cassock, surplice, and stole, and stood ia tne centre of tbe apartment surrounded by his Churchwardens, hia Sidesmen, and hia Curates. Mr. Sinclair's licence having been produced, Mr. Mackonocbie made the following statement : — 'Reverend Sir— I regard, w in duty bound, with vtry great deference and respect the docu ment from His Lordnhip the Bishop of the Diocese, which has just been read to me. NoiwithJtaud iDg tbi.«, however, it is my «uty to God to refuse to recognise you or any other priest uot sanctioned by 'me to supersede me even for a time in tbe cure of soubi in thia parish. Tlie charge of sculs in this parish was duly and canonlcally committed to me by his Lordship's predecessor on the third day of January, 1853.; It is a charge as so given to- me by the Bishop of a purely spiritual character, conferred by him ?? not in hii private capacity, or as a State oQicer, but aa the successor of thetpostlea, and through th«m of Christ our LartJv who was himself sent by God the Father in the power of tbe Holy Ghost. Of the holding, using, and sur rendering of this power I must give accoant t* the Giver at tha hour of death and at the Day of Judgment. The office was given to me by God throngh tbe due and regular order of His C-hnreh, aud wbst has been given me by Him I dare not at the peril of my soul, give up, except to Him, acting according to the same due and rrgular ord«. Moreover, tha spiritual character of spiritual things ii fully recognised by the constitution of the realm In Church and 8tate, as may be plainly seen in HU Majesty s declaration at the begtoniug of the Articles of Religion in the book of Common Frajer and also in the thirty seventh of the** articles themselves. Now, I have not been suspended fr«m the office- thu» conferred uporvxno by any Coart which has like anthority from God to deprive me oi what He baa givea, or thereby to release m» from the re sponsibility of holding it and using it for Him to the be»t of my power, He being my Helper, ill He shall take it from me or call me to my account. Therefore I hereby declare that no priest has, or can have, any- right or power to niiuiftter in this church duriug my occupancy of the charge, save myself and any others whom I may authorize to otiiciate iu ray- stead. Dited «t the clergy-house, St. Alban the Martyr, Hoiborn, the 23rd day of November, 137!). — Alex. Heriot Muckonojhie, Victr.' After the reading of this document the llev. Mr. Sinclair raid that under the circumstances be would withdraw, and this he accordingly did, followed by Mr. Lee. Mr. Mackonoohie sub sequently proceeded with the celebration of Holy Commonion, using vestments, lights, &c;, as he did aforetime. Tbe morning, sermon, which had reference to the weather, was -preached by the Kev. A. H. Stanton. The evening sermon wa» delivered to a large congregation by Mr. Mackouochie himself. No reference was made in it to recent proceedings. To the Editor of the Standard. Sir— Mr. Mackouochie's determination to resist the anthority ot Lord Peuz^uce's Court, ou vrhich joa comment in your leadiag article of to-day, will doubtless shortly become- matter of common talk throughout England. The case is one in which iho real question at issue is peculiarly liable to be ooacured by thaiutluence of irrelevant considerations. Permit me, there fore, briefly to remind your readers for what it is that Mr. Mackonochie and the English Church Union are contending, and why many who do not sympathize with the ritual of St. Alban's, Hol boro, will yet be prepared to euppjrt the resistance of its clergy. In the first place, it mnst be remembered that the main point in dispute here is oot whether the chasuble or the surplice shall be the vest ment of the officiating priest in the celebration of the Holy Oommuition, or wlietker the east ward or the northward position ia. that which the mbriea contemplate ; still less is it whether ritualism shall advance or retreat ; least of all whether the clergy shall do whatsoever is good in their own eyes, or be amenable to control. The real question at issue goes far deeper. It is simply whether, according to the constitu tion of this Church and kingdom, Farliameut, without the assent of the Convocations, can erect a Court whicln shall have power to paw spiritual sentences on ministers of the Church. It it of peculiar importance that this point should be cleared from all ambignHy. A clergy man enjoys the temporalities of bis benefice, aa all private perron* enjoy their private property, under the guarantee of the State. With these , temporalities tbe State has the same right to interfere as it bat, in case of necessity, to dis pose of the property of individuals. The right of Parliament to erect a Court with power to suspend clergymen a tienefcio-h therefore not at issue hera. On the other hand, a clergyman has certain spiritual functions with which it is contended that tbe State as- such can have no claim to interfere. They are given by tbe Church, sad it is only by tbe Church, ? r those to whom the Church hu given uthority. *- act in her hebatf , that they cau be aken aw»y. The right of the Church to judgs in spiritual matters is distinctly recognised ia the Reformation Concordat. The conclusion, therefore, is that no Act* of Parliament can, without- tbe consent of- the Church, empower ' any Coart to suspend & clergyman ah ojfldo. Such i» the argument of those who. whether they agree with him in all points or not, sym paihiw with Mr. Mackoaocbie in his determina tion to disregard the action of Lord Petulance's Court ; and such is the simple question at prt-ftent at issue in the St. Alban's case. Whichever side your readers may take, one thing, I think, must be clear, viz., that we have here tio comparatively unimportant dispute con cerning rites and eeremonies, but a constitu tional question as grave as that which would be raised were one of the Houses of Parliament alone to claim to legislate for tbe nation. To , bring this fact into prominence hu been tbe sole object of this letter, and I shaft, therefore, not presume to offer any arguments which might tend to settle either in one direction or the other the important question thus at issue. — I am, Sir, you- obedient servant, A LAYMAN. November 21. 