A BRAKEMAN'S IDEAS OF CHURCHES. On the road once more, with Lebanon fading away in the distance, the fat passenger drumming idly on the window pane, the cross passenger sound asleep, and the tell, thin passenger reading " General Grant's Tour Around the World." To me comes the brakeman, and seating himself on the arm of the seat says : "I went to church yesterday." "Yes?" I said, with that interested inflection that asks for more. "And what church did you attend?" Which do yon guess ?" he asked. Some union mission church T' I hazarded. " Naw," he said, " I don't like to run on these branch roads very much. I don't often go to church, and when I do, I want to run on the main line, where your run is regular and you go on schedule time, and don't have to wait on connec- tions. I don't like to run on a branch. Good enough, but I don't like it." Episcopal ?" I guessed. _ " Limited express," he said, " all palace cars and two dollars extra for a seat, fast time and only stop at the big stations. Nice line, but too exhaustive for a breakman. All train men in uniform, conductor's punch and lantern silver-plated, and no train boys allowed. Then the passengers are allowed to talk back at the conductor, and it makes them too free and easy. No, I couldn't stand the palace cars. Rich road, though. Don't often hear of a receiver being appointed for that line. Some mighty nice people travel on it too." UniversaJist V' I suggested. " Broad gauge," said the brakeman ; " does too much complimentary business. Everybody travels on a pass. Conductor doesn't get a fare once in fifty miles. Stops at all flag stations and wont run into anything but a union depot. Train orders are rather vague, and the train men don't get along well with the passengers. No, I don't go to the Universalist, though good men run on that road." "Presbyterian?" I asked. " Presbyterian, eh 1" said the brakeman, " pretty track, straight as a rule; tunnel right through a mountain rather than go around it; spirit-level grade; passengers have to show their tickets before they get on the train. Mighty strict road, but the cars are a little narrow; the seats are stiff and no room in the aisle to dance. Then there iB no stop over tickets allowed; got to go straight through to the station you're ticketed for, or you can't get on at all. When the car's full no extra coaches, and nobody else allowed on. But you don't often hear of an accident on that road. It's run tight up to the rules." May be you joined the Freethinkers ? " I said. " Scrub road," said the brakeman, "dirt road bed and no ballast; no time card and no train dispatcher. All trains run wild, [and every engineer makes his own time, just as he pleases. Smoke if you want to ; kind of a go-as-you-please road. Too many side tracks, and every switch wide open all the time. Get on as you please and get off when you want to. Don't have io show your tickets, and the conductor isn't expected to d« anything but amuse the passengers. No, sir, I was offered a pass, but I don't like the line. I don't like to travel on a road that has no terminus. Do you know, Bir, I asked a division superintendent where that road run to, and he said he hoped to die if he knew. I asked him who he reported to, and he said' nobody.' I asked a conductor who ho got his orders from, and he said he didn't take orders from any living man or dead ghost. And when I asked the engineer who he got his orders from, he said he'd like to see anybody give him orders ; he'd run that train to suit himBelf, or he'd run it into the ditch. Now you Bee, sir, I'm a railroad man, and I don't care to run on a road that has no time, makes no connections, runs nowhere, and has no superintendent. It may be all right, but I've railroaded too long to understand it." " Did you try the Methodist I" I said. "Now you're shouting," he said with some enthusiasm. " Nice road, eh 1 Fast time and plenty of passengers. Engines carry a power of steam, steam gauge shows a hundred and enough all the 'time. Lively road; when the conductor shouts All aboard,' ypu can hear him to the ,next station. Every train light shines like a headlight. Stopover checks are given bn all through tickets; passenger can drop off the trainasoften as he likes, do the station two or three days, and hop on the next revival train that comes thundering along. Good, wholesouled, companionable conductors; ain't a road in the country where the passengers feel more at home. No passeB ; every passenger pays full traffic rates for his ticket. Wesleyanhouse air brake on all trains, too; pretty Bafe road, but I didn't ride over it yesterday." "Maybe you went to the Congregational Church?" I said. " Popular road," said the brakeman; "and old road too; one of the very oldest in this country. Good road bed and comfortable cars. Well managed road, too ; directors don't interfere with division superintendents and train orders. Road's mighty popular, but it's pretty independent too. See, didn't one of the division superintendents down east discontinue one of the oldest stations on this line two or three years ago ? But it's a mighty pleasant road to travel on. Always has such a splendid class of passengers." "Perhaps you tried the BaptistP" I guessed once more. " Ah, ha! " £ said the brakeman, " river road ; beautiful curves ; sweep around anything to keep close to the river; but it's all steel rail and rock ballast, single track all the way, and not a side track from the round houBe to the terminus. Takes heap of water to run it through, double tanks at every station, and there isn't an engine in the shops that can pnll a pound or run a mile with less than two gauges. It runs through a lovely country ; these river roads always do. Yes, sir, I took the river road. And yesterday when the conductor came around for the tickets with a little basket punch, I didn't ask him to pass me, but I paid my fare like a little man—twenty-five cents for an hour's run, and a little concert by the passengers throwed in; I teli you, Pilgrim, you take the river road when you want " But just here the long whistle from the engine announced a station, and the brakeman hurried to the door, shoutin?— "Zionsville! TKs train makes no stops between here and Indianapolis! "— Burlington Hawkeye. 