THE CONTRIBUTOR. BELLS. Whatever may be the merits or defects of this family, members of it are to be found in every quarter of the globe; cities, towns, villages, palaces, prisons, churches, hotels, and the ships on the bosom of the ocean are all provided with bells. Like the human species generally, the race of bells varies in statnre, bulk, and speech. There are dwarfs among them—puny, little things, with tinkling voices; and there are also giants—huge, corpulent fellows,twenty feet high and forty or fifty feet round, speaking with tre mendous toneB, perfectly dinning to the ear unless distance modifies the sound. The antiquity of the family cannot be pre cisely ascertained; but long antedated the most ancient of our oldest families in the mother-country, and was in existence—making a noise in the world, too—before Greek or Boman were heard of, even in the days of old Assyria and at the time when Israel was wander ing in the desert. Som./ indeed, have gravely referred its original paternity to the great artificer in brass and iron before the flood, Tubal Gain; and upon the same authority we have it that Noah employed the first of the pro geny while building the ark to summon his car penters to their work. Bells, to drop the metaphor, are first heard of amonast the ancient Persians. They were made of gold and appended to the royal costumes of their kings. Bronze bells were found by Mr. Layard in a chamber of the - palace of Nimrod, apparently intended for horse and chariot furniture; and upon the metal being analyzed it was found to contain one part of tin toten parts of copper. It is curious to teflect'ttM If the tin, at isprobible,camb from | Phoenicia, it may have been exported from Britain, so that Cornish .metal perchance jingled , in the streets of Nineveh. Soup bells of this kind, rang by hiand, sonnded in the markets) temples, and camps of the primitive world, summoned gnests to the feasts, proclaimed the march of time, sonnded the alarm of battle; and announced victory. From a passage in " Macbeth" it may be in ferred that in tne sixteenth century something larger than the domestic handbell was in use:— " Go, bid thy mistress, when the drink is ready, She strike upon the bell." It was not nntil the present century that the simple practice of ringing a bell in a horizontal direction by means of a crank and a piece of wire became at all common, and .that bellhang ing in the same way was introduced into the rooms of dwellings. Very different, however, from these pigmies of the race are their gigantic brotherhood introduced to belfry and steeple, and to the towers of the public buildings of our day. _ Some examples may be singled out from the list of those of great imagnitude, ecclesiastical and secular. One of the yonngest of the group, born in 1862, is the Victoria, at the Town Hall, Leeds, and which tolled mournfully for Lord Macaulay and Edward Baines. It is six feet two inches wide, six inches thick, and weighs, exactly four tons one cwt. It is hung for ringing in fnll swing, and is the largest bell in England rung in that manner. No other tower, perhaps, would bear the operation with such a weight, though it is well known that the tone is then finer and less monotonous than from the ordinary striking. It sounds the note B natural. The great bell of St. Paul's, in the south tower, struck hourly by the hammer of the clock, is nine feet wide, and weighs five tons two ewt. It bears the inscription, " Bichard Phelps made me, 1716." The clapper is one hundredand twenty lbs. weight. It lies idle, except on the occasion of the death of a member of the Boyal Family, a Bishop of the Diocese, a Dean of the Cathedral, or a Lord Mayor of London. The sound of the bell is overpowered, at a very moderate distance, by the noise of the streets. Tom of Lincoln, re-cast in 1835, considered a good bell, is an inch wider than St. Paul's, weighs 5 tons S ewt., and hangs in one of the solemn towers of the Cathedral. His namesake, Tom of Oxford, in the gate-tower of Christ church, is 6 feet 9 inches high, 7 feet 1 inch wide, weighs 7 tons 11 cwt., and every evening at 9 tolls 101 times in commemoration of the number of scholarships with which the College is endowed. Originally this bell was named Mary, in honour of Queen Mary, bestowed by Tresham, the Chancellor, at the beginning ef her reign. It had a beautiful tone when first placed in the tower, but its voice faltered, and it is now as inharmonious as can well be imagined, giving rise to the suspicion that it is somewhere cracked, like its brother of Lincoln. Peter of Vork, in the Minster, cast in 1845, is 7 feet 2 inches in height, 8 feet 4 inches wide, and weighs 10 tons 15 cwt. Seventeen tons of metal were melted for it, and was run into the mould in seven minutes. It took fourteen days in cooling before the clay mould was removed from it. The clapper, made at one of the Yorkshire foundries, weighs 400 lbs, and is beautifully worked in wrought iron. The oaken stock in which the bell is fitted, with its bolts, weighs 3 tons. It is said to require fifteen men to ring the bell, The total cost amounted to £2.000, which was subscribed by the citizens of York. But, alas for civic libe rality and ambitioD, the great Peter is a notorious failure. Big Ben of Westminster, ensconced in the highest and stateliest clock tower in the world, weighs 13| tons, has a hammer of 7 cwt., and Bpoke for the first time in the summer of 1860. This bell was a repro duction. The first of the name was made at Norton near Stockton in the North, and had scarcely reached its destination and uttered a few notes when it craoked. It was laid aside in one corner of Palace-yard, and suffered execu tion by means of an iron ball weighing close npontwo tons, raised to the height of thirty feet, and then suffered to fall upon the victim. Two pieces, one of about a ton, the other some what smaller, were struck out at the first blow, and with a crazy bellow poor Ben gave up the ghost. Messrs. Mears & Co., of London, used up the fragments in the manufacture of a second bell, but the new production 1ms similarly given way. Indeed such incidents are of frequent occurrence. The great bell of Notre Dame at PariB was cast three times in about six years, before a satisfactory result was obtained. The great bells of the world are in foreign countries. Thus, one at Vienna, cast in 1711, from the cannon left by the Turks when they raised the siege of the city, is ten feet high, thirty-one feet round, has a tongue of 1,100 lb, and weighs over 17 tons. Nankin in China has one weighing 22 tons, and Pekin one of 53 tons. Still the grand examples are in BusBia, where a taste for large metal castings is characteristic of the people, and has existed for ages. At Mos cow, the bell in the tower of St. Ivan's Church is twenty-one feet high, fifty-four feet round, and weighs 57 tons. Its tongue is 4,200 lb., and requires the united strength of three men to sway it from side to side, for all the Russian bells are immovable, and only the clappers are swung to and fro. Its mighty voice is only heard three times a year, yet it subdues the noise of the city, and booms like the rolling of distant thunder. The king of bells, however, is to be found in the Kremlin. It is 21 feet high, 67 feet round, nearly two feet thick at the greatest, and has the enormons weight of 198 tons! This monster of the bell family was cast by order of the Empress Anne, in 1734, from the metal of a huge predecessor, but is now silent and frac tured. According to tradition, it fell from the beam to which it was fixed, and was broken by the fall; while deeply buried in the ground by its own weight. In 1837 the present Emperor's fatter raised it, and placed it on a low circular wall, which place has since become consecrated as a chapel, the bell itself forming the dome. It is computed that in England there ate no less than 50 peals of 10 bells, 360 of eight bells, 500 peals of six bells, and 250 peals of five bells. The heaviest peal are those at the Exeter Cathe dral. Mr. Gatty, the famous bellringer, states that eight bells form the most perfect peal, and shows by a certain arrangement of num bers how three bells can ring six changes; for every time a peal rang round, a change can be made the order of some one bell, thereby causing a change in the succession of the notes. These changes increase enormously with the number of the bells. Thus a peal of four will ring four times as many as three, or twenty-four; one of five, five times as many as. four, or 120; and the progression advances at such a tremendous rate that twelve bells will give 479,001,600 changes. Soutbey calculated that these would take ninety-one years to ring, at the rate of two strokes to a second, or ten rounds to a minute. "The changes upon fourteen bells," be re marked, " could not be rung through at the same rate in less than 16,575 years." The largest bell at present iu the Australian Colo nies is fixed in the tower of the PoBt-Office, Melbourne. Atha. 