AN EXPLODED GHOST STORY. To the Editor. Sir,—It is now over forty years ago that I read the story of "Fisher's Ghost" in TEGG'S MAGAZINE, published in Sydney at that time. The tale is accepted all over the world as a truthful, and consequently a reliable statement; and has been translated into many languages. I possess a wonderfully retentive memory, and have had the pleasure of repeating the story in many parts of the world, as constituting one of the most surprising instances on record, on the part of Divine Provi- dence, in His mysterious ways of bringing murderers to condign punishment. I had a few days' leisure during the latter part of the Christmas holidays, and to pass away the interval of time before resuming my duties at the beginning of the New Year, I concluded to take a pedestrian tour through the country in the neighbourhood of Campbelltown. On arriving at the above ancient borough, I made up my mind to pass away a few hours in rambling around the town, and seeing the lions. The first thing that struck me was that I must embrace the opportunity and visit the scene of "Fisher's Ghost," and to find an old "Campbell- tonian Pioneer " to point out the identical spot that for half a century has been deemed a kind of sanctum sanctorum among all lovers of the marvellous. Passing by the Jolly Miller, one of the oldest hotels in town, I perceived an old and venerable looking gentleman sitting in the porch. I entered into conversation with him, and found that he was Mr. George Fieldhouse, the proprietor of the hotel. Mr. Fieldhouse is a pioneer of Campbelltown, and is now over 80 years old. His mental faculties seem to me, in spite of his age, to be unimpaired, and his memory is decidedly good. The only drawback that he labours under is a slight deafness. l asked Mr. Fieldhouse to be kind enough to show me the spot immortalised in story, where the ghost of Fisher made its appearance. To my astonishment Mr. Fieldhouse stated most emphatically that there never was a "Fisher's ghost," or any other ghost in Campbelltown, at any time or in any place, or under any circumstances. The account, he observed, published in TEGG'S MAGAZINE, was a fabulous tissue of falsehoods, and that he, George Fieldhouse, is conversant with the whole affair, and knew intimately all the actors connected with the tragedy. I will now, with your kind permission, proceed to give Mr. Fieldhouse's version of Fisher's murder; consequently those of your readers who have read the article entitled "Fisher's Ghost," will perceive a wide difference between the two accounts. A man named Farley had been for several days, after Fisher had mysteriously disappearance, suffering from a severe fit of delirium tremens, and just a little before dark he was crossing the bridge, shouting, and blas- pheming in a most fearful manner. Among other things that Farley shouted out in his in- coherent ravings, was that he saw Fisher or his ghost. The ravings of the drunken man attracted little or no attention from his neighbours, excepting one or two, who casually remarked, that Farley most likely saw a person whose name is never mentioned to ears polite. A week after Farley's recovery from the horrors, Gilbert, a blackfellow, was by the merest accident going down the creek, back of Fisher's property (now known as Hurley's), and discovered a dead body in a water hole, which was identified as being the body of Fisher. A man by the name of Worrild, from various causes, was suspected of being the murderer. Worrild was arrested, tried, and convicted, on purely circumstantial evidence, and at the last moment confessed the crime. My informant added, that during the inquest and through the whole process of the trial, there was nothing said about a ghost in any shape or form, or even hinted at, and the only conclusion that I can come to (supposing Mr. Fieldhouse is correct, and I see no reason why I should doubt his statement) is that the writer, in TEGG'S MAGAZINE must have drawn pretty liberally on his imagination for his facts, and has thus sold at least three generations of readers, and among others, the humble writer of this communication. And thus the romance connected with the tale of "Fisher's Ghost," dissolves, like, the baseless fabric of a vision, and I left, Campbelltown a wiser, but sadder man. P. LUCIEN BUDDIVENT. Bellfield, Cabramatta, January, 1880._ The following are from our English con- temporary :- REMARKABLE LONGEVITY.-Tho follow-' ; ing particulars, which I extract from tho: MQNTHLy, CHRONICLE for ,tho year 1729,-, p. 27, aro worthy of noto : Fob. 2. This ovening was buried at Saint . Giles's, Crinplefrata, tho corps of ono John-.... \- "Whito, aged ldt years. 'Tho churgo .of tho intorniont was homo by a certain aontloman, who proour'd oighfe men ot 100 years old and' upwards j ,t\yo of thom to walk before tho corpa, , and tho otlior six to hold up tho pall. Ho gava, to each of. thom a suifc of clothes, and threo! shillings in money." Somo readers of " N. & Q." may be ablo to confirm this statement of a strang»' " gathoring of centenarians 150 years ago. ÀBHBA. . CDUIOUS MARRIAGE BILL.-Tho follow ? ing is certainly worth a note : " A Bill was brought into tho Commons that a man might havo as many wives as ho pleased, not oxcooding twolvo, by Mr. Mullet." ¿A lottor in tho possession of Sir Harry Vorn ey, " Bart., _ datod Nov. 18, 1075 : Hist. . MSS. Commission, Sovcnth Report, p. 493 (a). ¿ G. L. GOMME. STOPPING TEETH WITH GOLD.-Sir J. Gardiner Wilkinson, in his "Popular Ac count of tho Ancient Egyptians, Lond., Murray, 1874, vol. ii p. S50, states : "And it is a Bingnlar fact that thoir dentista adopted a mothod not vory long practised in Europe of stopping tooth with gold, proofs of- whioh havo boon obtained from some , mummios of Thobos." I romomber soma timo ago also seeing in the Mayer Museum ot Livorpool tho jawbone of an ancient Egyptian with a false tooth secured by a poldon wiro. Leeds. A. W. M. A MOTTO FOU A PEPPER-POT.-Porhapa . ~ tho eightieth lino of Tonnyson's "Edwin' " Morris" might do for a legend on C. R, W.V pepper-pot : " Snee«o out a. full God-bless-you right and left." ST. SWITHIN, Peppercorn rout. ED. MARSHALL. "WHITE GOODS."-Tho roadors of " Helen's Babies" do notnood to bo reminded that TJnolo Harry definos himself as a salesman of " whito poods." Will somo ono of them (American preferred) take pity on a benighted Englishwomen who does not soil goods of any hno, and toll m£ what is meant by those mysterious terms ? If I hoard that A. B. Bold red goods, I should not know whether ho dealt in army doth or geraniums (I was j^bout to say tomatoes,. but thoso dear consistent vegetables come from, the tffecn-grocor) ; and I want toicnow if "whito goods" E- oints to Maltese dogs, satin-wood furniture, ^silver rooehes, book muslin, ptarmigan, or note papon HBRMENTRTJDE. DIAMOND WEDDINGS.-^TIÎO notos on "Sovonty Yoars of Weddod Lifo' ' (ante, pp. 45,138) romisd mo that tho TIMES for somo day in tho summor of 1878 containod a tologram from Donmark, stating that ono oouplo in a small villago thorp had just colobrated their diamond wedding {i.e. tho soventy-llfth anni versary) and that anothor eouplo would do so in a f ow days. During 10 yoars about sis or sovon diamond woddings had boen celebrated in tho samo village. Are thero any such rccordsin England? FEBDERICIC E. SAWYER. 