Till-: EDUCATION QUESTION IN VICTORIA. Tiik -<ij)(*iiin<4’ °f the Parliamentary cam paign in Victoria necessarily brings a, number of questions to tlie surface which, amid the fierce turmoil of a general elec tion were seemingly left in abeyance. We say seemingly, because, although not prominently discussed during the party strife of a struggle more remarkable lor personalities than for argument, some of them bad undoubtedly a share in privately influencing the choice ol the electors. Among these is the question of State Edu cation, whose still unsettled condition has had much to do with the downfall of the Perry Ministry, and with the elevation to office of Mr. Service and his colleagues. The Catholics of Victoria as of New South Wales, Queensland and South Aus tralia, feel themselves justly aggrieved by lining compelled, as taxpayers, to support a so-called “ National” system of educa tion of which they cannot conscientiously avail themselves, and amounting, in its present form, to a kind ol legalized robbery analogous to the iniquitous levying of “Church rates” in Ireland, previous to the passing ol Mr. Cuadstonk’s Desistablish lnent hill. It was not likely that an im portant section of any community, much less that the Catholics of Victoria, who constitute considerably over a third ol the whole population, would unresistingly sub mit to treatment socially so contumelious and so injurious to their material interests. Accordingly, ever since the passing ol the Education Act of 1862, the whole of their political influence has consistently been ex erted in favor of the political party from whom, according to the varying conditions of the moment, there was most reason to look for an instalment of the justice which the existing state of the law denied them. It may perhaps be objected that it is highly undesirable for any section of the electoral body to be guided under all circumstances and on all occasions by the pursuit of one solitary aim ; and there is, doubtless, much force in the objection. But men who are smarting under a burning sense of wrong can hardly be expected to exercise that nice sense of discrimination in steering their course between men and principles which the momentary exigencies of the state would otherwise have enjoined. Their whole thoughts are taken up with the duty of seeking and obtaining redress ; and if the absorbing nature of the task at times bo [ trays them into errors and inconsistencies, the fault lies, not with them, but with the imperious and reckless majority who in sisted on carrying their “ secular” crotchet at all risks, and who have thus created a hitter antagonism where in the general interest it was desirable that the heartiest political cooperation should ever prevail. If the community at large are losers by tin's one-sided limitation of the field of political action now open to Catholic elec tors, equally so are the hitter themselves. Their conscientious allegiance to the be hests of their Church in all matters re lating to faith and morals has more than once been basely played upon and taken advantage of by politicians to whom conscience and faith arc impossible conceptions. The Kekfoud Ministry of 1875, the short-lived Berry- Ministry of 1878, the McCulloch-Bamsay Cabinet who ruled the colony from October, 1875, to May, 1877, and the second Berry Ministry, with Major Smith as Minister for Public Instruction, whose reign has just come to a close;, successively won and held their positions on the strength of ex pectations which they artfully contrived to raise in the minds of their Catholic con stituents. In a ease of this kind there neon he no self-committal by actual promise or pledge. The experienced political Itack knows full well that to men placed in the positions of the Catholic electoral body in an Australian colony of being taxed for the support of schools professedly secular, but in reality constituting a powerful anti religious propaganda, and of being at the same time precluded from any acceptable participation in the expenditure thus in equitably provided for—that to men so situated a mere expression of sympathy, a mere acquiescence in the grievousness of their wrong, and intimation of a desire that a remedy for it might yet be found, will suffice, without any more explicit assurance, to win golden opinions for the candidate who plays this trump. It is one of the ugliest blots on Mr. Graham Berry’s chequered career, that by half utterances of this description lie contrived to retain until up to the eve of the late elections the support of a largo; section of the Catholic voters. Not until the battle call had been actually sounded did lie throw off the mask and, in the illusory hope of recruiting his waning popularity, declare himself unequivocally in favor of retaining, unaltered, the injurious educational system he had pretended to condemn. .From that moment bis doom and that of In's Cabinet was sealed. The Catholic vote which in Victoria can always turn the issue of nil election, was cheerfully accorded to the Opposition party, not so much for any very sanguine hopes that their possible advent to power was calculated to inspire, as because they represented the very antipodes of the faithless clique who had arrogated to themselves the name of Liberals. It is to be Imped for tin; sake of orderly, honest, and prudent Government as embodied in the Service Cabinet, that the latter will know better than to emulate the treachery of their predecessors on the question of Catholic education. They are even more strongly, if not, perhaps, more explietly, pledged than were the Berryite party to remove the educational disability under which a full third of the population are laboring, and on the mode in which they acquit themselves of this obligation their longer or shorter continuance in office largely depends. Fortunately, Ictus hope, for their ability to carry these good intentions into effect, the Victorian Education Act itself supplies, in the feature known as u Pay ment by Results,” a ready means by which the claim of the Catholic community to share, without detriment to their religion, in the departmental expenditure on educa tion, could be satisfied. A very slight amendment of the existing law would suffice for this purpose ; and by effecting such amendment, the new Ministry would earn the credit of having been the first to per ceive that the “ results” aimed at and attained by Catholic education are equally with others deserving of the recognition and support of the State. Here in Queensland Catholics have to complain of a similar injustice to that which galls and goads their co-religionists in Victoria; and although they have not yet, like them, made the redress of their educational grievance a test question at the ballot-box, it is not for any want of con sciousness of their injured position or of due appreciation of the advantages of which they have been wrongfully deprived. Abun dant evidence of the earnestness of their abhorrence of the {State system and of their devoted loyalty to the cause of Catholic education is to be found in the fact that in every considerable township in the colony they have erected, and are maintaining at their own expense, schools in which their conscientious convictions arc satisfied. Hitherto they have refrained from making their political support conditional upon a recognition of the justice and urgency of their claims, and have everywhere supported the best men, irrespective of their opinions on this question. But it would be a mis take to suppose that in pursuing this policy—which +t. bitterest adversaries Mission at Roma.—The Rev. Father Henne hery nvIH commence liis mission in Roma on to-morrow. lie will be assisted by the Rev J. J. Horan and the Rev. D. <T. Byrne. After having finished at Roma, he will pro ceed to St. George. His Lordship the Bishop.—His Lordship left town yesterday for the Downs whence he will proceed, after a short stay, to Roma for the purpose of assisting at the mission and administering Continuation there. Pkntkcost Sunday.—Last Sunday, the feast of Pentecost, the Right Rev. Dr. O’Quinn preached at the Cathedral both in the morn ing and in the evening. The subject of his discourse in the morning was the “ Descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostles, and the Birth of the Church of Jesus Christ,” and in the evening he selected for his text the words of Christ to His Apostles : “ Go, teach ye all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and be hold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.” New Regulation eok the Pew-holders of St. Stephen’s Cathedral.—We refer those of our readers who belong to the Cathedral parish, to a notice in our advertis ing columns by which they will observe that they can reach their pews in future only by entering the church by either of the side doors. Strangers and others who have not rented sittings in the Cathedral, can also go in by the side doors provided they contribute one shilling. All others are to go in by the front door. The space occupied by tin; rented seals is rendered inaccessible from the front entrance by bars accross the nave and aisle passages. These regulations have been rendered necessary by' the too ireipiont occur ence of individuals, who have no sittings in the church, occupying the places of seat holders who have thus been very seriously inconvenienced. able to secure the kind services of a number of competent lecturers, so as to have a lecture once a fortnight. He hoped that the members on their part would take care that there would always be full attendance at the lectures, because! such attendance would beneiit themselves, and would be a proof of the interest they took in the cause of temperance. Mr. J. H. Fitzgibbon was pleased to hear of the resumption of the lecture meetings, and promised to give the iirst of the new series. A vote of thanks to Ilis Lordship terminated the proceedings. Exciting Soknk in thk Supukmk Court.— An exciting scene occurred, last Wednesday, in the Supreme Court. At the conclusion of the suit Brookes v. Swanwick, which resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff, the defendant’s brother, Mr. Sydney Swanwick was observed to take up a menacing attitude towards Mr. S. W. Cirillith Q.C., the counsel for the plain tiff". Mr. Criliith claimed the protection of the Court and Mr. Swanwick was apprehended, when a revolver and sheath-knire were found in his possession. After much excitement he was sentenced by Mr. .Justice Harding to im prisonment during the pleasure of the Court. On Thursday Mr. Swanwick wrote a very humble apology to the -Judge. He has not, however, been yet liberated. Catnour Litkkary Socikty.—Several un successful attempts have been made to estab HmIi a Catholic young men’s literary associa tion in Brisbane. Notwithstanding past failures the young men are about to try again, and it is hoped that this time their efforts will be crowned with success. The new Society is under the special patronage of IIis Lordship the Bishop who has desired Father Breen to undertake its organization. A first meeting was held on Tuesday even ing in St. Stephen's school. The attendance! was not large, hut those who were present seemed thoroughly in earnest. The mem bers will meet every Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in St. Stephen’s school. The busi ness for the present will consist in debates, essays, and recitations. The dehate for next Tuesday evening will he. on the question “ Which was the greater general—Napoleon or Wellington V” The only tiling wanting to make the Society a success is a good roll of members. Young men wishing to join will do well to attend at St. Stephen’s on next Tuesday evening. Tun SoVKItKION PoNTIKK AND THU BlSlIOPS. —A correspondent writes to us as follows : “ Would you he good enough to explain in tin! next A uxlralian, the. respective positions of the Supreme Pontiff and the Bishops of the Catholic Church V 1 desire such an ex planation because you stated in last Saturday week’s issue, ill your remarks about, a speech of the Bishop of Nottingham, that a. Catholic Bishop “ has an independent jurisdiction and is not a mere delegate even of the Holy Father." We have mindi pleasure in afford ing mir correspondent. the. explanation he de sires. instating < hot a Bishop had an “ inde pendent jurisdiction."our obvious meaning was \- not that a 1 usliop is independent, of the Holy Katina-, rote// hut 11lat his jurisdiction is ordi narv and md delegated. hvery Catholic knows that tie- Pope is the head of the whole. Church comprising both pastors and people. 11 is position towards' the Bishops is thus laid down in lln- Vatican Constitution “ Castor /Kternus," (bap. in: “ Wherefore rest ing on “plain (esiininmes of the Sacred Writings, “and in agreement with both the plain and “express decrees of our predecessors, the “ Roman Bout id’s, and of the. General Coun “ eils, We renew 1 he definition of the (Ecu “ menical Council of Florence, in virtue of “ which all the faithful of Christ must be “ lieve that the Holy Apostolic Sec and the “ Roman Pontiff possesses the Primacy over the “ whole, world, and that the Roman Pontiff is “ the successor of Blessed Peter, Prince of the | “Apostles, and is true Vicar of Christ, and “ Head of the whole Church, and Father and I “teacher of all Christians; and that full j “ power was given to him in Blessed Peter to | “rule, feed, and govern the Universal Church j “by Jesus Christ our Lord ; as is also eon ! “ tained in the Acts of the General Councils “and in the Sacred Canons. Further We “ teach and declare that by the appointment j “ of our Lord the Roman Church possesses ! “ the chief ordinary jurisdiction over all other | “ Churches, and that this power of jurisdiction “ possessed by the Roman Pontiff being Irulv “episcopal is immediate ; which all, both pas “ tors and faithful, both individually and eol “ lectively, are bound, by their duty of hier “ archival submission and true obedience, to “ obey, not merely in matters which belong “ to faith and morals, but also in those that “ appertain to the discipline and government “ of the Church throughout the world, so that “ the Church of Christ maybe one Hock under “ one supreme pastor through the preservation “ of unity both of communion and of profes “ sion of the same faith with the Roman Pon “ tiff. This is the teaching of Catholic truth “ from which no one can deviate, without loss “ of faith and of salvation. But so far is this “ power of the. Supreme Pontiff from being “ any prejudice to tin' ordinary power of cpis “ copal jurisdiction, by which the Bishops “ who have been set by tin* Holy Spirit to “succeed and hold the. place of the Apostles “ feed and govern, each his own Hock, as true “ Pastors, that this episcopal authority is rcall}' “ asserted, strengthened, and protected by “ the supreme and universal Pastor ; in aeeor “ dance with the. words of S. Gregory the “Great: My honour is the honour of the “whole Church. My honour is the firm “ strength of my Brethren, lam then truly “ honoured, when due honour is not denied to “ each of their number.” The New Government axp Ikki.an'ic— Good news conics in us by telegram I'rom the old land. It is announced that the new Go vernment are about, to adopt measures tor the relief of the distress prevailing in Ireland and with a view to prevent, a. recurrence of it* present miserable, condition. What will be the specific character of these measures we are not told, but it may fairly be surmised that they will contain a, revision of the land laws. It is now admitted everywhere that the condition of Irish tenant land holders is a scandal to the civilized world. The Irish land belonged to the Irish people until it was confiscated by successive miserupuions 111011 arehs or parliaments and yiven over to their soldiers or favourites, between the usurpers and the ancient ra.ee then' lias never been n cordial sympathy. The former have never coast'd to regard the latter as beasts of burden created for their service, and to imayine that they wore wood only for siptee/.my as much as possible from the soil and handiny over its price to them. To compare the Irish landlord system to feudalism is unjust to feudalism which had several redeeming leatures, whereas Irish landlordism has none. The system of serfdom which prevailed in Kussia until the present < V.ar abolished it, bears <‘i closer resemblance to the Irish system. d lie Irish landlord, like the Ku.s.-ban baron as lie was, is protected on every side by law, whih' the unfortunate tenant, like the poor i\lusc<> vile serf, is supposed to have no rights as b" ns tin1 tenure of his land is concerned. I* ls’ indeed, yood news that there is a hope- e\cti In conclusion I would state that no one who has resided for a lengthened period in the Western and Northern portion of Queens land, and has availed himself of the facili ties so afforded of forming an estimate of its undeveloped resources, can view this pro posal of the London Syndicate with hostile feelings, but rather treat it as a bond fide effort towards a great achievement. xours, <tec., OUTSIDER. 