AN ARCADIAN REVENGE. I Br Jams Payn. 'Depend upon it, my doar sir, there is a system of compensation : I, for example, oooupy a position in the country beyond my tBlents, while yon possess talents that are considerably above what ia neoessary — ahem — to a person of your oondition of life.' This amazing Bpeeoh was addressed to me confidentially, in the smoking-room of our common olnb one night, by Mr. Dornoway Dioke, after wo had dined together for tho first time. It was late in August ; tho club was empty, and I had invited him to join tables, though I knew him to be an ass, rather than dine alone. The bad man may take a solitary meal without moral damage, and even to)the pnblio advantage, ainoe the cuBtom is unwholesome, and tends to shorten life ; bat to the good man it is harmful. His thoughts, oonstant as the needle to the pole to what is puro and good, are naturally attracted to himself, and his benevolent actions, hia excellent motives, hiB whole blameless career, pass in roviow beforo hia eyes, and ho becomes self-conscious and self oomphicent. Bather than run the risk of this, having ordered my own modest repast, I looked up at Dornoway-Dicke, who, with hia glass painfully fixed in hia oyo, 'was scanning the same ' limited carte' for tho day, in doubt (aalguossed) about tho EVench dishes, and observed, 'Shall we dine to gflthor?' and he had replied, courteously, * 1 Charmed, I am sure.' Ab a matter of faot, Mr. Dornoway-Dioke was a man not easy to charm ; it was not in Genius (though up to that date I don't think it had ever tried it) to do'so ; and I believe even Beauty hereelf would have failed in the attempt, unless she had had a title to baok her. Mr. Dioke's weakness was for a lord — a very common one, of course, bnt in his oase unusually pronounced. £tUis conversation was Btndded with titles aa the firmament is witn atars ; and he' was in reBpect to them what Mr. Carlyle, in relation to spiritual things, calls 'terribly at ease in Zion'; that is, he was Bhookingly familiar with earls and viscountB, while as to baronets, he would refer to them by their Christian names. To Bay that his views upon all matters were oommonplaoo would have been flattering to hiB intelligence ; they wero conventional to sublimity. ' Ghost stories are absurd,' argues Cole ridge, ' beoause, though men toll ub they have had suoh an oxperienoe, if a man did really ever soe what he uotually believed to be a ghoat, idiotoy would at once super vene;' but I firmly believa that Dornoway Dicke would have seen a ghost without the least injury to his iuteilootual powerB ; not beoause he was already an idiot, but (inde pendently of that) because so unoonventional a subject^ aa the Bupernatural had never entered hiB mind. If tho ghost had a title, then, indeed, an impression might have been made, but it would have been produoed by bis temporal, not his spiritual, lordBhip. In all mnttora whioh exeroise the human mind, from theology to Amerioan bowls, he took not theJfainteBt interest j but I had been informed— and warned— that upon the anbjeot of the dignity and position of the Dornoway-Dioke fomily he oould and would be very diffuse if you wore not oareful. He was a man, in short, to nod to, but not to speak with, unless the moans of eso&pe; were handy. Still, late in August, at a London olub, one cannot afford to bo particular, and having auoh strong moral reasons for not dining atone, I had to dine with Dornoway- Dioke. There was one circumstance, however, that really did attract me towards this gentleman, and made mo wish for a closer acquaintance. It was a much- debated question in the club whether he wore a wig or not, and I wanted to Eolvo'it. If ho did do bo (for even after dining with him I waB not suro), they were the best wigB that ever wero. I say wigs, because he muat have had lota of them, for his liair was sometimes short and sometimes long, and sometimes just as it ought to be in tho caso of a, faihionable young gentleman of fifty. four. For there was this disadvantage about tho distinguished position of the Dornoway-Dicke family, that, being in the peerage — though it muBt bo confessed in a very remote and 'presumptive' fashion — the man's age was known to a nicety. There was then this point, (as to his wig) to be cleared up, which promised mo somo little excitement, and I was also curious to know whether he talked of ' the Land' as though it were alive, which I was assured he did. My information upon this' point, as it turned out, was correct. The one supreme effort of originality which Mr. Dornoway-Dicke had mado was to per Bonify the landed interest in this peouliar fashion. ' What tho Land wants, Bir, he would observe,- very slowly and majestically (bo that you had plenty of time to suggost to yourself 'top-dressing,' 'coprolites,' and what not) — 'what the Land wants, sir' (he nlways repeated this charming phrase), 'is fajr play.' 'The .Land' wanted so many things in the course of our conversation at dinner that I had begun to think it Bome what exaoting, and indeed to get a little impatient of Mr. Donioway-Dicke himself. But I am never, or at least hardly ever, dis courteous, and though bored to extremity, like a wooden ship, exposed to the aotion of tho Tereio navalis, I endurod it as though I had been made of iron. I had asked the man to dinner, and in one Benso had certainly paid for it, so felt constrained by the dntios of hospitality to be oivil till the meal- was over. When it wbb finished, and we repaired to the smoking-room, I had no auoh Boruple. ' The Vino,' says the olassio author, ' is the Evoker ot Truth,' and this is even still more the oase with the Cigar. Imauine, then, mv indignation at that amazing remark of my oompanion. ' I, for example, ocoupy a position in the country beyond my talents, while you possess talents that are considerably above what iB neoesBary— ahem — to a person of your oondition in lite.' ' Pray,' said I, ' Mr. Dornoway-Dioke, confine your observations to yourself, aB you gonerally do. Ab to yoar talents, I have no reason to donbt yoar own modeat estimation of them, but as to your position in the oountiy, I was hot aware that yon had any.'' I hope thiB waa not rude.' I spoke in th« gentleflt tonea of which tho human voioe — or at all eventB my voice — ia capable, and In a manner that was certainly winning, for I felt that I had scored. To my astoniabment, Mr. Dornoway-Dicke remained quite un ruffled ; he carefully removed the nsh from tlia end of his cigar with his signet-ring, and answered, quietly, almost humbly, ' You quite mlsUke me. I said my position in the country, of which, sb you tell mo, you know nothing. You are not, then, familiar with Mangelwurzelshlro S' ' I waa certainly not. I hnd heard of it, of course, but I felt myself fortunate in not having to spell it. 'Ah? 1 thought »o,' he continued, blandly. You should come down to Dorno way Court and soe me at home. Then you would understand why I don't oftener visit London. Iu town I am, comparatively speaking, nobody, but In Jlangelwurzolshire — What do you nay, now, to running down to ua for the first weok in September ?' Fivo minutes before I should have said ' No ' without the slightest hesitation ; but the outrageous vanity of the man's manner tickled me to the core. I felt curioua'to soe those natlve8 of Mangelwurzelshlro to 'whom Mr. Dornoway-Dicko appeared to be a parson of importance, and, moreover, I had not yet discovered whether ho wore a wig or not. ' The worst part of a wig,' sayB the old riddle, ' as of love, ia the parting;' but Mr. Dornoway-Dloke'a parting wao perfect, and so delioate that one would have almost said it had been effected by a female band. Among the almpler inhabitants of Arcadia he might take leiB extreme precautlona to deceive the public ; and he certainly would not get hia' hair out, if out it ever waa, ao often. ' I will come to Dornoway Court with pleasure,' I Baid ; and on tho appointed day I went. After lnnoheon we all repaired to the lawn tennis ground. ' What a capital lawn yon have I' observed the Duke, 'and what a good plan that is of dividing your ground !' He was referring, ol coarse, to the iron, fenoing. ' It wa& a plan of my wife's,' observed Mr. Dornoway-Dioke ; for, as the other lawn was vacant, there was really no need to intimate tbat it belonged to somebody else. A gilt youth of the county and ono of its gilt yoang ladieB were selected for one side, and his Graoe and Miss Dornoway-Dioke for the other. The rest of the oompany Btood round in attitudes of respectful admiration. They were just about to begin when tbe Duke observed, ' Hullo ! what the deuoB iB this?' The exolamation was oauoed by the appear ance of MrB. Titbat, Bplendidly attired, and followed by all her maid-servants ; some of them carried baskets of linen, and others lines and clothes-propB. In the course of a few minatee the whole of the Titbat family linen was hanging on the line ; some of the articles were very pronounced in shape, and beoarno muoh more so when inflated by the breeze, whioh also (as tbey were purposely hung olose to the wire fenoing) oarried their graceful folds right over the Duke's head. The game was begun, but presently an immense pettiooat broke loose, and after eddying doubtfully for a few moments, settled upon theDuke himself, who emerged from it with difficulty, and with a frightful execration. He threw down his racket, and said something I could not catch ; indeed, I fled into a neighbouring arbour and gave myself up to such paroxysms of mirth as almost threatened me with dis solution. I was consoious of great excitement among the company without, and heard what sounded like the hurried departure of some of them, but I was positively incapable of ascertaining what waa going on. The vision of all Mangelwurzelshire's noblest as they stood around that fatal place, and pretended to ignore the fact that the very firmament [was darkened above them by the Titbat family linen; and then the Bpeotacle of that petticoat de scending upon his Grace's brow, and of himself emerging from it, was always too muoh for me. I sat in the arbour and fairly wept. Preseintly, after several severe relapses, I became conscious of a oompanion. Beside me sat a little man, bald as a knob on the centre of a front door, and Bwearing softly, and as it were thought fully, to himself. It was only by hiB voice that I recognised Mr. Dernoway-Dicke: 'My dear Dicke,' I murmured, for I felt it necessary to say something, 'why are you hero ? why are you not entertain ing' — I did not venture to mention the Duke — 'your guests ?' ' He's gone, ho said. It was plain' he was only thinking of ono of thom. 'It was all on account of that infernal Mrs. Titbat. It's her own petticoat; it's marked with an M and a T.' I nodded, and hold out my hand as though to entreat him to spare himself tho recital of tho catastrophe, I felt ready to expire. ' But are all the rest' of the people gone ?' I murmured. ' What do I care P Yes. No. What a terrible day.' ' But, my dear Dicke,' I said, beginning sincerely to pity him, ' it will never do for you to stop here j you must not desert your friends.' '* No, that's true,' he answered, rising feebly and moving towards the house. ' But you.hrive forgotten something.' 'Havel? What? Oh yes. my wig.' It lay on the floor of the arbour where ho had flung it in his frenzy. He stooped and put it on mechanically and hind beforo. This I ventured to remedy, and he thanked mo in feeling tones. 'Do you think ho will ever come again ?' he whispered, eagerly. 'He was very angry. He thought they were our own clotheB hung out to dry. I showed him the M. and the T. But he would pay no attention. It is a dreadful blow.' ' And it really hurt poor Dornoway-Dicke exceedingly. He had not risen the next morning when I came up to town, and all the family wore very much oppressed, as though there had been a death in tho house. Ho has been to tho club once since, in a more beautiful wig than ever, but of course it can never deceive me. I asked, 'How are all at home P' 'Pretty wpll, I thank you,' he said; ' that iB, as well as can be expected. He has never been near the place Bince.' Of course I know that by the personal pronoun he meant ' the Duke.' * Important aa my boat's position in the country may be, it is not my intention to describe ' Mr. Dornoway-Dioke at home,' as thongh he were a publio character. Suffice it to Bay that he waB better at home than abroad (or at least, In London) ; and as hia family were pleaaant people, and his houae full of cheerful oompany/.I did not regret my vlait. The ' Court,' aa he loved to call it, was, however, ao peculiar that I muBt aay a few words about it. It waa the only edifice with which I am acquainted whioh gratified one's sense of humour. It waB 1 quite spick and-span as respects newness, but built and furnished In the mcdinval style. A gravel drive, rolled to perfeotion, led up to a frowning entranoe, with a huge oaken portal, in which was lnaerted a little hole barred with iron for purpoaea of eBpial.' Through this the porter waa auppoied, (though he 'never did it) to take cognisance of the ap proaching visitor, and, if peaosful, to unbar the masBlve bolta of tho great door to let him in. Everything in the hou'e waa apparently of the same epooh, but In reality about three yeara old. In the dining-room was a fireplace aB big aa an ordinary parlour, and before whioh ono would not have beeq aurprised to aee a pair of trunk-hose airing, or a couple of jack-boots. The sideboard, to the modern and inartlstio eye, resembled a kitchen dresser ; while in the morning-room waa a spinning-wheel with the flax in it, aa though the thrltty housewife had juat been called away from that occupation to auperin tend the conBtruotion of a venison paaty, or to isBue orders for the entertainment ot the company invited to the morrow's tournament. These ridiouloua objeots, as I soon dis oovcrcd, wero designed toporsuado the publio that the Dornoway-Diokes themselves were medirovfll, and had resided at the ' Court' for the last six hundrod years. Whereas, aB. a matter of faot, tbey wore new-oomers. In tho oountry, even though yon are distantly conneoted with the peerage, tbis is a sorioua obstaole to 'position,' and the whole of my host's gigantio intelleot was concentrated on Attaining it. He had been ' oalled upon' at once by every one in tbe county within a oirouit of twenty-five mileB, except One. I write it reverentially with a capital 0, for it was . ' Tho Duke.' I am not oi course speaking of tbe late Dnko of Wellington ; in ; Mangelwnrzelshire, as in every other county, the Duke was the duke who lived there — his Graoe of Turniptopg. This divinity wbb still a yoang man, unmarried, and not maoh - given to oall on anybody ; and for throe long years all the efforts of the Doraoway-Dioke3 bad been unavailing to induce him to honour the ' Court' with his august presence. Two months ago, however, ho bad sent his card by a mounted messenger, and ono month ago — oh, joy of joys 1— he had accepted an invitation to a garden party at the house for one of the very dayB on whioh I was 1 to remain its gaest. It was just' after thiB gracious promise had been given'thatMr.Dornoway-Dickebadmado his appearance at the olub, to make arrange ments with Gunter ; and now that I know the oironmstanoes, I was not only not surprised at the magnifioenoe pf hiB deportment on that occasion, but astoniehed that ho should have been so affable bb he was. My private impression is that ho asked me down to Domoway Court not so muoh from personal affection as to socura an additional witness to his sooial triumph ; but that is neither here nor there. The Duke was coming, and the family were in a state of excitement raro, I should hope, in Hanjvell, and not habitually exhibited even at Broadmoor. The great eubjeot of diEcnesion among them for weeks had been, who was to be . invited to meet the Duke 1 and it was not exhausted yet. Everybody — who was any body — had been asked except tho Titbats ; and the knotty' point that could not bti settled wbb whether these people Bhould be asked or not. Captain and Mrs. Titbat wera their immediate neighbours ; their lawn tennis groandB were, in faot, contiguous, and the two families,' though not absolutely on a friendly footing, were well known to ono another. Young Titbat, when a player was wanting, had sometimes even been invited to make , np the party at their favorite amassment ; and when the balls went over the wire fenoe that separated the two domains, the juvenile Titbats did not pretend (as some young people would) that they, were lost, but would honestly chuck them back again. Still, the Titbats were not among the County Families, nor anything like it. Their efforts — far more desperate than those of the Dornoway-Diokes — had miserably and utterly failed in that direotion. It was not so much that their mansion was too small to be reokoned as a country bouse, that their paddock oould not by any strain of courtesy bs called a park, or that thoir orna montal lake was an undeniable pond. There was something amiBS — I never could find out what— about Mrs. Titbat. She was a woman — I once boheld her, and under oircumatanceB I can never forget— of ? large proportions and hlrBUte aspect (indeed, ahe had a very respectable beard) ; her complexion waa rubicund, and to the un charitable might seem to indicate that she Indulged in liquor, though I never heard that ahe did so. Whatever waa wroug with her had happened bo long ago that it would have been much better and kinder of her fellow-creatures to have forgotten it. But the faot remained that Mrs. Titbat waa not vlBited,' nor would tho Dornoway-Dlckes have dreamed'of asking her to their garden party exoept for that contiguity, to which I have referred, of their Iawn-tennia groundB. The Duke, it waa known, waB devoted to the gam« ; and if the two grounds could be thrown into one, it was felt by all the family that It would have been an immenso improvement. This could scarcely be done, however, without asking Mrs. Titbat's permission, and^ alio itho pleasure of hei company ; and upon the whole it was judged best to leave matters as they were. Tho wire fencing between the two lawna was so very slight that they really looked to be one aud the same, [and as there was plenty or ground for the Duko to play upon, he would probably never discover that both the lawna did not belong to Dornoway Court. In the course of the intimaoy that existed between the junior members of the _ two families, the young Dornoway-DiokeB, with a frankness charaoteriBtio of their ago, had tola the young Titbats that the Duke was ooming on Friday to play lawn tennis, but that none but tip-top (not Titbat) people were to^be asked to meet him ; nor was 6ven this the worst, for it had certainly been hinted by elder members of the family, in view »f tha suggested amalgamation of the tonnis grounds, that suoh good neighbours aa Captain and' Mrs. Titbat would oertainly be inoluded in the invitation lisK To explain what follows I must odd that Mrs. Titbat herself was firmly perBuaded that she wonia be among the guests, and was. transported with the idea of it ; for the being asked to meet the Duke of Turniptops' (as was stated on the cards) was in MangelwuizelBlnre like being presented at court, and at 'onoo botn whitewashed and rtgilded the invited. One ? , has heard of the ire of the tigress when robbed of her young, but what iB that 'when compared with the state of mind of a lady of blemished reputation who had persuaded herBelf that it will be rehabilitated, and that in the mbst splendid fashion, and -.then suddenly finds that she has been given tho cold shoulder ? Mrs. Titbat had aotually ordered .a dress from London in whioh to appear before his Grace of Turniptops, ana the sight of it, as it hung uaeleaa in her wardrobe, envenomed her whole being, _aa though she had worn it, and it had been tha garment of Nessus. _ _ ,, She clutched the skirts oE Hope to tha very last, but when Friday morning arrived, and no invitation had come, it fled trom her soul, and was replaced by tho desire for vengeaace. If the Dornoway-Dickes could but have known what was passing in that injured lady's mind, they might have been reminded of those warning lines ''Lost when our latest hope is fled, yo taste o£ our And lom by proof in aomo wild hour liow, much tho wrotchod dare,' . . or even if that quotation had not occurred to them, I am quite sure they would have asked her to their garden party even at . that eleventh hour. The guests arrived, 'and in due course— —that is to say.' exceedingly late— the Duke. The meeting of his Graco nnd my host and hostess waB positively affeoting. I thought' Mr. Dornoway-Dicke would never leave off ahiking his hand, and that his wife would have kissed it. However, he got away at last to lunoheon. About two hundred people eat down to it, a select twenty on mediraval ohairs, and the rest on muoh more comfortable but common ones. ? A dozen of the last had been borrowed, days ago, by the housekeeper, without her mistress's knowledge, from the Titbats. The host enjoyed himself as; most , people do under similar oiroumstances ;? that is to say, he was intenaely miserable and anxious, but buoyed up by the thought that it woiud all be : over presently, and he'would havo 'his friend the Duke of Turniptops' to talk about for the rest of his natural life. A distinguished and long-windod Paris lawyer lately defended a briminal unsuccess fully, and at the end of tho trial tho judgo reoeived the following note : 'Thoprisonor humbly prays that the time oooupied by tha plea of tho oounoil for. the defence be -;ouat6(l in the sentence.' 