In our last issue are referred to the fact that Mr Service's scheme is a complete measure of reform, not only liberalising the Council's basis of representation but also providing for a prevention and a settle ment of dead-locks and giving the much required " finality in legislation," -while Mr Berry's proposals are simply extensions of Mr Service's scheme respecting the Council and leave the main issues, thoso affecting dead-locks and " finality," alto gether untouched. Since then an attempt has been made to hoodwink the electors into accepting the Berry proposals because they promise more than Mr Service does, the argument being that it is the duty of Liberals to support those who make the greatest concessions to Liberalism. The electors, however, must remember firstly that the value of Mr Berry's scheme must be gauged by his ability to carry it into effeot, and se condly that the scheme submitted is almost useless for the purpose intended, inasmuch as it omits all reference to the chief object of reform, the cure of dead-locks. As Mr Servico stated at Malclon, the proposal to make the ratepayers' roll the basis of the Council's representation was not overlooked by the Ministry, and he and several others were favorably disposed towards it, so that Mr Berry canuot claim any credit for li berality in this respect. But the Ministry had to consider what they could get from the Council more than what would catch votes at an election time, and in making their demands moderate, they have ensured their acceptance by the Upper House and avoided a possible conflict with the other bianch of the Legislature. In this they have shown that they practice the spirit of concession which they advocate, and hare evidenced their desire to get the pre sent agitation .settled as speedily as possible. At the same time they have adhered to their proposals for the cure of dead-locks, and aro thus enabled to offer to the country a measure to accomplish all that the people ask for in the shape of reform.- On the other hand Mr Berry's scheme, although accomplishing but little, if anything, is al most certain to bo x'ejected by the other Chamber, and to provoke a quarrel and ano ther dead-lock if persisted in. Tlio one scheme ofEers a settlement of the question in a reasonable and moderate manner, while the other promises to bo only the be ginning of strife, the end of which cannot be forsoen. Mr Service put tho . case very fairly at Maklon whon he said : — "We must bear this in mind always, that we aro not now making a constitution — that we are only trying to amend one already made — that we have obstacles to encounter, enemies to fight — that we have another Chamber to consult besides the Assembly — that without the consent of the Council we can pass no law of any kind and can make no amendment of the constitution. Therefore, as reasonable men who understand that the means should, always have some reference to the end, and to the possibility of bringing about the object in view, I think you will soe that The propo sals we have made are as wide and liberal as they possibly could be made if they are to be come tlio law of the land. What object is to be gained by fighting year after year in order to accomplish things that are unattainable ? No wise man does that in his own business affairs. Every man recognises the fact that in this world he must agree to compromises, that he can't get all his own way. In politi cal matters the principle of conciliation, moderation, compromise, is one that we are bound to recognise. He who fails to recog nise the principle of compromise, who fails to see that lie must take as much as lie can get . to-day and hope .for more to-morrow, will simply knock his head-ag-ainsfc a stone wall, and in the end will get no further than he was at the beginning. Our object was to bring in a practical and a practicable measure. We did not want a measure to flourish before your face for a year or two in order that we might hold, on to office in consequence of the excitement which our proposals caused. We -wore, anxious to bring in a bill which we knew would become law, provided it were carried by a sufficient majority through the Assembly." No reasonable man will doubt the . wisdom of tlio sentiments thus expressed, and those who desire a speedy settlement of this troublesome question will vote on the poll ing day for those who support Mr Service's very liberal, moderate, and effective pro posals. . U ; /. The English mail will close at the Avoca post, office on Thursday next. The electors are reminded that Messrs Langdon and Davies, the Ministerial can didates, hold a meeting this evening at the Victoria Theatre. Mr Anderson, the Go vernment candidate for Kara Kara, will speak in the same place to-morrow at 1 p.m. Mr Dow speaks at Amphitheatre on Thurs day, at Percydale on Friday. and at Moon ambel on Saturday. He has not yet aunouueed any meeting for Avoca. It is now definitely arranged that Mr H. O'Brien Daly, of Dunolly, will run with Mr Grant as the second candidate in the Opposition interest. It is not expected, however, that he has any chance of winning the seat, as a man who at fiis last candida ture could not obtain the support of his own town is not likely to receive it elsewhere, but it is hoped thathis presence in the contest will help Mr G-rant by depriving the other candidates of a few votes which they would otherwise receive. We are sorry, in the interests of the oommunity, that the Ultra Liberals of this district did not choose a better man to champion their cause. Messrs Grant and Daly speak at Avoca on Monday next. Messrs J. Purves and Mr Bruee Smith ' have consented to contest the Maryborough electerate against Messrs Bowman and Barr, the late members. Some consternation was caused in the town at about eight o'clock on Eriday even ing by the statement that a child of about four and a half years old, named Alfred John Lo Warn, a grandson of Mrs Wil liams, was supposed to have been drowned in the river. The ohild had been seen play ing on the banks of the river during the afternoon peitiug at some geese, aucl not having returned to his tea his friends became anxious for his safety, and a search was in stituted. At nearly eight o'clock the child's cap was found fioatiug in the river by Mr. Carr, P.M., and the police were then re quested to drag the river. The river was dragged for upwards of two hours, when at about ten o'clock at night, the body was recovered close to the spot where deceased was last seen alive. An inquiry into the matter was held by Mr Carr on Saturday morning, when the above facts were stated in evidence, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. A small portion of evidence given in the County Court on Tuesday last is re ported by our local contemporary in such a manner as to make readers believe that Mr Paten did not meet his election engagements. The witness George Breedon was being questioned respecting the money he had earned while living with his uuelo, and in the course of the examination it was men tioned that he had acted as scrutineer for Mr Paten at one of the polling booths at the last Shire election, but he stated that he had not been paid anything for so doing. So far this may be correct and it may be true that the young man never expected to be paid for bis services, but Mr Matthews, tho solicitor, did not say so. The addition is simply made, as such additions are fre quently made in the report of our contem porary, to make it appear that disinterested persons support his own peculiar sentiments and antagonisms. The bare facts of the case, as far as they concern Mr Paten, are unimportant, and may be briefly stated as follow : — The arrangements for Mr Paten's late election for the Council were altogether managed by his committee, who appointed all his scrutineers, etc., and paid all his ex penses, returning him free of cost. There fore the first intimation which Mr Paten received that Mr Breedon had acted as his scrutineer was when tho fact was announced in the County Court' as slated above. Several who so acted did so without asking for or expecting payment, and is is probable that Mr Breedon was amongst the number, and certainly he never made any claim upon Mr Paten for remuneration for his services. A football matcli was played at Beaufort on Saturday between the local team end visitors from Avoca, the Avoca club play ing ten men in the field and Beaufort fifteen. The match resulted in a draw, but in favor of the Beaufort players, who pressed the visitors very closely until near the end of tlio game, when another player arrived to the assistance of Avoca, but too late to in fluence tho result. It is announced by advertisement that Bromley's Comedy Troupe will perform at Moonambel to-morrow evening, at Home- bush on Thursday evening, and at Avoca on Eriday and Saturday evenings. The pieces to be performed are " Milky White," "A Kiss in the Dark," "Han the Good for Nothing," and " The Ghost in the Pawn Shop." Two charitably concerts are announced to take place in this district within a short time. The first will be held at Lamplough on the 17th instant, for the benefit of Mr John McKaiue, an old man 70 years of ago, who is afflicted with paralysis. It is hoped by this effort to raise a sum -sufficient to place poor man in the Benevolent Asylum. The second concert will be held in the Shire Hall on the first night of the races, and will be for tho benefit of Mr Quack's family, who have been brought into distressed cir cumstances owing to Mr Quack's long- continued illness. We bespeak for both events the liberal support of tho charitable public, The accounts of the Avoca cemetery ap pear in the last Gazette as follow:— [Re ceipts— Balance, £15 7s lid ; fees for graves, £12 9s 6d; fees (remitted) for burial of poor, £1 10s ; Government grant, £20; total, £112 7s od. Expenditure — Salaries, £10; office expenses, £1 lis; works £74 3s ; grave-digging, £10 10s ; fees (remitted) for burial of poor, £4 10s ; balance £11 10s 5d. Applications under the Land Act ap proved— Eor a lease— -James Underwood, Evorsloy. Eor issue of new leases — Henry Dunn, Glen patrick; Joseph C. Ilall, Evorsley ; Goorgo McMullan, Bolorcb. Eor a license — Ah Cliee, Yalong. The Illustrated News for this month is a special unmber, containing a colored plate entitled " Lost,"' and a full-page supple ment of " The Deserted Claim." The remainder of the number is chiefly taken up with illustrations of scenes connected with the Kelly tragedy. . / The Sketcher published on Saturday de votes a large portion of its space to illus trations connected :with the attack made upon the Kelly gang, from sketches taken on the spot by Mr T. Carrington. The se veral incidents are well pourtrayed and have an appearance of reality. -Other engravings of an interesting character are also given. . An electoral revision court will bo hold at Loxton on the 19th inst, A letter to the editor arrived- too" late for insertion in this issue. It willbappear on Eriday. . k-T We have received from Messrs >R. 17. Nicliolls and Co., nurserymen' of' Ballarat, an excellently printed catalogue of trees and plants held in stock by the firm named. The catalogue contains fifty-three pages description of the choicest flowers, fruit trees and'shrubs, comprisiug an assortment which for variety cannot be "excelled in the colony. We have also received the "Aus tralian Racing Guide," containing a large amount of information useful to sporting men. The latest statement in reference to the Kelly tragedy is that the old man, Martin Cherry, was shot by Ned Kelly for refus ing to pull aside a window-blind in order that the outlaw might shoot at the police. Ned Kelly denies the statement, and it is generally discredited, although made on the authority of three of the persons eon- fined in the hotel during the attack. A fall of snow took place at Lancefield on Thursday last. Two prisoners who had been arrested at Swan Hill for horse-stealing broke out of tho lock up at that place on Thursday, but were both recaptured after a long race. A Mr Evans, who lately inherited a large fortune from England, committed suicide at Nairne on Thursday, by shooting him self. News of a wonderful escape from drown ing comes from Newcastle. A boat con taining two fishermen capsized, and the men clung to the craft for fourteen hours up to their shoulders in water. They had then drifted to within half a mile of laud, and swam that distance, arriving on the beach in a very exhausted condition. It is considered wonderful that they were not attacked by sharks, which are very nu merous at tho place referred to. The incomiug Torres Straits mail steamer Bowen arrived at CooktoVn on Saturday, and reports having left Singapore on the oth J une, hound to Hong Kong, with 350 passengers and a large quantity of gold from Queensland. Forty-two passengers were shipped at Singapore, and on the Stb June the Chinese interpreter informed the captain of the Bowen that the Singapore passengers were pirates intending to seize and burn the vessel, having appointed a rendezvous with several piratical junks near Iloug Kong, whose appearance would be the sigual for attack. The captain imme diately mustered the Singapore passengers, and examined their luggage, and found boxes of burglars' tools, choppers, knives, eleven loaded revolvers, and plenty of spare ammunition. There were also concealed in a locker twenty- five packages of powder with fuses attached. Seventeen of the Singapore passengers gave a satisfactory account of themselves, and the balance were handcuffed and guarded until their arrival at Hong Kong, when the police recognised them as old pirates, several of whom were wanted for a recent attempt to seize the steamer Kwangtong. The following passage in Mr Service's speech to the electors of Maklon on Thurs day should be read and remembered by the unfortunate taxpayers of the colony:— To show the depth into which we are ploughing, and the absolute necessity that we should come to some settlement on the reform ques tion, I will briefly allude to our financial condition. When last before you I said as to the four months to run of the financial year, there would be a net deficiency of at least a quarter of a million of money, after allowing for all the lapsed votes, which vary from £100,000 to £309,000 per annum. ! I believed at the time the deficiency would be a good deal more but I wanted to err on the safe side. I ; did not want to make a state- : ment I should have to retract j afterwards. What is the present con- j dition of the finances? The finances for the year were made up this morning, and the actual deficiency on the finance statement of the 30th .June is £650,000. (Sensation and cries of " Shame.") When Mr Berry took office he found in the Treasury £206,000 lying ready for use. He had at his credit that sum to begin his Administration with. At the end of the first year that balance was reduced to £S7,000. At- the end of the following year be bad no credit balance at all ; but, on the contrary, be was indebted to the extent of £135,000, and at the end of this year his indebtedness now stands at £650,000. No country can go on in that way. . . . . Mr. Berry commenced with £206,000 to the good, and ended with £650,000 to the bad. Thus, in the course of (hose years he has actually allowed the finances of the country to become £S50,000 worse than they were when he started. 