ST. PAULS CATHEDRAL. The foundation stone of the Dei- Anglican Cathedral for the diocese of Mel- bourne was laid on .Tuesday afternoon by his Excellency the Marquis of Jfori manby , in the presence of 5lX)0 spectator. It is to be erected on the site of the nre! sent St Paul's Church, and when cou,. pleted will cost about £10U,0(X), His Excellency, in laying the stone in the usail manner, said:—I lay this fuundatiou ot a cathedral church, to be dedicated to tfce service of Almighty God, and to be called by the name of the Holy Apostle St. Paul, in the name of the Father, and cf Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.'' Tha hymn " All hail the power oi Jesu'sname," was then sung, and the dean again engaged in prayer, after which addresses were delivered by theGorenior the bishop, and Sir W. F. Stawell. In the course of his address Dr Moorhouse said:—The building is a great church, which ia intended to bethe centre and home of the church's highest energies, devotional, consultative, and practioj; and it is called a cathedral becauj:,' as being symbolical of the aforenamed fact the bishop's cathedra or chair is set therein. It is built, then, as you will readily see, not primarily ID look beautiful in the eyes of those who pass by it (though, of course, this also should be up to the means of its builders), but primarily tu afford help to those who enter it, in raising their thoughts to the infinite, and in siirrin? within them the emotions of awe and reverence. For this it must have size, and especially loftiness ; the long perspeetite, the dim vastness, in which the mind can soar and expand ; in which it can see a Bymbol of the eternal, the mysterious, tb divine. We need a service which shall not only give expression to religion, emotion already in existence, but which shall also evoke it when it is absent. At the conclusion of his address tire Bishop announced that Mr \V. J. Clarke, to whom he referred as a credit Dot only to his fellow citizens, but to the whole o; Australia, had forwarded a cheque for £1,000 towards the building fund of the cathedral. (Applause.) Another hyinn baring been sung, szi the benediction pronounced by the bishop, the ceremony ended with cheers being given for his Excellency the Governor, Dr Moorhouse, Dean Macartney, and his Honour Sir W. F. Stawell. The collection over the stone amounted to £209 12s 8d, including £25 from the Marquis of Normauby and £50 from the Mayor of Melbourne. The following contributions have also been received within the last few days :—Messra F. V- Armytage, £500; T. JJ. Payne, £500; F. Gillett, £150 (additional) E. Latham, £50 (additional) ; W. Elsdon, £52 10s. 