THE STORY-TELLER ' " I "IN THE KING'S NAME.'! Chapter I. THE HOUSE IX THE MARSH. Hash! what's that ? . r listened, as I let my work fall on my knees, but I could, only hear the rumble of the wind in the great chimney, as the old pine roots blazed and hissed .and sparkled and roared up, sending light enough into thi old room to enable us to do without candles. 'For these pine roots were the remains of the ancient forest that once flourished in that bog, and some one or other of our men would se&Tch; about In the soft ' black peat, thrusting down an iron rod till they found one, which was dragged out eduhdj and of a rich red with crystahsed turpentine. We wanted no coals in the old Grrange in the coldest winter, for there were miles of peat moss around us, in" the midst of/which our carious old bouse »tood; upon an island of rich land, with its waving trees and plea sant old garden, the bouse that had been in our family untold generations, growing pro bably from a bit; of a cot in, the waste by slow degrees 16 the due old house, as wealth increased, till it Was at I knew it, a venerable re '-buck, iry-c!ad place, full of awkwardly- shaped rootns, ahortflights of stairs, and crooked passages— -a place where the birds came ringing to. roost iii treeorivy-hung twisted chimney— a place whosexjuaint old pleasauncc of a garden was' f nU Of fraib'ra the season as a horn of plenty, whether under the many-buttressed wall, or on either side of the grass walks Which led dowh to the broad canal-like drain, « hi ch through the bog to the great river miles .away. J Visitors who came to. slay' soon loved the place as dearly as I did, but asked if we did T not And it dull in the winter. I suppose it 'Would have been to them, but it ? ever seemed so to us, for it was always full of interest ; and beaides, was it not the house where I was born, in whose garden 1 had played, and Whose every path was blended with some pleasant "recollection ? My father and my mother laughed at; 'the idea of our being dull, for beloved his garden, his gun, and rod, and the great dack decoy, and he was no idler ; for while, he was devoted to sport, he was a great natu ralist, and the house was full of the various objects (he had collected and preserved. ; For we were pasring rich, .And fnehdi -and 'rela tions used to say they wO«deto«I ? my' athter did not go up to London and jointhe society to be found there. He used to laugh at these things, and turn to toy mother.' — Ah,how veil Lean see his handsome, manly face now, and the sweet, loving, contented smile that beamed # my soother's placid fafce, as he said to her : Vl'ell, Mil, shall we try London again, or stop at home?? - Stay, John; we are best at home.' Yes J my -father Would say, 4 We tried town once, and found ourselves' fishes put of water. There1 are plenty there Without us.' So the old Grange sufficed : hor ns, and the world was welcome to look upon iis with con- ' tempt. ' 1 _ "/ I'm afraid I never Was much of a lady/for my hands grew red as my cheeks at times/so busy was I helping my mother with ber pre- eerves and electuaries ber home- made wines, and tending the irnany hives of bees. Tfiiep, too, I had ray poultry — the great soft fowls and snow-white ducks. There was thegarden, too, in the summer time, beside the indoor Ixeaiiework. Altogether, thedays and months ? And years seemed a! 1 too short. I used tof eel quite guilty at last when Stephen Meyton ckmerand sotnebp w persuaded toe pyg o long walks over the open moor. - — - _ i It begin with his joining my father wild- duck -shooting; then he used tocotoe over and Wopurwifc b ttay fethcr fiahwg pn the. gt bnd'U%lits With him at the Depoy ; sad myifaer aise4 to joke mid laugh about ldjy,and jBomehoyp make my cheeks, torn red as he said Steve Meyton . only cared for bun second-hand, for it was the little decoy- duck that brought him to the Orange. , It came onimperceptibly enough, and Was accepted-as » tiling of coarse, so that one day I awoke to the fact that I dearly -loved Stephen, and that at last I was to leave home to behiswife. ! I shonld not have far to go, only to High Cumbers, threemiles across the hog, where Steve had for his home just such a place as ours, and meantime, he was at home with us,, and it Was father' mid ' motherland ' steve, i toy hoy,; between them. Altogether a most | nnromantic courtship. | AlVlatoiy'tather, .on this' very night | as we silt rfit vea; aaWe calletLonr substantial | meal, 4 thank God for our peaceful life here, I Mildred ; . and thank God our young folks I will lead just such a life intheirturu. Those j who like politics may have them.. Steve, my :boy, pass your plate forsome more chine. It will keep out. the cold-Wind's changed, and ! we shall have a storm. ' | Ko more, thanks, father,' said Steve, ' I ; think you're right about the storm. It's j stormy enough, I hear, abont the rebellion.' | 4 Ay, so I hear,' said my father. 4 They ( are bunting out all the poor fellows who | jciued in, I suppose.' ' Yes/ said Steve. 4 There's a detachment of soldiers at Hurlyby, and they have taken four men. ; Heaven have mercy on the poor fellows,' said my toother. 4 What must be ihefeelings erf those who love them I' said toy father. 4 How would you like it, Mil, ifI hadjoinedagaragthis German Majesty, King George the Second, and cried Hey for Prince Charlie ?! 4 John I' exclaimed my mother. That was all, but it was accompanied by such a loving, wistful look that my eyes filled with tears, and then the colour came to my cheeks, as Steve whispered — / What could a man wish for more than such a love as that ?' I could not gaze at Hiui just then, but at last my eyes were raised and looked full in his; and he gave a sigh full of contentment. 4 Ah, well,' said my father, 4 they won't trouble us, unless some of the poor fellows play the fox,, and come hiding out here on the moor.' 4 There are two hiding out here,' said Stephen. 4 That I know.! 4 And here are they V said my father. 4 Yes, 'said Stephen. ' 4 They came up to High Cumbers the night before last, wet and starving, and I gave them such a meal.' 4 Ay,' saidmy. father, 'and then sent over for the soldiers and gave them up.' 4 For shame, father ! I cried, quite taken in by his manner. V 'No,, I didn't,' said Stephen, stoutly- - - 'I showed- them, where they could hide for months if the waters didn't rise, and I've taken theto a few odds aud ead3 each time I've hesn round with my gun.' T 4 Bless ns and save us I' cried my father, 4 this won't do. . Why, .sir, do you know you're a traitor to your kfog ?' . 4 No, said Steye, bluntly.. ; 4 1 only, know- that .there were two poor Jellows in distress, and Igave them a helping hand ; that's all.' 4 Of course, Stove, deari! sajd my mother, smiling, and father .would bave done just the same.' '"///;", .. I.'." ; 4 "What ! . I turn fcraitor ?' pried my father, with mook Eerionsnefia. ; ' 4 Of course , you . wquid, John,' . ssdd ,toy; mother,jrouri?)g ptenty ofcreaminto Steve's big pap of te ipr botoefepw shp, seemed to lqye giving him plenty of .cream. ". r" > 1 "Pretty character I must be,' said toy father. 4 Well, come, Steve, lad, don't sit eating all the evening. There'll be a chance or two of wild geese to-night for certain.' 'Well, sir; I was er— thinking of— er.' muttered Steve, colonrhig up to the roots of his hair, - - ' / fitting here by the fire talking nonsense to Phil, while mother there smiles at you both like a dear Old goose, 'and thinks b'er own. courting days have, come again. Get hp, sir ; you'll have enough of her by and by ; and, besides, if you show ahypf those lazy aiiis, I'll break off the match. ; Steve rose laughing, and looked at me. 4 Father would like you to go with him,' I said ; and my father' smiled and nodded approval. _ 'Im afraid I'm such a bad character, Steve, my boy,' he said, 4 that ! should hn.ve treated the poor fellows josh the same. Eh, mother, put 'tm into the Grey Chamber to keep the ghost company.' / ; A shade came over my mother's face, and rite looked troubled. 4 1 think in future ' said Steve, 1 shall come and meet « on 6ut ou the moor when we are going shooting. It's too hard on a fel lows weakness to expose him to such temptations." ; In a fe toinntreVtie, they were both 'ready with their heavy gitos, and we went tiirith tbem to the door. It was a dark ught, with the wind hissing \ and whispering through the dty! reeds, and roaring like the sea in .the .tall fir trees behind the old house. 4 Yes, ' said my father, '"there s abig storm coming before long;' 'And frost hud riiow sopn after, said Steve. 4 Filbert dear, we must get the skates cleaned up ready for the beariug ice.' I nodded assent, for I jremenaber bow be had taught toe to glide with him over the ringing ice, but I did not speak, for a fore boding of coming e'rilame across me, and I felt that if I spoke l should bteak down. And there we .stood and watched them stride away into the darkness. standing gating at them for some., time j /till, .with a shiver toy mother proposed .that we should go in, whieh we did, to find the table clear, ' I wish : y our father would not joke abont that GreyChamber, saidmymotiier . 4 NoW; really, mother, yod do hot be- lieve ' ;; 4 No, no; of <course not, child,' she said, hastily ; but somehow .whenever he dpei mention the ghb&t;, tiou.bih seeing tofcome.' It was an ancestor of ours who was killed, a as it not 4 Yes, yes, child ; by his brother, over some jealous love quarrel. But there; let it g«; ; So e pat on, wprking for abpat a couple .bf. :b0.ure,';svupy;i.«uid -.liiijietopg. to the i wind zocz>9 f oj-> rnnifl . .of / . " v, ' voices from the £mvants,« when suddenly my mrihpr BTfilitimfld as I have said — 4 Hush t " What's that f _ \- 'There is some .one coming, said my mother, at last. ' Who caint be on such a night?' , _ q, , .. We knew that my father and would, not be, back till after midnight, and besides, my father always gave a pecn r whistle when returning. Whereas whoever this was. came straight hp to the window and topped sharply, and then we coald see a white face gating in. , , ' Why, it's Mr. Elcott/ cried my mother. 'Quick, Filbert, let him in.' , £ harried out of the room with my nemi: beating strongly ; and on opening the side door, a heavy gust of wind, laden with ram, swept into the house, and sent the names roaring up the chimney. . , 4 Quick, child! shut the door quickly, cried our visitor, .the parson from the village six miles away. 4 here is yonr father?' . __ , . 4 Out,' I said, in alarm. ' What is the matter?' . ' Come in, he cried ; and, hastening the room, he sank half- fainting into a chair. 'Beaten — strong waters,' he whispered, and my mother hastened to place before him a of cordial, after drinking which he revived. 'I have ran alt the way nearly, he said. ' Quick, send to Mr. Hallam, wherever he is, and to Stephen Meyton. The soldiers will , be here directly.' ' Soldiers !' said my mother. ' Yes ; they will arrest them for being connected with tbe rebellion,' 'Absurd .!' cried my mother. 4 Why, John has. never even thought about it.' 4 So I said to tbe officer, madam, but he showed me John Hallain's name down in his warrant, and they are coming here.' I thought of what Stephen had said, and wondered whether that could be the cause of this visit ; -but my mother acted. Banning to the door, she called to two of the men 4 Quick Jem — Joseph,' she said, 4 off to the moor, and find your master. Tell him that the soldiers are here to arrest him, and he must not come. Tell him Mr. Elcott is here, and be will protect us. ' 4 Maister be after the geese, eh, Missus ?' 4 Yes, run both of you, she cried. 4 Ay, we will run,' said the men; 4 but, we may look sharp, for it ree-ans and the watfcer's. beginning to rise.' 4 Yes,' said our visitor ; 4 the water's rising fast ; there baa been a deal of rain in the hills.' . The two men who were devoted to ray father, rnshed off, but hardly, had they gone before my mother repented. ' It was foolish,' she said. 4 He is inno cent, and shonld bravely face them. But he will know best what to do. 4 Trust him, be will,' said our visitor ; 4 and that is escape, for these are no times for explanations. It is a mistake, of course. Has he some enemy who has sent in his name?' 4 Eaemy ? Oh, no. My husband has no enemies,' cried my mother. 4 He is a friend to all.' ' Yes, yon are right,' said Mr. Elcott. . 4 Why,, yon prove it,' cried my mother. 4 Yon held him so dear that yon, at your pwn risk, ran all these miles to save him.' . 4 He has been a true and dear friend to me and anine,' said Mr. Elcott quietly. 4 Bat come, -Filbert; my child, you look as white as the nut,- your name. , .They will only eome aud search, and, being disappointed, go away. The trouble will soon be over.' 4 Heaven grant that it may,' I said to my self, and then I hastened to call in one of the maids, and we placed refreshments before our guest, spreading the table liberally, knowing that the .soldiers must soon be here. . Mr. Elcott a advice - as that we should not appear to have expected them, but take up our work, and leave the rest to chance. We took his advice, and 'sat listening to the increasing storm, for the wind had rapidly increased to a gale, and the rain came down in torrents. I glanced at ray mother and caught her eye, for we weie both thinking that if the waters rose we should have no visit yet from the military, and that my father and Stephen would be on their way back ; but even jeL., we divined each other's thoughts there were the pounds of voices outside, tbe tramp of fget, and Mr. Elcott whispered — 4 They have surrounded the house.' Directly after there was a heavy rapping at the door, given, apparently; by the bntt- end of a musket, and our two maids came trembling into the room, gating inquiringly at us. 4 Open the door, Grace — Mary,' said my mother firmly ; and as they obeyed her, a tall officer, whose cloak was drenched with rain, strode in, gazing sharply >roond. Chapter II. warming. of dagger. 4 Ah, you are here,' he cried, sharply, as he gazed at Mr. Elcott. 4 How's this ?' 4 i bad business here,' was the quiet reply.- 4 Yes, to. inform the rebels that we were coming. Yon. will he atr of this.' _ 4 My husband is no rebel,! said my mother, firmly. 4 Ah, then, you are Mistress Hallam, eh? Very good ; and this pretty maiden here?' This is mv daughter,' said my mother, firmly. ' May I kno' the cause of this visit?' vBah! Ypu know well enough. Where - is your husband, and where is Stephen Mey ton.?. I have warrants for their arrest.' 4 They are from home,' said my mother, quietly. 4 Of course,' said the officer, who stored at me in an .offensive maimer that made my heart beat. 4 In. ith you, my lads ; and -if .they - ill not snow, search the house from roof to cellar. Sergeant, make good us 2 of that halbert of yours to probe the holes. I'll warrant there are plenty'of hidiag pW-es about.' 4 Sir/ srid my mother, an iriiy, 4Isuppose, you aie the King s Iroops, we are bound to submit to tb'.s intrusion ; but recollect I that you are iu a gentleman s house, and that I I, » gentlewoman have told you that my I husband and his friend are from home. ' ' 4 Yes, hidden in some oathonse, since our ! clerical friend here warned him.' ' 'My husband was out when Hr. W arrived,' said my mother, quietly. t my child, come here. , , , # I crossed to her side as she resumed . seat, and the officer seemed for the J to be somewhat abashed ; but directly be gave two or three shsrp orders, mid my mother's eyes flashed indignation as n soldiery spread themselves through tne house, . For quite a' conple of hours they were Ran sacking the place inside and out searching for hidden panels and concealed cupboards or passages, and more than once the office came in to rudely insist that my mother should tell where my father was hidden. _ 5 To his questions, after a brief denial. she no returned no answer, and at last, dieapf pointed and furious, he strode to the door to receive the report bf the sentries outside. We are now hopeful that after refreshing themselves, the party would go, bat to ouf" horror the officer announced that a rebel s house belonged to the King, and gave orders that preparations should be made to aceomf- modatohis men. _ t Meanwhile, we had sat in agony, that my father would return, but midnighf had long passed, and neither he nor our men had come back; and at last my mothey stood with me in our great parlour, seeking for an excuse to retire for the night. f But it was not easy to get away, for after drying his garments at the fire, the office had sapped and paid no small attention to the strong waters upon the table, with th result that in place of being rough auq brutal, he was courtly gallant, making my shudder at his advances, an ended by catching me as I passed him and dragging me on to his knee. i Mr. Elcott ran to save me from insult, but a rude buffet sent him staggering back, an<| the ruffian was about to proceed to greater violence when my mother, who was very pale, laid her hand upon his arm, looked ap him in a way that made him loosen me; catch her soft white hand in his, and kiss if; rapturously. 4 Yes, yes,' he said with a drunken leer, 4 she is but a child, while you are quite a queen.' I scarcely know how we got away to our room, but it was not until the wretch had caught my mother in his arms and kissed her again and again that we escaped ; and no sooner was the door locked on the inside than my mother, who had exposed herself to insult to save me, sank upon her knees at my feet, and hid her face in her hands; moaning as if ready to break her heart. We passed that night listening to the beating of the storm and the noise made by the drunken soldiers, and in constant Hread lest we should be in some way annoyed. My mother seemedTo be gazing at me from time to time in a piteous way, as if asking my forgiveness, while t — I sat there with every nerve on the stretch, hoping, and yet dread ing, to hear the return of my father. I listened in vain, for neither our men nor those we loved returned, and when .the long night- gave place at last to day, there was the reason plainly enough —the waters were out, and as far as eye could see was one waste of grey lake, dotted with patches of reed and in one direction with trees. Unless they obtained a boat there was no possibility of my father and Stephen coming io us ; but that was not the worst feature of the case — the soldiers were made prisoners by the flood, and it might be days before they could get away. The morning had broken grey and raining heavily, tbe wind blew in gu. ts, and the surface of the flood was flacked and dashed by the rain till towards mid -day, when the creaking old vane over the attic swung round with a rush ; the wind shrieked by us, raising the water in . mimic waves, and then as suddenly dropped ; the surface of the flood grew smoother, and the strange chill shot through us, telling us that it was winter, and that the Frost Kiug had sud denly swept down. ; He had been long expected, for Christmas was close at hand/ and for weeks psc I had been hpping that we shonld have a good white; winter, with plenty of snow and frost, for some relatives and friends were coming down, and we meant the season to be a merry one. Here, then, was the true season ; but what a Christina it was to be! Parson Elcott had came to our door in 'good time, aud, after a short conversation, it . was thought better that we should go down and preside at the breakfast table as if nothing were the matter ; and soon after my mother hal done what she could to quiet the fears of the trembling maids, the officer came from the outer room where he had passed the night on the sofa. He looked red- eyed and scowling, walked into the kitchen, where his men .were having their morning meal, and then after hearing their report, and satisfying himself of its truth, he came back to where we waited by the blazing fire, which had been kept in all the night. 4 How do you manage when tke.waters are out here?1 he said sharply, gazing from one to the other. 4 Manage ?' I said, wonderiugly. 4 Yes, manage, girl You have boats, I suppose ?' No,' I replied ; 4 we wait till they sub side.' 4 And how long is that — an hour or two V 4 A week or two generally,' i said ; 4 some times they have flooded the place for a mouth.' 4 What!' he said, 4 stay in this cursed old Noah's ark of a phce for a mouth ? 4 The dwellers here are accustomed. to the floods sir,' said Mr. Elcott, "and wait patiently for the retiring of the waters !' 4 Humph!' said the officer, staling hard at my mother. 4 We came to take prisoners, then, and we are prisoners ourselves, is there no way back ? Could we not wade ?' 4 The water over the causeway is at least six feet deep, and, though it does not show there is a swift current/ Mr. Eicotk 4 You would certainly all be drowned. The officer fiui-hci his breakfast in silence and then rising, he gave orders to his men ; and once more the old place was thoroughly I searched from cellar to roof, into which t be S soldiers crawled. | We could dc BOthing bat submit to tile ! indiguity, my mother keeping close to toe all the morning, as if for protection, ohr bearts - beating violently every time the officer »n. preached. As I have said, there was a rap;dchanga abont mid-day, and we sat wondering where my father and Stephen might be, the sky grew bright and clear ; all was ealtn below and above there was a peculiar rushing sound in the airland on tbe sarfaee of the water-patches of ice began to appear. I dreaded the coming of night, but the stn descended inexorably, and I remember longing for Joshua's power to command it to stand still, and for the moon to be stayed feeling less fear of oor visitors in the broad daylight than nnder the mnrky winge 0f night. But the eon sank lower and lower a bright red angry ball, till it dipped in the distant waters, and left a bright glow in the steel-grey sky. The stars came ont rapidly quivering and sparkling in the darkening sky, and then it seemed as if we had suddenly been plunged into the depth of an Arctic winter. We were in a constant state of dread, and to add to oar other troubles, the maids came to us complaining of tbe treatment they re- ceived: but all the same the wonderful weather change impressed itself upon up and as I saw the ice form, and later on gazed from the open window and felt the strange tingling in my nostrils of the crystal-burdened air, I could not help clinging to a hope that there would soon be a bridge ready for onr escape. After a while the officer had seemed to accept his position, and from being harsh rude, and overbearing, he became civil to a degree that was terrible to us. f hastened by Mr. Elcott's advice, to see that the want of all our unwelcome visitors were well sop. plied. Their leader had the b> sfc our cellar produced, and the fires were kept brightly burning with heaped-up wood. But however the warm glow might gild the old oaken beams, and keep out the intense frost, no genial fire could chase away the cold chill of dread which seemed to freeze us both to the core as the night fell, and we seemed com pelled to accept the society of the man thus strangely forced upon us. We fled — literally fled at last— to my chamber, and crouched there together, pant ing with dread. The old lock, that in an ordinary way was never used, was turned and by the light of the solitary candle we vcatcoed it, expecting momentarily to see the handle turned. The cold WU3 bitter, and we clung together for warmth, till at last, worn out with anxiety aud fatigue, an intense desire to sleep came over me. I fought against it, and kept rising up to draw a blanket I had taken from my bed closer round my mother, and then sat once more watcbing the door. Sometimes I saw it distinctly, sometimes it seemed to fade away into the distance, and then again the bright brass handle reflected the faint light, and seemed to glow like a burning spot in the darkness. Then came the intense desire to sleep again, as if some thing were forcing my eyeiias down. Another effort, backed by the recollection of who wai below, and I was wide awake once more, but only to feel the power of nature demanding rest stronger than ever ; for, 'a a low, pi" eons sigh escaped from my .mother's breast, the bright spot of light by the door passed away, and I was talking to my father, asking where Steve was, and why they had been so long in coming. ' he door was open, and the wind seemed to blow in bitterly cold ; but my heart was leaping with gladness till I saw that he looked ter ribly pale, aud that he was clothed in white as with snow. I caught his arm, but it was bitterly cold, and I started beck from him— he was gone, and — What was that? I was awake again, and listening with a cold hand pressed to my lips to prevent me from calling out, as I supposed ; but it was needless— in those moments I could not have uttered word or sound, for I was as if frozen, and it was not until I heard a peculiar, lo r, grating sound that I awoke to the fact that it was my mother's hand pressing my lips, and that some one was trying the door. Three times over the handle was turned, and then there was a loud distinct tapping, repeated at intervals, till a rustling sound and the breaking of a board, which seemed terribly loud and distinct, let us breathe more freely, for it told us that our nocturnal visitor was gone. 4 Filbert, if help does not soon come, I shall die,' whispered my mother, piteously ; and then, clasping me to her breast, she made a brave effort to summon her courage and to comfort me, bidding me take heart, for help mast soon arrive, and there was nothing to fear. 4 Perhaps it was the ghost from the Grey Chamber, after all, child. It is said to walk just before Christmas time.' i?he laughed ; but it was in a strange, hysterical manner, aud at last we dropped asleep locked in each other's arms The next morning the officer was less rude and uncourteons ; he tried, in tarn, to say civil things to all at breakfast, and gave it as his opinion that if the frost went on, they would be able to march over the ice in another twenty four hours. The day passed ou wearily enough. gazed from the upper windows, but there was nothing to be seen but ice and the grey sky,- with the distant trees of High Cumbers and I wondered whether those we loved were there, while a strange chill came over me as I asked myself whether any accident had befallen them in the flood. Brighter thoughts came directly as I re called my father's knowledge, and how he would , be able to take care and avoid the gathering waters as they cime. Towards night the snow came down for a out an hour, covering everything with its pure, white mantle, and then ceased for the frost to grow more intense, and at last we sat together in the big parlour, trying to warm by the great fire, as we listened to th® voices of the soldiers in the kitchen. Filbert,' whispered my mother, fo u® go aud sp ak to those poor girls. '! hey must be half crazy with fear/ I rose, and we went together to the wo® lo which they escaped as soon as they had done preparing meals for our unwelcome guests but, to oar surprise, they were not there, ahd though we sought in aU directions, thoy seemed to have been spirited away. It was too dark to search outside, or we might have tracked them by their footprints . brftltraa evidentthattheyfiiui got a\wto MekiSopie tuding-plac thAbeyOyed they might be safe. . ' We faadbsrdly returned to thebig parlour before. the officatcame in, and Bfflated himself in front of. the .fire, holding his thick shoes to the blaze, so that thb warmth should melt the snow f romthein and his long white gaiters. fie; was very quiet and thoughtful, but there was a strange look in his eye, which made me more than ever uneasy, and on ex changing glances with Mr. Elcotfc, I saw that he, too; was suspicious. At. last, ho wever, as the evening wore on; the officer turned to my mother suddenly. ; ' Why is that Gray Chamber always kept locked up? ' It is said to be haunted,1 replied my mother. ' Oh,1 he said, sarcastically ; ' and how often does the ghost walk ?' ' I do not know,1 said my mother, firmly; 'but it is said to appear at times. I can1!: tell you more.1 ' I should not advise it to walk while my men are here,1 he said, with a. laugh ; ' they might be trying its temper with a musket bullet or t o. . fie looked meaningly at us, as if bidding us not attempt to play any tricks upon him, and taking up a pipe he sat and smoked and drank till, seizing the opportunity when he was talking in a bantering tone to Mr. Elcott, we slipped away to our room. ' Filbert,' whispeied my mother, ' those girls must have fled across the ice. Quick, child, your cloak and hood, and let ns make for Sigh Cumbers.1 'But the ice— it will not bear,1 I said, panting with dread. ' Let it give us a grave, then,1 she said, hoarsely ; ' better die than meet in dis honour those we love. Quick, girl, quick.1 I obeyed her without a word, and together we slipped down the stairs in onr grey cloaks and hoods, heard the officer's voice speakiDg, and as we saw the light streaming out from beneath the door, we paused in the hall, not daring to. pass; but taking my mother's cold hand in mine it seemed lo rouse her from her lethargy, and we passed the door, made for the side entrance, but were again checked by a burst of voices in uproarious merriment from the kitchen. ' Ho dare they I1 cried my mother indig nantly ; and, nerved by her anger, she led the way, unbolted the side entrance, and we stood out upon the snow. — Once a Week . (to bs continued.) 