DEAD, YET LIVING. LOSD ALFRED CLINTON S ROMANTIC ADVEN TURES. - THE WANDERING HEIRI- SUPPOSED SUICIDE AND A COFFIN FILLED WYITH BRICKS-SEQUEL TO A PECULIAR TRIAL. " A chance discovery of mine last. summer," observed Mr. Arthur Hamersmyth, the artist, to a Mercury reporter, in his cosy stuidio overlookli- i iung Union Square, " has developed a most extraordinary romance in the by no means otherwise prosaic history of a titled English family. Its hero is legally a dead man who is yet alive, a lord who is nob a lord, but a hack: driver, and his brother, who is not ai peer, though he enjoys the title and possessions of one. The story has a plot about as intricate as the solution of the fifteenthpuzzle or theworkingof the Keely motor, and is directly connected with a celebrated ease which was in its time as familar to the English speaking world as the Bocsher scanpdal. Its hero, and at least two of tlhe other characters in it, have resided in this bity. I refer to three of the princijials in . THE OBLTON AND P.AUK CASE. '"In the spring of 1871;, two'wonien of.the deii-monde ittrarieted the atten tion路 of ,?the most' noted: -rones' in L?ondon, iamong: them several descen dants'-b f George he Fourith; wvho vied with the less, exalted :farst obirld in courting the favodui of thlie sirens. .Tlhe enchantressess were true queens of the hlf .world .a: trhes ire::careers': were balefully royal ones. To- their admir?rss they wer'e kno?in as Mlles.: Leontine and: -Therrse. Their: equipages. weore the best,their horses the .finest a"mongst all the briliiant cavalcdades that are to be 路seen every; finse afternoon ne IRotte Rodw. '.' The most devoted of the courtiers of this stiange' pair was Lord Alfredc 'Clinton, the son of tlhe Duke of Nedw castle, a blood of tlho; fasest order. He accompnied t~hem everynhere to that :'extent 'that the trio became notorionusly inseparable. He occupied a suite of apartments i,nthe honse they resided:in, and his most confi-I dential business affairs were frequently transacted in thehr.presence. His in-, fatiiation became so notorious tlhst his relatives interfered to check it, but they might as well have tried to dam the Gulf Stream, and had, finally, to abandon the effort. Lord Alfred went bngiving aibdiences to his dependents in the lioudors of the club, who had made him their slave. In the mean time an ugly rtimor was taking definite. .shape, and soon resolved itself into. the openly avowed suspicion that Therese and Leontine were not women at all, but * MEN IN DISGUISE. " The'suspicion, at first confined to the fast clubs, gained groimua and, definite shape until the papers began to hint vaguely at it. Several well known men employed detectives toi trace, the mantter, but the quarry had been, warned and the slill of the: best sleuth hounds proved unavailing. The police, however, became cognizant of the whispered.scandal, and Scot-: land Yard was set to work. At first all efforts, proved' as futile as those of the priviate detectives had been. .At last the hairdresser who rendered the services of his craft:to:Therese and Leontine was ferretted out. For a heavy bribe he acklinowledged thd rumour was correct. His:customers averie young mIen. He was 'in ithe h~abit of shaving them every morning at ten o'cloclk 'in their bedrooms and dressing their wigs. Acting on this information the police arrested the pair' in a private box at the Strand Theatre, where they were seated. in company with Loid Alfred. Next morning tihe police magistrate found them guilty . of a misdemeanor in ap pearing in public in. female apparelj and find them two . pounds 'each. They paid the fine and were about td leave the court, "when a detective whispered something to the magis tiateo, who,. without hesitation, re manded them without bail. Upon a further examination t~hey' were com: mitted for trial without bail.. Lord Alfred Clinton was' released on his own bond'for .5,000 to appear. AS PAuTICEPS CIMINIS. " The prisoners obstinately refused 'o give their real names, but these were subsequently ascortained to bd Ernest Bolton and Henry Parks. The father of one was an eminent at torney, and of the other a wealthy professional man. The trial I need not dilate upon, as the lengthy details have long been as familiar to the American as to the English public. After giving bail, Lord Alfred Clinton went to Cornwall, where he owned an estate. Previous to the trial he com mitted suicide in a little hamlet, near' Land's End, and was buried in the' villago church, under a tomb which bears his name to this day. "So much for tho facts as far as the public ]know them. I was em ployed at thlat timo as special artist of a London paper, and attended the trial, and got sketches of all theo prin-! cipals. Their appearance was, there fore, perfectly familiar to me. The case had long been relegated to the limbo of my memory, when I cameo out of the Junior Garriek Club one. afternoon last June. It wais.raining, and I hailed an empty cab which was passing. There was something familiar about the driver's face which fiirly startled me. All during the long drive I kept reverting to it. It took such possession of me that when I got out I' asked the man his name. He said it was Cloudesly. I took the number of his vehicle surreptitiously, in order not TO ExcrI'E ms SusIICION. Two days later I picked up a club newspaper, and the very first para graph my eyes lighted on was to the cffect that Lord Alfred Clinton's ghost had been seen in London. Like a flash all came jback to me. I knew now who my cabman was. To make sure I raked over my old sketches, and I found half a dozen of the man in question. To find tihe cab again was an easy task. To verify the sketches equally plain. It was indeed the fact. The cabman Cloudesly wvas the dis graced poeer, who Was supposed to have committed suicide in Cornwall, to escape a public trial for a shameful crime, or resemblances LIED INTTEfLR OWN FACE. y_1-noblrer--resides ,in Cornwall; I sitways spend :a :coiiple of months there. This time:shesawh but little of me. I. , was busy investign? ing the Cliniton suicide. Within ten days I had discovered that' tlhe scene of Lord Alfred's snpposed desperate demise ivas a village on his own property, whose people were devoted to him with the feality common to such folk in rural England. The suicido was a slham from beginning to.end. The Clinton tomb covered A COFI.IN FULL OF IGNOBSLE BniICKS fromi portion of the rained park wall. The man who was reported to be in it had- sailed for: South America in a vessel clartered ..by his agent.. .Since I hiae been hliere I have learned more. I hirive met peoplevoilo -oncountered Loid Alfrled Clinton in Ihis wanderings throutgh Soitl and Central Americs. He had been to tlhe Wesit: Indies, but hiadbeeen i路cgnised whliereveri he went and kept on thj路tlove. It was pro bably with .tlihe .belief that the best place to lose oneself is: a big city that he returhed at last to London. About six years &go; he suddenly aplpeared in NeW '.-York... "He was reegenised on Broadway'and spoken to, but of course denied his identity. Two days later the person w:ho had; spoken to him receivbd a letter'inviting him to call at a well-known theatrical boarding house, andesigned Carstone: He went, In slhabby roolii. he found Lord Alfred Clinton.- The latter apolo gised foi his ' apparent discourtesy. He had, lie;said,. been so ,harassed by recognitions of a similar chmracter that. he dared not eveiin' acknowledge a valued friend. "R olying on the honor of this one, lie had sent for.him to ask a favour him. It was fit him to act as an .inte-mediariy.between himself and family. Up to 'tqe last mails he had been in receipt of remittances from i relative. These had ceased under circum stances which show thant had no inten tion of renewing.them again. Hle had taken offence at. a couple of heavy drafts drawn on him' from South America. Lord . Alfred had then written home.. In reply he:received a letter which is here." The letter was a. bi-ief.epistle on buff paper, with a monogram in the corner. It reaid:-" Sir,-LYouir commimication of the 1st ultimo is before me. I have only to sity that my son Alfred is dead. In assuming his name and claim you must either be thevictim of a delusion or a wilful impostor.'' " The fugitive's desire" continued Mr.'I E amersmyth, " was *to open personal negotiations with his people through a fricnd. . He requested this one to assume thlie office. After some reflection tha' latter consented. His business called hims to England that month and :he undertook' the friendly task. Lord Alfled awaited his return here, withl occihsioiial lying visits to Boston, Philadelphia 'and tihe like. His bills were paid by' two, at the time, very. successful ..variet?y per-. formers, impersonators of male ,and female characters, who were dra?ing numbers of morbid amusemei?ts seekers to a Broadway thoeatre.' These twvo, it wvas well known,; were none' other'tlan Bolton mand Parks, whose dase was still frosh in the popular memory. It was beyond a'doubt the knowledge of their presence in New York which ihad .lured the fugitivo from his tropical obscurity, TUE LENGTH OF1IIlS STAY. here is uncertain. He chianged ad dresses several times. The men went abroad. He publicly .accompniied them. In the mcantime his agent had been pushing his intebrests at home onl;y to discover that he had helplessly ostranged his flimily. He had had a liberal allowance from'them, but this he did not find enough. He made such heavy draughts upon them that they lhad expostulatedl. The protest went umnoticed by him. At last it wVas hinted he was guilty of a very heavy FORGERY. It was the last straw. Already a heavy sufferer by his exactions, the relative only wannted this excuse to end them. The remittances ceased for good, and unless he succeeds in raising money fIrom them by personal importunities, Lord Alfred Clinton makes no behtter living than the cabman Cloudesley. Hlie dares not set up a public claim, of comuso. Lord Alfred Clinton has no existence in the eyes of the law he has outraged. He is a Wandering Jew of society: Alive or dead he has his acknowledged resting place in that little church at Land's End. His brother holds his earthly title with a grip he cannot shake." " And you believe he is alive ?" NO CORPSE IN THAT COFFIN. "I know there was no corpse in that coffin, andl I know thile rest, ns I have told it you. Another point, which I had forgotten. While in this city it was noticed that ~ir. Ca'stone, Lord Alfred, or whatever you may call him, had a sc?r across his forehead, tho resulnt of a blow, which divided hisleft eyebrow, leaving a bare patch in its track. The ifac of the cabman Cloudesley is marred by the same scarl'." A month's imprisonment in gaol was thought by an Irishman a trifling sen tence, because, as it was in the depth of wvinter, the days weore so short. 