general news. His Excellency the Governor has an nounced that it is his intention to be present at the Theatre Royal this evening. A special meeting of the South Hamley Mining Company was to have been held at the rffice of the company. King William-street, on Monday, October 25, for the purpose of consider ing the advisability of winding-up the company. A quorum could not be formed, however, and the meeting was adjourned for a week. The Rev. J. W. Bamber, hon, sec. to Mr. Matthew Burnett's temperance committee, Port Adelaide, informs us that the total number of persons who signed the pledge on Saturday night, October 23, was 152. In addition to this 32 signed during the week, making a total of 184 signatures as the result of Mr. Burnett's first week's work at Port Adelaide. The hearing of.DeYoungs insolvency case: was continued on Monday, October 25, before the Commissioner of Insolvency. Several witnesses were examined, and the hearing, on theaipplioation of the insolvent's oounsel, was adjourned for three weeks. The maintenance order of JE5 per week was withdrawn for the present, there being a possibility that the assignees would be ont of pocket on this item, the case having been so long in the court. A; bow meeting of the Adelaide Archery Club was held on Saturday, Ootober 23. The silver arrow for the ladies' highest scare was won by Mrs. F. Wright with 245, less blue, black, and white rings, 120; second, Miss Crawford, 140 less black and white, 108; third, Miss Horn, 187, less blue, blaok, and white, 103. The! silver arrow for the gentlemen's highest score was wen by Mr. Smyth; second, Mr. Kelly. The ladies' challenge prize was won for the first time by Mr. CHalloran. During the Cup week in Melbourne an interesting competition is to take place between six members of the Adelaide Polo Club and a team of the same number representing Viotoria. By the steamer South Australian, whioh left for Melbourne on Saturday, eight well-trained ponies were sent to take part in the forth coming natchissa At a meeting of the Match Committtee of the South Australian Grioketing Association, held on Saturday evening, October 23, it was finally decided that the twelve men who played against sixteen on the Oval on Saturday after noon should contest the forthcoming inter colonial matoh. Mr. J. E. Gooden was chosen practice captain, and Mr. F. King as vice captain. It was resolved that the election of a captain for the match should be left with the team. On Monday morning, October 25, Mr. Joseph Wilde, of Bowden, reported to the police that a laborer named Thomas Hughes, vged 22 years, and living in Spencer-stre6t, had been hilled that morning by being crushed between two railway trucks near the North Ade laide Railway Station: Deceased and a man named Moyle wereengaged in painting trucks in the siding of the North Adelaide line, when Kome other trucks loaded with water-pipes ran against the empties that deceased was painting, > nd crushed his head between the buffers. The lorener has been communicated with. The works in operation at the Sorata are i rooeeding rapidly. On Saturday, Ootober 23, five feet of water was pumped out of the fore hold, whioh is now comparatively dry. Nearly all the bags of clay that were to be placed in her bottom have been' fixed, and the planking-over was commenced on Sunday. The Albatross leaveB Port Adelaide to-day with the last lot. of requisites for the attempt to fioat her, whioh will probably be made towards the end of the week. Many nautical men are confident that the vessel will be floated off the rocks satisfactorily. If so'she will have to be taken round to Melbourne for repairs. The engines are reported to be in'good order, and can be set in operation in about three days. The hopper barge which' sunk on Thursday last knocked a hole in the port side of the Sorata about six feet in length and nine inohea in width. The leak thus caused was, however, soon covered over. It is stated that Captain Fowler knew nothing about the clause in the insurance policy of the barge which required the Albatross to stand by her. Before he sent the Albatross to Port Ade laide he wired eo Messrs. Stilling & Go. with reference to it, but receiving no answer allowed the steamerto go. . At the Banco sittings of the Supreme Court on Saturday, in the case of Frmby and Another v.' the Corporation, judgment was en tered for the defendants, the question of costs and the coBt of the interim injunction being re served. In the matter of Judkins against Thomas (paid! proprietor of the Register), an action for libel, the Full Court hasgranted the application for a rule for a new trial. In granting the rule the Chief Justice remarked that his colleague, Mr. Justice Gwynne, thought the question worthy of further discussion, but added that his own impression was not very favorable to the plaintiff; and Mr. Justice Gwynne supple mented those remarks by telling the counsel for the plaintiff (Mr. W. V. Smith) that he could have the rule if he'had the courage of his opinions^^. The following is 'Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Fort Darwin Telegraph Line:—Port Darwin, S.E., cloudy, dull; Southport, .S.E,, cloudy, dull, threatening; Yam Greek,calm,cloudy,thunder storm in-night; Fine Greek, calm, oloudy, thunderstorm iu night; River Katherine, calm, oloudy, dull; Daly Waters," S3!., cloudy, fine; Powell Creek, N.E., cloudy,-dull; Tennant Greek, S.E.," clear, fine, pleasant; Barrow Greek, SJS4 clear, fine, warm; Alice Springs, S.E., clear, fine; Charlotte Waters, S.E., clear,fine; Peake, S.W.,. clear, fine; Strangways Springs, S.E., clear, fine; Farina, S.E., clear,"fine; Beltana, N.E., clear, fine. lie following is a record .of the rain fall between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same hour on Monday:— Mannum ... 0 080 Mount Pleasant 0*3*20 Gumeraoha: ... 0*200 Mount Barker... 0*310 Echunga* ... 0*285 Strathalbyn ... 0*110 Willunga ... 0*030 Normanville ... 0*125 Port Lincoln... 0*020 Kingscote ... 0*230 Port Elliot ... 0*103 Border Town... 0*030 Port Darwin ... 4*590 Southport - ... - 0*540 famCreek ... 0*800 River*OathetiBe 0*110 Wilmington .... 0*030 Caltowie ... 0*030 Jamestown" .'. ' 0*160 Gladstone ... 0*050 Narrxdy ... "0*060 Georgetown ... 0*100 Redhill ... 0*040 Eooringa ... 0*200 Glare 0*090 Sir Henry Parkes, the Premier of New South "Wales, has sent a telegram to the South Australian Government announcing that he has forwarded an invitation to them to be present at a conference to be held respecting the border duties. The Government have agreed to take part in the conference, but the time and place have yet to be arranged. ; A circular despatch has been received by the government from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, stating that the Right Hon. Earl of Camperdown and Mr. Samuel Whitbread, M.P., have been appointed members of the Defence Commission, in place of the Right Hon H. O. E. Ghilders, M.P., and Mr.T. Brassey, M.P., who have been discharged. ■ The. Rev. O. Copland was to have lectured in connection with the North Adelaide Young Men's Society to-night, but owing to in disposition the lecture has been postponed. A sale of the surplus goods in connection with St. John's Church Bazaar was held at the schoolroom on Friday and Saturday last. There was a good attendance on both occasions, | and most of the stock was cleared out at satis factory rates. A boy named James Donobue was ad mitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Sunday, October 24, suffering from a fractured skull, which injury was caused by a kick from a horse . at Fullarton. A boy named John Chaplain was admitted on the same day suffering from a broken thigh. The injury was occasioned while the boy was birdneBting at Mitcham. \-- A* carter named Fredk. Selby, in the employ of Mr. O. Hudson, of Salisbury, was driving a waggon lead of manure along the 'Grand -Junction- road,near Port Adelaide, oil Saturday morning, Ootober 23, when he fell out in front of the wheels, one of which passed over him. He was attended to as soon as possible by Dr. Gething, who found that several of his ribs and one of his legs were broken. Selby is now in the Casualty Hospital progressing as favor ably as can be expected. The following message was received from the Acting Government-Resident in the Northern Territory by the Minister of Education (the Hon. T. King) on Saturday, October 23:— " Mr. Surveyor. Lindsay returned yesterday, having completed survey of Roper. River, Two more natives have been arrested for participa tion in murder of Holjmes. Remanded for fur ther evidence. Ten 'tons cane' cuttings will leave Government. Nursery to-morrow for- Da Liesa's sugar- plantation, where work is being' pushed vigorously." ' On Sundays "afternoon .the' city coroner instituted enquiries concerning the sudden death of Benjamin Phillips, servant at- the Green Dragon Hotel, South- terrace, and late a ribbon weaver from Coventry, Warwickshire. The deceased bad for some time boon suffering from a severe cough, and it was ascertained that he had been an inmate of the Home for Incurables. - Dr. Joyce was called in, but on his arrival the man. was dead. The doctor states that the cause of death was consumption. An inquest is therefore considered unnecessary. On Saturday afternoon, October 23, a scholars' service in connection with the annual meetings of the S.A Sunday- school Union was held iu the Town Hall, Adelaide. There was only a fair attendance.. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., in the absence of the Hon. R. A. Tarlton, M.L.O., presided. After a children's address by the Rev. O. Manthorpe, the service of song, " Messiah," was given by about fifty children and adults. The,Rev. R. M. Hunter read the connective passages, and Mr. Jas. Shakespeare presided at the organ. The service waB given in a highly creditable manner, and was apparently much enjoyed. The city coroner held an inquest at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Adelaide, ou Satur day afternoon, October 23, on the body of John Purvis, a youth of ten or eleven years of age, who was killed on the morning of the same day by being run over by a cart. Mr. J. Lewis was foreman - of the jnry. James Purvis, green grocer and father of the deoeased, said he was coming in company with his son in his cart along 'the Port-road on Saturday morning. Stopped at the Prince Alfred Hotel and took some vegetables inside, leaving his son to mind the cart in the road. On coming out a few minutes afterwards found deoeased lying on his face in the road about fifty yards from the hotel. The horse was moving on. The: boy was quite dead. The horse had turned round since he left it, and was going away from the Port. It was generally a very quiet animal, and had never played him any tricks. The deceased had been acoustomed to sit in the cart whilst witness delivered the vegetables. Mary MoKanna, servant at the Jervois Hotel, said she witnessed the accident from a window of the hotel. There |was some greenfeed a short distance. away, and* the horse turned round to get at it. Deceased pulled the reins, and the horse turned very sharply, throw ing him out of the trap. One of the wheels passed over his head. Dr. Toll said he had ex amined the deceased, and found that death was caused by a fracture of the skull. A verdict of accidental death was returned. Mr. Matthew Burnett held a large open air meeting at the Flagstaff, Part Adelaide, on Saturday evening, October 23, to initiate his temperance campaign in the district. There were about 2,000 persons present, several hun dreds of whom had followed in the torchlight precession, which had previously paraded the town. The chair was taken by Mr.D. Bower, M P., who was accompanied on the platform by Mr. Matthew Burnett, Mr. W. B. Stephens (hon. sec), Mr. Reuben Gill, the Revs. J. Bamber, S. Raymond, A. Stubbs, and R. Kelly, and Mr. E. Honnslow (seamen's missionary). The .chairman in opening the ■ meeting said that the people of Port Adelaide required men of Mr. Burnett's stamp among them as much as any other place in the colony, and he therefore gave him a hearty welcome, and trusted that he would be able to do a great deal of good. If the Port Ade laide people turned teetotallers he would have great pleasure in converting his public-houses into coffee-shops. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. W. Bamber said it gave him great pleasure to welcome: Mr. Burnett amongst them. He had known him for a period of sixteen years, during. which time he had always been an earnest and devoted temperance advocate. Their motto was " Temperance men are sure to win," and when he. said that the [members of the various temperance lodges numbered over 750 he thought they had a good foundation to commence with. He trusted that the friends of temperance wonld rally round Mr. Burnett, and assist him in his good work by every means in their power. On behalf of the temperance cause of Port Ade laide he then gave Mr. Burnett a hearty wel come. The Rev. A. Stubbs said that he re garded Mr. Bower as the friend of the working men,andas such he was pleased tosee that he had felt it his duty to preside over them that evening. He alluded to Commodore Goedenough, who after having taken the chair at several teetotal meetings Bigned the pledge himself, and no one would rejoice more than he (the speaker) to see Mr. Bower do likewise, and enlist himself in the great temperance cause. He had known Mr. Burnett, the greatest temperance and sooial reformer in the southern lands, for more than 'seventeen years. He knew him in Victoria, and was present when he delivered his first tempe rance addressat Geelong. Since that time he had done an immense amount of good, which he trusted would be largely increased by his stay at; Port Adelaide, The speaker then de livered a pithy address on the advan tages of total abstinence. The Rev. R. Kelly - and - Mr. Hounslow also spoke a few words of welcome to Mr. Burnett. Mr. W. B. Stephens, after expressing his pleasure at seeing Mr. Bower identifying himself with the temper ance cause, said .that Mr. Burnett had done a large amount of good in Adelaide, and the £200 which his visit had cost had been exceedingly well spent. Hp might say that not a sixpence of that sum had come from the funds of the temperance lodges. (A voice—"What about the Chinese ?") Some one had alladed to the Chinese. He would say that they would dp well to imitate the Chinese in their habits of sobriety. (Groans.) Dnring the 22 years that he had re sided in Victoria and this colony he had never seen a single drunken Chinaman. (Cheers and groans.) Mr. Burnett (who was interrupted several times by calls for Mr. Gill) said that if Mr. Gill spoke that night he would not do so on the next Saturday night, and moreover he (the speaker) would not address them that evening. He had brought Mr. Gill out to address the work ing men of Adelaide and the other parts of the colony, and he was sure that he had sufEoient of the instincts of a gentleman to decline to speak that night. Mr. Gill here said he would ad dress them on the following Saturday evening. Mr. Burnett, in proceeding, expressed, his ap preciation of the generous offer of Mr. Bower to close his public-houses if the people of the Port turned teetotallers. He had always llad a leaning towards the Portonians, and he was very glad that he was going to have thei leasure ■ of residing amongst them for three or four weeks. He trusted that they would for, the time forget their politioial differences, and that people of all denominations would rally round under one flag. If they believed that he would lead them to peace and happiness, were they prepared tofollow him? (Yes, yes.) All those who would do so, would they with the utmost of the enthusiasm which characterised Portonians in anything they undertook say " Yes?" (Cries of "Yes, yes.") He understood there were at present nearly 800 members of temperance lodges in Port Adelaide; if these would come forward and help him in his work they would be astonished at the results. He would pnt down as the direct ontcome of hiB crusade 2,000 abstainers. (Cheers.) After the speeches 165 persons came forward and signed the pledge. The Black Diamond Minstrels are an nounced to give an entertainment in the Albert Hull (German Club) this evening in aid of the bnilding fund of the hall. We are requested to call attention to the fact that the steamer Claud Hamilton will sail for Melbourne on Wednesday next, and not, as previously announced, on Tuesday. Professor Pepper presented a new pro gramme at Garner's Theatre on Saturday even ing, when there was a good attendance. Several scenes were portrayed in which ghosts of various descriptions played prominent parts greatly to the amusement and surprise of the audience. The fine statuary representations were mnoh appreciated ; and the dioramic views of London, with the Professor's explanatory remarks, proved very interesting. The shadow- pantomime, which was mnoh enjoyed, concluded the enter tainment, whioh will he repeated this evening. Professor Pepper intends giving three lectures under the auspices of the Education Department on " Popular astronomy." 