BREAKFASTS. Signs are not wanting thai_ this time-, honored meal Is, from a aooial point oi view, falling Into disrepnte. People are beginning to discover that it is a nuisance to assemblo to- gether at a particular hour for their early food, and that lively conversation is incompatible with tho penianl of morning letters. The loud hlening urn which — Throws up a steamy column, .arid tho cupa dilnt choor hut nob inebriate, are slightly looked upon with auopioion, Ugly rumors are about that hot tea is deBtroctivoof digestion, coffee ie said to be too heating, and ' cocoa mnet be transformed Into coooatina bo- fore it Is fit for consumption. Every one must, admit that ton and fish are not agreeabla allies and a hot cutlet floated downwards on a eoa ol- coffce, when fairly realised, ought to occasion, qualms of gasLonomlo conscience. Better tbo breakfasts of onr coble ancestors, "a loa! off. bread in henchcs, two maaebetB, n quart, oft . beer, a quart of wine, two places oi aalfc fish, eix baconed herrings, four wbffu herrings, or a dish of sprats" (1 1) To the man of business breakfast Is always more ot lees buttled, and, therefore, unwholesome ; to tho men ot pleasure it Is simply a bore, beoauso he has to tree nt, to him, untimely hours, .when he has not euffiolgntly dreamed ovot Us laaV liottle of elaret, and appears morose and de cidedly dull. This Is becoming thoroughly re cognised, and In many sensibly conducted country houses the ladies do cot appear till afterwards. How different from the oharm of a French breakfast. When our lively neighbors sit down to their repast at eleven or twelve, tbey have broken the neok of the day's work. They eat literally to "restore" themselves, and they have earned their reward. Englishmen who when abroad adapt themselves to foreign habits will have remarked bow much gayer a Frenohmau is at that time than at dinner. Ha may have done a good stroke on the Bourse, and. he sits down elated ; be may have made a bad one, and ho foresees consolation, Tho late Mortimer Collins has written some admirable remarks on this subject. He assumes tbo case of a man who lives by some work whioh he can do when he lists. Living snoh a life I venture to think that yon should take two meals daily — prandium, whleh is neither for breakfast nor lunoheon, but . something better than either ; and ooenn, which is dinner. As to the honra yon aro yonr own maBter. From eleven to twelve I reoom- mend lor pracdlnm, and It should be a meal of oold meats, prawns, and lobsters (why omit oystere ?), fruit, salad, strawberry pies, and sardines, cold game when it is attainable, light wines according to the season." Your ghost Of a breakfast lu England, your curst tea ami toast, s Tom Moore puts It, Is an ntter absurdity. The man who has heavy and definite work to do Is most nnwise to begin his day in suoh fashion. A lobster and some hook, or a oold gionso and some Burgundy, would sot him up for the day more thoronghly. Sir Henry Thompson, In his recent work on Food and Feeding, thus, somewhat contemptuously, dis misses the repaBt: — "Hero (in England) break fast la the most irregular in its ser vice, and leaBt of all demands general and intimate ooherence of the party as sembled. Individual interests ooncerned in the letter- bag, In the morning news, in plans for the day, in oases of coming business, &c.;, aro respected, Provision for acknowledged dletetlo peculiarities on the part of Individuals Is not forgotten, and ever; one comes or goes as he pleases." That may be Sir Henry's blessed experience, but it Is not tbo ordinary goest's nnless ba wills It so, at the risk, nay, almost the certainty, of inonrring sour looks for the rest of the day from tho hostess. It is recorded of Dnmas the elder that he allowed himself one hour a day (from twelve to one) for his breakfast, wbieh was simple. . Here he received bis friends for a oosy obat and glasB. - It is evident that he loved it for its simpliclity's sake and Kb sans gene. His definition ot dejenoer in his "Dlotlonsry of the kitoheu" ia — " O'est le repas du matin ou celui da midi. Ce dernier doit etre servi sans nappo et sans etiquette rigourense." It is undoubtedly the restoration for literary men, after four or five hours' morning work, with a jolly companion or two. Sam Rogers's reputation as a giver of breakfasts will outlive bis poetry, and it is possible that the highest of his pleasures of memory was when he asked a lady one night at the opera, "Will you coino and breakfast with me to morrow morning ?" ahe replied, " Won't I J" 01 all the delightful pages of Brillat-Savarin, none are more delightful than thoee in whioh be recounts the breakfast he gave to his rclatlonp, two old gentlemen, one a dootor, the other a captain, of the respective ages of reventy-cigbt and seventy- six. Tbe boar appointed was ten o'ebek. The . old gentlemen arrived punctnally, and smiled when they saw the table laid with anow-wbite linen for three. Two dozen oysters were be fore each gueat, accompanied by a lemon, ehluy and golden ; and at each end of the table a bottle of Bauterne carefully wiped. " Alas !" says tbo host by way of parenthesis, "I have Ken tbe last, or nearly so, of those oyster breokfastB, formerly so frequent and eo gay, when one used to swallow them by thousands. Tbey disappeared with the abbes who never oat less than a gross, and with tbo knights who never left off." The oystere were followed by kidneys a la brochette, a pate de foie graB, and finally by a fondue, which tbe hoet made himself on the table before hfa guests. Frnltaof the season nd sweetmeatB followed, and then coffee and llqnonrs. Sorely there Je elegance and sim plicity here, and it 1b sb good a epeoimen of what a French breakfast ought to be ae oan be fonnd. It is to be observed, too, how moderate they were in their wine, only two bottles of Santerne, and tbey in all probability were not finished. We cannot help thinking that after snob a repast tbe laziest of mortals would return to bis work, if not invigorated and aotive, at Ieaet vowing better thinga. The French lady who wrote the Maieon Rnstiqne dee Dames recommends only two dishes forbrekfast, or three at tbe most — one ef cold meat, one of vegetables, onemado with milk. English mammas will be, perhaps, glad to bear that y nng eh children ought to break- r> nn » on„ri (-.1 ,c> ur cottee; aua - dish of vegetables, or eggs. She says that it laa mistake to suppose that children thrive an a snconlent alimentation, and thBt R gives them stregtb. Simple and wholesome fare, combined with exercise, is the best. We open at random a deservedly popnlar cookery book, written by a lady, which gives menna for breakfasts and dinners all through the y ear, and on 14th Jane we find we are to have for breakfast — "Potted prawns, eels made hot, slices of venison broiled, fruit!" Even'the dnra ilia of Horace's mowers could not have stood snch fare at nine in the morning and tbe hoary dyspeptlo will tnrn with a shudder from each a menu, in Jnne,too, to tbe old man's breakfast qnated above, smiling with approval, while owning with a algh, perhap-, that if he bad been there he might have had to pretermit the fole grae.- — Globe 