? SHEPHERDING. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I hope you will not think I am troubled with the cacoethes scribendi in writing a second letter on Shepherding. My notice of " P. W.D.'s" article seems to have touched a sore place in my master—" Lover of Right." I must beg L.O.R. to keep to the point when he pays me the honor of criticising my letters. Does not "Amicus" admit that a "fair share" of the minister's time should be spent in " family visits." The question in dispute is, who shall decide what is a " fair share V' Are the people individually to be judges, and is every man who pays to the minister's support to be his master, and dictate to him the " quantity and kind of work" he is to render 1 If so, I pity the poor serving parson. Is the minister to be accountable to some church meeting for his pastoral work 1 If so, in all justice to him, if the meeting cannot trust him, he should be requested to bring a report of the family visits made by him, before he is complained against or condemned. What member of a meeting is prepared to say whether or not the minister has done his duty ? I suppose they do not watch him eveiy day like masters who are suspicious of the honesty of their servants. I suppose even L.O.R. will admit that unreasonable complaints may be made. I still hold the opinion that a faithful minister knows best what his church needs, and, as a rule, is as deeply interested in the salvation of souls as my critic. I should advise L.O.R. to seek the removal of those unfaithful shepherds he knows who " care more for position and loaves and fishes than the souls of men." A man is not a very fervent lover of right if he can listen to and support such ministers as is here referred to. My friend's (if a Bervant may take such liberty) reference to time spent in the study in preparation for the pulpit, reminds me of a man who said the same thine; to his minister one day, and advised him to trust to the Holy Ghost for his sermons, and reminded him of the promise, " open thy mouth wide and I will fill it." " Then according to your theory," said the minister, " my sermon will be in proportion to the size of my mouth." We believe a preacher should make all the preparation he can, and then trust to the Holy Spirit. Our local preaohers are a noble self-denying class of men, who do wonders for the Methodist Churches, and no one will dispute but that some of them would be a great deal more acceptable in the pulpit if they could spend more time in the Btudy. I dare Bay Mr. Editor could name one minister who spends time in the study writing articles for the newspapers, and he could no doubt tell L.O.R. that that minister thinks that time could not be better spent. These remarks bring up another question I heard 522 discussed some time ago. Some have the idea, perhaps L.O.R. among the rest, that a minister's body, soul, and mind, night and day, must be given up to the church of which he is "servant." To write an article for the newspaper, or deliver a lecture for which he receives remuneration, ia a breach of contract. Our opinion is, that if a minister faithfully discharges his duty to the church, that anything else he can do, either by -writing a boolr, writing articles to the papers, or delivering lectures to help poor humanity by administering pleasure or strengthening morals, he is in all lionesty at liberty to do so. He is not only a pastor, but he is a citizen, and there are family duties. L.O.R. is terribly frightened of " priestly talk." One can fancy how I quaked while 1 read his prediction of my coming doom. Let me tell my friend I don't believe in the priesthood any more than he does, and therefore cannot help thinking his "stupid head has made a mistake." I referred to " ruling at official meetings" in the capacity of chairman only. Meetings generally confer the honor of presidency upon the minister, not because they think he is a priest, nor because they wish him to be " priestly" in his talk, but I suppose it is because they think he knows how to conduct the business of the meeting as well as any other member of the meeting. I should be very willing t® give way to L. 0. R.. or any other man that the meeting thought fit to elect. I am not at all " prieBtly." I suppose in spite of L. O. R.'s cry of "shame," men of "worthless character" will support, more or less, the funds of the church. That is another matter for discussion. If "shame" came along with all the donations given by characters called by Amicus " worthless" there would not be much shame to bear. Feeling sorry I have not converted "Lover of Right" over to my way of thinking, and hoping the time will never come " when the laity will cease to speak," I am, Sir, etc. AMICUS. 