CONSTANTINOPLE, THE CITY OF MYS ' ?'..;... [TEMPLEtBAlC] ; . ; In many respects the -Turks have Buffered little change from, the timo:!o£ their entrance into 'Constantinople tfllnow.. Th'oyare still a grave, _unimpulsiye,:. religious,: jealous race. They are supremo, fatalists, :beBeving in the uuuu^uwutc uj. Aiuu, ivuu ujjjjuaiug 111 principle alluooial and religious reformB as being op. posed to the Divine decree, ' that' which is, is right.' Little by litfclo changes have been forced on them, but how slowly and with what sacrifices' ? .: Swift English-built steamers now rnnnpthe Bospborus all day long, ? Starting from the bridge which spans the entrance to the Golden Horn, and links Galata (the com mercial quarter) to Stamboul (the true Tur kish city), they touch at both the' European and Asiatic sides of tho channel, affording, to all ranks and classes the opportunity of a swift and cheap locomotion.. In these steamers tlio hinder part is curtained off for the solo use of Turkish women. The latter move among us. like -ghosts, only very substantial ones ; tho faces are veiled by the indispensable nttshmnk ' ttmir fnrms;- firn n\\\ Mnfchiul ™tf U +1.~ same long, ample, formless tunic. Those arc of all colors. The general taste is for. the brightest coloring — orange, scarlet or yellow; ? but tho. harem belles of hunt ton patronise black silk alone, and by a coquettish display of tightly-buttoned boots, and the thinnest cover ing over the lower half of their faces, wo know them to be the wives and dependents of the 'advanced Turks,' who allow their women folk as much liberty as they dare. These river boats ply up and down the Bosphorus. The long summer days they aro crowded with men and women of all nations, in all imaginary cos tumes ;.and in the winter they carry ' business peoplo to aud from the city, stopping at nearly all the villages en route, Scii.vEitY on tub BospiioKua.-r It ? takes nearly two hours to reach the upper end of the Bosphorus, a distance of about. 12 TTlllp« 'l'Jl(» PlcunPPV 10 lnvrtlw nnA nninim ? 4-l*~ Sultan's summer palaces,- built of white and costly marble, rise up from the water's edgo; theso ave succeeded by some of. tho hand somest konafa of the viziers and other notable ' Turks ; the most extensive gardens, crowded with tall trees and flowering shrubs, rise up in long hills at the back of these palaces. Then again our .Embassies have chosen this spot for their summer residences. Elegant despatch boats, and the Sultan's -not-to-be-despised small ironclad fleet, sit in state upon the deep and limpid waters not 50 yards from the shore. Gay atiqucs flash hither and thither in the golden light. Imposing inosquoa reflect their tapering minarets in the clear waters; Turkish villages, with a sprinkling of Euro pean, houses, nestle in the sheltered valleys, while thickly-grown woods crown tho summits of the hills, which stand out in ' bold relief against a blue and amber sky. An enchanting scene, but how much of human infirmity and misery does - it hide ? Behind the latticed shuttera of those marble palaces what tears are liistories of the hundreds of beings therein interred ! We know absolutely nothing 'of their lives or deaths. Tho Sultan's wives aro never seen. His favorites never quit the harem or the high-walled garden which surrounds it. Some of their social customs aro most revolt ing. It is considered an honor to receive at the Sultan's hand (for a wife) one of his cast trigues of the palace are a scandal even ia Turkey; it is the favorite of the hour who governs the most despotic ruler of men. '???'? Beaiittful STAJroouL. — Great changes havo metamorphosed ' beautiful Stamboul.' Re peated and extensive fires have destroyed the older and more picturesque dwellings. I have been told that thirty years ago Stamboul (in the rays of the sotting sun) shone like a city begemmed with rubies and set in gold. This effect ? was caused by the numerous golden cupolas to the marble mosques, and the bright red and yellow colors of tho wood of which the houses were uniformly built. To eaoh of these was attached a garden, full of tall leafy trees. Tim flfVpfih nf thpHn* vivid (vilnrfl t.lirnwn nrv against a pure eastern sky,' and reflected in the waters of- the Marmora, was magical indeed. The golden balls blared like miniature, suns, the marble kiosks and magnificent ' mosqries gieameu wnrcer man- ainuoscer mrougn,, tno dark cypresses, while the grand city lay bathed in a flood of sunset glory. But at this hour, though the mosques and the tapering-', minarets still stand, the golden balls are no longer to b& seen, the marble columns have grown somewhat grey, the tall trees are few and far between, the quaint red and yellow houses havo long befell burned, and more than half the dwellings are built of convenient stone and mortar. The 'advanced Turks,' as they are sometimes called, do not say much for tho improvement'of the nation. Thoadvancement ia only externally, for. with a pleasanter manner, a neater stylo 'of dress, and fluent conversation (in French), the advanced Turk has also 'adopted tho vices, ex travagances and follies of the immoral Euro pean; Some have imbibed a passion for play, and have ruined themselves- and families in a single nignt. utners lau wuung vicamo to me well-practised arts of ?women, who avowedly mako their fortunes at thoir expense, and who hardly allow their features to be Been without a fitting and costly offering) increasing in value for every successive favor. Such is the. ordeal the young Turk has to pass before he can provo himself of worth. Ho has more to j£n learn than to learn ; time will show whether he will outlive the almost universal ruin and degradation of every -noble sentiment in tnia corrupt city. No radical reformation has be gun. Thero ore no solitary examples of con tihuouB effort lightening the gloom . :' ' The BEMoioua Turk. — Christianity is mocked at by the educated Mussulman ; yon mav destroy his faith in the Teb'rion of Bis Bires, but he wilj- never sincerely adopt yours. In an argument on this subject you! wjll po surprised to find the Turk will jmt ' you Jto silence. He will tell you you know notmng ]of God— God & God; ondlie will 'aHakb his -head at any clearer definition.- -Ybii -Wai .find. lie gives to Providence nnceaoing cpntroi of affairs, . and that these decrees are unalieraSe. ? Kismet (it is written) ia to the: Turk :thd .Alpha 'and Omega of lif o ; nothing ; can be attonipted against that '.Almiguty fiat, preacli to him 'the (3«spel and .he .will' adrbitly ask:yovi,.''v71iy ' are yon so rich, if Jams CHirist 'waa poor 1 W& do yon do exactly the contrary: to wliaf'Sff taiight ?' '? He himself wiU'tell you thotha prays aovouay'^;tliOi^t6a/^m^pre3criboa; bv tho Prophet'; '.he : drinka:no:— wine ; . he takes bu^ a limited -ombcr'of wWes J during the sacred fasts ho eats nothfag \from sunrise to sunset (and this for forty -days) phe is' stn: diously clean in his person ; till the European taught him he did. not cheat, 'or lie or steal. And Uiiais all true, and yon will he madoto {col that his religion. (though '.on. a lower plane) is the, religion .(j^ito^wtion, find, is- practicable and practised ;..\7hile yours, though o flawless code of 'morality, exists on paper alone, and' stirs not the heart of the mighty multitude bearing the name of Christ. Turk- .. isli houses are furnished with large divans, npon which the master of the house curls himself op. smoking his nargileh (kind of pipe), recoiv in' Us frionds or visitors without moving from his place, merely giving a kind of salaam and motioning his friend to tako his seat be sidohiiu. Hero they will sit and converse for hours, refreshing themselves from time to time with tiny cups of black coffee. Turkish nouses boast of no bed3, nor do they possess washstands, nor sometimes oven chairs. Want 01? Delicacy in the ILvreii.— A Swiss friend of mine (a governess in the harem of perhaps the most enlightened young Turk of whom I have heard) begged over and over again for a washhand basin of ordinary .Hmonsinns. She was exDected to renair to the elegantly-built bathroom and perform her ablutions in tho presence of the slaves and harem women, who, I may remark, have not the commonest sense of propriety, or the least vestige of tho delicacy of their sex. The basin was promised more than ten or twenty times. My friend remained nearly a year in the pasha's harem, but it never armed ! A ToucniNG STonr. — llahmoud Pasha (to whose young wifo my above-mentioned friend became governess and companion) was sent very early in lifo to Paris. Receiving there aliberal education, he formed ideas and opinions uncongenial to his countrymen. Among them was his desire for only ono wife, and his deter mination to contract a marriage of love. A difficult matter this for a Turk, who is not allowed to make the acquaintance of any eligi ble young ladies before marriage ! However, Mahmoud accomplished his purpose in a way we might hesitato to approve of. He bought a very interesting and youthful Circassian slave ; after a year of quiet domestic happiness, find ing her of a loving and teachable character, lie determined to marry her. She soon after gave birth to a child, and her rights to be considered his first, and, as ho declared, his only wife, were unquestionable. It was soon after the birth of her child that Mahmoud Pasha engaged my Swiss friend as his wife's companion and instructress, for, thougli most amiable, the gentle Circassian was wholly ignorant of even the commonest French phrases. la a few months, the young mother's health appeared to decline; the best doctors were consulted ; they feared consumption ; every art that wealth and tenderness could bestow was tried, and for a time the foo was kept at bay. Summer weather came; tho young wife's health seemed thoroughly re-established; the hap pines3 of the young couplo was now complete — when a thunderbolt, launched by the hand of tho Sultan himself, destroyed it completely and for ever. Mahmoud Pasha was wealthy and in the prime of youth ; he was nearly related to the Sultan Abdul Aziz, and the latter proposed the highest honor — namely, tho hand of one of I his daughters in marriage. Useless to declare ho was already married, or that a second wife wa3 in his eyes -/« trop; in such circumstances to hearwasto obey. Etiquette demanded the degradation of tho Circassian slave,her removal from tho handsome residence of Mahmoud, I and tho installation of the princess of tho ' palace into the mystical chamber of her pre decessor. Mahmoud tried tho only resistance in his power, and took a sudden journey to Paris, where he sojourned many months, hop ing the hated alliance might bo forgotten, or Eome accident might come to his aid. Futile hope ! ho was summarily re- i called, and some honorary po3t assigned ' him. Everything was arranged in a gene- i rous and becoming manner ; his cold- I ness was overlooked, his brido wa3 richly dowered ; and Mahmoud, liko many a wiser and better man, submitted to the inevitable kismet. Tho last time my Swiss friend visited : his palace she learned that tho Circassian lived in retirement, not far from tho (Welling of her happier rival. Unknown to his wife, Mah. moud continued to visit her in secret, though ! at rare intervals, and with great precaution. J Upon seeing her my. friend was shocked at tho ravages ''that grief and disease had already i made upon her person. The hectic flush and ' dreaded cough had returned. Unconscious or ' careless of' her danger sho was daily wasting I away, but would hear of no remedies. Not a i complaint as to her position over passed her I Iip3, and sho spoko of 'tho Pasha' as one to i whom she- owed everything, and' to whom: everything was due. It would bo well if I con- I elude this touching story with some account of , her last days, but as I am writing truth, and ' truth alone, I unwillingly admit that I am un able to give any further clue to, her fate. Tho Konah sho onco inhabited is at this moment de serted. Mahmoud spends most of his tune at Paris. His palace is well appointed, numer ous servants and slaves give it an air of grand eur it did not once possess. My dear; Swiss friend was attacked by virulent smallpox dur ing thefatalwintor of 1877, and died in tho German Hospital ,at Pera, before her friends wero oven awaro of her illness, Sho was a widow, and left two orphan boys to bo brought up by friends in Switzerland, She resta under a bare mound of earth in our Protestant ceme tery, with a rough pieco of wood on which ja painted o number to marie tho spot. Such aro some of tho sad histories, the terrjblo mfttter of -fact dramas daily occurring here I . :.' ' There- aro sortie splendid maps on view juafc now in Sydney,' nays the writer of 'rZigzag'in ws Sydney Echo, ' and which haye been pre pared and published by tho Government de partments &1 Melbourne. Onoinap delineates tho boundaries of not only all the 'runs' in victoria, but aJso of thone in this colony; whilst the other map ia a perfect masterpiece of map-printing, and shows a greater amount °* geographical feature and detail information as regards roads, railways, towns, &o;,, of tho colonies of iVictoria and .New South Wales than haa yet appeared on any map. In fact it lairly earned tho praise of one -who, looking at »3 .remarked, 'It. is a work: ofort— and, by Jove, sir.l' the^jotorians know 'anil eliow. ns a Jot more about our colony than we know our 