AU REVOIR. THE departure of a distinguished citizen from our shores in these advertising days is not complete without the usual complimentary banquet. Tickets at half- a-guinea are issued, and all the employes, either from motives of gratitude or policy, buy them. Noblesse oblige—one's bread and butter prompts the purchase. A gentleman who has just left us has been entertained at the customary breakfast, and bidden bon voyage with the usual complimentary speeches. It is to be regretted, however, that Mr. David Syme in his last speech and confession deemed it advisable to depart from that inflexible rule that has guided his actions, and the policy of his newspaper, for the last three years and a half. That rule, we need hardly remind our readers, is to speak "the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth." . . The excellence of the viands or the subtle influence that lurks in eleemosynary wine must, we presume, have been the cause of Mr. Syme's making use of the following expressions, as reported in his own newspaper of Saturday last:— . " I would not have cared for being attacked had! given any occasion for it, but my opponents had not the shadow of an excuse for acting as they did.. I never courted publicity in any shape or form. I never obtruded myself on public notice in any way that 1 am aware of." ' , ,, Surely Mr. Syme's memory is at fault, or ours is; for we distinctly remember that it was after certain disgraceful proceedings in connection with the Newham ballot-box (when a certain newspaper proprietor rendered himself liable to punishment for interfering with an officer in the conduct of a parliamentary election) that a certain section of the press found it necessary m the interests of good government to apply those "attacks" under which the object of them has so long and so painfully writhed. Mr. Syme is one of the true "liberals," as we in Victoria know them. He can forget quickly, when it suits his purpose, how he " courted publicity m the most objectionable shape and form, how shamelessly he obtruded himself on public notice at the Newham election. Mr Loncmore we perceive was not at the banquet, but bis genial spirit muet have hovered o'er the guest, even as Banquo s ghost was present at Macbeth's feast. . It wai Mr. Longmore, if we mistake not, who said, 1 he real stumbling block in the way of Reform is David Syme. -these words would seem to have made a deep impression upon Mr. Syme, so deep indeed that he appears to have come to regard them as. a fact, for we find him saying towards the conclusion of his valedictory address— " I hope that while I am away, a measure of Reform will be carried." For our own part we wish Mr. Syme a pleasant holiday trip, and we echo his wish that in his absence the burning question of Reform will be finally settled. We sincerely hope that when he returns to us with renewed health, the will and the power to dietate the policy of trading politicians will have passed away from him and from his newspaper forever. 