In the present depressed condition of com merce, the question naturally crops up in ?connection witli our agricultural industry — ' wliicli as yet in several of its branches is tho principal ono in this country — is not tho present helpless condition of tho farming portion of our agricultural community to some extent duo to natural want of special adaptation for thoir occupation — that is, want oi tlio liecossary training or practical knowledge of the details of systematic fanning ; or is it not duo to tho conditions of tlio tenure of their leaseholds, or other causes ? Wo noed not go so far as down trodden Ireland for an illustration of tho truth of an affirmative reply to the latter clause of tlio interrogation, but on the pre sent occasion that phase of the question is too varied in its bearings for discussion here. If anyone capable of taking an intelli gent viow of the case is desirous of testing for his own satisfaction the question before stated, all . that he need do is to view the existing condition of farming, and com pare his own observations with the testi mony of an intelligent native of the district, or a resident of long standing, as to tho origin and progress of the industry, and we fear that his conclusions will bo that despite the — in many instances — unfavourable con ditions of tenant holdings, tho present unsatisfactory stato of tho markets for tho products of the farm is due to the manner in which the tilling of the soil has been carried on. The number of persons, from Bulli to TJlladulla, who have, really succeeded as tho result of an intelligent management of farm ing, as evidenced by their holdings, might be counted on one's fingers. Those who have not succeeded, and who aro still carry ing on the work at all the existing disadvan tages of tho industry, are now, as hitherto, too much the creatures ot circumstance. They have unthinkly followed thoir neigh bour in the matter of sowing their fields, regardless of any system of rotation of crop in view of inevitable deterioration of soil by the constant ? growth of cereals, and regardless of a certain glut of the markets through. the same cause on tho othor hand. Now, when the supply has far exceeded the ' demand for the staple products of this dis trict, and we might say of the colony, thero is a general disposition to remedy tlie evil by seeking increased consumption in a more extensive market, but not a word is said by the majority respecting what is, in the coast districts at least, tho root of misfortune, that is the want of skilful tillage and a due rotation of crops with a view of preserving . the quality of the soil and growing, that for which there is a profitable market. A few weeks ago a writer under the nom deplume of ' Sympathy,' enumerated a number of agricultural products which have been tried in 'the soil of Shoalhaven, and found to grow profitably, and yet whether any single farmer has taken a hint from the letter, we doubt, notwithstanding that the proof of ' Sympathy's ' statements might to somo extent, have been found at our recent show in Mr. James Wilson's exhibit of flax. The bucolic n\ind, 'tis said is dull ; and if the forceof circumstanceandtheplainillustration of daily occurrence willnot effectthe necessary change in their habits, what will? To his credit be it said, Dr. Tarrant, tho member for Kiama, who had mastered the whole situation, — notwithstanding tho taunts of some of his frivolous opponents as to his reticence on politics whilo residing at Kiama before ho had been as many months in the district as others had been years, has furnished the' answer in his comprehonsivo and practical address to tae electors of Kiama on tho occasion of his election a few months ago. An agricultural training, similar to that given in the various schools established for the purpose in Ireland and other countries of Europe, is what the mem ber for Kiama deems should be established in this country for reasons which wo feel sure,, ho on his part, will make palpable 'enough. At this time when charlatans who seek to retain tho emoluments of office by a species of political necromancy which raise tho ghosts of the St. Mary ' slectures, it is gratifying to find that one of the candidates for the representation of this electorate in the next Parliament, has given some attention to this pliase of domestic politics. ' I observo,' says Mr. Humphory, ' that tho member for Kiama has oxpressod hiinsolf as favourable to tho establishment of schools for - imparting toohnical and practical knowledge of agriculture, such as exist in tho northern counties of Ireland, and his' offorts in this direction would have my warm support.' When Gulliver had related the state of English politics to the Brobdingnagian 'monarch, the latter, as tho narrator puts it, in the ironical language put in his mouth, showing his great ignorance of politics, observed, that in his opinion whoever could mako two ears of com, or two blades of grass to grow upon a spot of ground, where only one grew bofore, would deserve hotter of mankind, and do more essential service to his country than the whole race of politicians put together. This is essentially an agricultural district, and electors would find that success and genuine protection in its broad and liberal sense, , will better encourage native industries in an intelligent application of their energios to tho development of tho rosourcos of tho soil, than all tho bolstering retriction-tarifi's of onipty bantling politics of tho Buchanan and Co. typo. Wo want moro technical knowlodgo and practical rosourco in tho farmers, but we must bogiu at tho root. Wo intondodin this article to malco somo roforonco to tho Stato Agricultural Schools of Iroland, ospocially thoso of Glasnovin, and tho Tomplemoylo Agricultural Sominary in Londonderry, whero agriculturo in all its branches is theoretically and practically taught ; but reverting to tho present con dition of our farmers, and to tho nocossity of a technical training, wo cannot do bottor than reproduco tho final observations of Pro fessor Wriglitson, in his inaugural address boforo tho students of tho Wilts and Hants Agricultural College, at Downton, near Salisbury, England : — ' Tho ftu-mor of tho futuro must thon bo a man nf resource : lie must bo rondv to admit himsolf to now circumstancos and to adopt new crops wlion ho finds ho is undorsold. Ho must look upon tho soil and air as his agonts for tho pro duction of animal and vogotablo forms, tho prociso typo of which must depend upon tho laws of supply .and demand. If an ironmonger finds that ho 1ms a strong competitor in tlie sale of looks, ho turns his attontion to lamps or some thing olso, and so must tho farmor.' Readres will probably wonder what aro tho mys terious powers of tho by-laws of tho Municipal Borough of Nowra, which enablos tho function arias of its Council to levy and colloct penalties withouttrialnml without ' conviction.' Asamplo of tho exorciso of this power occurred last wook and a further exemplification of tho penalty of boingsoobtuso as toseo tho unequal workingof tho by-laws, may bo found in our police court report. That tlio Council is provided with tho necessary legal machinory for tho control and management of its road is boyoiul question, but that such a body may rostrict to a couplo of miles, tho application of ccrtain by-laws passod, and having tho force of law ' in and for tho muni cipal district of Nowra and that tho council mnj-collcct tho lowest fino without ' conviction,' as prescribed, is a question upon which ovon doctors of law may bo inclined to differ upon. Messrs. Bico and Brown folt somowliat dubious on tho aovoral phases bore involved, if wo havo atall understood their doubts. Tho defendants in tho first case pleaded that the offenco against tho by-laws was accidental, and tho by-law under which thoy wero fined, says: — Any person who shall suffer any horso, etc., to stray or go about, otc., and tho prosecutor admitted that the horses wero removed whon ho gave notice of tho straying. Thoir Worships may or may not havo had an alternative, in viow of tho wording abovo cited, but wo have no doubt that justico was their aim. 'We havo somo recollec tion of an instanco in which a bench of magis trates interpreted tho torrn ' suffor ' not to ho whon a person wilfully depastures his stock on tho roads, and dismissed a caso on tho prosecutor's evidence failing to show that the offence was a wilful ono. Comparisons it is said aro odious, but degroos of quality aro only measured in proportion to tho standard of com parison oraployod. In othor municipalities — and wo need not go far for tho instanco — by- laws aro onforced for tho mnintonaco of a cloar traffic- way in tho streots of tho town or villago, as tho caso may bo, where, as may naturally be expected is tho most traffic, and tho most urgoncy for a cloar thoroughfare. If tho same principle obtains in Nowra, viz., that by-laws are intended to keep a cloar roadway for thoso who pay for tho formation of these streots or roads, thoir operation is entirely reversed, and not only aro thoso regulations not applied to tho portions of road or stroot whereon the most traffic might bo expected, but, notwithstanding the preauiblo of these by-laws as abovo quoted, offences against tho by-laws aro confined to Greonhills road. Readers will wonder wheuco all tho legal nomenclature, ' His Excellency tho Govornor, with tho advice of the Executivo Council,' etc., and tho appointment of a salaried officer of supervision, for tho prohibition of tho intrusion of tho highway cow from a couple of miles of road. 'Whatever may bo tho cause for tho above condition of things, ratepayers, and ratopaying aldermen, should hoar in miud that by-laws for tho management oi roaas cannot bo suspended m one portion oi tho municipality aid hold in force in another ; that by-laws aro not intended to protoct tho wayside farmer from tho intrusion of straying stock, or intended to servo tho purposes of fencing; and that 'conviction' of whatover kind, must bo adjudged as such by, tho ono recognised legal tribunal of tho land, whatovor a listless Attorney- General may do with his signature. Amongst the maxims of old countries which seems not to apply to Australia is ono that tells us that ' swamps aro unhealthy.' Our district has its rich flat lands thickly studded with swamps, bcth salt and fresh. But our district is, wo bolievo, without exception tho healthiest in a healthy country, and we shall show sub stantial grounds for our belief. Tho statistical returns which are collected now in all civilizod countries show us that tho ordinary death rate in proportion to births is a very variablo quantity, but taking tho worst known caso wo havo 105 deaths to 100 births. From that upwards wo find tho scale progressing till wo reach 150 and 180 births for 100 deaths, and as far as we aro aware, this latter is looked upon as a very healthy proportion. But amongst us, tho statistics are very different. Our worst year was 1870, whon tho returns only showed 3J births for each doath. In ovory other year since I860 wo havo'from 4 to 5 births for every doath, and in tho present year, tho roturns for nine months show tho extraordinary figures of 173 births to 25 doatlis ; or (within a small fraction) 7 births to 1 doath. Wo subjoin a table, showing tho roturns of each year, also tho totals of 10 years previous to 1st January, 18G0. It would bojinterosting and instructive if tho Rogistrar-Goneral, who has tho materials at his disposal, would publish tho birth and death rato of each district in tho colony. It is probable that such a tabulated statement would throw great light on local causes of hoalth and illness, ond bo a groat aid in correcting somo popular fallacies which now exist. . „ Date. . Births.' Dcntha, 185Gtol86B 1408 3-10 '' '1800 171 ' - 43 18G7 171 ' 311 ? 186S ? 189 . . 1JS 1809 ? ? : 203 . 81 ? 1870 211 ? 60 1871 182 23 ? 1872 IDS ? '10 1873 ' 171 ? ? 30 \- 1874 105 35 lS7f- 200 63 1870\. 105 '13 ' ' 1877 '109 '17. 1878 237 . 00 1879 231 ' .07 Jim. to Sept. 18S0 173: 26 In' England the proportion of births to deaths is 7 to 4 ; in France, 9 to 8 ; and in Austria, 8 to 6. 