Converted Jews. The Archives Israelites notices a growing tendency among Jewish people all over the world towards Christianity. “How can it be explained,” they ask “ that most ofour Israelite families have witnessed numerous conversions in their midst during the last fifty years ?” Several families, in different countries, are men tioned by name. In Germany, the Loventhals and Mendelsohns, who at present have not a single member of their family remaining a Jew ; the Meyerbeer, and others. In Russia and Poland, Jews, on coming into fortune, very frequently embrace Christianity, and strive to forget their former creed and nationality. The same may be said of many Jewish families of Spanish descent. In England, the Disraelis, and many others could be mentioned. In France, scarcely a member of the Ratisbon, Halevy, and other noted families now remains a Jew. The writer has disregarded any dis tinction between Catholic and Protestant con verts from Judaism, and has not troubled him self about the motives which, invariably among Protestant Jews, may be set down as worldly and human. Fortunately this cannot be said of Jewish converts embracing the Catholic faith. Among the latter may be found many names of men renowned for ability and learning and of all grades and professions, such as physicians, barristers, and even rabbis, which may easily be concluded from the names Cohen, Levy, Leffmann, Lehmann, &c.; We give here a list of the most prominent Jews who have become sincere Catholics : A. Drack, called a deep well of science, whom Gregory XVI made librarian of the Vatican, and whose son, now a priest, is at present engaged in editing an im» mense work of commentaries on Holy Writ; Rev. Father Liebermann, founder of the Con gregation of the Holy Ghost and of the Sacred Heart of Mary, who was declared venerable by Pius IX; Father Hermann Cohen, the great Carmelite, who, during the last Franco-Prussian war, fell a victim to his charity towards the French soldiers made prisoners in Gormany ; the Dominican, Rev. Father Levy, who after wards gave his life for the faith in Mesopo tamia ; the Abb6 Olmer, at Paris, whose entire family followed his example, two of his sisters entering the religious state ; the pious and elo quent Lehman brothers, both priests ; the two Abb6s Level, one of whom was Superior of “ Saint Louis of the French,” at Rome ; the famous Father Voit, one of the most eloquent preachers in Austria. To these may be added such names as Rothschild, Mier.s, Pereire, and others, who have yielded to the divine attrac tion, and become devoted Catholics. 