vn. — tnabBK tstb scad of aussu-M&. Ik eventful day proved a stormy one. Snow began to fall in the afternoon, and coo tinun? atroffly into the evening. The lecture taB, however, n well tffled, and the audience waited patiently for the lecturer. The hour ccaw and passed, and a general cneasusess be gan to prevail. Mr. Humphrey, with his .daughter, was present in the front seat, and, as usual, nude himself as conspicuous as iwasiMf. Turmng slowly about Uke a wax {?gate in a dress-maker 's Bhopwindow, so as to ahow himself on all sides. His daughter had rarely been seen with her fattier, «3 her beauty also attracted attention. Hovering ?boat the poor, not far from them, was a eedatd-ooking man, with gray cudy hair aad a, pair of gold-bowed spectacle*. Tie editor, Scnjannn, was sfauidmg dnae to him, when the aaaaageraf-the lecture came forward anon 11m Xllltriniujsl mi liiini a Ti n boys in the bacf part -*«? fell applauded, dunking it ? mi fhl luliiai 1ml til raised his hand de ??i miITimIj r-*-**'- 'Ladiu. aauTgOBJUemen, I 'regret exceed ingly to inform yon that Mr. Emerson is de tuned by the snow-storm, but we hare a dispatch from him, which I wffl read.- 'West BroaknUe. The train has stopped fire minutes for refreshments. The snow continues. I win be with yon a half honr late. Butitwfll be a half honr early, if we choose to eaU -he time for assembling nine o'clock. Call it so. Man n the master of time.' Meanwhile, if the audience would kindly retain their Beits, I think a little patience only will be needed, and. aa Mr. Emerson philosophically suggests, weftaiaaythe lecture begins at tune.' The anawaw applauded good-naturedly. The nVanl|-mlt ? in ii liiii|Vi 1 1 ii In I1ii i ilil.il 'bank, [ cant resist the opportunity to do one more stroke. Listen to me, and when you bear the words, 'The True, the Good, and the Beautiful,' take that as your cue, aad call oat old Humphrey, and keep bin out at the farther end of the passage.' And then raising his voice in ? falsetto tone, and coming for ward, he lifted his hand and said, as the manager tuned to leare the stage : 'Sir, permit me to ask if I may be allowed to cay a few words. I am as intimate friend of Mr. Emerson, and it would give me great pleasure if I might be allowed to occupy these lew minutes in a sketch of rny friend and his system o£ philosophy.' The audience began to tarn round. The manager smiled. 'Icy uD means, sir. We .hall he delighted to hear yon,' and he robbed his hands with pieaturefortehadgtoomysrifcerpatwosof the not half hour. 'CWs up upon the platform, if you please. Whom shall 1 introduce V he s*W,ia a whisper, as the sfaenger stood by k trim. Ik ''rointroUcBmyaetfpmieiifly,''saidbe; and bowing decorously to the audience, he began 'Ladies and fiwiHfmen. Friends of Hu manity, Disciples of Mr. Emerson, Students of the Oeenxml, Believers in the True, the «ooo, and U» Beantifiil— I have leaned front that great master to see beauty and Koodoaas and truth in the common things of life. The stars in the sky, the periwinkle in the grass, alike have a twinkling beauty ; nature seen through the reverse end uf the apy-glaas is st31 nature ; tore the glass round, and torn with it, nature i» there etilL Mr. Emetson 1« made the troth luminous. He has turned upon it the full glare of his saf ety-Uajfv aM revealed a brightness hitherto ansoppawd. Ha smoked glass stands between him and the bright Sim of truth ; no eclipse is etmeret in the Gamutut of his fcuNrledce. Say. not smtate alone— T mean vegetable natare-is scorched fay the bunnan clam of his speech, wbere «m «arioas rays of his inMSeet meet, bat human nature ahn is subjected to the eawnowerUbperatioo. Bete, sgais, gnat and small ttaaaa slate psm in renew before him. The playthings of childhood, the work things of nnddle age, the glassy spectacles of old age, all find their solution in the mind of 'This philosopher. The idle fairy tale of dnld hoad becomes instinct with a larger aieaamg, a fuller force, when its beauty is developed by the cunning of the master. Let me illustrate this point I 'fir. Emerson was bom in Che year 1803. In the same year was born that twin phBos pher whom we all love to honour. We listen to omMhood to the ale of 'Jack and tbe Bean Stalk.' but it is in the vigour of manhood that we learn to appreciate tin grand ifecte of such human wudomaa are wrapped up in Professor Davy Humphrey's Bean-eblk Hair Restorer.' The audience, which bad been growing more and more resjiess, at this point broke out in a stamof lusting and shooting. Daly stepped back quickly to the rear of the platform, and. opening a law cupboard door, gsveatunito the key which Projected from a pipe nxnnine: u ? \ *j^ cunboard. In a moment the house wa« pitch-dark. He had turned the gas off. 'Keep quiet— keep perfectly quiet,' said the manager; - well have the gas lighted in * moment. SomeboaV catch that rascal; bee left the platform.' There was a ecrambling aboutthe front of the halL ?Tvegot nhnr cried one. ' Let go of me T 'Oh, it's you, is it? Beg your pardon;' nJcsotssed couples arrested each other in every direction. Daly meanwhne had stepped quickly to the front row. 'Kow, CaprUa,' he whispered, 'pre me jam- hand.' 6be gave it to him, and he led her through the nearest door, out of the house, into the street, and into a carriage. A street ham shone apsn them. She started back, and gave alitile scream. 'So ?' said be : 'it's Jack himself, not Jack-in-a-bor- What a row they're making ia there T' He gire « direction to zheeaadi ?asm, jwmped in, shut tbe door, and began to UBU off Us disguise. ' Didnt you know meT 'Sever. I never once suspected it was ^Ail right Keitber did your father, I paw;' and he laughed. Then, pulling out a. KagfromsBuerihe aeat, he quietly changed hii coat; aad whan the carriage stopped gain, a yoaag jpalfeaun, wefl protected ^from the coachman's suspicion by an mnbrmU drawn dose down over Ins bead, led Mist Humphrey into the parson's house. That same evening Mr. J. DJy called at the office of the 4-i-xr(uer- He found t&e; editor seated on hn Delphic stool, busuy engaged in reporting the lecture, wift its prelude. 'lathe «8lnmn of marriages and deaths madespr eaid he, as he entered. 'Good heavens 1 is this tbe ghost of my friend Daly that wants bis death put in? Go sway, good ghost ; we dsnt insert them with. -wt the indorsement of some responsible party. Why, Jack, the last I beard of you, tbe mob had got yon and dapped you into the lock up.' i 'Poor fellow— suffering for my misdeeds. I wonder who my Doppel^anger is. No ; everything went off weU. Fhe pataoct was ready, and we're man and wife, and I want my fsther-m-Uw to get the news the Brat i&iin; g is the momtngL*1 The notice was duly implied. 'On Wednesday. Sth inst., John Daly to CapOla, only daughter of Professor Davy Humphrey, inventor and discover of the Bean-stalk Hair Bestor. Ko cards.' The professor's anger was short-lived. The young scape-grace had become too important to be discharged, and, besides, the more the great chemist thought it orer, the more plainly he saw that be had been relieved of the great perplexity which had lone worried him— his daughter. —Harper'* Monthly. 