PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY. MAT 18. In reply to questions, Mr. Gillies stated I that the Government could not reduce the price of water to the borough of Wangaratta, as the Railway department lost by the pre sent rates ; Mr. Ramsay said he was in com munication with the various colonial Govern ments, and it was proposed to take the Aus tralian census on the same day as the British cenBUB is taken; it was also proposed to make the collection uniform in detail throughout the colonies; Mr. Service said that it would be premature to disclose as yet the intention of the Government with regard to the tariff. THE GOVERNOR'S SPEECH. ADDRESS IN REPLY. The debate on the address in reply was resumed. Mr. MIRAMS said it was all very well for the Government to profess a horror of larrikinism, but they had rewarded the arch offender of laBt year with a Beat in the Cabinet, and it waB rumoured had offered £1,000 per annum to that gentleman's colleague in mis chief to keep him quiet. He denied that any credit had been restored by the accession of the Government to office, unless it was the credit of individual Ministers. As to the civil service, he contended that never was lees confidence in its ranks than now. The Government was not carrying out the policy of its supporters. He read the programme of The Avstralaeian, and declared that it was being ignored. The Australasian said the Government were to remove obstacles from the path of industry. In the Governor's speech there was no promise of a legislative act in that direction, but there had been two samples of administrative acts of the Go vernment in dealing with the industrial claBBe8, both ?f which tended in quite a con trary direction. In the first place the Long more regulations had been repealed, so as to facilitate the operations of capitalists in get ting the selectors off the lands, and in in creasing their large estates. Mr. DCFFY.-You know thit is not true. Mr. MIRAMS.-The hon. member could not deny the statement made on this subject the other night by the hon. r»ember for Kara Kara. ' Mr. DUFFY.-The hon. member for Kara Kara is in favour of the repeal of those regu lations. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MIBAMS said he was'contending that their repeal would facilitate the passing of the selectors' lands into the hands of the large landed proprietors. Mr. DUFFY.-Quite the contrary. Mr. MIRAMS.-Then another thing the Government had done wasto annul the sale to manufacturers of land on the banks of the Yarra-sales that had been sanctioned by the late Government. These were illustrations of how the Government removed obstacles from the path of industry. The only paragraph in the speech of importance was that which related to the question of reform. Now, he would ask, if the Ministry were Bincere when they said that the peace and prosperity of the colony depended upon the settlement of that question, why did they not throw up their offices at once ? They must know that they had not the ghost of a chance of carry ing their reform scheme, and that every day they continued in office they occupied time unnecessarily, and took th& country's money under false pretences. They pretended to hold office for the purpose Df carrying reform, and they knew they could jiot do it. Mr. TUCKER accused the Government of bodilng office under false bretences, because they could not hope to tarry their reform scheme. Ministers now c|illed for peace and conciliation, and he did nqt think they would obtain any. All their acts jeould be criticised. He ridiculed the idea that the Government had brought prosperity to the country. The wheat harvest was the catae of the change. He would like to know what money had been spent on behalf of the other aide, who had paid for the Reformer, whjich was so liberally distributed throughout tbfc colony. Mr. WALKER said that be knew nothing of the newspaper called the Jleformer, but he did Bee one entitled the Electors' Guide, and that was a very strange work. For instance, it professed to give the career of the Hon. G. Berry, but, curiously enough, it omitted all reference to that hon. gentleman's vote against the Education Bill, That Quide said that Mr. Mirams was to be the new Minister of Education under Mr. Jerry, and this, per haps, was the reason why the member for Collingwood desired the Service Ministry to clear out. He reviewed the situation at some length, and declared that the attitude of the House' since the meeting of Parliament bad taken the Opposition members by surprise. Mr. BEERY.-Hear, hear. Mr. WALKER.-It waf not what they ex pected it to be, and if the peculiar attitude of some hon. members had any particular meaning it was not fairly representative of the verdict which the cotintry returned a few weeks ago. (" Oh, oh."} He could not under stand the position of any hon. member, when he found that he could not sit amongst the Ministers, proceeding to haraas and embar rass them as much as poBBible. He could not understand that course of action, and he was sure the country would not In referring to the defeat of the late Ministry, a great deal had been said about the Roman Catholic vote and plural voting; but had there been any alteration of the Electoral Act since 1877 ? Mr. FINCHAM.-In the application of it, , yea. Mr. WALKER.-If it was the voice of tbe people in 1877, surely it was the voice of the people now. He was as much against the system of plural voting as most members, but the; should remember that that system had been hitherto used at all elections, and the laBt election should not be singled out as if plural voting had any special influence m that particular case. Plural voting was used by every successful artisan and mechanic who had, by his own industry and frugality, succeeded in getting a little property; and if the Opposition declared that plural voting led to their defeat, it was tantamount to act mitting that every man was against them whose interest was in good legislation and the best laws. If they wereprepared to make that admission he (Mr. Walker) would be Borry to make it if he were in their place. He warned the Opposition that the country had ejected them from office, and that the one thing which would rally the country about the new men was to refuse them a fair trial. Mr. BARS criticised thie address. He com plained that the selectors had been unduly pressed for the rent. Their moment the Government took office, the selectors were told they must pay up. Mr. DCFFY.-That is not so. No free se lector has been harassed or pressed. Mr. BARR complained of the absence of any allusion to the tariff and the Btock tax in the Governor's speeeh. Mr. W. MADDEN announced that he be lieved the Service Government to be a tem perate, an honeBt, and an able Government, and intended to give them a loyal support. The Governor's speech waB a practical one. 1 It promised measures which were urgently required, and he trusted to Bee those bills passed as rapidly as possible. He referred to the new land bill. He wished due considera tion given to the present pastoral tenants, but selection would still have to go on as now, because it was absolutely necessary to make room for the sons and daughters of the existing selectors, who would form the most valuable class of all. Mr. LYELL referred to the attitude unex pectedly taken by the member for Belfast. That hon. gentleman had said he would not accept the Norwegian scheme, but he should have gone further, and said what he would Bupport Mr. GAUNSON.-He says refer the question to a select committee. Mr. LYELL said that the Opposition had en deavoured to obtain a select committee, and had failed, and then they were compelled to formu late their own Bcheme. And it was undeniable that the country had decided that the ex Ministry should be ejected and that anew Government should endeavour to deal with it But the member for Belfast had induced the public to believe that the Government side was a divided and not a united party. He trusted that the hon. member would re consider his position. He sympathised to some extent with the Roman Catholic claims under the Education Act, but it was useless to discuss the matter in the present opinion of the country. The best course was to wait a while. He objected to the threats of dissolution in which the press has in dulged. They were premature. The division to which he alluded might disappear when the House addressed itself to business, and the party might, and he hoped would, pre sent a united front. Mr. DAYIES contended that there had been an unconstitutional postponement of the opening of Parliament, which had de prived the country of representation for three months. The only reply the Government could make was that two or three months were not too long a time for them to prepare their measures. Nobody denied that, but the postponement was unconstitutional, not on account of its length, but because it had taken place without the sanction of Parlia ment Mr. BOLTON said the proper time to deal with the Government programme would be when the Government bills were before the House. He expressed his sympathy with the Roman Catholic claims. Mr. LONGMORE said that it was amus ing to find that the Hon. James Service, an out-and-out protester-(Laughter, and1' What is that ?")-alongside of the hon. mem ber for Warmambool-also a true blue-who got hiB seat by dividing parties unfairly and unjustly, and to know that both of them held their seats through the good offices of the hon. member for Belfast It was also refresh ing to know that the hon. member for Belfast could unseat them at any moment he might choose. The hon. member had only to cross the floor with two or three of hiB party and he would put the Government in a minority at once. It was a pity to find our "true blues" so much dependent upon the hon. member for Belfast. Sir JOHN O'SHANASST.-Hear, hear. Stick to that line. Mr. LONGMORE criticised the action ot the Minister of Lands. No sooner was the hon. gentleman in office than he abolished the Longmore regulations. Hon. members should understand that these regulations were neces sary to counteract the effects of dummyism. Multitudes of reports had been received from Crown lands bailiffs that they believed certain men were dummies, but that they could not prove it. Mr. GAUNSON.-And you acted on the principle of hanging a man on suspicion. Mr. LCNGMORE.-Moreover, instances were found of suspected men who transferred their lands immediately their three years were up to tbe men for whom they were supposed to be acting as dummies. The Minister of Lands was now powerless to interfere in such cases. In all seriousness he (Mr. Longmore) would tell the hon. member that he was a renegade from liberal principles. Mr. DCTFY.-That's not true. Mr. LONGMORE.- He has gone in body and BOUI to serve the landed proprietors ar capitalists. .... Mr. DDFFY.-That is absolutely untrup Mr. LONGMORE declared that the G A ment was getting up a Black Wedne its own account, ana he bitterly attp x§day o Thos. Higinbotham, Mr. G. Gordo .cfeed Mi Byron Moore, the latter for co> a, *ad jf, keep back land from sale. He aspiring" fc action of the Government r ..enounced thi Parliament earlier as unconr j. not meetini Mr. GILLIES (who was jtitutionaL rupted by Sir John O'P Repeatedly inter Gaunson with cries of ^nanaesy and Mr, &c.;) ridiculed the idea Cock-a-doodle-do,' had not warrant for wat ihe Government were a number <" ? action. There that during tbe t' ?* precedents to show Beesion a new G<" . "ariiament was not in. and not call Pa' «»ght hold office Tbe Duke of ' together for months. a recess. / . niS'rl.f ,ened.office ^ring and did no* * "5Z y.°^ernment took office but did not at once »o h.w i,- office' ?Sftay" ?SKM'srHS israss a js mwtto, l»C Mitten before their constituents for some months, the writs not being issued until after Parlia ment met. Canning died when Parliament was out of session. Another Government took office, and not only, without calling Par liament together, bnt it held office lor » number of monthB and never met Parlia ment at all. Lord Melbourne resigned on the 30th November, 1834, and Peel took office, but did not think proper to meet the then existing Parliament at alL He dissolved that Parliament without having taken bis seat in it as a Minister, and met the new Parliament. The gravamen of the charge against the present Government was that it did not meet Parliament on the 9th March, but they felt there was no obligation to call Parliament together for the despatch of business earlier than they did. They knew that they could not possibly proceed to the de spatch of business on the 9th Much. He was quite convinced that it would be a mistake for any Government, under like cir cumstances, to meet Parliament earlier than they did. Now, if he had been asked to frame a case exactly on all fours with the present, he could not have selected a better one than occurred in Canada in 1878. The Mackenzie Government were in office that year. Parlia ment was prorogued from the 10th May to the 29th July, ana it was further prorogued to the 7th September. But on the 7th Au gust Parliament was dissolved. The writs were issued on the 17th August, and return able on the 21st November. The general elec tion happened in the meantime, and after the general election the Mackenzie Government resigned. Sir John A. Macdonald took office after the general election, and before the meeting of Parliament. The writs for the re election of members were issued on the 6th November, and Parliament was further pro rogued to the 31st December. It was again further prorogued to the 8th February, and again further prorogued to the 13th February, when the new Government met Parliament for the first time. (Cheers.) The House ought now to hear no more about the Go vernment having acted unconstitutionally in postponing the meeting of Parliament from tne 9th March to the 11th May. (Cheers.) Mr. RICHABDSON expressed his dissent from the viewB of the Minister of Railways. Mr. GRAVES explained that be stood as an " Independent Liberal," and hence his taking his seat in the Opposition Corner. The question was then put and agreed to without a division; the address in reply to the Governor's speech was adopted, and was ordered to be presented the following day. The Honse rose at 11 p.m. 