csuxnai rv. Tbe weary ante stopped readily enough, and my compsaion dreVawide tk/tepwaU and began to arrange the straw at the bottom of «k cart wmlrtl looked in sad aaw a tsf psmfalwght. laawtwotftiarmnasUnetm teani^y shaped, bat apparently outWsO proportion to the rest of tbe couteaattne. Tbebead was perfectly farmed and covenl — M, . _«U ?* tt^ir, h»r hit tk» f. ilii.il was Unshed as he had described, whnstthe rest of her face looked like that of a. corpse. She was nestled down in the sbesw. except her knees, upon which ahe was engaged playing dominoes. She looked np at us, trembled al over, then smiled faintly at her old protector, asd recommenced her gaaw. fib seemed aw if she u playing with her right hand against her left '» is a Month and more Oat she lias played that game,' the major observed, '«nd perhaps she will contmne to do so farsome time longer, and then perhaps she wiU take up backgammon, or Hamming like it. It i. extraordinary, omt itr and be replaced the oMcm on usanakn, which the wind and rain bad somewhat da*. ?mnged. ' Poor Laura,' I replied, yon an indeed lost to this world «' and then I held out my baasLta to her, which she took mechanically, wiAthfW ghost of a smile. I observed wijk nstoanlEZ ment that she had two diamond rings mi fill 'fk fingers, which I at once identified as those afC- her mother, and wondered how they bad III ill W preserved through so many ndsotades. Bar the whole world! would u* have dared la say this to the major, but be noticed that my eyes were fixed on Hie trinkets, and said with* certain air of pride: 'They are fine diamonds, are they not tana would doubtless have fetched then- value if necessity had arisen, but I would not sOsw them to betaken away from the poorchM. Shu cries if any one touches them, and abe never takes them off. She never complains, aod occasionally ehe does a little needlework. I have kept my word to her poor Gale nnsbaad, and, to tell yon the truth I don't repast say promise. I have never left her, and I test every one that ahe is my daughter, and is mad. That sort of a thing is respected in the army, and is more easily arranged than yen people a- Bsris would think possible. She hasbeen through all the wars of tbe empire with me, and I have always managed to get her safety thronehthem. With plenty of straw and Un- little carriage, it was easier titan yon imagine; and as I was a major on full pay. with a pension as an officer of the Legion of Honour, and the gratuities Napoleon gave his soldiers, I have never been pushed for money. Then isn't a man in the Tlh Lights, officer or man, who doesn't know poor Laura and love her.' Then be touched her lightly on her abunlder and said: 'Now. my child, say a word to the lieu tenant who is standing there. JnstalitOenod of your head.' She looked vacantly at me, and betook herself again to her dominoes. ' Ah V said he 'she's .little put out to-day because of the rain. Ijnekeysbenevercxtebes cold, and they say mad people are neverul AttheBeresina, and throughout the retreat from Moscow, she always went bareheaded. Go on, any dnU, play away, and don't trouble yourself about us. Do just as yon like, She took the band he had laid on her shoniaer- a black, wrinkled band— and lifted it timidly to her Dps and kissed it like a slave. It made my heart ache to see it, and I cried out i mniftj j strf jr i 'Come, major, let us get on, or tbe night will be upon ns before we (each Bethnne-' Be carefully scraped the yellow mud offbat booto Witt tire radrfttreaabhxn? of hi sabre; then be got upon the footboard of the cart, and drew tbe hood of the cloak over the girl's bead, ana, taking a black auk handkerchief from his neck, tied it around her. He tihen replaced the tarpaulin, started the mule, and then with the customary hitch of his shoulder we resumed the march. The -rain fell heavily, the sky was dark and threatening, and the weary road stretehed away before ns in a never coding line, and even the trightfnl windmiEs which ataddedtfce country seemed nnableto move under tbe universal depression. We fell into silence, and I watched the old officer as bestrodealongwithunduniniahedenergy, when the mule appeared nearly done up, and even my bone begau to show symptoms of fatigue. Every now and then the brave old fellow took off his shako to wipe tile perspiration from bis brow or the rain from hii thin prey hair, from his white moustache, or thick eyebrows. He did cot seem to trouble himself in the least wiili tbe effect bis story might nave had npon me, and he had plainly sought to make it neither better nor worse than the reality, but after some tune be fell back alongside of me again, and began an ^terminable story of a campaign he had once gone through with Marshal Massena in Spain, in which his regiment, formed in squsre, had beaten ott three successive charges of cawrtrj, I could Dot listen to it, although fee eatered iatoalaag disquisition topr^e^diesapenoritvofinfastrjf - over cavalry. At last the' night came down upon ns, the mud became tMes»'aw4.^s)mer. and not a hovel of even the hsawjiwtfcjail wa» to be seen near tbe road. We stopped at lsstt under a dead tree, Hk only ose naaj^-lap highroad, and be at sr« bsgmrwJ^gTilW mule, and I did what I touM far soy fcoraatf Then he looked into cne cart as tenderly as* modier looks into tbe cradle of her infant, and I heard him say. 'There, my wfciM, put tftiat mat jiuuufl your fleet and fa^ to go to sleep.' Turning to me, he i«lnl, -'That's all right. Sbe hasn't had a drop of rain inside. ' and then placing some straw under tbe cart we crawled on to it to cet out of the rain, and be produced a loaf of bread, which we shared between as. 'I'm sorry I can't give you anything better for supper, but a is not so bad as the steak of hone, cooked with powder instead of salt, thst we had toauit in Russia. I always aunage to have something a little better for her, sod sbe Skn to have ber mods by herself; far she' aAlar4aM to come near her since thai attar of the later.- . As he finished apeskiag nlori her sigh ?nd aw, 'Take asray the baffle* ; take & la&VtJrtafmybeud.;* I started np. sad be made me lit 1m again, 'Statin, aitrtill.' said he, 'that's nothing. 8be has asid that all ber life, for ahe always rnebeves she feels the ballet in her brain. U if the only sign abe erer gives of all (he nattering use baa gone through; and a dear, I fastened sadly to this wiftoot speaking, ?ad then I ~l~-l.f~i that no leas than eubteeu yean bad elapsed once 1797. daring ?ffvfaMb. period tbiw Sad been daily enacted, and I Bmd on tbe ekancter of the aan seated beside me. At lest I could stand it an lancer, and tuning suddenly to bias, aad ?Bn&ttjlushsnd;, I shook it warmly. 'You're a, downright worthy fellow,' ssid 'Andwhyr reriiedtie.withanaafanUMd ?Jr. 'You mean became of the poor girl fian! Dout yon see it is my duty!' Then Is: usast off into another story al ? I Ifaaii in S next morning early we reaebed the tittle Awn of Bexhune, where everything was kgrestortcoafoHou, for 'beotant saddle' usern already begmniogto (totnij the white flag to make room tor the tricolour. Drama me beating the aaaemUy. the Cent-Gardes were mattering, the squadrons of the mounted body-guard were forming around the carriage of the princes and the streets were filed with the aoldietyaiid the baggage waggons. Tbe wvni in ??y own nfjuunE WaJHie ibb rajgBtny old coapanieu an tbe march, and joining my sqwdton I lost uight of hu little cut in tbe crowd. Alas ! I never aaw bun again. Often and often bad t wondered what had becosseof him, bat I had stupidly forgotten to ask hia name, and each enquiries aa I could make bad not malted in obtaining any information ahoat him. One day. however-4 thiakrtw*»inl82S-when I happened tube dtCTtMiE him to M old qptainol infantry, I proved to be mare fortmate. 'I maeamer him weU,' aaid be. 'Be was e grand aid fellow,- hot a buBet at Waterloo tumbled him on. Be hai left a aaort of mad-woman in it, nod when we on tha Loire, we left her there' I hesrd afterwards that ahe died in three dais, taring ana.' 'He did fas £uty. then, to the met,' I 'When we answer to the final roB-calL I faope we may be able to give aa good an account «f ourselves as he will.' 'Amen,' uuaiuunJ my friend. 