A GEIM JOKE! [ {Cootamundra Herald.) ' The inhabitants of a small township situated not more than the orthodox 'one hundred miles ' from Murrumburrah have gained greater notoriety by their mischoivous propensities than by other qualifications, and they are deter mined, so far as in them lieth, to maintain their exultant reputation, at least so it would seem by the following One day lately an old resident of the township departed from this lifo, and before the burial took place some of the. neighbours assembled to hold a ' woke.'* Previous to this, however, tho manufacture of a coffin was entrusted in tho hands of a second rate tradesman, but when finishod it was not considered of vory elegant proportions by those in authority and was condemned, the carpenter recoiving instructions to exercise his ingenuity in the making of a second box. This one suited better, and tho corpse was laid out according to timo-honoured fashion nnd left in a private room to await the interesting coremony. In tho moantime an individual possessed with an ardont love for Walkor's whisky fell into tho hands of a few larrikins, and- was made so help lessly drunk that his troubles wero a pleasure to him. This individual was put in tho 'con- domnod ' coffin, covered over with the lid, and placed in tho room where tho wako was to bo hold, tho corpse of tho dead man being removed. This took place in tho evening, and shortly aftorwards the friends -of the late Mr. M ? assembled to colebrato tho wako, and indulge in tho festivities ubuoI on such occasions. Things wont along gaily while tho individual in the coffin was sleeping tho dead sleep of— well, not of the virtuous ; but presently tho effects of the whisky began to wear off, and tho supposed corpse simultaneously gave a deep groan and a kick. Tho. room was olearod in' an instant, and in tho scramblo for exit from the land of ghosts tho ' wakors ' quite forgot to take with them thoir hats and umbrellas. Ono young man is supposed to bo travelling across tho hills at rail way rate yet, and two others have been anxiously searched after by their lady lovos. 