OTHER SLANDERS REFUTED. TiLE virulent attacks of the Conserva tive press upon Liberal politicians has done much to demoralise public politi cal life in Victoria, and perhaps no instance of this has been so flagrant and flagitious as the recent persistent attacks of the Argus upon Mr. VALE. Those attacks have been made simply from a vindictive personal motive to depreciate the character of a politician who happens to belong to the Liberal party, and the grounds of the accusa tions made against Mr. VALE, have been utterly untenable from any logical standpoint, and have been completely refuted by the Alge, as well as by tkae explanation of the circumstances at tending his importation of furniture given by Mr. VALE to his constituents recently. The bitterness and vindic tiveness of the Argus accusations against' Mr. VALE are only paralleled by those of the same journal against the members of the late Berry Ministry, and are so transparently partisan and untruthfil as to shock the public ideas of right and decency. If the Argus was n?t clearly convicted of having falsified the returns from the Customs House, all we can say is that the logic of fair reasoning advanced by the Age did not secnre the ultimate conviction of the public mind to a verdict against th?e Argus which such a line of ratio cination as that pursued by the Age was calculated to produce. It was shown clearly in the lge that tlhe articles of furniture alleged to have been introduced by Mr. VALE Awere bonsa fide secodlhand furniture and were bronght out under different cir cumstancess ;tand representations than those set forward by tile .-?sgut. Thus atnother slander :gainst .. Liberal poli tician was refuted. There would seem to be no limit to the unscrupulouse mnisrepresentations to which the Argus and " tih rage so'impote- t of the DaIly " Tel-lie-,yul'ph", will' descend in order to blacet ex pot ical opponent, bolster uI atn varios. tpr:cause, or manufacture a littl.: India, 4 and ephemeral popu INhs r.'rantee, \Iinistry. Tllhus, the t p ude' r tntd allegations have re cttlg malshed, in the fruitless ltfl '? t he public believe, i . rI.ft's work 4: never said such a tp t ,tlogy of lbuld live in a tent , Life." descis. a week, and be << tce of iunhoedlolh ti he sttontent j r-tOw the"y cant, . .nt l red to n utation of the ullou tended t ? ,? ' port in the Age. Simportant trealL deal of protestation, , they are enfcndulged in with the liew may be had ieve that " Mr. SEVtI?E .il . each, or frt.ans fatvorablo to the en ousps, or fromit of Chinese cheap labor," mr, DR. ttion, however, is emplhati e ,boseat. east ttad disproved by the fact -r I?E 'tl haing appointed to li corresn sition Committee a tnumber of tdentialflc notminees, expressly to over I. L ite action of the Exescutive cosm :-r tj., who had decided to exclude the rd;oo "e froet competing with European Yol?un the manufacture of chairs for " xhibitiou. Ministers themselves, seem to keep Ipdce iitli their organs or to defy.the iomletition of the latterl -in the matter of wil f1l and palpable misprlesentatiol. ' Tlie . binisters of Railways, Mines, and Pnblic Works, on Friday went to. the .north`awestern districts, speadkig at arious lcaces, in most confident ?-oieis, of( the certan passage of their Refotrgi Bill, although they know as well as_ everybody that it " has not the ghost of a chance of "being passed," as an hon. said in the House. 