NEW SOOTH WALES. fFrom out own Oorresponde-afc.1 .Sydney, Jvecetnber 4. The state of the E jtany water supply is can*-* ing CEeaBiDess; to tho civic ^.utlwritiea, Tha vater is very low. The eleotion of mayor takes plaoe on Thurs day next. Aldermen Young, Harris, Hardie, \- and Daviea are likely to contest the eleotion. \- qptia sum of £1,009 has been collected for the ; benefit of the widow of the Kev. G. 0. Bode. Dr. W. A. Frazer, of Wiloannia, died from sunstroke yesterday. Little was known of him -: in the district, bat it is supposed that he was 'Well connected. His age was thirty-eight. The weather yesterday was very hot. To day \- it is raining, but the atmosphere is olose. December 5. ' James Ponoh, the celebrated aquatic eathu siast, is dangerously ill. ! The Hew South WaleB Society of Arts' firbt exhibition opens to-morrow. There are over two hundred exhibits by well-known artists add amateurs. The water- colors are particularly cod. . Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Watson arrived in. Sydney, at 9.30 this morning, doing the journey ' lom Melbourne to Sydney in 21$ hours. • The latest scratchlngs tor Tattersali's Gap are follow:—Admiral, Elastic, Democrat, Kelso Martindale, Victor. The racehorse Lord Harry has arrived safely at Singapore. j The cricket match Alberts v. Oarltons lapsed on Saturday'owing to the rain. The rifle association matohes commence on 'Wednesday. ..There are numerous entries. • Evening. One of the survivors of the Cospatrick disaster, now a member of the artillery force, has been arrested at Newcastle for desertion. ■ Another fall of ooal has ooourred at Lambton, ■by which a man named Bushton was seriously . injured., . , - . < i A man named Baker has .been shot in. the ribs at Temora. It is doubtful whether this was. -the result of an accident or not. :. Sir. J. 0. Layoock, father of the famous -Soulier, has met with a severe accident at Grafton. He was loading a gun, when the. powder exploded, seriously injuring his eyes. - StraDge occurrences, in whioh there appears, to be some truth, are reported as having takdn place in a house at Parramatta. The spiritu alists put down the affair to ghosts; All the evidence shows that the occurrences are uh« ■accountable. : j ' Harvesting operations are being carried on' vigorously in the Bathurst district, where the prospeots are exceedingly good. 