BRISBANE AFFAIRS. FXtOH OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT, November 10. THE eession is ending in storm as it began. How much further they can go without com ing to a free fight remains to be seen, and I think if another session goes on as this one has gone, it will be brought to actual test. ' It is certain that if the Opposition are aggravating, their opponents bear the palm at slanging, and the; have been having a go in. Perkins unburdened himself on Monday or Tuesday, I forget which, apropos o£ mlffimg in particular. I hear that he has been itch ing for a wire in, and be could deny himself no longer. The feature of his speech was an attack on Griffith, for whom he had always had a good deal of respect and liking, and against whomhehad not before delivered an attack. He took a side kick at some pressman, unmarried, the tame individual, apparently, who had been denounced by Horehead as the greatest scoundrel in the countiy. Assuming that the members were acquainted with the man, and the general act of bis ecoundrelism he described him as sending his " muck and filth " tbropghout the country, " through the leader of the Opposition," at least so Hansard reports him. It is a rather confused business isn't it-this wicked man making use of 6am as a service pipe forthe discharge of his abomina tions. But these Parliamentary orators never abuse a man in this fashion outside the safe shelter of their privilege. Wo others -hireling scribblers, &c.;, &c;,,-cannot print a word without full responsibility, it is only members of Parliament who can fling mud from a bomb-proof shelter. On Wednesday wc had a battle royal. The Government proposed Mr. Geo. King, of Gowrie, the present Commissioner in Mel bourne, as a Commissioner to go to England and investigate the steel rail business, and they would listen to no suggestion of Bnother name or any alteration whatever. To say that the debate was hot is no way of express ing it. Griffith spoke amidst a perfect storm of interruptions; a candidate on the hustings in the old days did not have a wilder recep tion. The bad blood originally stirred over this business was made infinitely worse, and the House presented the appearance of a bear garden, with the bears in the agonies of toothache. Really, Mr. Editor, the training men get in the bush, in the woolshed, and at the stockyard is fast becoming a necessary qualification for Parliament. For strength of lung, volume of abuse, and what Mr. Douglas would call " potency of language," youi western representatives are unmatched. A scrub bull charging isn't a circumstance to them, and they have it their own way mostly, The debate (?) ended in sheer exhaustion the mud volcano had no longer strength to spout, and it subsided into a mere puddle at least. The Mr. Geo. King chosen is probably known to several of your readers. He is an old man, very white, and the very type of a courteous old English gentleman. How widely he must be respected is evident from the fact that although a Darling Downs squatter, Groom spoke in the highest terms of him. Indeed die only real objection to him is that he is too good a man-that his long, blameless, and honorable life has not been the right training for a man who will have to cope with astute sharpers by whom, it is to be feared, our agency in London is surrounded. On the other hand it is urged that a man who has been twenty years in business, and in Sydney, ought to be able to recognise a dodge. The Hon. E. King, the Speaker, was to have been chosen as I told you, but refused to act unless appointed by the unanimous consent of the House, which could not be obtained. On Thursday, in the Assembly, there was another wild sitting. The report of the Select Committee appointed to inquire into the working of the Crown Solicitor's officers, in consequence of the matter having been brought under notice by some charges of malpractice brought by Mr. Lumley-Hiil, was under discussion. The report was to the effect that although Mr. Hill evidently believed in his own charges, there was no thing in them, that the charge of malprac tice had not been sustained, and that they had not time to go into the whole question of the working of the office. Messrs. Hill and Morehead attacked the report and those who had made it in a furious manner-I really can only describe them as roaring against it. Now the Committee was a singularly impar tial one, with one of the most highly respected members of the new Parliament, Mr. Norton of Gladstone, as chairman. After a long night of fire and fury the adoption of the report was carried by 20 to 4, the minority being Messrs. Morehead, Hill, Simpson and Davenport. This so exhausted members that they adjourned till Sunday, instead of finish ing up to day. In the early part of the afternoon your member " went for" Hansard and the chief of the staff, Senior. He com plained that some remarks of his anent GBr rick had been left out, and went on to make the most reckless and unfounded expressions on Senior and the staff, that there was roguery in the galleiy, that they hod been " squared," &c.;, icc. All this was, mind you, the wildest rot. If Senior was not known to be a thoroughly honorable man, the Opposi tion might have some cause to say that he had been squared, for he is always being invited to Ministerial junkettings, tun. Morehead, in particular, has always appeared to be a friend of hie, and I don't think that beyond mere acquaintanceship he knows anything of the Opposition leaders. There isn't a shadow of truth, not the ghost even of a shadow of foundation for such a charge. Put yourself in Senior's place, a middleaged man whose l'ress career began in early youth, who has at his back a lifetime of unblemished integrity, who has enjoyed the fullest confidence of newspapers like the London Daily Mm, concerns compared to which our paltry little Assembly is very small potatoes-an honorable man and a gentleman compelled to sit tongue-tied while he was being foully slandered by a man like your member. I write strongly, Sir, because I feel strongly, nnd I have every, confidcncc that you will shore my indigna tion at this sort of thing. I know of my own personal knowledge bow utterly baseless the whole attack was, and you, as a Pressman, enn, by looking at llantard, and remember ing that tho reporters have four or five Com mittees to report also during the Inst few weeks, will know what work they have had to do. I seem to have nothing but slander nnd libel to write about. The result of the case against tho Auttralian did nut surprise people here much. I number several Catho lics among my acquaintance and friends, and I know that they and most intelligent men of their faith here regard it as a righteous punishment for a very unjustifiable slander. Indeed some of them are specially pleased, for they have felt it as a sort of disgrace to them that their " ojgan," according to popu lar repute, should have done each a thing. Belonging, as I do, to the secular Pressmen, for whom there is no hope of salvation, I regard it as the natural result of letting a clergyman meddle with editorial work. While a layman, Hackay, ran the paper it W&s;, in my opinion, a much more creditable production. My experience here Jed Jne to look out sharp for libels when a priest, af parson, or a woman take to writing. Weather hot and cloudy, but dry. To-day there is a big Parliamentary pic-nic to the waterworks. It is a good move, for there has been a big drunk on this week, and they must wont something to wash down the liquor. In fact there were many indications that the greater part of the fire and tary which I have described was fed by the excel lest three-star supplied in the Be&eshment; Boom. 