DENOMINATIONAL1SM. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Having seen of late some articles in the Colonist under the heading " Denominationalism," I beg a little space for a few words on that subject. As long ago as January last I wrote at some length reviewing your leading article on the above subject of the 3rd of that month, but had not the courage to forward it to you after it was written I am now, however, gaining courage, seeing some noble-hearted men are coming to the rescue, have dropped the motto, " Discretion is the better part of valour ;" and, believing there are tremen dous issues at stake, I venture to second the efforts of your correspondents who take exception to your leading article of January 3rd, also to Mr. Nicholson's paper, the leading features of which you published in your issue of October 17. Were Christianity making headway and bearing down Sin, Evil, and Error before it, I would not break silence on the matter of divisions unless requested to do so. But the want of vitality and power in the Churches—the desperate efforts that are being put forth by here and there one to rouse the flagging energies and stimulate the more than half-paralysed efforts of its members—together with the enquiry from various quarters, What is the cause ? How can we rally our forces ? How fill our pews ? How induce souls to fly to the arms of Jesus, the Christ 1—seem to impel those who have a word to say to speak out. I beg, therefore, under a deep sense of the importance of the matter, to suggest that Schism, and its sequence—a rent Bible—is among the causes, if not the sole cause, of the present weakness of the professing Church. I do not like the idea of controversy, nor could I attempt it with the weapons of human wisdom or natural ability, but I may call attention to the fact that neither Sir. Nicholson nor yourself attempt to substantiate your position from the Word of God; on the contrary, human reason, policy, adaptation to circumstances, form the creed cf the schism you advocate, notwithstanding the emphatic statements in the New Testament that schism is not of God. I am no advocate for Bretliremsm, nor, on the other hand, do I believe in the rampant Ecclesiasticism of the day, but I have no doubt God has provided a common ground of meeting for all His children—The name of Jesus the central point— The Spirit of Christ the adjusting principle—The Holy Ghost the energising power, and the Word of God the guide and directory, provision being also made that all cases of dispute should be submitted to God in prayer, and left with Him till He reveals His will in accordance with His word. " am not a prophet, nor the son of a prophet," but I venture to say that as the professing Church has thought that in her wisdom she knew a better way to do God's Work than the plan He has been pleased Himself to lay down in His Word; that God will set it aside, as a vessel not fit for His use, and that the vessel will drift, in fact is drifting, on to a lee and rocky shore, where she (the Church as at present constituted) will be broken to shivers, whilst every real live soul, through the blessed provision of a lifeboat, will gain the land in safety— Let the wise prepare for emergencies. I venture to suggest that the only hope of rallying is to " Stand in the ways and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein." Speaking of the extremes of Bretherntsm and EccleBiasticism—Are not a portion of the Church dying of spiritual dyspepsia from food too rich, without sufficient exercise; and another portion dying of emaciation and loss of appetite ?—the food supplied to them not being sufficiently nutricious from overcooking and confinement to a certain kind without change. A quantity of the food also being wasted through being conveyed to them in silver tubes from an altitude that carries it over their heads, consequently it becomes absorbed "in the air." A peculiar feature of the disease, also, is that certain limbs become paralysed through other and more prominent members, saying "I have no need of thee"—many a battle with evil has been lost on that account, not merely from the fact of certain limbs being paralysed, but from the languid circulation caused thereby throughout " the body." There are also other causes which tend to aggravate the disease,|such as un-natural natural appetite —craving for poisonous substances, which though very palatable to the depraved taste, weaken and injure the constitution—" innocent pleasures" and harmless entertainment"—are the names of some of the poisons which, under certain circumstances, would help circulation, and promote health, but being generally produced on the enemy's ground it partakes of the poisonous nature of the ground, induces a stupid torpor—hence the mischief. Another deleterious effect is produced by some in certain departments, avowing that no food can be nutritious and palatable unless first immersed in water. Those in another department are equally certain that a few dropB of that element, at arm' length, is all that the system requires. Again, there are some who declare that " strong meat" is the only suitable food, alike for infant and adult—provided they can claim it by birth-right— whilst their neighbors " over the way" are equally sure that " milk," whether for diet or medicine cannot be surpassed, may be diluted at pleasure and is free for all comers. So, what with plethora on one hand, and atrophy on the other, there seems urgent need for the Great Physician to come, and many are reverently saying " Thou Healer of all maladies, in due time, come, Dropping metaphor, however. Were we to touch on the policy of Denominationalism it might admit of arguments which, fairly weighed, would neutra lize, if not completely overbalance, one of the main reasons assigned in the article referred to, viz, "The value and usefulness of Denominational ism." There are instances—not a few—in country town ships where some two or three ministers, almost within the sound of each other's voices, preach to an average of 20 or 30 persons—in some instances to about a dozen—each of the congregations having to struggle hard to keep their minister just above starving point; whereas the voice of one minister could cover the aggregate of the hearers, and him self be decently maintained without special effort, Again, if denominationalism be an error (and we believe it is) one error leads to others, inasmuch the great difficulty experienced in raising sufficient money to support "the cause," leads to con trivances and schemes to raise funds contrary to the direct teaching of Scripture, and in many instances instead of stimulating each other, rivalry would be a more appropriate word to use, which is evident in the attempt to outvie each other in chapel build ing as well as various other ways. Now, supposing there are one hundred townships in the colony having three ministers each, where one would be sufficient, of course the labors of the two hundred (other things being equal) would be so much effort wasted that might be most usefully employed in destitute districts. Have we plain direction given in the Word of God in the matter at issue, or have we not ? If not, then we are at liberty to advocate either union or division as to us seems best adapted to the furtherance of His cause. If we have, then loyalty to our Master demands implicit obedience thereto, leaving results with Him. We may ask, Where in the New Testament do we find divisions advocated or countenanced ? We confidently answer—nowhere. If, then, we should reverence the silence of Scripture as well as its teachings, is it not taking a grave responsibility to advocate divisions because toe think it best ? Who can say that the present formal, worldly, flabby Christianity is not attributable to the rending asunder of the " body" that should be manifestly one 1 We think it would be better, far better, for the various forms of religious thought to be brought in contact, subject to the Divine guidance and adjustment, than for each branch to have a compart ment of its own; in the one case each renders his quota to the building up and edification of the " body" as a whole; in the other case only such features of truth (and those often distorted) as from position, education or training, &c.;, may have been embraced are fostered, and perpetuated, to the exclusion of other truths, which to that particular branch are unheeded. We may reasonably expect that a God of infinite wisdom and love would give ample directions in His word for the guidance of His Church in all essential matters, which directions would be binding on His Disciples until superseded by another unmistakable revelation or other sovereign interposition.. Consequently we find obedience to the " Word" constantly enforced, the Saviour making full pro ision for the guidance, edification and comfort of His people during His absence by sending another comforter, evidently to take His place in directing, and who was to abide with them for ever. Having, then, the Spirit directing through, and always in unbroken harmony with the Word, we submit that no one is justified in dividing, or attempting to divide, the body of Christ into sections without the explicit authority of the Word of God. That the invisible Church is one, no one will question, that the Church should be also manifestly one in accordance with the Saviour's prayer (John xvii), the urgent entreaty of the Apostle (Eph. iv. 3), His mourning over and condemnation of divisions (I Cor. iii. 3), we should think no one would attempt to deny. And the fact, that in the inspired addresses to the churches, all the saints in a given locality were included, and no division recognised; seems demonstrative that sectarianism is not of God. To say that union is : impracticable, or that divisions are sometimes beneficial, is beside the question, and savors of human wisdom, implying that we know a better way to do God's work than the directions given in His word. I am not oblivious to the kindly feeling and loving intercourse existing between many of the churches, nor of th6 benefits sought by Evangelical Alliances, etc., but these are only attempts at healing sores caused by an unhealthy system, and which, so long as the cause is perpetuated must continue to break out afresh. We do not think that uniformity in all the ramifications of Christian belief and experience is either attainable or desirable. But we do most surely believe that harmony in diversity may and ought to exist in the church of Christ as well as in the natural world; and that diversity of thought in religious truth, when in subjection to the word and Spirit of God, would prove the best and only proper stimulus for Christian life and labor. The Acts of the Apostles bear me out in theso statements; they were not free from dissensions and earnest discussions, but their subjection to the Holy Spirit and the word made " the spirit of the prophets subject to the prophets," and the Holy Spirit in His own way brought God's designs to the surface, and they " became all agreed When " certain of the sect of the Pharisees who believed," wanted to teach circumcision," etc., the apostles and elders came together to consider the matter. After much disputing, Peter made a statement, then kept silence; then Paul and Barnabas made a statement, and then held their peace ; James also speaks in turn, each referring to the infallible word— and they arrive at a unanimous decision. In any similar difficulty occurring in modern times, we fear there would be found a Mr. Batseyes to propose, and a Mr. Blindzeal to second:—" That those circumcisionists be partitioned off, because of the twofold advantages thereof, namely, each party could enjoy their opinions in peace, and each would be a thorn in the side of the other, to " stimulate" to the work of the spread of the gospel—as hammered on their own anvil. I may repeat that what we need is subjection to the " Word and Spirit," then all Christians in any given locality, meeting together in the name of Jesus, realising the love of God shed abroad in their hearts, would find themselves so attracted towards Christ, and so occupied with His love, as to sink their differences on minor points into subjectition to each other, betaking themselves to prayer in all matters of difficulty, and confidently expect to be directed aright by the heavenly teacher through the word, whilst the exercise of charity would preserve fellowship and harmony. I have only just touched the border of the subject of the evils of denominationalism, though it is one of exceeding importance, striking at the very root of church constitution, and I should like to see an abler pen than mine take it up with a view to elucidating the truth, that we may build on the foundation of the " Apostles and' Prophets," Jesus Christ himself being the Chief Corner Stone, that all may be to edification. Trusting that I have not encroached too much on your space, I am, Sir, &c.;, ? B. C. Maitland, Dec. 17th, 1879. [Mr. Nicholson has represented to us that in fairness to him his paper on Denominationalism, which has given rise to this correspondence, should be published in our columns in full. In compliance with his request we will publish the paper in our next and following issues.— ED.] 