MR. BERRY IN A NEW CHARACTER. Those cynics among us who hold that an ultra democrat is almost invariably an aristocrat and a tyrant at heart will be confirmed in their belief by recent events in Victoria. Mr. Berry's concep tion of the duties of a patei'nal government is in many respects not unworthy of an autocrat of the old- fashioned royal or imperial pattern ; and fo find an exact parallel for his latest action we must go back more than a hundred years. Modern experience certainly does not furnish another instance of a minister, at least in Eng- I laud, or in any of her colonies, daring enough to interfere, through political motives, with the amusements of the people. Evidently, in more ways than one, Mr. Berry is desirous of ordering tilings in the neighbouring colony ' as they do — or rather as they used to do — in France.' He who once threatened his opponents with ' broken heads and flaming houses,' as a consequence of their refusal to accept his policy, appears to be suddenly filled with nervous fears, lest certain passages in a stage-play might lead to a breach of the public peace. A localized version of a burlesque entitled ' Happy Land,' which had a successful run in London some few years ago, was announced for representation at the Acadamy of Music, Melbourne. It was likely to prove very attractive, as it was known to contain many politi cal allusions — was in fact a satire on the present Ministry. Mr. Berry, ostensibly for the preserva tion of social order, ' good manners, and decorum,' interdicted the performance. Mr. Aarons, the lessee of the Academy of Music, waited on the Premier, submitted the manuscript of the objectionable piecc to his inspection, and, at the same time, pointed out that the political hits were far less offensive than thoso of the English version. But Mr. Berry was inexorable, aud de clared he would not permit his Government to be held up to contempt. He, however, on being in formed that all the obnoxious passages had been carefully expunged, reluctantly consented to the production of ' Happy Land.' Mr. Aarons can scarcely be blamed for not adhering very strictly to the letter of his engagement. The temptation to retaliate on the Chief Secretary v/as too great. The public, as might have been expected, rushed to sec the forbidden play, and it at once achieved a popularity which undoubtedly its intrinsic merits did not promise. Every refer ence to contemporary events was applauded — and, strange to say, no breach of the peace occurred. But the champion of the plebiscite v/as not to baffled ; he complained that the lessee had broken faith with him, threatened to cancel his license — ? and finally the burlesque had to bo withdrawn. The affair altogether is strangely out of place in a free Australian city at the close of the nineteenth cen tury. The Melbourne papsro have published the entire text of ' Happy Land,' and I10 would be a very ingenious critic indeed who could discover anything in it to warrant the Chief Secretary's assertion that its performance would be an outrage on ' good manners and dccorum' ; always as suming that the conservation of 11 good manners and decorum ' does not strictly depond on the continuance of Mr. Berry and his friends n office. This high-handed interference on the part of the Promier is, if possible, a worse blunder than the .Embassy. The ridicule which it must necessarily excite will be more fatal to him than all the arguments of the oppo sition. Even among those thick-and-thin ad herents who still swear by him, in thus shrinking from a little harmless banter, he will have suf fered an irreparable loss of prestige. Mr. Berry would have done well to have assumed a virtue if he had it not ; and if he really felt secure in that robe of patriotism in which he so ostentati ously envelops himself, he might have allowed the satirist to do his spite, and laughed at , ? all ' weak inventions of the enemy.' Still it must be admitted that the Premier, and his faithful associates, Mr. Woods and the ' Major,' have been very bitterly quizzed by the author of ' Happy Land.' Tho denouement, of the extravaganza, in which the trio are carried down to Hades by the avenging ghost of Henderson Africanus is, perhaps, too unpleasantly suggestive of an approaching fall to be received by any of the gentlemen in question with perfect equani mity. The powers that be are not quite so thin skinned iu the mother country. Nobody over dreamed of accusing Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan of endeavouring to excite a spirit of insubordina tion in the ' Queen's Navee' by 1 ailing at the Admiralty officials, in H.M.S. Pinafore. But happily England is still governed by statesmen , not demagogues 'dressed up in a little brief authority.' Our southern neighbours are, how ever. beginning to awaken from their delusion, and find, like Titania, that they have been ' enamoured of an ass.' The political death of Mr. Berry and his party may be predicted as one of the most certain of coming events. They cannot, at all events, be credited with the Roman virtue of knowing how to die with decency and dignity, and their funeral oration will, probably, be a peal of scornful laughter. 