JOTTINGS FROM THE METROPOLIS. [From our own Correspondent.] One of the greatest indications of progress in a country is shown by the addition made to its press literature, and no matter where started new journals if well conducted, are gladly hailed by the intelligent portion of society. South Australia is in no wise behind the rest of the colonies in the number of its newspapers, and I may. say with truth, after a long connection with the Fourth Estate, that those who therein cater for the public, faithfully perform their duty. The establishment of a weekly paper at Mount Barker must be truly regarded as a step in the right direction; hitherto, its interests have been mildly advocated by the representatives of the District, or occasional correspondents to the daily press,, and it is not to be expected by such meagre means its progression could be all that its resi- dents desire, or of that character such an import- ant place deserves. Many who have merely heard the name of Mount Barker, will, by aid of its " Courier," now be made more intimately ac- quainted with the locality, its resources, and people, and in some instances no doubt trade and business will be facilitated thereby. It is not customary with your Correspondent to enter into lengthy prefatorial remarks, but in the present instance, as this is his first communication to the first issue of your journal, such will not, perhaps, be thought inappropriate. Adelaide has recently experienced a mild ex- citement; the visit of His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, formerly Governor of New South. Wales, later on Governor of New Zealand, and now appointed to the management of affairs, in South Africa, came about in consequence of the John Elder touching at the Semaphore en route to England. Sir Hercules was received with great cordiality by His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois, enjoyed his hospitality, visited Marble Hill, attended the Morphettville races, went over,: Sir Thos. Elder's stud farm and inspected that grand animal "Gang Forward,"— and was most enthusiastically received by the public. He ex- pressed his delight at all he saw, and the agree- able manner of his reception. Sir Hercules is very fond of horse-racing, in fact horses are his hobby, but.there are few men who have done more to weed the Turf from the impurities which once characterised it than he. Lady Robinson like her husband, understands the " points " of a good horse. Sir Hercules and party sailed by the John Elder at half-past one on Sunday morn- ing. Whilst on the subject, I may mention, that His Excellency' Sir W. F. B. Jervois, family, and suite, left per South Australian for Melbourne, intending to be present at the opening of the ln- temational Exhibition. Some of our M-P-'s were also on board, and ere long others will follow, suit. The attractions elsewhere will be too great to withstand,— and we may therefore expect a speedy close of the session. It can hardly be considered barren of results, but; certainly there are many things left undone, and the require- ments of some country constituencies are unat- tended to. Objection will naturally be taken to the hurried system of legislation which is gra- dually making itself felt in our colony,— measures which should be brought forward at an early stage of the sitting are now frequently left to the end, and then either shelved for months to come, or if assented to, passed without due considera- tion. The Manufacturing Districts Bill intro- duced last session and ejected by a mere "fluke " was faithfully promised to be placed on the 'notice paper' during the present one, but as yet I have not seen or heard anything of it. Now, as the passing of such, a Bill would cause the circu- lation of thousands of pounds in districts having facilities for the starting of manufactures it is clearly seen how advantageous such would be for the country at large, and how increased thereby the means for employing surplus labour. Up to the present with all our endeavours to, keep pop- ulation here, it is evident the increase is not what it should be, or in proportion to that of other colonies. Our immigration system cannot be called well-managed, or this could not be observed. New plans must be adapted to those which have prevailed in the past to attract and localize population, and I know, of none superior to the establishment of manufactories, and the making of a large proportion of the articles for for which money is now sent to other colonies to obtain. Some will possibly regard these views as savoring.strongly of protection, and in South Australia where FREE TRADE has hitherto been the banner under which the masses have sworn to serve, .such sentiments will be thought very un- orthodox. In a future issue, I shall have more to say on the matter, as bearing on the colonization of this extensive colony. Amusements here seem to have lost- much of the charms they once wore, and the public are accused of want of appreciation of the efforts of those, who cater for their pleasure. The theatre is patronized but to a limited extent, and none of the hundreds turned away from the doors occur now; pit and gallery .are filled, but the "upper ten" do not muster strong nightly in the "dress circle" as is their wont when high-class drama or opera is produced. Shakesperian representations are always attractive, and as we cannot expect to have these ever on the boards, the next best thing is to witness plays which have a moral and eleva- ting influence. The modern drama writer revels in sensationalism, and the more blood-thirsty and villainous his characters, the greater the attraction to the thoughtless and uneducated of the multi- tude. I should like to behold a return to some- thing more legitimate than the trash over which people go in ecstacies, and some of the plays which delighted our forefathers fifty years ago, might now be advantageously revived. Taste is everything, and this is shown in the fact that Professor Pepper of world-renowned fame, who could draw crowds to listen to him at the Poly- technic, London, could scarce get an audience at the Academy of Music; his lectures are the best thing out, combining as they do, science and amusement; it is therefore a pity, patronage was not sufficient to ensure his lengthened stay in our midst. He is now in the country districts, but returns to Adelaide shortly, when he will produce his "ghost," a harmless spirit certainly, but none the less awe-inspiring for all that. Those of your readers who visit the metropolis should not fail to see this novelty, failing which, they will lose a great treat. Ketten is entrancing his numerous admirers at the Town Hall, and his piano-playing is simply marvellous. Those who imagine they are thoroughly masters of the "king of instru- ments" the piano, will after seeing Ketten play, admit they have a great deal to learn. The wreck of the Sorata has proved a "god send" to certain Rundle and Hindley street specu- lators, and clothing is now offered so cheap by drapers, that it may be called " giving it away." At one establishment on Saturday night, the large plate-glass windows were filled, .not only with piles of all sorts of articles, but also, with a goodly sample of individuals who greedily picked out of the heaps of debris from the Sorata, those things; they liked best or considered cheapest. The crowd outside this shop enjoyed the scene within immensely, as it was so ludicrous. Kid gloves were here in thousands, and all shapes and makes. The Nairne Railway construction, is too impor- tant a subject to be entered upon at the close of this hurried communication, and I shall therefore reserve remarks on it till my next. The latest item in reference to it is, that on Wednesday last, Mr. Basedow presented a petition to the Assem- bly, from residents of ..Gawler, and Greenock, against the construction of the second section of the Nairne Railway. It is well to know one's friends, and if l can obtain a sight of this petition, I will forward the gist of its contents. The remainder of the news of the day, com- prise police court cases -— chiefly drunkenness and assaults; accidents of a trivial kind; the usual births,.deaths, and marriages, &c.;, &c.; None of these call for comment, and I therefore conclude by wishing that the "Mount Barker Courier, and Onkaparinga and Gumeracha Advertiser" in- augurated under such favorable auspices, may ensure extensive patronage and prove a lasting success. 