THE GREAT BOAT RACE- bY a globe trotter. (Written for The Herald.) London, 17tli November, 1830. It seemed an interminable time between mr Ianding in England and the 15th of November, and in the meanwhile I was weighed down by the importance of recording faithfully the doings and ultimately the triumphs of the busy Australian sculler. In due course I left th.e Midland fdletriot, the olanging ol hammors, the wblz aud whirl of Bte'am implements, tho smoke of factories, and bustle and stir of the "blnok country," for what I was led to bolieva would be. the soene of another triumph for the Antipodes, Never was a de ception kept up better, whether for good or ill, On my arrival in England the idea of Triokott having a chance with the dashing Hanlan was derided by press and publio alike, whllo the river-eide people scouted the notion of tbo clumsy victor overs moribund champion, who had never properly held the belt, oompctiag with any ohance of bucosbs with ths wonder of the world. This opinion of Tciokett was that of England four months ago, and the trials and performances of our ahampion Eerved .in no whit to alter it. \- However, as time went on, there was a great revulsion of feeling, and in spite of themselves and their judgment, the smartest of prophets and criticB began tc allow that wonders would never cease, and that no one wonld be lose surprised than tbemrolves to find tho Aus tralian aorrying away with him to the Antipodes the undisputed championship of the world, and the vast prize offered by the Hop Bitters syndicate. How they arrived at this conclusion will nevor perhaps transpire. It le true that Layoook'a easy disposal of Riley and Hosmer, and tbo report that Trickett oouid play with hie Australian brother of the eoulls, had not a little to do with the betting market; but so far aa this oould be an indication of the result of any trial between him and Hanlan, it had aa muob to do with the affair aB the Btate of the Rip at Fort Phillip Heads. Time ie time, and style is etyle, while performances will ever prove some indication of a man'sfcapabilities. In this caee, however, Trickett's being sur rounded by men who were supposed to know something or everything, and the confident manner in which tbey talked of auccoaa and backed their opinion, overruled judg ment, experience and common sense, and there was not a paper in London — or England for the matter of that, bat acquiesced in the idea of tho possibility — aye and the probability— of the Australian walking in an easy first. This was due in eome measure to the deep-seated desire to eoe a cer tainty turned into a straggle, and tho faot that Trickett had friends who could Bay defiantly, and with the best financial moaning, " We will back onr man for a level ' thou ' and post the money." People — the outsido publio and ' Bpcrts" and critics alike— naturally thought thai there was some occult reason not disclosed why all their anticipations should fail of realisation. Anyhow it etanda on record that up lo the very day of tte mRtch there was a deep-seated notion, a notion indloatcd by the ont lay of money, that there was going to be a great disappointment, and that the Australians would scare another victory. It rauBt have been Trickett'a opinion when he took Hanlan's L1200 to L800, It must have been the Thompsons' when they offered level bets of L1000 and booked all they could got at the slightest odds. Now I hoar that the ring worked the markot in each country, and stood upeo volvet, Anyhow, up to Saturday, I bad it from the lips of the ahietest of the clique, that if Triokott did not win there would be a gigantic struggle; but that burring accidents he would land the pot. Some of tbo papers now try to mako out that be was overtrained, that weeks ago a bronchial disorder forced him to seek the milder climates of the Isle of Wight and Southern Prance, and oven now ns I write there are Ecribes who pregnottianto that his true form will show in the Hop Bitters contssl; but having seen the groat race, and mixed with authorities lor some days pastl cannot bnt own that Trickett met his superior, and that his ofl-repentod nsaurunoes that ha would be tbercor thereabouts, and the oonfidence of her friend?; were the result of hopes and assnr- anees running a«iy with judgment and oalcn- latioDjJfcr I never saw Euoh a hollow showing up as our champion get. You will read all shout Hanlan pulling hand over haud, and his Hopping to admire the Bcenery; dipping up water with his hands and drinking good luck to tho spectators; feigning to be druuk, or in a fit; convetsiug with Elliott as they pulled leisurely along tho Duke of Devonshire's meadows, and his parading his handerohiof and deliberately waving it to his friends and backers on the verandah at the Bull's Head at Barnos, Those are ull true ; I saw them done myself, for I was in the press boat on the parllio box, and bad ample opportunities for seeing every thing, and Hanlan's bravado ie deprecated in scores of letters and articles iu tho papers, As BFon as we of the preBB passed tho bridge at Putney, and pot abreast of the umpiro3 anil competitor',! bout?, the thing had oxploded. The betting publio knew whoso victory it was, \- and money against 'Hanlan could not bs bought. The appearanon of the men at ths post clinched their belief. ' Hanlan was all smiles and pranks, wbils Triokett looked beaten before lie started. Prom tho word "off" it was a foregone aonolnsion. There was a show on Trickett's par|, of a raos at first, but Hanlan nevor looked at his boat and contented (himself with sur veying bis opponent; and only eot to work for a few seconds to test his power and a fsw strokes told him that he would not be called upon. The rnco was over, barring ucoldonts everywhere— at tho couorete, at Hotdsn's wharf, the Grab Tree, the Soap Workd and when Hammorfmith Bridgewan shot th- Cnondian fully showed his haud in the serio) of cruel triumphs so muoh disapproved of. Trickett pulled on doggedly enough, but with out any hope of a spurt or a ghost of n ehow In vu ia Harry Kelly, in tho bow of theoultsr, implored him to lot himsolf out. In vain Lay cook waved his IDg. It waB appuent that N>cra was no "go" in tho niftUi ICuowiug Trickett as I do, and having been in a measure intimate with him from the time wbrtn ie left the Grcenwioh quarries for the eouliiurt track, I oannot account for the utterly abjeot look ho woroon Monday. I was oloso behind him io. tbo steamer, and oould wntah him aiosely, and I never saw "funk" so plainly wrltton on a man s face, a Btate of thiugs which contrasted hideously with hie continued avownnoea that ho was tit, and that Hanlan would have to row blm down. Shall I give yon a detailed acoount of tho raoe How the crowds aollcoted at every available coin of vantage, how ths boatB following the race wore like floating ant bedB; how we Australians got oruolly chaffed and naked If there was any other game we oould play at ? I think not. You will see plenty of Isetlacoounts of the affair, &the; time ofstartingaidjfinishing tbo respective, ditto of passing the various point". O'eBt moi gui voub parle— and believe me Hanlan bad an easy task of it, and could, I believe, have beuteu tho " Cornstalk " by a mile bid' he choBen. Hanlan, ns soon as re. suit of the race was known in Canada, which was — eceor ding to time— before it took plaoa received numbers ,o£ congratulations by wire from all sorte and conditions of representative mer, including Lome and the Lieutenant- Governor of his oolony or dominion. And well tho man desorveH dtHcrveo tbem, in apite of bis bravado, for bie display of sculling entitles him to anything. He has, with characteristic front, bucked out of pulling for tho Hop Bitters let prize of L500, fairily tolling the committee ha wants to reservo hiioEelf for his _ natlvo Toronto, Yuu see, bo might possibly miss the big honor and if ho did land it, tho world would say' "Well, ho might have let tho poor devils hare a chance eo he was wise'torest on a - pretty good bed of laurels. I shall never forget bis style in a boat — it ia not only tho mechanism and pulling, but tho iasouoioneo of tho follow that is wonderful. Of course, overy body is in costaoies over him, but they oannot speak or write too ecstatically abont bim. Ae usual, I waB out to-day. I have hauutod the river over since.. I came to London under the expectation of having some thing very acoeptable and rewardahle to soy about Australia, The weather was Biniul, It froze end rained, and ttm cold, beeideB cutting one to ths bone, was i, a ugly as tin — a sort of fog-raising, j suicide- suggesting cold. I saw Layuuiik bravely o it down hie field and beat Elliott, tbo mu.h ; vaunted Tyno man, out of hiB boots, snd re- ' joiced thereat. I really thick — and I an foolish to hazard a sp;culatiou whenyu will have opportunities of testing its value long before this reaches yuu — that Layooclc will carry off the L500 for first money or take a severe drubbing very hardly, Trickett won his race too in the face of blir ding rain aud so aBsassin of a south west breeze but after hiB exhibition ol Mouday. I nan but regard him aa a jib aud to-day he had she luck to meet two of the verest outsiders Nicholson aud Otaspor. Wallace Rose beat Riloy oasily enough, and strange to sayHoamerwas in bofore Warren Smith but as the eeooud man getB a Bhow for to-moriow (Friday 19th November) theNovaSootian may bavo been reserving him self and pulling for his backers, There were comparatively speaking few people to-dsy mid loally I bnve seen but tew prominunt colonials abuut, On tbo press boat on Mouday I recog nised Good, who represents the Australasias, who, by-the-bye, lost L120 on the raoe, and swears with me that tbo word Aur- traliu la wolcdoroua io England, 