Chapter XXIX.—Mrs. What's Dream. "We heard, from Bone a few days after her marriage. She; and Sir George were then in Paris, and Itosie gave a yety lively description of their hotel, the shops, add the theatres;"in fact, of everything likely to strike the fancy of a young girl on her first visit to the gayest city" in fthe world, hut she never mentioned Sir George. Not once did his name occur in her long letter. But Bhe wrote apparently in good spirits, and my mother was satisfied. But ! 1 knew Bode well. She was a girl too proud to complain of the consequences of . her own acts, and she had chosen Sir George, and knew verv well what he :was' before she had married Mm. ! The day her letter came was. ever after-/ wards marked in my mind, by a most.pain-, ful, nay most terrible inddient. Since poor Hesteris death I had been too ill to go tor the farm to see Mrs. Wray. But during my last illness, after my miserable parting with Atholl Garston, Bode* fold;; me/.that! she had twice called to enquire how 1 whs; hut that as I supposedit would only excite me to see her, and. recall painful memories, they had not told me of her'■visits' at the:: time. - - But the day Bosie's letter arrived, Mrs.' Wray was shown into our parlor about five o'clock in the afternoon, as I was dtting alone brooding over the fire. . - I heard her ask if I were alone before sheneamein.'; Thetfin her deep Hackywitlr her brown face looking worn and troubled, Hester's mother stood before me. " I've made free to come, MissMarget," she said, " and as you have nb fine com pany with you, can you spare me a bit of ;time?" : "Certainly, Mrs.Wray," I said,:rising, .and taking her hand. " I would have called to see you long ago, hut you know, I sup pose, that I have oeen veiy ill ?" " Yes, Miss Bose, Lady Witham that is now, told me that you were laid down, and that you had grieved sore over/the deathof my dear lass. God Mess you for what you did to her. noor lamb! Whoever neglected her yon etood her fast friend^ and her father, poor man, and I name your name for : a blessing every night when we kneel down . and say our prayers." I held out my hand, for I could not speak, and Mrs. Wray clasped it tightly in her hard worn one, "I'm sore distracted in my. mind, Miss Marget,"shesaid. ."Night and,day I have but one thought—for it's an awful thing to say—but I believe the dead have risen to cry for vengeance." "What do you mean ?" I asked, almost i breathlessly, Miss Marget,. I'll not deny,!'continued Mrs. Wray with a strange solemnity steal ing into* her voice," that I've wrestled sore ! in my prayers to have Hester's murderer I delivered up! I've prayed this in the still v hours of the night, mid I've brayed it in the"' meeting-house, and by the fireside, with my old man kneeling along wi'.me I She was bur one, ye see—the one bairn God gave us, and we could not bear* to give her up." " And her death—it was so dreadful," I ; said, trying to speak calmlyi ' «Av—if she had; dtod on her bed I would not have grieved so sore. But to be murdered'! ; Her 'dear face, that lay on my breast whepVshe was a..bapa, to.be bruised and crushed till her own mother scarce could tell it 1;' : It broke the old man's heart, and it has nigh broken mine, and: if it- wasn't for JohnVsjake, I wouldh't babe,, how soon they laid me alongside her in the', churchyard,"" •. t *' . - • V.'. •' I"It—rit was terrible," I said,•: «Well," went on Mrs. Wray, " I was telling ye how I prayed and prayed for; vengeance. If .I had to walk twenty miles,' ,1 would gb to see the man hanged who killed my Hester. And I believe now my.; prayers areheard." 1 "Ohl Mrs: Wray!" ' " It's .jtisfthm day fortnight it fiist Mp-; pened/' conf^ued Sfirs. Wray, " ahd when, as I am a living woman, Hester's spirit a^; . .peared to me ifta;dream.":: e. " In a dream B" J repeated. - r "Ay, a dream," said Mrs. Wray,in a voice full of bye.' ;""I hadpiayed'leng and soie before; I TOnf'to^'bedr that rnght; prayed thai the man might live to rue his bloody deed, and, in the night: Hester's spirit came. ' She was in her grave-clotheB, 'poprlgai "foal as I laid her in her: coffin— and Jhe' grMt .nmrk ;wab tti&' upon! hlr, ;brow» But I j^lu^quitoefear mid plain*! tbd 1 was nbt afrmtL She stood there looking at me, wringing her hands at times, and then "she spokei * Seek nnr murderer 'dowb the'; old qumy '£haft, she saidV -and after she.had.said-Ihto.ehe vahishea "away,!!,.:;' !,.; :!!!-.• V;,' ^ I could mot speak ; q deadly fear crept into ^y^heart.; Had the deadreaUy risen, then, to call flownvengeance bpon Edward! from her jyaye?. ,. . • t"u , '!.; !;''* ..'!'!-:; f When!! wokei" continued Mrs. "Wray, ! f? a great trembling: fell upon, me, mid the. , bed shocfe'underine/ but 1 never doubted the warrdbg: I had Been 'Hester's spirit, and to my' j^But, !^, 'Wrayr^ Ibegan, . „ {"Wait-, MimMargst, tiU I.tell yeall, and then I . tpbk :yell- not: misdoubt," in teytoptod>Mifti: Wray; /fWell* that! was thb fytbight* itod tybiights afterwards I* dreamed the very same dream - again! There stood Hester, in her grave-clothes, wringing her hands, poor lass, as" she had .wrung them afore,-and the self- same words were Cn her lips! 'Seek my murderer down the old quarry shaft,' she said, and ' then again she passed silently away." "I—I—do not understand it," I fal- • tered. It's a sure warning," proceeded Mrs. Wray, yet more solemnly, "some clue to Hester's murder lies down the old shaft, hidden there from all but God! Well, Miss Marget, again last' night she came! There were the same looks, the same .sad words. Hester won't rest in her grave now till we've done her bidding; andTve come to-day to ask ye to get your brother's leave for us to have the old quarry opened, and its secrets brought to light." " But—but, Mrs. Wray," 1 gasped," this could not be done. It would require a great deal of money to reopen the shaft— and it would be very dangerous— " My old man has a good few hundreds put by in the bank," replied Mrs. Wray, quietly," and weH gladly spend it all so that the poor lass may know she's not for gotten in her bloody grave. Yon know we've no one to leave it to now, Miss Marget," she added, with wistful pathos. "It was to have been hers, and the silver teapot and all, and it's no good now to me and the old man." " But—but—" I faltered. " It'll not cost Mm nothing," continued Mrs. Wray, raising her head with some of ber old honest pride. "I wouldn't be beholden, nor John either, to Mr. Edward " now for a sixpence, to be spent on my dear lass! He wed :her, but he thcdghf little of what he promised In th6 . church that day. They tell me even now that he's; after that hold-faced lass again that he ,went with in Hester's lifetime, though she's been hut dead a month or two, and though he knew that she had grieved sore about . this." I was sJlent-rrhnew not what to say.. ;;« Don't think .I mean any disrespect to. you, Miss Margek byntuoW thesethings,"' went on Mrs. Wray. :"As Italdyou afore, . my poor John anaLpray for a mesoi^' on , you night by night. But veil understand P, If 1, wenti nigh' Mr. Edward myselt l couldn't keep my tongue.tied. I must say . things, that would, anger him, and things , that would do my poor lass nogoodnow. So I want you to^ask Mm. The old quuxy is on Mr. Edward's ground, and all that' vre ' .want is leave,to reopen it. It'll east Mr. Edward nothing,^!or well find jthp cash, and the last sixpence we have, in .the, world. q!■' well gladly spend to answer oiix warning"; . ,;s "Edward——'s ;from home,"; Lsaid, . struggling to Mdq my feelings. " In A day - , or two we expect Mm, and I'll see ' him > thern" ■ ■ "Thank you, Mh?SMarget," sMd.^Mrs., > Wray, rising to tekeherleave.,; "My pool j. ■ John would have sent Ms best respects: to, you, but he's. so; dazed, like he thinks of , nothing. All his , spirit, poor ;msn, was buried with our Hester. He loved his 'lile.; lass,' as he used to call her, better than the apple of Ms eye 1" "I know," I said, and held out my hand To the poor mother, whose heart also lay in her dear child's grave. The grief of these simple people was inexpressibly touching* Hester had been their pride, their joy, and - after she was gone the world seemed empty [to them. ' But Mrs. Wray had left me a terrible task. How was' I to. tell Edward of the dream so strangely'mixed with truth—of - the weird warning which had come in the still hours of the night, to reveal the dark secret which lay Md in the bowels of the earth 1 He was expectedfo return to the Hal) the day following' Mrs.' V/my's visit. I knew this because "one of the, servants had come over vrith some "grap&ToV; my moths?) whioh he had ordered to be sent, and this ' servant had told ine that they expected; ' Mr. Selby hack 'on this day. He would - not reach Hadley .until, the., afternoon, I:' knew, but I: made nm my mind to go over to see him at once, ana to urgently; entreat him to leave Hadley, and for ever. ; " For what would1 it avail him to refuse permission, for the Aid quarry to be re^ opened? Any magistrate would givean order in such a case,And, if. he refused, would not "suspicion naturally at once' fasten upon Edward P " ' ■ Mr. Wray (poor Hester-a father) was a substantial man in a worldly sense. Such a man would carry weight withhim, and if he were willing to incur the expense of re opening the old quarry shaft to find some clue, noweyer slight, to his daughter's murder, I' felt convinced that sooner or later he, v^ould obtain permistion to do so, and then of EdwanTs guilt there could be little doubt. , , ' I spent a miserable night after Mrs. Wray was gone'thinhihg of these things, and a miflerable mormng when I rose.up. and remembered what was beforeme. Edward must gp away; "he must never come bach. Mrs. Wray was a .woman of determined will, and her love for her dead child, and her, superstitious feelings, had made her more dangerous, than a detective, and I knew well die would never rest until she had obeyed "the warning,"as die called it, of herfiream, I told jmy. mother I was goihg ovpr to sea Edward in the 'afternoon of the dhy that he was expected: home. But visitors delayedme, and itwM;hearly dark when I set .auj. f .Pajfhi except that a half-moon was^^ed^^ritp' fijM rayi^upon the road as I went along, hut though l was afraid I was. detenpip&d; •to' go,.for I .'felt that the soonOTj|!d^hrd; &0W; 0f. hi? danger -the better,> " i-.- fr'.. Myijhip&eih;^m^sted:u^)ii;me taking our servant;with,me, therefore I was not ukI quite, alone. ;; Butas. 1, went on I cor not helpj ieetfng a aqpeiptitious dread. I was obliged to cross tne fields to reach the. Hall, hut across these fields there wejretwo ways. , ..., . : ; One of these ways .(the .nearest) was the : very path on whicm. poor Hester was. mus* . derea. The other (the'one which made it, a longer walk, fa the Hall from the village) •. led throughthe field whicn contaihe d.. the. old quarry shaft.,. .. . ■ I chose.the fetter.; But I, shuddered aS i.; | walkedqmckly $qpgi;fpll^^.',r Paaid; I shuddeted, and drnred scarcely; V glanceinto the centrepf jfchet field,inwhicu.> a rqdp railing.. waa\ placed; roupd 'the old - quarry;diaft for safety.? b.; -^s J ' My dear father hadloften; contemplated: filling in this shafts It had been: sunk under the Belief that there was valuhhie-stone.. below. But this Was: found• not to be the case,andsoonafter^theshaftwas,madei the undertaking wasgiyenup. < We hid always., ;calledit the ^iold quarry,1S when..wd were: children, and used to go and gather cow« slips inthe field where (it 'was; and.,!'re-1 memberheing. warned by our motherhot to gatoonear/the shaft. T ; All this camp hack to my mind as I hurried on in the fitful' moonlight, bound on my miserable leiirand to my brother's c. house."Ahj -we were happy then, Ithought;xrti why did we hot dieaa children,vuhd why , j had-the shadow- of such,a tenable crime ri faDehupwimylifeP ttwn yrs*r -..d ■' 4-1 ; On, oni I went, halftrunning. Then for a moment I glancedbaokj glanced back, and S.ve a cry of terfor. ' Therei standing by e railing round^the-shaft, was now ». misty^figure. ■$;, ft*! could not suppress the ft^ek 'wlfich roSd^ . 7*ji\ SJ&ub.; "Young/Mrs.. Selby's ghost, and: they; aay it's always •wandering about—r-oh ! oh !" • Jane's last exclamations of real terror were caused by :the misty figure standing: by the railings .round the shaft, now turning and coining svriftly towards. us. . " Oh! " cried Jane, faliiag on her. knees,/'Oh! save.us, save.!^." .7 ^ <; ■ "What.the deuce-is the:-matter?" said a. voise thesnext minute that I knew- . It; was Edwards/voiceEdward, whom:in our superstitious fear wehad mistaken for poor Hestetfsrestlesa spirit! : " What is the matter f he .said; again, mid by thia-time he. was near, enough, .to recegnise.me, ".Why, is it you, Peggy?" he asked, ,Whatever is the jmafter with that girl P And what on;;earth were you bojh shrieking about P" . - "The.ghost;! ithe/ghost!" reared Jane still on the ground, . - •,, , ; ; " Nonsense^ aaid Edward, but there was ever sq. faint a tremor,in hisjvoice.., " Get up, giti,"/he ;added.7rf"Peggy,,'were yoh going,tb the Halt?*- ;r<\---/7-■■'-1 " •" Yes,'' I,8ai^, j^yes^Edwarqi!' and I, put my trembling.- ar m . 'through", my .unhappy brother^.; 0i* Wv V7 