pendowee; A Story of Cornwall in tlio time of . Honry tlio Elefcti. By M. Filleul. .. . ' ' CHAPTER XXV. Vnf'TlTRWiT. AT.AUATa It so happened that the farmer who Bad formerly inhabited the Priory was returning homo from a distant fair, soon after midnight, at the very time that Cecily's marriage was being solemnised in Pendower .Church. The village street passed close beneath the north , wall of the church, only being separated from it by a low wall overgrown by ivy and creepers, and a little piece of the churchyard. As he rode slowly past, he was struck by the sound of a voice, as it seemed to him, within the church. As he past the chancel end, be fancied he saw a dim light within. Surprised and startled, he . reined up his horse, and wondered what it could be ; and curiosity so far prevailed, as to . induce him to dismount and endeavour to get a nearer view of what was going on within. . This he effected by leaving his horse tied to a tree, whilst he himself jumped over the wall, and standing on a tombstone, looked in at ono of the chancel windows. He thought he could distinguish a tall figure draped in white, and other dark mysterious beings standing around ; \- and when the voice ceased, he fancied it was taken up by other voices in the distance, whilst close at hand he seemed to hear a sob. Terrified in the extreme, he at once dropped over the wall, and rode home at full speed ; tell ing his wife, when he arrived, that the spirits were abroad again, and that the church itself was certainly haunted. His wife, the next morning, told all her gossips of the supernatural ' occurrence ; and in two or three days the story, with many wonderful additions, was going the round of the village. Father Cyprian, meanwhile,' looked in vain for his letters, until' the arrival of another messenger with still later news convinced him that the former ones must have been lost. The time had, however, arrived when action was not only possible, but necessary ; and ho re solved toi commence operations by sending a missive to Cecily Tremaine, dosiring her to resume ber neglected duty of confession at a stated time: To this ho answer was returned, and Cecily neither came nor made : any sign, although his messenger stated that he had seen Cecily with Dame Vivian at the time that he delivered it. Remembering the cardinal's injunctions that persuasion and mild correction should first be tried before resorting to extreme measures with nonconforming heretics, and knowing it to be the interestof the community of which he was Bupenor that he should regain his former influence over Cecily's mind by fair means if possible, he resolved to pay a domiciliary visit to Cecily at Vivian Hall. Squire Vivian, who had returned home immediately after Cecily's departure; was prepared for some such visit; and after the summons to her had been delivered, he took . care to be on the spot until he could see what the next move of the priests would be. When, ' therefore, late one afternoon, just as the light was fading away, a tall ligure in black garments approached the house, he was the person who opened the door and invited Father Cyprian to euter. But when he found that the monk would not do this, but desired to see Cecily Tremaine, he simply said that she was not within, having gone to Pendower nearly a week ago. "And yet I heard that she was seen here within that time," said Father Cyprian angrily.' " By your leave, good father," said the squire with great politeness, "your informant- must have been mistaken ; for i myself took her to Pendower when last I visited my daughter, nor have I seen her since." Father Cyprian -growled an ungracious reply, hut for tho present could only rotrpat. The following, day he resolved to find out the truth of what he had been told, and going to Pendower in good time, hecaughtSir Ralph in the stable looking'after liis hunters." Upon making known his: wish to see Miss TromainOj Sjr Kalph replied- -that she-was not with -liis' wife. "- " But," said Father Cyprian,- " your father- in-law' distinctly assured me -that he had left her hero on a visit." " I know nothing about her," said Sir Ralph'; "all I can say ia, that to my certain knowledge she is not here." - - . "When did you last see- her ?" inquired Father Cyprian; whose suspicions of foul play in- some shape were now aroused. " I have-no recollection of- tlie-time," said Sir Ralph: I have -been absent from home for several days ; -she -may have -visited my- wife during my absence, but she is not hore now." ; " You- know more than you choose to- say,-" said. Father Cyprian. - "Let mo see Lady Old- caatlo at once. It is of the utmost importance that I should now confer with Cecily Tremaine.", As he said this, Sir Ralph led the way into the house, followed closely by Father Cyprian. Leaving him for a moment in the ante-room, he went into, Evelyu's morning-room, and seeing the door -of a large hanging-closet . open; ho motioned her in, and shut it up. Then, re turning to Father Cyprian, he invited him in, saying, '' My wife vra3. here but a few- minutes back ; she must have walked out." '.'Ralph Oldcastlo," Baid ' Father Cyprian, darting an nngry glance at him, "if I should find that you have been tampering with heretics, it will be tho worae for you." " I tampering with heretics !" said Sir Ralph. " I would I might never see the face of one of them again." From tlio Manor House Father. Cyprian betook himself to the priest, Father Boniface, who lived in the villago ; and before he- had time to open any communication about the speqial'objeot of liis' visit, the old man began to relate to "nini the story of the haunted- Church. : Father '. Cyprian listened intently ; then he . requested Father Boniface to. arrange that all the faithful, iucludiug the servants of Sir Ralph's establishment, should . come to make tlioir confession on a stated day, and that he would, for reasons of his own, hear . their con- . fessions. It was not difficult for him to extract from the grooms and stable-boys enough to show that Cecily, iu some disguise, had been there on a certain night, and that she had ridden away on one of- the squire's horses, accompaniod by one gentleman only. From one of tho houscmnidens ho also discovered that a stranger lady had come and gone in tho dead of night ; and that before she went, there were noises as of people going and coming ; and that the maid had been awakened after midnight by the withdrawing of a rusty bolt, uud.sho then ln-ard the creaking of a heavy door. Father Cyprian's questions further elicited the fact that these noises and Cecily's departure took place on the night that the church was visitod by ghosts. What could they have been doing there, and where had she gone, and why, and by whom accompanied ? These were questions that still remained for his solution, and ho resolved that he would lose no time in endeavouring to solve them. He first visitod the farmer who had looked in at the church ; and from his account ho could feel no doubt that they had held some sort of religious service in the church, and that two of the figures were Cecily herself and Lady Oldcastlo. Ho doubt Cecily's flight had taken place in connection with that of the Hold- worthys, upon whom he had also had his eye, and whom he ascertained had left the neighbourhood at about the same time. But the poiut on which his curiosity was most aroused still remainod obscure ; aud that was, who had been her companion in travel ? He now threw aside the iucognito it had pleased him to observe until the reconciliation with Rome was effected, and went about openly and with great zeal to stir up the religious sympathies of the people ; in doing which he picked up much information that he considered -might be useful to him — one thing being that Edmund Vivian was still occasionally seen in the neighbourhood, while it was confi dently believed that Theodoro Arundel had left it. He theu still further questioned Sir Ralph's servants as to tho appearance of the stangers who had come and gone so silently ; and finally came to the conclusion that it could have been with no other person that Cecily had taken her departure. On the first discovery of her absence, lie had given notice to the authorities at the various ports on the south coast that sundry contumacious persons were seeking to evade the queen's gracious commands for the -reclaiming of ber subjects, and adding a full description of Cecily aud Lucy Hold- worthy, requested that every vessel might be carefully searched before putting to sea, and notice sent to himself of their discovery. Having thus provided against their escape beyond the sea, and having set other machinery on font to track their flight, he toon counsel with Father Sebastian concerning another matter which he , had on his mind ; and that was the apprehension of Sir Ralph Oldcastle. "He is an infidel," said Father Cyprian. "If he were a heretio, he would have some faith to lose ; but I believe he never had any.". "Still,". Father SebaBtian replied, "the Church considers the case of -heretics as being worse than that, of infidels, inasmuch as it. is easier to learn -the right when knowing nothing, than to unlearn the wrong ; and therefore the remedies are more stringent and searching for such offenders as both believe and spread false doctrine." „ . " Nevertheless " continued Father Cyprian; "I ana of. opinion that six months -spent in prison would bring down the haughty spirit of this man ; and if he were acquitted eventually it might be through our intercession when he is properly humbled." " Yet," said Father Sebastian, " sinner as he is, I "do not see on what charge you would seek his committal." "I am convinced," Father Cyprian replied, that he has been in some way concerned iu the departure of Cecily Tremaine. Am I not used to read the countenances of men, even as though they were open books ? Did I not see. tbat in his eye, when I charged him with knowledge of her whereabouts, that told me, as plainly . as words could have told, tbat there was something that he wished' to conceal? Even.now, did it suit his purpose, he could tell me where to lay my finger upon her ; but that ho will not, except under compulsion, I am well assured." The information that Father Cyprian was in in search of came to him, eventually, . by very . simple : means. The day following his con-; versation with Father Sebastian, he proposed'to; Father Boniface to examine the Church, in order to secure it from desecration by midnight meetings being held by heretics within its shelter. On exaininition, he, found that the door communicating with the nuns' way was bolted withiu the passage, so that no one could enter - the Manor House from the Church, while accoss : was perfectly easy from tho . house to the; Church. . . ; ' Ho observed, also, that several large cobwebs had' been recently displaced - within the recess where the door openod, and that . the dust upon : the stone' steps leading from tlierecess to.the church' had been displaced, as if persons had passed that way in some sweeping garment, -. . " Ho inquired of Father Bonifacp what had been done' with the English Bible and - Common Prayer Book which had r been in - use. in the Church , during the last year of Edward the Sixth's reign, Father :Bonifuce pointed to a largo-oaken chest where the - registers were usually kopt. " There," -ho said,, "is where I have put all useless , lumber." Father- Cyprian opened the chest, which had no keys, and there, amougst all sorts of mildewed papers,- lay tho hew Bible and the two copies of King Edward's Prayer Book.-rbotli, that which was -firs t in use, and the revised edition. Father , Cyprian; tossed them impatiently aside, and - just beneath them he. saw the parish register. Thinking it. was, kept in. a very insecure place; he took ' it ii'pi and in doing so opened it at the last ehtry. To his surprise; and indignation, what .should- bo read there but the names'' of Cecily Tremaine and' Theodore Arundel, iis haying, been -married on the 24th "of January; ' Tlio name Of ' the officiating minister wasalso there, and proved to bo none other than .Edmund Vivian, '.jvhile Squire Richard Hugh Vivian and Evelyn Oldcastlo were ...the witnesses. . ; - , " What 1" he exclaimed, grinding his teeth with rage. Do they call this a marriage ?;. It iB no marriage at 'all, That fool Edmund Vivian is no better than a playaoter, and has no'power to.. administer the sacraments, of the Church ; and all they liavo done for Cecily Tremaine between them, is to give lier up body and soul to heresy. Shall they not rue the day? And, to begin with, Ralph Oldcastle shall Buffer. It was from his house this jugglery took place, doubtless with his knowledge and contrivance, and he shall answer for it." In the first outburst of fiery zeal with which the Marian persecution commenced, the perse cutors, buoyed with a hope that the reign of the queen would be strengthened by the birth of an heir, who would be educated iu the Papal interests, ventured on higher game than later on when these hopes had ceased, and when, with the cruelty of cowardice, they only struck at those whom they were assured would be unable to strike in return. Father Cyprian, therefore, had no difficulty in ob taining an order for the committal of Sir Ralph Oldcastle on a charge of aiding and abetting the escape of two notorious heretics, and of practicing heresy aud sacrilege himself to a treasonable extent. Armed with the powers of the law, Father. Cyprian made a rapid swoop ; and in spite of his protestations of innocence and denunciations against false knaves and heretics, before another week was over Sir Ralph Oldcastle found him self lodgedin a-duugeon iu Cardiff Castle, there to await his trial. All prisons were at this time overcrowded with suspected persons, and these were chiefly from a class of people whom Sir Ralph had been in the habit of despising. The company in which he found himself was there fore little to his mind, and almost more galling than solitary confinement would have been to his proud spirit ; but of this Father Cyprian took little heed, and purposely contrived that his trial should be delayed mouth after month, considering there was at any rate one less at large in the world to defeat his schemes. It was with a feeling of awe and terror that Evelyn saw her husband carried off by the emissaries of the Church. When the officer on duty first informed Sir Ralph of his mission, he endeavoured to laugh off the accusation, saying it was impossible they could fiud any just cause for imprisonment agaiust so good a subject and so zealous a Catholic as he was ; and he assured his wife that he should ouly make a short journey to Exeter, and then return. He also took a servant with him, to send word to her how it fared with him. But when the servant returned, bringing word that the bishop's prison at Exeter was over-full, and that Sir Ralph was remanded to Cardiff, then Evelyn knew that retribution in some form must be at hand ; and sending back the servant with a few necessaries for Sir Ralph, she resolved to put tho manage ment of Pendower into the hands of her steward, to dismiss, her establishment, and to seek the protection of liqr father's roof. Before finally leaving the home of her married life, she carefully concealed about her person- the seal with the fragment of the old will that she had rescued from the flames, the Abbess Agnes's confession, aud the deed of gift by which her husband's estates had been made oyer to him by King Henry. She had the day before, sent a messenger to her father and mother to, prepare; them for her arrival, but had particularly charged -the servant to say nothing about Sir Ralph.' It was with some surprise that her father and , mother saw her arrive with only one attendant, and beheld her tearful countenance as she em braced them. "It is all over," she said. "Will you take your E velyn back again ?" Dame yivian looked aghast, and asked, " What is all over ? Surely Sir Ralph — " "He is alive,- mother," she replied ; " but they have taken him and thrown him into prison, and we know well enough what that means. He will never come out." " Nonsenoe, child, "-said her father. "Sir Ralph has conformed to the Queen's religion, and has over been a loyal subject. They surely can have no charge to bring against him ?" "There is a charge," she . replied, "of aiding and abetting hereay, connected, I suppose, with Cecily's marriage and escape.- But oh; father, it is not that. which has brought this trouble upon U8 ! It is the land ! No doubt the monks covet it. Oh, if he would but have given it up when first we discovered that it could not be . rightly ours, .this would not ; have' happened. I have ; never ..had a light heart or-; an -easy conscience since ..wo discovered - Sir-. Richard Pendower's will. That ; property has ? brought nothing bufc misery.to all itspossessors from the time , of ; his - death. ; Could . .not something, be done to give it back to Cecily?". . The squire passed his hand over, his brow as if in thought, -then he said, — ' " We. do not yet know where Cecily may be. No move can be made in this matter till we are assured - that she . is in a place sof safety. - It would endanger, both herself and Theodore, even : ;bcyond< their . present.' insecurity; - 'should - thb Papists, .know . how much might : bo-gained by lier destruction : and-, then your husband would certainly have, a claim upon the Queen for- com pensation were lio to give up Pendower; and' the present would.be a -bad time to -bring forward such; a - claim, ; when he -is in the| hands of his enemies." "Will lie evor be liberated ?" asked Evelyn. "I- thought those who, entered such prisons -never came out any more." " Sir Ralph is not a -prisoner for conscienco' sake, said the squire ; ' and it would therefore .be aliard- matter, even in these times, for his enemies to -compass his death on. the accusation you say is laid to his charge. Wait in hope my child ; perhaps your husband may be restored ' , to you a wiser .and a better inan." ; Then Evelyn brought out the precious- docu ments she had carried, away- from Pendower, and gave them . to her father, telling him the history of their discovery. " Take - them, she said ; ".the charge of them is- toor great for me. I feel' more of a widow than a wife. Do what is right -and best about, them. - We shall never prosper-as long as wo. keep them. Only let me stay .with -you during the time of my. widow hood, aud be your child again." , -The squire, received-the. papers and carefully locked, them in an iron chest, while Dame Vivian took her daughter to a room she had oaused to be prepared for her, which had been hers in her girlhood. " I am glad you are come, my child," she said, " even though ; trouble has brought you. The , house has not been the same since Cecily went. I have never seen your father so low spirited. And ' Edmund is gone, no one knows where. He thinks, as he lia3 no wife or children, he may be able to help those who have ; and either here or abroad he is going to assist the poor persecuted folk." "Do not mind it, mother," Evelyn replied; " it is better he should be doing good to some body rather than living for himself alone." "Alas!" continued Dame Vivian, "but I fear for bis life. Already £ hear they have burned John Rogers and Bishop Hoopor ; and if the learning and the godly life of these men could not save them from the stake, who may hope to end his days quietly in his own bed ? Our poor Tom died a soldier's death in the service of his country, and Hugh-is fighting fur the Queen. I do not grudge my boys when duty calls them to expose their lives, but, oh ! this hunting up and down the country, and burning aud torturing, is too hard to bear. And then Cecily, what is become of her ? She may as easily be a widow as a wife ! Aud now Sir Ralph gone too ! But they will not dare to injure him !" "Do not grieve like this, mother,", said Evelyn. "It may be for the best that we should all have these troubles ; and when the time comes for them to go, we shall see it. I will try and be a better daughter to you than ever I have been before ; and there is Dick at home helping my father. As the change came suddenly for the worse, so it may come for the better when we are not expecting it." " God grant that it may 1" said Dame Vivian ; " and as to Dick, why he is gone to the south coast to fiud out what he can about Cecily, and to bring hack the horses if they are there. Your father would not send before, for fear of bringing suspicion upon any one, but now he thinks she must hare got off somewhere or other." /' "Oh! how I shall long for her first letter," said Evelyn. CHAPTER XXVI. THE FUGITIVES. Dick returned with the squire's horses 'from St. Quentiri's the dav after Evelyn 'had come to Vivian Hall. He had found them in charge of the tavern- keeper on the quay, an honest sort of man, who said they had been left there more than a fortnight ago by a foreign lady and gentleman, who had arrived early one morning and had gone away the same afternoon, and had asked him to take charge of the horses until they were sent for by the gentleman who owned them. But they did not seem very well acquainted with the English language, and could only say that when the horse3 were sent for he might know the right person had como if he wore a bunch of holly stuck in his hat.- (The sign agreed upon between the squire aud Theodore.) The lady and gentleman had said that they had met with Borne friends who were going to take them further west, aud he had seen them riding out of the town before sunset the same afternoon. This was the whole amount of the scanty in formation that Dick brought with him. Month after month passed, and still no tidings came of the fugitives ; only Edmund, who was con tinually wandering amongst the families who remained faithful to the Reformed religion, occasionally came home for a night, and brought the comforting news that they had not been taken, as he was so much in the way of hearing of every fresh trial and imprisonment, that certainly the news could not have escaped him. Moreover, he was aware that Father Cyprian had not relaxed his vigilance, which also assured him that they had either found some safe place of concealment or had escaped over the sea. Meanwhile the persecution raged fiercely at home. By the month of May fifty persons had been put to death, while the prisons were still crowded with fresh victims awaiting their trial. Men and women were equally the . objects of inquisitorial torture ; and the queen, with the legate and the bishops, still urged ou the fanatical outrages. , At this time the little congregation who under Theodore's teaching had learned to appreciate the pure light which the Reformation brought with it, dwelt apart in silence and prayer '; but the -universal feeling against the- cruelties .that were'being perpetrated' in other- parts 'of the country ' was so unanimous and so intense, that Father'Sebastian durst not proceed to any overt acts "of violenoe, and urged- Father ; Cyprian - to rest content with making ' an example of that traitor and deceiver, Sir Ralph Oldcastle." Sir Ralph therefore languished in prison; ho communication beitig ' allowed him- with the outside world,- aud no amenities to' soften the rigour of his lot. J: The- October following was - marked ' by the martyrdom of Ridley and Latimer ; and .only -one month- litter Gardiner; Bishop of Winchester, -died a natural death. But though he, who had caused the death of so many, was thus hindered from carrying-' on this . evil work; there wore plenty of others to -take it up, and- the persecu tion stUl'cbntinuedl';'.:":':'' ' ' In tho midst of so much that was distressing and harrowing, "the-hearts'of the squire and his family- were at last gladdened byj receiving » letter from Cecily.- It was' written as long ago as the - preceding April, aud it had passed through mimy hands; at last reaching Edmund by moans of some foreign friends with whom, he was in occasional communication. To their unspeakable relief; it was' dated from Geneva,, and' the happy 1 tone . that pervaded it- passed through the whole household like a gleam of sunshine. ( To be Continued. ) A Pleasing Re-jieetin g . —Scene— Dinner party at a rich bourgeois' house. Prosperous advocate, 'recounting' his career : " When I took my first brief, I was excited' and nervous, especially as my client was a consummate scoundrel— a' bad' egg "any way you took him. But then I- was beginning my practice; Ho was a man of good family, the reputation of which would have been tarnished had lie been con victed ; so I took the' case; arid got the rascal off." After dinner enter an- important personage, great friend of 'tlio host, who, presents the la wyer to' him: ' Great personage patronisiugly : " I do not need to be introduced to this gentle man ; I'mct him long ago. In fact, I may say 1 gave him his first start in life. I was his first lient," 