FRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1880. . TII result of the Ministerial elections ought to convey a lesson to both vic tors and vanquished.. The narrow ma jority by which the Chief Secretary was returned should teach him the value of a policy of moderation, and 'above all t of straightforwardness and candour. t on tihe other hand, Sir J. O'Shanassy a and his friends have learnt the exact valr e of what is designated as the Ubloo& rote'" put forth undisguisedly in all if'e strength, and must see the use lessness of attempting to coerce the Assembly' and the country. The threats uttered by the member for Belfast as the mouthpiece of the Roman Catholic hierarchy, that Ministry after Ministry is to be upset, and the business of the country obstructed, until the claims of the priesthood are satisfied, cannot be again put into execution. The Service Government was killed by that vote, and Sir John and his allies, flushed with a consciousness of supposed power, thought to carry out their plan of coerc- ing the colony without further strategy. But Archdeacon Slattery's "free and flashing sword" has not led to victory, and the sole proprietor of the military metaphor must. feel chagrin, not un mixed with humiliation, at the upshot of his, sanguine prophecy. Mr Berry has not by any means to thank the strength of his cause for his re-election by a majority of' fifty. The hon. gentleman may attribute it to the fact of the ecclesiastical mask having been thrown off. He gained a large acces sion of strength from the Conservative side of politics, from men who were at once resentful of clerical interference and dictation, and fearful of the moral result of a premier's defeat on a com mand from the altar. There are scores of men whom nothing else would swerve, who would unhesitatingly stultify the professions of a lifetime rather than allow the " free and flashing sword" to successfully establish itself in our poli tical armoury. Hence we know that the Premier's victory against such un equal odds is directly due rather to the spontaneous concentration of anti-sec tanians in opposition to the well-drilled ecclesiastical phalanx whose leaders had become so arrogant and bellicose in their demands. Sir John O'Shanassy, the secular general of the party, undertakes to be content with the promise of a Royal Commission to inquire into Catholic grievances in respect of the working of the educational law, but his tone has aroused such antagonism that the jus tice of an otherwise reasonable demand stands in danger of being ignored. The -Roman Catholic section of the commu nity will obtain concession only by the adoption of a moderate and reasonable course. In alluding to Mr Berry's dis ingenuousness, we mean that had he taken counsel with Mr Service for the formation of a. composite cabinet, he would have had the full approval of the country, and left with the Conservative side the responsibility of rejecting his overtures. Instead of taking this can- did course, he haggled and paltered with Sir John O'Shanassy under the pretence that he regarded that ultra- Conservative as "a member of his party," and contrived to place himself in a most equivocal position before the country. Indeed, had it not been for the openly hostile attitude of the clergy, in retaliation for his vaccillation and ultimate deceit, the defections of his own party would have ensured his being expelled from political life. The spec tacle of Mr Berry and his greedy caucus, dutifully awaiting the issue of a tele- graphic consultation between Sir John and his spiritual superiors, as to an abatement of terms for their vote and influence, was one which the colony will not readily forget; and but for a vital and patriotic principle being at stake, Mr Berry would this time have been relegated to private life. In Fitzroy, Mr Vale's success is little enough to boast of, and we suspect that the same powerful- reason contributed to the return of his colleagues at Cres wick and Mandurang-the arousing of sectarian animosities. The struggle shows clearly the maximum strength of the priest- directed vote. Its naked- ness, so to speak, has been exposed, and it is evident that the Catholics are not so strong as to be able to dictate their terms to either side. The Conserva tives have little to repine at. They know that such a Ministry of shreds and patches as that which Mr Berry now leads caninot survive a session, and it is better that-it should be suffered to die by its own apparent weakness, than that by a victory snatched on Woednes day, Sir John O'Shanassy should as sume to be arbiter of the situation. For ourselves, we look upon a strong coali-' tion Government as among the early probabilities, and if Mr Murray Smith or Mr Service has to formulate the conditions of peace and unity so much the better.. The p... Murray sailed from the Lakes Entrance yesterday morning at 6.30. A scratch match at football will be played on the Sale Cricket ground. on Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock. : The Engineer-in-Chief has despatched a survey party, under Mr A. L. Martin, to commence the survey of the proposed railway from Trararalgon to Bairnsdale. In' another column will be found the first stud announceient of the season, Big Gun, the' much admired draught entire, having been withdrawn by Mr Glassford from sale, and placed again at the service of thd farmers of Gippsland. The Gun will be located as before at Mewburn Park. ' The Pharmacy Board of Victoria has appointed Mr George Wilson, chemist, of Raymond-street, to conduct the examina tions of candidates for competency, vice Mr Swift, who has returned to Melbourne Mr Wilson will act for the whole of Gippsland. The principle of self-preservation was forcibly illustrated yesterday. Frightened at the peril arising in these days of incen diarism from the proximity of hay to his house, add being specially alarmed by the fire at Mr Law's, a certain resident caused three cart loads of loose hay to be moved from his own yard to a little enclosure close to a house occupied by an elderly widow lady and her daughter, who ap pealed vainly against the transmitted dan ger. The first law of nature is inexorable, but its operation is usually susceptible of some generous modification. The trustees of the Sale General Ceme tery met on Wednesday, Mr J. Peck in the chair, and accepted the tender of Trew and Taylor for erecting a sawn timber fence and gates. The secretary was directed to enforce the extirpation of thistles by the lessee of the reserve, in ac cordance with the terms of his agreement. The Royal Victorian Poultry Show opened yesterday in Melbourne. A pigeon homing race from Sale takes place to- dsy, and as the distance is the longest yet flAwn in Victoria much speculation is in dulged in as to the time in which it will be completed, Mr Cutten, stationmaster at Sale, has been asked, and has consented, to act as liberator, and the time fixed for the start is 9 'o'clock this morning. The The pigeons, five in number, arrived by train last night. We understand that the eminent scien tific lecturer Professor Pepper hias accepted certain terms for the delivery of six dis courses, at the Victoria Hall, and that as soon as he is freed from his present pro ý"incial engagements his duties will be an nouuced. '1 here was at first some diffi culty about producing the celebrated spectral sa.ue, on account of the risk of carrying the plate glass about the country, but we believe is'at this has. been sur mounted, and that evenO if the mirror has to be borrowed from the windows of the Hall shbops, the public will not he dis. appointed of seeing .Pepper's famous ghosts. On Wednesday eening at the usual meeting of the Gippeland Lodge of Free masons, Bro. I. O. Moore was installed 'y.M. for the ensuing year, the ceremony heirgg performed by Past Master Bro. District Grand Chaplain Watsln. T''he following brethren were appointed officers for the year: -R. Topping, S.W.; J. Irwin, J.V. It. E. Ilancock, See:; W. Ritcehie, S.D ; S. \YWonlnuih, J.D.; A. Gellion, J.G.; and A. Ruff, Tyler. After the business of-the Lodge had been transacted, the VWorshipful Master and brethren partook of an excellent hanquet at Bro. Wishart's Iloyal Exchange hotel. The usual Ilyal and masonic toasts were proposed and responded to, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. Cr. lHenry Breed is President of the Shire of 'l'raralgn. On Tuesday, the re tiring Presilent, Cr. Kelleher, who bad occupied the chair duriug the first year of the Council's existence, was n,ominated for re-election-a c,,mpsliment usual in such circumstances, and which Cr. ]Kelleher seemsto have deserved. Cr. Breed was proposed iin ippodilini. The votes for each being equal--s, it i rpported-thei election was dleternmiled by lot, which fell upon (Cr. Breed. 'No expression of diso satisfaction at this result has emanated from 'l'Trarnlgoun ; sad as Cr. Breed was nominated bly the two Councillors--Ihat tingley and flodycomh--wh,,i Traralgon placed at the head of lthe poll, it must be presumed that the result js regarded ap ,provingly. 'There is no ?ecounting fr taste. T'be P'resideut may. now take his seat on the bench from whichl the honorary J.P. wis escluded in deference to a sense Sof public decency. '[be lrg?us strongly cenuaures the ap e poiutiuedit of Mr F'.L. S(syth as .5 intl a rim County Court judge, Comparatively little water is drawn from the riv,.r, now that we have an ar tesian supply, although a few prejudices still exist against it on account of the powerful aulphuretic smell which is notice able at the standpipe. The water carriers are extremely anxious that, pending the tecision of the Council as to the erection of an elevated, tank, a stage should be erected and two or three square tanks pro vided with taps and hose placed thereon at a level with the casks. By this means it is urged a quantity would he stored over night, and two carts could he supplied at once. It is also worth consideration whe ther the overflow ought not to he diverted tlown Macalister and York-streets, instead of 'running to waste in the western swamp. Medical authorities state that the artesian waterpossesses eminently hygienicqualities, and several citizens may be seen with their glasses in hand every morning taking soone early draughts of a liquid they confidently believe to be as good as Apollinaris or Friedrichshal water. A Herald telegram of yesterday from Wangaratta says :-l'here is great excite. mnent here this morning on account of a iudden and mysterious movement on the part of the police. Evidently acting on some important information, Sergeant Steele and a large body of police, with black trackers, fully armed, mounted in haste and galloped off in the direction of the Warby Ranges. All sort of rumours are abroad, but nothing definite is known One statement is to the effect that a fresh gang of busbrangers is out, and another is that the movement has something to do with the finding of Ned Kelly's " plant." All this, however, is mere conjecture. The police resolutely refuse to give the slight eat information. A correspondent of the Bairnsdale Ad nertiser of Wednesday writes:.-J.hn M'Donald, familiarly known as big John M'Donald, died at his residence, Borodale, Coongulmerang, last Tuesday week, the 10th inst., in his 73rd year. He was born in Airarig, Inverness-shire, in 1807. The deceased arrived in Sydney in 1837, where he got acquainted with M'Alister, M'Mil ian, and others, afterwards the founders of Gippsland. In the early part of 1840, the deceased started with M'stillan and others, for then unknown Gippsland, but after a few weeks' travelling they were robbed of all they had by the blacks, and had to re turn. A second attempt succeeded, and after six months' hardship they camped on Boisdale Plains in February, 1841. Ever since that day the deceased has been well known in Gippslatnd, and all the old in habitants will be sorry to hear of his death. Ils cheerful eaunttenance will be greatly missed by his neighbours. De ceased took the world very easily, and left plenty of land and cattle, which he divided among those most in need of it. lie was buried in Glenaladale cemetery last Thursday, his funeral being attended by a large number of people. He was a resident of Gippsland for 40 years-and now he will never leave it. The elections on Wednesday resulted in the return of the four Ministers for their respective seats-Mr Berry for Geelong, Mr Vale for Fitzroy, Mr Richardson for Creswick, and Mr Williams for Mandu rang. Mr Berry had a narrow majority over Mr Andrews, running in with only fifty votes to spare, his majority being ob tained outside of Geelong proper, where he was ennsiderably behind his opponent. 'l'he totals were: Berry, 1,577; Andrews, 1,527. The polling at Fitzroy was heavy, Mr VYale only securing the small majority. of 67 ;the numbers being, Vale, 1,798; Blackett, 1,731. For Creswick, Mr Richardson has obtained the substantial majority of 65"2, the totals being, 2,611 for Mr Richardson, and 1,959 for Mr O'Neill. Mr Williams's majority was also a large one, the totals, se far, being 2,921 for Mr Williams and 2,670 for Mr Moore. In Melbourne (says the Telegraph) there was really no excitement. At Geelong, how ever, business was practically suspended, and intense interest was manifested in the result. One of the elements in nominat ing a Ministry (remarks the Argus) is the strength of the member in the electorate he represents. 'The result shows that in constituencies thus picked the Opposition are almost equal in numbers to their op ponents. Soudry, of Opera House notoriety, has given a donation of £12 12s to the Mel bourne Hospital, in recognition of his treatment and cure from pistol wounds. He had the audacity to apply to see the com panion of his guilt, Mrs Greer, but the committee very properly forbade any such interview. The engine driver M'Donald, who was in charge of the locomotive which ran into the train at Lara, has been fined by the Geelong Bench £25, or three months' im prisonment. The fine was paid, 