A BITTER GAIN. REMARKABLE affinity existed between the occupants Of two separate windows in one of a dingy row of brick houses one exception-<*> ally hot summer not many years ago; it was tho moro remarkablo that these two peoplo wero very tinlike oach other, being, of oppodte sexes, tho ono a grizzled, gruff, grumpy bachelor on the wrong sido of fifty, the other a round, rosy, rollicking maiden of "sweet'and twenty." The man was evidently a foreigner, tho woman nn unmistakable American, and theso two heads, framed by tho embrasures of the separnto windows, formed a strong con trast. It waa about four o'clock in the afternoon; and both of .them wero looking for the postman—-Bhe from her attio win dow, he from hi? second floor front. They had beon looking for tlio postman every day for t£ fortnight, and hoped deferred baa palod tho cheek and subdued the merriment - j of tho maiden, while it deepened tbe already rubicund colour and sharpened tho already testy tomporament of tho man. Presently appeared in sight tho brisk, dapper littlo postman in the grey uniform, with his bog strapped ovor hia shoulder, stopping along from House to house, dealing joy and sorrow, surprise, fear, ecstasy, all the emotions incident to poor hapless humanity, as ho went. Bnt he dealt nothing to tho two anxious watchers in the dingy brick row. Their heads simultaneously turned to watoh him as ho disappeared around a neighbour ing corner. The man giunted out a bitter ejaculation, andslammod down tho window; the girl sighed, and with difficulty repressed a sob as sho closed tho blind. Tuo next day at four o clock tho same pantomime was enaoted. Tho same anxiety, hope, fear, disappointment, were painted on tho two faces. The girl brushed tho tears from her eyes, and put wearily back hor hair. As tho man, with his usual expletive of disgust and disap. point ment, tuggod at the blind, a puff of wind blew the light ribbon from tho hair of tho girl straight down into his eyes, ond from thence to tho floor of his lODto. He paw it at once. ?It lay upon the faded: carpet almost, under: his. feet. . His first impulse was to tramp upon it as he marched to and fro, growling at tho hard luck that shut him np in this hot holo during tho: dog-days. His next impulso was to kick tho bauble aside; but it was not of a kick able nature, and clung close to bis feet- He stooped at last and took it from the floor, and found it sospiotously damp. 77 -"She's beon sniffling again,"; ho said. "As usual, sho gets no letter, and cries; I get no letter, and I swear. I wonder which is the most consoling. And why in thunder don't; eho got her letter? She can't havo any rascally lawyers to deal with, that lie and cajole, and: cheat and Eteal. She can't be waiting for a witness to oome from tho other side of tho world to testify in a caso that ought to have been settled before he wOnt to sea. I believe it was.aconspiracy on the part of these infernal lawyers .to dawdle along with the case, and not discover the exist ence of'this Martin Malloy till he had shipped againi and was well out Of their call. And now it appears that the fate of the suit depends upon tho testimony of this fellow before the mast. At least five thousand pounds of my money at. this present moment is at stake in the life of a miserable Bailor far out ut sea." Hero his soliloquy was interrupted by a light tap at thO doofr, "Come," no growled, without turniug his bead. 'He thought it was his landlady, Mrs.. Matson, for whom he had no particular' affection, or hor rough-featured domestic, that he felt certain was shortening his life by her nriserablo cookery. Bat a gentle voice said, "Didyou want onything, sir?" And, turning, ho boheld his landlady's daughter. And how in the world she could bear .that rotation to the fat; swarthy, oOarso, and commercial female who kept the house, this : lodger could not imagine. Hor eyes wore so soft and brown, so plead ing*and innocent, frank and confiding as ?a littlo child's, whereas her mother's wore harrow.and sharp, distrustful and cunning.: '.' The, jrourig girl flushed under this scrutinising gaze, and said, a?ain, "You didn't want anything, then, Mr. M'Graw; Mother said you pounded on the floor." ;'4"JPonndedl" said Mr." M'Graw; "of oourse !? pounded. If,l dpn't get a, letter soon,.l'll make smithereens of some of this horse?hair furniture about mo. If your mother has any regard for her squint-eyed ancestor over there, Bho'd bettor take him down and out of the way. He's been following mc .about with that damaged leer of bin'for tho last fortnight. It's a mercy I haven't stabbed him through the canvas. And, say,"-ho added, for the girl fast vanishing out of bis sight, and she? was a. wondrous pleasant article to look' upon in this gloomy old barrack—? ''soy,":.naia, Mr.TM'Graw. : 9<j was still twirling tho bit'of, "bluo ribbon in his fingers, and now held it young girl. ? "It fell in the window to-cfay as we wore both looking, for that' confounded postman. I hope We'll have hotter luck to-morrow, Maggib." " I thought suro wo would to-day, sir," said Maggie, blushing and sighing. "I had a good sign this morning." ??, "'What was-that, Maggief" said Mr. M'Graw, still holdihg his end of the blue ribbon. 7 ? "Why,-see, sir," she said, and pointed to the skirt of her dress. "I put it on wrong side out this morning,, and never changed it,' for Martm*used to say it was ft: bum sigh of good luck." "And who is Martin 7*' said Mr. M'Graw. -"It so happens that X ait '? interested : ' in that name." ? ; " Tho one I'm looking for a lettor from, sir. The vessel was. due a month ago;" and her 6' her voice broko, and tho .brown oyes filled with tears. 7 ?? A. sailor with the' name of Martin?" ?' said Mr.. : M'Graw, with increased .interest. "What's his last namo, Maggie'?'.' '-?",.'_ "Malloy, sir—Martin Malloy." 7 . " God bless my soul I, said Mr. M'Graw; " this is a remarkable coincidence i Why?. Maggie, this is the very man I'm waiting to hear from, A heavy sum;of my money depends-upon this friend of yours. I sup pose he is moro than a friona, Maggio?" . "???' We're promised to bo married, sir,.after. this voyage . He had a chance of rising to sooond mato; and oh, I'm so sorry wo waitedl" : ? "So am ? I," oold Mr, M'Crraw. .',?<lf he'd stopped long enough to be married, wo might have got' hold of him for a witness, and that would have been the making of _n?_y a thousand pounds for mc; but never mind, Maggie j let's depend upon the augury of the petticoat. You see our fates aro linked together, and. as only one of us, wears a pettiooat, the one garment must'serve for us both; and I'll tell you what, Maggie"—for she was.fast vanishing again, and he hated to see her go— " I'll tell you .what; when Martin comes back, and wins for mc this money, a good round? earn of it shall, go for a wedding outfit for you." I' "If he only comes back I"; said Maggie, ' and went out tho door, leaving tho ribbon i still in the band of Mr. : M'Graw—a | meditative, softened, altogether changed I eciproasioa upon 1-6 ft? __ "A most remarkable coincidence i" he repeated .to himself. "This accounts for tho interest I've token in that girl from the start. A' queer freak of destiny has thrown ne together, and here we are both hanging upon the fate of this sailor. I don't suppose hoB worthy of her. No doubt he's a rough,, common,, abusive brute; bnt he's young"—here Mr. M'Graw gave vent to a grunt that was meant-for a fiigh—i"and, I suppwe, after his low fashion, good-looking." Here Mr. M'Graw kicked over the ottoman that obstructed his way, put tho blue ribbon- in hia. vest pocket, drew a chair to ? the window, filled his pipe, and looking out npon ? triangu lar bit of the western sky, fell into a pro found reverie. Tbe next morning Maggie was at her old post at tho attio window. Mr. M'Graw. was also rattling at' hia blinds; but ho looked fully as often up at Maggie as he did down the Btreet for and was quite jocular and smiling for a man of bis sorvous temperament.' " Any more ?igns, Maggie 1" ho said, almost dislooatirig his cook to get a good look at her pretty face. Maggie shook her bead, and smiled mournfully, " I dreamed of white horses, sir, and mother says it's a bad sign." " Your mother is always' a f—" Hero tho postman stoppod at tho door, and nobody will ever know whether Mr. M'Graw meant to call his landlady a flno woman or a fool, tor all further .conver sation was stopped by tho coming of the long looked-for letters. There was one for Maggie, and one for Mr. M'Graw. Haggio had Tun down to tho door, token both letters, and fled upstairs again. Her hand was trembling and cold as sho put tho letter in Mr. M'Graw's hand. "I m afraid to open mine," she said; "it's in a strongo handwriting." Mr. M'Graw watched her disappear, then toro open his own onvclopo without a tremour. At tho first sentence, howovcr, Mr. M'Giaw started, and put his spectacloo firmer upon his nose, and by the timo ho had read the missive half tltrough, his face had bcoomc tho index of many conflicting emotions. All at once thero was a heavy thump upon tho floor of tho room abovo. "My God I 'said Mr. M'Graw," ste's; gbt the news already.''. And,rushing but Of tho room and up tho stairs as fast as his rather gouty, legs ? could 'carry hihi| Vho Saw the poor girl stretched:lifeless-upon the floor, tbo fatal letter crumpled in hor hand. Then ho pounded in right good, earnest, and, being-a man of action, had proper restoratives, used,' a doctor brought, and, after a time; poor Maggio, wearily opeuedhereye3. Tho moment thd saw Mr. M'Graw shosoreamed and fainted again. : "I'm. a bitter reminder or her loss," said, Mr.,. M'Graw. Tho dootor and; Maifgio's mother looked ftt him-'inquir-: ingjy, wondering how Mr. M'Graw.could; remind Maggie of the drowning of her: lover. But Mr. M'Graw did- not explain.' ho merely stepped aside when Moggie opened her, eyes again. .After her first long, sobbing breath, her first words were: for Mr. M'Graw. : "Where is he?" she said. ?'liot him como to mc. He has lost his money, and Ihoive lost—-" Here tie words ?froze ;on her ; lips, and sho held-out her hands to Mr. M'Graw, who had readied tho couch, upon whioh they bad; lifted her. , Sho put her arms about his, neck, and sobbed there liko a littlo child. Mr.- M'Graw had lived a lonely bachelor's life; hia kith and kin wero far away. This was a now experience for him—now and strangely sweet. For years and years tho fragrant breath of a woman had not touched his lips. 'His eyes wero wet and; blurred; a quo*, choking sensation arose in his throat; bis voico was-husky as be blurted out some consoling words.,. "Ho can nover come back to speak for you," said poor Maggie. ".You have lost all jour money, I'm very sorry for you, Mr. M'Graw," Shor meant she was sorry for herself, but tho poor child craved companionship in her grief.. ? ? '7. Heaven knows she got it from Mr. M'Graw. From this timo Out ho became dovoted to the duty of assuaging tho grief of thwborcaved girl, Ho filled his pockets with bonbons, and ribbons, and the. various gewgaws ho thought would soften the affliction Of a girl of twenty, and fail ing with those,: (ought to diatraot her by junketings to parks and promenades end shows/ and finding these were Distasteful to her, at last yhlded to her deairo to go down to the .wharves where the big ships lay: Hera they spent hour after hour, Mr. M'Graw content to bold one of her hands in hie while the other, lay idly in her lap, and hor eyes went wistfully wandering out over tbo water, till tbe shadows grew longer and longer, and tha day was .done. Then her would say, gently, " Oomo, Maggie/ and she would obey in a sweet, dutiful fashion, lifting ber face to his, full of some sort of offootion —he didn't stop to oonoider what it was j bnt Maggie knew that she owed this luxury of melancholy entirely to Mr. M'Graw. ? He had coaxed her mother into giving over Maggie's ordinary drudgery into other hands, so that sho oould hove the oomfort of. nurs ing ? her grief.. under the ansploes of Mr. M'Graw. His landlady had, indeed, uosded very little persuasion, and mot hie entreaties '? half way. Mr. M'Graw found nothing distasteful iv this maternal eolioitude having for years .parried the. thrusts and bstsrings of. anxious; mothers in, behalf -of thoir portionless daughters, the mors boob , it furthered bis own bappiuei?, and rendered him more.and more comfortable;as time wentby. ? KoW that tho hot summer was gone, and .the, stormy winds of winter began to blow, the old bnok lodgings wero not so gloomy., Tho obliquoly visionpd ancestor,had been taken from the wall; tho horsehair furni ture covered with a gay chintz; tho rusty grate was rubbed,into a rubicund bright ness, and therein tho coals blazed gener ously. There was no stint in tha maternal "blessings-showered upon this .lodger, and ?Mr.'M'Graw, forthe first timo, appreciated hia dealings .with a commercial woman, who was willing to spend money when thero was considerable to be made,by it. This excellent woman even endeavoured'to put an air Of smartnoss into Maggie's ward-' robe,; and garnished hor cloak with a crimson trimming. .Maggie wore, the cloak, but ? ber faoo, : was. sadly but of koopingwith the brave garment; SHohad grown so much more sub'dubd, and so much older in her manner and appearance," 'that Mr. M'Graw 'folt moreand more at easo in her'society, and ,of the two ho began to appear tho brightest, and woro an air of briskness and'vigour. that went far to make up for his-'mature, years. His Inwyore.declared that never, in, the whole oonrso of thoir experience, had they seen a man poseossed with - such admirable , philosophy. ?7. 7 .-?'?'. "At least five.thousand pounds swept away with ibis unlucky sailor, and M'Graw cover. murmurs about it," said one pf tbe legal gentlemen, .'': 7' " "Advewity seems 7to soften . him," replied the other.. ." Ho,.hasn't. cursed anybody or any thing for six months." : " Still he Boom-cmshod or oldenod | by tbabtow." '-'.'..T-y, .':''?? " On tho contrary, ho gets younger ovory day." - Whioh really was a fast. Happiness was an extraordinary renovator to Mr. M'Graw, and- tbe neighbours declared kindly that he and Maggie looked very well together, " Oh, a man ia' always young if he's got means," ttjey added. \- As tho months went by, it began to be generally conceded by all oonoetned that Mr. M'Graw was "paying attention" to 'M.ggte, and she was treated with that rare consideration that her good luok demanded. The only.'creature that seemed utterly ignorant of the situation was pool Maggie herself, vfho had neve, for a moment lor gotten her dead sailor, or ceased reviving hia memory to Mr. M'Graw, who seemed the only one that oould inlly sympathise with her and console - her. Prodded ou by tho enoouragiug bints and allasiona ot tbe girl's mother, Mr. M'Graw had endeavoured to infuse into his manner, something of tho bearing ol a lover,- but Msg.io invariably reoelvod these advances with tho gentle gratitudo that had become a part'Of hor nature, and Mr. M'Giaw inatinotively shrank from anything that might?hook her dtlieaoy, or enstrange her from him. Ha resolvea to bide his timo, winning gradually all oi hor heart that wa? left from tho possession of the dead sailor, aooustotaing hor to tho pr&atioe; of associating their lives together, teaching her to lean upon him, and seek from bim what happiness she oould call her own. Then when some happy moment arrived in which ho oould win her to shore her life with him, he would trust to bis own exertions to win hor love. Life was a weary burden in the old booiding- houeo, compared to tho luxury he oould Offer her. Then he could see that he was making liiuisolf neces sary to her. One morning, as they stood upon the long pier and,looked out to sen, he said to the girl*clinging to' hie asm, " Shall yog bo cony, my dear, to sou wo ono of those dnjs sailing away from you in a ship liko that quo over jouder, uevtr perhaps to look opon jour snoot faoo again ?" Sho said no word, but clung olosor to his arm, and two big tears rolled out of hor eyes. Ho took couiago then to put his 'arm about her—not bic that it hud often 'been tboro before, but that was in a fatherly sort of way. *' Would you bo afraid, Maggie, to orots thesea wit v mo?" ho said. " Afraid t" sho replied; "I could never bo afraid of the uea." There was un unpleasant inflection in tbeso words that wus closely connected with the dead sailor, aud Mr. M'Graw essayed still another inquiry. " Don't you lbve mo a little, Maggio ?'' ho said, " I love;you better than anybody now," sho said. He longed to ask her if her lovo wus anything of tho nature of the oidint passion, sho had onto held for tho sailor Mulloy, but of couko ho letaincd, aud indeed was woll content with his present happiness. Mr. M'Graw iultceitainof tho .future. This seemed no obajaolo to his happiness, and that vory day ho resolved to get his affairs in Bhapo so that he could loave the country at v moment's notieo. He stooped and kissed Maggie good-bye, and started off blithely to see his lawyors. " Don't bo long," blio called from the window. " I shall wait heio till you oomo baok." "God blees the childl" said poor Mr. MeGraw. " Thero certainly now is nothing to hitidor our happiness." The iawyers.woro out, and the offioo was in care of tho boy. On a low chair by the door a man sat, with hia bead resting upon bis hands, and hi? handa resting upon his knees. His whole appearance was that of slipshod nature;that it seemed; as it', he might-fall to pieces at any moment. His frame, of Herculean dimensions, was tho more pitiable thut tho flesh had shrunken from his bones, abd the features of his face were harsh and forbidding in their prominonoo. His dothes. were faded and patobod, his hat was pulled over his eyes, and altogether ho was a most f orloin und pitiable object in this office of a prosperous solicitor.-- ?' - Iv the heyday of happiness, how could Mr. M'Graw pass this, wretohod fellow oreaturo by without a word ? " Good morning, my poor fellow," ho said. "You soem to bo in a sorry plight. Can I do anything for you ?" "You can tell mc," said tho man, in a hoarse and hollow voioe, " if -it's true that: these peoplo here, will be glad to sco mc. I'm told there's a reward offered for any news of ma, and I'd liko a littlo money to prink up before I g;e to see my sweetheart. She'll bo.thinking it's my ghost if I go to 1 her liko this." ?' Some wretched criminal," thought Mr. M'Graw, " who'has risked everything to coo tho woman ho loves. See here, my good follow," he said, lowering his voico, "if this money will bo of any uao to you, take it, and go;, but I'd keop clear oE tho law if Iweroyou." " Why, thank you, air," said the man, putting back the bills, " but I'm no beggar. I'll wait and hear what these sharks have to say." At that moment tho senior lawyer entered, nnd turned upon tho fellow a distrustful glance. "What do you want hors?" he said, sharply. " I want the mousy that was offered for rrnw? of a shipwrecked sailor called Martin Malloy." '".."'?' " I offored ten pounds," said the lawyer,' turning to Mr. M'Graw. "The devil you didl" said Mr. M'Grawi who had fallen into a chair, and was gassing at tho man with strained eyes. "This Malloy is dead," he added, still keeping his eyo* upon the man. '??" H? atu't; quite dead," said the man, "but as near.lt as he likes to be." Thon he went on to tell the atory of tbo wreck, the exposure In tho open boat, the ngony nnd starvation, the death and insanity of most ut tho crow. It was an old atory, repeated vary often, but tho lawyer and Mr. M'Graw seemed to hang Upon every word that fell from the lips of tbe miserable mariner. Mr. M'Graw'* face grow old and wrinkled as he llet.ned. The lawyer at length uttered nn cjaonlatlon of joy. "I congratulate you, Mr. M'Graw," he said, turning to his eliont j "your money lac? sofa a,* it you held it in your hands." But Mr. M'Graw had fallen baok' agaiO?t the wall. They loosened his neck-tie, and threw water in his faoo. > " By Jove P'-aold tho lawyer, "jour joyful news has been too muoh for him. A big Eart of bis money was at stake, you see, and o'o bidden bis feelings so 'long under a mask bf resignation that now he is overcome. Get a cab at onoo," he added, to tbe boy, : But Mr, MoGraw revived, aud by ihe time tbe oab teaobod the office, he was ablo to go home aloiio. He, however, asked' Martin to go with bim; and as tho cab rolled along, his eyes were still fixed upon.bis dilapidated .companion, ?* Nobody would know yon, I suppose?" bb said to tbe sailor. - V Not a soul, sir," said Martin. '?-. " Not oven tho—a—-tbo person yon ."spoko of as your sweetheart 7" ? ' "Sho least of nny." gatd Martin. "I think she'd runaway from mo on sight." I "You think so?" " I'm euro of it. I bet yon a dollar slie 'w0u1d."...; 7 7;7;,;7':",.':'-; "-7V'7^ " Yot It wouldn't pain you _'?' "Why no—why should it. Women-folka are mado that way. .But I'll soon prink up if I got a obance."" He began to prink np already, put bis hat back, And brushed his xumplod hair from'his forehead, looked from ton window pt tho cab with thq air ot a man. ,to whom, lifo was unspeakably raro and sweet. "Ho was oniaoiatetiv shrunken, Ballow, fierce eyed, and forlorn; he was poor and patched) but Mr. M'Graw wonld willingly nave taken bis place in the races for happiness) he knew that all was lost. Here was Martin Malloy, that waa,the end ot everything. The thought came a littlo too late that. Beeing hor long-lost lover might kill tbo' girl or drive her -.mad,-' Be began to explain to Martin/ as gradually as he could, that tho. house to whioh they woro journeying was the one that contained hi* sweot.heart Mr. M'Graw chose tho moat careful phraseology he could muster, but the tailor seemed all at once to get on firo. He flung his hat upon tbe snat beside him; he stretohod from tho window his long, shrunken neck. ' " You'd better get out and come in after I've broken it to her. It may kill her; it may drivo her .mad.,' Tho shock wa3 ft terrible ono to mc," said Mr. M Graw. "That bo hangedl 1 ' suid Martin. "You'ro' an old man, you know, and thought of your money—but my Maggie I, here li. stopped, and tno flame ot aclight aud desiro burned in hi? cheeks and eyes.' He grew suddenly young and utroug under tlio gazo of poor Mr. M'Graw. Mugyio s. t thiiio by the window, as she had piowised. Ob, tho bitttruces of that uiomuut to ono, tuo Happiness to thd other I One moment Mr. M'Uj._w b'iw lur as ho ,had left hu<—pale, calm, subdued, patient; the next, a oriiusoa glow had leaped to her lace, ibou left 'it than boforo buduenly it disappeared, and Mr. MeGraw thougnt it Lad fallen away toincwhcr. iu'a faint; but presently it shone on the broost of tho tailor, so radiant und beautiful that it dazzled pcor Mr. M'Giaw. "Why, you did k-'owmo," said Martin, tears bursting out of hia burning eyes. "By thuudur, iv spito of ovory thing, she did know mo I 1 owo you a dollar, Mr. M'Graw 1" "And, 'Master Shallow, 1 owe you a tbousaudpound,'" quoted Mr, M'Graw, with a bittor grin. Whut moro oau bo said? Tlio wedding tool; placo a littlo later on, after tho lawsuit had boon decided iv favour of Mr, M'Graw. Maggio'a wedding trip was across tho boo,_ but not in a .learner. It was in a trig little" vetsoi, "which Mr. M'Graw gave as a wedding present, at'tho exproes request of the brido. " Moitin wouldn't givo up tho sea," she said. "And you wouldn't givo ,up Martin f" said Mr. M'Graw. "Why, no, sir; not for tho world, paid tbo foolish girl. So poor Mr. M'Graw took passage alono. 