CIRCULAR NOTES. By "The Vagabond.' Sydney. March 30. The great Show is giving up the ghost, aud its end is not peace. Especially in the matter of judgingis there discontent. Many gentlemen ef honor and ability refused to act with persons who were coupled with bhem as judges. Of course even those who are actuated by the fairest motives and have done their duty most conscien tiously have had great difficulties in ad judicating, let alone satisfying, every exhibitor. In real truth, this system of awards at International Shows is a great farce. Take, for instance, an article we will call a toothpick. This is a necessary of civilization, and the display of toothpicks at the Exhibition has been a grand one. Hundreds of bundles from different manu facturers of different countries were sent in to judges of that department of applied science to which toothpicks are held to belong. What would tliey do? Try each pick ; select at random ? — to go through which would take a year. Be sides, what suits one man's teeth will not another's. So to solve the difficulty (the judges in this instance being honorable men, unamenable to palm-oil, an applica tion of which has in many instances decided equally knottypoints) — each tooth pick exhibitor reeeiveda"lst prize." This is a perfectly true tale. the merry judges. To a man w&o; has nothing to do a judge's place at the Exhibition is not a bad one. If from the country, he gets a rail w: 13' pass to and from Sj'dne' ; he has free admission to the show, and is each day entitled to lunch aud refreshment to the extent of three shillings and sixpence in value. After this lunch there is always a crowd of judges congregated on the grass at an angle of the building. Tlmy smoke, tell funii3T tales, get up sweeps hikes, and lately have taken to euchre — at least, I saw a match of twenty games plared between one of the judges and an American visitor the other da-. It was a scandalous outrage on the provisions of the Betting Act. The American did not lose ! But the police should put a stop to this sort of thing. the united states commission. We have continually been in trouble over our Commission at Sydney. The last outrage, and one at which every true American blushes, has been the public parade or so-called " Banquet and Testi monial to Mr Gregory P. Harte U.S. Exchequer Commissioner," who left by the last mail for San Francisco. His departure was unexpected, but br the same vessel sundry letters for Californian and New York journals were conveyed which will, perhaps amuse him when he ren Is them. This is a glaring instance of how the press is gulled here. Mr Harte is a smart business man who brought over Winchester rifles and Boston whisk- to the show. When our Consul General, Mr Spencer returned to Melbourne the other day, he left Mr Harte as a sort of clerk in charge, which position he occupied for about a fortnight, then he gets up banquets and testimonials to him- hiuort-eif. with the aid of Mr Manson, the r-r.'ivscntative of the Waltliam Watch Co., who iuvked prominent members of the pivss to these farces, and got long accounts of them inserted in the daily journals. Our boys from the States have done some "smart" tricks during the Exhibition! Harte has now gone to Washington seeking an appointment at the forthcoming Melbourne International Exhibition. Why we object to this is tlcat he has disgraced us enough already, by flaunting around the Exhibition with bookmakers and loose women. Imagine the "Eicecutive Com missioner of the United States " iu such company. The friend of the Thompsons, who would be au intimate at "Don Juan House," certainly aught not to have do with our commissive in Melbourne. the contented exhibitor. Where is lie to be found is the question of the day ! Who is satisfied with the results obtained at the show? I have discovered the man and hasten to place it on record as the only case known. He is a Yankee exhibitor — say of the best Connecticut wooden pap spoons, the shoddiest things in creation. I met him, his face beaming, his body shaking with internal convulsions of merriment. " Colonel ; come and put yourself outside some Bourbon," said he. " What's the fun I " quoth L " Fun ! It's the best game out. The judges have made a mistake. Tke-'<ae given me first prize." the discontented exhibitor. Far excellence this is the man whose toothpicks (as we will call them) were overlooked. When he saw that all the others get firat prizes, he sent in a milti remonstrance te the judges, asking why his wares were net even worthy of men tion. This was awkward for them ; bur, equal to the occasion, they immediately set to work, looked up a few bundles of toothpicks, aud gave our discontented exhibitor their unanimous opinion that in every respect his were the very worst articles ever made. 'The joke is that this was the only lot of toothpicks tested. 