Extracts. A HEADLESS GnosT.-A strangestor}: roaches tho Bendigo Independent from tho Sheepwash. A few evonings since four wood cartors. woro roturuing from Sandhurst to their homos at tho Sheepwash. Tho night was cloar, tho moon being high in tho heavens. When thoy roached tho Junction Hotel they turnod off on a bush traok, and travolled along for a short distance Suddonly thoy saw approaching thom tho figuro of a 'hoadlo¿3 fotnale draped in white, and gliding along apparently without any oxortion. Each wood-carter was riding in his ' own ' dray. They gazed with fascinated horror on tlio spoo taclo, none of thom able to speak. A cariosity about this strnngo affair is that tho mon say that dircotly it passed ono waggon . it bocamo invisible to thoso silting in tho othor cart. Tills it appeared to each woodcartor, ono after this othor. Although dressed in whito, thoro appoarod to bo a yollowish Imo surrounding tho figure. For four nights in succession the ghost (or whatovor it was) was seen, and tho wood cartors bocamo at last so afraid that when thoy aro now- going homo with tho oiiipty drays thoy all ride togothor. Had tho stoiy benn related to us by ono person only, few pcoplo would placo auy crodonco in but when half a-dozou mon emphatically relato tho samo story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young mon havo, howovor, arrauged to '* pot" tho ghost whon noxt it apnoars. If any foolish individual is playing a trick, ho may rocoivo an uhpleasant surprise in the shupo of a charge of shot. LAMPAS.-Tho barbarous and unnecessary cporation performod of tho month of tho horse, for the cure of lampas, has boon rocontly under tho consideration of tho Animals' Protoctiou Society, as will bo Boon by their last report, publishod in another column. As everyone who had anything to do with horses knows, the operation is an oxtromely painful ono, and tho resort of farriers to such a cruol mode of euro for tho ailment seems to havo boon tho result of ignoraiico moro than anything olso. ' Boforo resolving to take action to stop tho barbarous practico, tho society referred to Mr..John Stewart, veterinary Burgoon, Darlinghurst Road to olicit his opinion ns to its necessity. Ho states that during tho fifty years ho has boon attending to tho ailments of horses ho has novor mot with a single case that requirod such an operation as that which farriers aro in tho habit of performing for tho euro of tho lampas.' Tho practico has novor boen sanctioned at nny of tho veterinary colleges in tho United Kingdom, :nor by_ any modern votorinary author in tho United Kingdom. Mr. Stewart's opinions, whioh tho society hos embodied in a circular to be issued to ovory farrier in tho colony, aro worth perusal by all owners of horsos. We may add, by way of caution, that tho society has rcsolvod to pro secute any porson who may horoaftor be found burning for tho lampas.-'Horald' WBAVIL.-Farmers will bo glad to hoar 'that thoro ÍB at loast a remedy for tho woavil in oom, has boon proved; and effectually satisfied thoso who had inado tho test. Messrs. Midsloy and Ob. gavo us a hint as to this inestimable boou and we have now traced it out fnrtbo benefit ol our farming roadors. Boforo packing tho corn in bags put it into an airtight cask or tank, and boforo covoring tho receptado up placo insido a littlo cotton wool soapod in tho ' bi-sulphido ol carbon, Whon tho corn has boon allowed t( remain for a fow hours in tho vossol it can bc packed in hags without foar of tho woavil agait entering it. As is well known,; tho weavi grows with tho corn, and consequently, if one« killed will never rotura, and a solution of th bi- sulphido of carbon has boon found an offec tual.oxerminator, as well as having tho merit o ohoapnosa. Messrs. Elliott Bros. aro tho intro ducors.-' Doily Obsorvor. ' TUB NEW LIGHTHOUSE.-On Monday nox nnothor now lighthouse will shod itsbnllinnc to guido and to warn vossols voyago in 'Austra lian waters. Wo refer to-that which 'has bool rofor to that which has boon created on Bout Solitary Island, lt it nearly a quarter of a cor. tury since tho dosisablenuss of eroding thi lighthouse was affirmed by commissioner roprosonting tho various Australian cnlonioE Throo yoiirs ago the sito wss soloctod ' hy th Marino Board of this colony in coujunctio ? KT.. T-13-1-_¿^^ C: -i'" .. . . fi ^'.;n"<"oti'-.ii of' Hi«A tr«rlc will lia gratifying to all who go down to tho sua in ships and do business in the great waters, because it is an additional evidence of care human life and for tho socurity of commerce as against maritim« risks. Tho register of wrecks published in yesterday's Government Gazette gives a "¡st of the losses on the const of New Smith VV.iles during tho 'year lf?79, .with tho particulars of tho casualties. Bearing in mind tin extent of our shipping, these must ho considered small, although there 28 casos mentioned. Sixteen lives were lost, and upwards of £70.000 worth of property, lt does not appear that any of these vessels was wrecked for for want of light house warning but there can be no doubt that the existence of lighthouses on the points where they have been already established has been the moans of siving many brave men and many hundred throitaaud pounds' worth of property. The new light, theroforo must bo hailed with satisfaction, and we aro sure that tho colonists will not çrudgo their share of tho oxpinso which maj' be necessary for tho erection of othors that may bo requiste ou the Australian coast. Echo. THE AQPATIC CnAMrioxsiirr.-Mr. Edward Trickett, the champion sculler, received this morning from Hanlan, the Canadian sculler, a reply to his challongo to row id England for the championsliip of the world. Hanlan's answer is that he cannot nccept JTrickott's challenge. This, no doubt, will bo disappointing to those who had 1 >r>kcd forward to a mcetinR between thc two greatest scullers hi tho world ; but it will, it is presumsd, for over silonco tho snoors of thoso who have, in tho old country and America, questioned Trickett's title to tho championship.-'E.INews.' PEUSOÍÍAIÍ EXPEIUENCB.-I hovo three years experience of tho earth closet system at my own place in tho counntry. Tho earth used thora is such as can be found in numerous places in the country, of Oomberlantl, and it admirably answers tho purpose. It is a yellow sandy loam, and tho compost which it forms after lying oxposed ! to tho weather throe months is as fino a manure I as can bo fwnd anywhoro -porfoctly inodorous and, when applied to tho poor soil of tho sand ! steno mountains, producing the richest crops of vegetables, including onions largo enough to take a prizo. I am in a position to deny point blank the statement that tho manuro prooucod by earth closet system ia valueless. On tho contrary, I havo found it as Mr. Landis, tho proprietor of Vinoland, found it-most valtiablo. -' Herald.' - TIIE LAKOF.ST TREE nr. TICE WORLD.-Thoro is at present on exhibition in Now York a sec tion of an immense troo which hns been brought from California. Tho Now York Herald Bays : -"This wonderful spooimen of nature's.handi work discovered in 187-1. It was growing in a grove nour Tulo Eivor, Prularo country, Califor nia, about Boventy-flvo milos from Vislvlia. Its top had boon broken ofT, probably at some romoto period, and when discovered it was still 240 feet high. Tho budy of tho truo whoro it was twelve foot in diamotor, and had two limbs, measuring rospoctivoly nine foot and ten foot in diamotor. -Tho trunk moasurod below 111 foet. This ancient monarch of tho forest ia callod ' Old Mosos,' after a mountain near which it stood. _ It is supposed to bo 4840 years old, and and'it is. the lnrgost troo that has over boon discovered. Tho soctinn on exhibition is 7ß feot in circumferonco and 25 foot across. It is oapablo 'jf holding 100 pouplo in its interior, as it is now fitted up, is arranged liko a drawing room. A carpet has boon laid down ; thoro arc apiano, sofa,_ tables,' and chairs, with scones from Californt hung around, and pooplo move about quito freely."-Hardwick's Science Gossip, 