LOAN ESTIMATES. THE loan estimate's^ showing the amounts proposed to be expended from loans during the financial year ending June 30, 1881, have just been published. They are presented in handy form, and show at a glance what amount is to be apportioned to the respective departments of the Government service. They also distinguish between the sums to be paid for salaries, and the estimated general expenditure without that item. This is, we think, a wise arrangement, as at a glance it wi^l be seen what is the proportion the one bears to the other. If the whole of the works mentioned in the return are earned out, an immense amount of labor will be employed, and not much will be -heard of what is admitted to be very common—a dearth of employment.. Many of the wurks are already iii progress, and the construction of others/lias been decided on by Parliament, so that no room is left for doubt as to certain great public undertakings occupying much time, employing many men, and causing the circulation of a large amount of money. In other cases, however, it is but natural to suppose that there will be delay in commencing the specified works, and it is possible some of them may never be carried out at all. For the Engineerin-Chief's Department it is calculated that £884,325 will be required, of which huge sum £780,500 is to be expended on railways. This latter sum is, of course, apportioned among the many lines either in actual progress or ordered to be commenced. The Terowie and Picliirichi Railway is to cost £184,750 ; the Adelaide and Nairne Railway £183,800; and th Port Augusta and Government Gums Railway £165,825. It is more than probable that these amounts will be exceeded, aud by the time the financial year expires it will be seen that close upon £1,000,000 will hare passed through this single department. For the Marino Board Dopartment £77,500 will be required, of which sum £50,000, as might be expected, for Port Adelaide, £14,000 for Port Pirie, and the rest in the other outports. Nearly £200,000 is put down for the Hydraulic Engineer's Department. This sum includes provision heing made for water supply to certain towns, but Gawler is not included. Why this should be the case, requires explanation. Other departments are set down as follows :—Surveyor-General's, £2,735 15s.; Main Roads, £100,000; Northern Territory, £41,422 16s. 8d.; Post-Office and Telegraph, £33,090; Architect-in- Chief's, £58,627 4s. 2d., making a grand total of £1,390,350 15s. lOd. A further sum still of £31,783 18s. 2d. will be required for the erection of schoolltouses .during the current financial year. It is impossible for any disinterested person to look at these figures without feeling that we are a much-governed people. The population of the entire colony is only about equal to that of a seventh rate city in England, and if proposed by any civic enthusiast in the old country to spend such a sum of money in any one year he would be handed over to his friends for safe keeping. It is tnie we have in this colony a splendid estate in the shape of hundreds of miles of good and unsold Crown lands. But if the colony becomes hampered with debt on account of unwise ex[»enditure, oar national assets will depreciate in value, because of the increased difficulty in making them marketable. There is no doubt good reasons may be urged for the immediate carrying out of most, if not all, the works referred to in the return, but in view of the fact that a great amount of incapacity has been shown by heads of departments, involving the loss of many thousands ~ of. pounds, it becomes a matter of pressing necessity that more crre should be exercised in the inception of public works, and in the preparation of estimates of their cost. The huge blunders committed in the past are proverbial, and it would seem, from what has been brought to light lately in connection with the Wallaroo Jetty and other similar undertakings, that the colony will have to wait some time before its affairs are managed on anything like proper business principles. One would naturally suppose from the rate of salaries paid that unexceptionable talent ought to be procured; but this is a consummation yet devoutly to be wished. We notice that in the return seven persons in the Engineer-in-ChieJs department are to be paid upwards of £3,200 out of the loan funds. The average e' ;h will receive may thus easily be estimated, and it will be admitted that it is a very high one. Surely the country has a right to expect that for such an average payment there should be thoroughly efficient service rendered. It is also open to very serious question as to whether a Government during the existence of a moribund Parliament is justified in initiating extensive works, such as appear prominent in the return now under review. There is a certain amount of suspiciousness about the proceeding, as if the Government were nervously desirous of standing well with the constituencies at the approaching elections; and discerning politicians would prefer that the electors of the province, and more particularly of certain localities, should have an opportunity of expressing their opinion as to the proposal to spend large sums of money in their districts. It is not improbable that at the next election the country will have something to say, and will say it, at the way in which public moneys are expended, and the financial affairs of the colony are conducted. MR. D. W. DUFFIEXD, J.P.—This gentleman and his family will leave for England by the royal mail steamer, which leaves the bay to-morrow. Mr. Duffield has been in bad health for some time j aud a change of air is recommended by his medical adviser as likely to prove beneficial. We trust that Mr. Duffield will return to Gawler with his health thoroughly established. SERIOUS RIOTS IN IRELAND.—Telegrams in the daily papers state that the news_ received from Ireland is of the most disquieting character. Serious riots have occurred within the last few days in a number of places throughout the northern part of the country, which have been repressed by the police with the greatest difficulty. At Dungannon, in County Tyrone, on Monday, the disturbance reached such a height that the mayor was compelled to read the Riot Act. The police then received orders to fire on the mob, who refused to disperse, aud several persons were killed. The news has produced great excitement both in Dublin and London, and it is stated that the Government are determined to act with the utmoBt vigor. SOLD !—The day before the waxworks exhibition was opened at the Institute, a man went into the hall, and enquired of " Sir Hurtle Fisher," one of the wax figures standing near the door, for the manager, Mr. Lawrence. Receiving no reply, he pulled off his hat, and again asked the same question, this time very respectfully. The illusion was dispelled by Mr. Lawrence himself at the further end of the room bursting out laughing at the comical mistake of the man. Ho RSFALL'S DEFALCATIONS.—In the House of Assembly on Thursday Mr. Bright asked —" 1. Was Mr. Horsfall, late clerk of the e Local Court, Gawler, guaranteed, and to what amount? 2. Does the amount of such guarantee cover his defalcations? 3. Do the Government intend taking any and what steps to recover the amount of such defalcations ?" The Attorney-General replied :— " 1. Yes ; in £200. 2. Not by £38 3s. 3. If necessary steps will be taken to recover the amount of such defalcations." RECREATION GROUND.—We would direct the attention of the corporation to the inconvenience occasioned by there being no means of egress from the Ri- creation Ground for nursegirls with perambulators when the large gates are locked. THE TEMPERANCE LKAOOK.—We have been informed that the ladies' committee have all but finished their hcuse-to-house canvassing for signatures to a memorial to both Houses of Parliament in favor of the closing of pulilic- liouaes during the whole of Sunday. When the canvass is completed it is estimated that over 1,100 names will have been signed ; and a significant fact is announced that several of the publicans' wives in the district are in favor of the movement. AGRICULTURAL SHOW.—The Salisbury and Virginia Agricultural Show and Ploughing Match took place at Salisbury on Thursday,' August 19, on the land of Mr. Middleton, near the railway station. The weather was all that could be desired, aud it is estimated that about 2,000 persons were present; The exhibits in most of the classes were numerous, and 11 ploughs competed for the Royal Agricultural Society's prize of £10: This was won by Mr. Yeats. The dinner took place at the Salisbury Hotel, and there were about 70 persons present.; - Mr. Goodman occupied the chair, and Mr. Mm' Stir the vice-chair. Various toasts saitable to the occasion were proposed and cespoaded to, and a pleasant evening WAS spent. LARRIKINISM.—A young female larrikin, in male attire, was brought before the Melbourne magistrate on Tuesday. She had made off with a gentleman friend's raiment, and had gone on a spree, leaving him lamenting. She was warned and sent about her business. SYDNEY EXHIBITION AWARDS.—The Echo has been drawing attention to the prize medals awarded at Sydney for watches, and remarks that the judges offered a sort of apology for their report. The Echo says :— " Many of our best manufacturers decline to enter goods in competion before the judges of exhibitions, and the recent,/£asco with the watches at Sydney will encourage the belief that it is better to rely on an established reputation than on prize medals. It is alleged that the judges' statement that they had not time to make all the required tests is absurd to any practical watchmaker, and complaint is made that many of the watches were taken to pieces aud put together without skilled supervision, whilst others were not so treated, being thus subjected to very unfair competition." ANNIVERSARY.—Anniversary services in connection with the Presbyterian Church, Smithfield, were held on Sunday, August 15. The Rev. J. Mitchell, of Clare, preached to good congregations afternoon and evening. Mr. Mitchell preached in the Gawler Presbyterian Church on Sunday morning, and as is usual that church was closed in the evening to allow of any of the congregation uniting with that at Smithfield. On Monday a tea meeting was held, at which there was a fair attendance. Subsequently the Rev. R. W. Campbell, Wesleyan minister, delivered his popular lecture on " Robert Burns" to an appreciative audience. The collections, which were regarded as satisfactory, were devoted to the Chnrch funds. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. — A special meeting of the members of this church was held on Wednesday evening, August 18, for the purpose of taking into consideration matters affecting the pastorate of the church. There was a good attendance, and Mr. Jas. Davies, senior deacon, occupied the chair. After the transaction of routine business, and the revision of the church roll, a resolution was carried unanimously inviting the Rev. J. H. Lewis to the pastorate of the church, and a deputation was appointed to wait upon that gentleman and acquaint him with the decision. Mr. Lewis, who has been supplying the pulpit for the last three weeks, has accepted the office, and will enter upon his duties forthwith. Mr. Lewis was ordained to the Congregational ministry last year in England, and on account of delicate health left for New Zealand, thinking that a change of climate would be beneficial. A further change was found necessary, when Mr. Lewis came to this colony a few weeks ago, and was engaged as provisional minister to the Congregational Church of this town. PRESBYTERIAN CBVRCB.—A meeting of tfie committee of management of the church was held on Wednesday evening, Angiist 18, when the tender of Mr. Thomas White was accepted for rej 7irs and alterations to the church building. The amonnt is £281. It will be seen by advertisement in another column that on Sunday, the 29th inst., and until further notice the church will be closed until the necessary alterations are completed. Seatboldera are requested to remove their books and cushions, nnd morning service only wilt be compacted in the Institute Hall, at the usoal hoars, until farther notice. GHOST AT ROSAVILLE.—Residents of the qniet township of RosaviUe have during the past week been startled by the nightly appearance of a ghost. The nocturnal visitor (says the S. Star) assumed the form-'of a young girl, draped in what appeared to' lawhite shroud. Children were frightened, and a few older heads, believing that the departed are allowed to revisit the earth, were fearful that some crir. 3 bad been perpetrated, and that the embodied spirit of the victim was permitted to haunt the vicinity. Others of a more practical turn of mind looked upon the matter as a hoax, and one resident, who had no faith in supernatural visitation, decided to test whether, it was a spirit " doomed for a certain term^ to walk the night, aud 'for the day confined to fast in fires," or some resident of- the neighborhood playing a practical joke. On Friday night he therefore laid in wait, and when the nocturnal visitant appeared, made a dash forward, and found that bis arms encircled the form of a young girl, daughter of a neighbor, who was enveloped in a sheet, instead of a disembodied spirit. The practical joker was conveyed home, and cautioned against repeating her folly. NURIOOTPA POST-OFFICE.—The foundation stone of the Nuriootpa Post-Office, the site of which is in one of the leading thoroughfares of the township, was laid on Tuesday, August 17, by Mr. C. Bock. Mr. Bock, in a short speech, expressed pleasure at seeing so many friends present on such an eventful occasion, and hoped they might have file pleasure of laying the foundation stones of other Government buildings in the township before long, as from their central position they ought shortly to have court house and police-station. The Nuriootpa Quartette Verein and the local brass band were present. The Quartette Verein sang the "Bander Lied," after which the brass band, under the leadership of Mr. Rudolf Gilgess, played a selection of music. Re freshments were then handed round by the committee, and three cheers were given for Mr. C. Bock, the committee, and others who had interested themselves in the affair. The weather was all that could be desired.— Register. SKKVICE OF Sosu.—The service of song, ** Eva," was rendered at the Baptist Church on Wednesday evening, August 18. The connecttre readings were given by the Rev. Samuel Fairey, late pastor of the charch, and Miss Brooks presided at the harmonium. A few members of Mr. Riggs's brass band were -also in attendance, ami rendered efficient service. The attendance was good, and everything passed off satisfactorily. BOXING THE EARS.—The following letter, which conveys a very pertinent warning, should be read carefully by parents, guardians, and school teachers: —" To the editor of the Melbourne Herald. Sir—I would, with your permission, say a few words in reference to a most vicious practice, which I have .reason to believe obtains in some of the schools in the district of Melbourne. I refer to the old-fashioued, but certainly most objectionable custom which some school teachers have of ' boxing children's ears,' as the saying is. The educational system of Victoria"' M » very liberal one, and amply keep np- with the growing requirements 'of this prosperous colony.. .But the question; of the mode of punishing ^ children still. requires ' further consideration. • Inshort, I destrc, and briefly, to state that tecentlyl fobnd »lad i»»fag>ily affected with setMHw deafness. He had the tytnpani of both his ears absolutely Kfoken, which means, of courae, r ihcm«ble. dttfoess. I mM IDW WD^LHJ^ and New Zealand, 1'bave" met W)th'-H]totlar casfea/ espeeially in Chri^hm^. 'where I found )ip less than four little children inooe single family affected with serious deafness, one of theloWl JJttfc ones being absolutely incurable. . In. all those cases the parents assured me/that. they, never strack their children, bpt that in school the dangerous habit had JOeen.productive of such fatal results. I enclose, the name of the family, also of the teachers wfiohad, unwittingly no dooht, been the cause of the misfortune which so direly presses upon both parents and children. As I said before, this is only one of niany instances which have come within my profes. sional observation in Victoria, and I think that it woald be well' if the Boards of Education throughotit the colonies took steps to establish and enforee .regulations, necessary to pnt a atop to so disastrous a habit wherever practised in the'public schools.— Yours, &c.;, PROFESSOR STANICH^"' WAXWORKS EXHIBITION. — Kreitmayer's waxwork's exhibition opened in the Institute Hall on Wednesday, Aognst 18, aud will remain open at the same place until 10 o'clock this evening. The collection comprises Sir Hnrtle Fisher, one of the pioneers of Adelaide, Daniel O'CbnnelL the Irish patriot, George Peabody, His Holiness Pope Leo XI1L, the ex-Empress of the French, and a great many European celebrities. There is a well arranged representation of Burke, Wills, and King, the well-known explorers \- r and also a representation of the Kelly gang making their attack on - the Victorian police near Mansfield at-the end of October, 1878. This group is arranged in capital style on the front part of the stage, in the midst of greenery and speanpass, and is the best representation in the hsiu. Other figures are represented, and as this is positively the last day of the exhSntion in Gawler, the "paMic should &vail; tbemsdves of the only remaining opportunity of seeing thecollectiOn. TIIK GAWLXR HANDBOOK.—We in receipt of this lo^g-promised manual^' the full title of which I* "The G»wler, Hsndbook i a record the rise and progress of that waportant town ;^ to which are ,added memoirs of McKinlay, the exphw-er,. iwd j>r. Nott." The work u .pctavo' si^ aitid'contains 180 pages of . letterpress, and ^t a glance it is seen, iei contain an .ipuaeose amount of very interesting and. vMp*ble information , about the iovf. its institutions, celebrities, &c.;, from the foundation of the town to the present tine. The opening chapter contains! the late Dr. Nott's account of the foundation of the town, and this is followed by a.history of its general progress from I860 to 188a There are also descriptions of the: various mills and factories of the town, and brief accounts of various ohurches and societies. To Gawler residents .especially the book is in many respects a valuable vade mecum, and will prove a handy book of reference for many yeara. We notice a few trifling grammatical and typographical inaccuracies, but these no doubt will be remedied in subsequent editions. The editor of. the work is Mr. George E. Loyau, for a short time resident of -this town, andjcondnctor of the Htm/yip newspaper. Much of the descriptive matter in. the handbook appeared some time ago in the pages of that jogoraal, but most of the nsateinal has been compiled from other sources. - There is a tendency to prolixity and verboseneasj and exception .will be rightly taken by .most people to so much space being devoted to the Neville, ^d Adamaon tragedy..- A brief tocntioh o? the event was all that was required, juttl ^11 that snch men deserved. We woqjld ^Isojiuggest that in future editions » few if not ' most of the poetical effnsioni should be omitted. Hie work is largely illustrated with 'wellexecuted photographic v&aira; of many . local buildings, and great praise Is due to Mr. J. Taylor, photographer. Murray-street, for the excellent way in which he has executed his part of the work. It is matter for regret that snch' buildUb^ as the Institute, the Town Hall, 'the School, and the various churches, should.- not be shown, and so far the book ia certainly incomplete without them. We are ante that citizens and the pnblic in general wonld derive much mono pleasure from seeing the views of snch, and other buildings that might be mentioned, in .preference to some which find a place in the Jiandhook.' With these exceptions the work cannot fail to. be of permanent interest." 