GENERAL HEWS. The following incident has been related to the Bailarat Star in connection with the late elections About eight miles distant from Bailarat, upon the Daylesford road, there are resident a number of electors having votes for Bailarat West. . As the majority are farmers and sensible menj the feeling with regard to the elections was of a decidedly : conservative turn. Now, there was no polling- i booth in that locality, owing to some mis- i understanding, and the.voters had necessarily i to come into town to' record their votes. To suit their convenience, the Opposition candi dates had arranged to send several cabs out to the district, but the drivers mistaking the road, went in the direction of Clark's Hill. When pretty well advanced on their journey they met a- parly of machine hands, whom they decided were the desired voters, and so. pulling up, they took the men into the cabs, who, the day being an off one, were nothing loth to take a cheap drive. The cabbies/ exalting in the thought that they had secured a goodly quantify of voting matter, drove with all speed to a booth, but the disgust of the candidates and the. crestfallen looks of thh cabbies inay be imagined when they disr covered that not a single man of them had taken out an elector's right, and meanwhile the Daylesford road-voters were moulding their thoughts into words expressive and em phatic, if not dignifiedandgraceful. Papers from New Zealand to the 27th ult. state, that & good deal of uneasiness has been created by the proceedings of the Maori chief, Major Kemp, at Murimotu. About two months ago, it was determined by the Government to proceed , with the survey of the Bangipo block, so far as to provide mate rial for making the title good in the court; The only opposition likely to; be experienced in carrying out this plan was from Kemp's own tribe, who wished the Government sur veyors to lay off ra tribal boundary line, and who feared that if .the survey of the Bangipo block once were finished, they would have no means of bringing pressure to bear to get this done. The only difficulty in the way of ac: ceding to their wishes was that this tribal boundary line would interfere with several other tribes, who strongly objected to its being done. The Government therefore con sulted Mete Kingi, Kemp's superior chief, and Kemp himself, both chiefs being in receipt of Government pay,, whether Kemp'b personal influence could be used to prevent any trouble. Both com curred in this view, Kemp expressing his opinion .that there might be a little blustering at first, but that he could easily smooth over matters. He accordingly was sent ; but now it turns out that he has been playing double and secretly instigating his followers to resist the survey until their boundary had been run. He has a small party of followers, and the chief fear is lest his insulting action may rouse the auger of Topia and the other tribes,' and so irritate them into action against him. He has been peremptorily recalled by the Government.' It is ho secret that the audit office has had very considerable trouble with the accounts of theBailway Department during, the ad ministration of Mr. John -Woods. The last report of the commissioners calls attention to a number of serious misappropriations. The next report,, however, may be expected to ' reveal much more startling and some not un- amusing examples of Mr, Woods's excessive prudence ft' protecting his own in terests, and his reckless extravagance wheri baling with the property or. funds of the State. We are informed, for instance, that the audit , office recently received accounts from the railways, including, first a voucher for the cost of an advertisement by apas- seuger who had lost his portmanteau while travelling on the Government railways ; second, a voucher for some £20 odd, claimed by the said passenger as compensation, be cause the said portmanteau had hot been found. Each -voucher was, as is re quired by daw, certified to as correct by Mr. John (Woods, (Commissioner of . Bail- ways, and, strange to say, the accounts sent in to the department for the cost of the adver- ' tisemeht, and the value of the , portmanteau, were also; signed by a John Woods, Residing at, Edom. John Woods, the Commissioner, had, of course, paid the money to John Woods, the Edomite, before the vouchers were for warded to the audit office. Cynical people, like Mr. M'Intyre or Me. Gaunson for instance, might suggest a very hasty .contrast between the pfomptitude with which this claimagainst the Bailway Department was settled, and the Commissioner's insolent taunt to the burned- out farmers of Nagambie to go to. the Supreme Court for compensation- . In response to the advertisements inviting competitive poems for the inaugural cantata of the Melbourne International Exhibition, about 180 'were received. The commis sioners have the poems at present under con sideration, but' already the "competition is practically refetrictedto some twelve or four teen which appear to possess sufficient- merit. , The result, will- probably, be made known in about 'another week. .Very few of the. poems sent ih- are ndkpt4dafdr the "pupbse of a -cafitataPii;bbb YI;I J - Odr Andfer&onJsCreek; eof respdndeutwr ites : ? — " In mining matters . the tribute party for the New Pigtail Quartz claim took posses sion last Thursday ; they intend starting in a few days. The Crown Company finished a crushing of 286 tons from the durite dyke last Saturday, yieIding34oz.or dearly 3dwt. to the ton, which pays handsomely. On the parallel dyke, Barton and ; party, .Sons of Tempe rance claim, sold out at a satisfactory pnee tc> :Mr. Wild mans, a gentleman long .and favour ably . known as an indefatigable miner m Hoddle's Cregk and district. They , baye started a tramway horn their tunnel to Mr. Grant's , battery, which, when completed, will materially lessen the expenses of crush ing. In; alluvial things are looking up. One party in the pplice paddock obtained as much as 17dwt. to the tub. The claims near the river ,at jthe Dyke also are doing better, and wages being obtained. I might say that we have not been left out in the general im provement since the political death of Mr. Berry." . : . An - experiment was made on Thursday at thp machinery-hall in the Garden Palace (says a Sydney paper) to test the non-. conducting power of Wool. Dr. Shaw ex plained that he had tried the experiment successfully at Moss Vale, in the presence of Messrs. Atkinson and Badgery. - A small copper was filled with wool. In the centre was placed a tin can nearly filled with water. The temperature was tested by the ther mometer and found to be 74deg. The ther mometer was left immersed, the can was covered over with brown paper and then with wool, and the copper was placed in a larger copper of boiling water, and kept boil ing from noon till a quarter to 4. Dr. Shaw was of opinion that such was the non conducting force of the wool, that the tem perature of the water in the can would not be found increased. The experiment, how ever, was not a success, for on removing the thermometer it was found to register 120deg. Dr. Shaw attributed the failure to the wool being too loose, and said he would make another experiment under more favourable circumstances. Between the hours of 1 o'clock on Satur day and 8 o'clock on Monday morning, a bur glary was committed on the premises of Mr. W. Lawrance, of 37 Queen street, shipping agent. An entrance was effected by breaking a pane of glass, and removing the window catch. It was found that the office had been thoroughly ransacked. Only a few articles, of about the value of 5s., were stolen. The most amusing part of the affair was that the burglars (who it is presumed are some boys) wrote the following on a slate : — " You have had a visit from the Kellys. We will give you another visit in a month, and if there is no cash here, we will burn the place down. (Signed.) Ned Kelly.", On a piece of paper was written : — " The Kellys have been here. Ned, Dan, Hart, and Byrne." Information was at once given to the police and detective office of the matter, and inquiries were set on foot at once. A very useful little work has been for warded to us by ; the author, Mr. C. E. Albrecht, G.E., entitled " Measurements and Dimensions of Tanks and Dams." The book will be found of great service to the farmer, the contractor," and even the professional engineer, for by its means any measurements either for tanks or earthworks can be calcu lated with the greatest ease. To the selector it will be found an invaluable aid in deter mining the quantities for various works necessary on the farm. The tables of measurement are all calculated to the-nearest decimal, and though they are set forth in a very small space j the labour entailed in their compilation has been particularly arduous. What would appear to be a case of aban doning a child has come under the notice of the St. Kilda police. Late on Saturday night, a male child, about a fortnight old, was found lying on the path in Henry street; Windsor. The child appeared healthy, and was well clad in flannel and wincey. In quiries are being made as to the heartless mother. The inducement to pocket-picking offered by the present fashion of ladies having their pockets very much exposed, and in positions where they cannot readily guard them in a crowded street or other public place, has been the means of raising up quite a large crowd of pocket thieves in the city. They existed certainly before the advent of the fashion spoken of , hut only in small num bers. compared with the present time. Several specimens of the class were brought before the City Bench on Monday, and were punished according to their merits. One of them, it- appeared, had been tiring a decent life for three years, but a good opportunity pre- . senting itself in the Royal Arcade on Satur day, the temptation proved too great, and he picked a well-lined purse very deftly out of a lady's jacket pocket. A proposal has been made by Messrs. T. T. Draper and Co., of 147 Latrobe street west, to the City Council for lighting the Eastern (Market with the electric tight. In a letter addressed by this firm to the council, and read at the meeting of the council on Mon day, they stated as follows " The present eighteen sunlights could be replaced with say twelve electric lights, and the machine and engine for generating the electricity could be located in the basement. Such a machine, capable , of giving a light in the aggregate of ,35,000 candles, divided into twelve or sixteen lights, we can supply complete, with engine, lamps, etc., for £1,600, and the cost of illuminating should not. be more than £500 or £600, per annum, including all expenses." The letter was referred to the Market Com mittee. The late bountiful harvest, followed as it . has been by fertilising reins, was the cause of a harvest thanksgiving service being held on Sunday last, at St. Andrew's Church of Eng land/ Clifton hill, Coltingwood, and drew a very large congregation, which filled every part of the building from end to end. In the chancel, and on the Communion table, were placed sheafs of grain and fleeces of wool, together with a glass stand, and a " horn of plenty," containing the fruit of the vine, the fig, and several orchard and garden fruits, as well as a bright display of highly perfumed flowers, the whole presenting a .very 'pleasing effect. The sermon, by the hop. lay helper, ; Mr. ,Gi Baker, pointed -out the < propriety and ;4aiy of thanksgiving, the iextbeingJer. riii. 20, Thejharvest-isjpast, the-sunnnjer is ended." The hymns were all in harmony with the oc casion, and heartily joined in by the large congregation, especially the last, " Come, ye thankful people, come, raise the song of har vest home." -Jf The three children who were lost frojn Echuca on Friday were found on Saturday afternoon at Wharparilla, a distance of twelve miles from Echuca. They were resting under the shade of a bush when discovered, and had been out all night, but appeared quite well, although hungry. The children stated that they, were going out to Torrunibarry. Some of those who were out in search did not re turn till late on Saturday evening. A woman named Mary O'Callaghan, who appears blessed with a very vindictive nature, was charged- at the City Police coup; on Tuesday with assaulting a little boy named Webber, because he happened to be called as an adverse witness in a case in which she was the defendant. Having Waited for a favourable opportunity, the prisoner rushed upon the child, stuck pins in Tiih face, and so twisted one of his arms that he had to wear it in a sling for a month. Sue was fined 10s., with 30s. costs, in default fourteen days' imprisonment with hard labour> The curator of estates of deceased persons has obtained rides to administer the estates of the following deceased persons, under the Acts Nos. 230 and 427 : — Patrick Conroy, Morfc street, East St. Kilda, £70 ; David Doolan, 114 George street, Fitzroy, £200; John M'Girr (with will annexed), 3 Capel terrace, Southend, England, £247 10s. ; Robert Copley, 104 Northgate street, St. Gregory, England, £460 ; John Biehard ^Ed wards, Sebastian, near Sandhurst, £20 ; Alexander M'Kay, Bock of Cashel hotel, Hotham, £30; Susannah Frances Brady, Longford house, Punt road, South Yarra, £10 ; Louis Becker, 142 Bussell street, Mel bourne, £536 13s. 6d. ; William James Bead, 193 Little Collins street east, Melbourne, £33 10s. lid. An inquest was held by Mr. Candler, dis trict coroner, on the 8th inst., on the body of a young man named John Gilheany, twenty- three years of age, who was drowned whilst bathing in the Saltwater Biver, at Maribyr- nong, on the 7th inst. It appears that on , the day named, between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon, deceased requested one Denis Murphy, a gardener living at Moonee Ponds, to go to the Saltwater Biver to have a swim. Murphy went, but being unwell, did not go into the water. The deceased, however, stripped, and went into the water, and sank almost immediately. The jury, in returning a verdict of- accidentally drowned whilst bathing, added — " The jury are of opinion that steps should he taken to warn persons of the treacherous or dangerous nature of the Saltwater Biver at Maribyrnong." As snakes are very prevalent just now, the following account of the death of a young man should act as a warning to others whose daily avocations necessitate their being in grassy paddocks, or to those who go out for pleasure, rabbit-hunting, etc. On the 3rd instant, a young man, nineteen years of age, named Mark Marston, was out with one Thomas Eccleston in one of Mr. W. J. Clarke's paddocks, at Sunbury, looking for rabbits. He put his hand into a rabbit" burrow, and almost immediately withdrew it, and said something had bitten him. He continued rooting for a few minutes, and then complained of his head. His companion helped him along, and tied a string round the arm and called for assistance. Mr. Fanning, gardener to Mr. Clarke, answered the call, and scarified the wound, which was on the wrist, and which Eccleston sucked. Between them they got the deceased to the Rupertswood hotel, where he was attended by Dr. Leggatt. This was about half-past 1 o'clock in the day, and by constant care and the injection of ammonia into the arm the deceased rallied, and Dr. Leggatt left him at half-past 11 p.m., apparently doing well. He was called at 3 a.m. next day, and found deceased's arm in a violent state of inflamma tion. The doctor prescribed for him, but he continued to sink, and died at a quarter past 9\. a.m. from the poisonous effects of snake bite. An inquest was held by Mr. Candler on the 4th instant, when the above par ticulars were elicited, and the juiy returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. The deceased, who was a son of Mr. Thomas Marston, of Lancefieldroad, was much liked and respected at Sunbury, and it is intended to raise a subscription to erect a tombstone over his grave as a mark of respect. It will be remembered (remarks the Bendigo Independent) that about two months ago a Chinaman tiring near Chewton was found murdered in his hut. The usual coronial inquiry was held, hut nothing defi nite was proved, consequently an open ver dict of murder was returned. Although the Castle maine police appear to have had cer tain suspicions, no arrest was made in the neighbourhood. This crime, like many others of the same nature perpetrated in this colony, was fast being forgotten. However, attention is again called to it by the arrest, on Thursday morning last in Deniliquin, of a man named Henry Bedgood. He and three others were known to be implicated in a robbery from one of the Deniliquin hotels. Accordingly the police succeeded in capturing the four men. The gang were camped in the bush at North Demtiquin, and being rolled up in their blankets and sound asleep when the police came upon them, their arrest was effected without much trouble. After they were lodged in the lock-up it was discovered that one of the men, Henry Bedgood, tallied exactly with the description of a man who is wanted by the Victorian police on suspi cion of having murdered the Chinaman at Chewton. Next Thursday the men will ap pear before the Deniliquin magistrates to answer for the hotel robbery, and afterwards it is presumed that Bedgood will be for warded to Castlemaine. A paragraph appeared in our Saturday's issue (says the Bendigo Advertiser) to the effect that several persons residing in the vicinity of Spring Gully had recently had their nervous susceptibilities disturbed owing to a ghostly visitant appearing in the locality. It appears that the practical joking has been carried on by some woodcarters, who each in turn assumed the role of the ghost, and fre quented the spot where it was seen. They a.fferwards used to adjourn to the Junction hotel, where they would drink success to then? : absurd scheming. Mounted-constable Maguire of Strathfieldsaye, visited the locality on Saturday evening, and found three of the woodcarters in question conducting them selves in an improper manner at the hotel named, and he arrested them on a charge of insulting behaviour. Their names are J. Cairns, M. Callinan, and W. Flewen. They were brought before the Bench on Monday and remanded for a week, hail being allowed each of them in one surety of £10. The Tylden returns of the late Dalhousie election had a narrow escape from destruc tion (writes the Kymton Guardian). The constable in whose charge they were was so overcome with the exciting events of the day that he was found on Saturday evening lying on the side of the road, about four miles from Kyneton, with his horse standing over him, his hat off, and his papers all scattered about. Some good Samaritans happened to be riding by, and seeing the unfortunate man's condi tion, raised him on to his horse, picked up his papers, and escorted him to within a mile of Kyneton, On arrival at the Kyneton police station, the condition of the constable was such as caused the sergeant in charge to prefer an accusation of drunkenness against him. An examination into the circumstances took place in Melbourne on Wednesday last, be fore the superintendent of the district, with what result we have not ascertained. A little boy named Minogue was drowned in the Yarra at Coltingwood on Saturday afternoon. It appears the lad, in company with some other boys, was bathing near Dight's Falls, when the deceased suddenly got beyond his depth, and being unable to swim was drowned before assistance could be ren dered. The matter was duly reported, when Constables Moore and M'Neil proceeded to the river, and after dragging for some time, succeeded in recovering the body. Several cases of drowning have taken place about this part of the river, which is very dangerous. A strange story reaches the Bendigo Inde pendent from the Sheepwash. A few evenings since, four woodcarters were returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sheepwash. The night was clear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached the Junc tion hotel, they turned off on a bush track, and travelled along for a short distance. Suddenly they .saw approaching tnem the figure of a headless female draped in white, and gliding along apparently without any exertion. Each woodcarter was riding in hig own dray. They gazed with fascinated horror on the spectacle, none of them able to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair is that the men say that directly it passed one waggon it became invisible to those sit ting in the other cart. Thus it appeared to each woodcarter, one after the other. Although dressed in white, there appeared to be a yetiowish hue surrounding the figure. For four nights in succession, the ghost (or whatever it was) was seen, and the wood- carters became at last so afraid that when they are now going home with the empty drays, they all ride together. Had the story been related to us by one person only, few people would _ place any credence in it, but when half-a-dozen men emphatically relate the samo story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have, however, arranged to " pot " the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. We (Brisbane Courier) learn that Joseph Wells, now lying under sentence of death for shooting with intent during an attempt to rob the bank at Cunnamulla, has made a written statement to the authorities in which he implicates three other men as participants in his attempted rob bery. He also alleges that the robbery was first suggested to him by a man in busi ness in Castlereagh, New South Wales. He states that he and the others met by agree ment on the Queensland border, and there it was arranged among them that he (the prisoner) should go to Cunnamulla and rob the bank, that one of the others should meet him with fresh horses after the robbery, and that the remaining two should stay behind to blind the tracks. The prisoner denies having fired at Mr. Murphy, stating that he did not take any aim or see which way the revolver was pointing when he fired ; the weapon went off by accident, and had he desired to shoot Murphy he could easily have done so. Prisoner also points out that he saw the wounded man afterwards come out of the bank door, so that he could not have used the words which Sergeant Byrne in his evidence ascribed to him, " I have stuck up the Cunna mulla bank and I believe shot a man dead." The Bockhampton correspondent of the Brisbane Courier reports an extraordinary fatality which occurred on the Northern Bailway : — " On Wednesday, 18th February, a fine stalwart youth named John Dempsey, eighteen years of age, was proceeding to his father's cattle station, on the Mackenzie, and was hastening his movements on account of the threatening aspect of the weather. On Tuesday night he came to a flooded creek at Boolburra, and at the persuasion of Mrs. Duffy, stayed at her husband's house all night. About 10 o'clock next morning he got as far as Bone Creek, two miles and a half from Duaringa on the Bockhampton Bide. This creek was also up, and as hfl could not cross the railway bridge with his horse, he tied the latter up to examine where a crossing was practicable. After doing so he walked across the railway bridge to where a gang of five men were working about half a mile distant. Alter talking for half an hour Dempsey returned to the bridge, where he was seen walking about for nearly two hours. There is no direct evidence as to what oc curred immediately afterwards; but it is clear that he sat down on the bridge, beside the right line of rail from Bockhampton- Being wearied by his late exertions, added to the soporific influence of watching the move ments of the water, he went to sleep, falling across the line. The train from Rockhamp- ton came up near 1 o'clock, but although the driver, seeing the dark object, which he sup posed to be a goat, did his best to stop the train in time, he was unable to do so. The cow-catcher struck the man on the back of the head, dragging the body a few yards, which then got amongst the wheels, by which it. w&s; cut in two pieces across the Stomach, the trunk being thrown off into the creek, and the legs hanging to the hi®® 'gear bf the Engine tender. The trunk, falling into an eddy of the creek, was recovered, the remaining parts of the body were care fully collected. So violent had been the ac tion of the revolving machinery, that the body was perfectly naked, even the boots being wrenched off. The young man was perfectly sober. His bereaved family have he sympathy of the whole community. In an article dealing with the Victorian elections, the Hobart Town Mercury remarks : — " The news that Mr. Berry, as Premier of Victoria, will send in his resignation to-day will, we are convinced, be heard with satisfac tion. There were those who believed that the Ministry would retain office until ejected on a want of confidence motion, but Mr. Berry has acted a better part, and is following the example of Sir James M'Culloch in 1877, by vacating office as soon as he saw that there was an unmistakable majority against him. , This is the only honourable course which the bon. gentleman could take. The country has signified its disapproval of his reform scheme, but more especially, we opine, of the many extravagant and wholly unprecedented act of which he and his colleagues have been guilty during their two years and a half tenure of office, and there remains nothing but to give place to a Ministry which will represent the opinions . of electors. The rise and fall of Berryism will form a remarkable portion of the history of Victoria. It illustrates the fickleness of a democracy, and show how easy it is for vault ing ambition to o'erleap itself. Twelve months ago Mr. Berry was the idol of the people, and had he gone to the country then he would have been returned with a workable majority ; but the sins that he has accu mulated have recoiled on him with telling force. Black Wednesday, acts of nepotism almost innumerable, scandalous promotions, the embassy, and the extraordinary increase in the public expenditure, while the trade of the colony lias been gradually fleeing to other parts of Australia, have had precisely that result which lookers-on expected, and they, as we know, very often see more of the game than those who take part. . . . The game is played out ; Berryism is extinct ; and an opportunity is now afforded for the true Liberalism of the country to exert a beneficial sway. The colony has retrograded under the rule of the Berry Government, and it will re quire very wise statesmanship to bring it back to that high position which it held prior to the 11th of May, 1877." The Border Watch , in commenting on the general election, observes : — " Victoria may now breathe freely. Had the Berry party re turned to office there is no saying what the outcome of the dispute between the two Houses would have been. Their antece dents lead to the belief that they would have been no more reasonable in the future than in the past. They had rejected modef&te; measures and strove after what was revolu tionary and impracticable. They have kept the country in turmoil and unrest, sowed distrust, and paralysed enterprise. Then re-election would have meant a con tinuance of this. But the ballot-box has decreed a reversal — the people have emphatically said the country needs rest and a restoration of confidence. We congratulate our neighbours on the change they have made, and we have no doubt things will go better with them in consequence. They have voted for the known and the realisable in preference to the unknown, and what there is every reason to believe was un- realisable. They have taken Mr. Service with a plain, straightforward scheme of re form, which, there is reason to believe, how ever faulty, the Legislative Council will ac cept ; and they have rejected Mr. Berry, with' liis doubtful plebiscite and dangerous sixth clause, which it is well known the Council would not accept, and which the Home Go vernment would never venture to impose upon the country. The country has done well, and they have saved themselves from some years of barren political warfare, out of which they would have come certainly more battered and broken than now. Gately, the public flagellator, inflicted the punishment of the lash on five of the pri soners confined in Pentridge on Monday morn- meir names ana onences were as toi- j low : — Patrick Griffin, assault and robbery, I sentenced to four years and three whippings ' of twelve lashes ; J. Lawson Jones, assault and robbery, four years and three whippings of twelve lashes ; Thomas Jones, assault and : robbery, four years and three whippings of j twelve lashes ; Robert Coates, indecent a£- j sault, two years' hard labour and three whip- pings of twelve lashes ; W. Watkins, inde cent assault, twelve months and three flog gings of ten lashes. About half -past 8 o'clock on Sunday night, a fire broke out in Mr. A. Mellen's Railway Hotel, Rochester. The origin of the ih e was the accidental upsetting of a kerosene lamp in a bedroom occupied by the children, who were being put to bed at the time. As sistance was at once summoned, but the flames speedily extended to the lining of the room, which was at the south-west corner of house, and the wind being unfortunately from this quarter, it was soon apparent that the building, which was constructed of timber, was doomed to destruction. Constable Clarke and a body of energetic volunteers did all they could, but beyond saving a few articles of furniture, their efforts were quite unavail ing. Nothing could be done to arrest the progress of the fire, which, fanned by the breeze, spread with almost inconceivable ra pidity, and in little more than half an hour, the whole of the premises and nearly all the stock and furniture were destroyed. Under the circumstances (says the Riverine Hera ld ) it must be considered fortunate that the children and other inmates escaped without injury. Mr. Mellen was absent from Rochester at the time. We understand he is insured, but that the amount of the insurance will not nearly cover his loss. On the night of 11th February last, during Mr. Desehamps's absence in Melbourne, his house in Bray brook was entered, and a brooch, two pairs of earrings, and other pro perty amounting in value to about £6, besides £2 in cash, were stolen. From information received yesterday, Senior-constable Corbett and Mounted-constable Cawsey traced the robbery to a young girl named Eliza Holcroft, alias Braybrook Martha, and hearing of her whereabouts, started in pursuit last evening. They succeeded in arresting the prisoner on the Braybrook Plains, and recovering a portion of the property. A number of gentlemen met oil Thursday (says the Sydney Morning Herald) at the offices of Schmedes, Erbsloh, and Co., 26 O Connell street, for the purpose of testing tile success of an experiment in preserving meat with Januiseh's "Patent Conserve x Ti Cf' . raw meatJ packed" in this salt at Berlin, which has recently arrived was opened, and proved to be in splendid con dition , the meat had all the appearance of being fresh killed. One ox-tongue and a joint of roast beef had been cooked on Wed nesday ; no difference in taste from that of ordinary freshly killed butchers' meat could be detected, except that it was more tender. The remainder of the contents of the cask was then taken out, and every piece looked as fresh as though just cut from the bullock. This conserve salt is very pure, and com municates neither smell nor taste to any article which is subject to its power. Fruit, milk, butter, fish, and game can be preserved by this salt as easily and perfectly as meat ; the conserve salt is the same price as ordinary salt, and it promises to effect a revolution in the art of preserving provisions. Mr. Kaeppel, the Sydney representative of Schmedes, Erbsloh, and Co., will be most happy to afford all information and particu lars in connection with Jannisch's patent to any persons interested in the subject. The Glen Innes Examiner of 2nd Mamh re ports that a terrible fate overtook an unfor tunate young man, John Russell, and his team of five horses, on the morning of last Sunday. Russell was a carrier, and was re turning from Vegetable Creek with an empty dray. All seems to have gone well till within two miles of the scene of the catastrophe where, with another carrier named Little, who had accompanied him from the creek, Russell camped on Saturday night. At dawn of day on the morning of the acci dent, Little asserts he heard Russell whist ling, and looking out from the dray, saw him harnessing his horses. This was the last that was seen of deceased alive. About two hours later, Little essayed to cross a blind gully which crossed the road, but finding it much swollen, and consequently dangerous to cross, he wisely refrained from attempting it. In looking down the gully, he noticed something in the waterhole opposite Ranger's Valley which resembled rock, about fifty yards from the road, out which on closer in spection proved to be the dead carcases of horses with harness on. Then Russell's dog was found near the spot, and subsequently his hat. This was sufficient for Little, who concluded at once that a terrible accident had happened, and immediately informed Mr. Lamotte, superintendent of Ranger's Valley, who speedily sent word to Vege table Creek. Search was immediately in stituted, and the remains of the young fel low were found. It does not appear that any human eye witnessed the accident, and no one can say how it happened. The sup position, however, is that deceased drove the team in first — consisting of five horses, valued at £50 — and seeing it in danger, went to the rescue, when he was washed away. A most serious charge, or rather two serious charges, were preferred against a respectable young man named Robert Bagnall, at the City Police Court on Thursday. The prisoner was presented for having solicited alms, and also for carrying firearms at night. Mr. Edward Croker, the registrar of births, etc., at Richmond, stated that shortly after mid night on Thursday morning he was proceed ing up Queen street with a friend, when he : was accosted by the prisoner, who stated that 1 he had only landed at Adelaide on that : morning from the Chimborazo, since which time he had performed the extraordinary feat of walking from the capital of South Austra- lia to Melbourne. Mr. Croker's friend re- | lieved his immediate wants, but on the : prisoner demanding additional alms, Mr. Croker endeavoured to defain him. Bagnall j managed to get away, and in doing so | dropped fa revolver from-his clothing. After j a chase the prisoner was captured, and his pistol was subsequently lound in the middle of j the road opposite Messrs. Goldsbrough's store. Bagnall, in his defence, stated that he lost his purse in coming to town, and merely asked the prosecutor for a small amount to enable him to reach his home. The Bench decided to remand the accused, with a view to ascertaining the truth of Bagnall's statement, which certainly bore the impress of truth. The following tenders were announced as the lowest on Thursday at the board-room : — Extension of jetty, Loutit Bay, Mouat and Sinnett, £465 ;.new stable and forage store, police station, Oakleigh, H. Hart, £97 ; tank, fencing, and other works at court-house, Horsham, Lewis and Roberts, £330 ; repairs, etc., to court-house, Carngham, Henry Bell, jun., £21 14s. 6d. ; alterations and repairs police station, Buninyong, R. Rennie, £39 18s. ; additions police station, Durham Lead, William Fly, £110 ; additions police station, Sebastopol, Taylor and Ellis, £158 ; new fencing police paddock, Ballarat, R. Morrison, £82 18s. Jane Moore was accused at the City Court on Thursday of stealing a hat and a pair of boots and an albert chain from the person of a respectably-dressed man, who gave the name of Thomas Wilson. The case was rather an amusing one, owing to the ver dancy of the prosecutor. Mr. Wilson stated that early on Thursday morning, finding that he was ifther late in returning home, and dreading the just indignation of his land lady, who did not provide him with a latch key, he determined to camp out in the Trea sury Gardens. He stated that he had slept for about an hour, when he was aroused by feeling the prisoner pulling his coat off his back. He then found that he had been de nuded of his hat and boots. Wilson finding his boots were gone, placed the prisoner on the ground, and attempted forcibly to take his boots from her feet. The prisoner was then apprehended, and on being taken to the lock-up, Wilson's boots were found upon her feet. The old woman declared that she had been presented by Wilson with his boots, his alberLehain, and his hat, together with three pennypieces, which she declared had been given her by Wilson, she labouring under the impression that the coins were three half- crowns. The excuse was not considered sufficient by the Bench, and she was sent to gaol for a month, with hard labour. At the City Court on Thursday, a pair of incorrigibles, a woman named Mary Hegatty, : of masculine appearance, and about 5ft. lOin. in height, and Alexander M'Guinness, alias Jones, were charged, the former with insult- ing behaviour, and the latter with resisting the police. The case Was one of the ordinary character, and would not have called for notice but for the fact that the female prisoner, some ten years since, wasimplicated in the murder of a female companion of hers in the swamp on the south side of Prince's Bridge. Hegarty was at the time arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the assassina tion, but no direct evidence being forth coming, she, together with a seaman, who was likewise supposed to be connected with the outrage, was discharged. No fewer than eighteen previous convictions were proved against the prisoners, ranging from drunken ness to assault and robbery and house breaking. Both of the accused, who were each of them most repulsive-looking objects, were sent to gaol for three months, with hard labour. A very narrow escape (says the Horsham Times) from a shocking and fearful death, which was averted by the courage and pluck of the little heroine of the adventure, occurred to one of Mr. R. Clark's children, at Wawunna Park, on Sunday morning last. The family were at church, the little girl Agnes, aged twelve years, being left at home with some of her little brothers and sisters, who were suffering from the prevalent com plaint of sore eyes. During the absence of the servants she visited the kitchen, and, in cautiously standing too near the fire, her light clothes became ignited and blazed up. Two of the children who were with her rushed out screaming, but the little girl, with presence of mind much beyond her years, clasped her garments tightly, and, unaided, extinguished the flames before assistance arrived. In doing this her hand was slightly burned, which was all the injury she received. The narrowness of the escape may be imagined when we say that the child's dress and skirts were burned, back and front, almost to a cinder. One of those awfully sudden deaths (says the Daylesford Advocate) that fall with severe force upon small communities in which the victim is well known, occurred here shortly after midday on Wednesday. Mr. Henry Senior Hilton, who was one of the early resi dents of the borough, and one of the founders of this journal, expired suddenly when about to partake of his midday meal yesterday. The unfortunate gentleman had been en gaged in his duties as usual during the morn ing, and never appeared in better health. Naturally of a light-hearted and jovial disposi tion, he was in even better spirits than usual. Mr. Hilton left this office a few minutes after < 1 o'clock, and, when he reached his home, took his seat at the table, holding a conversation meanwhile with Mrs. Hilton. He called his little daughter to him and bent over towards her, when he gave a gasp as if suffering from a sudden pain, and never raised his head again. Medical assistance was promptly obtained, but it was of no avail, for the vital spark had fled. The sad occurrence caused a feeling of profound sorrow when it became known, for the deceased gentleman was highly and de servedly respected. Mr. Hilton arrived here , in the year 1855, and took part in bringing out the first newspaper published in the borough. Since then he has been, with a short interruption, connected with the local Press. 