TUB Argus, i£ ire may judge from its leading article of yesterday, is a far more egregious fool than we ever took it to be, and if this is not tlie case, then it must regard the ordinary capacity of the people of tlie colony to be closely allied to that o£ lunatics, at least we should presume so, if it thinks they wi!l accept the m isstatements and absurdities appearing m its Monday's isBue. According to our contem. porary, it would appear as if the events of the last few days lis^d aroused the intelligent portion of xhe community to the gravity of the crisis through which the colony is passing. What those events are it leaves to the conjecture " of the intelligent of the community." Has there been any change in the phases of the moon? Surely it never means to imply that the "gravity of the crisis'" depends upon a few hole and corner meetings which have been held in some of the country districts bv certain wire pullers, always to be found hanging on with the tenacity of grim death itself, to the Ministerial skirts, and who reasonably enough expect to be regarded for their patriotic exertions by the (offer of place and pay. The sublime innocence of the Argus is so exceedingly "childlike and bland," so provofcinglyamusing ts Jo inspire a desire within tha breast <if having an opportuni' v of exatmnin:;iiie uhreno* logical doviopmenl of the writer's cranium. We are solemnly informed in pompous and stately language, almost equal to Gibbon's Decline and Fall—as rendered by .Silas Wegg to tlie golden Dustman—that the leaders of the great party—that is the Service mob—have scarcely, taken off iheir armour before ther are a jaui called upon to take the field. Theu. we are told of " the victory which crowned;" "the contested struggle of February;" "the decisive effect," and similar sham, bosh,andflunkyism,all culminating "so as to give the land, for a year at least, the blessing of peace," The Argus has always been so preeminenilr distinguished as a Missionary whose evangel was peace ; as the dove with the olive branch in its mouth, that we caunot resist the temptation of listening " to its rhapsody of words" as false as dicers'oaths", " of treacherr," and of the new campaign' all th^se purases carefully selected from the article in question, sound Tery strangely from an ambassador of peace. One would suppose from the former part of the article, now under renew, that those leaders of the Conservative party, Mr Service and Mr Francis, had' been en gaged in a long and bloody struggle, which had resulted in the achievement of a brilliant victory worthy of being immortalized by some " blind Homer," and, so complete bad. been the overthro w of theLiberal party, thatfor some time to come it would be utterly impossible for it to make a sign. Now, what can any on3 of ordinary peiception,—and with a mind unbiassed by political feeling—think of this heroic rhodomontade ? When one takes into consideration that instead of a battle* field, armour, valour, victory, and the curses and execrations of the vanquished, that the particulars of a " certain little arrangement," as detailed by Sir John O'Shanassy from his place in Parliament ; but like that "Of Cambusean bold, but left half-told," are very vividly brought to mind, and that it was the " arrangement" in question, which, to our min de, suggests more of political trickery, treachery, and moral cowardice, than " a iair field and no favor," that eventuated in the overthrow of the Berry Administration. If these things, were so, then " there is but one step from the eubliflie to the ridiculous." A very great deal has been said and written as to the causes which operated in favor of the return of the party now in power, and, of these, there can be no doubt that plural voting was a factor that greatly assisted in the return of the Service Ministry; but, wuaterer allowance may be made for this influence—and there can be no question but that the law in this respect should be considerably modified —the simple unadulterated truth is, that the present Ministry were re« turned to power by the act of a potent agency that exercises a powerful in<fluence in the commonwealth; an in» fltience far more decisive and telling than plurality of voting. And we confidently predict that if a dissolution of Parliament were to take place to-morrow, the same influence that put the Ministry in would as certainly put them oat, These are facts which are well known to those who are the most deeply interested, end, as the Ministry, recognising their importance; ^Rt^plitłcąl itiferptgjcpd upon.the issue of their Reform bill— which is not endorsed by the country notwithstanding that the Conservative journals have been- engaged, trumpet in proclaiming that it is— "thus we'can readily account for their anxiety in having public meetings held all over the colony, Hence it follows there has been such a placatiug óf certain" h'oriT members ; "aucT of Ministerial visits to country districts supposed to be favorably disposed towards them. Why should the^e . be such a moving, of heaven and earth? Why such a calling - of deep unto "deep ? Simply because " drowning men clutch at'straws," and that if the Government were togo to the'Country they would be defeated^ -They have made use of the threat of dissolution in the House, fondly hoping to induce certain waverers to - vote " straight", on this question of - Reform ; but we assert it. -is the Ministry, alone, who are afraid to face the Country. It is with the hope o£-preventingsuch a catastrophe, to themselves, that we are to have a public meeting, at the Mechanics' Institute, on Thursday nest, when theppeeehes will, as a matter of : course, be very eulogistic of this schemeof Beform— which isto remedy all the ills that flesh is heir to, " and create new heavens and a new earth." A football match was played on the Kyneton Race Course, on Saturday la£t, between the Malmsbury and Kyneton ClubSj Kynetoo scoring (10) goals, kicked by Flynn, {3) E. Herring- (2), S. Herring, (1), Cook, (1), Manson, (1), Thomson, (1) Bobbie, {1). Malmsbury not scoring a single behind. Leech, Croft, and Birkin, played well for Kyneton, Buggle, Dр and Taylor played well for Malmsbury. For some time the Independent Church, Kyneton, has not had the benefit of the stated services of a pastor, the Rev. J. Spaven, who lias been preaching at the Victoria Parade Chapel, Melbourne, and who has earned'the reputation of being a preacher of more than ordinary ability, accepted the pastorship of the • church, conditionally, illhealth, we believe, was the reason why the Rev. gentleman was unable, unreservedly, to accept the charge, but as it has been announced that he will preach in Kyneton, nest Sunday it is likely that Mr Spavin's determination will be speedily known Yesterday afternoon Sirs Hare of Mitchell-street, at the rear of Cock's brewery, was the subject of a very serious accident. It appears that while Mrs Hare was passing through the passage of her house her foot tripped, by some means, and she fell forward striking her forehead with great violence against the sharp edge of $ board, which produced an ugly and seri ous wound extending along the front of the forehead, and which, bled most profusely. A .messenger was immediately despatched for I)r Łangford, but as that gentleman was away from home, application was made to the resident surgeon of the Hospital, who immediately sewed up tlie wound and did all that was necessary under the circumstances. At the meeting of the Shire Council on Saturday last, Cr Castles, introduced the subject of the proposed line of railway to Heathcote, and said he thought it would be as well for the Council to see if they could get a survey for the same, as he was under the impression that a railway from Kyneton to Heathcote, would prove to be very advantageous to all parties concerned. He also mentioned that it would pas3 through an exceedingly fertile part of the country, embracing Glenhope. Metcalfe, Pemberly and Bedesdale. Cr W. Thomson also supported the proposi tion, and suggested that if the Council cuuld obtain the co-operation of the Borough of Malmsbury and of the Shire of Metcalfe, it would be advisable, motion requesting the Minister of Railways to sanction such a survey, was thereupon duly tabled and carried, the suggestion of Cr Thomson being also adopted. As we have heard so much of the unwillingness of the late Government to advance the interests of Kyneton, we shall await the result of the application j ^tLTmraTrie^rnd"seetng"tharth« I >— *— — ..r Lands, and pledged himself to do alj that he could for Kyneton ; and that the member for the Boroughs is also a supporter of the present Ministry, Kyiieton should certainly have a show upon the occasion. ' As this is not a political matter, but one in which every one connected with the district is more or lessinterested, we would suggest, as both these gentlemen are likely to take a part in the meeting, at the Mechanics'Institute, on Thursday, that an influential deputation be ap. pointed to wait upon them, and advocate the claims of the proposition. Mr Eugene Gregory, the Inspector of Weights aud Measures, will have another batch of cases for various infringements of the Bakers'andMillers'Statute, during the next week. On Monday there will be three cases at the Malmsbury police court and six at Woodend ; comprising one from Springfield, two from Newham, one from liesket, and two from the township. This day week at Kyneton, there will be no less than seven cases, some of which will be a third appearance of the parties in -question. In the performance of this necessary but nnpleasant duly we are informed that the Inspector has sustained a great loss, pecuniarily, and, asa casein point, it was generally supposed that the costs he was ordered to pay at Malmsbury would be £2 2a, it was so reported by the press, and so understood by the persons in court, but tiie Inspector informs us that a demand óf £3 3s is now made upon him. Under these circumstances we believe it is the intention of some of those who look upon Mr Gregory as a public "benefactor, to make a subscription to recompense him for the loss he has sustained in the impartial performance of a public duty. For some time past an old lady of eccentric habits has been playing the rale of a ghost in the neighborhood of the Borough of Malmsbury, by the assumption of various protean disguises, and has thereby caused some alarm to passers by in lonely places after dark, by her. unexpected appearances " dressed in white raiment." For a long while the matter was shrouded in mystery, but recently j solved by a young man who boldly seized the supposed ghost and ascertained who it was. It appears that the lady is one who can truthfully ask " Canst thoo minister to a mind diseased $" And is perfectly łn.rml«« So that what was at first supposed to be the freak of some person " on mischief bent," turns out to be a .case in which hardly any one likes to interfere, although calculated to cause alarm. We have been requested to draw, attention to the matter, as one that concerns the public. There will be a meeting at Springfield this - e'veninsr, to arrange about the annual ploughing match. At Saturday's meeting, the Kyneton Shire Council declined, for the present,- to become subscribers, as s. public body,' to the Melbourne Exchange. On Sat-urdaya resolution was_ the metting o£ ,tlie Shire Council by Cc Hogan seconded' by Cr Lyon and carried that a sum of £220 he expended in effecting various necessary improvements in cutting and making anew the road on Davidson 'aud^JMorfiliet's hill,Son Keogh. and Brink s hill and also on Murphy's hill in the Tylden and Trentham riding. What „isto . be done with the -fire, engine ? was a question that intruded itself for consideration at the'meeting Of the Kyneton Oouucillots On Saturday last. No one going up and down Piper-street, would think that dilapidated looking piece of mechanician! "iexpoBed there would be of,much practical service in extinguishing a fire, there,is one consolation,{however, if! the weather continues as wet]asit has hitherto done through the winter, the services of the engine are not likely to be required. Cr Castles said it was decided some time since that its condition should be reported upon, but the " expert" selected; was not up to the " arrangement," a decision was eventually arrived at that .same-competent person be employed to ascertain if the engine was worth repairing, and if not, that it be disposed oŁ Cr Menzies. gave it a good character if it were repaired, and another, not a councillor—suggested that it might be useful Woodend way. At the Woodend Police Court yesterday, there were but two cases awaiting the decision of the magistrates, a debt case, John O'Leary v. Alfred Mayfield for goods sold and delivered, amounting to £19 19s lid, and a fraud summons calling upon Stephen Dafter- to show cause why. he had not complied with an order of the Court for the payment af £5 12s Gd, but -owing to , tbeir .only being one magistrate in attendance, J. Gilchrist Esq. was necessary to' postpone the .hearingof both cases till next court day. It will be seen from our report of the Malmsbury police, that Mr Taylor was " on a -rail," in -other words he was detained in the hearing of a long case about posts and rails, which entirely precluded him from putting in an appearance at Woodend, as he otherwise would have done, and as is his wont. Mr Justice Lutwyche, of Brisbane' Queensland, who recently obtained a month's leave of absence on account of ill-health, died ae seven o'clock on Saturday morning. His death was not anticipated up to the previous evening. Mr Jacabs, solicitor, of Adelaide, acting on behalf ot Mr W. F. Stock, a steward of the Adelaide Racing Club. • has obtained an order staving further proceedings in the action brought by iMr Loughlin for declaring Banter the winner of the Birthday Cup, until the latter gives security for costs. An amusing instance of the reluctance of Chinamen to part with money was shown at the Emerald«hill court on Saturday. One ofthese frugal gentry was charged with hawking fish without a licence. Mr Daly, for the prosecution^ stated that it was conducted under a clause of the act rendering the minimum penalty £5 ; but that being the first case of the kind brought before the court, the charge would not be pressed if defendant paid the^costs, amounting to £3. "John," through the interpreter, said he hail only £2; 1 Mr Daly said that would not do, and was proceeding to call evidence, when defendant eagerly jabbered out that he would pay the other £1 by-and-by. Mr Daly, however, ordered his first witness into the box, when John promised the money next day. The solicitor was relentless/and was about to have his witness sworn when John cried out, " To day ; dis day." "Go on,"said Mr Daly ; the witness was sworn, and commenced, " I bought fishS^nd paid Is. to " " One minute," cried John, " jes wanne moment." There was a pause. He rushed out, and the £3 was in a twinkling placed in the hands of Mr Daly, who at*onee recalled his witness, amidst the suppressed laughter of a crowded court. The news of the death of Sergeant Fawsett, was received in Sandhurst on Saturday. The deceased received severe injuries by the upsetting of the coach in which he was travelling from Kerang to Swan Hill, about five weeks ago. One of his legs was broken in such a manner that amputation was rendered necessary. Since then he remained in a very precarious condition at Cullen's Hotel, Kerang. Mortification set in during last week, and all hopes of his final recovery' had to be abandoned. The unfortunate sergeant lingered on until five o'clock on Saturday morning, when he expired. The deceased officer was, for over a period of .20 years, connected with the police service in this colony, and was much respected by all who knew him. He leaves a widow-and family to mourn his loss. A magisterial inquiry was held at Kerang on Saturday afternoon and (we learn by telegram) a verdict of accidental death was returned. 