THE DREAM BEFORE THE CONTEST. THE Premier was uneasy in his mind. Dread forebodings troubled his mind and dark shadows haunted his hours of rest. From Melbourne to Geelong, from Geelong to Ararat, from Ararat to Stawell he flitted in the vain hope of drowning his dismal thoughts in the intoxication of excitement. But black care who sits behind the horseman followed Mr. Berry on the rail, despite the dangers of Woods's continuous safety brake. PI unge into excitement as Mr. Berry might, prance as he only could, whirl along with all the speed of which a special train is oapable, he could not fly from himself. The night would oome, and he would be alone seeking rest and finding none. Finding that his travelling and excitement were powerless to allay the demon of despair that haunted him, he retired to the peace and solitude of Geelong and strove to find there that rest which elsewhere he had sought in vain. One evening after he had read family prayers and affectionately kissed the many relatives whom he had unselfishly quartered on the public purse, he retired to his study to think out the new one thousand and first scheme of reform which he proposed submitting to the country. But it was'in vain that he attempted to bend his gigantic energies to the task. Nominees, sixth clauses, and plebiskites floated before his wearied eyes in strange and inextricable confusion. Tired and exhausted in his fruitless endeavours to evolve something real, sensible, and praotical from the tangled threads before him, he allowed his head to sink gradually forward upon his breast, and presently he slept the troubled slumber of the conscience-stricken dreamer. One by one the shadows of the past rose up before • him and accused him as he writhed in his sleep. There stood Black Wednesday with its black list of crime, and catalogue of innocent sufferers. The families ruined, the hopeless men driven in the abjeotness of despair to commit suicide, the ghosts of the murdered Abcott, Butler, and Beynell, pointed with shadowy fingers to the starving widows and children, the blackened hearths and the desolate homes. " I know," groaned the sleeping man, " I did it, but I was forced into it by the fierce political necessity of keeping power for my party and pay for myself." The victims of the stock tax next passed before him; the men whose living had been taken from them by the stoppage of the Meat Preserving Industry were followed in quick succession by those whom the red-gum and wattle bark taxes had ruined, and as each shadowy figure passed before his view it muttered in the sleeper's ear:— " This is thy work!" The farmer staggering under his burden of taxation, the workingman seeking in vain for labour in a land where labour had hitherto been plentiful appeared to accuse their destroyer. The sleeping Premier writhed m his chair, and huge drops of perspiration stood upon his forehead as those ghosts swept like a cold breeze past him and whispered— " This is the result of thy Ministry's legislation in this happy land." The Catholics-pointed to the solemn promises which he had given and broken. The working-man sought in vain the paradise which the Premier had promised, and looked longingly after the capital which had been banished to other lands. The spectres crowded round Berry's shrinking form, and, pointing their ghostly fingers at him, hissed out— " All this is thy work. We have been betrayed and ruined that you and yours might satisfy your accursed greed for gold. We have starved that you might batten by political agitation. But your political career is at end. The Ides of March are at hand. On the election day think of us and of the ruin you have brought upon us. Let our miseries weigh heavy upon you, shameless impostor. Selfseeking, trading politician, despair and die 1" - to The grin spectres with fiendish faded glee away upon all the but Premier, one, a, dark shadow, that seemed " I am the spirit of that ill-fated Embassy to England," cried the black ghost. " I am the incubus that you will be unable to shake off. I am the worst spectre of the lot, for I have let the working-man see what a greedy all-grasping never-satiated maw you have. Broken promises and increased taxation you might have possibly explained away. You might have continued to feather your nest and the nests of your relatives. You might have gone on gulling the working-man—but for me, the spirit of Hie Embassy. You received the oash for three and only two went. Even Mirams's figurescan't alter the division of £5000. The working-man can work out that little sum, and next Saturday you -will find how dearly you have paid for that unexpended balance of the Embassy money. Adieu ! Adieu ! Adieu I Remember me," " Stay, you imperfect speaker, tell me more !" cried the Premier, starting from his slumber and gazing with fixed eyes at where he fancied he saw the apparition. " I will," cried the spectre pointing to the side of the room. The gaze of the awe-struck Premier followed the direction of the ghostly finger, and there in letters of flre he read "the writing on the wall." GENERAL ELECTION OF 1880. Candidates returned for Berry ... ... ... 37 Candidates returned against Berry ... ... ... 49 Majority against Berry ... ... ... ... 12 "'Tis falsel" screamed the Premier—" 'Tis a vile Conservative unscrupulous slan ." But the black spectre had vanished, and the Premier fell in a faint upon the floor. When he came to and picked himself up, his firstimpression was that burglars had been visiting the house. He rushed to his private cabinet and took out his cash box. The unexpended balance of the Embassy money was quite safe, and with a sigh of relief the Premier muttered to himself, " Thank heaven, it was but a dream after all S" Whether it was merely this and nothing more, the world will have an opportunity of judging when the numbers go up for the New Parliament of 1880. 