Titf, English journals whicli havo been in such a hurry to welcome the defeat of the Borry Qovenimont ' at tho general election, on tho strength of the necessarily scrappy information tele graphed to them by its opponents will probably see reason to moderate their transports when thoy learn exactly by what means its defeat was brought about. There aro two disturb ing dements in this colony, which al ways make tho appraisement of public opinion on a purely political issue a matter of great and almost insuperable difficulty. Tho Catholic vote is one, and the plural vote is the other. - On tho present occasion both those votes wero worked against the Liberal party, 'i'ho pluralist is ex vi termini an anti-demo- crafc. He is a man who has accumulated wealth )y the use of agencies that are deadly opposed to the spirit of libe ral legislation, and he uses die privileges which his wealth gives him to frustrate Liberal principles wherever they show themselves. At no election has ho worked more conspicuously in the inte rests of bus faction than at that which took place last Saturday. Jt is not too much to say that six important seats are known to have been carried in favor of Conservatism by his aid — 'namely, St. Kilda, Richmond, East Melbourne, West Melbourne, West Bourke and Morning- ton. At West Bourke tho Liberal can didate was defeated by thirteen votes only, and four of these were given by a notorious plutocrat who travtelled to tho poll with his sons all tho way from liis suburban retreat in order to record them, lumbers followed his example from other suburbs, and in the case of Morn- ington wo can readily form an idea what the effect was when we ray that one steamer alone carried down a batch of a hundred and fifty to swell the plural vote. -If we add to, this the usual bribery and intimidation which enter so largely into tho electioneering resources of tho wealthy classes, wo may derive omo fair notion of the real value, or ' rather valuolessness, of the figures which are being paraded abroad as-evidence of the strength of tho Conservative re action in Victoria. In point of fact, the figures, in spite of Conservative machina tions, show that tho balance of public opinien is in favor of tho Liberal cause, for out of 1 99,000 votes on the roll, the Opposition claim only 61,000. If we deduct, from these tho number of pluralists who went.to the poll three or four times — and one pluralist that we could mention had no fewer than twenty- six votes— tho result wniuld leave but little to boast of. Quito as important tu factor in the temporary triumph of the Opposition was the Catholic vote. For weeks bo- fore the election took place the spiritual representatives of the Roman Catholic Church in Victoria have boon doing the work of electioneering agents. The cn- troatiesand threatswhieh werefreely made use of in tho course of tho doniiciliary visjts from house to house werp fortitied by the language addressed to tho flocks from the foot of the altar, and in the, episcopal pastorals. Shut rip," cried Arch-Priest O'Mearaj at St. Mary's, to an unfortunate Catholic who only asked to be allowed to vote according to his con science. " Let all good Catholics vote " for a Protestant rather than 1 for a " Catholic who will not pledge himself to amend the Education Act," was the order of the Bishop of Ballanit. At Ceelong, a circular was issued by Dean Slattery conceived in this spirit, in which the name of a Catholic candidate ap peared with tho pen drawn through it t!or the guidance of the electors. Tho resnlt of this spiritual dictatorship was that several prominent Catholics lost their seats, and 'among them the Attorney- General, who fell a victim to pluralism and Romanism combined. Nevertheless, with all their arts and exertions, the Op position will meet Parliament with a nominal majority of ten ; and already some of their journals are discovering that among these ten aro men who are rather Liberals than Conservatives, and who will certainly not vote for Mr. Service's reform scheme unless it is con siderably modified and made to include the referendum to tho people as a last resort. \Y<s have taken an opportunity of pointing nut elsewhere, ns a highly noteworthy feature, tho extraordinary effect which the progress of Libe ral principles during the last three years has had upon the stanchcst advocates of Conservatism. Even tho old fogies of tho party, who scorned to bo hopelessly fossilised and immovable, have felt tho influence of the onward movement, aijd tho party which a few j years ago denounced tho Norwegian scheme a's revolutionary and un-English I are the loudest in recommending it. That it will ever become law in tho new shape in which Mr. Service proposed it, namely, in conjunction with the doublo dissolution and tho increase in the num ber of members of the Upper House, is j not to be thought of for a moment. The I Liberal party is still numerically as j strong as ever it was in tho country, j and its recent defeat will warm rather j than cool its enthusiasm. Its leaders havo j shown themselves sadly wmiting in that : kind of tact which is the essence of states- manship, and without which no party \ can be kept together in an efficient state of organisation in the face of a wealthy, computet and unscrupulous junto. When they havo recovered themselves from their discomfiture, we may ex pect to fipd tliat the lessons of tho past three years vyill not have ' been thrown array upon them, and that they will re alise tho fact that earnestness is quite consistent with tho absence of rhe torical cxtravaganco, and that it is not neccessary to create un due heat and frictioft between class and class in order to rouse tho democracy of tho country to a sense of the danger that threatens it by the growth of land lordism in its worst shape, and by the ascendancy of an Upper Chamber in the legislature which has steadily rejected every proposal for making wealth piny its fair contribution to tho revenuo. No doubt a cortain amount of missionary fervor is pardonablo in a Government that has to educate its party from the platform; but its party is now thoroughly soized of the idea that was presented to it by so many Liberal orators during tho lust three years ; and when power comes to it again, as come it must at no very dis.tant date, wo may hope that all Th' extravagancy And crazy riteldry of fancy will bo left to the Conservatives, who have led the world to boliove that tho late Ministry wero a band of commu nists intent ffpon annulling the social contract, confiscating their neighbors' lives and property, and reducing every thing to chaos, out of which tho wisdom and virtuo of Mr. Bent and his colleagues can alono redeem it. We have already pointed out that the aggregate number of Liberal electors on the roll shows apositiveiucrease, although plural voting and tho Catholic voto havo inflicted, a damaging defeat on the party. Wo may notice another consolatory fact, that tho Conservatives of 1880 use Jau- guago, and profess views which they themselves denounced savagely only six or eight years ago. It takes a good deal of dogged hard work to hammer first principles into the Conservative head, but tliree years' exclusion from office has dono for them what simplo reason would never havo effected. Let' us look first to the Norwegian scheme, which Mr. Service lias again brought into promi nence. Mr. Joseph Jones said of that measure : — " It will ' certainly bring " upon us unknown ovils, which no one " can conceive, and known evilB which "no one can foresee." Mr. Murray Smith said " The result of any such " measure would bo that it" would " tend to lessen, probably 'ultimately " destroy that sense of responsibility " and. feeling of independence in the " Legislative Council which must, in " iill assemblies, ho the best guarantee " for tho useful consideration of public " moasurcsv" Dr. Madden stated that he warmly admired all the, members of the Francis Government, .but could not vote for their. bill, as all its elements pointed to tho conclusion that it was intended to destroy the independence of the Council. Mr. Bent, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Levion and Mr. Young joined in voting against tho bill ; and Mr. M'Intyre, who was riot then in the House, denounced it to tho electors of Sandhurst as " an " abortive sham-" All theso gentlemen are now pledged to support Mr. Service for tho very measure they abused so vigorously in 1874. At that time the plebiscite was not before the country ; and The Age supported Mr. Francis's proposal ns a reasonable solution of existing difficulties, while it carefully limited its advocacy, to assorting that the Norwegian scheme was the best before the country and tho best practicable, though not tho host con ceivable. Our readers are aware that tho question of reform has made great strides since then. The Council lias lost ground by its frantic folly in 1877, and tho proposal of the plebiscite lias enabled all moderate men to see not only that the people aro the ultimate courfi of appeal by theory, but that they may easily be made so in practice. The Con servatives now cl u tell at the Norwegian scliemo like a drowning sailor at a plank. This, at least, will keep tho de cision of all issues within the four walls of Parliament House, instead of refer ring them to manhood, suffrage. This will enable wealth to turn the scale in a close contest between parties, by buying over some renegade who will profess to have forsaken his principles in the in terests of peace. Tho prospect is not a pleasant one, but >vo may still say, as we said in 187-1, .that tho Norwegian sehemo, as Mr. Francis introduced it, is a great deal bettor than nothing. Had it bccomo law in JS74, we might easily 'have abolislied plural voting in the last Parliament. Throe years ago tliero existed an organisation called the Free-trade Leagno, which was able to spend money freely, .and to interfere effectively in elections. The leading spirits of this association professed to regard tariff re form as the one real issue before the country, and from time to time made speeches or issued pamphlets. in which they denounced anyone who dared to regard constitutional reform or the land question ns more important considera tions. With the passing of Mr. Berry's land tax the Free-trade League showed evident signs of collapse, and when tho : question of Council reform camo on- it gave up tho ghost altogether, and was succeeded by the Constitutional Associa tion. It is amusing to look now at tho election utterances , of the most prominent free-traders in the As sembly, and to see how wonderfully: thej' have toned down. Mr. Murray Smith, the extinguisher, now roars as gently as any sucking dove, and thinks' protection "far too important, far too " largely bound up with all the great in- " torests of tho country to be rashly laid hands on. Mr. Zox " has no desire '< at the present moment to interfere " with tho fiscal policy of tho eoun- " try." Even Sir. John O'Shanassy " would not interfero with pro- " taction affecting existing industries;" and the smaller fry of tho party, Messrs. Androws, S. Fraser, Levien, M'Intyre and Sir Charlo3 MacMahon, of course follow suit in the samo direction. Free-trade seems likely to be thcNiobe of nations, weeping over her lost children ; though, in this case, they are only un natural wretches who have deserted their mother. Surely some of them will' explain how it is that tho great idea of cheap calico — the only principle, as we wore constantly told, for which rational men could live or die— has dis appeared altogether from the Conserva tive programme. Education is another matter on which the Conservative party show signs of a change for the better. There are not many mombcrs now left in the House who voted on the Educa tion Act in 1872, but among those who remain wo notice that Mr. Bent and Mr. j Robertson, who opposed tho act then, aro now in favor of it; that Mr. Joseph Jones, who spoke, strongly against it when it was first brought forward, and advocated payment by results three months ago, is now recorded as an un conditional supporter ; while Mr. Duffy and Mr. Levien appear to have escaped answering the question. Mr. Harper is the only shuffler left, upon this question, and his statement that he " would adopt " any system that would obtain for tho " children an unsectarian Christian edu- " cation without giving any undue ad- " vantage to any sect," was undoubtedly meant to catch tho Catholic voto, while it leaves him free to say at any timo that tho particular plan' proposed is not satisfactory. On tho whole Liberals need not des pair. It has boon said that the course of progross is by zig- zags, and wo must not complain if our sun seems to bo stand ing still, when the only cause of delay is that men who wore hopelessly behind aro falling into lino, H Conservatives havo nccepted tho Norwogian scheme, thoro is no reason why tlicy should not come in time to accept tho plebiscite. ' If thoy havo buried the hatchet of free-trade, and intend really to support our State school system, wo shall not havo to contend in ' future with tho bitter hostility of Flindors-lano im porters and of ihe Catholic priests. Wo shall only have ono set of men in office instead of another ; and though tho measures of the new mcu may re quire moro careful watching than those of their predecessors, ah Opposition which numbers two-fifths of tho House ought tb bo able to save tho country from any serious calamity. 