HELEN OF TYRE. By Henry W. Lon«fklmw. What phantom is this that appears Through (h® tortte of, the years, Itself but aimisi-like these ? A woman of eloud and of fire!; It is ehe : it is Helen of Tyre, The town, ip the midst of the seas 6 Tyre! to thy crowded streets The phantom appears and retreats, « \- And the Israelites, that sell Thy lilies and lions ef brass, ' Loek up, aa.thsy sea her pass, Aiid murmur "Jezebel !" Then another phantom is seen. ', At her mde/to'a grey gabardine, 7 With beard; that floats to his'Wsist ; It is Simon Magus, the Seer ; ' ' He speaks, and she pauses to hear The words he utters to haste. He says : "From, this evil fame, From this life' of sorrow and shame . I will lift the?, and make thee mine! Thau hast been Queen Gandace, And Helen of Troy, and ahalt be The Intelligence Divine !" Oh, sweet as the breath of mom, - To the fallen and forlorn, Are whispered words of praise ; For the famished heart believes The falsehood that tempte and deceives, \- And the promise that betrays. So she follows from land to land The wizard's beckoning hand, As a leaf is blown by the gust, ' Till she vanishes into night ! O reader, stoop down and write With thy finger to the dust. O town to the midst of the seas, > With thy rafts of cedar frees, Thy merchandise ahd thy ships, Thou, too, art become as naught, A phantom, a shadow, a thought, A name upon men's lips! A Highland Ghost Story.— Mrs. Grant, of Laggan, records the f ollowing toeident on the authority of the minister whe related it to her". Hejwas accustomed, she informs us, "to go forth, and meditate at even; and tins solitary walk ho always directed to his churchyard, which was siiuated m a shaded spot, on the banks' of a river. There,. to a dusky October evening, he took his wonted path, and lingered, leamng. on the church yard wail, till it became twilight, when he saw two small lights rite from a spot within, where there was ne stone nor memorial of any kind. He observed the coarse these , lights took, end tew them cross the river and stop at an opposite hsahlet. Presently they returned, accompanied by a larger ..light, which moved on between them till they ar- rived at the place from which the first two -set out, when all three teemed to rink into the earth together. The good man went into the churehyard and threw a few stones ou the spot where the lights disappeared. - Next morning ka walked out early, called for the sexton, and showed him the plaoe, asking him'1" if he remembered who . was buried there. The man said that, many years ago, he re membered burying in that spot two young . children,, belonging to a blacksmith on the opposite ride of the river, who was now a very .eld man. The pastor returned, and was scarce sat down to breakfast, when a message came to hurry him to come over to pray with the smith, who had been suddenly teken ill, and died text day." — The Leisure Sour. .. !- . 