MIR. SMIT[L'S ITEM. He came into the office, and drawing up J a chair close to a reporter's table he said to the reporter: " Take a bit of paper and I'll give you a good item." When the reporter was ready the visitor began: "Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Smith-my wife, you know-and my daughter drove out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving ,he mare. coming down from Mount Airy to Wissahicken, when, just below the crest of the hill, she kicked off one of her shoes. " Jenny did ?" "No; the mare. Mrs. Smith, however, concluded. to go on, as the roads were soft and the mare quiet; so Jelniy let her' pro ceed slowly down the hill." " Let Mrs. Smith or the mare ?" SThe mare of course.' A few minutes later, however. while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose." aUpon Jenny's nose or her mother's ?" 'INo no ! The mare's nose; bit the mero upon the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to get back into.the .carriage, before. she began to rear and plunge in a most alarm- I ing manner." " Not Jenny ?" Oh, pshaw, the animal the mare. Mrs Smith, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed excited, 91e1 began to scream violently and to try to get out of the carriage." " Tht, mare did?" "Mrs. Smith. But Jenny told her she could manage the mare it she would sit still." " If the mare would sit still-" " If her mother would sit still ; but just then a buckle broke and Jenny was unall to prevent the mare from dlashing dawn the hill at a frightful pace. When tlhy cmore to the bridge, Mrs. Smith was overjoyed to observe the mare comen to a dead stop ; but unhappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck her, and-" SStruck Mrs. Smith, or the-" "Don't you undlerstand ? Struck the mare and before Jenny could comlnrellend thIe situation she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain sort of way. whmil Mrs. Smith was completely unnerved and without self-control, and the next Immoment lshe turned an enotire somoersault over the side of the bridge into, the water." "A\re you referring to Mrs. Smith or Jenny or the mare ?" " Why,. the mare! Of course, she dragged the carriage in wi.h her, and Mrs. Smith in it. All Ahree sank to the bottom, but the mare almnost irummeliately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swam past Mls Sm ith, Mrs. Smith clutched at-her dress-" " Not the mare's dress ?" " At Jenny's dress, and this forced her to loose her hold upon the.tail.' " I thought you said Jenny had hold of the tail, tbt Mrs. Smith." " So I did. Mrs. Smith had lihld iof the -the-I mean, yeo,. Jenny had huld of the mare's tail, and Mrs. Snithl hald h1,l of her dress-" \Whose dress, Jenny's or the-" "You know very well whAt I mean. Mrs. Somith held~on to Jenny and Jeinny on to the more;bt-hiMrs, Smith putlled her loosen, un intontiitin'ally, of course. and as the mo;re swamI . ,trs. Smiith adid to her-" " To tho mare?'' " You think your smrrt now, mlon't you 9 You know well enoughl mean Jeany." ' Well thefa, Jeoniy said to ' the . mare, what? " " I've got a notion to punch your head fur you, you scoundrel." " What did she say that for ?" "I came in hero," said Mr. Smith, fiercely," to give you a first-itate item, and I was going to tell you what Mrs. Smith said about the mere being dragged from the water and howshmi turnol sotnemsrsults a11 the way home; but hanged if I'll do it now." The reporter rose slowly, anrl eleviting a i chair to ward off the missile, he calmly inquired : a ** What object h Md Mrs. Smith in turning somersaults all the way homO ?y' Tlhe people who saw Mr.. mith come down stairs and emerge front the front door say he looked' us white as if he had juest seen a ghost. 