Jack the Bunyip-killer. (AN EXTRAVAGANZA.) (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) I. BY C. H. BARTON. HE lay prone, with blood-spattered face and broken arm, in the cruel sunshine, while a long furrow in the fathomless dust measured the dis- tance he had been dragged. The retreating gallop of a scared horse was the last sound that struck his dazed sense as he lapsed into uncon- sciousness. In the mangled features, dust and blood-clotted hair, and the clothes all soiled and torn with that ghastly career, few would hare recognised Jack Wonderly, the good-humored, gentlemanly, though rather eccentric 'colonial experiencer' at Messrs. Bulcot and Defacer's Lagoon station. And present chances were be- coming momentarily less favorable to any such recognition. It was high noon, and a mid- November sun was blasting its worst, hushing the shrill notes of the cicadas into silence almost as oppressive as the heat. The dust- grimed leaves of the mallee hung motionless, save when ever and anon some tiny atmospheric eddy shivered them, and, sweeping across the track, showered a windborne tribute of dust over the prostrate man. Then suddenly, from some unperceived quarter, alights, with familiar flap and croak, Maitre Corbeau, the fiend of glossy plumage and false condoling whine, whose ill omened form is rarely absent from scenes of suffering and death. Presently the advance guard is joined by others, who all swoop down with the same mysterious suddenness from haunts unknown, and ere long a whole bevy of the black-coated wretches has settled in a wide circle around the scene of the accident. They are waiting— the ghouls—with a loathsome patience for the flickering light of life to be quenched in death; and then! Long hours have passed ; the inexorable task- master on high has wrung his full tribute from fainting nature, and hangs, a crimson ball in violet haze, low on the horizon. And still he lies there in his dead faint under the friendly aegie of oblivion, and reeks not of the filthy harpies whose gambols have scarred the white dust all about him. The ebon conclave have drawn closer, but their time is not yet. A pulsation, a sob, a slight settling of a limb into a more restful potition—signs barely perceptible to reasoning man—is hint enough for them. Faugh! is it not their very vocation to watch out the last glimmer of the vital spark, and shall they be at fault now ? But hark! Clearly cut out against the strident monody of the cicadee, who, with the lowering sun, have resumed their nuptial trill, comes a slight yet cheery sound, suggestive of smooth and rapid motion. In the deep impalpable dust is neither tramp of horse nor crunoh of wheels ; but the low-bodied pony carriage drawn by a pair of dapper little grays, that suddenly dives up from behind the limestone rise, has announced itself by the chirruping creak of well-kept springs and harness, while yet out of sight. The occupants were a bene- volent old gentleman of the orthodox pattern, and a fair-haired girl of the orthodox age—his daughter. Their faces indicated sorrow and anxiety, rather than surprise, as the baffled birds flew screaming away, and left their intended prey sharply outlined on the white ground in the purpling twilight. 'At last!' exclaimed the old man in a husky voice, as if nerving himself for some great effort ; ' here, Ada, dear, hold the reins while I see what can be done for him ;' and, pulling the ponies up short, he alighted, and was at the side of Jack, or what remained of him, in an instant. The girl, having taken the reins, was standing up in the carriage. She had thrown off her hat during the drive, the better to inhale the evening breeze, and her fair hair clustered around a face as pale and nearly as impassive, at if cut out of marble. 'Is he dead, father?' at last she said in a faltering voice. ' Not dead, love, but at death's door, I fear,' replied the father. 'There is a weak short pulse, and he just breathes. But how shall we get him home ? It is almost dark, and there is not a moment to be lost.' Then, lifting Jack's head out of the dust, and supporting it on his knee while he wiped away, at well as he could the blood that obscured his features, he tried vainly to raise him into a sitting posture. For Dr. L'Estrange, though a capital physician, measured by the standard of the old school, was no athlete, and the young man's sturdy frame, stiffened by long exposure, resisted the utmost exertion of his failing strength. ' Ada, child, come and help me.' She made the reins fast, sprang lightly to the ground, patted the ponies' necks, and with a whispered 'Stand still, sir!' was at her father's side. Now, keep his head like that, while I try to lift him. One arm is broken, and we must be very careful.' She did his bidding. If Jack's heart beat but faintly, the case was otherwise where his head was reposing. But he was in no oondition just then to take an interest in physiological contrasts of that sort. ' It is no use,' continued Dr. L'Estrange, after another effort. 'One of us two must go for help, girl, which shall it be ?' 'There's no must in the matter,' said a gruff voice. Father and daughter started in surprise. Close to them, as though condensed out of the surrounding darkness, stood the dim figure of a man. ' Good job that I came upon you as I did,' continued the apparition. ' The middle of the Eighteen-mile Scrub is no place to tend a dying man. Leave him to me, and, doctor, just yon stand at their heads to prevent them from start- ing off while I lift him aboard.' And, stooping down, the unknown took Jack Wonderly in his arms with as much ease as if be had been an infant, and placed him easily reclining on the well-cushioned seats of the carriage. ' Now, young lady, you take the other seat, and keep him as nearly as you can like that. He won't know but what it's his mother, poor chap ;' he added, as though to soften the brusqueness of the suggestion. But Ada's thoughts were not engrossed with conventionalities just then ; she took her seat as directed, and busied herself with the care of the helpless piece of humanity be- side her with a skill and aplomb that would have done honor to Miss Nightingale. ' Now, doctor, you get up after them, and see if you cannot manage to drive from the front seat;' and, helping the old man in, the Unknown backed the ponies carefully until he could turn their heads in the direction of home. The action and motion was so gentle that Ada, who was bathing the brew of the patient with eau- de-cologne, hardly noticed the change in their position. She turned to look at the speaker, but his features were indistinguishable in the darkness. A shadowy human form loomed against the sky ; that was all. ' We are greatly indebted to you, mate, for this timely help,' said the doctor. 'Can we give you a lift on your way ? To be sure, I did not notice whence you came.' 'Not likely you would,' laughed the stranger. 'As for the trifle I've done you're very wel- come. But I travel a different road from yours. and have far to tramp before to-morrow. Good night!' and before the salutation could be re turned he had disappeared. It was past midnight when the chaise rumbled slowly along the silent High-street of Dovedale and drew up at the doctor's door. And by the time that Jack had—with such male assistance as could at that hour be procured—been un- dressed, bathed, splinted, bandaged, and put to bed in the spare chamber, and was beginning to show signs of returning consciousness, the eastern sky was warming into dawn. ' He is getting on nicely,' said the doctor, in a stage whisper, at his daughter's door, when all that was necessary and possible had been done. There was no response from within. 'Fast asleep, and no wonder, poor girl, after so trying a journey,' he added, as, completely tired out, he groped his way to his own chamber. But Ada had not slept. II. ' What can have become of Jack ?' said Mr, Robert Bulcot to Mr Richard Defacer, as they sat enjoying an evening, pipe under the front verandah at Lagoon station. ' Never knew him out so late before, without giving notice.' 'True for that,' said his partner; ' for, to do Jack justice, his rambling notions have never interfered with his keeping proper hours. What horse did he take?' 'Perdita.' 'Shouldn't have let him. She's too flash altogether for a new chum like him—and a star- gazer to boot.' ' He's taken a fancy to the mare, and she's quiet enough, unless startled.' 'Yes, but let her take fright, and the devil himself wouldn't hold her.' The joint owners of Lagoon station relapsed into silence. At length Bulcot said: 'That lad would have done better on a bigger station, with more work and less leisure for " studying nature" as he calls it.' Miss Lavinia Defacer, the junior partner's maiden—but no longer maidenly—sister, who was sitting in her favorite canvas-backed chair on the grass outside, cast a vixenish look at the head of the firm, as she opened fire on him as follows:—'lt's my belief, Robert Bulcot, that " more work and less leisure" is all the catechism you ever learnt. You'd grudge the very flowers their time of blossom, if you had the spirit to pluck one.' It may possibly conduce to the explana- tion of this recondite metaphor if we here state, in confidence, that Miss Lavinia had for more than twenty years past continuously played off the artillery of her mature charms on her brother's friend, without effecting the desired breach in the stony outworks of his heart. 'And it's my belief,' said Bulcot, sulkily, ' that you women know a lot more about flowers —'specially artificial ones—than you do about what's good and wholesome for men, or your- selves either.' 'There now,' interposed Defacer ; 'don't you two go falling out again the first word that's spoken. I can't see how Jack would show to more advantage anywhere else. He couldn't be more useful surely than he is here, and I have a real liking for the lad on his own account, as well as his father's.' 'O, for that matter, there could not be a better-hearted fellow than Jack. And I daresay your sister Lavinia is right, and it may be just as well that the lad does not get "colonised" too soon.' Bulcot gave utterance to this sentiment so penitently that Miss Lavinia was mollified at once. She watched him wistfully from under her half-closed eye-lids as he sat blowing his quiet cloud, and tried vainly to recall how he had looked, and how she had felt, in the days long gone by, ere life's morning had been staled by twenty years spent in bargaining and branding. The two members of the firm of Bulcot and Defacer were what are called self-made men— plain spoken, and of plain tastes, and holding in kindly remembrance the Devonshire village whence they had gone forth to woo fortune in Australia, and the worthy Vicar, Jack's father, to whose counsel and aid they bad been mainly indebted for the ac- complishment of their purpose. Thus had it come to pass that when " parson Wonderly" was laid under the old yew tree, in the church- yard comer, where Jack's mother already slept, and when a strange voice held forth from the pulpit of the stuffy little church, it needed no long suasion on the part of these unknown friends to induce the orphaned youth to remove himself and his slender patrimony to Australia, and accept their offers of hospitality and ad- vancement. Bulcot and Defacer had no reason to regret their kindness to the son of a deceased benefaotor. Jack lost no time in mastering the petty and irksome details of station management —doubly irksome to one of his dreamy and fanciful disposition—and soon became the right- hand of the two weatherbeaten old 'coves,' who remembered him as a ohild, and who now regarded him almost as a son. Jack Wonderly was not what would be termed 'a smart hand.' His leanings had been more towards the black- letter legends in the library of the old abbey school, where he had imbibed ' the rudiments' when a boy, than towards the squire's game pre- serves or the county pack. He could spend days on misty Dartmoor, without thought of grouse or deer, or other companionship than the phantasms with which the desultory reading of old-world literature had peopled his brain. To him the flower-spangled meadow was still the Pixies' home ; the swirling brook, where the big trout sunned themselves in many an amber pool, still echoed the Kelpie's laugh; the lone cromlech on the grass-grown barrow was haunted with the ghosts of the long-buried past. Jack was neither a fool nor a milksop. He was quite alive to the unreality of his day-dreams, and tried hard to shake off the mastery they were acquiring ovor him, by plunging headlong into the pursuits that interest most young men. But it was all to very little purpose; and now, the voyage to Australia, the novelty of all he saw and heard in proceeding up country, and the comparative solitude of the bush, soon re- vived the imaginative vein in all its pristine force. ' There she booms again,' said Bulcot, after a long silence, as a low, hollow, explosive sound, unlike anything else in nature, came up from the waters of the lagoon ; then, vaguely rumb- ling to and fro along the purple flanks of the sandstone range beyond, gradually died away in the sough of the reeds as they stirred in the night wind. 'Time for me to be going in,' remarked Lavinia, with a very fair pretence of self-pos- session, at the betook herself somewhat hastily to the virginal sanctuary of her own apartment. 'This thing is becoming a nuisance,' resumed Bulcot, after a pause. ' Except for Oombo, who seems to know more than he chooses to tell, not a black would we have about the place to fetch in the horses. There! do you hear that?' And again the mysterious sound, this time more loudly, and with something of a musical intonation, swept over the pool, and, having stirred the rock-born echoes, was hushed in the broad expanse of fringing reeds. ' I'm not a bit surprised at the blacks clearing out,' said Defacer ; 'for, without exactly be- lieving their bunyip stories, I can't help ad- mitting that there's something uncomfortable about an effect that you cannot trace to its cause.' ' The doctor said something about disruption of strata and water carrying sound long dis- tances,' rejoined Bulcot. ' Ay, the dootor has reasons for everything, but this reason of his won't satisfy me, nor Jack either, who is ready enough to chime in, as a rule, with what Dr. L'Estrange asserts.' ' Say Miss L'Estrange rather,' added the head of the firm, the two members of which then in- dulged in a prolonged chuckle, as though tickled with one and the same idea. The lagoon, on whose commanding borders this conversation was carried on, might be perhaps a mile or two wide, and reached from a few hundred yards below the huts to the foot of a most forbidding-looking wall of red rock, which apparently rose sheer from the water's edge. Behind this rampart, whose precipitous face seemed to defy all access, the towering peaks and weather- scarred precipices of a chaos of primitive hills loomed black among the rising stars. The lagoon, although of but trifling width, stretched away for many miles to right and left of the station, hugging the foot of the range throughout its course, and running out at each end into pathless, and at most seasons impassable, swamps of unknown ex- tent. Hence ' the Range,' although nearly within hail of the station, still remained terra incognita to its inmates. For a year or two after the country was first taken up, the blacks of the district had been accustomed to repair, at stated periods and by carefully concealed tracks, to some unknown spot among the hills, whence they procured, it was surmised, supplies of the red earth which forms the one 'indispensable requisite' of an aboriginal toilet. These expe- ditions were always prefaced with much drum- ming, dancing, and other ceremonies intended to propitiate the demon of the lake, who, although less demonstrative of his presence in those early days, was none the leas implicitly believed in and feared. Little by little, how- ever, new and mongrel superstitions supplanted the old. Bullock- punchers and bush sciolists contributed their quotas of theory and experi- ence, and PUYUME, 'the misty one,' 'the cloud compeller,' became a vulgar ' bunyip,' whom each veracious eyewitness invested with a new shape and more and more discordant attributes. Now, it is a huge worm-like reptile, sleeping away its century of existence in the fathomless mud of some deep pool, and awakening only to drag down and detour the incautious bather. Now, a shaggy anthropoid of ape-like form and more than simian intelligence, dwelling in caves, and cognisant of the use of fire, the still warm embers of which are sometimes found. Now, a nondescript animal like a calf, with long pendent ears and mane and snaky tail, haunting solitary swamps where its melodious bellow is sometimes heard in the dead of the night. Now, it is a mon- strous compromise between bird and beast, moving laboriously through the densest scrub, and protected against all foes by a coat of feathery-mail. It is, in short, a very Proteus of the Australian wilds, and possesses, moreover, the true protean quality of eluding all attempts at examination or capture. Thus had the bunyip, in some shape or other, become domiciled in or near the lagoon—nobody could tell exactly which—and the blacks, once so numerous, gradually disappeared from the neighborhood. The natal drone of their enhar- monic chant, cross-barred with anti-rhythmic beats of the opossum drum, no longer swelled and sank through the long night watches. Rud- die and red ochre became scarce commodities among the lingering few who still braved the boom of the bunyip, and even the Dovedale larrikins were fain, in default of the orthodox mineral, to blazon in chalk or charcoal the street door records of their domiciliary visits on New Year's Eve. The meditations of the firm of Bulcot and Defacer, whom we left under the verandah, were interrupted by Combo, an ancient black, who presented himself with the stealthy caution of his race, and whose natural taciturnity seemed intensified by some strong emotion. Without uttering a word he stood gazing at his masters, the picture of perturbed anxiety. ' Well, Combo, what you bring ? Frightened 'long a bunyip, I suppose,' said Defacer. A scornful look passed over Combo's faoe. 'Baal gammon that bunyip,' he hissed, catching his breath ; ' mare come back alone.' And sure enough, riderless and unsaddled, with the bridle hanging in shreds about her neck, her heaving flanks caked with sweat and dust, stood Perdita at the stockyard gate, and whinnied to be let in. III. Jack's injuries were complicated by an attack of fever, the result of his long exposure, and for many days his life hang on a thread. The Lagooners had been already advised of the acci- dent, with a hint that all depended on the care- ful nursing and perfect quiet the patient would enjoj under the doctor's roof. The partners, plain men as they were, understood, and were chary of their visits ; but weekly enquiries from Miss Lavinia, and responsive bulletins from Dr. L'Estrange, passed to and fro over the fifteen miles that intervened between Lagoon station and the rising township of Dovedale. Combo was the messenger ; his credentials, a note fastened in a cleft stick. The sable Mercury was observed to show much distress whenever he caught the tones of the sick man's delirious talk. ' There is something wrong about that blackfel- low,' said the doctor one evening to his daughter, when the immediate danger was over ; ' he evi- dently comes against his will, and yet, once here, he seems afraid to leave again.' ' They all have a superstitious dread of ill- ness,' rejoined Ada, 'and Mr. Wonderly is for- tunate in not having to rely on the professional assistance of Uombo, who is, I believe, a doctor like you, father, among his own people.' It was lightly said, but a Mother—Dr. L'Estrange was a widower—would have detected a slight falter in Ada's voice as she alluded to the patient by name. 'There is a strange fascination in delirious utterance,' continued the doctor. ' That may account for the blackfellow's unwillingness to leave when he is within hearing. To be sure, he cannot understand much of the poor fellow's rambling talk. It often puzzles myself to guess what he is driving at.' And the doctor scanned his daughter's averted face more keenly than was his wont. ' I thought delirium was merely a dream put into words, without connection or meaning ?' said the girl with an air of constraint. 'So it is,' rejoined the dootor; but dreams are a mental review of impressions received ; and to clothe them in words there must be re- collection and thought. Our patient's memories are the reverse of pleasurable, I fear. He con- tinually refers to some unwonted sight that caused his mare to bolt, but that is not his only or his chief trouble. There is something on his mind more engrossing, and I should not be sur- prised, child, if it had reference to you.' Ada tried to laugh it off, but the effort was not a success. ' Your habit of investigating obscure symptoms leads you to extraordinary concisions, father,' she said. 'Be sure that I am as completely indifferent to Mr. Wonderly as—as —he is to me.' And, by way of illustrat- ing indifference practically, she dropped her voice so as to render the last words almost in- audible. Dr. L'Estrange made no further reply, but, casting on his daughter a look in which affection, anxiety, and a tinge of humor were oddly blended, retired into his surgery. Time ran on. Ada tended the patient with as much care as was consistent with her asserted indifference. As the daughter of a country physician, left motherless when growing up to maidenhood, and accustomed not only to manage her father's household, but to take her share on occasion in the duties of the sick-room, she felt less constraint than might have been ex- pected from the slightly awkward situation in which she had been placed. It must, moreover, have required a more fervid imagination than hers to invest Jack in his then plight with those romantic attributes which are supposed to endanger the peace of mind of the too suscep- tible fair. His face puffed with bruises and scarred all over with slowly-healing cuts, his broken arm swathed in a complete magazine of splints and bandages, and his ambrosial looks ruthlessly shorn as an offering to the fever-fiend, he was about as unengaging an object as over captivated—or repelled—female heart. The per- fect quiet enjoined on him also contributed not a little to restrain the growth of any more familiar acquaintance than already existed between them at the time of the accident ;— such acquaintance as arises from the casual meetings of young people at the houses of mutual friends, or on those quasi- public occa- sions which, even in Australia, sometimes diversify the 'uneventful dulness' of bush, township, or squatting station. But, almost un- consciously to himself, the sweet presence and unobtrusive ministrations of his fair hostess had made their mark on the invalid. The glance of her compassionate eyes had been the first ray of light to pierce the darkness in which thought and memory had been steeped for days after his removal to Dovedale ; and thenceforth, waking or sleeping, conscious or delirious, the light was ever present to his inner vision. And Miss L'Estrange, as she watched with something of professional interest the young man's return to health and strength, and admired the fortitude with which he bore his sufferings, began on her part to experience suc- cessive gradations of the mellowing change in virtue of which pity claims kinship to love. Meanwhile Combo, the wingless Mercury, came and went, and the Lagoon missives became more and more ardent for ' Master Wonderly' to come home. Matters at the station had all gone wrong since the date of the accident. The imported bull had got bogged—as imported beasts always do—in the very worst place for being got out again, and, after monopolising for the space of three days all the bullock teams and tackling that could be borrowed far and near, had finally to be despatched with a friendly bullet. Jim, the stockman, who had come un- awares on the hapless brute, had been scared out of his wits by an apparition which he de- scribed as ' all mouth, and with a sting at the end of its tail,' which sting it brandished in dangerous proximity to Jim's nose as it dashed into the reed-bed. Old Man Tom, storeman, saddle-stuffer, gardener, and ' generally useful,' had given notice to quit, as ' them warnings' would not let him sleep, and depressed his spirits. And, lastly, the Chinese cook, thinking, like a public-spirited creature as he was, to pro- pitiate the fung shui with a brilliant discharge of crackers, managed to set fire to the thatched store and destroy sundry bags of flour and sugar, a cask of meat, ten salted hides, and a grind- stone. Perdita, too, had gone wrong, and was almost useless on the run, putting up her back on the least provocation; and, inasmuch as Lagoon station formed no exception to the invariable bush rule of ' not a horse on the run fit to ride,' things were, altogether, in a very bad way. Bulcot and Defacer never paused to consider whether their new chum protege, just out of the sick room—with a game arm and a shaken brain, ' a fool on a horse,' and nothing but a true heart and good temper to supply his notable deficiencies as a colonist—was exactly the man to set things right again. They merely collated the Tenterden Steeple of his ill-starred steeple- chase with the Goodwin Sands of their subse- quent losses; and their conclusion was that the only chance of the trouble coming to an end was for Jack to return ' home' at once. IV. So the mud-splashed little buggy was wheeled out of its bark shed, and furbished up for its encounter with the critical gaze of the Dovedale public ; and one fine morning ' Master Wonderly,' after a more self-possessed adieu from Ada than either of them would have thought possible, was driven carefully home by his good friend Mr. Defacer. ' Well, ye do look pulled down, lad,' said the latter, compassionately scanning Jack's worn features as they left the gaping town. ' What in creation got ye that fearful fall—leastways, worse than a fall,' he corrected himself; 'for Doctor says he tracked the drag of your body more than a hundred yards. How ye managed to escape being killed is more than I can under- stand.' ' Perhaps, I am reserved for some brilliant destiny, my dear sir,' replied Jack. 'It is no ordinary luck to meet, as I have done, with friends so good and true, and at a time when they were friends indeed. As for what hap- pened with Perdita in the mallee, I can remem- ber little or nothing. I am under the impres- sion that after she got the bit in her teeth I stuck on as long as I could, until something caught me a stunning blow across the face and swept me off.' 'An overhanging limb, of course,' suggested Defacer. ' When she's in her tantrums, she's not fit for anybody to ride, especially in such country. —I wonder what could have started her off like that ?' he continued after a pause. ' She knows you, Jack, and does not usually play up without cause, unless with strangers. You didn't happen to drop a lighted match, Jack?' 'Had neither pipe nor matches with me' interrupted Jack, ' and that was my salvation. Otherwise I might have been burnt to a cinder before Dr. L'Estrange picked me up.' ' Well, I can't make it out at all. You were riding, I think, quietly along ?' ' Just a bush jog, my favorite pace. It fits in well with my habit of subsiding into a brown study, which you and Mr. Bulcot are so severe upon. But, talking of day-dreams and so on, there is a dream that has so constantly haunted me since I was at the doctor's that it often im- presses me like a memory of something actually seen. Do you know, Mr. Defacer,' he added with some hesitation, laying his hand on the old man's shoulder, ' I am ashamed to broach so nonsensical an idea, and you will be quite justified in concluding that I am non compos ; but I really am sometimes unable to resist the belief that Perdita and I both saw the devil that time!' Defacer looked uneasily at his young com- panion, to whose face the morning air was fast restoring a healthful tint, and wondered what was coming next. 'It costs some effort to recollect it all,' Won- derly continued in a musing tone. ' You remem- ber that when I set out to try and fathom the mystery that seemed to hang over those un- visited hills I thought to reach them by way of the North Swamp.' Defacer nodded. ' I disapproved of it,' he said, 'as a foolish risk. Even Stockman Jim, who is quite as keen a bunyip-hunter as even you, Jack—at any rate he has seen a real live one, which is more than you can blow of—well, even Jim says that there is no track through that a horseman can follow.' ' Never mind what Jim says, Mr. Defacer,' replied Wonderly in a rather contemptuous tone ; 'if his faculty of discovering bunyips is on a par with his knowledge of tracks, I have little to fear from his rivalry. I found, as it turned out, no difficulty in threading the swamp and pushing through the weeds into the mallee scrub beyond, where I caught a glimpse now and then of the rocky summits of the range peering over the tree tops. It was no joke getting through that mallee. The most of it had been killed by fire, and left dry and charred, some two or three years back; and the dense young aftergrowth was so intertwined with fallen or leaning sticks that it was like climbing over a continuous barricade of hurdlework. It was only by dismounting and leading Perdita in and out among the tangle that I got her through at all; and what with the continual crashing of the dead timber underfoot, the switching of suddenly released boughs against her flanks, the torment of flies, and the mur- derous heat of the sun, she got so irritable that when we reached a more open belt along the foot of the range I could hardly get to mount her. Having with some coaxing regained the saddle, I made for an opening in the face of the range which seemed to be the outlet of a gorge penetrating to its very centre. A brisk canter of a mile or so over a gravelly slope, thinly grassed and dotted with clumps of acacia and various flowering shrubs, brought me to the threshold of this rocky portal. From it issued a tiny thread of water, which gave freshness to a bright green patch of velvety herbage, and was then forthwith ab- sorbed by the thirsty gravel. On entering the gorge, the contrast between the glare and myriad insect noises outside and the gloom and utter silence within was quite overpowering and heightened not a little the awe-inspiring effect of the cliffs that towered perpendicularly on both sides. The gorge was literally nothing but a stupendous rift or rent in the body of the range, the bottom of which had gradually be- come filled up with debris, so as to afford a tolerably even footing for a horse. So narrow and tortuous was its course that the onward view was constantly interrupted by some huge projecting buttress, while at every turn the ex- plorer encountered scenery more majestic and awful than he had just left.' Defacer listened with growing interest to the narrative of his companion. The young man had shaken off the listlessness and languor that had oppressed him on leaving Dovedale, and spoke with a degree of animation which proved that suffering had not dulled his relish for ad- venture. ' Just as we rounded one of these projecting bastions,' he continued, Perdita, with a kind of shriek, bounded back so suddenly that I only escaped a " cropper " by clasping her neck. I was too busy recovering myself to observe the cause of her fright, when, wheeling about sud- denly, with a furious toss of the head she shook the bit within grip of her teeth, and having seized it started at a bounding gallop for the entrance of the glen. Was it a reality or a wild fancy that impressed my brain at that moment with an indescribably hideous image ?' He repeated the last words mechanically, as though to himself. 'Hideous image! of what sort?' interrupted Defacer, whose curiosity was now strongly roused. 'I can hardly describe what it was like,' re- plied the young man. 'It came nightly to my fevered dreams, as I lay sick at the doctor's, mocking the semblance of humanity with round lacklustre eyes and shark-like teeth ; and when- ever, turning in a half sleep, I enacted that scene over again, the frightful thing was always "in at the death."' 'A kind of nightmare, such as sick folk often suffer from,' observed Defacer. 'I don't know,' rejoined Wonderly with some hesitation. ' The picture is very vivid. I could sketch every feature easily. It is so olosely con- neoted, too, with what little I remember of the accident that I can hardly doubt having caught a glimpse of something unusual at the moment when Perdita took fright. Besides,' he continued in a lower tone, glancing at his companion as if doubtful how far he might venture to tax his powers of belief,' there was another unexplained circumstance which rather conflrms the objective nature of the apparition.' ' Wonders upon wonders, thou wonderly lad,' laughed the old man, ' and a touch of philosophy for a nightcap. And what, pray, might your unexplained circumstance be ?' 'Well, simply this,' retorted Jaok, with a slight touch of pique in his voice: 'that, as Perdita was tearing along with me in mad career to the outer plain,'there followed us from the depths of the gorge a full-mouthed chorus of the most infernal shrieks that ever goaded horse to madness.' ' Blackfellows, possibly,' suggested Defacer. Wonderly shook his head. 'A thousand blackfellows in corroboree, with the excitement at its climax, could not produce so horrible a din. The noise, moreover, was wholly unlike their accustomed cries ; and then, you know, it is long since any of them have visited this dis- trict.' ' True,' replied Defacer. 'Combo is the only one left. By the way, what object can he have in remaining after all his kin have cleared out? The bit of rations he may get for fetching up the horses, and so on, can hardly be much of an inducement, considering how he used to feather his nest formerly by preying on the supersti- tions of his tribe. Amongst them he was king, priest, prophet, doctor, and all—concentrated all rank and learning in his own ugly person. Here he is a poor drudge, whom every station hand orders about at will.' 'I have often fancied,' said Jack,' that there is some mystery about Combo. His silence ; his sulky fits ; the capricious way in which he comes and goes, often disappearing for days together, and then as unaccountably turning up ; all this invests him with peculiar interest in my sight.' Mr. Defacer shrugged his shoulders.' When you have known them as long as I have, lad,' he said, 'you will think less of those little eccentricities. Combo is just like all the rest, only, perhaps, a little more so.' With such and similar talk the travellers beguiled the tedium of the journey. They drove, out of consideration for the invalid, at a more gingerly pace thsn quite suited the secret inclinations of that individual, who at every step felt a more ardent longing to be once more on the scene of those mysteries the investigation of which had already cost him so dear. It was near sunset when Lagoon station hove in sight. At they surmounted the last rise that had concealed the huts from view, the giant sandstone walls, ensanguined with the parting radiance of the crimson orb, rose in repelling grandeur before them. And at the blood-red tint faded successively into purple, violet, and misty gray, and the breath of even- ing swept over the tall reeds and crisped the dark surface of the lake, the muffled voice of the genius loci once more sent its sullen peal across the expanse, and, having stirred the mountain echoes, died away in the sough of the reedy marge. V. During the earlier stages of his convalescence, Jack Wonderly had never ceased forming plans for penetrating the secrets of the range, and bringing peace to the bunyip-vexed souls of the household of Lagoon station. Hardly had he regained the use of his arm, when, with the aid of a dissipated bush carpenter just off the wallaby track, he contrived a flat-bottomed boat for the navigation of the lake. The Bunyip, as the craft was named, had something of the ungainliness popularly attributed to her sponsor ; but she rode on the water like a duck, was proof against any upset, and with her light draught and stout sides suited Jack's purpose exactly. 'Twas on a dull and sultry December morning when, accompanied by the taciturn Combo, and taking a gun, more by way of pre- text than with any idea of using it, he pushed off through the matted belt of reeds, and steered directly for the opposite shore. The black- fellow was even more sullen than usual, and it was only by threats of hunting him from the station, emphasised by a reference to the re- moter terrors of the Dovedale look-up, that he could be prevailed on to go at all. He had from the first been dead against all attempts on the part of the ' young master' to explore the unknown region beyond the lake, and had especially set his face against the boat-building scheme and its consequences. It was with no hearty goodwill, therefore, that he plied one of the paddles—implements roughly out out of a stiff pine board—while Jack exercised his re- turning strength on the other. The distance across the lake proved greater than it had seemed from the station, and the day was far advanced when they reached the foot of the beetling cliffs that rose from the opposite brink. At the point over against the station no landing was possible. Perpendicular walls of ruddy sandstone, glazed with the fierce heat of some old-world conflagration, rose sheer from the black waters, without the smallest strip of inter- vening beach to afford foothold. For more than a mile the two skirted the ironbound coast in silence, Combo casting around him many a look of suspicious recognition as they increased the distance from their original land-fall. At length, just as they approached a spot where the cliff gave signs of receding, and perhaps affording space to land, the black shipped his paddle, and, squatting in the middle of the boat, with his head between his knees, set up a most doleful howl. 'Puyumé, puyumé', he moaned, 'me too muchee d—d frightened !' Jack failed, however, to detect the signs of genuine fear, as usually manifested by the Aus- tralian race, and urged him to resume work. All in vain. 'Too muchee frightened,' with sundry variations and bush expletives, was all the reply he could get. Meanwhile he managed, with his single paddle, to keep the Bunyip on her course, and shortly reached the opening of a little bay, curtained off from the lake by a broad fold of the rock, and forming, apparently, the outlet of a deep glen or ravine, leading into the heart of the range, like the one described in a previous chapter. It was a wild scene. Framed in a narrow portal of ruddy sandstone, so steep that it seemed as if the mere vibration of the air as they spoke must disturb its equili- brium, a chaos of ravines, carved by time and weather out of the selfsame material, radiated upwards from the wave-lapped sands of the miniature beach,until all seemed blended in one vast crater-like hollow, above which towered tremulous in the hot haze of noon, the circling peaks of the range, like the battlements of some titanic citadel. The glen sides and higher slopes, wherever vegetation could gain a hold, were clothed with vast masses of spinifex, the undisturbed growth of many years. Within its sheltering recesses, defended against all enemies —save one—by a bristling armory of living spears, nestled the yuro, heaviest of the marsu- pial tribe, and its nimble congener, the finely striped rock wallaby. The one foe against which this formidable grass affords no protec- tion is fire; and in the old days of aboriginal occupancy the peaks of the range were lighted up nightly in the dry season with the blaze of their battues. But on the abandonment of these wild haunts the fiery lustration had been intermitted. The spinifex grew to phenomenal proportions, gathering con- tinuously at each centre of growth its annual increment of dead stalks and blades, and yuro and rock wallaby had a good time. At the date of our tale the recesses of the range had become an all but impenetrable wilderness. It was only by following the torrent beds in the obscurity of the ravine, or by clambering along the dizzy rock ledges which in places overhung them, that headway could be made against the sea of prickly vegetation that surged up the hill slopes on every side. Taking up his gun, Jack Wonderly sprang ashore and made the boat fast to a jutting stone 'Now, Combo,' said he,' will you go with me, or stop 'long boat ? I go find out where black- fellow gets milté* from, and want you show me way.' The black stood irresolute. His low brows worked convulsively as he glanced at the boat, and then fixed his gaze on the dioramic pros- pect in front. ' Me go,' he at last said, sulkily ; and, seizing the spear that he always carried, led the way up the ravine. Their path was tbe rugged bed of a torrent, now so nearly dry that there was no perceptible outflow into the lagoon. As they pro- ceeded onwards, however, and the sand and shingle of the creek bed gradually merged into a rough jumble of big boulders most trying to the patience of a sanguine explorer, signs of more abundant moisture were perceptible. By-and-by the loose boulders were succeeded by masses of compact rock, forming, at intervals, moss-grown stops, orer which trickled in miniature cascades the crystal beauty ot a hill-fed spring. The sub- dued whimper of the tiny rivulet, stealing through patches of yellow violet, silky clematis, and maiden hair fern, fell soothingly on tbe young man's ear. By the natural association which links one pleasing image with others, his thoughts reverted to the sweet girl at Dovedale, to whose unremitting care he owed his life. He dwelt fondly on every little act of kindness that could be construed—so he flattered himself—as a mark of personal favor, and deplored the un- certainty of his own future, which forbade any present declaration of his feelings towards her From such ruminations of sweet and bitter fancy he was soon aroused by the strange demeanor of his guide. Combo was standing a few paces in front, on the brink of a deep turn or rock pool, apparently the central reservoir into which the waters of the mountain were gathered, ere they overflowed into the gorge below. The black- fellow was gazing intently into the dark flood, motioning to Wonderly at the same time in a frantic manner not to advance further. 'The gesture made Jack only more eager to reach the spot, and he quickened his pace. At this Combo, by way of dis- tracting the 'young master's' attention, suddenly faced about, and pointing up the hill side, with a comical affectation of sportsmanlike caution and absorbing interest, exclaimed at a venture—'Lookout, master ; Yuro yuro! you shoot!' And, to the equal astonishment of Jack and Combo himself, one of tbe ungainly brutes, disturbed in his noonday slumber by the sound of the blackfellow's voice, bounded away in a blundering thumping fashion far overhead. ' By Crickey! that big fellow !' yelled Combo, as he rushed back past Wonderly to avoid the avalanche of loose boulders dislodged by the clumsy creature in its flight. At the same mo- ment Jack, having in the first surprise aimlessly discharged his weapon after the retreating ani mal, had gained the edge of the pool over which Combo had so obstinately stood sentry. The water was all a boil with falling boulders, and Jack vainly tried to make out the object that had attracted his guide's notice. Once, and once only, he fancied that he caught a glimpse of the snaky neck of some strange reptile, writhing as in agony, while the rocky missiles subsided, one by one, in the turbid flood. At last the com- motion ceased; the vexed waters gradually re- sumed their transparency, and a confused mass of boulder stones, among which the later acces- sions were hardly distinguishable from tbe old, was alone reflected from the depths of the pool. ' That bunyip tumble-down, at anyrate,' said Jack, rather disappointed, and turning to ad- dress Combo. There was no response, not even the usual grunt. Combo was gone. VI. Leaving our hero to pursue his researches as best he may, we must for a moment revert to certain matter that were meanwhile brewing at Dovedale. The population of that flourishing township had been, and were still, much troubled in mind. Jack Wonderly's reception as an indoor patient by Dr. L'Estrange had awakened general interest; and when it tran- spired that the invalid was young, and invested, moreorer, with the potentiality of good looks contingently on his restoration to health, the interest became absorbing. The rumor that, these damnatory facts notwith- standing, Miss L'Estrange was personally assisting in the treatment of this actually *Milté, ruddie, red ochre. young and potentially handsome patient sent a thrill of outraged propriety through every tea- table in the township. Mrs. Meddlicott, the lawyer's wife, whom sundry whispers of con- jugal irregularity on her own part had failed to shake in her acknowledged position as the Dove- dale leader of fashion, took care to impress on all her acquaintance how shocking it was for a young girl to be deprived, at the critical age, of a mother's care. Miss Dulcines Dulcimer, who had been transported in early life for shop-lift- ing, and who now figured as the reputed owner of more corner allotments than the creditors of her dutiful and periodically insolvent nephew cared to enumerate, volubly wondered what the world was coming to. Mrs. Molypense, the pattern Sunday school teacher, volunteered the opinion that 'it was written in Miss Ada's face, and, after the bold way that young lady cate- chised the senior boys' class six months ago come next Advent, she would not be surprised at anything.' In a word, all Dovedale was agreed that nothing so monstrous or improper had occurred within the memory of the oldest inhabitant, and not until it had been reported by the milkmen, and confirmed by the butcher- boy, that the hyards was a-printing for them folks at Doctor's, was the indignation some- what allayed. The indignation, but not the dissatisfaction. Poor Ada's alleged unceremonious appropria- tion of an eligible suitor, without competition by tender, or otherwise, was denounced as a piece of feminine sharp practice beyond for- giveness. When Jack left the doctor's and returned to the station, the gossip, of course, took a new turn. He had been jilted, poor fellow, and it served him right for letting him- self be so taken in. Or he had merely played with Ada's affections, and that, of course, served her right. By degrees, however, the nine-day miracle faded into oblivion, and was supplanted by one of more overshadowing, though less romantic, interest. Some half-dozen years before, a series of peculiarly atrocious murders had been perpe- trated by a gang of human Sunds in another colony. One of the murderers turned Queen's evidence, and received the doubtful boon of a free pardon, while the rest paid with their lives the just penalty of their many crimes. The informer was reserved for a worse fate. Dogged from colony to colony by the persecuting vigilance of the police, and everywhere repelled with loathing by the public, to whom his features had been made familiar by the illustrated journals, he led the life of a homeless outcast. Although legally possessed of considerable pro- perty, he had neither use nor enjoyment of its possession ; and, since nobody would knowingly have any dealings with him, he was often desti- tute of the common necessaries of life. This personage, so it was reported, had been lately seen, in open daylight, walking the main street ot virtuous Dovedale ; and the report forthwith shook Dovedale society to its foundations. The leading (and only) newspaper came out with a thunder-and- lightning article fully half a column in length—which was very liberal allow- ance for Dovedale leading articles—bitterly inveighing against the negligence of the police in permitting such an affront to the moral sense of a law- abiding and respectable community ; ' and, as all the proper names wore ' small capped' and most of the adjectives printed in italic, it is incomprehensible how Senior sergeant Doolittle and his faithful subordinate, Acting-probation- ary constable Block, survived the storm of invective The Rev. Windworthy Woolgatherer improved the occasion by preaching three soul- stirring sermons on the history of Cain. Sloppy Soaker, the obese publican, of whom it was whispered that he had at some period of his life worn leg-irons— not voluntarily, but by pro- cess of law—held a series of highly profitable levees, in the course of which he would in some such manner as the following retail his personal re- miniscences of an enoounter with the proscribed stranger t —' He comes up to the bar, you see, looking back'ards over his shoulder—like that— and pays for two drinks. I serves him. "Where's the mate?" says I. "Mate's your- self," says he; " wont you join ?" ' Not with such as you," says I, for I seen the broad arrer on the nape of his neck, and I knowed him at cast. Whereupon he turns to go, sorrow- ful like, and leaves the drinks standing on the counter, and, thinks I, what a awful thing to go through life like that, druv from every re- spectable person's door.' The relation of this dramatic interview, which, by the way, was highly creditable to Mr. Soaker's inventive powers, draw so much custom to his bar, and was conducive to the consumption of so much liquor thereat, that Acting-provisional-constable Block was almost run off his legs, while his superior officer, the indefatigable S. S., was fain to engage the services of a civilian night- watchman to stand sentry at the lockup. ' How merciless these people are, said Ada to her father one morning, as she laid the Dovedale Censor, containing the virtuous editorial afore- said, on the breakfast-table. 'As if the poor wretch were not already enough punished with his load of guilt and the abhorrence it every- where excites, they must draw attention to his being here.' ' Tis their trade, love,' replied the doctor. ' Their customers expect it, and would blame them if they missed such an opportunity for vindicating the spotless honor of this fussy little town. It is only people whose own conduct is wholly above reproach, you know, who can afford to disregard the risk of contamination.' ' Were you not in some way mixed up with that horrible affair at Maungatoto ?'continued the daughter. ' I remember conversations be- tween you and poor mamma, years ago, which seemed to refer to it.' ' I was, professionally. They called me in to give medical evidence at the inquest, and after- wards at the trial, and I never earned a fee with greater reluctance. When I saw and heard that miserable man giving the evidence that was to purchase his life, I thought him infinitely more to be pitied than his not more guilty accom- plices, for whom the gallows was then waiting. The settled despair of his face, the mechanical, passionless voice in which he unfolded, bit by bit, every detail of tbe hideous story, quite un- nerved me. When I compared his lot with that of the prisoners in the dock, whose mis-spent career would so soon be closed, and noted the fierce looks of impotent hate and unealed vengeance with which they pursued him, and how the very police, men who guarded the witness-box shrank from his touch, and remembered that this was but the introduction to a life of proscription and persecution embittered by remorse, I then realised what is meant by the words, "My punishment is greater than I can bear." ' ' Life cannot be worth living under such con- ditions,' observed Ada. ' No, indeed ; any commonplace criminal would have made away with himself long ago. But this was a character of unusual tenacity and strength, and might under happier condi- tions have developed something better than a fugitive informer and murderer, From his demeanor before and during the trial I conclude that he gave evidence for the Crown more in order to revenge himself on the other members of the gang than through fear of death. What- ever else he be, he did not strike as a coward, and his dragging out a joyless existence in the part of the world where he is most liable to be recognised, as though in defiance of the universal execration, bears out my view. Life abounds in these unsolved riddles. What are we to make, for instance, of that nocturnal wanderer who rendered us such timely help, in a spot where help seemed so remote ?' 'In the Eighteen-mile Scrub that dreadful night ?' enquired Ada. 'Just so. He seemed to know us, and yet I oannot recall having beard that voice before.' 'He acted like the good Samaritan on that occasion, at any rate,' said the young lady, demurely. ' Say, rather, he enabled us to enact the part to some purpose. Apropos, I should like to know how Jack Wonderly is getting on by this time, he did not seem greatly delighted to leave Dovedale. ' 'He cannot help missing your society, father. His good friends at the station, although quite fatherly in their kindness to him, arc not exactly the men in whose conversation Mr. Wonderly could find much delight.' ' You have formed a very exalted opinion of Mr. Wonderly's tastes, Ada. I dare say, now, you two have made good use of your opportuni- ties for comparing notes on the subject of tastes in general, and your own in particular.' ' I will not pretend to misunderstand what you mean, father,' she said simply, 'but there has been no comparing of notes, such as you imply. Mr. Wonderly knew that it would have been most unfair, under the circumstances, to take advantage of the purely accidental situation in whioh he was placed. He has imparted no confidences to me, and I like him all the better for keeping his own counsel—at present.' ' Well, dear, it is a thousand pities you were not born an heiress, for you have all the requi- site prudence and charitable consideration for the failings of others as well as for your own. And, now, when are we going to fulfil the pro- mise extorted from us by Miss Defacer, to spend a week at Lagoon Station. Christmas is at hand, and after the holidays they have their annual muster, when we should, of course, only be in the way.' 'I am ready to start whenever you please, father, as Miss Defacer and her brother seem to have set their hearts on our going. Perhaps the constraint of our presence may cause Mr. Won- derly to put a curb on his roving proclivities and stay at home, at anyrate until he is quite well again. 'I think it extremely probable,' said the doctor, dryly ; and to it was arranged that father and daughter should set off next morning to spend a quiet Christmas by the haunted lagoon. VII. With a muttered malediction on the stupid cowardice of his guide, Jack Wonderly pursued bis course from the tarn side towards the head of the fan- shaped amphitheatre of ravines among whioh the lakelet lay embosomed. Choosing from among the many diverging gullies that opened on every side that which most bore the appear- ance of being the main artery of drainage for that rugged region, he worked his way patiently along its rocky bed, often forced into a creeping posture by the huge clumps of overgrowing spinifex that in placet formed a com- plete tunnel of interlacing spear-points above the torrent. Not a breath of air cooled the furnace-like heat of the vast concave, upon which the westing sun now poured its concen- trated fierceness. Steeper and more diffioult became the watercourse, and the explorer, still sensible of the unnerving effects of sickness, felt his strength ebbing from every pore. Bathed in perspiration, with dizzy brain and trembling limbs, he painfully toiled along the rock-strewn pathway, until it abruptly ended in a barrier that stopped all further progress. Looking up he beheld a sheer wall of the universal sand- stone, at least 200 ft. high, and without crevice or projection by which it might be scaled. Almost as steeply rose on each side thickets of impenetrable spinifex, completely hiding the surface of the ground, and leaving it doubtful whether any lateral exit from the cul- de-sac existed. Faint with the unwonted exertion, Jack threw himself down at the foot of the obstructing rampart, and thought long- ingly of the cool waters of the turn below, a draught of which at that instant presented itself to his fevered fancy as the very climax of earthly enjoyment. But many a mile of painful scrambling now intervened between it and him, and as he lay panting on the hot rocks in that stifling glen the torpor of exhaustion fettled heavily on his senses. A long-drawn dull reverberation, like the thud of a distant earthquake, recalled him to consciousness, he sprang to his feet ; all lassi- tude was at once forgotten. The last vibrations of the mysterious sound which had so nearly destroyed the good name of Lagoon Station, and the origin of which he had so often sought to trace, were now actually dying out close round him. The source of the phenomenon, whatever it was, must be in this vicinity. He would un- ravel the mystery or perish in the attempt. With a novel interest he scanned the un- attractive features of the place. In front, the abrupt escarpment, unbroken save by a few small fissures at its base, through which the percolating waters found their issue in time of ruin. Right and left, the cruel spinifex, with its myriad needles, mantling the steep sides of the hollow and obliterating all trace of any practicable exit, if such existed. Judging, after a long and patient examination of the locality, that the only hope of surmounting the barrier lay in turning back and working rouud to it by some other and possibly more practic- able ravine, he was about to reluctantly retrace his steps when an object, hitherto unnoticed, suddenly caught his eye. It was nothing extra- ordinary ; only one of those reversed silhouettes of the outstretched human hand which abori- ginal artists love to impress in red, white, or black pigments on natural rock tablets like the one in question. But in his then perplexed and forlorn situation it was a cheering omen. Dis- regarding the probability that it had been made perhaps many years ago, and now remained as the solitary memento of an expatriated tribe, be saw only that it was placed far out of reach of any person standing in the glen, and must, therefore, have been limned by the dusky artist either while suspended from the rocky ledge above or supported on some rude scaffold- ing connecting the two sides of the ravine. Tbe position of the emblem, at a height where the framing spinifex nearly met overhead, and where the exposed rook was consequently narrowest, favored the latter theory, and decided him to examine more closely the nature of the formation that lay hidden beneath those giant tussocks. With less damage to face and hands than he could reasonably have expected, he at last managed to force a passage along the concealed portion of the rook, beneath a canopy of the universal chevens de-frise. He was agreeably surprised to find that, after running the gauntlet of the outer array of oppos- ing spikes, a narrow pathway, thickly carpeted with decayed vegetation, and completely hidden from sight by the growing masses that over- shadowed it, hugged the rock-wall with a steep but quite practicable upward slope, by which he might reasonably hope to gain the top. The kind of tunnel thus formed appeared refresh- ingly cool after the direct and reflected sun- heat at the bottom of the glen, and as Jack, groping his way in semi-darkness, mounted higher and higher, his spirits rose with the lighter mountain air that began to whistle at intervals through the living thatch above. Suddenly the tunnel ran out into a waving dump of mountain mallee; a sharp turn round the retreating rook brought Jack under the open sky ; the keen mountain air fanned his face ; flowers and tender grass— not spinifex—were at his feet, and before him stretched a prospect which majestic Dartmoor itself could hardly rival. The eminence he had gained commanded, on the one side, a bird's-eye view of the chaos of spinifex- covered ravines whence he had just emerged. The rock- pool where the bunyip had received his quietus lay in placid transparency below, and so near that the proverbial biscuit could have been tossed into it. Further off, set in the framework of the narrow portal through which the accumulated waters of all that part of the range found their exit, was caught a glimpse of the dark lagoon, its fringe of reeds, and the well-grassed hummooks of Bulcot and Defacer's run. On the other side, closely hemmed in by beetling cliffs, wound the tor- tuous line of the narrow gorge associated with hit late misadventure, while beyond the mass of peaks and bluffs through which it meandered stretched the blue-gray expanse of mallee scrub in uninterrupted sameness to the horizon. Sharply sundering these two landscapes, so different in character yet blending so harmo- niously with the general features of the moun tain mass, as they softened in the clear golden light of the afternoon, extended a long straight ridge, connecting the ledge or plateau on which Jack was now reposing with that part of the range which abutted on and concealed the lagoon. Behind him, receding about fifty yards from the edge of the precipice which he had so fortu- nately circumvented, rose another and still higher wall of rock, buttressing what seemed to be the main summit of the range. The inter- vening ground was nearly level, and, being moistened by a perennial trickle from the rock above, formed a little upland meadow, gay with blossoms of heath-like epaoris, kennedya, and bine-bell, and inexpressibly grateful to an eye wearied with the sunburnt monotony of the everlasting spinifex. Yet of greater interest to the explorer than herbage or flowers, or even the limpid spring at which he slaked his thirst, were the signs of human occupancy that were visible all around. Everywhere the charcoal of aboriginal hearths, inter- mingled with flint knives and spear-heads, broken wommeras and clubs, and the calcined bones of yuro and other game were strewn about or overgrown with the trailing vegetation. For hundreds of yards the face of the sheltering rock was black with the smoke of camp fires, kindled by many generations of the ' provisional humanity' who had so long and to so little pur- pose ocoupied the land. Of the spaces not thus blackened, monstrous outlines of men and beasts drawn with pipeclay or colored earths, thronged every available corner. The whole place was a museum of prehistoric lore, teaming with records of the camp meetings and feasts of an unremembered past. But what most ex- cited the curiosity of our hero was a well-beaten track coming up from the straight ridge or water parting before de- scribed, and crossing the grassy plateau diago- nally to a projecting portion of the upper cliff, behind which it was lost to sight. Unlike the path by which he had ascended, and which had obviously been formed by the mutual action of vegetable growth and decay, this had as ob- viously been formed by man, and the absence therefrom of encroaching herbage showed that it was still in constant use. Here, then, was the long-looked-for clue to the secret of the mountain. With a cry of delight Jack shouldered his gun, and rose to perform the concluding stage of his pilgrimage. A brisk walk of a couple of hundred yards brought him to the point at which the track disappeared ; hastily he turned the corner of intercepting rock— ' 'Ware the cliff !' cried an unearthly voice. Jack Wonderly stood transfixed. Not two paces in front of him yawned an abyss of un- known depth and so abrupt that but for the warning he must in his impatient haste have gone over and been dashed to pieces on the rocks below. Beyond the gulf, scooped out high and wide in the flanking rock- face, was the opening of a spacious cave, which seemed to give access to the very heart of the mountain. At the threshold, on the very verge of the precipice, stood a tall and haggard figure, and with outstretched arm motioned the intruder back. ' We want no spies here,' he said in the same hard tone as before. ' Why persecute a man who claims only the right to live, and who dis- turbs no one ? Leave me alone.' ' I have no wish to force my company on those who don't ask it,' replied Wonderley, rather taken aback at this style of address ; 'still less to pry into other men's affairs; least of all to persecute anyone, as you call it. But it is near sunset, and plainly impossible for me to find my way out of these hills after dark, and if you will allow me to spend the night with you I shall be thankful. The man gave a short harsh laugh. 'Do you know of whom you are asking shelter?' he enquired. ' I am S——, of Maungatoto noto- riety.' 'Were you fifty times what that name implies,' said Jack, ' I should thank you for a night's shelter from the nipping air of these heights. There must be plenty of room in that care of yours, and I shall not crowd you.' 'Shan't crowd me,' repeated the man, irreso- lutely ; 'of course you won't, considering— Then suddenly firing up, he added, 'And how am I to know that you're not one of those cursed detectives ?' 'My name is John Wonderly, and I live at the Lagoon Station. It is hardly six months since I first came out to Australia.' ' What ! the same that got hurt in the scrub, and was under the care of Dr. L'Estrange?' 'The same. You seem to know what goes on in the world, although you do live in this lonely place.' ' I am under obligations to Dr. L'Estrange,' said the man, evasively,' and I have a kind of interest in all his friends. Come round this way, Mr. John Wonderly, you can have a night's shelter—such as it is. Carefully, now— you're not used to these wild places, and it would be a matter of some consequence if your neck were broken.' And thus relenting he pointed out a series of natural ledges projecting irregularly from the face of the abyss, and eked out with steps rudely hewn out of the rock itself, thus supplying a perilous foothold around the head of the chasm to the floor of the cave. "Tis a path made by the blacks,' he ex- plained, as Jack reached the cavern mouth in safety,' and fit only for them and such as are driven to consort with them. The way of transgressors is hard, you know,' he added, bitterly. Jack looked compassionately at his host. He was a powerfully-built man, of unusual height and great apparent strength, with a face that had once been handsome, but was now furrowed with the storm tracks of an ill-spent life, and wore an expression of dejection very painful to behold. Save for these characteristics he hardly differed, either in manner or dress, from the average bushman type. 'You are the first white beside myself who has ever set foot in here,' he said. ' The blacks little thought, poor devils, what uses their treasure-house would be put to at last.' Thus speaking, with a slight geature of wel- come, he led the way into the cavern. (to be continued.) 