^Tilli- CLOSING-SCENE;- - AViTiiis tho soborronlm ofloafloss trees, - Tho niBBot.yoiir hihnleil tho .dreamy »ir,., . Li ko some tamieil reaper in his hour of ouse, Wliun »II tho lishls aro lying brown and bare. . Tho gray barns, looking from tho linzy hills.., . v Olor tho dim wa tern widening in tho,vales, . ?.,,?>?: ?;. . Sent down.tho air n greotlng to the mills: » ??.?i On tho dull thunder of nltornute flails. .,«.>,-.. All sights wera mollnwed mid nil sounds subdued," Thu hills seemed furthernnd the stronms snug low ; As in II dream, thu distant woodman hewed ff is winter log with many a niulllcd blow. Tho ombattled forest?, eVowhilo armed in gold ?<* 'Thoir biinners bright With overy martial hue, \- Kow stood, Uko Binnu und heaton host of old, '^?Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. . On slumberous wings tho vulture tried his flight, Tho dove scarce hoard hisstghiue; mate's complaint, And, liku a star slow drowning in tho light, Tho village ohurch-vano «cerned to pnlu and faint. Tho sentinel cock upon tho hillside crow Crew thrice, and all wns stiller than bufore- , . Silent till Homo replying wanderer bluw Hid alien hom, and then was heard no more, , Where erst tho jay within tho elm's tall crest Mudo garrulous troubles round thu inilh-il^ed you ng ; And where tho onoto hung hor swaying nest, Hy every light wind Uko a censer swung ;. Where sang thu noisy mannus of ibo onvea, Thu busy swallows circling ever near, Foreboding, ns tho rustió mind believes, Au early harwst and n pluutoous year ; Whero every bird which charmed the vernal fenit 1 Sho.ilj thu sweet slumbur from its wings at morn, To wann tho reapers nf thu rosy east All now was snngless, empty, mid forlorn. Alone, fruin out thc stubble, piped thu quail, And emailed thu crow through all thu dreary gloom ; Alone thu pheasant, illumining in the vale, Mudo eeho to tho distant cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom, upon tho howers ; The spiders wove their thin shrouds night by night ; Tho Ihistlu-down, tho only ghost of llower.», Sailed slowly by-passed noiseless out of sight. Amid nil this, in this most cheerless air. And where th« woodbine sheds upon the porch' its crinum) leaves,.as if the years stood thero Firing thc lloor with his inverted torch Amid all lili?, the centre nf the seuno, Tho whito-liaired matron, with monotonous tread, flied her swift wheel, and with her joyteis mien Sat like a Fate, and watched the (lying thread. She had known Sorrow. Hu had walked with her, Oft supped, ami broke with her thu.ashen crust; And in thu dead leaves still she heard thu stir Of his black mantle trailing in the dust. Whilo yet her cheek was bright with sumincr bloom, flor country summoned, and shu gave bur all ; And twice War bowed to lier bis fabio plume Ru.gavo tho swords to rust upon her wall, lio-gavo the swords-but not thu hand that drew, And struck for lihurty thu dying blow ; Nor him who, to his sire and country t.ruu, Fell 'mid thu ranks of thu invading foo. Lon>;, but not loud, thu droning whuel went on, Like the low .murmur of a hive ut noon ; Long, but not loud, thu mummy of thu gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremulous tuno. At Inst the thread iras snapped-bur hoad was bowed ; Lifo dropped tho distal!' through his hands sereno, And loving neighbours smoothed her careful shroud, While Death and Winter closed tho autumn scene. 