AfiHicuLTrKisTs; scientific men, and others interested ' in cereal products have for many years been trying to ascertain the cause of red rust, a disease which makes wheat-growing in the colonies a very precarious occupa tion. Its presence in the crops at the present time is causing much anxiety. Some localities have .suffered more than others. In the neighborhood of Hoyle tpn and on the western plains towards Yorke's P.eninsula the damage ^done appears to fee^ very great. The farms in. the vicinity of Crystal Brook and extending to Port Pirie are also badly affected, and a large area of cultivated land which it was intended to reap has been mown for hay. The disease is not limited to the localities mentioned, for it is Been in almost .every .wheat-field in the colony, though in many places in a mild form. Various theories have jbeen put forth from time to time as to the prpduciDg cause of the disease, but no means used to check it have been euccesBful. It is pretty geoerally ad mitted that it is a fnngue, and when the weather is favorable to its active development the damage done to the crops is correspondingly great. The presence of email red insects in vast numbers in the wheat-fields has given rise to much speculation amongst the Northern farmers. Many persons are of opinion that the insect produces the rust, and the members of the Port Pirie iranch of the Farmers' Association have become so interested in the matter that they are taking steps to solve the question. An appeal was made to the Government for a scientific man to be sent to that neighborhood to examine theinsectand the crops that are infested and report thereon. With praiseworthy promptitude the Commissioner of Crown Lands has dispatched Mr. Moorhouse, an eminent naturalist, to report on the insect, and we hope that the report will be made public at an early date. We are not prepared; to ridicule the idea of the insect being the cause ofthe disease. It is even pos sible that it may so, puncture the leaves and stalks of wheat as to arrest the free flow of the sap; and cause it to exude on the outer surface, where, under atmospheric influences, active fungoid life may be produced: For instance, the small insect that infests the peach *ree -punctures .the leaves, checking the flow ofthe sap, producing excrescences, and causing the. leaves to curl and die. . The. beauty of the trees is for a time marred, and not unfrequently the fruit shrivels and falls. The flow of sap, however, is so great in the tree that fresh leaves shoot forth, and after a time it regains a healthy appearance. It is very different with cereals. The small fibrous roots oi the plant only penetrate a few inches into the ground, and are easily affected by drought or by insects, extracting the moisture from any portion of the plant. When, the grain is in its soft milky state a slight check to the growth of the' plant by whatever -means occa sioned, must render the grain imperfect and injure the sample andyielii.: ,Tlie farmers know this to their isoBt, and tiiey are at their wits' end to know how it may be prevented. Were the cause of rust fully under stood there might be some prospect of finding an antidote sufficiently effica cious to render wheat- growing , leas precarious than it has been forauum ber of years. ~ Some persons' consider that the insects seen in the wheat crops do not produce red rust; they are verypronolinded in 'their 'opinion, and even ridicule the idea. It is sard that such insects have been seen fre quently iu the wheat-fields/ and be cause of that it is supposed that they are harmless j but statements of that kind prove nothing. The insects must derive nourishment from some source, and surely it .is but reasonable to imagine that they {eed oh 'the plant they infest. The aphides seen on. the rose tree show unmistakeably that they are nourished by the sap of that plant, and if they are allowed to remain the flowers instead of being healthy become sickly and unsightly, the American blight on the apple tree is. another proof that the different varieties or the aphis cling to the plant, pr tree that is natural for them to live upon.' Some seasons may be more favorable to the development of the red insect lately 6een on the -wheat p'iant 'than others, and that may account' for the greater spread of rust in one year than an other. Grasshoppers are not always alike plentiful, but when they do come and alight on a green wheat-field they give unmistakeable proof as to what |hey jea|. ; £fjt is really an insjpctjthait produces red rust in the wheat crops a remedy may. be found that will destroy it in the first stages of its growth. It is -admitted that the seed, pickled with bluestone, lime, urine, : and other substances is to a great extent a pre ventive of smut, as it kills T the spores on the grain that would produpe smut. Perhaps some stronger solution mieht be applied to the seed to destroy .the vitality in the egg of the red insect that might be attached to the grain used for seed, or perhaps the larva that might exist .amongst the etored wheat. This is a matter, in which we are deeply interested, because it affects the agricultural interest, and were a remedy found that would enable the farmer to' cope with red rust an impetus would be given, to agriculture that would gladden the heart of every Colonist.-' ??- ???'?'- ~ '?'??. '???'?': -?'::.. VI The spread of pleuro- pneumonia amongst the herds in this colony is becoming a serious matter, and this is- greatly due to the in difference of the Government when the disease was first introduced. The affected cattle were allowed to, be sold and distri buted in the various settled districts, to the great injury of farmers and others who had cattle. The appointment of a few Inspectors, who are stationed far apart, only proves a isource of annoyance to the public. They apparently have the power to do ps they please, and if so disposed. their action might be felt to be unjust and arbitrary. It was so in one instance to our knowledge, and. from reports to hand there is cause to fear that more than one person has been hardly idealt with. We admit it is right that, diseased cattle should be destroyed in order to prevent infection, but before they are killed it is requisite that they should be in spected by a competent person, The bare report of another person is not enough to warrant the destruction of a beast by an In spector. Were such a practice to be tolerated no owner of cattle would be safe. A person actuated by malice or other causes might write to an Inspector stating that such and such a person had a beast suffer ing from pleuro, and that dignitary might authorise the destruction of the beast. The case we wish specially to bring under notice is the injustice that has been done to .a widow. in OLire wbo endeavors to ''earn'^ain' honest livelihood by keeping a few head of dairy cattle. Some four or five months ago a cow belonging to the poor woman got at a bag of brewers' grain, and partook too freely of it, The^ beast suffered iii conse quence, «nd was lor.a time myci» swgllen, and breathed heavily. A few persons who professed to know a little about stock at once concluded lhat the animal was suffer ing from pleuro. The Inspector was com municated with, and by his instructions the cow was shot; 'This was a serious lose to the widow, and had the few remaiinu,; head she possessed shown any symptoms oi the disease at the time the probability is that they would have been destroyed like wise. We refer to this matter because the beast that was killed was perfectly free from pleuro. A. large portion of the lungs of the beast was brought to our office, where it was examined' by a leading Ade laide veterinary surgeon' who unhesitatingly said that it showed no iymptonu whatever of pleuro. The owner d the beast was thus wronged, and being 'a-pjor woman her loss was something considerable; The corres pondence that passed' on the subject was placed in the hands of the Hon. J. G: Ram say, as it was hoped that by his stating the case to the Commissioner of Grown Lauds some compensation would have been madb to the woman. We understand the Com missioner admitted that a wrong had been done, but said he had no funds at his dis posal to meet such a case. We contend that owners of cattle should not be placed in such a false position, and if Inspectors are appointed they ought to see the cattle supposed to be diseased before ordering them to bV destroyed. In this case the public should come to the help of the widow to enable her to .sue .the /Inspector for .his wrongful action. The evidence of one of the most Skilful persons in the colony could be had to prove that the beast was free from disease, and also that of another skilful per son 'who waB with him when' he examined the lungs of the cow. Apart from the loss to the poor woman, the principle' involved should incite the public to test the case in a court of law. Without assistance the wo man is unable to prosecute, but we should think that bow the matter is made known the residents of this town and neighborhood will not allow a gross injustice of the kind to pass unnoticed. Criminal Sittings. — There are thirty cases down for hearing at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, which com mence on Tuesday, December 7. There are two cases of murder, one of manslaughter^ three of forgery, and others horse-stealing, assaults, larceny, &c.; New Magistrates.— It is notified in the Gazette of November 25 that the following gentlemen have been appointed Justices of the Peace : — Dr.T. K. Hamilton and Messrs. Jl F. Davey and R; B. EVirrar, of Laura ; Messrs. M. P. Dowdy and A. Galloway, of P;ortGermein. Impjiisohed RATEPArBHsi^-At midday on Thursday last about a dozen ratepayers assembled in the Town Hall, Clare, to at tend the municipal nominations. After the papers had been duly read by the Town Clerk, and the Mayor had concluded a brief speech; -the patriotic few were in the act of cheering past and present officers when a gust of-wind made the hall door join in the chorus by closing it with' a furious clash. The door could not be opened from the in side, and the inmates looked at one another in blank dismay. One more impatient than the rest put his eye to the keyhole,-and shouted as the inhabitants .of the outer world passed by, hut his' 'Efforts were iinr availing,' Fortunately the Ifey *was inside the door of the small room at the rear of the building, and one of the 'prisoners made his escape over the1- back wall and in due time liberated his colleagues. '..[.-. Railway /T^Aima-i-The^folfowing is a summary of traffic on South Australian rail ways for the week ending November IS : — Port 'Ifiifr— iPassengers, £819^9s:.9d;*good8 £605 7s 4d: ' ' North' Uie^-Passengera, £l,3678slldVgbou'-i; £3,102 16a lOd. Ham ley Bridge, Wakefield, Wallaroo, and Snow town line — Passengers, £262' 3s lOd ; goods, £494 3s 8d. Port Pirie find Jamestown line — Passengers, £143 Ss 6d; goods, £.4|0jl8s lid. Port Broughton and Barunga line — Passengers, 17s ; goods, £2 19s lOd. Port Augusta and Government Gums — Passengers, £94 15s ^cods. £333.0$ 2d. Passenger REToWs-^These- returns for the week ending Sat urday,Nov. 20, give a total of 196 inwards, and 395 outwards. Staple Pboducb IlETcbke.— The re turns of the staple produce of the colony, exported during the week ending Saturday, November 20, give a total value of £137,190. Lkatheb-Cutttng Machine. — Mr. J.. Jones, bootmaker, Clare, has procured a valuable-labor-saving machine. It is used for' cutting the soles and heel-pieces for making boots and shoes. The leather is wetted and rolled or hammered in the usual way before going to the machine. It will cut out more in one hour than one man can do in a day by hand, and there is not so much waste of leather with -the machine. In the hands of an expert the machine will cut out in an hour sufficient stuff for making from 25 to 30 pairs of boots, and it could thus keep a dozen men employed putting them together. By using machinery of this description the makers are able to supply the public with well-made articles at a low figure. Pboduce Expoets. — During the week ending Saturday, Nov. 20, the total quantity of flour exported was 601 -tons; wheat, 49,465 bushels. The Auburn Assault Cask. — George Holmes, who assaulted the Wilsons, gave himself up at the Auburn Police Station on Thursday .evening. He was brought before Mr. F. Treloar J.P., on Saturday morning at the Auburn Court-house, and remanded till Thursday. . He appears 'to feel his posi tion very much. He has a wife and seven children, the youngest a'baby in arms. The Wilsons are progressing as well as can be expected. No unfavorable symptoms have, appeared. New Polling Places.— The following additional polling places-have been ?declared in the electoral district of Stanley : — Mun-: doora, Snowtown, and Spalding. Cable News. — London telegrams in the Adelaide dailies state that County Wexford is iu a very disturbed state, and the peasan try are threatening that if the landlords at tempt to hunt they will assemble and prevent them from doing so by force of arms. — Fuller reports to hand regarding the occu pation of Dulcigno by force under Dervish Paaha somewhat modify the first accounts received on November 25. The Albanians offered strong resistance, and a sanguinary struggle took place before the Turkish com mander was allowed to enter the town. The losses on both aides were severe. Dinner to Mr. Hilt..— On Thursday, evening a number of friends in response to an invitation from Mr. F. C. Gray, as sembled at the Northern Hotel to partake of a spread in. honor of Mr. A. W. Hill, that gentleman being about to take up his residence in Adelaide. He has been a resi dent of Clare for some considerable time ; he was in the late Mr. Hosier's office, and afterwards with Mr. Carter, but was leaving for the City to better bis position. Watch Manufactory. — Special atten tion is called to the price-list of the Roda-; now Manufacturing Company, of Boston,^ published in another column. All those wishing to secure an excellent and correct timekeeper are recommended to address themselves to this old and reliable firm No further evidence of the invariable good quality of their manufactures will be re quired beyond the following facts : — The firm was established in 1849, and since then have gained prize medals at the Exhibitions of London, Paris, Vienna, &c;, for excel lence of manufacture. They are appointed by warrant watchmakers to the .Queen of England, Prince of Wales, the Emperor of Russia, and the Bey of Tunis. The Lilliputians.— This talented com pany performed in the Town Hall, Clare: on' Saturday evening to a tolerably good house. The youthful performers carried out the programme with considerable- spirit and ability. The singing of the young ladies took immensely. The Irish sketches were highly amusing, but the burlesque and tragedy were slightly overdone. The con-; undrums were profuse, some of which were new and pithy, but it is time that the old stock that has been carried about by every comedy company for the last 20 years should be interred, and no attempt made to resus citate it. The dancing was executed ad mirably by both sexes, and highly appre ciated by 'the audience. The youthful wife walker displayed marvellous ability, and though he had to perform under difficulties he accomplished his task without making a false move. The fastenings were not alto gether secure, which caused the wire to slacken a little, but the feats were accom plished nevertheless;' The negro farces, stump speech, &c;, were amusing in the ex treme. The company again performed very successfully on Monday evening to a good house. We predict a successful tour in the North for this company. We ought not to omit that the three musicians by their skil ful playing contributed greatly to the suc cess ofthe entertainments. ???* ~ Professor Pepper. — It is notified in our business column's that Professor Pepper will give entertainments in the Town Hall, Glare, on December 4, 6, and 7, and we are, surd that the popularity of. the Professor will' secure for him- large audiences. He can by the aid of science produce grand spectacular effects. - The ' exhibition in various forms of his 'ghost' is admitted to be something wonderful., He does not profess to' bring f6rwafa' 4 anything Super natural, but honestly admits that it is an ' illusion.' The Kapunda Herald says ' the scene of Cupid and the love-letters, in which a lady with more on her mind than on her shoulders was eeen reading the.lbye letter wben tor her -srbBe ^Cupid, 'whb'm4 ehe tried to grasp, but he proved a veritable shadow without substance, although he managed to do much mischief. The next service into which the' ghost was pressed was to represent the white lady so familiar to the renders of the ' Mysteries of Udol php.' .Nextwe.had the.cruel uncle of the babes' in the wood' doing his annual 'penance of standing up in his. bones in his coffin; and a comic scene ' Umbrella courtship,' in which- the ghost not only! dances, but also sings. Now for a change the wonders of the microscopic slides were exhibited, and. fine niuslin and lace were shown .to be very far from fine. As the Professor put it, whenever you greatly, magnified man's work it lost by the test, but the more highly the Great Creator's works were magnified the more beautiful did they appear, as was evidenced by those views which showed a section of ivy, butterflies' wings, &c.; Some of the objects were shown under a magnifying power of 30,000 times, and their magnitude was astonishing. A fine needle took some seconds to traverse the screen, and whilst it looked anything but fine its eye alone was some feet in ex tent. * * * The shadow pantomime brought the programme to a conclusion, and this was really a dangerous portion of the entertainment, for its mirth provoking qualities were such as to cause great risk of aide splitting. On the whole the entertain ment was, as al! Professor Pepper's are, first class of its kind, and most enjoyable. K^* The Cash Man. — There is one stere keeper in Clare who 6ells for cash, and, of course, it is no wonder he is freely patronised, as persona who buy for cash make tt saving of about 7s in the £1, by pntroniaing James Silver, next door to J. Fels's. James Smith, a resident of Brompton Park, and who had been drinking heavily, died suddenly on Thursday evening last. 