QUID NUNC? Uoiv’s that for hitth, partner?—Ai.i. p-oeut.. Tin: world is troubled. There In; signs of a coming commotion : signs no bigger than n mtut’s hiiml ; Imt it is coming m-.vrrtheU-s-, coming sure ami certain. For thousands of years a mighty giant, meek, humble, and harmless as an infant; blit lerrible in its wrath and of illimitable power and strength, has slumbered on the face of the earth. It has been trodden on, had its ears pulled, pins stack into it, kicked, and maltreated, and been jeer'd and scorned, and bound vrith fetters and laden with obloquy. But at length, and at last, it moves, there are symp toms of an awakoiiintr. and its puny, feeble tormentors lilerally tremble in the very bunts with which they have so often and in humanely welted its ribs and spurned it. 'This patient, long suffering, long slumbering ass, crouching unconsciously for centuries, under heavy bunions is the will and power of the people, the might of great masses, who toil and sow that others may reap. In liussia it is characterised as Nihilism, in Germany, Socialism, in France, Communism, and in the British Empire, Liberalism. Bat it is one and the same thing everywhere, and everywhere it is attempted to bind it down and crush it out by despotism, terrorism, and all the other “isms” that tyranny can devise. The fortitude with which it has borne and forborne, shows that it has more tenacity and life in it than all the cats in creation ; ill fact, that it is chainless and undying. In regions less advanced than our owr. empire feeble brute force is still applied to it, and though its movements— if it moves at all—are almost imperceptible, it is accused and condemned of a thou sand sins and monstrosities in order to pump up a little sympathy for its torturess. With Englishmen, however, that course lias been to a great extent abandoned ; for al though tile half-fed millions are kept in sub jection at the point of the bayonet and taxed to find tile means for their own “ proper” control, a keener weapon has been found for attacking the principles and opinions of the masses. What, cannot he done by- force is managed by fraud and duplicity, and when all else fails only get well-directed ridicule, how ever stupid and absurd to bear, and the game is won. Thus Liberalism is continually and malevolently assailed, and under tlie title of Socialism or Communism silly falsehoods are circulated respecting the lawless doings, or still more unlawful designs of the lazy and thriftless against the careful and well doing. Peurile inventions are retailed aboutdemanda for a common distribution of all property, and when the drunken and indolent have frittered away tlieir portion, another divi sion until there is nothing left to divide. And yet the very people who are the objects of this ridicule and tattle believe in it I For the very reason that man is nowhere, and cannot live without a ghost to haunt and wori'y him, and gossip about. In all ages and stages superstitious belief in the un earthly, unlikely, and unreal prevails, and child and man alike, no matter what then education, intelligence, or position may be, are more likely to be led astray by, and give credence to absurd improbabilities than i incontrovertible facta. Tiius we find that the double-dyed primitive black will turn pale at the bare mention of an uncanny debil debil of his own oreation, while he is ready to face half-a-dozen demons of his own kith and kin ; and children and grown men will pull the tail of a wild mustang or play with a bear, while their hair will stand on end at the dread idea of passing the lonely quiet grave of a long departed nnccstor. Men of all grades, from the most refined, courageous, and educated, to the veriest, uncouth, unlettered coward will face the cannon’s mouth rather than the keen cutting sting of ridicule. A knowledge of, and trading on these simple facts by the wily and unscrupulous, bars the social and intellectual advancement of mankind mote than aught else beside ; for few will play with their personal superstitious and uncer tain beliefs, or brave the satire of their fellows. What else has led to the fall of Liberalism in Victoria than the gross unfair satire, and unjust ridicule with which its leaders were continually attacked and maligned. We all had to have a joss of our own imagination to keep us in terror, and knowing human weakness the Conservatives chalked one out, and christened it the “Berry Blight." Last week I remarked that “ the Conservative rule of action at home, as well as in Victoria, is to tell lots of crammers and thioiv plenty of mud,”- to excite a feats of others so that they may he left unwatched to handle the cards-at will. As a further proof in support of the asser tion, here is an extract from a speech made ■ by Sir William Ilarcourt, at Birmingham :— There is a manufacture in which Birming ham stands alone—it is the emporium of Conservative bogeys. That is an article of large consumption and constant demand. Every Tory must have a bogey, indeed, two bogeys—a foreign bogey and a domestic bogey. Russia supplies the former and Bir mingham supplies the latter. But this fetish is not constant. They change the object from time to time both at home and abroad. France, Germany, and America have in turn competed with Russia for the foreign supply, but I think of late years at least Birmingham has enjoyed the domestic monopoly of Tory bogeydom. I remember the time when the senior member for Bir mingham was the great bogey of the Tory party. But these heretics have the habit both of burning what they adorned, and of adorning what they burned, and, accord ingly. 3Ir Bright has been deposed from the high rant of a destructive spirit to the infetior grade of a guardian angel—and by a sort of apostolic succession Mr Chamberlain has been consecrated the arch-bogey of Toryism. You will hear the Conser vatives say of us poor ordinary mortals— “ Well, you are bad enough, but wo could do with you if it were not for that terrible Chamberlain behind.” I confess I had some curiosity to examine for myself the attributes of this dragon of Birmingham, by terror of whose name Tory mothers keep their infnnts in order. Well, sir, I have seen him, and, after an experience of twenty-four hours under bis roof, he appeared to me—perhaps it was n delusion of the evil one—to partake of the common qualities of our nature. He eats, drinks, and sleeps like other mortals, and with all my vigilance 1 have not yet detected llie cloven hoof. I am not confident that ho is absolutely sound on all the articles, but that is only because I have not been able fully to explain them to him. However, there is one creed which he and I hold firmly in common, and its first article is to abjure her Majesty’s Government and all their works. Some forty years ago, so great was the dread and hatred of the Conservative party of Mr Bright, that papers in its pay would not grant him the small courtesy pf putting Mr to his name: He was Bright, the radical and demagogue, aud slights and insults were showered upon him, because he happened to be half a century ahead of his compeers in thought. Great changes have occurred, the huge creature public has given itself a shnke or two since then, and the rHregrats ran on ward impelled by fear. Many things the douL'htw champion asked for and predicted have come to pass, and while he lias re mained firm and true at his post, his col league has passed him, and as a consequence bears the brunt of the odium. So will it, be with our Liberals here. The leaders as yet are imbued with old world notions ami pre judices ; hut a young Australian party shall arise ere long, and advance without these fears or trammels, a party whose strictly, just, and inexorable demands shall as far exceed those of present advanced thinkers, as the Liberalism of the Berry party out strips that of the free*trade and land-ring coalition. 