TEE HOP BITTERS CO. INTERNA i- TIQNAL. REGATTA. The great aqnaiio contest for the Hop Bitters Company's, prize commenced yesterday on tu6 River Thames in England. It will he remem bered that in May last Hanlan beat Courtney in a match of- this kind, and in Jnne the same company oftered 5/)0'v dollars to be rowed for on the Seekonk River at Providence, R.I, and while competing for that event Hanlan, w*>o was the favorite, suffered defeat at the hands of Wallace Ross, an American oarsman, whom he had previously beaten. The race was witnessed by forty or fifty thousand people, and was regarded as a gift to Hanlan. The favo rite, however, broke down very early in the contest, and complained of sickness that he could not account for. In describing wl'ut took place the Turf, Field, c:>* Farm says:—"Edward Hanlan, who was thought to be invincible, wa; fc.;.dly beaten by Wallace Ross. The champion, who had beaten again and again the picked men of both hemispheres, and wbo never before was forced to row his best to win a race, met his Waterloo on this day, and iastead of beiDg first in what was termed the world's regatta, was absolutely last. None were more surprised than he at the result. He was in prime condition and confideuGof a good place, if not the first. It is not in the nature of the man to be afraid or auj body, and ki3 past suc cesses have naturally given aim a well-earned right to be confident—confident in his luck as well as in his awn skill am. staying powers. He complains of having been seized with the old pain in bis side, cf wLich he had a touch at Washington. When the attack cama on he was ahead of everybody, although Ros3 was coming along a good seccnd,and it is by uo means sure . that Hanlan could have kept bis lead, even if he had not been attacked. Hanlan's record is too good a one to give critics the obauce of saying that this was doubtless one of those curious sicknesses to which boatmen are so liable, especially when they are being hard pushed by a competitor. Hanlan was un doubtedly sick and showed it, and that was his misfortune. At half-past 5 Referee Curtis gave the word go, and at the Btart Hanlan showed a trifle ahead when they had gone a hundred yards or so and straightened out to their work. At this point they shot by the Kelpie. Ross and Riley were scarce a dozen feet behind, however, while the .Englishman hah dropped a tan lengcn even in that sh«rt distance. Then the Eel pie steamed up and followed them. They were then rowing in this order: Hanlan, Boss, Lee, Biley, Plaisted, and Boyd, with the others close astern. Opposite Ten-mile Biver bridge Hanlan and Boyd were way down on the Seekonk shore, the latter fully five lengths astern. Boss and Lee, and Biley and Plaisted were paired off on the other side of the coarse, and the pace was a rousing one. Plaisted rowed for his life for the first two miles, and forced Boss and Biley to their best to keep away from him. Boss kept well separated from the others, and soon hanled Lee under his stern (and began to draw away from him. Hanlan headed diagonally up the river, and at the Bntler wharf he had crossed the course of the boats which intervened atth6 start, and brought himself directly ahead of Biley at Swan Point, half a mile further up. Boss had made up his loss, and he and Hanlan were neck and neck. This was the last that could be seen of Boyd from the Eelpie, for the balance of the race, and at this point about all the boats be came undistinguishable. They could be just seen, after a little, turning the stake, and so the Eelpie was turned about in readiness for the down trip and lay to, to wait for them. All eyes were strained to distinguish the leader. A bare backed fellow was seen to be ahead. Who was he ? Not Hanlan—Hanlan had on a blue shit i. But where was Hanlau ? Not second either, for the eecond man had a white shirt on. Ah, that must be him, the third, a dark-shirted -'ndividual. No, not-even third. The dark-shirted chap proved to he Gaudaur. But who were the others? Sud denly', " Great Caesar! it's Boss," from one of the party,and almost instantly from another," Til it's Eiley's red breeches second." And then there were some blank faces. The great unbeatea was nowhere. From this point the race belonged to Boss, and they finished in the fcl'-wing order: —Wallace Boss, four miles, with a turn, time, 29 min. 54 sec.; James H, Biley, four mils?, with a turn, time, 30 min. 30£ sec.; James A, Ten Eyck, four miles, with a" turn, 30 min. 53 sec. The others were not beaten, as the ord tr in which they finished is [shrouded in a most unsatisfactory uncertainty. The Englishman, Boyd, failed to make a good showing", finishing either fifth or sixth. The first prize was §3,000, the second §1,500, and the third §500." For the contest which is now taking place in England the company have offered §5,000, which will no doubt be divided into- three prizes as at Providence. It will Se seen by our London telegrams that Hanlan and Blackman have declined to take part in this affair. As Blackman was beaten so recently by Laycock he could not have much ohance against his conqueror, but it might have been supposed that Hanlan conld have carried off the prize had he competed. The mode of rowing the race has no doubt influenced him in declining the contest. It is to take place in heats, and seventeen com petitors are said to have entered for the event. Leaving a margin for those who will retire there will be at least a dozen to row off in pairs, and under any circumstances the winner would have to row three heats of four miles each, so that victory is likely to fall to the more powerfal rather than the more speedy oarsman. Probably Hanlan's staying powers are not sufficient for a contnst of this description, and, therefore, he declines it. As Laycock is apparently in better fettle than Trickett, he should have a great show of win ning; but, the manner in whioh the men are drawn against each other will have much to do with the final result of the contest, which will. iasi over tnree or rour uays. The idea of an American patent^ medicine company promoting aoch a race as this in Eng land basroused the ire of the leading snorting journals, and BdPs Life's aquatic correspondent, writing on October 2, says:—"The company who have •physicked' the Yankees pretty considerably, are cow going to try some of * their 'stuff" on John Bull, and, 'heaven forfehd!' set about the task of regenerating rowing in this country! We are assured that no mercenary motives have induced them to make such a large offer oE gold to English rowers—they have a "Sonle" above anything of the kind, but one can hardly think so, as the name of this aquatioaliy enterprising company appears so very frequently in the special communications that are published by those whom tbey have thought St to patronise. Can such things be ? English rowing revivod by speculative Americans! Why, it is eoough to make the ghosts of Coombss, Col6, Chambers, and Renfoifch rise, from their graves, and pro test against this shocking deseoration of what was in their days the sport of which all English men were so proud. I suppose, however, it "matters little to tho professional where the money, comes from; the ' winter's oorn' must be got, and it ia. of 110 consequence from Lis point of view whether the. wealthiest nobleman in the land or a venlar of quaok medicines "provides the needful. I . . . . England, the greatest, maritime country in. the world, is without a national j regatta. If . any public company had a legiti mate right to advance the .interests of rowing, surely it was that to which all our river steamers belonged that tried some time ago to revive the national regatta, and if even there was a little' .' business' at the bottom, why the same sort of. thing pervades nearly every sporting gathering , in this ' nation of shopkeepers.' But Yan kees coming amongst ns to make money out of rowing—ye gods! it is a disgrace to the whole English fraternity. Unless interested motives are brought to bear, I fear there is little chance for rowing. Oarsmen have no such institution as the Marylebone Club, and even in the zenith of aquatics, the proud title of champion of England was only marked by so many sovereigns. The first championship cup wsb provided by a news paper,". The Sporting Life of September 18 also says" Possibly the Hop Bitters Company may have hit upon a plan of giving rowing a lilt, and at the same time getting a return for their outlay, but should the initial venture come off the exemplars mav find some strange fol lowers. It is not likely that the advertising genius of onr ■ own medicine men will be long dormant, and in the future Cockle's Pills and cricket, Allen's Hair Restorer and athletios,. Chlorodyne and coaohing may b9 associated. The Bitters people are willing to take the risk on the chance of getting their name np, and if they put their money down for the scullers to take, the last-named will be amongst them, at all events, better by the amount given, while the public will have an opportunity of assisting at a meeting which, if the Rochester firm had not wanted an advertisement, would not have taken place. To give the show a chance of suc cess one thing is strictly necessary, viz, the countenance of a committee experienced in the management of big matches. If the shop be cariied one step further than the exchange of the title for the sum offered, another snob as the American fascos will result. As an occasional experiment this venture may not do harm make a permanent institution of it and a pre mium will be put on crosses and wrangles." Since the above was in tyne we leam by cable gram that there are fifteen competitors, and that as drawn it is probable eaoh heat will com prise four oarsmen, who will have to row abreaBt from Putney Bridge to Ohlswiok Church, where l each man'will turn round his own buoy p-H i row back to the starting point. In the first heat there are Laycock, Elliott, H&wdou;, and Barrier. In the second heat Biley, Bobs, Largen, and Healey. In the third heat Smith, Hosmer, Gibson, and Anderson, aud in the fourth heat Trickett, Nicholson, and Clasper. It will be seen by the "draw"for places that both Laycock and Trickett have a geed show of beating the men against whom they have to compete in the first rouud. Laycock should win the first heat; Rjss the second; the third we are in donbt about, but Trickett should win the fourth. In the row off if the four victors came together Trickett ought to beat Laycock if he is in any thing like the form in which he has on several occasions defeated him on the Paramatta Eiver; but Boss, the man who beat Hanlan in the last Hop Sitters is a much better man than many pose, and is the only one -.m paper who is likely to bring about the overthrow of the Australians. Should the heats be con tested in any other way than in fours Laycock will have a better look in than Trickett,because at the present time he seems to have more stamina than his countryman, and be iu better training. We shall look to Trickett,, Laycock, and Boss to cairy off t!>u three Hop Bitters prizes. 