DELORAINE. (From a Correseondent.) Sunday, the 5th of Dec., was a day long to be remembered by the people of Deloraine. As announced during the week, the opening of the Deloraine Taber nacle took place on that day. The morn ing was beautifully fine, and half an hour before the time appointed a large number of people had gathered round the Taber nacle. When the doors were opened, the seats were soon occupied ; more seats having to be provided by placing forms along the passages. Some estimated the number of people present at between 300 and 400. The opening -hymn, composed by C. H Spurgeon, commencing, " The Holy Ghost is here," was exceedingly ap propriate. Mr Thos, Spurgeon preached the morning sermon, first reading part of viii. chapter of the First Book of Kings, commencing at the 22nd verse, and chose for his text thellatter part'of the 30th verse of the same chapter, and delivered a sermon in his usual masterly style. The collection amounted to over £5. In the afternoon, Mr Harrison gave an address to the children and young people, from the "Wordless Book." e showed them a book of simply four colours, opening it first all black, then red, then white, and lastly gold, very clearly ex plaining the black to represent sin ; the red, the blood of Christ; the white, Christ's righteousness; and the gold, the golden harps and the streets of Heaven. The meeting was also well attended. In the evening Mr Spurgeon opened the meeting, and Mr Harrison preached from Ecclesiastes 3rd chapter and part of second verse, "A time to die," and in his faithful manner urged upon the hearers the necessity and desirableness of at once making their peace with God. The evening collection amounted to about £13, Mr and Mrs Gibson giving each £5. The Tabernacle is the gift of Mr Gibson, of Perth, and is a very handsome and commodious building. It cost £1000 to erect, but Mr Gibson has also .generously provided seats, fencing, etc. We have no doubt it will be largely attended, Mr Harrison's ministry being much appreciated. A public meeting was held in the above named place on Monday evening, 6th inst., when there were present-Mr Gibson (in the chair), Messrs Gibson, jun., Spurgeon,Harrison, McCulloughl(of Longford), and Williamson (of Perth). Those who have heard these gentlemen will know that we had a rich treat, and we advise those who have not to hear them likewise. It is impossible to fail to realise that God has greatly blessed us by sending into our midst such faithful and earnest preachers of His Gospel, and we cannot doubt that He whose name is Jehovah will bless their efforts to win souls for Christ. An address was read by Mr Barrison to Mr Gibson and son, thanking them for their munificent gift. The address will be illuminated and presented to the Messrs Gibson. Dec. 6. 