mmm im verandah. — «, — The Speakorship ia not for poor Mr. Mur ray Smith after all. 'There is a eort of sym pathy felt Under the Verandah for this gentle man, who has done more for his party than any one else — and done it legitimately too — and who seems £o be always left out in the cold. Pirat he waa to have a portfolio, then ho was to be made Agent-Ueneral, then (Jhairman of Committees, then Speaker, and now — ia to re main content with virtue's plain reward. The' Ministry, it is said, are sadly hampered by promises made before the elections. Mr. Ser vice — whose party gave £50 for the production of the brutal farce Aga pemone at the People's Theatre — ia well acquainted with the definition of a promise given in the Happy Land. ' A promise is an undertaking given by a statesman out of office to do something which he doeim't intend to do when ui office.' The place and the ap plicants remind one of Jerrold'a atery of the pig and the teats! That shrewd observer of men and animals had remarked that there is always one pigling for whom the maternal now has failed to provide a teat. It is clear that the Houso cannot have more than one Speaker, and if Sir Charles M&cMahon; is to be that one, tho other pig linga must go without their nutriment. Poor Mr. Gaunson is in a tiniilnr condition. His late colleague, Bent, has been elevated to office, but he is not to share the npoil. The post of Chairman of Committees {vice Smith, omitted) was to have been his, but the Government have changed their minds. Gaunson is offered the whip-ship, but ho scorns that humble office, even though (as lie tclla everybody) .C1000 a. year is attached to it. Hamilton must be a nice place to live in, I should think. A resident there, in a letter to the paper the other day on the subject of diphtheria, characterised it na being ' the muddiest and most stinking ' of all towns. Tho city of Cologne, which had 50,000 stencheB, 'all well defined and several Btinka,' may approach Hamilton in the matter of per fumery. Mr. Samuels, however, does not except Cologne, so I suppose that the old 'Grange ' ia equal. '(0 the city of Farina. The reason that IjLf. Samuels gives for the peculiar ities of, Hamilton are at least rema'-kable. He Bays that the place smells abominably bo caused it is inhabited by squatters ! I con-, fess'^tbat I ( don't quiCe see the connection. Th'e slaughteryards and tho gutters orp surely, nio'reto 'blame than the pastoral tenants of the Crown. * But I am sorry to hear such bad news of the ? village whero' I have had some pleasant days. Hamilton fifteen years ago was a lively spot enough; There were giants in- those days. Men who could take their thirty tumblers of hot whisky without wink ing, and engage you at unlimited I90 afterwards in right royal Btyle. Who. remembers tho steeplechase won by the midshipman in spec tacles, who said frankly afterwards that, ho couldn't see the jumps, and ' so gave the mare licr head and let her rip?' AVI10 recollects tho story of the two brothers, who being.ber nighted eight miles from home, 'tossed' a coin by the light of a luoifcr to decide which should carry the other home? Jack ; lost, I believe, and 'humped' his kindred (13 St.' 12 lb.) into tho home station with only two ' spells.'. An amusiDg experience recalls itself to me, which I , will relate for the entertainment of the ? world and the special delectation of 'old identities.' I was stay ing with 'honest John Yates,' the sheriff (not in a compulsory manner, Mr. Blair), and being in tho .bachelor house alone one' morn ing, was saluted by an early visitor. ' A round, plump, jolly little man, not unconnected with the miller's interest, and born of a race which Thomas the Jthymer has immortalised. ' Mr. Yates' is not in, sir, but sit down, he will bo bock soon.1 : My name . is John Wellington Wells, allow mo to offer you refreshment.' Thus far. I, in the iuriooence of youth, and opening the.cupboard (wo didn't miscall things in those days),; reached' for tho well- known 'materials.' Alas! the cupboard was bare. Nothing there but such trifles as cheese, pickles, bread and bottled stout. To offer anything but whisky at 10l in the morning would have been to have belied our. hospitality. In much grief I burrowed rabbit-wise into the depths, and there, right at the back, snugly planted, was a keg: ? I got it out, and the visitor's eyes twinkled. ' Here it is,' ouid I, affecting ease, 'we keep it in bulk.' 'Don't mention it,' said the guest, and so, tapping the eight-gallon cask, I got out glasses, and left -him. About lunch time I saw Honest John at the hotel, and smilingly related tho circumBtaiicc. Tho good man's face turned pale. ' Great Coesar'a ghost,' he cried (or something equally amazing), and you left him atone with it !' His buggy was at the door with tho two white nags, whose speed was tlie sheriff's glory. Another instant and we were both being whirled to the bachelor home. The groom dasihcd out and seized tho horses. Breathless we descended, and burst open the pallor door. Too late ! Alick waa fast asleep — a sweet smile lying like a sun beam on hia placid meado\ylaml of cheek, and the keg vraa empty. The' poet M'Cutcheon' writca to say that he ia not a poet after all ! This is dis heartening, as I would willingly find some merit in every man, and if Mr. M'Cutcheon is not a poet ho is simply nowhere. There was some merit in the poetry ' To Home and Back.' There is none whatever iu the prosed Mr. M'Cutcheon says that the verses I quoted last week, and which he so generously dis covers, were ' written by ail esteemed citizen of Melbourne.' Had I known last week that Mr. Blair had visited Lome (in tho in terest of the Wcslcyan Spectator) I should havo guessed the authorship ? There is a classical elegance about DaviJ'H style which is all hia own. However, there is no harm dono. Let Mr. M'Outcheon receive my apologies, and Mr; Blair my compliments. It is rare indeed to find modesty thus happily mating with genius. ; Gentlemen desirous of capturing the Kelly s are requested to look spry. After the 20th of July next there will be no money hanging to it, «b we say Under the Verandah. Finding that a bait of £8000 won't fetch the ' sympathisers,' the Government have doter mincd to withdraw the reward. This is one of Service's savings. A friend of mine who saw Mr. Edward and liia mates in the solitudes of tho mountains tells me that they ore Hying in very comfortable case, and complain only that they don't get their morning papers regularly. Mr. Hart busies himBelf in plentiful leisure by writing for the Conservative journals, and Mr. Byrne supplies mo3t of the joke3 for Punch. Tho climate ib moist but not unhealthy, and the scenery superb. I cannot imagino a more pleasant existence than that led by the re cluses of Greta in their happy mountain home. Nothing of dignified idleness can compare with it except the life of a mounted policeman. How does the appointment of Mr. W. H. Archer to a sinecure billet square with the supposed economical policy of the Government? No sooner did Mr. Archer hear of the return of the Conservatives to power than he returned himself— from Sydney. Iustantly, on his arrival, it ia found that ho is the best man in the world to draw up a ' report' on the civil service, and lie has been dodging round the planet with a big umbrella au-l a bundle of books, looking like a faded caricature by Gil ray, ever Hince; There ia one claim, however, than ho cau advance for the post of squelcher of poor red-tape worms, which Mr. Archer certainly possesses, namely, that of being tho roughly uncongenial to everybody who lias ever officially associated with him. But is this sort of thing retrenchment ? Mr. Coppiu has a good many 'fads' which I cannot wholly approve, but in the matter of practical benevolence he gives many perhaps more ' charitable' men a lesson. The cere mony at the laying of the foundation stone of another Old Colonists' Cottage, which wasper formed on Monday, was a 'cheerful one. Mr. W. J.Ciarke gave the money— indeed this ex cellent man' is always to the fore when ' cash is required for a good object— and a gay old lady of 80 summers drank ' success to the Barloy-Mow' in a bum per of champagne, Coppin and Clarke respond ing hilariously. It ia good that thcro are provident individuals who take thought for the old and feeble, and in a young country like this the old faro but ill. I can imagine no ''new, departure' more trying to the norve3 than that one which ha^ to be - endured by an ? old colonist who has outlived his friends, and has no relative near him to press his hand and wish him Godspeed on his last voyage. . But tho'subject is not to be dwelt upon in this particular place. Lot us join with' old Mrs. Turner in toasting tho ' Two C.'s.' : To turn from geniality and good-nature to envy and malignancy. Some uriclean-raiiided man lias been sending to the writers and editors ot- The Age all sorts of anonymous ?scurrili- ties, some 'printed for private circulation,' (with ho printer's name to them), . and some written in a disguised hand. The iormor aro too obscene to quote j and the latter relate principally to private matters. This Bort of social .experience is interesting as showing what.dirty fellows there are in tho world ; but tills cose has peculiar features, inasmuch as the writer has been discovered to be a person formerly employed on the ^aper.- The rancor of the renegade1 is -proverbial!' I' 'came, upon a : '. fine example . of it ' :- the - other day' :?? in ' an old file of li- newspaper. It is -' called ?' -The Ethics of Journalism,'; and is a letter :;: addressed to '. Edward ?! Wilson, Esq., ? Argus,: office; and signed 'David' Blair.' Miv Blair begins by explaining, or ;rathor'«o{ explaining, the reasons whioh induced , him- to leayo Sydney, where he was^-amazing fact !—t', minister of a congregation in, Pitt-Btreot,' arid ''very well known, as a preacher.' When ho came to Melbourno he was engaged .on tho Argiis, and he modestly says ,' helped to N raise'* . that jouri. nal to 'an. unprecedented height of p'opula- , rity !' OFor'somo reason not 'explained' Mr. Wilson dismissed ' Mr. Blair, 'who ; was then taken 'On to' tho staff of ' 'She Age, whioh of course had. ah: ''unprecedented suc esss' during ' my connection with - it,' and de votedhis leisure to. moralising. on the demerits of Mr.'Wilson. Tli'erecahibe riodpubtofthe earnestness of: Mr. .Blair's, morality.; If he 'wrought' with his, congregation in Pitt-streeti half so.gallantly as lie did with tho editor of the Argus, he must havo done soul-stirring work. In the issue of 'Me Age for Monday, '? the 9th of April, 1858— the1 old habit of Sun day devotion evidently was strongon the rove rend ? gentleman— inay be read one of theso '' Blair'B Sernionsi' The preacher ia very hard upon poor Mr. Wilson. He accuses his late employer of being ' brutal,' 'cowardly,' and 'dangerous,' and elegantly describes his writing as being ' coined in the Bpirit of the paltriest dog's-meat man.' He says in conclusion, ' I am ready and able to defend myself against a worthy assailant, muc-h more against a contemptible one who deals in hints, and half words, and shy insinuations, and all these base arts of tho darkly revenge ful — the meanly malignant. In a word I fear neither the stiletto of the assassin nor the pen of Mr. Edward Wilson.' When Mr. Blair left The Age — much in the same way as he did' the Argus — he turned round upon Mr. Syme, much in tho same way as he did upon Mr. WiLson. But the' ethical' quality of the articles remains the same. I recommend the anonymous moralist to road theso extracted passages. I can give him plenty more of the same sort if ho wants them. ATTIG'US. 