[?] WKUBH FOLE-XiOBS. CoLLBnraa folk-lore is a delicate task. Most people are shyaof talking about what they are a little ashamed of believing. Emile Souvtstie in bis deligfatfol books about Brittany, and the Marquis of Ville marque, indefatigable oolleotor of Breton ballads, both toitifly to tbe diffloaltr of getting at the old tales. Tou are almost sure to freeze .people into silence if they think yon come as a collector and mean printing. To set their tongues going yon must be really eympatbetlo, and they must feel that you are. Thli if needful even in Ireland, where a more mixed race, oftener brought in contact with etraugen, is readier at talking. In Ireland it is about religious legends tbat people are moat reti cent, till tbey know you, and feel they can truBt you. Go to Lough Derg, the gloomy little lake in an unutteiably dreaiy swamp in Donegal, where ia Sfc, Patriak'a purga tory, bo famous in the middle age-, and, unless yon bring credentials of some kind, you will learn on the spot leu than you can read in a guide-book. But the sbyer Welshman will, ten to one. decline to talk about legends of any kind until you have found some way of opening his heart. This was also Mr. F. Campbell's experi ence in the West Highlands and islands, where he collected those tales thatertry folk-lore student ougbt to read. He found the language a woadprful help. The rain wbo would be ehort and gruff with a Southron will change, as if by magio, hU whole face and manner when bia ereeUntr. 'It's a, fine day,' is met with, 'Tha n' latha briaith' (tbe cUy is fine). 'Ton hare Gaelic f' he exclaimi. ''Tea will take my excuse by your Jeftvc, bat what part of the Gaeldom are you from F' And then follows a pleasant talk, and any etory that tho man has is readily told. But somotlmos Mr. Campbell found oven bis Qtelia insufficient. One old dame of over seventy, known to be sole possessor of several stories, when be used to try to bring tbe conversation round that way, woulo turn him aside with s 'Hush, my dear, tho urgtfcal (tale) ia all nonsense. God bleas you i I jknew your grandmother ; nnd her cousin used to look just as tou do aow:' and so it took a week's coaxing to get all her ursgeal out of the old woman. All honour, then, to Mr. Wirt Sykoa, United States Consul for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact as we -suppose tbe Amen. canB to bo) felt sympathy, r ,id convinced others that he felt it. He -had a grand field in Wales. Among Buch romantic eoenory old-world beliefs are sure to linger longest, but, as he says, you might live for yean in Wales, and yet never learn any thing about the folk-loro unless you go amongst the people, as he UoV care to do. and show them that you really think and feel with them, instead of letting them fancy you como as a collector. Mr. Sites has thoroughly worked South Wales, and Monmouthshire which ia more Welsh than Wales itself; and be bu worked, bo to speak, sympathetically, for in many of the Welsh beliefs he finds a curious parallel to tbe Bpiritualujm which iB so rampant in his Amerioan home. One is startled to Sod that among the' matter of-fact Yankees, '.in Cambridge, under the olaseio shadow of Harvard College,' ii a house bo badly haunted that a tenant who ventured to take it in 1877 was actually worried OQt of it Bnt of ghoit- ttoriei there is less need to speak, ai they are the common property ol the human race. There it nothing dis tinctly Welsh in a grand lady in high-heeled aboss with a long train of the finest silk stalking through the boose, and setting nil the dogs barking, as. Lady SlndliDg is said to do at St. Donafe Cattle, by tbe Nub Point, whenever any mischief is about to befali tbe family. Nor is the following wcll-aotheotieated tale abont * soion of a noble honro peculiar to tbe prioaipslity :— 11 Thomas 0-d0Ran bad large estates, but be was not satiefied, and was once tempted to ehlft bis neighbour'* land-mark, the neigh bour being a poor widow who owned a small freehold. So after bis death Oidonu bad to walk Ibis earth, till at last be made bold to confront a woman, who happened, rery late one evening, to be eroetlng a stile on a very lonely path. Bhe, forgetting for the moment both her grammar and (he fact tbat Oadogan was dead, cried: 'Mr. Cadogan. what does yon here thU time o' nigbt I' ? I waa obliged to come,' meekly replied the ghoet; and tben he instructed her to tell so-and-so to put back tbe stones in carder that he might have rest.' There is as ethical and utilitarian tone about this whioh Is sadly wanting in tbe fol lowing legend of tbe Biver Baeldol, near tbat veil-known tonrlafs haunt, Msobynlleth. Ottrln and David Q*yn were just married (1705), snd lived in a shepherd's hut, of whiob many oan still point out the rulna. One day, oomiog back from market with a party of neighbours, she parted from them abont two miles from home am) was never seen again. A fearfui etorm oame on, and a eorap of her red eloak being found on tbe edge of a anaking bog, it was believed sbe j»d tumbled In and been swallowed op. Her husband vent mad, the oottage fell to ruin, and to this day ' White Catti of the Grove Owm ' is dreaded as a malignant spirit who punts people into Ibe river or inveigle* i hem into bottomless morasses. Here we hare a surrlrsl of the feeling whiob maksn tha Stnlal, to India! offer a parting meal to tbe dead, accompanying it with the words : '?Now (to awsy; don't eotne near us any more. We're been very good to yon ; now stay away.' Neither are the stories about 'spectral animals distinctly Welsh, though they are extremely numerous amongst our Cambrian fellow subjects.. The dog— man's friend— eo invaluable to the sbejiherd, is saturally oredited with a life beyond the grave. 'It is bard to look into that dog's eyes,' said a Welshman to Mr. Bikes, 'and believe that he has not a bit of a soul to be saved.' The ghostly dog, howerer, is anally tbe reverse ot beneficent. One of the moat pewiitent ot WeUh legends Js that of 'J the Dog of Darkness,' with bis huge fiery eyei, which is told in the Wtbiuogion in almost he vary words in whioh 'Mr. David firewater, ot Pembrokeshire, ? religions man. said free from fe&r; aaA annMuljt inn.' described what 'betel him on .Coot Moor tx he was pissing the huge upright stones oniled' tho Devil's Nags/ He was sei.ed and thrown orer a hedge. ' Bat being, as ire said, 'far from «BperstiUon,' he went fcert day, taking with him* atrongsfight ing mastiff. When he oame by ? tbe Devil's Naga,' he caw a Jog-more terrible than tongue can tell. , In rain he eet his dog at It; the huge beast oronpaed/rightaned at his master's feet. Eren then brave David was not dismayed, bat took op a stone to fling at the nocanny creatures but euddeniya circle of fire, lighting up the gloom, showed the white snip down the dog's nose, and tils grinning .teeth and white tail, all, whioh signs marked him out as one of 'fhe Hogs of heU'(CwaAnnwn).' ;. ,. 'The 'ild huntsman as a personage,' Mr. Bikes tells us, -? has quite dropped out ot .modern belief in Walee,' jfhioh is strange, beoause beaides oauntlng,Win4(or Forest he ii well known in Cornwall, ?one- times (as nearBodmln) mixed op with the Arthur legends and the tales about the situ spirit ?i-eg»agle,aomoUmea, aa near ?the Lnard, identified with an oppressive steward ©t the SoWtaoa. Henderson, in lii 'Folklow of the Northarn Border,' ?uggetta that this myth of to 'grand veneur1 may hare oome from the ibrange priei, not nnlike the yelping of m. packet bonnas; littered by wildfowl on their j*i lage northward, -flat though tbe demons hunt is wsntiag-.tlw heidl«s(honeM« death-omen (tomeUmes drawing e. hearse or ? «aob) U Itmniln Wales, « it it io Devonshire and in Hurst Wood, near Ton bridge WeUs. Horses, rnoreover, are held to te epeoUlly gifted with the power of dla oerning spirits, a be'ief which yon may thinklne to their habit of ?hying in tbe dark at anything white, or (it you are tnasoendentally pbilosjpbica)) to 'the horse's eye being abb) to reo'lve an image whioh the iuman reUna fails to accept.' In Wales phantom horsemen bare bettor, work to do taanto hunt all night with a pack ot demon bounAa. Here ia an instance recorded by tbe Bev. John Jones, of Holywell, in Flint, a preacher of ex'ra ordlnary power, renowned and refeoted throughout Wales. We mar mention that WelBb appariliona ore xuualiy vouched for by piotta men. Thosthe groat authority for Monmouth is Bdmuod Jones, also a fumotii preacher, called the Prophet, wbo in 1818 published a book on the sut'jeot, drnonncuig all Eoeptici as Saddaoees and infldels. Ia the West Highlands, on the ooniraty, tbe kirk, though powerless ajaioBt ?rhliky drinking, has, Sir. Campbell says, aadly destroyed people's interest in the old legends. Edmund Jones even found authority from the twelfth chapter of 8 c Matthew, forty-third verse, for fairies. ' Tbefairy rings are in dry places, and the Scripture saith that the walk of eriltptrite is In dry places,' But to retnrn to John Jones, ot Holrwell. As thla pioui man, after preaching at Bala, waa tiding to Maohynlleth, he waa aware that be w*« being d»gge^ by a mordcroas.looking m»n carrying a alckle. He remembered to have noticed this man at an inn where he had pulled out his watoh and shown bti purse. 'Tbe man means to rob, perhaps murder me,' thought he. »s be marked him skulking under the hedge. He ooald not take across oountry, for the road was sank behind high banks. Should he turn biok t ' In despair, rather than in a spirit o humble trust and confidence,' be aaya, ' I bowed my head, and waa alleatly praying, when my horse, growing impatient, started off. I clatehed at the reias, bat instantly let them fall upon his neok ( for, lo 1 at my aide I beheld a dark- clad horeomau on a white steed. I at once spoke to him, but be made no answer, gulng intently at a gate some distance ahead. I looked, and saw the reapor dart out fron his hiding place, sheathe his alokle, and hurry away over a field. I again aooostod my oom panion both ia Welsh and English, but he was epeeohleit, Bare that I thought 1 said ' Ameu' to a ntoni remark. Sad lonly ho was gone, but whither P for he could not have leapt tho banks, and I am tare he did not pisi through tho gato.' Clearly the myeterloue horsemau was sent by Pr6videnoe to save the preaoher from dangor. As in Chinese Folk-lore, a whole eet of ghost stories tarns an the restitution of ill gotten goods. Buried hoards, too, hinder the peace of those who made them. The Ogmore, in Glamorgan, is a favourite river for lioirded money to be thrown into. The ghoBt haunt! someone tilt he or sbe it perauaded to eoaroh for the hoard, «nd then fling it honeBtly intc tbe strewn. A miser's housekeeper in St. Donats- owm was so worried by her matter's ghost, that, to get rid of him, the Melhodiets resolved to hold a prayer-meeting in the house. While they were ia tbe tbiok of it, she euddenly sprang up orying: ' There he is, there he iB 1' After a dead eilenoe some bold peraon ventured to eay : 'A«k it what it wants?' She did eo; aud, tlough no one heard the reply, the woman, instructed by theghoat, rushed to the ohimoey, thrust up her arm, and droir down a bag ot money. ' Let me go, let me go I' ehe ecrenmedt and, starting out 'at the door.wai seen to skip, without touohing it, over a stile and away to the Ogmore. After an hour she oame bock, bedraggled with wet and bespattered with mud. ' I've been down to the river,' said she, ' and bave thrown the money in/' and the ehojttook his hat off, and made a low bow, and vanished. Methodism, however, is sot tbe most powerful exorciser. Tbe ohuroh olergy, though their otber ministrations may bu little valued, are still held to be the best at ridding a place ot ghoBts, and the exorolqn is doubled in efficacy if it be pronounoed in Latin. No Welsh ghost is reoorded to have turned the tables on the exoroiser, after the fashion ot that Chinese Rhost who drove out the Taotnist priest, inoenae-pots, joss- sticke, and eAlj but sometimes e. stub born ghost will not oloy the bebeBtof a eiogie otergyman. A tripie-^arion power, however, will master any. spirit that ever walked. As in WeBt Connaught, tbe hare in several parts of Wales is either eacred or uncanny. When there Is a witch in tbe neighbourhood ehe is eure to go about in tjuj form of s hare. At Llangynog, inTfonteomery, the eaperstltloa tttes a singularly beautiful form. Here hares are called St. Melangell's lambe, the story being that MelangeU(tfonaosllt), daughter of an Irish king, took a vow of oelibaoy and fled from her fattiat'a oourt to the wilda of llontgonsery to avoid marriage. Here the Prinoe of Powye, hare- hunting one day, was astonished to eee tbe game' run under tbe robe ot a' beautiful virgin who waa kneeling in prayer. The doge stood howling at a distsnoe, the hunti man's horn etuok to Ub tips. The prinoe gave her a panel of land to be a sanctuary for all comers. There you oan see her bed in tbs cleft of a rock, and in the oburch is a rude wooden oarring representing man] hares scuttling to her for protection. Till lately so one in that parish would kill a bare; and all believed that if, meeting a bare hunted by dogs, you oried, ' Grod and St. Melangeil be with you,' it waa sure to escape. It is interesting to remember that Cesar traya the old Britons thought it an unholy thing to eat the hare; but then they elio abstained from the gooie, about eating whioh none of their modern de scendants hare any scruples. Mere distinctively Welsh are the stories about the Tylwyth Teg~«.«., 'fair folk,' as Irish fairies are always dubbed 'good people,' as the Greeks called the fairies 'the gracious ones'* (Eomenides), as Sir W. Scott tells us the Highlanders took; off tbelt hata to the gibbet, and ealtea %t V «w kind gallows,' and as Laplanders speak of the bear at 'the old gentleman ia the for ooat' Some, losteadof seeing In ' fair' a deprecatory or eupuemlatio epithet, take it Uterally, and connect the fairies with in vaders from Ireland, 'Piots and Boots,' small parties of whom were left when the rest were driven out. Theae, living in fear of Uetr Ura, used to send ont their children at night, fantastically dressed, for food ana exerolee. Tiis theory U seriously put forth by Bev. Peter Boberts, author of SolleotMea Oambrioa; his alternative theory being that the fairies were. those who *tai adhered to the Druiolo faith, #aa therefore bid to keep in hiding from their Cbriatlon perseoutors. No doubt ttttlawe sometimes tried to invest ttemaelres with supernatural attrloutes; thus the ywoa Pack) it tbs i tarm of Truyn, |tt' the strangely-named Farish 61 Mynyddyslwyn, was «'yr Arglt-ydd Hy»elir^-*»;,-';Ji4rd, lowd, proscribed by the. Englith, 'and oonoealed by hia tenantry. 'Hehldaarlng ie day in a room contrired 'betweeu two floors, -like those in whioh Eoman prlesto ,w«re eonoeaUd in3!i«abetli'*tiiB». JJ&me-; times he used to join in the talk that went on in the lirlng-room below. Etorin itanoe, -when tha eervanuBwereoomparing hanaa, aa to whibaneia and slse, a ?#-&» to1« ffltdt »'tirP«rda»« hand if #e alrert andamiUeat.0 'Tney braTsly *«W t to show Id hand, and tnnngh ^ipbpk|B tio«S^elitU«Sn^^ia|atn^p^ were tbe terror ol Merioneth, gave «ut tbU they were falriei. They lir«dtedsBS laths ground, had fiery fed hair, and fed on Itolea aheep. At last Iiord%-*en gathered a troop, aad soon proved that the red taldes wtre flesh and tiood bydefaaUng them, and bang ing a baodrad of hli prlsonart. Be spared tbs women, one ol whom bagged b»id in her son's life. Owen spnrnad her away wbereopon she opened bet breast »nd ibrieked: 'TbU ireast.bu narsed otbar sons who will yet wash their land* in thy blood.' Mot long alter, tba fairy woman's manning -sont. waylaid Iiord Owsa at,» certain gate, called to thli day LUdart y Barsm (Baron'a gate), in Cimmaes pariib, ?lew niai, and washed their Sanaa in Us blood. Prophet Jones's theory ii tnii: 'The fslries aie the aouls bl heathens and others wbo lived without having heard tbe meant of grass, and who, therefore, do notdeserre so severe a punishment as bsd Christians.' ' Tbe nsaoa wbv they are to oasuroos and aetire in Wales is that, in tbe eighth and ninth oenturiei, the Walsh lost the light of true Christianity and received Popery instead. Thia enabled tbe fairies to be bolder asd more lolrntlre : and then, io Heorv tl Funrth'e lime, the bard laws whioh hindered tbe Welsh from educating their obildren, brought a total darkueta on them, and so left them helpless against euoh beings. Thsse la*(were doaeted after Oven Glen dwyr bad failed, iooliehly thinking his nation could ahake off tbs Saxon yoke before it bad lepsnttd of its fine.' To be concluded in our ruct. 