STATE OF TBOUBLED IBELAND. ' London, August 18.— During the riot at Dungannon on Sunday, many policemen were wounded. Their ranks were several times broken. They finally fired buckshot into the crowd. The firing was returned from revolvers, and showers of stones fell. Many of the rioters almost rushed on the points of the bayonets in their eager ness to attack. The police then fired a volley of ball cartridges and many persons were wounded. One man had his head riddled with buckshot, and received a bullet in the abdomen, from the effects of which he died shortly after. At Downpatrick, in the fight between the Catholics and Orange men, firearms were used incessantly from 11 p. m. on Sunday until 3 a. m. on Monday. Several persons were severely wounded. Dublin, August 18. — Twenty-two of the Belfast rioters have been sentenced to six months' imprisonment at Dungannon. Physi cians are treating twenty-eight persons who were wounded by bayonet or ball. A land meeting was held at Leenane, near Kylemore, the residence of Mr. Mitchell Henry, a Liberal Home Ruler and member of Parlia ment for Galway. James Redpath, of the New York Tribune, was among the spea kers. THE IRISH HARVEST. Reports from Ireland state that the har vest prospects are again causing anxiety. The rains during the last fortnight have been excessive. Potatoes are generally sound, but blight is visible in many fields. Green crops promise a yield which is far below what was anticipated, and there is an unprecedented de crease in the number of live stock as shown by the official statistics. The outlook is not so very promising as we were told some months ago; and if the unfortunate farmers do not receive some assurance that the crops are not to be seized for the rack-rents already due they will be forced to become once more beggars for the charity of the world. That they can hopo for no mercy at the hands of the landlords can be seen from a return — which has been issued in response to an order of Parliament — giving the total num ber of ejectments executed in Irelnnd for non-payment of rent from the 1st of January to tho 30th of June, 1880, compiled from re turns Biado by sheriffs of counties, of cities, and towns. From this it appears that the total number of writs executed was 1,696, of which 417 were in Leinster, 485 in Munster, 552 in Ulster, and 232 in Connaught. Through all the history of their class the Irish landlords have shown themselves to be as pitiless as wolves ; and with the return of their old spirit of rapacity and hatred of the people they have despoiled, which England's late display of force in their behalf is certain to develop, we may expect a recurrence of the eviction scenes of the last era of famine unless the Irish peasantry are aided and en couraged, by outside help, to make headway against the assaults with which they are now menaced. FORM OF AN IRISH LEASE. The Earl of Annesley, who owns forty thousand acres of land in county Down, recently wrote a letter to the London Times, in which he stated there was no country in which tenants were better or more justly treated than in Ireland. Mr. Michael Davitt, in a letter to the New York Herald, July 11, replying to Lord Annesley, gives the following form of lease which is used on the Annesley estate : — ' Copy of lease on the Annesley estate, in the county Down, Ireland, - There are excepted and reserved out of the said farm unto the said Earl, his heirs and assigns, all mines, minerals, quar ries and beds and pits of clay, gravel and sand, and all rivers, spring waters and water courses, and all roads and rights of way here tofore enjoyed by the said Earl, and all timber and other trees standing or growing on the said farm, and the exclusive right to the pro perty in all winged and ground game whatso ever, and wild fowl and fish for the time being thereon, with the exclusive right, power, and liberty to the said Earl, his heir and assigns, and his and their licenses, by parole or other wise, together or separately, and with or without servants or attendants, at all times to enter upon and to hunt, hawk, shoot, fish, fowl, course, and sport over and upon said farm, and to search for, dig, raise, cut, and take away the excepted premises ; and also full power and liberty to the said Earl, his heirs, and assigns, to make new watercourses, drains, and millraces in or through the said farm, and to direct the course of any present or future river, spring, drain, or watercourse, and to scour, cleanse, and repair (if he or they shall think fit to do so) any present or future watercourse, drains, or millraces in or through the same farm and to use the banks of any such watercourses, drains, and mill races for the purpose of casting up and leav ing thereon the excavated earth or scourings ; and also to lay out and make new roads and passages through' the said farm, and to enter therein for any of the aforesaid purposes.' MISCELLANEOUS. The Irish papers say there was a Maiden Assizes at Drogheda, July 9. There was only one prisoner in gaol await ing trial at the late Waterford Assizes. There were only three criminal cases for trial at the assizes in Fermanagh. The number of inmates in the Carlow Poorhouse is 430, and the number receiving outdoor relief is 794. The death is reported of the Rev. T. England, P.P., of Killavullen, in his sixty -seventh year. The citizens of Queenstown held a public meeting July 7th to protest against the clos ing of the old church graveyard. The death is announced, July 14, of Mr. Christopher C. Blake, at his residence, Eyre Square, Galway, in his 80th year. The Assizes for the Co. Meath, were opened at Trim July 6th. There were only seven light cases for trial. The Cavan Assizes were held July 9. In addressing the Grand Jury, Baron Fitz gerald said there were only seven cases to go before them. At a meeting of the North Union Guar dians, July 7, it was stated that the total number of persons relieved on the 3rd of July, was 2633. The Lord Chief Justice on July 6, con gratulated the Grand Jury of County Long ford, on the almost total absence of crime in the county. The Assizes opened at Dundalk, July 6. Baron Dowse, in addressing the Grand J ury, said he was glad to inform them there were only three bills to go before them. At the recent Assizes in Limerick, Mr. Justice Barry congratulated the Grand Jury that there were only four trivial cases to go before them. Joynt, the landlord who assailed the house of Mrs. Murphy, at Ballina, has been fined £20, and ordered to enter into heavy sureties to keep the peace. Peter M'Culloch, of Monaghan and Liverpool, has failed for £22,000. He was arrested in London as a bankrupt, and is to be tried. An indignation meeting was held at Knocknagree, July 4, to protest against the evictions of several families on the property of a Protestant clergyman residing near Killarney. A correspondent writes as follows July 21, from Cahirciveen, Co. Kerry : — The potato blight has made its appearance about Cahirci veen. The champion stalks are touched in several places, and although the disease may be less intense than among other kinds of seed, nevertheless the champion, too, has failed. The Government has given to the Limerick Army Clothing factory an order for the immediate manufacture for forty thousand garments for the British Army, and a still larger order is expected. The party disturbances which began in Newry on Sunday morning, July 4, were renewed on Wednesday and Thursday nights, July 7 and 8. Several shots were fired, but so far as is known, no injuries were inflicted. Early on the morning of July 9, six armed men forcibly entered the house of a man named Feenan, near Cullyhaune, County Armagh. Three shots were fired, but with out taking effect. His Grace Archbishop MacHale recently sent £1000 to the Mansion House Committee, being part of a balance of £26,000 which was confided to him for distribution during the famine crisis. Mr. Jeremiah Touhy, wrho for the last thirty-five years had been principal of the Killaloe Diocesan School, expired at his re sidence there on Saturday night, July 17, after a short illness. The Catholic Bishop of Achonry has written a letter indignantly deploring the apathy of the Local Government Board re specting the famine fever, which he states is spreading rapidly. On the estate of Sir Rowland Blenner hassett, M.P., the Sub-Sheriff recently evicted six families, and five others have been evicted on that of The M'Gillycuddy. The work of eviction is to be resumed on both estates shortly. Information reached Loughrea, July 9, that a large case of rifles was seized at Wor lous station, a few miles from Loughrea. They were addressed to a local landlord, who it is said, had no knowledge of them. No arrests are reported. A correspondent writes from Loughrea that a number of farmers and others have been stricken with famine fever at Kerry brien, in the Loughrea Union, and already some deaths have occurred. The assizes for the county and the town of Carrickfergus was opened on July 20 by Judge Fitzgibbon. There were no criminal cases for hearing, and the Judge congratu lated the Grand Jury on the peaceable state of the county. The death is announced on July 14, of Daniel Markey, Esq., of Carrickbaggot, Dunleer, County Louth. The deceased was quite popular in his district, of which proof was given by the immense number of persons who followed the remains to the family burial place at Mayne. In opening the Naas Assizes on Saturday, July 17, Lord Chief Baron Palles said that the cases to go before the Grand Jury did not, with one exception — a threatening letter case — disclose anything that should induce feelings of uneasiness. In charging the Grand Jury at the Water ford Assizes, July 17, Judge Fitzgerald said the business was so light that he would be able to let them go in an hour. There were only seventeen petty cases for trial since the pre vious assizes. The two men recently arrested in Queens town on suspicion of shooting at David Fer rick, land agent of Mr. George Brown, late M.P. for Mayo, were released from custody on July 7th, with three others, the injured man (the report of whose death was prema ture) being unable to identify them. There are two others still in custody. The injured man (who received ten bullet wounds) is sink ing fast. Only an exceptionally strong con stitution has kept him alive so long. The Cork Weekly Herald says: We learn on good authority that the blight has appeared in a few early districts in the south coast. It is, so far, confined to a few of the common varieties of potatoes for a long time in cultivation in this country ; and in the case of these it is limited, and not at all spreading as in past seasions. While the present fine weather continues there is not much fear of its spreading. From a Parliamentary return recently issued, it appears that the number of per sons arrested for drunkenness in the twenty four hours between 8 a.m on Sunday, and 8 a.m on Monday, during the twelve hours ended the 25th of last April, as compared with the corresponding Sundays in 1877-8, decreased in Dublin from 1,836 to 1,274; in Limerick from 158 to 134 ; and in Waterford from 114 to 84. But in Cork the arrests increased from 357 to 382, and in Belfast fast from 255 to 258. At the W exford Assizes, July 22, Judge O'Brien addressed the Grand Jury as follows: — 'Colonel Alcock and Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, of the County of Wex ford : I am happy to inform you that your labours at this assizes, as far as finding bills, will be very light. There are only three cases to go before you. With regard to the state of the peace of your county, and the tranquillity and orderly conduct of its in habitants, I have only to repeat what you have so often heard before from this bench, namely— to congratulate you on the peaceful state of your county. The Kilkenny Journal, July 17, says: — A storm of unprecedented severity passed over this city on Wednesday, and for more than six hours continued with unabated violence. It was accompanied by torrents of rain, hail, and lightning, and the sky be came so dark that the shops were obliged to use gas during the afternoon. The lightning continued during the night. In the vicinity of the Parade it appeared concentrated by the lightning-conductors on the towers of the Castle. With the exception of some trees near the city struck by the electric fluid, we have not heard of any serious injury resulting. Mr. C. Bradlaugh wrote to Mr E. Dywer Gray, July 20, a letter complaining of the attacks on him by F. II. O'Donnell and others, through the columns of thn Freeman s Journal. The letter contained the following paragraph:—' Unless, therefore, you insert this letter in your next issue, accompanied with some expression of regret on your part for having allowed your columns to be the medium of such attacks on me, I shall have to take proceedings against you, criminally, for libel.' Mr. Bradlaugh's letter was in serted. The Tippcrary Vindicator says: — Tho potato up to the present has not been as dry and matured as might be expected in view of a rather excellent growing season. The species or quality of the early flounder does not seem to be good, though the tuber is un usually large for the season ; but it is clammy, wet, and apparently unsuited for human food except by the application of steaming and roasting. The Champion looks well every where; but no available return can be ex pected from the sowing till the end of August. The memorial to perpetuate the memory of the late Most Rev. Dr. Moriarty, and towards which voluntary contributions from all parts of the Catholic world were zealously provided, is now rapidly approach ing completion. The site of this beautiful work of art is at the foot of the vault in which the remains of the deceased prelate are interred, and which is situate under tho grand western window. The sculptor is Mr. P. J. Ncill, Great Brunswick Street, Dublin. Tho memorial is in the shape of an altar table. The former is twenty- seven feet in length, and will extend to the whole length of the chancel. Its height is fourteen feet. The length of the alt!).r table is nine feet six inches. The work is composed of Italian ? marble and alabaster. i On Sunday, July 4th, a meeting of tho tenant farmers of Ennishowen, Co. Donegal, was held for the two-fold purpose of com memorating the anniversary of American In dependence and demonstrating their grati tude to America for the sympathy and help so generously given in Ireland's hour of need, I and to start a branch of the Land League. A j i procession was formed at Carndonagh, which marched to the hill. Mr. Michael Boyton attended from the Dublin Land League. The chair was occupied by Mr. Owen Doherty of Clogherney. Eloquent and patriotic speeches were made by several gentlemen. Resolutions were adopted in ac cordance with the objects of the meeting. Aland meeting was held at Islandeady, Sunday, July 18, to protest against rackrent ing and evictions. Amongst those present were Mr. John Walshe, Balla ; Mr. J. Nally, Balla ; Mr. Joseph Walsh, Castlebar ; Mr. James Daly, Connauyht Telegraph -, Mr. John Lavelle, Westport ; Mr. Joseph M'Kenna, Westport ; Mr. R. M'Donnell, Westport ; A. O'Malley, J. O'Malley, Westport ; Peter O'Malley, Bally burke, etc. A large force of constabulary were present, and also two Government shorthand writers. Mr. Anthony Clarke occupied the chair. Resolutions denouncing land grab bers and rack-renting landlords, were adopted ; also the following resolution : — Mr. Arthur O'Malley, tenant-farmer, pro posed, That we heartily approve of the action of Mr. Parnell in the House of Commons, and his efforts to secure the assent of an ad interim measure that would fully protect the tenant-farmers of Ireland. A large body of men from the townlands of Kilmacknella, Garrafrane, Clonbrusk, and Clonfrane, situate in the lower part of the barony of Dunmore, applied to the Tuam Board of Guardians, July 21, that steps be taken to provide them employment. They had early in the year sent in a list of works that would afford them employment, and bo of a permanent benefit to the locality if i carried out ; but they were all rejected by the landed gentry who presided at the ex traordinary sessions at Dunmore. There are in and about tho confines of these town lands over one thousand people, who can get nothing to earn, have no means of subsistence, and to whom no aid of any kind is given to relieve the distress. There is a relief com mittee, but it can give but one stone of Indian meal in the fortnight, and that to the aged and the weak only. The Chairman replied that the Board bad at a previous meeting decided to have no more extraordi nary baronial sessions ; and that if anything could be otherwise dono for the applicants the Board would endeavour to do it with as little delay as possible. A meeting to establish a branch of tho Land League was held in Gurtee, Co. Gal way, July 18 The following resolutions were adopted : — ' That we solemnly pledge ourselves never to take the land from which another has been evicted and to oppose by every means in our power the man is so who lost topublic decency as to be found occupying one of these holdings. That wo hereby de- / sire to express our entire approval of the policy r i ? ! of, independence and energetic actioninaugu rated by Mr. Parnell, and take this oppor tunity of assuring him of the warm support of the people of this community. That, recognizing the desirability of union amongst the Irish representatives, and believing such union is best maintained by thorough inde pendence of all English parties, whether Whig or Tory, we hereby declare that in our opinion the action of Mr. Mitchell Henry and Major Nolan in joining with and acting on the same benches as the present Government his not the approval of their constituents or the people of this country ; we further declare that the conduct of Mr. Henry in his bitter opposition to the Land League has our entire condemnation.' The annual examinations of the pupils of the Mount Melleray school were held on July 7. The following is a short sketch of this admirable institution. Many years ago, j owing to an edict of the French Government, tbe Monks of the Cistercian Order were com pelled to flyjrom that country. Twenty-two of these monies found a sanctuary in Ireland, and fifteen of the number settled down in Mount Melleray, the rest having died. This wild, mountainous waste was at that time utterly barren and unfilled ; but, owing to the indefatigable exertions of the monks, by slow degrees the whole scene underwent a strange transformation, for since the date of their advent until to-day they have toiled continually and have been continually rewarded, for the ground grew more fertile daily under their hands ; and to-day, for miles around the Monastery, are smiling fields of flowers and vegetation. In the year 1833 the College of Mount Melleray was instituted, and parents all over this country recognized very soon the innumerable advan tages their children would derive if sent to the college. This year 110 less than 125 boys are being educated in the college. The Clare Independent of July 14 printed the following in reference to lights said to have been seen in the Catholic church in New market-on-Fergus : — 'The apparitions of stars and ghost-like figures are rumoured still to continue in Newmarket. No positive opi nion in their regard has yet been pronounced by the clergy, and the chapel continues to be much frequented. Among those who state they have seen the strange appearances on Monday last were Mr. Dillon, of Dublin, and a Protestant friend who visited the church in his company. Mr. Dillon accurately describes the stars so frequently Geen by others, and is of opinion they could not easily be accounted for by natural means. He speaks of them as bright and distinct and plainly visible to anybody in the chapel at the time. His friend beheld them likewise. On Wednesday last the Rev. Father Cooney, O. S. F-, dur ing the evening devotion at the Friary chapel, alluded forcibly in the course of his sermon to the apparitions which of late had, accord ing to the rumour, been seen there. He strongly condemned those who, being led here by an idle curiosity, were ready to per suade themselves that every light they saw was supernatural, while if they had any real faith they would remember that Christ him self was ever present in the Blessed Sacra ment on the Altar. He severely reprehended their indecorous conduct on one particular evening. 