O B E R 23, 1880. ^ n r o g m e t t t f c THE OPERA. " SATANELLA." Balfe's legendary opera " Satanella" was produced at the Theatre Royal on Friday eveniug for the first time since May, 18 7 F. There was a large attendance in every part of the house, especially in the dress circle and the stalls, which were quite filled. The title-role was sustained by Miss Elsa May, Stella by Miss Lambert, Lelia by Mrs. Fox, Dame by Miss Harris, and the principal male characters as follows:—Prince Rupert, Mr. Beaumont; Karl, Mr. G. A. Johnson ; Arimanes, Mr. Templeton; Boccaccio, Mr. Levison; Hortensius, Mr. Howell; the Grand Vizior, Mr. Ford. The performances were upon the whole satisfactory, though certainly not the " unqualified success" that might perhaps have been expected. Balfe, who studied music in Italy under Frederic.i and Galli, and at the early age of 19 sang in the Italian Opera House at Paris with Maiibran and Sontag, has constructed the mmic of "Satanella" to a considerable extent upon the traditional models of the Italian school, without, however, allowing his fertile imagination to ran riot in the extremes of melodic embellishments. The elegant aria, best known as " The Power of Love," for example, aud which, from the instrumental introduction to the finale, constantly recurs, is simplicity itself, and there are a good many other melodies of the ballad type, such as " The Glorious Vintage of Champagne," of a similar character. On the other hand the instrumental score contains many brilliant an<) complex combinations. But it is not exclusively on account of the inspiring character of the music that "Satanella" has become so extensively popular. There are three elements necessary for the success of an opera — the plot, the music, and the scenic effects. The librettist of " Satanella" appears to have drawn his inspiration from the French romanticists, and to have clevcrly blended into one some of the more striking peculiarities of the opera seria, and of theop£racomique. And in doing so he has given the scenic artist opportunities for the display of the specialities or his skill. There are the palace and gardens of the Count, the apartments in the Demon's haunted tower, the cavernous retreat of the pirates, the Sla\e Market of "Merry Tunis," and one or two other scenes, which, when carefully " got up," have a very picturesque effect. We have said that the opera was upon the whole satisfactory, and in this statement we only endorse the opinions of the very large audience who witnessed it, who very frequently indicated their approval by their hearty applause. Miss May was in good voice, end sang the music carefully and correctly. We think, however, that in her evident desire to avoid dramatic extravagance she fell into the opposite fault of being too calm and unimpre8sible. Possibly the character is comparatively new to her. Mrs. Fox sang and played so well as to induce a regret that she was cast for such a subordinate role. Miss Lambert seemed quite at home as the Princess Stella. The rest of the characters were fairly represented, and the scenery, especially that of the first and third acts, was exceptionally good. There were, however, several awkward blunders in the mechanical arrangements, for which it is difficult to find an excuse. We remember some years ago when Soscini took the part of Mephistopheles in "Faust," he could not be shot up from beneath the stage on account of his sword getting entangled in the trap door. On Friday night the descent of Arimanes with Satanella into the library of the Demon's tower was arrested from some cause or other, which necessitated a not very graceful leap to reach the stage. On another occasion about a miuute elapsed before tbe scenes could be shifted. And 6till later in the evening the pyrotechnic thunderbolt that was to have killed Satanella could not be persuaded to leave its station iu rrid-air till after it had accomplished its deadly mission. It may be thought that these are mere trifles, but so are many other things— such as a flea in one's stocking—which, however, is for the time being very annoying. We hope that " Satanella" will be repeated, for it is on the whole one of the best performances of tbe season, and that particular care will be taken to prevent a recurrence of these vexatious couii itemps. 1 hia evening Lccocq's very amusing operabouffe " Girofl6-Girofla" will be performed for t he first time this season, PROMENADE CONCERT.—A promenade concert in connection with the South Australian Sunday-school Union was held in the Town Hall on Friday evening, October 22. There was a very poor attendance, owing, no doubt, to the unsettled state of the weather. The pro gramme, which consisted of high-class music, embraced selections from " II Trovatore" and " Maritana," and several marches were played on the "organ by Mr. James Shakespeare. Iu addition to these several lady and gentleman amateurs sang a number of choruses, which evoked considerable applause. Mr. W. B. Chinner was unable to take part in the concert owing to indisposition. PICNIC AT GAWLEB.—Dr. R. St. Mark Dawes gave his second picnic at Gawler, on October 22, on the occasion of his Bon's third birthday. Tbe picnic was held on tbe grounds of the Rev. Canon Ocombes, about half a mile east of Gawler. There were about 700 person? present, and all kinds of games were provided for the young, and every person present spoke in eulogistic terms of the doctor's kindness in providing so good a day's amusement for the children invited. Upwards of 500 children were invited to attend a magic lantern held in the Iostitute Hall in the evening, and which passed off very successfully, PEOFESSOE PEPPEE'S GHOST.—^This clever illusion was witnessed by a large and delighted assemblage at Garner's Theatre on Friday night. To-Dight, in addition to the very amusing representation of spectral appearances, there will be several new items in the programme. Amongst them we notice the diorama of a great many of the principal buildings and monuments of old and new Loudon, which afforded so much pleasure on the occasion of its presentation at the Academy of Music. The entertainment is to conclude with a humorous afterpiece entitled the " Shadow Pantomime." ST. JOHN'S SUNDAY-SCHOOL— On Friday afternoon a bazaar was < pened in the ne v schoolroom adjoining St. John's Church wit i the object of raising funds in aid of the c!eai ia j off of the debt on the building. During t e afternoon the bazaar waB well patronised, b it the attendance increased in tbe eveniug,despite the unpleasantness of the weather. The stalls, which were arranged around the room, wers v j: y prettily decorated with the knick-knacks whi b are so indispensable an adjunct to fancy si!< s. There was nothing special exposed to view, out on the whole the bazaar gave evidence of careful selection in the choice of the articles, and of the excellence of the wool and other work executed by the young ladies who had charge of ihe stalls. The most noticeable feature of the exhibition was a cleverly executed model of a drawingroom. Those who presided at the stalls were Mesdames Poole, Light, Gardiner,' Birt, Hammond, and Elliott, and Miss Pritchard. During the evening the proceedings were enlivened by a number of musical selections. GLENELG INSTITUTE BALL.—We notice that the Glenelg Institute ball is postponed uniil the night of December 3. LEWIS RELIEF FUND.—A service of song, entitled " Christiana," was given in the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday night, October 21, in aid of the widow and family of the late Captain Lewis, of the Prima Donna. Captain Bickers, J.P., presided, and there was a good attendance. The service of song was rendered by Sunday-school children, under Mr. H. W. Thompson's'leadership. The Rev. J. O. Kirby gave the connect!v© readings, and Mr. Channon acted as pianist. The net proceeds were about £4 10s. PORT ADELAIDE REGATTA.—The Mayor of Por fc Adelaide has called a public meeting to take steps for holding a regatta on January 1,18S1. ME. BUBNBTT AT POET ADELAIDE. — This evening Mr. Burnett, whose campaign at the Port is being attended with marked results, will hold an outdoor demonstration at the Queen's Wharf, Port. Mr. D. Bower, M.P., will preside. 