TEE CATHEDRAL BUILDING FUND. THE committee of this fund held its usual fortnightly meeting on Tuesday evening, Che 7th inst., when the Very Key. Dr. Baokhaus, V.G., Sandhurst, who was then a gneBt at the palace, favoured the members with his presence. It was proposed by Mr. R. Dawson, seconded by Mr. Fagan, that the rev. gentleman should take the chair, but he declined, preferring that the committee should adhere to its constitution in the matter. The Rev. P. J. Aylward presided. Dr. Baokhaus addressed the meeting at some length, and, in the oourse of his observations, dwelt on the meritorious character of the work in which the committee were engaged, expressed his appreciation of the success which attended their efforts, and assured them that he took the warmest interest in the erection of the Cathedral. The project they had undertaken was, he said, a great one, but they should remember that works which seemed almost impossible before they were begun came to be regarded as quite possible after an earnest commencement had been made. And if the committee kept their shoulders to the wheel he had no doubt but that they would succeed in their great undertaking. They were going on prosperously, as he had himself observed. He had inspected the building since his arrival in Melbourne, and had seen with much satisfaction a very | great change init, the workhaving advanced I rapidly since his last visit. A steady and sure progression was evident, and there was no danger that those who had undertaken the great task of erecting such a magnificent and eostly structure to the honour and glory of God would rank with others who commence to build, but cannot finish their work. St. Patrick's, even in its unfinished state, was a credit to Catholics, and it was the admiration of everyone possessing any architectural knowledge or taste. We are, said the rev. gentleman, living for posterity in erecting such a building; we are working, not alone for this, but for future generations; the stones we are laying, one on another, will preach to our successors through future ages, and the grand pile itself will commemorate the faith of its builders, and help to perpetuate the Gospel of Christ. By faith alone—by the divine influence of the true faith—wonders have been effected in raising magnificent temples to tho Holy Ghost. Even poor Ireland has effected wonders in that respect, her children, though they have but little, giving much to that holy purpose. And if one looks abroad, he is lost in amazement contemplating the vast proportions and magnificence of St. Peter's, at Rome, the cathedral at Milan, and other Such churches; and he bows in reverence before the faith through which such stupendous and grand edifices have been raised to the worship of God. But for the Catholic Church no such buildings as grace the Christian world would exist. To use a mild phrase, many of them had been borrowed from us, but we shall have them back again, along with tho people who are now using them. Wherever the name of Christ is preached from a Catholic altar a fine building is erected to His'honour, and the one which is now being raised in Melbourne is a credit to the Archbishop, the Vicar-General, and all who take an interest in the great undertaking. He sincerely hoped that those who had seen the beginning of it, and had contributed to its cost, as he had done, would live to see the end of it, and the fulfilment of that hope did not seem to him impossible seeing how well the work TO progressing. There would be great festivities upon its completion, and he did not despair of being present at them. Father Aylward made his usual financial statement from which it appeared that the rev. gentleman had received, since his last report was made, £214 19s., included in which was £3 he had received from a servant girl. He was much pleased, and so also, he was sure, were the members of the committee, that Dr. Backhaus had favoured them with his presence that evening, and had encouraged them to perseverance by hife pertinent and able address. It was a gratification to him (Father Aylward) to hear from the very. rev. gentleman that the progress made in the building was so noticeable and satisfactory, and this testimony was, he felt assured, no less acceptable to the members of the committee, for Dr. Backhaus was a priest of long experience and great oommon sense who would be unlikely to indulge in exaggeration, or attempt to inspire them with delusive hopes. He thanked the committee for the cordial and earnest assistance they had rendered himself, and he desired that their good friend, Dr. Backhaus, should understand that they had not only given much time and labour to the cause, but had also contributed to its funds, all of them generously, and Borne of them munificently, one gentleman present (Mr. Dawson) having handed him a cheque for £100. In a special manner he should also acknowledge the services of Mr. Fagan, who had helped him to collect £600, or even more.. Father Aylward then, in very grateful terms, described what had been done at three meetings of ;,ladie<s. jrho had engaged to raise funds ;ior the erection of a chapel to the memory of deceased benefactors, and expressed his conviction that this supplementary " movement wonld'be most successful. Mr. Quirk, in felicitous terms, proposed a vote of thanks'to' Dr. Backhaus for his attendance' and for the interest he took in/the' movement.. Mr. Martin Hood seconded, the' motion, and, in doing so, alluded to the condition of Germany, and said that it was a consolation that the land which had produced Luther had had also produced some shining lights of the Church, and not a few ecclesiastics, who, like the Very Eev. Dr. Backhaus, were amongst its most faithful and bravest ohampions. The resolution was carried unanimously, and Dr. Backhaus, in returning thanks, said that the Catholics of Germany were staunch and true, and that no power on earth could coerce them into surrendering their faith, or their civil or religions rights. The rev. gentleman also paid a high tribute to the fidelity of the Irish people, and remarked that' it seemed as if he had been ordained for them, as he had laboured amongst them all his life, and experienced from them the greatest kindness, the sympathy and affection which those in the household faith should entertain for one another, breaking down any barrier which might otherwise exist between them. He was respected by them in his character of a prieEt, and moBt kindly regarded in that of a pastor of a flock, a position which he had held for many yean. And he on bis part had reciprocated those feelings mo3t cordially, and it was to him a gratification that his Lit had been cast among the faithful Catholic Irish. A resolution was unanimously carried warmly sympathising with the Very Eev. Dr. Pitzpatrick, V.G., who had been obliged to vi-it Sydney for the benefit of his impaired health, and expressing an earn* st wish " lt,u that the tuts rev. gentleman geanemi may return much improved by his trip n,n On the motion t ™ of Mr. Gunson, ^—— seconded by Mr. H. McGuigan, it was resolved that the ^meeting should adjourn over the Christmas holidays to Tuesday evening 1 , 11th January, 1881. The ladies' movement for the erection of a chapel within the Cathedral to the memory of its deceased benefactors promises to be most successful, the particular devotion it is designed to promote being evidently most congenial to the depth and tenderness of their faith on the subject. We have already reported a meeting which was held on the 28th ult., and have now to state that two other very encouraging meetings followed, at each of which Father Aylward resided, and, along with thanking the adie3 for their attendance, and the gre- it nterest they manifestly took in the good work, encouraged them to persevere in hat spirit of earne-tness with which they ad voluntarily undertaken their task. he first of these two meetings was eld on Tuesday evening, 30th u't., in he eastern aisle of tho Cathedral, and was well attended. A number of additional collecting-books were then issued, bringing the total up to 54, and it was resolved that the ladies present at this and the previous meeting should meet au-ain in the same place, at eight o'clock sharp, on Tuesday evening, the 21stDecember. The last meeting was held before the Blessed Virgin's altar, on Sunday afternoon last, and was attended by the members of the Children of Mary's Association, under the direction of their president, Miss Fitzpatrick, who was kindly assisted by Miss Lowrie. On this occasion 79 books were issued, and this being a distinct organisation, it was resolved that the next meeting should not be held till the evening of the last Thursday in January next. At each meeting of ladies several members of the gentlemen's committee attended, and assisted in the distribution of the collectingbooks, each of which has, or should have, Dr. Fitzpatrick's signature as an authorisation to collect. 