WILLIAM BATH'S FARM. ? ,t ? ^ ? ? AN AUSTRALIAN CHRISTMAS ; ?'.,, story. ? ; . ' ,'? BY. N; 'WALTER SWAN. Chapter I.— Chiefly LvrnobcciORv. Thero were threo things in tho outlook that stirred the looker — the trees, tho stream and tho mountain. Tho treo3 to be soon from tho threshold of William Bath's house wore not like other trees. By virtuo of their position and surroundings they seemed to havo amongst them characteristics that were not to bo observed ordinarily. Thero were mellow mosses and many hieroglyphics on their boles, and whon one oamo to think that it took conturies to effect that writiug of the past — that when tho lichen poncillings first began tho standards- of Godfroy, of Bouillon, may havo been raised beforo tho walls of Antioch ? it becamo ea3y enuugh to detect something reverent in the whimpering of their leaves as if there were cloisters in tho clusters of tho branches. Between theso solemn sentinels thero rolled a river that in tho evoning time, when the sunset was on it, looked liko a ribbon of shining red lying upon the pasture, , bo in tho morning when the cau/.o of yellow sunrise lingered there. And tho groat old hill overlooking all this — sometimes with his brow placid in tho light, sometimes frowning in tho grey and mist, hut always in harmony with troe3 nnd river. And often tho hill spoke through the voices of many waters. Thoro was tho hoarse call of tho cascade and tho soft and silver plashing.* of tho stream that purled pist tho sands and shone on tho fnees of tho rocks, or swayed tho wild flower.? in it3 hurryinga. Bath had labored and wrought thoro for many n day ; below tho still sun of tho Christmas time, -bonoath tho sailing clouds anil tho shailows of their passago, and beforo tho wind ' nnd rain that charged him from tho hill crown. Ho had sown his seed on tho upland and j watched tho coming of its green and gold. Ho had planted emerald for the spring and vino tints for tho autumn, and when' tho sun flickered and strained past bough and leaf, and busily wove patterns with its shadowings, j tho farm was a .light to soe. Bath with his plough had crept high up on the hill's broaat, and it had yielded of its wealth to him for tho first time sinco tho morning stars sang together. ... Eighteen years beforo ho had stood besido his wifo looking out on dreary waste3 of pipe clay that lay before them liko a winding sheet. The hot sun' was screened away by tho canvas of tho tent, and tho breath of tho day was fiorco ami fiory, Ho watched. an expression creeping upon her face, containing somo thoughts that disquieted him. Thero was yearning in her eyes, and ft quivor on tho eonsitivo mouth, Tho glow of ploasuro with ?which ho bad described tho prospects of his claim, and that content and feeling of . joyouanoss which aro natural to strongmoh from 'tlio'ploiuraro and enjoyment which moro living givea/all fadod out. Ho had been speaking of possible fortune and of the possible future. Ho had memories of tho homo she left, and how ho had sought her often below the shadows of tho orchard trees. The perfume of tho woodbino and tho apple bloom that were on tho air when he asked her to bo his wifo ? that' they might fight the battle of life all the more bravely that they wore together, sho with her lovo and ho with his strength— had not faded. It was as fresh to him then as when breathed in tho Kentish field, and it came to him with its gracious Bcnso and its refining day by day. 'What is it, Martha?' Sho hesitated to answer, and then said : ' I cannot help it, Willio j I have been born and bred among tho green of tho fields, whero there was life and freshness in all things, and it seemed to bo part of my life to see it and to bo amongst it. Tho face of the country there,' pointing to it with her white unsteady finger, ' looks liko tho faco of a corpse. Thero is no refreshing thing for tho eye in all this weary heat, white earth, white tents, and trees that aro ghostly and wan Lolow tho white duat.' ' And yon havo thought only for tho flowors and tho ford by tho trout stream, and the meadows sprinkled with their daisies.' He put his arm caressingly round her, with a shade of regret upon his strong faco, and looked down at her eyes as ho had often done beforo. It soeraed as if the waft of npplo bloom and the breath of woodbine was round them again. He' stooped aud kissed ' her, looking to her swimming eyes as if neither time nor distance had been — as if the shadow abovo them was an orchard shade, and a littlo beyond was the house where the roses clustered nnd opened their fragrant breasts. 'Sit down, wifo,' tho husband said, with a tone of tenderness in his masterful voice and manner, and gravity in his mood, 'I have watched you for some time past, and I know that you are drooping. I saw through your forced cheerfulness long ago. Beliove mo, I am not to be deceived in nnythiug affecting you.' And if one could havo seen below his heavy beard, it would have been to soo his lip trembling as it used to do long ago aiid far away. ; ' I will toll you now wlut I had thought of saying later on. Yon claim' — it lay' out on tho shoulder of a white bank, and the air was dancing jand rippling be tween tho speaker and the windlass. 'Yon claim ia tho last I purposo working. Beyond thoso hills, not five miles away, is a Bpot more beautiful to-day than any in all Kent. Over thero are the green and flowers that will bring tho roses toyour face. Look' — lie laughed a little sadly, and held his hands be foro her, palms upwards, stained and blistered — 'thero is strength in them, nnd work in them, and thoy will build you a homo such as you love, to bring back that old joy and freshness that comes to you now only in your dreams.' : Bath's oyes wore moist, and his voice not at all becoming that of a stalwart man. So it came that tho roof tree and the hearth wore established, whenco wore to bo seon tho wonder of tho trees and tho river and tho mountain. ? But over among tho ravines, whoro soft soli tary place.3 wcro spotted with brilliant patches of Heath or hugger-mugger, with feasts of flowers, whero tho tenderness of English green lived, nnd broc/.y English winds mado music round tho rocks, did not Recall Bath's (lower to strength. It was lost lomehow among tho white gleaming clays of the mines, nnd loft among tho pallid barren! ess. Sho oaddenod among tho beautiful days with their shade aud nil the wondrous things they carried to make ' life joyful. Tho incenso of tho mcadow3 and tho elasticity of tho year3 iwere gone, and the big man watched nnd wept that tho lifo was withering. ? Her heart wai sick for tho faces and voices and scones sho had known, and sho gradually sank into that rcposo that means rest, and, waiting for tho harvest homo, sho was laid bolow a mountain oak that mado aeolian sound when the wind camo down and swayed it, ami thero she slept, having left behind her a chargo for the arms of. strength to shield,' and to take her placo in the husband and father's heart. .' ? . ' ? . When Miss Bath rode into Batterton, Batterton gaped. It generally- stood ' at; it3 doors to look at her. Tho bright, brown-haired girl on her horse, with its shining limbs and patrician head, had disquieted' tho rest of many a. yatith who' pondered despairingly on ? tho possibility of somo impossible' adventure' enabling him to find favorin her eyes. Sdoiety. at Battorton was riot completo without her ; animositic3 smouldored or brokiroiit bec'ausoof her. Young men -became reckless' ihtrignors for invitations to .tho partio3 whoro sho was ? dxpected, and tho acrostics penned upon. Martha- evinced a triumphant wealth' and variety .of poetic imaginings and ardent larigtiago that was altogether creditable to tho town. . So'bIio. came aud went, unwitting 'of tho hlddea tur-s moil that was working, or of tho many who would do so much for a smile from her radiant face, Mr. Merks, the curate, who wrestled against tho temptation of adoring her, felt he was vanquished, and sought another parish. Thero was noverbeforesuchalot of enthusiastic church supporters to decorate tho walls for Christmas as when sho was at home and camo to assist with tho hollies and tho blossoms and weave the symbols, Batterton, with its con trasts of pretentious ahops and frowsy houses, its idle streets and its flats of deserted claims, bearded with strange weeds, was proud of Miss Bath, nnd was communistically jealous rather than otherwise when a Minister of the Crown, who camo to inspect a sludgo channel, danced with her too often nt an evening party. What could mar her constant happiness whoro her littlo world gave such homago ? Bath's farm was called The Glen. Tho Glen was one of thoso spots that strangers mo ad vised to sco if they can spare tho timo and havo it in them to admire tho gifts that nature bestows, in her capricious fashion, to tho nooks and nestling places that cling to tho hills or by tho streams so frequently ; and so one of Batterton's visitors decided on trudging over to sco tho placo. A' visitor to Batterton wa3 always an object of intorest, but whon the visitor chanced to ' becomo a customer ho rose much higher in public estimation. When Mr. Porch, the eminent draper, looked over his spectacles at a shadow that fell upon his door-steps ono morning, his mercantile mind was puzzled. The customer had a. light springy step, wa3 lean and broad-shouldered, had a queer, unhandsome faco, and was dressed in a way that wa3 rather superior for Batterton. ' Clothes built in Melbourne,' was the trades mnnliko conclusion of tho mercantile mind. 'Ten to ono he'll ask for something 1 1.-. ven't got. Dogskin gloves, or chamois braces, or French felt——' ' Yes, sir.' And Mr. Porch bowed, taking hold ^of ono of his hands with the other in a gcntlo and expectant way. Tho customer put his hands in his pockets and looked round the shop, whistling. ' What can I ? ? ' 'I beg your pardon,' spoko the customer, in a kind of voico that suggested the pos3ibility of cricketing shoes. ' ' I want to purchase a pair of strong moleskin trousers, a pair of stout laceups, and a widoawako, and I want them cheap.' The draper, out of pure habit, released the hand ho had grasped, and grospod tho hand ho had released, as ho said, ' For youraolf, sir ?' A very faint flush passed rapidly over the customer's faco. 'They are for a person of tho same mako as I am, and what will fit mo will fit him. Ho is, I beliove, snob onough to feel ashamed of purchasing what he intends to wear.' ' I only asked, sir, out of habit, nnd, indeed, it is to somo extent necessary, so that I may know tho sizo.' ' I beg you will mako no apologies. I want honest things at tho very lowest prico that will pay you. My friend, the snob, i3 short of money.' When the bargain nnd Mr. Porch's light conversation wero nearly concluded, tho young fellow seemed to hesitate with himself for a couple of minutes ; perhaps, indeed, Mr. Porch, with his head bent and looking at him over tho rims of his glasses, thought it was more. ' I feol rather ashamed, sir,' ho said at last. ' I am the snob who had not tho courage to tell you I wanted the clothes for myself. I say this much, feeling now that thero is such a thing as solf-rospect to bo consulted.' ; Mr. Porch put on his be3t business smile, and waited. To say the truth ho was rather embarrassed, because of a slightly challenging but -very earnest look that 'was in the eyes of his customer. Ho therefore contented himself with pushing his spectacles abovo his eye brows, ' ? ? ? ? ' You havo, hero, I presume, a sort of fitting room ? I moan a place whero people try on your clothes.' Mr. Porch nt once showed the young man into an apartniont furnished with a number of ribbon blocks,' a. packing-easo and a looking glass j and from this he shortly emerged looking nono tho worso in tho honest mole skins and tho drill shirt; 'My clothes nro mado up in a parcel inside ; would you favor mo by giving them storage room for a short time ? I'vo shod my bark to — to onter upon a now sphere. Havo you a chimo of bolls any whero in tho neighbor hood?' . ? ' ' '??-???' ? ? . ' : Mr. Porch admitted, with somo reluctance, ? that Batterton did not boast n chimo of bells. ' Thoro being no chnnco of tho ' Turn again, Wliittington,' business; I may not claim the 'clothes for some time. I- thought I might possibly havo commenced a' new career by Bwecpirig out that fitting-room of yours. : Good day; Mr.— Porch, I believe.'' ' '????..' ?Mr. Porch suddenly drew downhis glasses, and fixed '-thorn severely on tho waist of tho honest tnoleav Thou ho pulled, out his blunt pointed scissors and charged -'them; ;:'Eicuso' me, sir, this doe3 not look well,' snipping off a ticket bearing tho brand 'sixes' in °largd letters, and a puzzle of lead pencil figures below it. Mr. Porch again took possession of ono of his hands with tho other, a33uring his customer the clothes would bo safe, aud wisiiing him ' Good morning.' While the draper was enjoying his breakfas6 with a clear conscience, and speculating on lu'a queer customer and tho straight clear look of his oyes, the latter wa3 trudging on in the di rection of the Glon, on tho beauties of which Mr. Porch had expatiated with some enthu Biosmi Tho morning was clear and warm ; a hot breath was quivoring away down the white road and over among tho hay-colored paddocks. Tho sheep were beginning to group pantingly in the shade. Here and thero patches of glit tering water nnd bright green reeds mada contrast with the withered pasture and tho still treo3 ; yellow mounds of sheaves wore gathered, and in fields half reaped were tho motions of reapers and the sudden glint of blades. Tho stranger stood admiringly wiping tho moisture from his face with tho sleeve of his coarso shirt. Tho plain features did not con ceal tho glow of admiration that came to them and tho warmth of feeling bolow it. Thero was something liko tenderness' iu his half smilc, something liko recklessness in the wny he thrift Uis hands into his bolt and saun tered from the highway. 'This,' he said, addroising his fhirt-sleoveJ and his white trousers, 'is not what I bought you for. Our vocation ia with the axe or the reaping-hook, not with scenery or sentimental regrets. I would wish both of you wore honestly soiled and patched, and that we were collectively sitting as a field-hand in some of tho.farmcrs' huts about here. Old Horace a.-., '???'?'T.nlior is prayer.' The least [com mendable form of such supplication is reaping on a day like this. Here is a stack-yar.d,- and tho beautiful indescribable perfumo of the harvest field is over it like incense.' Away from where he stood lie could see the trees, and the river nnd tho mountain, and ho lay down on a dhaded patch of grass. When he listened to tho far faiutf o'ind of the stream mixing with voices ho had known, and looked at faces up among tho leaves, and wove lan guage out of their whisperings aud out of tho softly coming hum of life that was afar, it all passed from him, and ho slept. In examining into tho construction of stories such as this, I should be afraid to mention the number of original thinkers who have adopted a circumstance similar to that which I havo described on which to turn events. In this caso I might havo sought for somo incident moro piquant — leas natural — if a choice had been permitted me, but I have nono ; and how ever threadbare and commonplace may bo tho fact of a stranger sleeping in a rick-yard, upon which tho after events of this narrative hang, I feel desirous of placing tho episodes of tho littlo history boloro my readers exactly as they occurred, and in tho sequence of their occur rence. While tho sleeper lay thero ho was, without doubt, amongst other scenes, for tho pleasant smile often visited his face, and, per chanco, tho face3 ho had scon in tho leaves and tho voice3 ho had heard with them were visit ing him in the dreamland. Such wero not the face;) and tho voice3 that approached whero ho lay. When tho stranger strolled off the road towards tho placo whero ho was Bleeping lie did not sec, although ordinarily quick of ob servation, a thin cloud of dust travelling slowly towards dim. It was too slow and vaguo to bo raised by a horseman, and barely pro nounced enough to indicate motion ; but tho day wa3 so clear that it was quito distinct as it sailed away ngain3t the sombre green of trees, nnd was lost again upon tho withered plains. After a time a couplo of men walked up with the motion of tho dust till their figures wero visible, when tho road wormed past, and was lost beyond a rise clumped witU ragged brush. CiLvrTE!! II. — A Christmas Bos Fnua TIIATED. They looked like stains on tho white track until their slow motion brought them to tho rise that was above the Glen. Thero wero dark streaks of dust on their ovii faces, and darker possibilities in their evlllor eyes. There waa dobauch upon them, and if only from the fact thut both turned silently from tho road aud walked in tho same direction as tho stranger, while listening and looking furtively round, it was also clear that they carried a purposo with their heavy swags. They chose tho sliadow of a hedgo running' by whoro tho stranger lay, and sat down with their rolled blankets beneath them, and their purpose bo foro thorn, for contemplation aud study, whiit ovor that purpose* might bo. ' ? ' ? ' For suro it's him, Tom.' ? ' ' ? Tomlaughedj and held up his fingers from his Unee3 for -examination; They., wero bunioned, Jand' strong and ' 'cruel looking. ' Sure it'a hini? Could a man be-mistook fox a man ho 'fought along ? of. ? -D!ye Boe ihat fuc hut in shadow just anigh the river ? That was the snot where he took ndvnutago of hi3 .cienco, and slung mo about as if I was a cm dog, aud passing that there corner I shook my fist at him, and sworo tho timo would come, which it has come now, when Td got tho best of him. Ayo I mind it woU how tho men laughed and groaned mo ns I went away. Sure it's him and his place and his stuck afore ua I Tom laughed, and held Ins spread hands out towards tho tranquil beauty of tho spot ?with an attitude that had something in it of lieatowinc a malediction. ' Miffa ye this heio job is on conditions, Tom ; them ns I spoke of.' ' Which shall bo done, old man, luo speaker placing his hand upon his companion's knee, and looking suddenly at his face. That f aco was certainly not ono to bo trusted. It s look was fixed as if the study of tho purpose still monopolised attention. ' What's easier. Wo don't go a mile out of our way. There's tho bit of ftise.aud wlion done we'll be half a mile off, and another quarter before tho smoke is Eeen. The stacks is close, an' the job's easy. In haU ftn hour our part ? will bo finished.' .; The young and keen ears of tho stranger ; wore by this time well awako to the material ? voices near him. His first feeling was ono of ? surprise, and, acting on its impulse, he quietly ?ensconced himself behind a trailing bough of ? the close acacia hedge. _ ?? '???? Ayo,' continued tho speaker, ventilating ?tho purpose to assist his companion's study. ? -? Them big stacks is jolly close, and they links ' together like, that there crop above and below ?em, and that there will bo Tom Jones's Christ mas box to Bath, what took advantage of Bcienoe, and hammered me. There is plenty of ?ways of fightin' besides fists. So!di-srs wots : bravo fighta with fire instead. That's wot Tom J01103 is going for to do.' ? The voice of Mr. Jones ceased, and the lis »?«**, in hi* honest clothe3 could bco him -busily stretching out a line of fuse from where his companion sat darkly looking at the operation as tho first uufoldment of tho pur pose, j ' If so be it's to be, let's have it over, and mako a start,' responded .Tones. ' Let's do ' it, and doit well. The bonfire will bo well up, an' Bath aiid his men a sweating over it when wo are nigh a mile off larfin' in our jolly sleeves, . Lay hold of tho end of that there, Joe.' ' . r ???-. -t.-'*'--^ ? To this request. .Tr-*'*, and resuming his heiWYlfi-*-''1- Tne otller savagely pulled at a sheaf in the well built stack, aud, having dis -engaged it, pushed theblack cord into its heart As far as his arm could reach. . ' Now a match, Joe, and tho name of .these hero parties is Walker,' said the man, turning to where his companion sat. But he saw in stead tho lean-, broad-shouldered young fellow rising from the shelter of tho bongh with the speed and noiselessness of a ghost. The in cendiary snatched up a tough-looking stick, and called upon his friend. ' Here's a Bpy, Joo Barnes,' ho cried, in bitter indignation. 'We'll soon put a stopper on tho informer's game. Come on.' It was not Barnes but tho stranger who res ponded to the invitation. The yonng fellow's eyes had a rather dangerous glitter in them as he looked to where Barnes sat. Tho weapon the man had lifted was ono of a num ber of sticks scattered about tho yard, and without taking his eyes from Jonc3 he stoopsd rapidly, and in a moment was simi larly armed. ' What is your object in burning tho man's stacks down,' he asked, searching the other's eyes keenly. ' These stacks mean work for laboring men like us, and — ' . Certainly he would never have finished the sentence thereafter if he had been less watch ful. Jones with all his force aimed a sudden blow at him that would have conclusively pre vented any altercation had he not with a rapid movement and seeming ease caught the heavy stick on his own, held guard fashion. The weapon of Mr. Jones shivered up its length into his broad and dirty palm. 'You were railingat science just now, and it's likely you'll have to put up with a little more of it,' ho remarked, as a stride brought him close to the lumbering ruffian, who, but for the smears on his face, would have looked as frightened as a coward well could ; but ho waa at bay, and he had strength and weight, and with no one present to show fair play. He made fiercely at tho interrupter of his revenjje, aud tried to clutch him with liis strong hands, but received instead a blow that partially dazed him. The young man in tho honest moles, still with possession of his stick, looked rapidly at tho solitary witness, who seemed to have studied out the purpose, and was preparing for* action by lifting a large stone so that the con test might be decided as early as possible. ' Come on,' Jones* panted. His voico was interrupted by a stroke from tho stranger's arm that seemed to have the power of a priz fighter in it. The man fell up against the stack ca the whirr of a missile struck it harm lessly, and dropped at his feet. Nearly blind with rage, and reckless, he sprang out, catch ing .hia enemy by the neck, and by sheer weight and impnbe breaking tho blow that fell upon , his chest with stagger Ing force. Jones's long arms closed like tentacles, and were swaying him down ; but it was not tho first time that, as captain of a foot ! » \Uam' b' hai reloaaod Wmself from a ?*» «?mllar ^P6' and Jones was scarcely ' Come on jr I *$e norronfl ann' . ^* °*» with » iorso that Bounded strangely under tho fcat reddening board, ' whilo I git him in front' Tho stranger spoko fast and resonantly, ' If your mato comes nearer I shall use this bludgeon on your head.' But tho dark-browed Jo»,\$i ffisappoarcd. Tho two men oloV- *V a struggle which was all the fiercer thaV it was silent, and again, to tho terror and despair of Mr. Jones, science prevailed, causing his shaggy head and broad shoulder to plough tho turf. Tho intruder upon tho purposo looked round, and, not seeing tho companion of the prostrate man, ho flung his stick away and stood over him. ' If you choose to Cyrano this pastime of yours on your own account get up and do it) don't lio sprawling liko a beaten hound. Why do you wish to fire tho man's stacks 2' Mr. Jones lay without motion. ' 'Get up,' said the stranger, stirring him with his foot, ' and answer my question. Why Bhould laboring men like us dwtroy that which gives us food and labor ? I am curious on this point.' NevortholesB tno young man was iuuiu»uuV roused. There ran through his voice a Bharp ness that reminded ono o£ tho glitter of a blade. The ordinary look had loft his face, and it seemed a3 Bottled and powerful ns hia eyes were dangerous. ' If you don't get up, you cowardly ruffian, I shall tie your armB and march you down to the farm.' The man raised him3eH slowly on hia elbow, took a rapid sidelong look at the speaker, and put his hand to his heart aa in pain. « I_I_I'm. You've lulled — .' He fell back senseless. The athlete was on one knee beside him in a moment. ' Sit up j you'll bo better presently. Come, try and rouse yourself.' Jones did rouse himself, with a suddenness and visor not at all to be oxpected. Tho long arms were around the stranger's neck again, and in a few minutes the foul-faced tramp was leaning abovo him with his knees upon his chest, and a cruel laugh on hia bloodied face. ' Ah, hah ! my swell cove, wot gammons^a working man, whore's yor science ^JfSw thon, find spy in' in moles, ,-ijgfa mak0 Bnort WOrk of Joe, shov' rAtibTwhilo speaking tho heavy tramp th'-.' kneading the prone man with hia huge knees, and holding him back with his ip-eat hands. But even the courageous Tom could not help feeling how dangerous because de termined tho faco looked. It was still so full of life and so quick and firm. With a prepara tion that must have required a great store of determination, the stranger got himself into position for a supreme effort, and, just as Mr. Jones's ponderous fist was raised to fall with full force upon his faco, ho felt himself pitched away and overtaken by another im petus delivered by tho terribly quick and mus cular arm. This timo tho rickyord whirled round Jones in sudden circles ; he stood a moment silent, swaying and groping as if dark ness had come, and then he seemed to give way at all points, and sink down a huddled human wisp. The victory was dearly pur chased by the wearer of the new clothes. He, too, was giddy and spent, and Joo, the friend, had, it would appear, bethought himself of returning to the purpose. The ownor of science was standing drooping beside tho stack when the dark- faced and gloomy ruiniriator over possibilities let his black brows appear round its' corner. He crept on towards the common enemy with tho silenco of a panther, with the look of the panther strong on his faco, and with all its treachery in the tenacious pationce with which ho slowly decreased tho distance. Ho need not have been so careful ; there was a humming in the cars of tho bowed figure. Seeing that Jones lay stwSched before him, ho had no thought just then for other danger. And thero was a good deal of tho panther in tho bound made by Barnes, in tho expression of preying and in the eavago forco with which ho pulled tho man prostrate and flung himself upon his victim. It seemod as if his success had intoxicated him from tho fear which he probably felt before. The victory given him by tho unresisting man bestowed a reaction which carried an access of white rage. Ho. was by many degreesa worse enemy than Jones. There was no blood Bhed because he had no kuifo. Ho did not give the prostrato man hia deathblow because there was no bludgeon, lie shouted out hoarsely and chokingly exultant, ' Como, Jones, we'll tie him and throw him under the Btaok, He'll burn with the straw quick. He'll burn with ? ' The tramp did not finish. A sud&en; shadow fell upon him and as sudden a grip. Thcfury left his eyes and the rage changed to a cower. Strong ponderous grizzled Bath had hia hands on him, and the grim faco and t-/o grimmer clutch told him how hopeless wat his enstody. A little away, half la the shade, half in the level sun, lay Jones, trying to riso in a dim in quiring way as from some blank stupor. The black-browed tramp had no thought of resist ing when dragged over in nUenoe to whero a coil of rope was tying below some straw, and bound so firmly that movement was pain. Bath returned quickly to the stranger. There was concern in his face and voice when he bent over him. ' I was too late, my man, to render yon as sistance earlier. . You are a bravo f xllow, who everyou may be. I heard a portion of the con versation, and can gue3a the lntent/rjn of these two ruffians,' polling over tho loodtnod shoaf, ' There, rest on it till I return, Iho other J» trying to sneak away. This fuse will secure ' Jones, trembling and almost fainting, held his hands behind him to be hound. He know Bath and stood in silence. 11 You can stroll over to your friend irod con boIo him for the loss of his Christmas pudding. You can console each other,' and he turned contemptuously from him. Softly to tho stranger ho said, ' I am afraid you are seriously hurt j you may have got a dangerous blow.' Tho reclining man smiled, 'Not ono of them could get a blow in. That mis-shapen collection o£ cowardice and limbs tried to dance the life out ot ma with his knees. The effects are' passing off now.' Ho paused for a moment, looking at Jones, and laughed faintly. Bath looked at him inquiringly. ' I should think the next thinS to being hoist on one's own petard is the incendiary being tied with his own fuse. When he spoko of givinrr yon a Christmas box of burnt stacks and crops, to meet his idea of tho eternal fitness of things because you thrashed him at that far hn* bnlow. ho scarcely thought he would bo liandcuffed with his fuse.' 'Phew I' whistled Bath, speaking cheerfully, ' This then is Jones.' 'I was onjoying tho scenery below there when, between tho heat and the shade and tho drowsiness of tho day, I fell asleep, and was awakened by hearing the voices of these men at the other side of that acacia hedge. In tho course of that conversation I gathered that tho name of tho tall gentleman was Thomas Jones. Ho had just laid the fuse to this stack, when I camo forward and asked, in tho civillcstway, why ho desired to burn that which give3 us (working men) work and food. He denounced mo as a Bpy, and we tried conclusions, x nnu quite settled his business when that other, with a faco like one of tho Medusar, sprang on mo behind, and was about administering tho coup dc grace whon you camo upon the scono as well as could he arranged for on tho stago or in a novel. You, sir, are tho hero of tho 'In that case,' replied ^Eatii. ^ -' T^ -'Si-fart wKt^ta me. This morn flig I started with tho avowed intention of en tering the ranks of honest labor. I was pre pared to grasp the hands of working men with a brotherly pressure, but— but' — there was a slight quiver of the mobilo mouth — ' this kind of experience does not prepossess mo much in favor of the step, and yet if I had chanced rightly amongst honest follows I might have serenely contemplated tho prospect for a time. I am a man in age and in strength now, and my father used to tell me that men must work.' ? Bath closely and gravely watched the speaker, Thero was some expression of em barrassment on bis face and of respect iu his voice and manner, as ho said, , ' Hay I inquire, js'thout impertinence, sir, who you are. Yourlanguago and boaring are unmistakably thoio of an educated man, whilo yonr clothes——'' * ? 'Bought of honest John Porch, tho draper of Batterton, this morning, with the view of commencing my career.' Ho hesitated, and his expressive faco saddened. After a little thought, ' Surely you may ask me, sir. If I have^ saved your hayrick you have savod my. life. My name it George Gray, son of Alfred Gray, who was w-eck'ed and went down with the wreck of the Glasgow Bank. Ho had been a vigorous swimmer on the world's stream, and thought himself in still water when tho crash came.' ' And ho lost all ? I see, I see.' ' He went down utterly, Bir. Ho is buried at Lena, and my nother and sister strugglo on on what was saved,' ' And you havo left them ?' ' A quiok look oS paiu camo to his face, ' I have left them. How could I do otherwise ? I think a State oc'.iool boy could keop accounts bettor than I, and thero are a hundreds appli cations for clerlahips when ono 1b vacant j but that is not my work, I had hoped for something that vould keep mo omployed at manly occupation. I have relieved my mother of tho burthen, »nd travelled this far in my search.' [ ' It will be your own fault if you go further, Mr. Gray. If you will assist me to see these fellows Bocuroly lodged wo will consider mat ters this evening.' Tho flood of tho sunsot was streaming down tho hill and crimsoning the river. It filtered through tho solemn trees. It painted tho leaves and flowers of tho verandah, and its bars foil through the open window, where they seemed to meet and mix with music. Ciiaptee III. — Complications. If Gray was not fitted for clerkly work it turned out that ho had tho dearest head and the readiest hand on the farm. Ho labored early in tho fields and was late among tho shadows. Under his effort the fences crept further out upon the pasture, and acres were gathered in to give grain of their fullness, and creep up on th'o breast and away on tho shoulder of tho stern old sentinel. The cheer ful sound of hia voico or song was to bo heard following the hoises as they scored tie land for seed, or among the vines when thosnawas on their vivid green or glorifying their chang ing color. Often in the long or in the short days near by was Martha Bath, happy in the beauty that was all around her. She laughed with him while he toiled, and learned of him many things that oamo to her like echoes from tha world beyond.. In tho months of this pleasant time, whether happened alternation from Dun to gloom or the breezy days j : that swept tho grass or tossed the branches, thero was woven through it all tho calm brightness of n. memory that was peaco. Miss Bath's rides into Bat tevton on Binning Sybil became less frequent and more erratio ; and then camo times when wonder and thought visited her, and' whon hor faco flushed rod she scarco knew why. Sho felt that tho calm was drifting from her and sailing away somehow from tho circle of her life. Tho homage given her at Batterton was general. Young men when they spoko to herbliiBhcd to the roots of their struggling beards, aud thero was with all that deferen tial obeisance to her wishes and that gallant ardor to do her pleasure that could not but tell a handsome girl, with woman's instincts, how marjy admirers of hers thero wero whom sho could mako happy. More than one had sought hor, and spoko and thought of love, but her merry laughter had refused them more certainly, than words. Thero had not been a ripplo in tho girl's life till sho began to think tlioimhta that Btartled her and to wonder why sho should bo ashamed of running across tho rlvor and the shadows to whero Gray toiled so Bteadilyand cheerfully. Elsewhere her presence meant homage ; atth© farm there was none, and yet sho preferred the ring of Gray's voice, and tho straight clear look from his plain strong faco, to all tho adulation of Batterton. She dared not admit it to herself, but it was so, that the sweetness of hi3 smilo followed her to mako her glad or to make hor petulant, The calm had been stirred, aud there were fleeting signs of shadow. It came about that days passed without a visit to the field from .the frank girl ; many a timo a rustle in the hedgerow mado Gray's heart leap in tho thought that it might bo her j many a timo his faco wore pain, and ho found his work toilsome, and felt that ho was growing weary, not knowing that she sat palo and proud watching on her seat the dim figure on the hill wliilo chafing at hor own weakness. When sho brought a visitor to the Glen1 and fou*.i i.orfud day, guided to where sho was by raised tones that sho well knew and laughter that sho know still better, and whon she saw the glow upon his face and tho bravo prcsenco behind tho rough clothes, the coldnes3 of the rcservo that came to her cliilled her as sho turned away, and thenceforth the fields of the glen wero visited by her no more. Gray worked sometimes with Bavage energy that ho might not think of her prido or feel the days, once so full of pleasure, grow long and lone some. He could Bee her day after day gallop ing away with friends out upon tho green, bo low the stripes of shade, across the tracks of sun, when tho wattle fragrance was in tho air, and tho calls of birds filled tho days with life and blessing. He fought manfully and all the braver that ho was. silent, and that ho put away from him steadily tho hope that was weaving itself through his days but to reveal its hopelessnesB by the light it gave. One day, when the brightness and the calm lay upon the earth, when the motion of every blade of grass and leaf of tree seemed but a tributo to the fulness of joy that was upon tho world, he stood dreamily looking far afield whero the fohit gray curtain was on the horizon. The step ho had of lato bo longed to hear was com ing towards him, aud voices with it. Mr. Joseph Eickett,of tho Batterton Treasury, and Mr. Thomas Patterson, heir to tho wealthy miner, wero her escort. Tho young gentlemen wero gay and loud, and -what between their faultless riding costumes, ? their aggressive bearing and tho glitters that their small white fingers carried, they wero altogether irre p'roachablo. It is truo thero wero lines of de bauch on their handsome face3, and an un healthy dulneaa in their oye3, but their shining boots and elegant attire, and that ensemble which is forcibly if vulgarly described as lar-di-da, covered a multitude of faults. No less than tho jcuncssc dorce of Batterton, face to face with tho University man, stroke oar on tho river and, captain in tho field, and now leaning on hia axo. It would bo difficult to say why Martha Bath brought about the meeting, She may havo had some womanish object to servo in showing who wero hor ad mirers and slaves, Sho may have acted from Bomo of those faint, mysterious dictates of her sex, whoso tactics are to wound that they may heal, to humble that they may raise, but in all things to conquer, and bo queens by virruo of tho unqueationod right that grace aud beauty give. Sho woro her frankest and gayest air, and her laugh was ringing at its merriest pitch, though thoro wero false notes in it, and tho shadow of anxiety within hor oyes. Shahad no sooner seen tho muBoular figure standing apainst tho leaves, resting in an un studied attitudo of strength, no sooner had she seen tho firm face and caught tho wonder in the clear manly eyes, than her heart misgavo her, and she felt hor error. The feeling mado her reckless and palo. On her sido she felt sho could have done nothing better to show how contemptible her companions seemed whon brought to close- comparison with tho brave young worker who on his sido evidoncod an cosy bearing that his strong hands and rough clothes but added to. Miss Both camo to humble Gray after her own fashion. Before his quiet dignity and look of strength sho folt humili ated ( she caught his smilo to the visitors, she alone interpreted the faint movement of the sensitive mouth, and alia olond knew the man liness end bravery behind it. Mies Bath would havo given hor beautiful Sybil to have turned home and hidden the bitterness of the indignation at herself that struck her so sadden a buffet for the moment. It vm tod late. She bent her head haughtily to hia salutation, and with a l'olitoimpl^tWo^Ttt^Trla^b h«vo been used to ^r^X* Set her horse. There was jMt £ * '«$ of mirpnse, a wondering earnest look 1 W& and tho next instant Gray had 110,1 1 i jlk-0 the homestead with his heart nea.lv bZltil and the blood suffusing hh b L^Sf Then Martha Bath began to realise ,v,atW had done; and if tho realisation Z^Mfc make her paler and colder.it took all the life out of her oyes and all tho li3ht out ofW heart. She watched him vaultiim «,„ fpn&.»J with his easy grace, „,„! ]ooItcd tlle w '» went as one in fear after tho foliar uxi H him and ti.l sho saw him ^n^^M hand on tho glossy neck of her favorite \x°X iho gentlemen spoke to her going toward, M homestead, whero their horses wwo iu waitmW butaho had no word of reply to give, ,nd H expression showed upon her faco but thill which caught it when Gray had bowou J|i left. Many a glad morning he had (OIIS Sybil for her boforo, but ho was asked ai 111 girl would ask her brother ; this time the iH quest was preferred as to a menial and hcfofS strangers ; for the first time it was the uij§| of a menial ho was fulfilling since that Cliri|li mas evo when ho struggled to save her fattieS propsrty iu tho rick-yard— that father wlM treated him as much like a son as ho trtaJlH her liko a daughter I Thinking thus, her faf|f was Bet and drawn as sho walked from wlicifflB tho axe lay among the tree3 to where hcrhonfl| would Boon bo waiting. Sho could have iJiij hersolf down and wept ; sho was weeping ufra wardly with mortification and regret. His hsgl wondering look lull upon her oyes ivas liana^ ing her. How. Bad and wearisomo the day u j§§ beginning to look, and how tiresome now tlHl bright sun and tho far-stretching plain Silfi who knew him so well only knew how decMi tho wound, Hor gay cavaliers were in waitiJfi upon the chanco of assisting her to mounS under veil of standing by the inare and gucs in||| her height. Mr. Eickett, with the pretence oil measuringthe forearm, was exactly in the rigliM position. Mr. Patterson, with a hold of thli slippor leather, was also admiring, and whom! the lady approached said cheerfully aud airilyil — ' Permit me.' M Said Uickett, in a business-like way, ' Yon® must see you aro in the way, Pntterson. Corac,« MissBath. Now, Patterson, if yoa pleaso ; yottg can't help a lady to the saddle from where yoiIB aro.' B Mr. Pattorson reluctantly relinquished hijH standpoint, but ran nimbly to ln'3 hone anil S thus 6ecurefl Sybil's off side. ? During this time Gray was standing silently H holding tho bridle. Miss Bath tried to see hi3 B face, but tho leaf of his broad felt lint w.u B pulled down, and Bickett secured the triumph- ? ant position of trembling to the magnetic B sensation of holding Miss Bath's sole in thq H palm of his aristocratic hand whilo he counted i three. These two products of Batterton civil- i isation were comparatively new to tUo Glen, a and Sam tho ostlor lifted his bushy trows ? when he saw one of tho strangers lift liia mis« B tress to the saddle. This was tha first time, ? Mr. George being prosont, that ho had not H placed her on Sybil. Mis3 Bath tooksomoH timo to arrange her habit before bIio couldBj trust herself to keep back a gasp irad caWyH return thanks. A moment after she was up'l right in her seat and tho wayward fit unoai her. I ' Be kind enough to let those reins go, M In a few moments Sybil was snorting to liilHB long paces upon tho undulating turf. GcorgoBH Gray, without turning to look after the P-irt7-H walked stumblingly back to tho hill-sido, mulH Sam tho ostler stared at him with concern ia||| his old faco whilo twisting his finger in thoH bowl of his tobacco pipe, and speculating onH| tho probabilities, . . , SHi The suu was gathering one of hia most ''jBJH prcssivo pageants about him, and paintin^H it with crimson and gold ; ho had flung a ro30-flK colored mantle over tho trees aud was BcattctW ing burning orimson up along the river, wLcqH Bath, as was his custom, found Gray, mdM& together they sat down in tho sunset *-'«« Bath looked round at tho pile of stakes lymgM cut for farm purposes, and smiled. SH « It camo into my mind this mornin^M George, that you are doing too much ™*»| and you are too proud. These,' P^JH the sticks, 'could bo cut just as wellbynufiM man on the farm, and you would bo inuchmor«| in keying with your position hero and youM poBition as a gentleman if you went out »;teI'fllB on these riding excursions, for example, nou«| ding in the direction Miss Bath and her csm quires had taken in the morning. ' SuQ7°1!, °Hf| men as Ilickett and Patterson may not bo th« ? very best specimens of our rising gencratuM but tho lads' fathers and I aro old mates, « « worked in the same claim at Batlerton man™ years ago. You should let more ?''^'tB your lifo, and enjoy those pleasures whion wo|| presented, if only to gather pleasant ™™JM for the future. All men are ti» *«V$B happier for -such broken lights- -Gatlie c4g| thus they oftou cheer, if, by chance, the closin|M of life's journey may bo dark. B to 'koJ.f3| ing towards tho night and to tho end, tntt JH sunset on your back. Ono only reah^MM Buch memories comfort when ago gather^ jam ? Gray replied with an unusual oxprewott oih weariness in his voice. MilJM «I am happy enough up here o, -^J side, and I think no man could, he JM forget such a scene as that ?*Hn-£ M mory with 'constantly recurring ploW« i m should always have a bright and calming^H fluence, but tho sho* f^^eJl I \\\ (JlenwiU always bo looked upon by me as the ?f j loppiw' l)0liotl o£ mv llfc- Happinesses arc ' J brief.' nj -Mr. Bsth's red genial face took a paler ' i thnde, ami a look of incredible aHtoniahment. I I confer I do not understand you,' ho J Bmto hasto to say, in a voice utterly diacon *-A Krtcj ' Are you giving me to believe that jvj rou arc going to leave us ? Havo I failed in ' | b) loty towards you ; what haa annoyed you, V 4 jiau ' Wliat ia the reason of this sudden I I (lunge ? But a fow days ago, near this very tT'j wot, your voieo was tho cheeriest and your ?v J faco ''lc happiest on the farm. I do not do sgl ;ervo that you should disconcert mo thus. I'm Speak up, George. I havo tried to boa father ? j lojou you should remember that you also fej Oiro a duty to me. 1'shaw !' his eye catching II right of tho ovidencoa of George's labor. H ' What do I care for that kind of thing ? You ||j tavo taken two years of anxiety off mo, and j|| now, with tho time approaching, tho kindly §M Christmas timo, 3'ou nro about to break our F§ little circle.' Ho flung his hand disdainfully |J jo the direction of the stakes. ' I tell you I M don't want that kind of thing. I had come to m sdviso with you about giving such employment IS (o the men as . I did before you came.' Ho §8 stopped suddenly, then softly resumed. ' Ex ll cuse mo, George, but you startled mo ; is your H mother or sister V' H ' They are both well, sir, and ? ' H And wo shall havo tliem up at the Glen m this Cliristmaa too. That is understood ; it If always ha3 been understood.' w Gray, in tho same level voice, H I think you will agree with mo that it is a necessary I should leave, sir, when I make my i explanation.' a Mi Bath's vigilant eyes never moved from I ? tlio downcast face, and ho saw tho pain and I the paling on it. 1 ' We met after a struggle, and,' smiling, to I cover whatever weakness his voico might bo | tray, ' it seems we are to part after one. Tho 1 first was short and soon recovered from ; tho I latter has been long and bitter, and the re I covery will take time, that is, indeed, if timo I be a healer, I could no longer stay here, sir, I with honor to myself and justieo to you, or in I gratitude to your kinduws. Knowing, as I know now beyond any possibility of doubt, that I love your daughter.' [ Mr. Bath sat ? without replying. Tho shadows were growing long, and fragments of broken sunrays were falling upon them through the leaves. The deep red light was billowing away past them, and down below shades were gathering, and tho crimson flush was dying on the river. When the master ot the Glen spoke again his voice was solemn and very distinct. ' Havo you— that is— I moan— have you spoken on tin's subject to Martha 5' George's face flushed to his brows, and a sudden gleam came to his eyes. 'Could you believo I would repay your kindness in that fashion after what I havo Baid ? I havo spoken of it up here to the lonelincss'many a time, and I have* tried to put tlio thought from mo, but it was as constantly by my sido as the sun— and tho Bhadow. Why should I, oven if I could, so abuso your confi dence and make her unhappy ? Sho finds pleasure in the society of thoso gay young gen tlemen and others of their kind who havo eltapemncd her so devotedly of late. A decla ration, even with your consent, sir, might add to her fund of amusement, it could .not con tribute to her happiness, and in tho mean time ? ' ...' ' : 'Well, sir ':' 'The struggle is becoming bitterer.' ' Tho girl's happiness is my first concern, George ?,' '. ' Surely it is.' ' And aho has a right to choose tho husband with whom sho thinks her happiness will bo Safest.' Slio is my greatest treasure, giving mo the memory of her mother and tho lovo of herself. Sho shall choose where sho pleases aa long as her choice rests on a good and honor able man j do you hoar mo 5' Gray nodded. ' I aay so long as her choice rosta on n good nnd honorablo man - 1 shall not interfere, no matter what may bo hia possessions or his property.' Gray was looking away sadly at tho coming night. ? ? ' Bath' watched him kconly for a moment, and muttered li criticism not at all complimentary to his companion. ' You will perceive, nir, how weighty aro lay reasons for leaving behind mo thoso re Membrances of mylifo whero I havo known tho greatest happiness and tho keenest torrow,' ''??-. , ' Whoro do you purpose eoing when you leave hero }' asked Bath, with somothing liko R quaver in tho question. ' To my mdthor, air, at least for a timo.' ? Bath'ato'od up, stooping over Gray. ' ' I consider I am entitled to ask a favor of you,' ho said, rathor atornly. ' I want your promlso that you will tako no Btop after going to your mother without consulting me. You 8oe wo may go to Europo for a while, or some where out 'of this j.in Biich caso you would liave no objection to tako chnrgo ?' Gray alao'roso. ' : ?'' ' ; ?'. ' 'You havo my promise' ' And by this time tho nicht was falling upon most things,' andsetting its lustroful points in tho sky, .la tho silent ohwraptment of tho stealing and retreating' twilight thoy , walked , down from tho breast ofitho.hill that had worn tho sheen of gold and purplo to whero tho faint toist was sleeping above tho waters and gathers %! among tho trees, Chapter IV.— Mb. Pouch Tells a Story. That evening a noto arrived at tho Glen for air; Bath, forwarded' by his daughter, to tho effect that her fricnda.tho Pattersons had pre vailed upon her to stay ? for a few days, and that sho had acceded to the request con tingent upon her father's permission. This, aa a matter of course, waa duly, borne back by the messenger. Thereafter, for somo daya, tho house waa empty and its voices gone, and Bath found much the same solace in work on the hillside that Gray had done, ' Ho finished tlie' work that had been begun, and in the evenings gathered round him tho memories of the times that were gone, and filled with the hopes and lights that had once lived with him, when tho beating of hoofs on the white road and the sound of voices and laughter called him down to the house ouo afternoon in time to boo his daughter pulling up her horse, tho brightest and gaye3t of tho party. She had alighted before ho reached her. The old groom was making his way to tho panting. horse as sho gaily bade her friends adieu, and turned to tho verandah. Sho watched them moving oil, and then turned with an expression of anxiety that was not new to her face to look at tho hillside. Her graceful figure, in the tight-fitting habit, drawn up in the sunlight, with one hand above her dark eyes shading away tho light, tho other grasping the folds of her skirt and whip, as she stood against tho background of vivid green shim mering around her, mado a picture that gave pride to her father's heart ; as ho approached ho saw her hand . fall listlessly and a sort of droop that looked like weariness como upon her, They entered the room together, and Miss Bath's voice and presence was again busy dis pelling the silence and bestowing light on tho quaint rooms. She gave to tho old placo laughter, and scattered the glamour of the twi light before tho gossip of Batterton and the gaieties of her. sojourn there. ' Como to dinner, Martha,' said Mr. Bath from hia end of the pleasantly lighted table, ' You have been riding and I have been work ing ; let's not delay this all important cere mony. Wo should be blessed with tho ap petites ascribed to hunters.' ' You do not usually begin before — before Mr. Gray comes. You must be hungry in deed.' Explained her father, speaking in quito a cheerful way, while scrutinising tho edge of his kuife, ' I forgot to tell you that George— I mean Mr, Gray— has left the Glen.' Mr. Bath did not look up, but felt the long pnusc that, ensued. The, young, lady did not move from her position, Sho was leaning beside tho window, looking away where the darkness was falling upon the plains and creeping up tho hill. With a voice that, although low, had a great assumption of carelessness in it, ' In deed, let us then thoroughly enjoy our (eVcii tCtc, father,' while moving her chair a3 sho sat down, ' Aud pray, when doc3 Mr, Gray return i' Mr. Bath, carving laboriously, ' Ho does not return, Martha,' and it was impossible for him to keop the accent of regret out of his voice. Mis3 Bath unconsciously put her hands upon the table, and leaned over silently, as if to speak, but their trembling caught her atten tion, and sho removed them boforo saying, with a catch in her voice that seemed to striko and shako her father's baud in response, ' Then I am to understand from you, father, that Mr. Gray has left tho Glen for good 5' ' That is what I mean.' - ? Thero was no further conversation. Miss Bath, pale and pre-occupied, responded ab sently to her father's quo3tions, and he folt hia assumption of cheerfulness become more diffi cult as tho night advanced. Tho lights behind the .windows disappeared early. In the still ness and darkness Mr. Bath crept liko ft burglar along tho passago of his own house, and stood listening with an anxious faco at tho door of his daughter's bedroom to tho muffled sounds of Bobbing. , Batterton, with ita limited population and unlimited capacity for conviviality, began to think that tho crispness of its little parties was disappearing. . Thoro was vapidity, about its best gatherings, dances '_. .planned; ; with shrewdest tact, omvcrsasionu got up to display accomplishments in musio . and tho other branches of a lady's curriculum, parties fla vored with cards and dolicionsly impregnated with forfoits and charades, failed to show tho iww they onco possessed. Tho successes of the past woro said to bo dopendont on tho bright and buoyant presonco of Miss Bath ; her laugh seomod tho clearest and heartiest, and her gaioty tho purest and .happiest. When, after a period of aolitudo- at tho Glen, gene rally and pathetically regretted by impression able spinsters, bIio began again to visit tho gay little place, tho quick, radiant bearing that was so especially hers, tho flashing and happy faco that used to look so pure, appeared to havo something, subtlo written upon -it. It had taken a timid questioning look, as r of inquiry of tlio' future or from the past, and that exul tation and joy of life in all thing3 life contained had stilled from its sparkling to tho flatness of a calm colored.with tho suspicion of a sorrow. Honest John Porch -had heard of this. Ho had stood in hia door, woaring hia shirt sleeves and scissors, to seo at times abovo his spectacles tho figure of Mis3 Martha, cantering past j ho saw that sho was not so upright .in her seat, and that the rider did nQt'somohow consort with her proud horso as sho usod to do. When slio' camo in ' for Borlin wool- df.floaa silk ho monopolised tho ploasuro of- attending her all to WnwoM^nilwiiynott. 'Ho. had partaken of her christening cake, anil stood 'godfather for herftwiyittthoGlon many years ago, before the trailers had begun to climb the verandah posts, aud before fruit had come to the garden trees. He bail drunk of the first vintage there, and ho had sold her father his first lace ups and moleskins, when the calico street, with its duat and dissipation and danger crept for a mile along tho flat from end to end. So Mr. Porch watched hia goddaughter somewhat uneasily of late, so much so that, in pricing a momsdinc .Maine, of special pattern to her one day, ho forgot his hieroglyphics, and.be came quite a failuro . from a business point of view. Ho flung his seissora down in crusty disrespect of trade conventionalities, pushejl his spectacles up emphatically, and leaning over the goods towards the young lady, asked, ' What's the matter, Martha ?' It was five years since ho had called her by that name. She remembered the time well ; he did not then wear gla»c3j but hia hand shook that time too,' aa it slightly shook now, when he put exactly the same question. Ho had walked out to the Glen on a hot summer's day when ho heard she had fever, and when ho got- there he was all dust-stained, aud hia kindly face waa red and moist with heat, He stopped all. the afternoon, and often made ex cuaea to come into her room and seo her ; finally he mado pretence that he had forgotten the object of his visit, and camo in again, discloar ing to her a handsome cameo brooch, only to bo parted with by him in her favor, as her nurse was there and witness, on condition sho should become strong again, and visit Batterton with in a month, ' What's tho matter, Martha 5' He took her by surprise, The soft bright evening of five years ago rose before her. Thero were Ieave3 against her window then swaying softly whero the Mue sky camo in around and between them, giving her the wonderful sense of rcstfulnca; and of tranquil peace that she still remembered, and tho tears she smiled away, that came with happiness to her eyes below his, sho remembered too. Sho looked up at Mr. Porch rapidly, but the look was unveiled, and tho old man saw the pathoa of a sorrow in it. As her faco colored red aud became polo, again, she said, with a smile and seeming that hod lately joy in' it, ' What, godfather, do you think I am again ill with fever ? My health, I fear, is too good to tempt you with the offer of another cameo.' 'I promise you a bracelet, Martha, if you get rid of this— this ailment, aa you did tho last.' ... ; ' Get rid of what }' ' ; . ' I do not know, my dew girl ; people say your health and spirits are fiding ; they notice ' somehow that there is a shadow on you. j Come, get from under itj and you shall chooso ' your bracelet, or brooch, or uecklaco, or dress.' ? Sho stirred hersolf td speak lightly ajain, and sho laughed with tin! echo of her old plea santness, but she knew Kjie waa failing beforo I her oldest friend. Wh^t mattered it, he had been her second father always. ' I have heard it said that there would bp no shadows if thero were no sun, and that one is but the comple ment of tho other. If we enjoy tho sun wo must expect to enter upon the shade. The j day is all the brighter and more joyful when I you pasa from auu to shadow and ahadow to aun j so is life I suppose.' ' Martha, I would prifer seeing you recover ing from the fever, as jl did five years ago, than speaking aa you are spoaking now. Do you know, my dear, I think thero is a tinge of recklessness in it.' Thero was a tremulous flicker on her mouth, and a troubled look in her expressive oyes ' I remember once, wh«u tho disease came to my father's sheep, and tho banks pressed him sore, thero was some one who slapped him bravely on tho-shoulderi and said, ' I can stop tho banks, and as for the siieep — well, there is | a silver lining to every cloud.' That somo ono ' is our greatest friend to this day ; and thoro icos a silver lining, as yep well know, I coidd scarcely answer your question if I would, I begin to Bee that thera are shadows destined for all of us. I ? ' Sho put her hand up I hurriedly and pulled downhor veil. ' My sister is in the parlor, Martha,' Porch {flung the motuhlinc delaine at an as sistant as though tho atjle of tho pattern con tained ft covert insult ; tiiou he addresBod him self to wiping his spectacles. In tho course of a week after this intorviow Mr, John Porch took iholiday, and sturdily walked to tho Glen, dressed in spring fashion, which meant an alpaca; coat and a Panama hat. He stopped to look at tho fields and tho coming flowers, which ho inwardly admitted were on the wholo rather prettier than any of tho last French lot he had just received from the importers. There was the sundew, look ing liko a gem in its framing of reddish-brown, thrown -out .by: tho dainty greonnesa of tho gras3, aud tho blue and yellow flowera with their perfumo, and the tassels of golden wattle with their incense, and the purplo sarsaparilla, heavy with bolls, climbing and trailing with tho nodding petals in all sorts of nooks and shaded spots, Mr. Porch thought all this quito oqual to tho best display of upholstery ho had ever seen. And was it not ? Tho soft bluo of the horizon shaded up towards the dome of sky, tho carpet of tho_ fields and hills woven- by earth and sun, and the rocks, liko fluted pillars, with sounds of praise that joinod into tho har mony of ono wido melodious.; anthem. JIo gathered a -flower or;two, and found tho holi* day's voices were entering his heart, as' ho felt companionship with clustering leaves or hiding flowers, and. with tho: wed lonp ? plants just peeping, out on life from, among -tho whiapor ing that was passing between the grasses and tho boughs, Mr, Porch described tho whole very curtly when he -almost laughed in happi ness at it all, and assured himself aloud that he -waa feeling young again, He pressed on towards .the hill and tho vinea he knew, and looked down on tho strangling house, whero the shadows lingored, dipped in greenness and freshness to tho eave3, aud tho garden, all a patchwork of color, sown with flowera and quilted by tho magic hands that aro so tireless and full of bonison. ' What do you want here, John Porch !' asked Bath, laughing a3 ho stopped from a shade, and laid his big hand upon his shoulder, 'You aro a trespasser; give an account of yourself.' . ' I felt liko one coming along, William. I had begun to forget that thero was anything like that,' waving his hand and stick all round him, ' why it's all a garden, aud tho day seems to mo to bo so big, and broad, aud bright, and so- full of everything. This i3 better than yardsticlo and millinery. I feel as if I had stepped out of a hut into a saloon,' . ? ? ' . ' Days like this Rive as much life and happi ness to us aa to the flowors and birds, I think. But you have no6 told mo why you are tres passing, and recklessly leaving your counter to tho mercy of Bhopboys.' Then old John Perch wiped tho perspiration from hia forehead deliberately, and having replaced his hat, said : 'Do you bco the slip panel thero, below tho pine I planted long ago. It ia nicely in tho shade ; is tho old log there still !' ' Aye, and ahan't be removed whilo William Bath lives.' ' Let us go there.' They sat down silently on tho log, the for mer looking concerned and wondering, for ho knew it was no empty motive that made his friend walk out from Batterton. Porch took off hia hat and nursed it aa ho looked down at tho house. ' What's wrong, AVilliam. What's tho matter with tho girl ?' Bath's faco shadowed with trouble. . ' Matter enough, John ; she's fading some how, and I can't quito get at the bottom of it.' ' She's in love, who is it with ?' struck in Porch, impatiently, ' but I needn't aak you tho queation, as you don't know. Look bore,' said Mr, Porch, punctuating himself with hi3 stick, ' she began to take on when young Gray left. Gray is tho man she's in lovo with. Pshaw ! any ono could toll that. He's just worth a round dozea of tho hnn-o'-ine-thumbs about here. Now do you understand '!' 'Thoro you aro wrong. This is what Gray said to mo a eouplo of day3 before he left at the farthest corner of your paddock.' Tho conversation was repeated, while Mr. Porch stabbed the ground irritably. ' I told tho young fool I would object to no honorable man my daughter would choose as her husband, whether ho was rich or whether he w.is a beggar. What more could I say, John Porch 1 I will say no more. I'm not going to throw Martha Bath at the head of any man living.' ? ' Confound you for an old fool ; would you havo our Martha make the first advance ? Sit down. You'll go off in apoplexy if you don't tako care. . I say,' ho repeated, keeping slow and impressive timo with his stick, ' would you have our Martha mako tho first advanoo ? You will of course reply 'No,' Would you havo George Gray less honorable than ho is?' Mr. Porch pulled his glasses down, put his elbows on his knees, and watched his friend whilo waiting for his answer. Thoro was a long silence, and Porch continued : ' But I didn't como here to argue with you ; you wero never very good at that. I camo all tho way from Batterton this Thursday morn ing to tell you a story.' Bath turned surprised towards his friend, but ho saw. a far-away look of sorrow on his faco, and a half veiling of tho intelligent oyea, and did not reply, 'I cannot exactly remember how many years it is sinco I camo back to my father's farmhouse from London, raised to bo a buyer in tho shawl department of Beat and Co.'s warohouso, at a salary of £150 a year. 'It waa in tho summer timo, and tho day seemed to me to bo tlio brightest that 'over camo to tho world. Over boyond our placo I could seo the dark group of green trees whero tho rooks nested, and somo fields through which tho path' lod woro groen with grass and somo wero greon with crops. It scorned so peaceful after tho bustlo and blare of the eity, I could hear the old birds cawing as I raised tho butterflies running down from tho road to the lane, that was bordered with hawthorn, and perfume and still in shade with tho bum of life around it. I was hurrying to seo my father, but hurrying moro tosce Amelia Price, and tell her of tho good news. Sho had tho3o wondoring oyo3 I cannot describe, that somehow dwell in ono's heart, and in one's dreams, and with her brown hair and bright faeo sho was to mo tho faireBt flower in the world. Twolvo months beforo, in tho old lano, and in tho twilight, tho tears came to her eyes, and her hand trembled in mino when I told her, that tho only objoct in life I had to strive, for ,wa3 to win her and mako her, a home, and to walk through tho rest of my life sido by sido with her. It was the; first timo I had spoken to her as I then spoko. Wo had played logother, and known -eaoh- other (for.yeara beforo. I had dreamed o£ her and thought of her night and day, ; and' it was thoro and: then I found stjrongth to speak,; maybe from tho Bo'ftoning twilight, maybo , from tho, oonga 'of birds, or the. still happinoss that , .sepmed among tho flowers, and the gracious calm and shade, How I waited for what she might answer, with hdL blood in my face, and my stammering be3eecFi» ing fallen from my lips ! I waited, as in a, great blank, till I felt her hand tremble.i mine, then one brown curl fell over on my breast, and her head rested on my shoulder whilo sho sobbed. Look at me, William Bath, look at my white hair and old faco, and ask me what I did then !' Hia eyes were dim with, teara. 'What did I do ? I kis3ed her and cried with her for joy, such as I did not think was possible. How tho days went beaming by I all filled from tho morning to tho night with the seal of the tender eyes and the timid beauty of her face. On the last of thoso twi light evenings wo spent together I had cut an old guinea my dead mother cjave mo long and long ago, and before wo bade good-bye I tied a ribbon round her nook carrying ono part, and sho tied tho stout string on mine that carried tho other, and so wo wero betrothed.'' Tho speaker stopped and put his hand below his shirt, and when ho drew it back it was trembling, and on the pabn lay half ft' gold' coin, worn smooth. ' Thero is what she tied on mo that midsum mer night ; tlio other is in tho churchyard,, half a mile from her father's house. I hurried through tho lane with blessings for tho flowers that were peeping through the hedges at me a3 I ran with all my newj to tell, and all that was in my heart to say, I ran through the porch, buoyant and brave, with the prO3 pect of tho happy yeara stretching out before mo, all cloudless. In two hours I was stumb ling away blindly towards her house, where the trec3 and black glancing roolcs wero, and. the river bubbles by tho meadow banks. Hor father turned me from his threshold. I do riot know what I said there, but I have now a dreamy remembrance of staggering towards ft stile, and hiding near it in a passionate fit of tears, I was recalled by tho voice of a woman standing over mo. If there woro not tear3 in hor black oyes thoro was sorrow in her voico. ' I'm to give you this unbeknown, dear heart ; who . knows what's to come ? Don't take on, John, dear. If master saw mo I'd bo turned oat o£ his house ; he's cruel hard. God bless y*r Sho dropped a letter at my feet, and walked homewards, trying to sing just aa if thero was neither darkness nor sorrow in tho world, and aa if my heart was not breaking. I could see by the paper and tho writing in tho letter her teara had blotted it. It Baid : 'Oh, John,.itiisjiot tobo ; our fathers hava mot about it, and thoy have ' agreeuT-—5!gu are _. brave and strong1, and I am so weak now, for my heart went away from me when I tied tho troth plight upon your broaat ; yours is closo to my heart now. Our fathers say you must travel one way, and I must go another. The thought chills me so that I lose strength, and tho days are lonely and echoing only with tho words you spoko to mo. If I gave you back your troth there would bo no link between ma and life.' Then fever camo to mo and after its blank I cropt back broken to tho eity. I do not remember how the winter passed in tha routine of its bleakness and ita work, but I remember when tho spring was changing into summer again, arid tho lovo and tho twilight used to rise up before mo and striko my heart as with a blow, I got a lettter from Amelia's father that said : 'Sin, — My dwghter, I fear, is dying; shs wants to seo you. ' Her repentant father, 1 Thomas Price.' I travelled all that afternoon and night, an-f near the close of tho next day I wa3 at the threshold of her room. Mr. Prico was on his knee3 at her bedside, and sho lay white and wailing, with her eyes upon tho doorway.' Tho old man paused and looked awaj dreamily boyond tho shoulder of tho lull, where tho tree belt fringed tho outor circle ol tho plain. ' Changed I Fancy tho sun off that hill, and a covering of snow on it ; and yet she was not so changed aa that, but alino3fr— almost sho was.' , ? . . Mr. Porch was speaking to himself, not ta his listener. ? ... ; ,'' Tho whlto curtain, tho whito quilt, the* white faoo, all liko snow. But was there not ? the same deep tenderness of lovo in her oyos, and tho samo Bmilo. Sho said nought, -but ob, John Porch, how her eyes spoko to you as you loant over and kissed her, and told her that nono other should bo your wife all through life. .Your hand fixed tho plight whero hit heart had beaten, and your fingers wero tho. last upon hor brown hair. And brightness and reverence, and grief and hope shines to yon from that faco now. Tho long flower-bordered lane, and tho soft twilight, and her face and. voieo can boar you company still, and \v'il\t pleaso God, through all tho ovenlng timo.' ? Tho two friends sat silent till Porch rose, leaving Bath resting motionless with his faca leaning upon his hands, as ho walked slowly away from tho Glen and from, his romance ta his dark shop and hia shelves of goods. That night John Porch asked hia BUt:r foj his old writing desk, and when all within were, sleeping,. ho tremblingly road tho Iottor3 again, and looked at hia half of tho golden troth, wondering how long it might bo till tho union began away beyond tho Valley of. tho Shadow of Death. ? -. , . . ,. .' It was lato when Mr. Bath roturnod to hi* houao with tho .episodes of Porch's storj monopolising his attention and alarming him. There was no. parallol botwoon tho littlo his tory that had been related and: the situation o£ his daughter Marsha, .hut he was ; noverthelesa mado uneasy by it; aud when ho saw how palo juid listless Bho -looked, standing bofore the Srindow whoro Gray had beard tlio music nnd Jccn tho snnliare, ho resolved that no effort of Jiis ahonld bo loft untried to bring back the ^rightnoss that seemed slowly fading from her Is it had faded from her mother before tho Jeauties of tho same hill and tho outlying tnlm of the places beyond. ' Did not John Porch call, Martha ?' 'I saw him making straight for Batterton ;\y the horse paddock, nnd I had no one to Cend after him. Why did he not come in T' 'He came out to tell mo a story, and to Blow me the possibility of there occurring in my lifo, as tliero occurred in his, somo great Borrow.' When she saw tho look in her fathers eyes, and when ho camo over and smoothed her hair with a tenderness that in a strong un amotional man like him was almost pathetic, she know that Porch had carried his question ings from her to her father ; and she hastily ro voalcd tho fact that Sybil had leaped tho fence, lind was found rolling in the mud at the river tend. Her father watched tho coming and going of tho fluBh on her face. He thought he remem Wedthe same expression in the patient eyes of her mother, and even in her smile there was tho sensitive tremor that a look could break to tears. That night Mr. Bath sat down and wrote a letter, which when finished ho read, much to his own satisfaction. It was as follows : — ' GEonaB Gray, Esq.,— 'Dear Sir,— I find that the stato of my daughter's health will require me to call upon you sooner than I anticipated to take charge of the Glen. Low spirits and melancholy, arising from what I cannot say, have so com pletely possessed Martha of late that the ad visability of a change of scene and travel has presented itself to my mind with much force. Jt ia not my intention to leave tho Glen beforo t meet my friends, as I have mot them for pears past, at tho annual ball, which, as you fmow; it is our custom to give on Christmas £ve. I 'should like yon to como up with 'your mother and sister, whom I personally invite by the enclosures which aro contained in this letter. It does not necessarily follow that you should attend the ball if you would rather not -Jo so, but it i8 necessary that I should see you {n the old Btudy on business matters on that evening. — Yours faithfully, William Bath.' The next morning Mr^ JDsth-TCds- i'3to'5st-- .-tCTtns-aiftThTuPa'private interview with Mr. Torch. Whatever it was that passed botween them, both looked brighter and better for it. Tho draper camo out twirling his BciBSors in a thoughtfully elated way, and Bath wore a look of hypocritical self-complacence and demure tunning. CnAPTER V. — TriE CimraTJiAS Ball. To say that the dance at the Glen was the principal topic of conversation during the month of December would be putting The case fnildly. I should like to describe it as an event Becoud only in importance to the decorating Df the little English church ; but this would Jjo a wantonly mendacious statement, which under no circumstances would be justifiable. It is true that Miss Bath and her companions attracted many jealous and cunning fingers to work in festooning the aisles, and placing re ligious symbols on the walls ; but this labor tnight bo described as but the compliment of the neat work that had been finished over amongthe shadows of the cool glen. Hero tho upholsterers and the caterers were not Bonght out and agreed with at bo much per Lead o£ the respective guests, or so much in gldbo for the assembly, be it large or small, fyiftt they might exhibit their artistic tastes in the matter of refreshments and decoration. Groups of young people drove over in the after noons to sweep, and to decorate and prepare generally, and tho conveyances carried such loads of gladness that it was a blessing to boo and to hear them. At times when a laughing party drove pa3t, John Porch caught a ring in Some of the voices, or in a cadence of tho laughter, that reminded him of the hedge towed lane, and the scent of flowers away in the English village long ago, and his fresh ' old peart, unstained and unspotted by all tho moil 6f the world he had gone through, and un bonded by the shadows it had known, wished them god-speed and all tho joy and happiness Of the ChriBtmas time. The Tibbses, of the poet office, undertook to make the tissue paper {amps in great variety of designs. The Smiths £nd the Waterses and the Hodges gathered tho flowers and heaths, both wild and tame. There was a contingent in charge of tho barn ; Snd there was a troop in possession of the louse ; and there was a company cleaning tho garden, and there was such laughter and such flattering of dresses below the boughs, and across the sun, and into the shado and back Again, that it became a wonder so grent was the happiness gathered thore. In it all were inch merry eyes, and such happy and winning laces. So mnch enthusiasm of aid was given, fo many willing hands to join, such flushes of hcaitifion as the work went on, such trium phant contemplation, and so many to admire end praise ; and around it all tho great glad ?Jays showering their blessings over them, and ?bhigUng- their, smiles with theirs that It came to seem as if sin and un Kappmem and Borrow must have been carried nnff by the olonds to be discharged in the silence of desolate wilds afar and beyond. Martha gave way to it all ; it was so irreaiot jjMei. ? Toeae afternoons of preparation were pneawltogholHayfolanticrpation ; and 16 to a question to me whether in their innocent finery, with flowers in their bonny hair, and eyes that they knew and dreamed of above them while moving to the sound of music, they wero not as happy as when fixing the garlamlB. Batterton turned out on that Christmas eve, showing so much gaiety of anticipation, and so much gaiety of dress that it was scarco to bo credited. It might bo nsscrtcd without fear of contradiction that thero was not a chest of drawers in the township that was not fumbled and left open, and that if the hairpins doing duty nn that memorable occasion wero in un wonted numbers, they held up many shining locks that wero a crown and a charm. Tho edgings, and tullo and laces told off for duty were as bewildering in their variety as wero the faces and the dresses bearing tho qreat beauty of simplicity. Joy bubbled up so naturally ; tho voices were so pleasant, nnd everyone and everything so full of buoyancy nnd exultation, that pleasure 'only hold sway. Out in the old garden there woro globes of pink and blue and red throwing their steady and subdued tintings on the leaves, and catch ing tho faces of tho flowers with now colorings. Tho soft shades spotted tho paths, and strug gled among tho foliage in-all directions. There were lamps in every nook, and as many ex pressions in the tones below them as in the colors which they cast. The music of the Batterton amateurs came out softly from the barn, and in through the wide door was a pic turo of light nnd ceaseless movement — whirl- ing figures, flushed faces, bright hair, brighter eyes. There was a soft hum that was lower than the music, and thero was tho melody of voices that was moro musical by far. It was a feature of tho night, and vory much to its credit, that there wero few solitary figures moping among tho walks. Wherever there was movement there was the babblo of voices, I attuned by the touch to which there is tho ' one responsive symphony. And yet to all this there was an exception, in the shapo of a figure that loaned in tho shade one of the [ reverent trees gave. Up from it was to be ! seen the old barn never before covering so 1 much life and happiness, and puzzles of inter twining dances. The light flowed away over tho threshold to the Bilent trunk of the tree, anil lay npon its branches, and it found its way to a sorrowful face look ing past it, and rested on the intent look of the eyes never quitting or turning from the con templation till a white figure sailed near it as coming from tho night to the inviting life and -Jightwhere tho 'coming' Christmas- waa-* being I welcomeiTaS-it-Kide towards them upon the ; hours, For the first time Gray turned from tho shade, and came beside tho white drapery as cloud-like it passed from tho moonlight to shadow, ' You promised to come out to me before this Liza ; but how could you be expected to think of my impatience and unhappiness amongst the pleasure and the happiness that are up there. How IB Martha ? Is her illness as described ? They told me she was beginning to droop ; do yon think it is so 5' He paused as the girl remained Bilent. ' I see,' he re sumed, in an altered tone, ' that you havo no good news for me. Listen, Eliza. I would like to see her again. You need not start, I mean without her seeing mo. I know she does not care for me, and thinks of me only as a menial, ! and if we met in the ordinary way the trial : would be mino, not hers. You ought to know that. Come, you havo been very kind to me since I went back to you from tho Glen, and you will do thiB kindness for mo now. I want to see her face as I used to Bee it.' You remember how I have de Bcribed it to you as it used to look ? in the hillside; that i'b the face I want to look ? at again, He put his arm gently round her : | ' Come, my Bistor, you will manage this ? Got i her into the study while I steal up among tho | branches and look through the woodbine at ! the window, and you will keep her thero as 1 long as you can?' She made a movement to 1 le'avo him. 'Promise me this; you will then I enjoy your dance all the more, and beforo you I go, just one turn round the walks to tell me in your own way what she says, and how she looks/1 They walked slowly away arm in arm, ' Come, go on, I am impatient; silence is not one of your virtues.' She took her hand from his arm, knowing that it trembled, and mado answer; ' If I am not bo strong as I have been I have but myBelf to thanlc ? If I have suffered for a reckless freak and a bitter humiliation I have deserved it ? If I have exhibited my pride and power only to find how weak and powerless I was I trust the lesson will not be lost, and to prove my repentance for tho insult I havo of fered to you in the presence of others by voico and gesture and bearing, I am here to-night, Mr. Gray, to admit my fault, and to crave your pardon for what, on my part, cannot be de fended. I know what the bitterness of repen tance meanB, and I beg of you to believe I havo felt it.' Gray had stood in stupefied amazement at the sound of Martha's voico as it reached him in the shadow. He could see how liko was her figure and bearing to his sister, but tho voice he bo well knew held him silent in a tumult of feeling. 'Miss Bath — Martha, as I used to call yon — -' She Interrupted, 'I havo not finished, Mr, Gray, You haye now left tho Glen, and — and yon aro, about to choose your own course in the world. M!ay I Bay that tho best wishes of Martha Bath will go with yon ? Oh, be as sured of that^ and that tho ploasantOBt memo ries of lier life will bo tho time3 passed up yonder on tho tranquil hill side.' ' If they were tho happiest times of your lifo, how much more tho happiest of mine ; | once I loft tho Glen they lightened my dreams at night. Tho changing clays, whether bright or clouded, carried with them to mo al ways the hope that I should Bee you beside mo, and hear your voico among tho leaves or from their shade. You aro going to leave the Glen I M — Miss Bath— to travel, You will Bee mitny in every way moro worthy of yon than I could pretend to bo, but none of them all will carry for yon n deeper or an honester love, 'Jfliis 13 tho first time I havo dared to use that word to you, and it would not havo passed my lips now. if I could not honorably have spokm it. I havo fought with it, havo straggled against it till tho hopo in it left mo, and I stood alono that day when you rode away wondering in a bewildered fashion at my pre sumption and my folly. I do not say tho struggle is over. I do not say that I will not look back out of tho battle of the world and its weariness to the dreams that have sprung from our innocent meetings. How indeed could I avoid it when the pictures haunt mo as they do now ? When you are gone I shall find out what is bitterness of heart in tho sorrow of a broken hope. In the unfounded imaginings which sprang up about me liko the noiseless stealings of tho bloom of spring, I had dreamed to be with you throngh the years coming, and with the future prepared for us all by tho mercy of a loving care. Men should be strong, MiBB Gray; they are stronger to fight than thoy aro to bear. With you I should have gone into the world bravo to meet any fortune; with out you I can only contemplato tho coming of yeara that for me will bo sunless and shadow less.' Neither by voico nor motion did Martha Bath show that she had heard what Gray had spoken. A solitary littlo lamp in tho loaves cast down its color upon her hair, and partly stained with faint red tho white dress she wore. Gray may have expected Borao kind of an answer, but thero was none. In the silence came tbo flowing and ebbing of tho music, mingling with the cadences of the voices. He stepped closer to her, not knowing or perceiving that she shrank back into tho moonlight, and that her head was bowed upon her breast In his firm and manly way ho look her hand and kissed it, not noticing, be cause he was hot and trembling, that her hand trembled too. ? ?? . . 'It will be a consolation to me to know, that I have said all to you that I had in my heart to say, and that when you are away you will think of thiB Christmas ove and of one who stood just in the outer circle of the blessings it carries.' Ho held herhnnd as he spoke, keep ing the supple fingers bent ovor his, and they trembled BtiU, but they closed upon his hand She hesitated no longer, but looked up to him with tho moonlight »ud tho tears upon her face. She spoke brately, but very low, when Bhe said : ' Come within tho circle, George, to whore tho joy and tho blesaing3 are. Christmas time is the Beason to bestow and to receive happiness, Come with me.' In a moment her two handB were in his, his earnest eyes so full aud earnest now wero upon hers, and when bIio saw that they were moist, they that were so calm and brave and truth ful, she could not check a sob. ' Not for this Christmas time only, but for all the years?' ' Martha, Martha, say for all the years, 'For all the years.' The moonlight fell radiantly on them ; there was not a flicker of shide near them as they stood unclouded and happy in tho light, and thoy cast but a single shadow. 'What do you mean about ? my travelling, George?'1 'Your father sold lie was about to take you with him for change o/ scene— for your health's Bake,' Ah ! thero was great molody in the laugh thatMartha Bath, laughed. Elizabeth Porch heard it and wondered, and her matronly eyes, that had watched her from her mother's death, seemed to take pleasure and peace to them as Bhe stood below a garden lamp. It was shortly after this time that Mr. Bath and Mr. Porch camo from the study, each with a vast assump tion of nonchalance, ' Bring him, John,' whispored Mr. Poroh, in a sort of exultant undertone 'to the study, and I'll manago the rosti' Whereupon Mr, Bath winkod laboriously, and Mr. Porch nod ded in a sort of suppressed glee, ' Capital,' ho returned, feeling for a white cambric handkerchief in tho unaccustomed pocket of ono of his swallow tails that had beon 'not wanted on tho voyage I' 'Capital ; turn the key on thorn.' And Mr. Bath' and Mr. Porch laughed iu a way that would have been rude if it had not beon Christmas time. But while Mr. Poroh laughed it was quite startling to see the ohango that fell upon his face. His, eyes took a glaring expression, and his face became long and solemn ? 'What Is the matter, John? Has that pain como back to you— that— that thing at the email of your baok, you know,' 'Bather my back! Look I see! there at tho end, now under the holly, over past the or chestra. Do youBoo it ?' ' See what ?' inquired Bath, impatiently. 'Yes, that is it, sure enough. A man, sir,' he said, turning to Bath, ' who in tho first place is not dressed for tho hall, and who in tho second place is dressed in tho clothes (oxeel. lent material thoy aro too) that Mr. George Gray left so long hangingup In my store room,' ' -'Why,' whispered Both, quite indistlnot from excitement, ' it is George and Martha dancing, Our plan, my friend, has been antioi pated.' ' John, my dear old friend, look at their happy faces,' Tho oyes of tho two old mon wero dimmer when again Martha Bath laughed in a silver rinjjing way that was so pleasant to hear, and Baid, ' When aro wo going to travel, father?' Whereas fnrmor ami draper woro confused of face, and felt overtaken in their conspiracy. Said John Porch, aside, ' I suppose to Sydney nnd bnck will be far enough — for tho honey moon.' Said John Porch, right out, ' You havo won tho bracelet and tho necklace nnd tho white silk or tho primrose, whichever you please, and they shall bo worn on your wedding morn ing.' But tho waltz had struck up, and they wero away amongst tho rest of tho happiness aud tho hopes. Said John Porch again, sturdily, looking at Bath's face, ' I moant it, William, tho brace let and the white silk or the primrose, which ever she pleases for tho wedding morning.' [tee end,] 