QUITE TRUE. A NOVEL, BY DORA RUSSELL. Author of ' Beneath the Wave,' 'Footprints in the Snow, ' The Vicar's Governess," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All Rights Reserved.] PART I. Chapter III.— The Garstons. Our cousin, Sir Graham Garston, re- mained for the next few days at Hadley Hall, and Edward also remained. Sir Graham frowned when he heard that Edward intended to stay, but he felt, and I felt also, that we could say nothing against it. Edward told me he was going to remain, in his usual cool way. 'I say, Peggy,' he said, see about getting my old room put right for me, that's a good girl. I mean, of course, to stay on here at present till things are all settled. I believe myself that the old boy destroyed this precious will that that idiot Chapman is making such a fuss about.' ' Did you hear the contents of the will, Edward ?' I asked gravely. ' Oh ! didn't I ? I was left a beggar, and you girls enriched at my expense. But I suppose the governor repented such an act of injustice when he felt himself coming to his latter end, and most likely threw the will behind the fire.' ' It was not like him to do so,' I said. ' Oh, I don't expect you to be delighted,' said Edward, with a curling lip. ' Your fraternal affection, of course, is great, but the avarice of the human heart is greater. You naturally would like to have been heiress of Hadley, and run after and made love to by all the scamps who want a wife with a fortune— perhaps by our dignified cousin Sir Graham himself ! My dear, I'm not surprised at your disappointment — I quite expect you and Rosie to hate me — and I am resigned !' And he shrugged his shoulders. I did not make any answer. I looked at him, I remember, for a moment or two, and thought of the bright promise of his youth. For he was clever — a useless, aimless sort of cleverness, for he lacked the steady in- dustry which those who do anything, or make any name, must possess. He was too self-indulgent to have this. He thought often of the great things he would do, but he never did them. 'So my beloved sister Margaret,' he continued, ' expectant heir of Hadley, will you kindly look after my earthly comforts, and see that my bed is aired, and my room swept and garnished ?' 'But Edward,' I answered, and I cast down my eyes, 'your old room is entirely dismantled. It was done so, and the door locked two years ago by papa's orders, and it has never been reopened.' ' Poor room !' said Edward, with a scorn- ful laugh. ' No doubt it's haunted by the ghost of my good character, which departed this life two years ago ! You little goose, why do you bring up that old story now, and cast it in my face ?' he went on with a darkening countenance. 'Don't you see you've tried and lost ? Not a word did either of you two girls — my dearly beloved sisters — say for me ail this time to the old man, though you must have seen he was dying fast! No, you meant to supplant me. I, the rightful heir of Hadley, was to be thrown aside, and you — a chit, a girl, like you or Rosie to get it ! But you see right wins in this case.' And once more he shrugged his shoulders. I felt very angry. ' I do not want to quarrel with you,' I said, ' on the day that our father has been carried away ; but this I will say, I did not want to supplant you, and I knew nothing of the contents of my father's will until Mr. Chapman told me to-day. It's true I never spoke of you, for we were forbidden to speak of you. Hester Wray tried thrice, and he would not listen to your name !' ' Much obliged to Miss Hester all the same !' said Edward, with a little laugh. ' She isn't a bad sort of girl that, though she's rather too gushing and impulsive for my taste, and then she has an unpardonable fault in a woman.' 'What is that?' I asked. ' She's ugly,' said Edward ; ' not down- right ugly, perhaps, but she's no beauty, at any rate. There's that little vixen, Rosie, with her skin of lilies and roses, could get anything she wanted from a man. But this poor lass! Ah well, it's a pity. You can't all be beauties, but it is a great gift. Beauty to a woman is what fortune and cleverness is to a man — in fact, it's everything.' ' Not; quite, Edward,' I answered. 'I agree with you it's a great gift, for it wins love so easily, and love is sweet to all— but it is not everything, Beauty wins love, but it cannot retain it.' ' Oh! You rather go in for the virtuous, I know, Miss Peggy. But, my dear, you needn't. You are not so handsome as that little devil Rosie, but you are far from ugly. You are good-looking— a pretty girl almost, in fact— and need not despair of getting a rich husband without the aid of Hadley to back your charms!' 'I wish you would not talk thus, Edward, if you are going to stay do try and keep peace with us. Graham Garston is going to stay also for the next few days.' 'Who on earth asked him?' said Edward, angrily. ' He offered to stay,' I said. He is our nearest male relation— ' ' Putting out of the question your dearly beloved brother Edward,' sneered Edward. 'He is older than you, Edward.' 'Precisely. He is going to remain, I suppose, to see whether you are heiress of Hadley or not — to look after your interests and his own, eh ?' ' I will not answer you. But one thing I do entreat of you, which is to remember that he is our guest, and that this is the day of our dear father's funeral.' ' Don't be afraid of me. Why should I quarrel with our beloved cousin ? He has done me no harm. You and Rosie, I con- sider, tried to injure me. But let that pass. Get a room ready for me, at all events, Peggy ; you need not mind about the ghost chamber of my departed character, but some sort of room I will have, for here I mean to remain.' So he settled it. I was forced to see about his room, and give orders for Graham Garston's to be prepared also. I was forced, also, to appear at dinner on this sad day, for I was afraid to leave Edward to dine with our cousin alone. I begged Rosie to come down, but she would not. She was too angry wite Edward, indeed, to meet him peaceably, and was in a terrible state about the missing will. ' Edward has stolen it !' she cried, when I told her it could not be found. ' You will see, Margaret, he has got into the house somehow, and stolen the will.' 'But how could he, my dear?' I an- swered. 'Hester gave me papa's keys at once, and the iron safe had evidently never been tampered with; and, besides, dear papa wrote to Mr. Chapman about making a new will. No ; if mamma knows nothing of it I shall believe, that papa destroyed it, and then — then— was suddenly struck down — before —— ' ' Don't cry, Margaret,' said Rosie affec- tionately. 'It's awfully sad— and seems hard, and all that sort of thing, talking of money on the very day dear papa has been buried. But think what our position will be if this selfish, unamiable brother of ours comes here to be master? I for one won't stay in the house !' "We will settle about all this, after- wards, Rosie, For the present, dear, do not please quarrel with Edward.' 'I can't help, it,' said Rosie, frankly. ' He's such a horrid sneer always on his face, and he says such aggravating things. What is Graham Garston like ?' ' A tall, dark man, with a heavy mous- tache, and a kind face,' I answered. 'I wish you would come down, Rosie, and talk to him.' 'Not to-day,' said Rosie, and she went to the glass and looked at herself. 'I'm looking too frightful to-day to let any stranger see me for the first time. No, I will see him to-morrow.' She would not go down. So Graham Garston and Edward and myself dined together. Luckily, I could talk about my aunt — Graham's mother, and about Glen- varlock, where they lived, for I had been there a year ago, and these were safe sub- jects. Graham also was a man whom it would have been difficult to quarrel with, if he wished to keep peace. He was a man of the world, a major in a cavalry regiment which was then out in India, and he laughed a little scornfully when I hinted to him, when we were a moment alone together before dinner, that I hoped he would not quarrel with Edward. 'My dear Margaret,' he said, "do not be afraid. Do you think a young fellow like that could aggravate me to say a word I did not intend to say ?' I found, indeed, that Edward could not make Graham angry. But Graham's calm smiling superiority made Edward very angry. ' You army men think you can ride over every one else, don't you ?' sneered Edward, after he had had a glass or two of wine, which always made him very ill-tempered. ' We cavalry men ought to be able to ride over our enemies at least,' answered Graham, with a good-natured little laugh. 'You aren't always, though!' said Edward. 'No, we aren't,' said Graham, 'but we can but try, you know, Edward ;' and so Edward found it impossible to quarrel with him. It was the same on all other subjects. Edward began about the missing will. ' Of course you think it's been stolen ?' he said. ' Indeed I do not,' replied Graham. 'Perhaps you will defend its injustice ?' sneered Edward. ' I know nothing of its justice or injus- tice,' said Graham, calmly. 'Margaret, did you see the Seatons when you were at Glenvarlock ? They say Katherine Seaton is to marry George Gordon. She is a beautiful girl, but it is a great marriage for her — he is the eldest son, you know.' In this way Graham turned the conversa- tion all dinner time, whenever Edward tried to be disagreeable. When he was agreeable — and he could be — Graham an- swered him and conversed with him very pleasantly, but he would be drawn into no argument. ' I have seen bad-tempered, quarrelsome, young men before, you see, Margaret,' he said smilingly, when we went up to the drawing-room together and Edward retired to smoke. ' I never waste time upon them, but agree with them on every possible sub- ject. It's worth while arguing with a clever man or a woman, perhaps, for there's some pleasure to be got out of it then. But what possible amusement, pleasure, or edification could arise from an argument with a person you despise ? You do not care to convince him, and he will never convince you.' "Poor Edward," I said. 'It is very sad.' "Yes, it is sad,' answered Graham Gar- ston, 'for he has thrown away his good gifts. A man who is born a fool is only to be pitied ; a man who is not born a fool, but who acts like one, we must condemn.' I was examining my cousin's face as he said this. He was not handsome. His features were too strong, too harsh almost for beauty, and he was very dark. Yet he was striking looking — he was so tall, and his heavy moustache hid some of the de- fects of his face. Yes, altogether I thought him good-looking even then, and he had a clear, ringing, sympathising voice. You felt somehow that he followed your mind and your thoughts, as if instinctively, and understood what you felt as well as what you said. "And Rosie,' he asked presently! ' your younger sister, what is she like ?' "You will see to-morrow," I answered, "She is considered very handsome.' ' So my mother told me. It seems so strange never to have seen you since you were little girls. But I've been nine years abroad.' ' And you like the life ?' I asked. 'Every life has its advantages and dis- advantages,' said Graham, smiling. 'Fifteen years ago I was an enthusiastic young soldier. Now I am not enthusiastic about anything, but on the whole I like it fairly well,' "And you do not think of leaving the army?" 'No. If I lived altogether at Glenvar- lock my mother would not really like it, though she likes to have me there oc- casionally. She is ruler now, you see,' and again Graham smiled; 'if I lived there I might want my own way too. "And Athole,' I asked, "how is he ?' 'Oh! Athole is the beauty-man, the lady- killer of the family !' laughed Graham. "He is really a handsome fellow though,' he added, 'and a good fellow as well.' ' And he is in the army too ?' 'Yes, he's a gunner. He passed a splendid examination, and might have gone into the Engineers, but he chose the Artillery. But he's a dangerous young man. Take care of your heart, Margaret, if you go to Glenvarlock, for I assure you Athole has wonderfully winning ways.' I smiled and shook my head. 'I have not given you all the messages yet that my mother made me the bearer of,' continued Graham. 'But I must confess I have forgotten the half of them ! How- ever, one was to invite you and my aunt to Glenvarlock. I was to say — but you know, of course, what I was to say— but you were to fix your own time — and my mother hoped I would be at home when you came. So you see, Margaret, I have an interest in the time of your visit.' 'It will depend upon many things, now,' I answered. ' What if dear papa's will is never found ? Then we shall be homeless, for Rosie says she will never live with Edward, and I do not think that I would care to do so.' 'You could not,' said Graham. 'Margaret —your brother — this young man is no fit companion for you ! He has been living a degraded life— the taint clings to every word he says. I have seen too much of the world not to know this, and if he comes here as the owner of the Hall, you and your mother and sister must leave it.' Chapter IV. — Not Found. The next morning Rosie came down to breakfast. She looked very fair in her deep mourning, and I saw Graham Garston's eyes rest admiringly on her face. "How good of you to stay,' she said to him. And she smiled and talked to him very prettily all breakfast time. That was her way. It was her nature to try to win admiration and love from every one, I think. She used to try to fascinate women just the same, and she generally succeeded. Yet she was not really a very loving girl. She was clever, and did not trust others, though she liked to be trusted. ' I don't believe in any one over-much,' she would say. ' My dear, we are all story-tellers, all jealous, all spiteful ! We try not to be so sometimes, and we pretend not to be so always, because we naturally like to be considered amiable ; but for all that, none of us really are !' It was strange to hear a young girl talk like this, was it not? But it was only in private that she did so. ' In public I always put on my best manners,' she said of herself, "at the same time I put on my dresses. I air my bad tempers and my old dresses at home.' But no one could have believed that the girl who said this was the girl who was talking to Graham Garston. Rosie was trying (perhaps unconsciously) to facinate him, and she looked so fair and sweet and young as she did so, that he naturally believed in her. But he was a shrewd man. Presently I saw a smile steal round the corners of his rather roughly cut mouth at something Rosie said. ' You have seen Edward ?' she asked. ' Yes,' answered Graham, with a little nod. 'And — do you think — do you suspect anything — that any one has abstracted the will from the iron safe ?' It was then that Graham smiled. ' You do, then, I suppose,' he said. 'Yes,' answered Rosie, more frankly, 'I do. I believe some one has stolen it.' ' But no one had any motive for stealing it but your brother,' said Graham. " Exactly,' said Rosie, 'and if you will have it, I believe he has stolen it !' 'It's a grave charge,' said Graham. "But let us hope still,' he added, ' that it may not be lost. Your mother may know where it is.' But during the day, when dear mamma was a little better, I asked her the ques- tion. I dared not have done this without Dr. Chapman's leave, but he gave it to me. His brother, he said, was so anxious about the will that he had urged him to give this permission, and as we were all naturally so anxious, I ventured. 'Mamma,' I said, "do you know any- thing of dear papa's will ?' Mamma put her wan hand to her head, and for a moment scarcely seemed to under- stand me. Then she said quite quietly— ' Yes, dear Margaret ; it is in the iron safe in his room. He told me it was there.' Alas, we knew it was not there ! So this hope was at an end, and our dear mother knew nothing. When I told Graham and Rosie this, Graham at once went to Normanbury to call upon Mr. Chapman. Mr. Chapman returned with, Graham to Hadley the same afternoon, and by their wish a complete and thorough search was made all over the house for the missing will. They also requested to see Hester Wray I went to seek Hester to tell her this. She was sitting working in the breakfast room when I went in, and as the door opened she looked up suddenly and expec- tantly. 'Oh, it's you, Miss Margaret ?'; she said, rising. 'Yes, Hester. I want you to see Mr. Chapman and Sir Graham about papa's keys. You have heard the will is lost?' 'Yes, Miss Margaret,' said Hester, slowly. 'And you gave me the keys— don't you remember ? Just— just after dear papa was carried in? I remember you saying, 'There are the Squire's keys, Miss Mar- garet; take care of them.' You recollect this, don't you?' 'Yes, I remember,' answered Hester, "I took the keys out of his pocket — and I brought them to you.' "And no one else had them in their hands?' I asked. "No one else. I took them out of his pocket, and had them in my own hand till I gave them to you,' said Hester. "hen come with me, Hester, and tell Mr. Chapman this,' I said. ' They would like to hear it from your own lips.' ' Is it necessary ?' said Hester. 'Yes, it is better — come with me,' I answered, and Hester followed me out of the room, and went with me to Sir Graham and Mr. Chapman. ' Well, Miss Wray," said Mr. Chapman, taking her hand, 'this is a sad business. Your old friend's will is lost, and if it cannot be recovered I fear one who is very unworthy will inherit almost everything.' "Not everything, surely, sir ?' said Hester, quickly. ' I thought the law made a will — a just will — when none was left ? I thought the money would be divided.' ' So the money will,' said Mr. Chapman, 'but unfortunately there is very little money to divide. Nearly all Mr. Selby's property was landed property, and this goes by law, in case of no will being found, to the male heir.' Hester did not speak. She bit her lips, and looked as if she were: thinking. "Have you ever heard the late Mr. Selby say his will was in the iron safe, Miss Wray ?' asked Sir Graham at this moment, looking steadily at Hester. 'Yes, sir, I have,' she answered. 'I have heard him say so more than once.' ' And did you know,' continued Graham, 'that your name occurs in the missing will?' ' The Squire told me, sir,' said Hester turning very red, ' that he had provided for me in his will. He said I was his god- daughter — but — but it's no matter about me.' 'I have thorough unsigned draught of the will here,' said Mr. Chapman. ' In it I find this clause — "To Hester Wray, my kind young god-daughter, I leave the sum of two thousand pounds, payable out of '— and so on.' ' It was very good of him,' said Hester ; and suddenly, quite suddenly, she burst into tears. 'Nay my dear,' said Mr. Chapman kindly, ' do not let this distress you. It shows the high estimation in which a good man held you.' But still Hester wept on — her whole form indeed being shaken by her sobs. I went up to her, and put my arms round her. 'Hush, dear,' I said. 'She is worn out,' I added, looking at Mr. Chapman, 'and has done everything for me, and has had scarcely any rest. Just tell the gentle- men, Hester dear," I continued, 'about the the keys, and how you took them from papa's pocket yourself, and held them in your own hand until you gave them to me?' 'I did,' said Hester, with a sob. ' No one else had them — no one else even saw them then ?' said Mr. Chapman. 'No, no one,' said Hester; and after this what more was there to say? The will had been placed in the iron safe, our dear father had told us all, and it was no longer there. He had written about making a new will to Mr. Chapman, fixing upon the very day on which he was laid in his grave for the lawyer to call at Hadley to make it. He had then either destroyed the old will, in the full intention of making a new one, or the will had been stolen from the iron safe during his lifetime. These were the only two con- clusions that we could arrive at under the circumstances. For my part, I began to believe that our dear father had thought- lessly destroyed the will. He had felt in better health during the last few days of his life, and how could he foresee that they were indeed his last days? This idea gradually grew to be my belief, but it never was Rosie's. She believed that Edward somehow or other had got possession of the will, and her feelings to Edward were very bitter in consequence. Graham Garston wished to dispute Edward's possession of the estates, and Mr. Chapman took legal advice — a leading counsel's advice — on the feasibility of doing this. But the weak point of the case lay in Mr. Chapman's own hands. Dear papa had written to him about making a new will. This the counsel pointed out, would, in all probability, be fatal. Besides there were other reasons to deter us from thinking of going into a law court. One was, that no apparent suspicion could be attached to anyone ; the other was, that could the theft of the will even be proved against Edward, he was our own brother, and his conviction would have made him a felon. So, a week after papa's funeral, we knew we were without fortune, and without a home. Edward, indeed, did not ask us to remain at the Hall. 'I could get on well enough,' he said, ' with you, Peggy, and the mother, but I could not stand that handsome vixen, Rosie. We would be killing each other— so, if you won't part with her, you must part with me.' We could not, of course, part with Rosie, and so our removal was decided on. Edward proposed to allow our mother two hundred a year, and about two hundred more fell to our share of the personal property after it was divided. All the land went to Edward. It was over five thousand a year that he inherited, and with sad, sad hearts, we pre- pared to leave our old home. All this, however, was of course not settled at once. I am making the details of these arrangements as brief as possible, for what interest can they have to strangers! Luckily, for us (most luckily), we con- sidered, Edward left the Hall as soon as he knew that we did not intend or attempt to stand by the missing will. He went up to London, and I breathed easier after he was gone. When he was at Hadley I was in a state of perpetual fear, for he and Rosie were on the worst possible terms. Hester Wray stayed with us as long as we were at the Hall. Once or twice I saw Edward talking to her before he went away, but only once or twice, and he always spoke of her very carelessly. 'She's a good girl enough, as women go,' he once said ; but I noticed about this time that Hester began to wear a very handsome gold locket, which I had never seen before. I did not like to ask her who had given it to her, but I fancied that Edward had, out of gratitude for her having tried to soften our father's heart towards his son. Chapter V.—Beautiful! During all these family arrangements Graham Garston proved our kindest friend. He remained at Hadley about a week after dear papa's funeral, and he offered to ad- vance us a considerable sum of money to furnish a pretty cottage, which we finally decided to take in the village of Hadley. The village itself is also picturesque and pretty. An old- fashioned country village, with a few good houses and a green in its midst, and a grey old church at one end of of it. Just such a village as there are hundreds of in England, where every one knows all about their neighbors, and where a new interest is considered a boon. When we went to the cottage two new interests had arisen in Hadley. One, of course, was our removal there, and all about papa's missing will; the other was that, a new beauty had suddenly appeared, who certainly far eclipsed every one in the neighborhood. She was the niece of Dr. Chapman's wife — a Miss Ethel Verner. Her father had held some small Government appointment in London, and she had been his only child. He had died suddenly, and Miss Verner was left portionless, and without a home. Her mother had been Mrs. Chapman's sister, and Mrs. Chapman persuaded the doctor to allow her to offer her niece a tem- porary home at Hadley. I pitied, the poor girl when I first saw her. She was a.\ complete London girl, very stylish and very beautiful; and fancy her being buried at a place like Hadley ! I saw her at church first, and I watched her large, brilliant eyes wandering about among the congregation with an air of utter weariness and disgust. Then the next day she came to the hall with Mrs. Chapman to call upon us, and I thus made her acquaintance. Graham Garston happened to be at the hall on the day she called. He was intro- duced to her, and the beauty at once brightened up when she heard his name. She talked well also, and Graham ex- pressed great admiration for her after she had left. ' She's handsome, certainly,' said Rosie, who did not like to hear Graham ad- miring her ; ' but she is bad style. Don't you think, Margaret, her style is bad ?' 'Quite right, Rosie ; don't admire her,' laughed Graham. 'One pretty girl, you know, never thinks another pretty.' 'I don't say she isn't pretty,' said Rosie, poutingly ; ' but what I do say is, that she does not look quite like a lady.' But she was beautiful — a girl whom every one turned round to look at, and who threw all other women whom she came near into the shade. Even Rosie, with her lovely complexion and her bright hair, looked almost common-place beside the pale perfect face and great liquid eyes of Ethel Verner. I did not like her— from the very first I did not like her, but to deny her beauty was folly. She was a woman in a thousand, and she knew this, and meant to make the most of her beautiful face. She tried to be great friends with us. ' You are the only people here I care to know,' she said, but Rosie was not to be beguiled by these flattering words. 'Yes, my dear,' she said, tossing back her head after Miss Verner's second visit, which occurred very soon after the first, 'I've no doubt you care to know us ! We occasionally have our cousin, Sir Graham Garston, to visit us, and we have a rich, unmarried brother. What will you bet, Margaret, that Miss Ethel Verner tries to marry, and most likely does marry, Edward, before the year is out ?' ' And not Graham ?' I said smiling. ' No — it's to be hoped Graham has better taste,' answered Rosie, smiling also. ' Graham has seen too much of the world, my dear — Graham perhaps—— ' and Rosie laughed. Rosie thought Graham admired herself, and so he did, but not as she thought. 'She is a very pretty girl,' he said to me, just about this time, ' but I'm a tough old soldier, and have seen many pretty girls. 'I wonder,' and he looked at me smilingly, 'if Rosie would be surprised to hear that I admire my cousin Margaret most?' I was very pleased with this speech, and, I think, very proud of it, for all women love praise. Graham was such a superior man also, and I liked him very much. He had been so kind to us, too — so thoughtful and tender to dear mamma — and he had helped us m all our troubles. He had been twice to the Hall to see us before we re- moved to the village, and soon after we got there he came again. 'I hope you will marry him, Miss Mar- garet,' whispered Hester Wray, as she kissed me before we parted. She returned to her father's farm when we left the Hall, and I felt very sorry to lose her. ' What nonsense !' I answered to this parting speech, but in my heart I did not think it was nonsense. I had began to think that Graham Garston liked me well, and I think dear mamma thought so also. Edward returned to the Hall very shortly after we left it. He came down to the village to see us the evening after his arrival at Hadley, and he was looking very ill. He was stouter, and had a dissipated, disreputable look, and confessed he had been having 'too jolly a time of it in town,' and that he had come down to the country for rest and change. Dr. Chapman's house — a large stone one —was just opposite to our cottage in the village, and Edward had not been with us half an hour when we saw our little gate in front open, and a white-robed figure coming up the narrow garden walk between our stocks and asters. ' I thought so,' said Rosie, who was sit- ting near the window, looking round and shrugging her shoulders. 'Edward, here is the beauty of the village coming at once to call upon you.' 'Oh! hang her !' said Edward, and he rose for the purpose of trying to escape from the room before bur visitor entered. But the front door opened into the nar- row passage, and already Miss Verner was in the passage, and thus Edward's means of retreat were cut off. The next minute she entered the room, and in her graceful way went up to our mother who was lying on a couch. 'My aunt sent me to ask how you are to-night, Mrs. Selby,' she said, and then she turned round and looked at Edward. Edward was standing looking at her. I saw his expression as she turned her beautiful face to him, and I knew he ad- mired her. ' I have never seen a woman like her,' he said, alter she was gone. ' She is beautiful—absolutely beautiful !' But she did not go for a long time. She sat there in her white dress, looking very lovely and charming. She was trying to charm Edward. She scarcely, indeed, spoke to us girls after the first. But she spoke to Edward, and looked at Edward, and con- fessed to him how dull and weary she had found Hadley. ' My aunt is a very good woman, I dare say,' she said, smiling, ' but good women are often so tiresome. I hope, Mr. Selby, you are not a very perfect person, for I detest them!' Edward's face darkened for a moment. 'If you believe all they will tell you here, Miss Verner, about me, you will dis- cover I'm considered a very black sheep indeed,' he said. 'Among the innocent little country lambs!' said, Miss Verner, with an airy shrug of her pretty shoulders. 'I won't believe the lambs, Mr. Selby ! I prefer the black sheep.' That was her style of conversation. But she seemed absolutely to fascinate Edward. He escorted her across to Dr. Chapman's house when she went away, and he raved of her when he came back to us. ' That is beauty !' he said, and he began walking restlessly up and down our little sitting-room. 'A man might sacrifice everything— yes, almost everything — for a lovely woman like that. I'm almost sorry I've seen her,' he added, ' and yet what folly ? Why should I not see her and admire her, too?' He did see her very soon again. The next morning I saw them crossing the village together. Edward was going to post a letter, I think — but it did not matter. She intended to see him, and she did see him. 'She intends to marry him, and she will marry him/," said Rosie, when I told her that I had seen Edward again with Miss Verner. ' Well, what matter is it ? He is sure to marry some one of that sort, and she may as well have him as another !' And Rosie laughed a little scornfully. 'I do not like her much,' I said. "Nor I,' answered Rosie, ' but I would be sorry for a girl that I did like, if she were going to marry Edward ! She will will make him rue the day he ever saw her, or I'm much mistaken, and it will serve him right !' In the afternoon Hester Wray came over from the farm to see us, and Rosie at once began on the same subject to her. ' Our beloved brother Edward has fallen in love, Hester,' she said. 'What do you think of that piece of news ?' 'What do you mean?' asked Hester, and her face and very throat turned scarlet. 'He met the beauty, Ethel Verner, here last night,' answered Rosie contemptuously, 'and he raved about her for hours after she was gone ! And this morning Mar- garet saw him walking about the village with her. And she means to marry him. I'm not quite a fool, and can see through all her pretty ways !' I looked at Hester as Rosie said this, and there passed over the girl's face at that moment a change that was pitiable to be- hold. Hester grew pale, almost grey, and a spasm of pain contracted her face. Then she rose up and spoke with sudden passion in her voice and manner. 'She may mean to marry him!' she said, ' but she will not marry him. ' What- ever he is, he shall never do that !' (To be continued.) 