EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various jour- nals to hand:— A MAN, named Michael Foley, poisoned himself at Coonabarabran, last week, by taking three drachms of carbolic acid. The wheat crop at Braidwood this year is very heavy; many paddocks will go 40 bushels to the acre. Locusts are very troublesome in Ade- laide; they are destroying all the lawns. Telegram from Casino, in "Herald":— A very violent storm broke over Casino yesternight, doing considerable damage. Five telegraph poles in the town were up- rooted. The lines were blown down in all directions. Galvanised roofing was uplifted from several houses, and chim- neys displaced. The force of the wind was terrific. Barker-street was for a while flooded. Hailstones broke a num- ber of windows. The old post and tele- graph office leaked badly, and the post- master had some difficulty in preserving the letters and instruments. The young maize was beaten down from the effect of the storm, but will recover itself. The following appears in the "Herald," which we thoroughly endorse:—If the question were raised whether such ex- hibitions as that called the "Ladies' Pe- destrian Tournament'' should be tolerated by the law, some very strong reasons might be urged on the negative side. But when it is asked whether such pro- ceedings should be conducted under the direct sanction and encouragement of the civic authorities, there is no room for two opinions to be held. We can only as- sume that the City Council let the Ex- hibition Building to the promoters of the affair inconsiderately. The nature of the spectacle presented on Saturday could not have been foreseen. But now that the efforts of this want of foresight, or want of thought have been set before the public, and have produced a general feeling of disgust, a repetition of the of- fence will surely be impossible, so far as the Mayor and Aldermen are concerned. When the contest was first talked about, there were some apprehensions as to pos- sibly violations of decency, and it seems that the authorities took the precaution of supervising the conditions as to dress. But may it not be suggested that in a broader sense the proceedings were in- decent from their very origin? It was not a question of dress or undress. The idea of inciting a number of women to unsex themselves by engaging in trials of physical endurance and strength which are not elevating, even when they are carried out by men, is in itself repug- nant to the sense of fitness and propriety. As it appears to us, these endurance races amongst women are about on a level with prize-fights amongst men. It is brutalis- ing to see a couple of men battering each other's faces until almost the semblance of humanity is lost. And it must also be brutalising to see women engaged in this unwomanly work, for the amusement of a crowd of unmanly men. The descrip- tions of the last stages of similar contests amongst men are sickening in the ex- treme, and without particularising the offensive details, it is self-evident that the sight must be more pitiable where women are concerned. It would be well if such exhibitions were disallowed. Cer- tainly, they ought not to be encouraged or facilitated by public authority. Thunderstorms were pretty general throughout the colony last week. The "E. News" says:—The Executive Council met again to-day, and after ap- parently the most anxious consideration, came to a decision as to the fate of the four bushrangers, Scott, Rogan, Williams, and Bennett, condemned to death for be- ing concerned in the murder of Constable Bowen. The decision is that Scott and Rogan are left for execution, and that Williams and Bennett, on account of their youth, that it was their first crime, that there are grounds for believing they were inveigled into a criminal course, and also their previous good character, as far anything is known of them, are to be imprisoned for life, the first three years in irons. The date of the execution is fixed for the 20th of January. It is stated now that Rogan's real name is Baker. The decision of the Executive in his case has created great surprise.— The condemned criminal, Scott, has written a letter to Mr. R. B. Smith, M.P., thanking that gentleman for the efforts he made in connection with the defence of the other prisoners, and we have to acknowledge the courtesy of Mr. Smith in acceding to our request that the letter might be published. The letter is written in a clear, bold, businesslike hand, correctly punctuated, and, as will be seen, well worded. Scott, it may be mentioned, was at one time head master of a collegiate school in New Zealand. His letter is as follows:—Prisoner's Let- ter—passed by permission. J. C. Read, Bl. Gaoler. Darlinghurst Gaol, De- cember 17, 1879. From prisoner Ad- drew G. Scott alias Moonlight (con- demned). R. B. Smith, Esq., M.P. Sir—Although my time is very limited, I have very great pleasure in writing you this. In fact, I could not pass away without thanking you for your very able and earnest efforts on behalf of my young friends, and I heartily thank you for your kindness to myself. We all rest satisfied that had we unlimited wealth from which to have paid you, that your efforts could not have been increased. I can assure you that your promise to be- friend the poor boys has been, and will be, a great comfort to me. I know what they will have to contend with, and rest sure you will keep your word, and faith- fully perform your promise, for which I now most earnestly thank you. I hope that their lives are not in danger. I will con- clude by assuring you that every word I spoke from the dock is true. Believe me to be, sir, yours very respectfully and gratefully, A. G. Scott. The "Bathurst Free Press" says:—No less than three deaths by drowning have occurred within the past week in this dis- trict, young persons in each case being the victims. There was a slight rain in Sydney on Christmas day. A new crime has cropped up in the Burrowa district. The 'News' says:— "Lately, a large number of sheep have been most mysteriously and feloniously shorn about here. About ten days ago the police received information that 74 sheep had been stolen from a settler named Mrs. Corcoran, near Burrowa. On searching a suspected place, the po- lice found a newly shorn-lamb hidden under a cask, and about seventy shorn sheep blocked in a paddock, but no wool. On Wednesday morning, at half-past 3, Senior Sergeant Hitch and Constable Chapple found a pack of wool off about thirty-five sheep hidden in a paddock at an equal distance from the residence of the suspected people. Both were ar- rested." An old woman named Mary McGuire threw herself from the train near Be- thungra, Wagga, recently, and had both her arms broken. Mr. Passlow, of Adelong (says the "Times"), received a telegram informing him of a most appalling accident which befell his father-in-law, Mr. Wm. Smith, of Big Ben, on Monday, about 10 a.m. The following particulars were gathered from him. It appears that the old man, who is between 60 and 70 years of age, was feeding a chaff-cutter driven by horse power, and, being of a very nervous tem- perament, by some unguarded motion his right hand was drawn into the cutter, where the knives literally chopped it off piecemeal, and a portion of the arm about five inches above the wrist. His right arm to the elbow was under the rollers when the machine was stopped, and they were lifted in order to extricate the limb. The flesh, tendons, and sinews were found dreadfully compressed and lacerated. The "Forbes Times" contains the fol- lowing:—"A gentleman who came from the Lower Lachlan by coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst the passen- gers was a young man, 22 years of age, who was constantly making use of the most blasphemous language, very much to the annoyance of his fellow passengers. Upon being reproved and questioned as to why he made use of such terms so irrever- ently, he seemed much surprised, and ul- timately admitted that he only knew the words 'God,' 'Jesus Christ,' and 'Holy Ghost,' as terms too commonly used in profane swearing. He did not know who made him, had not the remotest idea of a Supreme Being, and in fact evinced the darkest ignorance of all such matters." The "Toowoomba Chronicle" says:— On Thursday afternoon a very narrow escape from fatal results from snake bite occurred to the wife of Mr. P. Ryley, Creek-street, Drayton. It appears that she had gone to a haystack to give some fodder to the cattle, when she must have trodden on a snake, which turned and bit her. Mrs. Ryley, who is about 60 years of age, rapidly showed symp- toms of the poison, and lost total con- trol of her limbs. Dr. W. Howlin was sent for, and was soon in attendance, the patient suffering severely until nearly 12 o'clock at night, when under his treat- ment she rallied, and we are glad to learn is now recovering. Also:—In nearly every issue of this journal lately we have had to record some serious accident, and it is to-day again our painful duty to do so. It ap- pears a young man named Fred Warner, aged 24 years, son of Mr. John Warner, a very old resident of Gowrie Road, liv- ing on Green Wattle Gully, was attend- ing a threshing machine on Thursday afternoon at a neighbour's farm, when by some means—possibly bending over too much near the machinery—his clothes were caught, and the body drawn into the cogs of the machinery, tearing the clothes and lacerating the lower portions of the body to such an extent as to leave little hopes of his life. Arrangements were hurriedly made for the poor fellow to be removed to the hospital on a stretcher, a distance of over three miles. Dr. Roberts attended the sufferer, but pronounced the case hopeless, and he ex- pired near the post office in Russell-street on his way to the hospital. The "Mur. Times" says:—Mr. Robert Hall had a narrow escape from being bit- ten by a death adder, whilst at Mr. Leary's, at Borambil Creek, on Monday last. He was returning from the wheat field in company with Messrs. Hayes and Leary, when he put his foot on an adder. It struck him on the boot with its head, but could not bite his leg on account of his foot being most providentially close to its head. The adder, which was about eighteen inches long, was quickly ren- dered hors-de-combat. It is now in the possession of Mrs. Leary. This start- ling adventure will show how neces- sary it is to exercise the greatest care and vigilance when walking at the present time through the bush. The Kempsey correspondent of the "Manning River Times" relates the fol- lowing meritorious act:—On Sunday morning John Killion, the Armidale mailman, while running in his mail horses at the Nulla, met with a very se- vere accident, his horse falling and rolling over him, breaking his thigh. Dr. Gildea was telegraphed for, and when he arrived he found it necessary to have the young man removed to Kempsey; a spring-cart was borrowed, but the roads were too rough to attempt such a journey, so it was proposed to call for volunteers to carry him, and about 30 responded; 17 horses were lent, and while each took his turn at a corner of the stretcher, the others rode, the injured man being car- ried 46 miles by these men, some of them being perfect strangers to him. The "Dubbo Dispatch" reports that on Tuesday afternoon, as Mr. G. Morris, brother of Mr. Grant Morris, of Piere Pere, was engaged in cutting out cattle on that run, a weaner crossed his track, and a collision ensued, by which he was thrown from his saddle with violence to the ground, his horse rolling over him. When picked up by the two men who were with him, he was quite insensible, and a cart had to be procured to convey him to the station; subsequently he was brought into Coonamble for medical aid, but during the journey, of over 50 miles, be never recovered his consciousness. The unfortunate gentleman lingered through the day, but he never spoke until his death, which occurred about 10 p.m. the same day. Mr. Morris has left a widow and six children. The "Yass Courier" says:—We regret to learn that efforts are weekly made in Yass to circulate certain abominable of- fensive printed sheets issued from offices in Sydney and elsewhere. The sooner the Attorney General's bill for the pre- vention of trading in filth of this cha- racter becomes law, the better it will be for the morals of a number of young per- sons in Yass, who are weekly tempted to expend a few coppers in the purchase of these indecent publications. An amusing instance of a successful at- tempt to evade the payment of Customs dues (says the "Albury Banner") occurred a few days since. A Chinaman, residing on the Victorian side of the river, but anxious to avail himself of the benefits arising from the free-trade tariff of New South Wales in certain contemplated pur- chases of soft goods, came over to Albury and invested in two complete suits of clothing, from the shirt outwards, and one hat. Having purchased the articles, he coolly proceeded to the back of the store where he had bought them, and arrayed himself in the entire rig-out—two new shirts, two pair of trousers, two waist- coats, and two coats, finally dragging over the lot the well-worn habiliments in which he arrived. The storekeeper expressing a little mild surprise at the proceeding which resulted in transforming the China- man from a rather lean scarecrow into the semblance of an Asiatic Daniel Lambert, John replied, "All lite! All lite! Cus- tom-house no catchee now!" and went on his way rejoicing at the prospect of de- frauding the Victorian revenue to the ex- tent of some twenty shillings. The "Echo" says:—'Tis a sad Christ- mas time for poor Patrick Jones, who, through his own carelessness, lost one of his legs by a crush between a railway car- riage and the platform of the Tamworth station. According to the report of the occurrence, Mr. Jones was under the in- fluence of alcohol at the time. As intoxi- cated men often are, he was profuse in his friendship, and retained his hold of a passenger's hand after the train had started. The result, an amputation of a leg, should be remembered by those who incautiously crowd railway stations. Some time back the Victorian Minister for Works, Mr. Woods, framed a regula- tion which was calculated to prevent any persons but passengers and officials hav- ing contact with a train about to start. The crowd of friends had to keep behind a certain barrier. This idea of Mr. Woods gave rise to many expressions of dissatisfaction. The regulation was thought quite unnecessary; but, had such a one been in force at Tamworth, Mr. Jones would not now be in hospital. In many parts of this colony the railway platforms are crowded, and for the greater part by persons who have no busi- ness whatever upon them. On the North- ern line the Maitland stations have be- come fashionable places of resort; and when a train arrives at those places it is with the greatest difficulty that bona fide travellers can move about. It would not, perhaps, be well to check the friendly and praiseworthy habit of wishing good speed to the traveller; but the railway officials should have peremptory instruc- tions to see the platform fairly clear, or the crowd apart from the train before the signal to start is given. There may be a by-law to this effect. If so, it is not strictly observed, or the Tamworth acci- dent could not have occurred. The Sydney cor. of the "Tamworth News" writes:—Sydney is exceedingly sympathetic besides being ingenious in finding loop-holes in the convictions of murderous felons. Shall we ever forget the Gardiner row and the bother about the right of petition, which occurred some few years ago! The petition business is again in full action for the mitigation of the sentence passed on the "heroes" of the Wantabadgery murderous outrage. The youth of the boys—their recom- mendation to mercy—and a certain shadiness in the testimony against them —may with justice be fairly urged on his Excellency the Governor; but the pith of the petition, now sent around for signature, does not lie in the considera- tions stated. It is urged that the juror, John Stroch, was not only a German, im- perfectly acquainted with the English lan- guage, but was insane before the trial, at the trial, and is dangerously so just now. Affidavits in support of his past and present lunacy have been sworn, and induce many to sign the petition on the ground that Scott did not have a full and fair trial according to British law and usage. It is not contended that he is guiltless, but that he has not been pro- perly tried, and has, therefore, been im- properly convicted and sentenced to death. It certainly would be better to let him es- cape the extreme penalty of his evil do- ing than bring one of the safeguards of our lives and liberties—trial by jury— into jeopardy or public contempt. Ald. Dowel lately said in the Tamworth Borough Council that he believed the population of the Borough now numbered 4000, which entitled them to twelve Al- dermen; and he thought steps should be taken at once to have the additional Al- dermen elected next February. A woman named Bridget Hunt, lately drowned herself at Gunnedah, through being annoyed by larrikins. The Liverpool Plains wheat crop is re- ported to be seriously damaged by rust this season. The weather in Brisbane last week was very hot; in the sun 123 degs., in the shade 92; and the lowest in the shade 64. Heavy rains fell in many parts. The head of the firm of Peterson and Co., Melbourne, according to his annual practice of many years, has presented the charitable institutions with £100 worth of toys, for distribution amongst the chil- dren. A man named Nicholas Donvenue, whilst asleep by the road side at Penola, South Australia, was bitten by a snake, which he found twined around his leg on awaking. He died next morning. A carrier, named Michael McEvoy, has been wilfully shot by a man named Elles- dale, at Belltopper Creek, a camp about four miles from Aramee, on the Mutta- burra road. Ellesdale had been drinking heavily, and chasing deceased round his waggon deliberately fired several shots (across the horses at him), one of which entered below the navel causing death. A man named Oakes lately found a 7 oz. nugget at Mongarlowe, Braidwood, a few feet from the spot where he found the 40 oz. nugget six weeks ago. Besides this he has since been making a £1 per day. Mr. W. Moody, of Craigmere, Timaru, gives the following particulars of weights of fleeces clipped from a new American Merino sheep, imported about ten months ago. The average of ten rams was a little over 21 lbs., the heaviest (his fifth fleece) being 25½ lbs. Of twenty ewes (wet) the average was 12¾ lbs, each, the heaviest ewe fleece being 16½ lbs. Pleuro-pneumonia is still prevalent at Adelaide. The Mayor of Adelaide has given £100 for the benefit of the poor of the city, to be distributed in 5s. The "Herald" says:—The following letter has been forwarded to Mr. David Buchanan, M.L.A.:—"10, Downing-st., Whitehall. November 5, 1879. Sir— Lord Beaconsfield has received your let- ter of the 29th August last, respecting the disallowance of a Divorce Bill intro- duced by you and passed by the Legis- lature of New South Wales. In reply, he desires me to inform you that the dispatches of Sir Michael Hicks- Beach No. 40, 15th July, 1878, and No. 102 of 25th June last, express the opinion of her Majesty's Government upon the sub- ject, and Lord Beaconsfield does not see that he can at present add anything to the decision therein conveyed.—I am sir, your obedient servant, J. F. DALY." The heat one day last week at Ade- long registered 100 degrees in the shade. Last Tuesday week (says the "Gunda- gai Times") Mrs. Bowen, widow of the late Constable Bowen, was informed that the Government had determined to grant her a pension of £75 per annum for ten years. This sum appears to be quite in- adequate, but it must be recollected that the Government are guided by certain rules in such matters. Caterpillars are destroying everything before them at Bega. At once place near the town they are left lying in heaps like hail, and the grass is literally mown with them. Rogan, since the date of his execution was fixed, has sent a letter to his parents at Williamstown, Victoria, telling them of his position. The "Melbourne Argus" says:—Within the last ten days or so reports of cases of pleuro-pneumonia have been received and investigated by the Stock department, some of which we give below. In the central district, both at Pannoombawn and at Newstead, the Inspector found a diseased beast or two, and got the respec- tive owners to destroy them, so that no proceedings will be taken. Sometimes reports come from various parts of the colony of disease being amongst cattle, but when an inspector arrives on the spot, the animal complained about is found to be suffering from some other complaint, or there is discovered to be no foundation whatever for the rumour. The report of pleuro having been in a herd at Winchelsea in a case of this kind. Enquiries have been made by the district inspector and the police of the district, and it has been ascertained that the re- port is unfounded. Two paddocks at Mount Cole are placed in quarantine, several bullocks having been found to be diseased there. At this season of the year the percentage of disease is even less than in previous years; but public attention has lately been called to an unusual extent to one or two cases which have wrongly been desig- nated "outbreaks," as it is well known that nearly all the herds in the colonies (with the exception of Tasmania) are suffering more or less from pleuro. Enquiries are being instituted at Lance- field and other places by the police, who are of great assistance to the stock inspectors whose districts are very large. The "E. News" says:—The prisoners who have served more than 12 months in Darlinghurst were yesterday regaled with a Christmas dinner. Mr. James Kidman, the contractor for the supply of the prison rations, provided flour, raisins, &c.;, for the plum pudding, and the friends of many of the prisoners sent in contributions towards the entertain- ment. Also:—The affiliation case brought by Miss Thompson against Dr. Gentle, of Goulburn, terminated on Wednesday by the Bench, by a majority, dismissing the case. The voluminous evidence adduced was conflicting. The case has created a great stir in Sydney, as well as in Goul- burn. The "Newcastle Herald" says:—As many subscribers to newspapers are in doubt as to their journalistic liabilities, we publish the following for general in- formation:—1. If a person orders his paper discontinued, he must first pay all arrears, or the publisher may con- tinue to send until payment is made, and collect the whole amount whether the paper is taken from the office or not. 2. The Courts have decided that refusing to take newspapers and peri- odicals from a post office, or removing, and leaving them uncalled for, is prima facie evidence of intentional fraud. By an intimation which issued from the Acting Under Secretary in the Public Works Department on the 8th December, we learn that "aboriginals of this colony when travelling bona fide, and not in the employ of other persons, will be con- veyed on the Government railways free of charge, and the commissioner of Rail- ways has been instructed accordingly." Saturday's "E. News" says:—An extra- ordinary accident occurred this morning at Surry Hills. A married woman, named Jessie Newcombe, aged 27, who lives apart from her husband at 3, Tay- lor-street, about 4 o'clock this morning suddenly awoke under the impression that there was a burglar in the house. In the extremity of her terror she rushed through the window on to the balcony, and dropped from there on the iron spikes of the garden gate. One of the spikes penetrated her thigh, and the unfortunate woman sustained other lacerations and injuries. She was conveyed to the Infirmary at 4 a.m., and now lies in a very critical condition. Also:—Bushrangers Williams and Ben- nett: These young criminals were this morning forwarded to Berrima in charge of Senior Sergeant Major Thompson and four troopers. On arrival at the Redfern station they were transferred, as soon as possible, from the one prison-van to the other, in presence of but very few per- sons. The lads, for they look to be no- thing more, seemed to be in excellent health, and betrayed no symptoms what- ever of bravado, or, indeed, of any feel- ing except that of unconcern. They evi- dently did not consider themselves heroes, and those who saw them seemed im- pressed with the fact that mercy in their case had not been unduly strained. A case which appears likely to raise a serious question of breach of privilege came before the Victorian Assembly a few days ago. Mr. Cameron, member for West Bourke, complained of a letter published in the "Argus" of the 18th in- stant, written by one John Dawson, and which contained the following statement: —"Donald Cameron, M.L.A., charged me £2 sterling for introducing me to the Minister for Lands, and I stated my own case. I was one of Mr. Cameron's con- stituents and supporters at the time. Sir, was it not a breach of the privileges of Parliament for Mr. Cameron, M.L.A., to demand and take £2 from me for such a purpose? I hope you, sir, or some member of Parliament, will take this matter up, for I do not think that this is the right class of gentlemen to make laws for Victorians." On the following day the same journal published a statu- tory declaration made by the writer of this letter, which stated that—"I did, on the 27th July, 1878, pay the sum of two pounds sterling to Donald Cameron, member of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, for his services in introducing me to Mr. Longmore, the Minister for Lands, in connection with the transfer of my 10-acre selection, &c.;" The Singleton correspondent of the "Maitland Mercury" says:—"The Mel- bourne "Age" announces the death of a man named Nicholas McCann, at the age of seventy-six years, and claims the deceased to have been the oldest native- born Australian. There is now living in the district of Patrick's Plains a hearty and much respected old resident, Mr. John Cobcroft, who, like McCann, is a native of the Hawkesbury, but beats him by several years; and whilst McCann is now in his grave, Mr. Cobcroft is still ro- bust and lively. We do not know Mr. Cobcroft's exact age, but he was certainly born in the last century." Telegram from Brisbane, in "Herald": —The Cabinet, at a meeting, yesterday, agreed that telegrams marked "urgent" might take precedence over all others, upon payment of double rates. The Postmaster General has decided not to recommend any reduction in Press mes- sages, in consequence of the great mileage involved compared to Victoria, whence the recommendation came. Ditto from La Perouse:—The Chinese leper was examined by Dr. Hogg to-day. The patient is frightened of the attendant who was sent from the Parramatta Asylum to wait upon him. The attendant is ap- parently suffering from the same disease, and in a much worse condition. The patient is unwilling to remain in the same tent with the attendant, and threatens to leave the place if the latter is not removed. A lady vocalist has arrived in Mel- bourne from India, of whom the "Ar- gus" thus speaks:—We were favoured on Saturday afternoon by hearing a new singer who gave a private exhibition of her powers as a vocalist before a select circle in Messrs. Nicholson and Ascher- berg's rooms in Collins-street. Signora Gabriella Boema comes to Australia by way of India and the East, bringing with her a well-won Continental reputation as an operatic prima donna. Her perform- ances were in every way satisfactory, and showed her to advantage as an artist well adapted to the concert platform. The following were the selections she sang, namely—1. "Non Torno" (Italian), by Mattei, song, accompanied by Alfred Plumpton. 2. "Am Meere" (German), by Schubert, song, accompanied by Ju- lius Herz. 3. "Fruhlingslied (German), by Mendelsshon, song, accompanied by Julius Herz; and "Ritorno Vincitor" (Italian), by Verdi, from the opera ''Aida," grand scena, accompanied by Alfred Plumpton. In these selections Signora Boema displayed the possession of a soprano voice of an attractive qua- lity, and an artistic method in using it which met with general approval. Her tones are of a clear and ringing quality, not wholly free from vibration. They evince quick sensibility on the part of the singer, and are very sympathetic in effect. Her delivery is easy and her pro- nunciation clear. She produces the ef- fect of force without exertion, and exer- cises a genuine control over her hearers even in the very finest shades of expres- sion, and she was equally successful in each of the above-named selections, which were sufficiently varied to form a compre- hensive test. When the opportunity oc- curs Signora Boema will be heard by the public with pleasure. The "Bathurst Times" says:—Yester- day, Mr. J. T. Lee brought a hare to this office weighing 12lbs. The animal was shot at Woodlands, and is no doubt the largest hare yet secured in the colony. Generally speaking, it takes a good- sized hare to weigh 7lbs., and the one in ques- tion must be considered an extraordinarily large one. Saturday's "Echo" says:—Last night, a stabbing affray of a somewhat serious nature occurred in Margaret-street. A Frenchman named Phillip Monchauvan, residing there, keeps a boarding-house. Last night he went out, leaving his wife at home, and on returning he found her drinking with several of the boarders. This so enraged him that he struck her. One of the boarders, named John O'Neil, then took her part, and knocked Mon- chauvan down. The latter, it is said, rose and drew a knife, and struck at O'Neil several times, inflicting three true wounds, one on the front of his chest, and two on his back towards the left side. Several of the other boarders, it is said, were struck by Monchauvan with the knife, but received only slight injuries. He himself received a frightful-looking jagged wound, extending from under the right eye across the bridge of his nose and over the left eye, said to have been done with a pot. Both men were at- tended to at the Infirmary by Dr. Hastie. —About 8 o'clock, yesterday morning, a man named William Charles Robinson, 33 years of age, and following the occu- pation of a dealer, was found dead in his bed, at his residence, 55, Victoria- street, by his mother, Margaret Robin- son, who lives in the same house. The body was undressed when found. De- ceased was an unmarried man. About 8 o'clock, on Thursday evening, he was ac- companied home by a man named Adam- son; he was then under the influence of liquor. He was last seen alive, so far as the police have ascertained, about five minutes past 12 the same night, hanging on to a fence in Victoria-street, near the Willow Tree Hotel. Dr. Day was called in and examined the body, but refused to certify as to the cause of death. From the state of the body life must have been extinct a considerable time before it was discovered. No information could be gleaned from deceased's mother, as she was, and has been for some days, in a state of intoxication.—The festive season brought the usual amount of good things to the poor men and women whom ne- cessity compels to seek assistance at the soup kitchen. The number who came to dinner on Christmas Day, 110, was rather above the average attendance. The merchants, grocers, butchers, bakers, millers, and others who have so gener- ously contributed on former occasions, supplied everything that was required for this year also. Eight large plum pud- dings were prepared, weighing in the aggregate 120 lbs.; this gave about 1 lb. to each person. They each received 1 lb. of roast beef, and 1 lb. of potatoes; this, with a basin of tea, made up a very good dinner. Many of those present expressed their thanks for the generous provision made for them. Not more than ten out of the number were women.—Yesterday evening a large muster of boating men took place at Trickett's Hotel, to be pre- sent at the final arrangements for the out- rigger race between William Trickett and Harry McCleer, for £200 a side. The sum of £100 had previously been de- posited with Mr. R. Driver, M.L.A., the stakeholder, and the match was to have taken place to-day (Saturday); but for some reason not fully explained, McCleer's backer gave the stakeholder notice that it had been determined not to go on with the match; hence the sum previously staked, £100, was paid over to William Trickett's party, and the match lapsed. The "Herald" says:—A meeting of the committee, re export of meat, was held at the Agricultural Society's Rooms, on Monday, at 4 o'clock, Mr. T. Cadell in the chair. The following gentlemen were added to the committee:— E. Combes, C.M.G., Hon. W. Busby, Hon. George Thornton, Hon. James White, Hon. A H. Browne, Mr. Colin Simson, M.L.A., Mr. T. Hungerford, M.L.A., Mr. Walter Lamb, Mr. Henry Mort, Mr. W. Kilgour, Mr. R. A. A. Morehead, Mr. G. N. Grif- fiths, Mr. Henry Bell, Mr. P. N. Tre- beck, Mr. B. Richards, Mr. P. H. Os- borne, Mr. Grace, Mr. W. Dangar, and Mr. R. Richards. The chairman read a letter received from the chairman of the Fresh Food and Ice Company re use of the works at Darling Harbour. Captain Farquhar, at the request of the chairman, gave further information referring to the storage of meat. Mr. J. B. Rundle urged immediate action to be taken to have a dead meat market established by the City Corporation. He instanced the great suc- cess attending the Fish Market, under the management of that body. He wished to know if the committee had yet taken any steps in this particular. The chairman stated, in reply, that no definite course had been adopted by the committee. Several gentlemen suggested that the Fresh Food and Ice Company's pre- mises should be inspected, in order to see if they were suitable, and what terms could be made. Mr. Combes stated that the objects the committee had in view should have his warmest support, and he would be willing to ask either the Government or Corporation to provide the necessary accommodation for the re- ception of dead meat in the city. He wished also to say that he had taken great pains to make himself conversant with the mode in which the dead meat trade was carried on in America, and he would in- form them that proper slaughtering houses must be erected in the interior, so that the meat should be in proper condition when killed, and that properly con- structed meat cars should be available, so that the trade could be properly de- veloped. Mr. Buchanan wished to say that nothing could be done without first of all providing a proper market in the city for the reception of dead meat. He was of opinion that the Corporation should at once erect a suitable building. He was sure that if they had a proper cool- ing house it would be a source of consi- derable revenue to the city funds, be- sides immense accommodation to stock owners. Mr. B. Richards said he consi- dered, like Mr. Rundle, that the com- mittee should first of all give their atten- tion to getting a proper building, in the city for the reception of dead meat, no matter where it came from. He also could speak of the immense advantage to the public of having meat slaughtered in the country. He wished to say that at present there were no facilities given by the Government in the way of proper trucks for conveying the beef in, and he had reason to complain of the excessive charge made for freight on dead meat. It was impossible to talk of exporting meat without great alteration was made in the matters he referred to. Mr. T. Hungerford, M.L.A., desired to endorse the remarks made by Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Combes, and would do all in his power to promote the objects of the com- mittee. Mr. J. B. Rundle was of opin- ion that the Corporation should at once be urged to provide a proper receiving house, it would be the best paying building in the city. The Hon. J. B. Watt suggested that as it was late in the evening, the committee should adjourn. The chairman supported the adjourn- ment. It was then resolved that the next meeting of committee should be called for Wednesday, the 14th January next, at half-past 2 o'clock. The "Bombala Herald" reports that a sad and fatal accident befel two children, the sons of Mr. William Scott, of Dele- gate, aged respectively 8 and 10 years. It would appear that these two children, in company with a third boy, went near the bank of the Church Creek, and the younger one unfortunately fell over the bank into a deep waterhole. The elder brother, full of courage for his years, at once jumped into the hole to save his brother, but unfortunately got out of his depth, and both were drowned. The third boy ran home, about 300 yards dis- tant, and gave the alarm. The father went down without a moment's delay, and got his two unfortunate boys out of the water, but they were found to be quite dead. Telegram from Brisbane, in Saturday's "Echo":—A fire broke out at McLennan's livery stables yesterday night, which were totally destroyed. The adjoining premises on either side were also somewhat da- maged. The horses were rescued without injury. McLennan's premises are insured in the New Zealand Company for £4000. The hotel, which was not totally de- stroyed, has the damage fully covered by the insurance, which amounts to £820, in the same company. A large shed belonging to Mr. Forth, produce dealer, was destroyed, with a quantity of produce. It is insured for £100 in the Pacific, and for £300 in the South Bri- tish. The "Brisbane Telegraph," of Dec. 23, says:—William Highfield, the Engineer in charge of Waterworks, was brought up at the Police Court this morning, charged with embezzling public moneys. The in- formation, which was laid by Robert Robertson, accountant in the Depart- ment of Public Works, stated that the accused received, in his official capacity, for the department, the sum of £83 17s., and feloniously misapplied £79 16s. 7d. of the amount. The only evidence taken in the case was that of Constable Michael Hannigan, who deposed that he arrested Highfield in the office of the Commis- sioner of Police, where he had surrendered himself, and conveyed him to the lock-up yesterday. The accused, who declined to put any question to the witness, was re- manded until the 30th inst. Much sur- prise is expressed at such a charge being brought against Mr. Highfield, who is an officer holding a highly responsible posi- tion for some years past in the public ser- vice, and receiving a salary of £700 per annum. The "St. George Standard" says:— "The public will learn with sincere re- gret that an accident of a serious nature has happened to Mr. E. Murphy, the late editor of this journal. As far as the facts are at present known, it appears that Mr. Murphy was exercising a horse, belonging to Mr. T. M. Cummings, over the hurdles on the race course, in com- pany with that gentleman, and that the horse threw him violently against the fence, fracturing his skull. Mr. Cum- mings rode into town for assistance, which was speedily available, and the un- fortunate gentleman was brought in at once to the hospital and attended by Dr. Marks, who removed the pieces of broken bone and did all that could possibly be done for him. Up to the time of going to press we have received no further infor- mation, but we sorrowfully record the fact that the worst results are antici- pated." The "Brisbane Telegraph" says:—In- formation has been received from the Cape River that a miner named Frederick Halifax cut his throat at that place on the 1st instant. Halifax, who had been stay- ing at the Exchange Hotel, at Capeville, had been observed to be wrong in his mind for some time previous. On the day named he was found by the police lying in the hotel yard in a pool of blood, with his throat cut from ear to ear, the windpipe being also severed. There was a large butcher's knife lying by the side of deceased, and it is believed that this was the instrument with which the fatal deed was committed. Also:—A cleverly executed burglary was perpetrated during Saturday night at the residence of Bishop Hale, Milton, by which a quantity of jewellery was stolen. The Bishop and his family had retired at the usual hour on Saturday night, and shortly after 5 o'clock yesterday morning one of the inmates of the house disco- vered that the dining-room door was un- locked. This circumstance excited sus- picion, and on an inspection of the house being made it was found that the robbers had visited Miss Hale's bedroom, and the Bishop's dressing room, which in their search for booty they had left in a state of disorder. They accomplished their purpose without awakening the inmates of the house, and carried off a consider- able quantity of valuables, among which were two gold lockets, two silver watches, one lady's gold watch, two gold brooches, one silver locket, one silver brooch, a silver watch chain, a gold necklet, a dou- ble Napoleon forty-franc piece, and a small sum of money. A slight noise was heard by Mrs. Hale during the night, but she attributed it to the rats, and took no particular notice of the circumstance. It is supposed that the culprits effected an entrance through the fanlight over the dining room door. The matter has been placed in the hands of the police. The "Border Post" remarks:—A "num- ber of waggons laden with wool have passed through Stanthorpe during the week, from Tenterfield and Clifton, and we learn that the whole of this season's clip from these stations will be trans- mitted to Sydney by the same route, via Brisbane. A considerable increase in the wool traffic from New South Wales through Queensland may be expected upon completion of our railway." "An Old Digger" reports to the "Peak Downs Telegram", of December 12, as fol- lows:—"News from the Spring Diggings continues to be of the most encouraging character, and the late rumours circulated as to the rich yield from Watty's claim, adjoining the All Nations, are perfectly correct. Two small loads of washdirt were taken from this claim during the latter part of last week, from which the actual yield of gold was a trifle over 37 oz. The party are now taking their ground out on a face, the washdirt being three feet in thickness, and prospects taken from the end of the workings on Monday last gave half an ounce of gold to the dish. It may be here mentioned that two shares in this claim have recently changed hands, the buyers being W. Nel- son and W. Cox, who paid £40 each for their shares, and appear perfectly satis- fied with their bargain, fully expecting to realise the amount of their purchase money out of their next washing. The best of luck appears to have visited this claim from the beginning. The first lot of washdirt raised averaged 2 oz. 12 dwts. to the load, and since then several good washings have taken place, and the recent rich find, though perhaps only a patch, appears likely to turn out several more pounds weight of gold. There are a few parties scattered over the Springs Goldfield working in the numerous shal- low gullies, and knocking out 'tucker,' with the usual chance of a small patch or a coarse 'speck' to keep them going. Al- together, the total population may be set down at seventy-five persons, and this number may shortly be expected to in- crease; but let no one for a moment sup- pose that the rich patch lately taken from Watty's claim represents the average yield, or that gold can be obtained on the Springs without both labour and capi- tal, as the sinking is through basaltic rock and cement, very hard and deep (120 feet), and water also has to be con- tended against, necessitating shafts to be slabbed, puddled, and close timbered. The general opinion of the men working on the Springs Goldfield, coupled with that of experienced persons who have vi- sited the diggings, is, that the lead will eventually be traced across the extensive plain; time and capital, the two great essentials, being needed to further and fully develope the resources of the Springs Goldfield." The "Brisbane Telegraph," of Dec. 23, says:—"Dr." Mahoney: Yesterday, at the criminal sittings of the District Court, Eugene Augustus Mahoney was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment with hard labour for obtaining goods by means of a valueless cheque. This individual, who is better known in Brisbane as "Doctor" Mahoney, has got off very lightly. It is not the first time that he has made the acquaintance of the inside of a gaol, hav- ing suffered imprisonment in Darling- hurst, Port Macquarie, and Newcastle gaols, his offences being of a somewhat similar description to that for which he is now undergoing punishment. His career in Brisbane has been a short and an emi- nently unsatisfactory one. Notwithstand- ing that he can show no diploma, he practised the medical profession here, and, from all accounts, with a fair prospect of success. He appears, how- ever, to have preferred a more rapid me- thod of making money, so he "prac- tised" on the credulity of the people of Brisbane to an extent which did credit to his plausibility and powers of persuasion. During his six months' residence in Bris- bane he gained the confidence of trades- men of all descriptions—to their cost. Buggy builders, harness makers, furni- ture warehousemen, jewellers and others have suffered from their acquaintance with the "doctor." Although, in the opinion of many, Mahoney's punishment is not equal to his deserts, it is to be hoped that his conviction will serve as an ad- vertisement and a warning to the over trustful, and that it will be the means of putting a stop to the fellow's career.— [We have reasons to believe this is the same "gentleman," who practised at Walcha, some twelve months since.— EDS. "A.E."] M. Humbert, the amnestied Com- munist, who was recently elected a municipal councillor at Paris, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment and to pay a fine of 2000f. for insulting the magistracy and for defending acts which the law stigmatises as crimes. The manager of La Marseillaise was sen- tenced to two months' imprisonment and a fine of 5000f. for publishing M. Hum- bert's speech, and was fined 1000f. for printing a letter from M. Rochefort. The publication of the paper has also been suspended for a fortnight. A letter from Szegedin says that the whole area of that unfortunate town has been now laid dry, and the construction of the circular dykes will immediately begin. When that is finished the work of rebuilding the town will commence. The new town will be divided into the "inner city" and the "outer town," the former containing courts of justice, town- hall, schools, &c.;, built of stone and brick. The suburbs, where four- fifths of the popu- lation live, will probably be built of ce- ment and wood. We learn from St. Petersburg that the Holy Synod is engaged examining a pro- posal of the Metropolitan of Moscow for establishing a Russo-Greek bishopric in Japan. The Metropolitan has offered, in conjunction with several other pre- lates, to give enlarged scope to orthodox missionary enterprise in Japan in the event of a bishop being appointed to supervise the mission centre at Tokio. The metropolitan has also suggested the desirability of a national subscription in Russian churches in aid of the religious movement. Both projects have received the preliminary approval of the synod. The man that got drunk in the marble- yard explained to the judge before whom he was taken that he had been on a monumental bust. 