THE EXCHANGE. The opening of the new Exchange in Collins street to.day is an event worthy of notice, since it marks the progress of tho colony in adding to her institutions one of thoso enter- prises which in all great cities have been regarded in modern times as- jin'dispensable. Tho Exchange is projected upon principles which will command the sympathy, and, wo trust, tho practical support of the general public. For merchants, persons connected with shipping, brokers, purveyors of newe, &c.;, the institution will proveinvaluablo, Thelessee, bealdea providing for tho essentially legitimate ends of the venture, has not neglected the wants or comforts of tho3e who choose to avail themselves of tho good things offered. A smoking lounge is ono of the attractions, and a billiard-room furnishes tho means of stimulating one's digestive powers after 'lunch. The latest cablegrams and tele- graphio news will be posted .for genoral information during the day, thus affording the members a variety of topics for reflection and conversation instead of those very stale jokes that go the round of the town for a month to gether. We sincerely wish prosperity to the enterprise and good fortuno to Mr Byron Moore, who has so pluokily thrown himself in to the undertaking. The arrangements to-day, show that the manager, Mr Russell, knows his business. The following telegram was posted at the new room of the Exchange, Collins street, to-day "Newcastle, Monday.— There is no improve ment in colliery matters. Lambton, New Lamhton, and Newcastle companies are load ing the vessels arranged for before the Btrise at 10s. Lambton and Warntah are taking fresh orders at 14s. New Lambton and New. castle decline to name a pi ice until their present arrangements are completed, Ferndale ii working. Is reported to be for Bupply of Gorercment contracts only. It Is thought the associated collieries will not remain idle much longer, but the present prospeotB of n settle ment are not favorable. The position of affairs is causing much anxiety hero." Tho Orient, steamer, from Plymouth 4th April, is expected to reaoh the Bay early on Wednesday next. The entire passage is esti mated at 35 days, including detention at St Vincent and the Cape. ' Onr Celebrities I havo Met to-day is Sir Charles Dilke, tho new Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies. The next celebrity will bo Mr Gladstone, the preoent British X'remier and Chancellor of the Exchequer, Tbe ohargo against Messrs Gatehouse, Butters, Moody and Knox, for destroying tho Burvoy boaonn on Mount Diogenes,, will be heard in the City Court to-morrow, Two of tho defendants ore ex-Mnyors of Melbourne, and are accused under circumstances of such a ecrious nature that the Crown haB refused to adopt an ordinary civil prooese, and lays the case agninat them in a form which will entail imprisonment on oonviotion. Tho following are the deliveries of wheat, flour and oorn produce at the Spencer street station for the past weak : — Wheat, 3139 bags ; flour, 3075 bags ; bran, 1709 bags ; pollard, 224 bags ; oats, 2650 hags ; -peas, 1005 bags ; barley, 482 bags ; potatoes, 43 bags ; chaff, 11,307 bags ; onions, 170 bags ; grass seeds, 23 bags. Total, 24,193 bags. A depu tation of the coal merchants of Mel bourne will wait upon the Minister of Railways on Wednesday next relative to the supply of coal for the department. It is atatod that a private arrangement has been ontered into with a firm in Melbourne, instead of tenders being | called for in the usual manner. The difference, it is alleged, will inoroaso the outlay of tho- ooiony some L4000 per annum. Tho sittings of tho County Court for tho present mouth were commenced to-day before ins Honor Judge Cope, but tho proceedings did hot contain anything of general interest, An application was made to-day in tho In solvency Court to his Honor J udge Noel, by Mr.Phillips, on behalf of Messrs W, Dear ana Co., creditors in tbo estate of William John Rogers, of Echuca, ironmonger, for the re moval of Henry Jntnea Ball frota tbe position of trnstee, on tbe gronad of his having left tho colony. It appeared frum tho affidavits that Ball carried on business ot 00 Collins atreet .west as au accountant and trade assignee. That on the 2nd Ootober last be was appointed trustee in Rogers's estate, and was receutly elected tuuteo in several other insolvent estates and under several deeds of assignment for the benefit of oreditors. That between Ootober, 1879, and the 9sh February, 1880, ho did not pay a dlvideud to tho creditors in any of the estates of whloh he was trustoo, notwithstanding that he had collected assets in them,includingt.90in the estate ofRagers. That on the 10th January his household effects at bis residence in Bimusnn's road, Richmond, were sold by_ the Sheriff, under an execution in an action in whloh Ball was defendant and Messrs M'Lcan Bros, and Rlgg the plaintiffs ; and that the «»mo day his office furniture was dis trained on for rent. That on the 15th February he left for Englnud in tbe steamer Kent, with bis wife and child; and by tho English mail, which was delivered in Melbourne on the 17th April, Messrs P. D. Phillips and Cohen, of Colliue street, solicitors in Rogers's estate, received a letter from Ball, purporting to .bo written from "Glen Cottage, 94 Blnckheath Hil', London," but bearing no'date, In which ha stated that ho had been obliged to take his wife to England for the benefit of her health, and thot "all tho assets coming to his hands in Rogers's estate had bseii paid away In various proceedings, but that the moneys due from the dehtors and Gilbert, and ha hoped Wni. M'Culloch and Cj. Insurance Company should pay all prefer ential claims and a fair dividend." Ths application was supported !>v affidavits of MrM. CohcD, of tho firm of P. D. Phillips and Cohen, and Mr T. B. Badliam, lato olerk to Ball. His Honor said he thought the affi davits were sufficient. It appeared -that tho tiustee was in difficulties, as his furniture had been told undrr distraint. He had gone to Erglnnd and did not any when ho would be back and his Honor thought there were ample materials to make an order that the Chief Clerk hold a meeting for the election of a new trustee, which order he made accordingly, "Mosney, what is making that noise ?" was the inquiry of Mr Panton, P.M., in the City Court this morning as a screech above made itself heard from time to time — a compound of a cock crowing, a rusty' windlass, and sharpen ing a saw, ko as to sot one'b teeth on edgo. Inspector Montf rrt took npon himself to reply, by observing, "Ask the Publio Works depart ment.". ".The weird noiee emanated from a ventilator, whioh is ono of the reoont improve ments, following tho example of Pacllamont Houso. If any theatrical manager wants to imitate a farmyard, here is one of the conco mitants ready to his hand. - " Ah Ho and Quin Ding, whom It is scarcely necessary to explain are Chinamen, were ar raigned before the City magistrates to-day for housebreaking and stealing about 39s worth of coffeepots and candlesticks from the rtBidenca of Mr H. J. Browne, East Mel- bourne._ Ah Ho pleaded guilty of receiving, skid said the other was ionocent, Mr R, Walsh appeared for Ding. The goods were traced through pawning. This osso was pro ceeding when we went to press. In place of tho luncheon usually given by the Mayor of Melbourne on quarter-day, a dinner Is to be given this evening, to which a number of guests hare been invited. Whilom Baker, Joseph E Pope, Michael Leyden, and Jas Walsh, lads, ware bofore the City Bench to-day for being in a public place wicn intent to commit a felony. Thoy had been rernnnderl from a previous day. Detective O'Donnell saw them turning over a drnnkon man, apparently with a view to robbory. Too bench, after hearing police evidence as to character, sent oil of them to gaol -for three months. We learn that Mr R. A. Proctor, having literary work to complete for transmission to England by the next San Fraueisoo mail, re mained at Auckland, and will not arrive in Melbourne till about' the 19th iost; In the meantime communications for him may be ad dressed to Mullen's library. Michael Rafferty, cabman, was brought up by ConBtable Cash at tbo City Court this morn ing for being drunk when in charge of hie horse and oab. The horao ran away, and the vehicle collided wich a 'bus at Falls' Bridge. TheoabwaB smashed and the horsajhad to be killod, Defendant was fined one ahilllug, with LI 8s Gd costs, -for the veterinary enrgeon, etc. The only business at the Footscray Police Court this morning was an ndjonrned decision whether the transfer of a publican's license Bhr.nld bo granted from ono J. Carroll to I. Solomon jor an hotel in Upper Footsoray. A simitar application had previously been refused by Mr Akhnret, P.M., sometime since, and this morning Mr Sbuter held that ho could not open up n decision previously given by a brother magistrate. ' The application was re fused. Mr Saurin Ly-tor, we understand, is anxious to meot with the gentleman who broke the gas-lamp at the Opera Houso on Saturday night. This enthusias'-io admirer of the new debutante, Miss Helen Gordon, having evi dently observed that some one in tho stalls had just thrown a bouquet on to the head of a bandsman, instead of at the feet of Miss Gordon, gave h)3 shot mora elevation — so much elevation, that he struik one of tho iampglasses in the dcass-cirolo, and sent it in a thousand pieces on to the heads of the people in the stalls below. Aad one leaf of the bouquet alighted on the head— the bald head — of a gentleman seated in the circle just below the too impetuous thrower of flowers, to the no email indignation, &c.;, of the possessor of the head in questiou. But the person most injured is tho lecsee of the Opera House, who iB minus a lamp- glass— not paid for. What between thQ Government works about to be undertakenlat Swan Islnad, and those in progress for private individuals, the questiou of the unemployed stands in a fair way of being solved, so far ns Geelong and its neighborhood at nil events are concerned (observes the Geelong 2'imcs). One firm of arohitoots in this town— that ot Messrs Davidson and Co.— are now cntrying out tho following works The re-oreotion of the premises lately consumed by fire at Avaion, Duck ponds, .. for Mr Jamea Austin ; the ereotion of St, Paul's School: tbe building of two villa residences on the Western Beach; additions to some of the first residences built in Geelong, viz, that erected for the late. Mr. G, T. Lloyd; additions to tho rrsidenoe of Mr. G. P. Robert son, of Oolac; and tho building of a houso for Mr Carwood, jun., at Apnllo Bay. Tha erec tion of the Shire Hall at Colao, for whloh the nbovennmed firm are the architects, will also bo proceeded with shortly. There is ovidently a good tirao coming for masons, bricklayers, and lubnrers, cauBeri no doubt by the cesmtioii of the " Berry blight." The Sallaral Courier is glad to staie that the minerB of Ballarat are enrolling their names ns members of tho newly-formed association in great numbers. On Saturday afternoon and evening Mr Williams visited some of the largo at mines, and mat with grent success, not moat ing with n signal refusal. Two of the oommittee also attended at the Buck's Head hotel on Saturday evening, to enrol members, and were kept pre tty well going. Subscriptions are ulso coming in from tha tradespeople. A meeting of the proviiionai oomihittea of the aseooia'.ion will bo held in tho Buck's Houd to- morrow overling, at eight o'clook. Many anniversaries have slipped quietly into oblivion, but the memory of tho traitor jiulab is still preserved, and as the appointed season arrives he his dragged from his dis honored grave and called up for judgment. On hoard some gof the foreign shipping his tifigy is formally, arraigned, and, after under- going a mock trial, is forthwith oondamned and subjected to every species of oontumely and illusage. In Roman Catholio .oountries his \- infamy is recalled by a curious ceremony, known as " rattling Judaa'a bonea." pro bably (eays the Globe) tho long-established English praotioa of playing football on Good Friday is connected with this subject — though few of those who jpin In it are aware that the bail they kick from Bido to eido Is emblomatio of the traitor's bead. It was formerly tho omtom to oauso a rattlo by loading it with peas and bono beans. Tradition has fixed on the elder ns the gallows-tree. Its offensive odor - has been noticed, and it properties have long held an uu- oanny reputation on the solenoo of witchcraft. "Laurell for a garland, oaldor for a disgrace, " was n dictum of Queon Elizabeth 's-tiino. And certainly the exorossencos, called "atiricuhe Judm," whioh appear on the stem, cannot pro. perly be translated into "Jews' ears," It would be well if we could aoquit tho Judas troe, whose beautiful pink blossoms aro tho. earliest harbinger of spring, but its name perpetuates tbo stigma. Iu Saturday's Hamilton Spectator it is stated that the hon J. A, Maophorson, ox-member for Duudas, hns returned to the colony by tho mail, and telegraphed bis regret that he was unable to attend the dinner given last night at Hamilton in honor of the Ministry. Lorno will have to look to its laurala. Ws Gclong Times) hoar that Messrs Davidson and Co have received instruction from MrOawood to prepare plans and -.predications for au hotel ou a largo scale, which is to bo erected at Apolla Bay. ' Alluding to tbe Oxford and Cambridge boat- race a writer in Brief says : — I supporo I havo seen at least twenty of these races, but novor a better one from Putney to Ohiswiok, when that, dogged, dingdong stroke of Oxford told, and tho dark blues gradually draw away to ftn easy victory. In foot, after Obiswielc, it was a procesBiou, and nothing mare. One of the mbst amusing and brightost sights of the day was the rapid return journey by steamer along those orowded banka whoa wo telegraphed tha news of Oxford's vlotory to countless thousands, and received in return their rounds of enthusias tic cheers. But I could not llcll) feeling, as I bbw these Crowds that had come so far and seen so little, tho forco of tho old question, " Want went ye out for to boo 1" Mr A. P. Martin left to-day in the City of Adelaide for Sydney. It is rumored that ho is about to negotiate with Mr Arthuc Garner, of the London Comedy Company, for tho pro duction of an original Australian comedy drama, entitled, An Adventurer, whioh has_ been pronounced by one or two friendly critics who havo had tho privilege of a pre liminary "rending" as thoroughly aotable, and remarkably well-fitted for the requirements of Mr Garner's company. Mr Martin intends oombining pleasure withbasinoss.and will be back iu Melbourne in about a month. Despite tho unfavorable weather, theTheatre Royal was well filled on Siturday night, whsn Mr Grattau ltigas appeared ns Josh, a new England farmer. Tho plot of ths play seems to be of a domestlo nature, and the interest andtho fun of . tho piece mostly concentrate in the hero, Mr Oliy Dseriag.who plays an old bncholor with infinite humor, appearing to have fully conceived the part and oreated a personage out of the depths of his moral oon- Eoionsness _ who is amusing in the highest degree,- Mi=3 Foloy has a part whioh suits her, and is brig f, arcb, tantalising and so forth by turn's; and those who know that lady's noting can quite realise how well eho answered tbe part. Mr Grattnn Riggs may be congratu lated on his enreful and well-considered rendering of Josh. The New Englaador's churaoter is a most difficult oneto portray. Habitually indnstrions and thrifty, ho is full of the loftiest sentiments and capable of noble generosity. Well, if solf-edueatod, the New Englander is shrewd and close ; so close as habitually to disguise his really Btrong sense of humor under a guise of oynioi3m whioh in itself is the most exquisite, though he can at times "rollick" with au abandon which would shame Merrio England. All these different shades of character were well and truthfully portrayed by tho exporlenood aotor, and to those who can enjoy ecoentric humor with out sensationalism Josh will prove very attrac tive. In the afterpiece as Barney the Baron Mr Riggs was also amusing. The pieos will run until further notice, and should be vory popular. On Saturday evening Marltana was per- formed at the Opera House, the occaeiod being the debut of Miss Helen Gordon, who took tho principal soprano part in that opera. Though Mits Gordon has been heard in the concert room on several occasions, this was hor first attompt at Cljopara, and naturally created considerable Interest. Miss Gordon possesses an excellent voice and good stage appearance, aod the intelligence which she exhibited on Saturday evening seems to promise that, after ooinidsrablo further study, both vocal and histrionic, Bhe may beeomo a desirable addition to the list of our native prima donnas. Mlra Gordon wos plentifully applauded on Saturday evening, and sang the music in a praiseworthy manner, if wo exospt the tendency to sharpness in the upper nolo?, which may possibly be attributed to nervousness, but is a fault whioh should be- carefully guarded against. The rest of tho oast, which included Miss Lambert as Lazsrillo, Mr Beaumont as Don Cmsar do Bazan, and Mr Tompieton as Don J oso, are well known bb impersonations, and do not call for any special remsrk, This oven ing tho ever popular!) a Fillo doMadamo Angot will bo produced, with Miss Elsa May as Clairette. The youthful Pinafore oontlnues to orowd the Academy of Music nightly, (and Saturday night was no exception. The performance continues to increase in excellence, though it is to be feared that some of the leading per formers will, ic their ardor to excel, over strain their voices. No end can at present ba predicted to tho run, which will certainly last ajjlong time. At the People's Theatre tho entertainment ou Saturday night consisted of a piece well- known on the American stage, aad ontitlod Pomii; or, Before "tho War, The plot of tho play is Bomewhat disconnected, but embraces a succession of sensational scenes and incidents whioh, though improbable, suffice to rivet the ' attention of ths audieaco.. The plot is somewhat complicated, lint the incidents aro so numerous and excltiug that this is lost eight of. Tho part of Pomp was excellently sustained by Mr E. B. Lewis ; and Mr Cathcart, Miss Leopold — and indeed tbe actors generally— may bo congratulated on their performance, The Jubilee Singers sang— notably ono quartette — very sweetly at inter vals in the play, and also did some clever dancing. The theatre will . doubtless be crowded forBome time to come. Professor Pepper's lecture on Saturday night was well attended, and the learned gentleman received a warm greeting. He announced that the main part of his lecture would in future consist of;ostronoraionl notes; and furthermore, to the great satisfaction of the audience, that if this change proved popular, combined wich his historical ghosts, he would continue his lectures indefinitely. The announcement will he heard with pleasure, 