THE OLD SERMON. THE solemn hash of: midnight is brooding over the earth ; Alone in my state and splendour, I wait lor the nfaW day's birth. No sound breaks in on the stillness, no voice in the silenoe calls, So heavy the velvet hangings, so thick are my study walls. ' I woald sit in the daeky silence, and rest both heart and brain, And gather strength lor the warfare that day brings on again; But a pioturo comes in the darkness of a place I knew when a boy, And it chills the heart that is throbbing with the flush ot worldly joy. 'Tis a simple ohurch in a meadow-land, Where I Bee a white-baired paBtor stand, Who warns his Hook with uplifted hand: 11 Except ye be like the children, Ye oannot enter in." There's & glitter and glory around me that is born of a guinea's shine; I measure a thousand acres, and know that their wealth is mine; I hear in the shout oi the gaping crowd the homage they bear my name It ia written in radiant letters on the glitter ing roll of fame; The sound of the words I ntter is eohoed from land to land, And the helm that sways a nation is trusted within my hand; But my heart grows faint like a woman's when the dusk of twilight neara, And I dread the solemn midnight when that white-haired man appears; For soul and spirit become perplexed; I dread the words that are coming next, The awful sound of that simple text: " Except ye bo like the children, Ye cannot enter in." Long and fierce was the struggle that placed me upon the height; I wrought with a will for the luBtre that haB made my name so bright; , I won me a crown of laurel, and wreathed it around my brow, And the wounds of the mighty confliotl bear about me now. And mine is the right of resting, of panging awhile in the strife, For I fought the fight like a victor, and con quered the tbing called life! But that pioture will come in the darkneBS, and stifie the fire-lights gleam, Till I pale and shrink like a culprit who is boupd in a nightmare dream; For I see the old man standing there,' The lifted hands and whitened hair, And I hear the trembling voice deolare: " Except ye be like the children, > '< Ye cannot enter in." . So I sit alone in the midnight, while the ghosts of the past flit by, And they warn me with shadowy fingers of the end that is drawing nigh; I think of the life within me, of the fierce and resistless will, And the frail and helpless body that moat lie so cold and still, Till the quivering heart in my bosom grows faint asd numb with fear, With dread cf the awful summons that one day I must hear; And I turn with a shudder of loathing from the power I stooped to win, And I losg for the heart of childhood, un * touched, unsullied by sin; For the voice of truth falls on my ear, And memory calleth adowa the years, While awed and frightened my BOUI still hears: " Except ye be like the children, Ye cannot enter in." A YOUNG SCIUTCHBB - Meeting a news boy whose face was scarred with scratches and looked like a map of some great rail road centre, a Register reporter asked the youngster what ,tbe matter was, "Feller spoke disrespectful of my sister; said he'd bet she was crosa-eyed, and I sailed in." " Is your tiater &o;£B-eyed!" asked the re porter. "Hain't got no sister," was the reply. "It was the principle o£ the thing what I got licked fox."-I'M Moines Register: 