SPECIALITIES. NOT long ago we were told in a sort of quasipublic manifesto (by the way, what became of it !) that we Queensland serfs are the victims of an oppressive Government that can only be com- pared to that of the G»r in point of absolutism and tyranny. We were not ourselves prepared to admit as much, and even yet are unconscious of the iron heel of the oppressor. Perhaps, however, this is on account of our exalted position aa members of the First Estate (vtrf* Lumley); and it by no means follows that in lower walks of life the despot hand may not li« heavy on itn victims. Even under a Government suoh aa ours there are unfortunately many oppor tunities for the exercise of ministerial tyranny ; and just as Melikoff would assuredly withdraw his custom from a tradesman who would exhibit Nihilist proclamations in his window, so likewise might human nature be expected to act in the breast of a Queensland Minister under similar circumstances—these similar circumstances being the exhibition in a fruiterer's window of a printed paper announcing the date and plaoe of the recent Working Men's Meeting. Now there is a certain fruit shop in town which v patronised by a> certain Minister, and it did happen on a certain day that, as he was about to enter it, his eye was arrested by the proclamation' afore- indicated. To show how little cause there was for a display of political rancour in the ease in question, it is aeoeasary to add that the shopkeeper is an alien, who from inability to read English had not even the ghost of an idea what the proclamation in his window was about. There was no necessity for the discovery that his apples were sour and his bananas rotten, We doubt ii even Melikoff would have deemed the occasion worth making a note of. A magnanimous politician would have passed the matter over with a jaunty laugh, and, reflecting that the custom of a Minister must be worth a small for* tune to the obscure foreigner, would have shown his contempt for moboeraoy by going in and ordering even a larger supply of fruit than usual* TO BK OOVTMUED IK ODB NEXT. [We do not approve of suoh hoaxes as the above, and consider, moreover, that it would be cruelty to the enemies of the present Govern ment to keep them waiting a whole week for the denouement of the story. As the narrator's portion of " our next" is already to hand, we choose to give it in full now. It oonsists simply of the words—"Well; that is exactly what the Minister did."—Ed. Q ] We an very glad to Me, from several of the speeches made on tha oooaaion of Mr. O'Sullivan's motion for steamer paaata to memben, that a> Bill for Payment of Member* would be likely to meet with strenuous and powerful opposition. Whatever may be the general opinion regarding the ptriontul of the present Assembly, we think no one will deny that it might be worse, and we fanoy that ''sugar" Is just the one ingredient that would attract the blow-flies and introduce corruption. Polities when taken " cold without" aredeoidedlylessdeleterions than when taken " hot with." Viewed as a kind of "Relief Work." for the unemployed by profession, the conversion of an M.L.A.-ship into a means of subsistence may oertainly be recommended, more especially as billiard-marking ia now doomed through its superseation by electrical machinery; but, as a means of obtaining men of " light and leading," one might as well attempt to purchase moral qualities at so much a yard. But in voting for Mr. O'Sullivan's motion the majority of the House committed themselves to a principle compared with which the payment of members is a mere flea-bite. It seems a small thing that the country should pay its represen* tatives for work done, compared with the duty now attempted to be laid upon it of educating these gentlemen to perform their functions. The great argument brought forward in favor of the) free steamer-passes was the educational value of coast-travelling to members of Parliament. The; privilege contended for simply amounts to a travelling scholarship of £30 a year or ao ; for which a successful candidature at a political eleo* tion shall be held sufficient qualification. The measure is founded on the widely-ackuowledged principle that seeing ia believing; and, as members should vote according to their beliefs, it is the duty of the country to provido them with the means of seeing. Talk of the thin end of the wedge after that I Is the mental equip, ment necessary for an efficient representative of the people limited to a knowledge of the eco nomic resources of our Pacific coast ? If it bo once admitted that it is our duty to educate our delegates, is it to end there ? Ought it even to begin there ? We pause in alarm before the gulf of expenditure that opens up under our mind's eye, when we contemplate the educational deficiencies of a goodly proportion of our Legislature being fiiled up out of the public treasury. But if this travelling scholarship arrangement is to become un fait accompli, we have a suggestion to make which, if adopted, will treble its educational value. Let them agree upon a date, and let them all go together 1 If this is done, we venture to predict that that voyage will be unparalleled in the aunals of culture. Their education will advance "by leaps and bounds." One noble art at leant will be cultivated to per fection, and the experience of the survivors will form one of the most instructive pages in the history of parliamentary warfare. Diplomact may be defined as the art of making people before that their advantage U beat studied by compliance with your wishes. "Short's your friend, not Codlin," is perhaps aa epigrammatic a formula of a diplomatist's mission as any that can be given. The art is one requiring a long apprenticeship, and, as pre senting an example of how skilfully honorable men may follow tortuous tracks without low of the world's esteem, affords a curious study. But, if the art is carious iv Europe, in the South So* Island* it ii • regular ram 'an. Ram, indeed, is apparently so potent a factor in diplomatic triumphs in these latter regions that the various phases of a S.S political movement may be spoken of as ite ramifications. Germany has j üßt been endeavor* ing to establish a protectorate over the island of Raiatea, and the man-of-war Bismarck went there for the purpose of hoisting the Qerman flag. The Government of the island is monarchical, the authority of the king being tempered by the opinion of the chiefs and qualified by the potency of the particular tipple that may be going at the time. The natives objected to a German protectorate, go the captain of the Bismarck very properly approached the Opposition with the same tactics that certain Government supporters in this colony were ■ceased of employing on important occasions last session. Oar ministerial* however applied their prescription to the tail of the Party, whereas the German diplomatist went straight for the head. He got the king on board and made him drunk. When his majesty had reached the right stage, whioh was manifested by his hiccupping out that he was an orphan and that his royal brother the Emperor William and Bismarck were the only fellows who wouldn't jump on a man because he was black and had not those soft parts of speech which chamberers have—a document waa produced his signature to which was to be the text of eternal good fellowship between himself, William, and Bis* marck. His majesty of course eagerly signed it, and was proceeding to explain that this was no ornery ocoasbn bat in fact the prowst-o'-slife, when he sank under the emotion awakened by this tremendous constitutional change effected in his dominions by a stroke of the pen. Meantime the skipper sent the German flag ashore, had it duly hoisted on a pole, and saluted it with twenty one guns. But he had made the mistake of entirely neglecting to conciliate the aristocracy, who had the mortification of standing dead sober on the beach while the sovereign conducted single* handed a negotiation that so powerfully invited their assistance. If German protection was suoh a one-horse business as this, and the empire could only stand enough liquor to fuddle the king, they would prefer to plaoe themselves under some more hospitable Power; so one of the chiefs forthwith took an axe and cut down the newly-erected flagstaff And now, the natives having applied to be taken under the pro tectorate of France, this island is lost for ever to Germany, the king even having tamed against his whilom friends on the ground that he has had a headache ever sinoe the ceremony on board the Bismarck and believes the liquor-was bad. To anyone possessing a grain of sentiment, Joan of Arc is the most interesting figure in all history. The simple ignorant maid who could so re-animate the spirits of a cowed and beaten army as to make them irresistible, so that in one week after her entry into Orleans the besiegers, acknowledging that this young woman was one too many for them, were compelled to raise the siege and clear out ingloriously, takes the shin* out of all the blustering swagger* Ing heroes from Hector downwards. She was pro bably a blonde with riolet eyes, and that particular description of fluffy golden hair that would make the most arrant coward mount a scaling ladder inflamed with the knowledge that his beautiful young general was looking on. When we re member that she was only nineteen when she first donned that bewitching suit of armour and stole into Orleans to gladden the sinking hearts of its defenders by the witchery of her presence, we are anused that it should hare taken a whole week to satisfactorily thrash the English, whose oommander, Gladesdall, was probably a great hulk* ing ungainly fellow without* singlegraoeor accom plishment. We can fanoy the starveling garrison with this delicious nineteen-year-old blonde at their head marching jauntily out of the city, the band playing some light trois-temp* or sparkling maiurka, and the English archers peering over their trenches, and murmuring to one another in dismay, "Byjove,isn'tshe awfully pretty I What on earth is a fellow to do?" This is the sort of war fare at which it would be almost a pleasure to as •Lit; a sort of cotillon in which woman is pri vileged to inflict humiliation and defeat upon her perplexed and bashful admirers. We were afraid from these tactics having sunk into desuetude for the last 350 years that there was little prospect of their revival in our time at all events, though M all fashions recur in cycles of varying periodicity we knew that sooner or later our present brutal system of war—which may be termed mere butchery, the art in fact of the •tumbles without a single graceful accessory to relieve the disgusting picture—would give place to something more reined and aesthetic. It has been our good fortune, however, to live to witness the change. A new Joan of Arc has arisen, and nations are arming to fight •t her behest Of course in the nineteenth cen twy the old talk of piety, celestial visions, guid ing Toieea, and all the rest of it would be entirely out of place. Piety was probably a judicious l«la for La Pveelle, but in an age so destitute of faith as the present it could hardly be depended on to draw. Kor should we be satisfied with simple rusticity. High civilisation has made ns more artificial) 00 instead of the new champion coming from remote Domremy she hails from the ComeMie Franjtise. Sara Bernhardt has inflamed the minds of her countrymen and prepared then for war. II she leads them •gainst Mete, we tnut that the first shower of bouqueta from the defenders (nay not stay the triumph of her arms. Covered by mttrailtaues keeping up a continual fire of vux-dt-coUgnt. on the city, we have little doubt that she will have wmall trouble in handling out the present holders. Let her beware, however, of being taken. Bis marck would prave probably as stony-hearted as Hie Bishop of Beauvais, and although he would be unKkely «• road her he might take advantage <otf the sentence of a court martial te inflict another sentence equally appropriate to a duck ■—and kiss her, which, as he is sixty-sis, would fraWblj be equally terrible to the divine Sara. 