THE MYSTERY OF SASASSA VALLEY. A SOUTH AI'BICAN STOEX. Do I know why Tom Donahue is called 'Lucky Tom?' YeB, I do; and that is more than one in ten of those who call him so can say. I have knocked about a deal in my time, and seen some strange sights, but nono Btranger than the way in which Tom gained that sobriquet and his fortune with it ; for I was with him at the time. Tell it? Oh, certainly ; but it is a longish story, and tv very strange one ; so fill up your glass again, and light another cigar, while I try to reel it off. Yes ; a very Btrange one — beats some fairy 3tories I havo heard ; but it's true, sir, every word of it. There are men alive at Cape Colony now who'll remember it and confirm what I say. Many a timo has tho talo been told round the fire in Boers' cabins from Orange State to Griqualaud; yes, and out in the bush and at the diamond fields, too. I'm roaghiah now, sir; but I was entered at the Middle Temple once, and stadied for the bar. Tom— worse look I — was one of my feliow- BtndentB ; and a wildiah timo wo had of it, until at laat our finances ran short, and wo were oompelled to give up our so-called studies, and look about for some part of the world wore two young follows with strong arms and sonnd constitutions might make their mark. In thoso days the tide of emi gration had; BOarcely begun to set in toward Afrioa, and bo He thought our best: chance, would be down at Cape. Colony. Woll, to' make a long story short — we Bet sail, and were deposited in Caps Town with lesB than five pounds in our pookets; and there we parted. Wo eaoh. tried .onr hands at many things, and had ups and downs ; bat when, at the end of three years chance led eaoh of ns up-ooanEry.ana we met again, we were, I regret to say, in almost aB bad. a plight aa when- wo Btartod. . Well, thiB was not maoh of a commence, ment ; and very disheartened we were — bo diBlieartened.that Tom spoke of going baok to England and getting a clerkship. For y on' see we didn't know that -we had played out' all our small cards, and that the - trumps wero going to turn up. ' No ; we thought our 'hands' were bad all through.' It was a very lonely part of the oountry that wo wore, in, inhabitod by a fewsoattered farmers, whose housed were Btockadcd and fenocd in to defend them against the Caffres. ' Tom Donahue uud I had a little hat right oat in the bush; but we were known to.poBsesB nothing; and to be bandy with our revolvers, bo . wo had little to, fear. There , we waited, aomg oua jous, ana noping mat Bometmug would turn up. Well, after we had lifeeh there about a month, something did torn, up opon a . certain night — something which was; the' making of both of ns ; and it's about that night, sir, that I'm : going to ; tell you. I remember it well. Tho wind was howling past onr cabin, and the rain threatened to burst in our rude window. Wo had. a great wood fire oraokling aitf spattering on the hearth,. by whioh I- was sitting mending a whip, while Tom was lying in his bank, groaning. disconsolately at. the chance which had led hiin to such a piaoe. ' Ohoer up, Tom, oheor up,' said I. ' No man ever knows what may bo awaiting him.' 'IU luok, ill luck, Jaok,' he answered. 'I always was an unlupky dog. Here have I been three years in thiB abominable coun try ; and I sea lada fresh from England jingling the money in their pooketB, while I am as poor, as whon, I landed., Ah, .Jaok, if yoo want to keep your, head abovo water, old friend, you muat try ypur fortune away , from me.'' . 'Nonsense, Tom;. you're down on,;yonr. luok to-night. Bat, hark 1 Hero's aome one coming outside. : Diok Wharton, by the tread ; he'll rouse you if any man can.' Even as I spoke, tbe door waa flung open, and honest Diok Wharton, with.the water pouring from him, stepped in, hiB hearty red face looming through the ha'zo, like a harvest- moon. He shook himself, and after greeting us, sat down by the fire to warm.himeolf. ' Whereaway, Diok, ,on such a night as this ?' ' said I. ' You'll find tho rheumatism a. worse foe than the Caffres, unless you keep more regular hours.' Diok waa looking unusually serious, almost frightened* one would Bay, if one did not, know the man. ' Had to go,' ho replied — 'had to go. Ono of Madison's cattle was seen straying down Saaassa Vulley, and of 'course hone of our blacks would go down that valley at night ; and if wo bad waited till morning, the brute would have been in Caffraria.' 'Why - wouldn't they go ; down Saaassa Valley ntnightf'? asked Tom. | ' CaffreB, I suppose,' said I. ' Ghosts,' said Dick. We both laughed. 'I Bupposo thoy didn't give such a matter-of-fact fellow as you a sight of thoir charms ?' said Tom, from tbe bunk. 'Yes,' said Diok, Beriously — 'yes; I saw what tho niggers talk about; and I promise you, lads, I don't want ever to Bee it again.' ' Tom eat ud in his bed. ' Nonsense, Dick; you're joking, man. Come, tell us all about it. The legend firBt, and your own experience afterwards. Pass him over tho bottle, Jaok.' ' Well, as to the legend,' began Diok, 'it seems that tho niggers have had it handed down to them that the Sasassa Valley is ? haunted by a frightful fiend. Hunters arid wanderers passing down tho defile havo seen its glowing eye3 under tho shadows of the cliff; and the story goes that whoever has chanced to encounter that baleful' glare has had his after life blighted by the malignant power of this creature. Whether that be true or not,' continued Dick, ruefully, 'I may have on opportunity of judging for myself.' 'Go on, Diok; go on,' cried Tom, ' Let's hear abqut what you saw.' 'Woll, I was groping down tho valley, looking for that cow ot Madison's, and I had, I suppose, got half way down, where a black, craggy cliff jutB into the ravine on tho right, when I halted to have a pull at my flask. I had my eye fixed at tho time upon the projecting oliff I have mentioned, and noticed nothing unusual about; it. I Chen put up my flask and took a step or two forward, when in n moment there burat apparently from tho base of the rock, about eight feet from the ground and a hundred yards from me, a strange lurid glare, flickering and oscillating, gradually dying away, and then . re-appearing again. No, no ; I've Been many a glow-worm and fire fly— nothing of that' sort. There it -was burning away, and I suppose I gazed at it, trembling in every limb, for fully ten minutea. Then I took a Btep forward when instantly it vanished — vanished like a oandlo blown out. I stopped baok again ; bnt it was some timo before I could find the exact spot and position from which it was visible. At last, thero it waa, the weird reddish light, flickering nwoy ns before. Then I Borowod np my oourago, end made for the rook; but tho ground was bo uneven that it was impoasible to Bteer atraiglit; aftd though I walked along tho whole base of the cliff, I could see nothing. Then I made tracks for homo ; and I can tell you, boys, that until yon remarked it, I never know it was raining, the whole way along. — But hallo ! what's the matter with Tom ?' What indeed 1 Tom was now sitting with his lega over the Bide of the bunk, and hiB whole face betraying excitement bo intense as to be almoBt painful. ' The fiend would have two eyes. How many lights did you Bee, Dick ? Speak ont ! ' ' Only one.' . 'Hurrah!' oriod Tom, 'that's better.' Whereupon he kicked the blnnkets into the middle of the room, and began .pacing up and down with long feverish strides. Sud denly he stopped opposite Diok, and laid his hand upon his Bhonlder. ' I say, Dick, could we get to SasosBa Valley before sunrise ?' ' Soarcoly,' Baid Dick. 'Well, look hero; we are old friends, Diok Wharton, you and I. Now don't you tell any other man what you htivo told us for a week. You'll promise that-, won't you?' 'I could see by tho look . on Dick's face aa he acquieaced that he considered poor Tom to bo mad ; and indeed' I was myself completely mystified by his conduct. I had, howover seen bo many proofs of my friend'B good sense and quick ness of apprehension that I thought it quite iposBible that Wharton's Btory had had a meaning in his eyeB whioh I was too obtaso to take in. i All night Tom Donahue waa greatly ex oited, and when Wharton loft, he begged him to remember his promise, and also elicited ,from him a description of the exaot spot at . which he had seen the apparition, aa well as the bonr at whioh it appeared. After his (departure, whioh muat have been about four in the morning, I turned into my bunk, and watahed Tom sitting by the fire splioing two Bticks together, until I fell- asleep, I suppose I muat havo slept about two hours; but when' I awoke, Tom was still Bitting working away in almost the same, position. He bad i fixed the one stiok across the top of the .other bo as to form a rough and was now busy in fitting a smaller stiok into the angle , between them, by manipulating whiob tho oross one oould be either cocked np or de pressed to any extent. He bad cut notobes, too, in the perpondioular stiok, so that, 'by the aid of the smalt prop, the oross one : cpuld be kept in any position for an indefinite time. ! ' Look hore. Jack,' he cried, whenever be saw that I was awake. 'Come and give me your opinion. Suppose I put this cross-stick pointing straight at a thing, .and arranged this small one sb as to keep it eo, and left it, I could find that thing ittgnin if I wanted it ; don't you think I could, Jack— don'b you think so?' he continued, nervously, clutching me by the' arm. 'Well,' I answered, ' it would depend, on how far off tho thing was, and how accurately it was pointed. If it were any distance, I'd out sights on your oross-stick ; then a string tied ? to the end of it, and hold1 in a plumb-line forward, would lead you pretty near what, you wanted. But surely, Tom, you don't intend to localise the ghost in that way ?' ''You'll boo to-night, old friend— you'll see to-night. I'll carry this to the Saaassa Valley. You- got the loan of Madison's crow-bar, and oome with mo ; but mind' you toll no man ? where you are going, or what you want it for.' All day Tom was walking up and down the room, or working bard at the appaxntoB. His eyes were glistening, his oheek heotib, and he had all the symptoms ' of high ' fever. ' Heaven grant that Diok'-s diagnosis be not correct 1'- 1 thought, as I returned with the erow- bar; . and. yet, ns: evening drew near, I found myself ; imperceptibly sharing., the exoitement. About six o'olook Tom sprang to hiB feet and seized hia stioks. 'I oan stand it no longer,- Jack,' be oricd ; ' np with your crow- bar, and hoy for Saaassa Valley 1 To night's work, \my lad, will either mako; us or mar ub. Take your Bix-shooter, in case we meet the OafEies. I daren't take mino, Jaok,' he|oontinued, patting his hands on my shoulders — ' I daren't tako mine ; for if my ill-lack stioks to me to-night, I don't know what I might not do with it.' , Well, having filled our pockets with pro visions, we Bet out, and as wo took our ?wearisome, way towards tho Sasasaa Valley, I frequently attempted to elicit from my companion some clue as to his intentions. But his only answer was : ' Let us hurry on, Jaok. Who knowB how many have huard of Wharton's adventure by thia time I Lot us hurry on, or we may not be first in the field.' \ ' Well, sir, we struggled on through tho hills for a matter of ten miles, till at last, after descending a orag, wo 1 saw opening out in front of us a ravino bo sombre and dark that it might have beon tho gate of Hades itself ; oliffa many hundred foet high shut in on overy side tho gloomy, boulder, studded passage whioh led through tha haunted defile into Caffraria. Tho moon rising above tho crags threw into strong relief the rough, irregular pinnacles of rook by whioh they were topped, while all below was dark as Erebus. ' The. Sasassa Valley?' said I. ' Yes,', said Tom. I looked at him. Ho was oalm now ; the flush, and feverishness had passed away; his actionB were deliberate and slow. Yet thero waB ascertain rigidity in his face and; glitter in his eye which, Bhowed that a crisis had come. We entered the pass, stumbling along; amid the great boulders. Suddenly I heard a short quiok exclamation from Tom. ' That's the orag 1' ho cried, pointing to a , great mass looming before us in the dark ness. ' Now, Jaok, for any favour use your eyes ! We're about a hundred yards from; that cliff, I take it; so you move slowly, towards one side, and I'll do the same to wards the other. When you see anything stop, and oall out. ' Don't take more than ; tivolvo inches in a step, and keep your eye' fixed on tbe oliff about eight feet from the ground. Are yoa ready ?' ' Yes.' I was even more excited than ' Tom by this time. What his intention or' objeot was I oould not conjecture, beyond that he wanted to examine by daylight the part of the cliff from which the light oame. Yet the influence of the romantic situation and of my companion's suppressed excite ment was bo great that I could feel the blood coursing through my veins, and count the pulses throbbing at my temples. ' Start 1' cried Tom; and we moved off, ho to the right, I to tho left, each with our eyes fixed intently on the base of the crag. I had moved perhaps twenty feet, when in a moment it burst upon me. Through '. ttie growing darkness there shone a small inddy : glowing point, the light from which waned and increased, flickered and oscillated, oaoh ohange produoing a more weird effeot than the last, The old Oaffre (superstition came into my mind, and I felt a cold Bhudder pass over me. In my excitement I stepped a pace backward, when instantly the light went ont, leaving utter darkness in its plaoe ; but whenl advanced again, there was the ruddy glare glowing . from the base of the oliff. ' Tom ! Tom I' I oried. ' Ay I ay !' I heard him exolaim, as ho 1 hurried over towards, me, , ... ' ' Thero it is — there, up against the cliff !' Tom was at my elbow. ' I aee nothing,' said he. ' Why, there, there, man, in front of yoh 1' I stepped to tho right aa I spoke, when the light instantly vaniBhod from my eyes. _ But from Tom's ejaculations of delight it was clear . that from tay former position it waB visible to him bIbo. ' Jaok,' he oried, as he tamed and wrung my hand — ' Jack, you and I oan never complain of our, lnok again. Now heap np a few stones where wo are Btanding. That's right. Now we mnat fix my sign-poat firmly in at the top. There 1 It woold take a strong wind to blow that down, and we only need it to hold ont till morning. Oh, Jaok, my boy, to think that only yesterday we were talking of beooming .olerks, .and you saying that no man knew what was awaiting him, too ! By Jove, Jaok, it would moke a good atory !' By thia time we had firmly fixed the . per pendicular stiok in between two large stones ; and Tom bent down and peered .along the horizontal one. For fully a quarter of an hour he was alternately raising and depress ing it, nntif at last, with a sigh of satisfac tion, he fixed the prop into the angle, and stood up. 'Look along, Jaok,' he Baid. ' Yoa have as straight an eye to take a sight as any man I know of.' I looked along. There, beyond the farther sight, was the ruddy scintillating speok, apparently at tho end of the Btick' itself, so accurately had it been adjusted. 'And now, my boy,' said Tom, ' let's havo some supper, and a Bleep. There's nothing more to bo done to-night ; bat we'll need all onr wits and strength to-morrow. Get Bome Bticks, and kindle a fire here, and then we'll be able to keep an eye on our signal post, and see that nothing happens to it during the night.' Well, sir, we kindled a fire, and bad supper, with the SaBassa demon's eye roll ing and glowing in front of ub the whole night through. Not always in the Bame place, though; for after supper, when I glanced along the sights to have another look at it, it was nowhere to be seen. The information, did not, howover, seem to dis turb Tom in any way. Ha merely re marked: 'It's the moon, not the .thing, thatha8 shifted;' and, coiling himself up, went to sleep. By early dawn we were both np, and gazing along our pointer at the oliff; but we oould make out nothing Bavetbe one deac^ monotonous, slaty surface, rougher perhapa at the part 'we were examining than elsewhere, but otherwise presenting nothing remarkable. 'Now for your idea, Jack,' Baid Tom Donahue, unwinding a long, thin cord from round his waist. 'You fasten it, and guide mo while I take the other end.' So saying, he walked off to the base of the cliff, holding one end of tho cord, while I drew the other taut, and wound it round the middle of the horizontal Btiok, passing it through the sight at the end. By this means I could direct Tom to the right or left, until .we had our string stretch ing from the point of attachment, through the sight, and on to the rook,, whioh it Ftrnok about eight feet from the ground. Tom -drew & phalk circle of abont threo feet diameter round the spot, and then ! oalled to mo to-oome and. join him. ' We've : managed thiB bnsineBB together, Jaok,' he said; 'and we'll, find -what we .are to find, together.' The oirole he had drawn em braced a part of .the rook smoother than tho rest, save that about tho oentre there were a i few rough protuberanoes or knobs.. One of theBe Tom pointed i to with a ory of delight. ?It waB a rQUghiBb, brownish maBS about the Bize of a man's closed fiat, and looking like ia bit of dirty glass iet into the wall of the , oliff. ' That's it,' he oriod— ' that's it f' . ' That's what?' ; ' Why, man, a diamond, and suoh-a one as there isn't a monaroh in Europe bat would envy Tom Donahue the possession of. Up with your crow-bar, and we'll soon exeroiae the demon of Sasassa Valley !'' ; J- was so' astounded that for a moment I stood Bpeeohless with surprise, gazing at the. .treasure .whioh .bad bo unexpBotedly fallen into our handB. , ' Here, hand me the crow-bar,' said Tom, 'Now, by using this little round knob whioh projects from the oliff here, as a fulcrum, wo may be able to lever it off. Ycsjtbereit goe3.. I never thought it oould havo come bo easily. Now, Jack, ilie soonor we get back to our hut, and then down to Cape Town,- tho better.' : , Wo wrapped up our treasure, nnd rcado our way acrosa the hills toward home. On the way Tom told me how, while a law Btudont in the Middle Temple, ho had come upon a dusty pamphlet in the library, by one Jans van fiounym, whioh told of. iin experienoo very Bimilat to ours, whioh had befallon that worthy Dutohman in i tho latter part of tho seventeenth century, ! and which resulted' in the discovery of a luminous diamond. This tale it was which had como into Tom's head as ho listened to honest Diok AVharton'a . ghost »tOr j'; while the means whioh he had adopted to verify, his supposition sprang from hia own fertile Irish brain. 'We'll take it down to Cape Town,' continued Tom, 'and if wo can't dispose of it with advantage there, it will be worth out irhile to ship for London with it. Let us go. along to Madison's . first, though, he -knows, something of these things, and can perhaps give us some idea of what wo , may consider a fair price for our treasure.' . We turned off from the track accordingly, before reaching, our' but,' and kept along the narrow path leading to Madison's farm. „ Ho was at lunch when wo entered ; - and in a minute we w'ere seated at eaoh ' » Bide pf .him, enjoying, South African hos pitality, 'Weil,'- he said, after the servants were, gone, '..what's in -the wind now? I see you have something to Bay to me. Whatia it?' Tom produced hia packet, and solemnly ? untied thehandkerchiefs whicb enveloped it. ' There I' he said', patting his crystal on the table; 'what would yon say was a fair price for. that t' ,i Madison took it up and examined it oriti oally. '.Well,' he said, laying, it down again, ' in its crude state, vjabout twelve shillings per ton.' ' Twelve shillings !' oried Tom, storting to his feet. ' Don't yoa sbb what it iB?' ' Book-salt.' 'Book fiddle! — a diamond.' ' Taste it,' said Madison. Tom put it to bis lips, dashed it down with a dreadful exclamation, and rushed out of the room. I felt Bad and disappointed enough myself ; but presently remembering what Tom had Baid about the pistol, I too -left the house, and made for the but, leaving Madison open mouthed with astonishment. When I got in I foand. Tom lying in bis bunk with his faoe ? to the wall, too disspirited apparently to answer my oonaolatioris. Anathematising Diok and Madison, the - SaBaBBa demon, and everything else, I strolled out of the hut, and refreshed my Belf with . a pipe after our wearisome ad venture. ? I was about fifty yards away from the hut, when I heard isauing from it the sound' whioh- of all others I least ex pected to hear. Had it been a groan or an oath, I should have taken it as a matter of oourse; but -the sound which caused me to stop and take the pipe out of my mouth * waB a hearty roar of laughter 1 Next moment Tom emerged from the door, his whole -face radiant with deh'ght. 'Game for another ten-mile walk, old fellow ?' ' What !' for anotber lump of roclj-salt, at twelve Shillings a ton?' ' ''No more'of that, Hal, an' youlovo me/' grinned' Tom.' 'Now, look here, Jack. Whit blessed fools we are, to be so floored by a trifle ! , Just Bit on this stump for five, minuto3, and I'll make it as clear aa daylight. .You' ve seen many a lump of rock-silt StUci in a crag, and so havo I, though we did make such, a mull , of tins one. Now, Jdck, did any of the^iecea you have ever seen shine .in the., darkness brighter than, any fiie^fly ?' ]' W)?U,.Ioan!t say thBy ever did.' . . 1 ? , i - V I'd' 'venturprto prophesy that, if ,we waited until nigut,'w^ob we won't do, we would mb that light Btill glimnieriog among the rocks. Therefore, Jaok, when we .took away this wortbleBB,BB4t,'we took the wrong oryatal. , It is no very strange thing iji.thesa hillSithat, a pieoepf rook-eialt! should; ba. lying, within a foot of a diamond. „ It caught oitr eyes, aud we were excited, and so we made fools, of ourselves, ,and . left the real stone behind. Dbpend upon.it, Jaok, the Sasassa; gem is lying within, that magio oirole oi ; chalk upon the faoe of yonder cliff. Come, old follow, ' ligbt your pipe and stow your revolver, and we'll be off before that fellow Madison has time to put two and two together.' I don't know that I was very sanguine this time. I had begun, in fact, to look upon . the diamond as a most unmitigated nuisance. However, rather than throw a damper, fcn 1 Tom's expectations, I announced myself eager to 'start.' What a walk it was ! Tom was always a' good mountaineer, bat hia exoitement seemed to lend , him wings that day, while I. scrambled alo'ng after, him as best I oonld. When we got within half a mile he broke into the ' double,' and never pulled 'up until he reached tho round white oirole upon the oliff., . Poor old Tom ! when I came up Ms mood had changed, and ,h.e was standing with his hands in bis pockets, gazing yaoantly before him with a rueful' countenahoe ' ' Iiookl' he.aaid— f'looki' and 1m pointed at the .oliffv.'N6t a sign of anything; in thaleast rBBBinblitig a djamond there. The oirole included npthing but fiat, Blate-ooloared Btoiie, jy'itli one large hole, . Habere ws bad ex tracted the robk-salt, and ,finp or two. smaller depreBBionB. . No sign of (fce.gem. : , 'I've been over every inch of it,' said poor Tom. It's not there. Some one has been here and notioad-the ohalk, and takeh .it. Come home, ,. Jaok ; i feel sick an£ tired. Oh 1 nad any njan ever luok like mine l' . ' I tamed to go, but took one last look at the oliff first. Tom was already tenpape'soff. ' Hallo 1' I cried, 'don't you sob any ', change in that oircle since yesterday : . -'What d'ye mean said Tom. 'Don't you miaa a thing that waa thero before?' ' ' Tho rook-ialt 1' Baid Tom. 'No; bnt the little round knob that we ased for a fulcrum. I auppose we muat have wrenohed it off in using the lever. Let's have a lbok at what'it's.made of.' Aeooirdingly, »t; the'fobt of the oliff' we Bearohed about among the loose atones. ' 'Here you are; Jaok! We've done it at lsBt 1 We're made men I' I turned round, and there was Tom radiant with delight, and with a little obrner of black rook in bis band. , At first sight it seemed to be merely a ohip from the oliff ; but near the base' there waa projecting from it an object whioh Tom was now exultingly pointing out. - It looked at first something like a gloss eye ; but there was a depth and.brilliaTioy about it saoh as glass never exhibited, There waa no ' | mistake this time ; we had certainly got I possession of a jewel of great value; and with light hearts we turned from tbe valley, ; bearing away with us the ' fiend' whioh bad so long reigned there. There, air; I've epun'my story ont too long; and tired yoa,; perhaps. You soe, when I got talking of those' rough old days, I kind of ,see_ the little cabin again, and the brook i beside it, and the tuBh around, and seem to ?hflar Tom's honest voioe, once more. ' There's : little for mo to Bay now. We prospered oa i the gem. Tom' ^Donahue, ab jton know,1 baa loot up here, and is Wal kribwa about towi); I 'have .done well; '?fariiiing ''and ostrioh :ralBiiig id Afrioa. We set' old Diok Wharton up in basiaBas, tnd he id one of our noareBt .neighbouM, If you Should ever be coining up our way', sir,; you'll not forget to ask for Jack . Tarnbull— Jack Tnrnbnll ot .SasasBa Farm. ? ? .'-??? - ?? ?? ? PpE-Upj*-^Twp eggB.i well ; beaten; two teacupfulj of, milk, and ilour enough to make a thjn batter firBt mixctpgether . tho flour and '^llk. »moolhly; (Just,, when they ajre ready to go-;intb tho, oven add tha «ggB; beaten very. ligHt ; fill -earthen teaoups, half full: of .the, better, -ith. a small lump of butter on , the top ;. place tho blips' on a dripping-pan,^^, bake Jn a Jfpt oven. They' aw to lie^^n.plfih bu,tter' and Jaugar, or BWeeb *auoB, I 