Brevities. BY ARGUS. A chiel's araang ye takin' notes • And, faith, he'll prent 'em. Professor Pepper's ghost Is moving about. RU going to the exhibition ? Hard to beat—An old carpet. A floral swell—The dande-lion. Something gnu—A horned horse. Do ships on speaking terms lie-to ? Men sow their -wild oats; women sew tares. An undertaker gets a living where another man dies. A man named his dog Penny, because it was one sent to him. The man that does you an injury will never forgive you. , „ .. . There were 977 Agrarian outrages in Ireland in 1879. The production of gold has decreased 44 per cent, during the past 30 years. The number of wolves in France is estimated at over 5,000. Why is a horse like a sugar stick? The more you lick it the faster it goes. There are 30,003,000 hogs in the United States. My! The Dijon mustard has a piquancy not found in any other mustard. The gay sparks of Burmese society affect red umbrellas. Beds and pillows of roses were common -with the early Greeks and Romans. Canaries in warm, gas-lighted rooms are very apt to sicken and die prematurely. At Moscow the wholesale trade is. almost all in the hands of Germans. The yield of this year's harvest of tea in India .is estimated at 70,Q0Q,Q00 lbs. . German emigration reached enormous proportions last year. The ordinary strength of an elephant is calculated as equal to that of 147 men. Quassia water is a protection to peach trees against insect blight. The capital invested in sugar refining In England amounts to £3,500,000 An advertisement is going the rounds for "a saddle horse for a lady of about 950 pounds." '" The quantity of opinm annually imported into China from the East ia 80,000 chests. A philosopher says, ' 'You require in marriage precisely the same quality that you do in eating sausages—confidence." The tonnage of the shipping of the British Empire is about '58. per cent. - of the . whole tonnage of the world. : • California, with less than 1,000,000 people \- is almost as larga as France with 36,000,000. „ — . The four great coffee producing countries in * the world are Brazil, Ceylon, Java, and Sumatra. A few weeks ago a salmon weighing 64 lbs. waa captured in the Tay. It was sold at 3s. a pound, and fetched £9 12s. Posthumous charities are the essence of selfishness—a man gives when h« can't keep. Silk handkerchiefs should be washed with borax in tepid water, with little or no soap. Iron them before dry. There are 15,000 factories in the Russian Empire, producing goods to the value of £65,000,000 a year. Charles Lamb remarked of one of his critics— "The more I think of him, the less I think of him." An American inventor has succeeded in making a very good, light, fine leather from sheep's stomachs. Bonsilate is the name given to a composition now being used in America as a anbsti- \- tute for ivory, hard woods, and the like. There are 7,200,000 watch glasses sold annually in the United States. Most of these are imported from England. Artemus Ward once begun a lecture by saying, " Ladies and females, I possess a gigantic intellect, but I haven't it with me." Some females have been arrested in Kentucky for the manufacture of illicit whisky. This is the first recorded instance of women keeping still. If the deacon will pass the eontributionboxes around on the side walks, they will scatter the crowds of loafing yonng men who stand in front of churches. Yonng ladies who want to have small mouths are advised to repeat the following:— " Fan^y Finch fried five floundering frogs for Francis Fowler's father." During 1878 no less than 2,893,468 lbs. of fresh salmon and 3,327,400 lbs. of canned salmon were escorted from Canada. The Liverpool Museum has juat been presented with a crab from the Japanese seas which measures 11 feet from tip to tip of claws. In China pigs an harnessed to small waggons, and made to draw them, as the Germans use .dogs in their large cities and villages to draw light freights. During the year ended April 1, 1880, the total sales of champagne in France on home and foreign account amounted to 30,760,493 bottles. An Irishman, who stood for a long time looking at a ship's anchor, on being ordered away said, " Divil a bit will I move till I see the man that's going to use that pick." A little girl, who heard her mother say of her father, who was quite .bald, that he was a self-made man, asked her, if her father was a self-made man, wby he didn't put more hair on bis head. An advertisement in a New York paper , says:—". Parties absenting themselves \- from the city oan have their silver taken from their residences during their absence." A little girl, aged three, went to church lately to see a christening. On her return, when she waa. asked what she thought of jthe baby, she replied :—" It was a good baby, it didn't cry when tha man washed its head." 