ALES, ETC. HOY G*BBIEN. A TALE OF IRISH LIFE. CHAPTER XXXVIII.—[Continued.) BY MELUSHTE. ME. GILMARTIN would have felt more miserable than, he did had he known the words that were passing through Moy's brain, but there was perfect silence between them for p. few minutes. Mr. Gilmartin still had his head bowed. Presently he said, "Moy, I feel so overwhelmed by what I have heard from Mr. Davoren, and now from you, I begin to wonder if I ought to trust to my own judgment, or ask the advice of some one whom we both respect. What would Father Fitzgerald say V' "He would say just what your own conscience says," replied Mov, without a moment's hesitation. "Keep your promise. What has Shakspeare written of a good man ? His words are bonds." "I am not a good man. I have felt like a fieud or a devil lately." "You are a good man," said Moy, with the calmness of perfect conviction.. "I was a selfish brute till I met you," he returned, "what is the inference? I shall become one again if we part! Moy look at me," and he raised his head,. " surely all the torture I have gone through lately has left some impression on my face ? Would you have it lined deeper still? I tell you I cannot give you up." "If you were to act in that spirit," said Moy, " we would neither of us ever be really happy again. You would have ceased to respect yourself, and I " she hssitated at the words, *' and I should have ceased to respect you," and before she could finish the sentence he interrupted her quickly. "I cannot tell how it may happen," he said, "for you are right as usual. It must not be by any word of mine; but I think there is happiness in store for us yet." "Yes," said Moy softly, " I am sure of that, no one ever did their duty humbly in this world withont being happy." Mr. Giluiai'tin rather impatiently withdrew his arms from the chimneypiece, and walked up and down the room as he said, " Moy, you know what I meanthat we are not bidding each other an eternal farewell!" " You must go now," she said. " I know I shall hear of you often, and always what is good. You will think of Ireland, and work for Ireland." " Yes," he answered in a low voice, " but are we to part thus ? As strangers part, or the merest acquaintances. Am I not even to kiss the brow of a woman I love as 1 love you." "You must not speak so," Baid Moy, trembling. "When next we meet as friends let us not have any thing" to look back to with regret." "With regret!" he cried, with scorn, " Moy I have been mistaken—you never loved me!" She did not contradict him. "Goodbye," she said, but it seemed as if their hands would never unclasp. At last shlj drew hers away, She could endure no more. She felt that if he staid another moment she would throw her arms round his neck and make him unsay his . last words. For, whatever might be his thoughts on the subject, to her it was an eternal farewell. She supported herself by the chimneypiece till Mr. Gilmartin had left the house, and then she sank down again in the arm chair, and for the second time in her life fainted away. CHAPTER XXXIX. Thrice blest whose lives are faithful prayers. Whose loves in higher love endure; What souls possess themselves so pure; Or is there blessedness likB theirs ? —Tennyson's In Memoriam. MOT was still quite alone when she recovered consciousness. She sat quiet for a moment or two, and then she went and poured some water from one of the flower glasses over her hands, and this revived her; Presently she 'rang for Kitty to finish putting the flowers in for her, and then she went tip to her own room' and shed many, many tears. "The poor darlint!" said Kitty to herself, as she crammed the -flowers into the vases somewhat mote hastily than usual. "Sore ! Mr; Gilmattin adores the -very ground she-treade on, wad*what I thin tiati make them- two soi «&d; ? She i as pale as these snowdrops, 'and he (laving 1 the house with that - throubl&d; "ook on his face—for all the world dike vhat Tim was the other day whih t was g him, and flayingmebbe I'd change ' mind ! Perhaps Miss' Moy has been • saying • No,' and now is sorry; but i God itll all come right for them some day, for she'll not flnda better husband, nor he a sweeter wife in all Ireland." When Moy and her grandfather were in the drawing-room together after luncheon, she asked him to fix a day soon for their journey to Dublin. "But, my dear," said he, "you have not.returned half the kind visits you owe." "I think, then, they must wait, dear grandpapa, for I long to go away." "It' s strange to hear you longing to leave Ballyvorna," said the old man, with a kind smile. " However, darling, we will go to-morrow or the next day, if you can get ready. You can write to Mrs. Fitzgerald to-day if you like." Moy was touched by his kind readiness to please her, and she sat down to her desk and wrote the letter at once. About the same time Miss Wentworth was coming into Ballyvorna. She drew up the ponies at the inn door, while the groom left a note addressed to '' Denis Gilmartin, Esq." That gentleman was stretched upon a sofa upstairs, his handkerchief thrown lightly across his eyes, but he was not asleep—he was thinking. On the table near him lay English and Irish papers and magazines untouched. He had spent the greater part of the morning lying there with closed eyes, reviewing the past. He found he could not think about the future. A future without Moy O'Brien seemed too terrible a blank. Bitterly he was reproaching him self. He called himself thoughtless, selfish, weak. He thought of Miss Wentworth, of her noble devotion to whatever she considered her duty, of her unselfishness, of her tried and true friendship for himself in the old days—long before he had seen Moy O'Brien; and then he almost blushed to think that to such a woman, so worthy of a life-long devotion, he had dared to offer but half a heart. These reflections were interrupted by the entrance of the son of one of bis tenants—a tall youth, whom he was training for a household servant. James M'Garvey brought his master the note Miss Wentworth had j ust left at the inn. Mr. Gilmartin was not surprised. He heard from Miss Wentworth now and then, though only a few miles of country separated them ; but he was startled when he opened the envelope and read— " DEAK DENIS—(not ' my dear' as of old)—When I leave this note I shall be on my way to Miss O'Brien's. We are going together to see somehumble friends of hers, and we hope to return about half-past four or five. Will you please meet me at Mr. O'Brien's ? Believe me, your sincere friend, " ALICE WENTWORTH." " She has found out about the letter," said Mr. Gilmartin, under his breath. " Moy, my darling, I said we should not be separated." That was his first thought. When Miss Wentworth was announced at the O'Briens she saw that Moy had been crying, and that sad little white face, with the eyelids slightly swollen, nerved her for her task more than anything else could have done. As for Moy, she hardly dared glance at her companion. She felt as if Miss Wentworth would surely read everything if their eyes met. So she hurried away and put on her hat, and soon the two ladies were walking down the road where, on that sunny morning, long, long ago, there bad been that glad meeting between Moy and Mr. Gilmartin. It was not sunny now. The sky was cloudy and the air heavy. The weather, indeed, seemed in unison with poor Moy's sad heart. Miss Wentworth seemed inclined to do most of the talking herself, rather an unusual thing for her ; and, for a reserved Englishwoman, she was today wonderfully frank about her own life and pursuits at home, both in London and in the country. She told Moy of her many interests and duties. She spoke of the lectures she attended on literature, science, and art; of the immense acquaintance she had in London, and all the work she did amongst the poor. "This is an «xtra holiday I have been tbking," she added. "I generally only leave town after • August has begun, and return to it in January or February. I must make up fot this holiday, and spend some '-of the autumn with my -poor pet>ple^-that Is the dullest time for them, I think. They are longing so to get away from the dusty streets to the green fields, but no holiday comes for them. Then, when I go down to the country, I have all my poor people to look after ; add, oh! our home Is 1 such a lovely,'dear old plaee!" " •'' v • Moy had never seen her look so tender, 1 so womanly,'as she described her grand' dd home, kept in such perfect repair— tiie magnificent trees, the rookery, the two lodges and the did people that kept Ihem; then, beyond the park walls, the hawthorn hedges, the-village green,-the row of almshouses with their tidy gardens, the inn where Tennyson had onoe put up, the river that Wordsworth 1 had written a poem about! Moy was carried away from her own sad thoughts, and thoroughly interested in the scenes which Miss Wentworth described so well that they rose like pictures before her. "What a happy life you must lead," she said at last, but without the least ghost of an envious thought. " Yes," said Miss t Wentworth, with a sigh ; " and it is a life full of work. Of course, we have plenty of amusements, too, for we constantly have the house full—but what with Dorcas' meetings, and mothers' meetings, and the schools on Sundays and week days, I have not much time to worry myself over sad thoughts." Moy wondered to herself had Miss Wentworth any sad thoughts? Could she, who seemed so richly blessed in every way, have room for despondency in her life ? For the first time their eyes met, and Miss Wentworth seemed to read th expression in Moy's. "Yes," she said, "I am often sad about- the evils of English life. You think the different classes are separated here, but it is nothing to what it is in England. I speak from my own experience. Here there is no one I have met, however poor and ragged, who has not had Buch natural courtesy of manner that I could speak to them without disgust ; but the coarseness and brutality of the same class with us is simply revolting ; and I blame the higher classes for a g.reat deal of this. Now, I will give you an idea of what I mean. We are a small family, only my. brother and myself. He has never married, so my mother and I still have our old homes, and there is a Dower house for us when we like to go to it. We are well enough off to do what is right on the property (what ought to be done on every property) without making any sacrifices, so no thanks to us; but there are neighbours of ours, members of the nobility, who have large families, the sons all live like noblemen, belong to expensive clubs, are never denied anything; the daughters the same, each girl has her own saddle horse, and they have a pony carriage between every two of them. Well, the labourers on such estates live like pigs, in houses too small to hold them, and with unmended roofs and wretched surroundings. They are course and brutal, and who can wonder at it ? Now, if the nobleman I have mentioned, and there are many like him, was to put down his four-horse drag only for a few years, he could rebuild every cottage on the estate, and I say there should be a law to make them do it. If we have a law which compels the poor children to come to school, though by staying away they can earn an honest living, there ought to be a law to make the rich house their people like human beings. Of course, there are other things I want to see altered in England," she oontinued with a sigh, " but I have told you enough to show what a busy li fe I lead, and I should only tire you if I were to go on." " Oh, no, no," said Moy, earnestly. " You don : t know how much you have interested me; but here we are at the little farm I was telling you about." It was one of Mr. Hackney's tenants who lived there, a poor woman, whose husband was dead ; but one of her sons now managed the land for her, and another in America was constantly sending her a portion of his earnings. She bad one little daughter, a great artist in lace, whom Moy had helped with many old patterns and useful hints of different kinds. " Come in, ladies," said the mother, curtseying low, as Moy said she had brought a friend of hers—a kind English lady—to see her. Moy spoke even more distinctly than usual, for she knew the woman would have too much tact to say anythingunpleasantto her visitor, but she might have applied some rather strong adjective to the "Saxon" in connection with Mr. Hackney had she been ignorant of the country to which Miss Wentworth belonged. She curtseyed again as Moy spoke, with, perhaps, a trifle more of dignity in her manner, as she said: "It's proud I am to welcome any friend of Miss O'Brien's under my roof, for it's she that's been kind to the widdy and the orphan." Just then Miss Wentworth saw a likeness of Emmett pinned up against the wall, and glad to find immediately some pleasant subject of conversation, she said, half to Moy, " How beautifully Washington Irvine wrote about poor mmett. I was reading it only the J ither day. < So young? he says, '.so ntelligent, so generourf, so brave, so verything that wb ,are apt to likein a bung man.'". " ' Iliave it jjl Kere, my lady," Baid rs. .Farren brightly; "my son in Amerikey sent me the book." * She took it down from a shelf and dusted it, and it opened ' at what was evidently a favourite passage. She handed the book o Miss Wentworth. " Sure I'd like to hear you read it, if ifs plasing to you, my lady." So Miss Wentworth, with her distinct intonation, read the remainder of the sentence— " His conduct under trial, too, was so lofty and intrepid. The noble indigna-' tion with which: he repelled the charge of treason against. his country, the eloquent vindication of his name, and his pathetic appeal to posterity in the hopeless hour of condemnation—all these entered deeply into every generous bosom, and even his enemies lamented the stern policy that dictated his execution." Miss Wentworth began the next sentence— "Buttherewasone heart whose anguish it would be impossible to describe." Her voice faltered, and she closed the book, saying, as she did so, " Your very history is poetry, down even to the other day." Mrs. Farren suddenly raised Miss Wentworth's hand to her lips and kissed it. " Thank you, my lady," she said. " I'll always think better of the English for your sake ; though I've had a son in prison for the part he took in the Fenian rising. But, thanks be to God, he's doing right well in Amerikey now." Moy having taken up the book and gone on reading from where Miss Wentworth left off, was almost unconscious of this little scene being enacted before her. But blinding tears were in her eyes. She would hardly have seen her companions, for this was what she read.— "In happier days and fairer fortunes he had won the affections of a beautiful and interesting girl, the daughter of a late celebrated Irish barrister. She loved him with the disinterested fervour of a woman's first and early love. When every worldly maxim arrayed itself against him, when blasted in fortune and disgrace, and danger darkened around his name, she loved him the more ardently for his very sufferings. If, then, his fate could awaken the sympathy of his fops, what must have been the agony of her whose whole soul was occupied by' his image! Let those tell who have had the portals of the tomb suddenly closed between them and the being they most loved on earth—who have sat at its threshold, as one shut out in a cold and lonely world, whence all that was most lovely and loving had departed." Miss Wentworth, as Bhe looked over little Mary Farren's lace, some of which she bought, glanced now and then rather anxiously at Moy, and the moment she saw the book laid down, she rose to take leave. Both to Moy and„'to herself those words about Emmett had been all too trying. From Mrs. Farren's the two ladies went on to the house where the poor girl lived whom Moy so often went to read to. They found her up and sitting in the deep window-seat, with some rather hard bundles of clothes supporting her back. She suffered from spinal complaint, and Moy had herself made two soft cushions for the invalid, so she was distressed to miss them nofr, and the girl's mother eagerly explained that a very near neighbour had been taken ill, and cotild not rest for a bad headache, so the pillows had been lent to her by the invalid herself. Miss Wentworth was distressed to see the look of suffering on the girl's thin face, and she asked if different things had been done for her, and at last if the doctor attending on her was considered clever. "Oh, yes, my lady," said the mother, "he's a moighty clever man. Sure, its hlsself that drew my husband's back tooth that had tazed ivery boy in the village wid trying to pull it, and not wan inch, would it come till Dr. Flinn walked up, and, ' Mick,' sez he, ' jest let me put this in yer mouth,' sez he. ' The saints presarve us,' sez I,' if his head doesn't kim off.' For, my lady, I sees the instruments of torture. Bat wid that out kim Mick's tooth,. just nate like, and Mick that quiet that he niver said so 'much as ' musha' at all, at all." .rf! Miss Wentworth, turning away to faldS" a smile, noticed suspended from a string some curious rings of stone. "May I look at these ourious things nearer ?" she asked, and Moy took,-them down and handed them to her: While the sick girl said,: "Oh, father calls those fairyringa. .We have found them now and again in a mountain stream ear here." Miss Wentworth looked wexceedinghr interested "Why," she said toiMoy, they are like the whorlawhrolv Dr. Schliemann fohnd iutherninsof Troyji Look, Miss O'Brien, - at these devices upon ihem." .: ..... \» fTobe continued. J '•:'• . '> LOBS Fauras OSBDBUB. brothel ofctheDaice: of Leeds. hM declared himself to jbe a Home'-; Baler, and ready, to eome fog^ard as a candidate for Limerick City at the next; -general eleotion. He is a eanvert tq OathoQoity " u advocate ol temperance. ~ " 