ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN ON THE EDUCATION QUESTION. The new Catholic schools of St. James's, at Forest Lodge, were opened yesterday, being Palm Sunday by His Grace Archhishop Vaughan. A procession of school children paraded the streets during the day and shortly, before 4 o'clock in the afternoon a meeting was held in the schools. His Grace was accompanied on the platform by a number of the Catholic clergy and laity, the former including the Very Rev. Deans Dwyer aud O'Brien, and Revs. Fleming, M'Gratb, Fitzpatrick, McCarthy, and Pollard. The school was profusely decorated with fiags, mottoes, and evergreens, and it was filled by a densely packed audience, some persons being unable to gam admission. The dimensions of the building, which was commenced in October last, are llu feet l>y 80 feet, und it is divided into nu upper and lower storey, the former of which is intended for girls, aud the latter for boys. Mr. Joltu Kirkpatrick is the architect, nnd Messrs. Gayuey uud Evans are the contractors, the contract price being £1700. The total accommodation provided is for 1500 childreu. . A framed and illuminated address was presented to his Grace, on behalf of the Romau Catholic laity residing in the pnrish of St. James's, Forest Lodge, .by Mr. M'Cnrthy. It was worded us tollows : — " To the most Reverend Roger Bede Vauglmn, Archbishop of Sydney aud Metropolitan. May it please your Grace. At a time when the enemies of our Church and our holy faith arc confessedly using every endeavour to corrupt the faith and morals of Catholic children, aud to coimuco the world that they do so with the tacit approval of the Catholic laity of New South "Wales, wo tho Catholic laity re siding in the parish of St. James, Forest Lodge, respectfully approach your Grace and congratulate you upou the completion of a school to which we can in couscience send our children, ond to tender you onr warmest thanks for tbe signal services you have reudercd since your ar rival in this colony, but more especially during the past few months, iu behalf of "Catholic education. Although we are able to place nu accu rate estimate on tbe value of the threats and abuse of baffled politicians, yet we cauuot but sympathise with your Grace in the anxiety with which recent events must have tilled your heart. Trusting that God Almighty will strengthen your Grace and your devoted children in endeavouring to render unto God the things that arc God's aud unto Ctesar the things that are Cupar's, we have the honour to sub scribe ourselves your Grace's united children in Christ.— -Signed on behalf of the laity of the parish of St. James's, Forest Lodge Here follow the signa tures of eight of the laity J. The reading of this aodrcss was received with cheers, after which one of the boys attending the school read the following address ou . behalf of the school children To the Most Revereud Roger Bede Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney and metropoli tan, the children of St. James's Christian Doctrine Confraternity most respectfully desire to express, with deepest feelings of love bur grateful sense of your unvarying kindness nnd solicitude for our spiritual and temporal welfare. Words arc inade quate to convey to your Grace the sentiments which poshes our minds when we thiuk how indefa- tigably you strive to procure for us the means of impluutiug in our miuds, in iudelible letters, the truths of our holy religion, the principles of which cannot be effaced by time, as they far surpass tho pomp aud glory of this vain world. We most sincerely hoped that by God's holy grace we shall always prove, by our attention aud submission to those jndicously nppointed to take chargo of us in tho sebpoi opened by your Grace ou this memorable day, that your labours have not been in vain. Trusting tbnt God in His infinite goodness may long spnre you ia the exalted position in which iu His wisdom He has placed you,— We remain, Tc." (Applause.) In reply the Ahchuisuop, who was greeted with cheers, said : — My dear friends, Catholic laity of this district of Forest Lodge, and dear children,— I thank you very much for your kindness in presenting me with these nd- dresses, and for the words of sympathy, that are ex pressed iu thuui in my regard. There in always a pleasure in battling in a good cause, audifl-dogeta few knocks and blows, I dare say I know how to give a few. back again ia a friendly way. i do not think any man ought to enter into any kind of contest who docs not l;uow how— as. 1 was told when I leui nt to defend myself as a hoy— to take punishment kindly.. Well, we havo progressed steadily with those handsome schools' from the day tho fouudation-stone was laid till this day, when the whole thing is substantially prepared for carrying out the object for which it has been built. I think we have also made some pro gress with the education question — I mean avo haye laid down the lines of Catholic teaching in the Joint Pastoral letter, nnd upon those lines wo have worked, and shall continue to work to the end. I look upon that document— we- nil look upon it — as a guide, teaching us how Catholic education is to be conducted in the future, Then we have in great measure cleared the Public schools of Catholic children, and as time goes on those schools will be still more clear of them. Next, the Catholic spirit is thoroughly aroused, and even those who had their fears at fii et lest, as they say at sea, I was carrying too much sail, ure now thoroughly convinced that the right tiling lias been (lone, .and that it required a good shaking to rouso some people up to a Rennc of tho danger of secularist education to the Catholic faith of the future. I do not boliovo that the Catholic body has ever been more thoroughly in earnest than it is at present. The whole question of secularist education in its relation to Catholic children has been assiduously ventilated, and we know now, onco and for ever, what our bouuden duty is. "We have, in one word, saved the faith ; and we have dono so at a -very sumll expense, compared with tho inestimable treasure we have scoured. Wo have lost our fair and honest share of State-aid for our schools — at least for some time to come— but wo have pre served our religion. We would ten thousand times prefer to bo deprived of our money aud to keep the faith, than gradually to loso tho faith and pocket the money. What wo loso is a cheap price to pay for perpetuating tho true religion, nnd he Who begrudges to pay the price cannot have a very high esteem for the article. Some may think wo could have kept both. Well, perhaps wc might, but it would have only been for a few years at most, and during that time the faith of Uic children would have been weakening, and, in tho end, when tho st ruggle really did come, we should have had a set of poor, half-hearted, timid creatures to meet tho difficulty with. The joint Pastoral was not one day too soon — indeed, many have told me it was more than ten years too late ; whatever bo the case, it is an accomplished fact now, and as such wo have to deal with it. Now, I propose this evening to say n fow words touching the first sentence in the laity's address. You begin by saying that " Tho enemies of our holy faith are confessedly using every endeavour to corrupt the faith and morals of Catholic children.' I think there is a very important fact connected with the way in which wc are treated by our opponents which has not received as much attention as it dcecrvcs. I want to bring this out thisevening, so that wc may know how best to conduct ourselves in tho difficulties amongst which we are thrown. I believe we aro somewhat apt to undcr-ostimatc tho sincorlty of our opponents in their opposition to us. If a man is merely playing a game with you, it is a comparatively easy thing to bring him to grief; but it he ia really and genuinely in earnest, then the case becomes far more serious, and far more difficult. Myself I bclievo that the majority of our opponents are thoroughly in earnest, and feci, and are possessed by, a dislike, or, if I must say the word out, a conscientious hatred, of our religion, which shorvs itself almost nt every turn, wuen any fair occasion offora. If you will allow me, I will explain how it is that I am led to this belief. "When I was a youth, of about 17 years of ago, .1 happened to go over by steam pneket from Soutbtunp- ton to Cherbourg, to' ago the great fortifications tho French were building there. Onboard the steamer wore two inen sent out by tho underwriters at Lloyd's to cxauiiuo into the case of a big iron steamer that foundered at sea, and that was supposed to have been scuttled for the sake of the insurances. There were also two French priosts on board, iu their long sou- tones and broad-brimmed clerical hats. Tho two Englishmen, evidently, had never seen a French priest before, nnd they eyed these two padres with inquisi- tivo curiosity. One of tho clergymen— a most venerable old man— was saying his Breviary nt the time I speak of, and the otheiywaa walking up.. and down the deck near him. One of tlieso Lloyd's men— and you must pardon his grammnr aud his. iiuporti- nence — pointing out the priest who was saying bia office to his companion, exclaimed Good-loraish days, Bill, if that there old covoy 'alnt a leading of his Bible in two or three places at wohsb I" His companion made no reply, but went up to tho captain and asked him confidentially — "Who bo them two queer-looking Turks yonder?" The oaptnin said they were two French Romau Catholic clergymen, who were returning home aftcra visit to some friendn at Oxford. Armed with this startling piece of intelli gence, this Bill went up to his companion, who was still watching the French priests, and. pointing deliberately towards them, exclaimed— " Them's tho cuss of tho country !" Now, I found that neither of theso lively countrymen of mine— and thoy wore ex cessively smart in everything else — had ever . spoken to a Catholic priest in his life; still, they were both absolutely possessed by the notion— with ull tho ppwor of a first principle— that Catholic priests were mouslors, uud that tho Catholic religion was a huso and idiotic superstition, by means of whioh those sumo priests kept the people in abject slavery. All my protests, and all my reasoning, hud not the slightest effect. Nor was I listened to when I declared that I had known priests all my life long moat intimately, and that I hud found them just the very reverse of what they h:ul been described. The impression made upon mo by the earnest sincerity of those two really intel ligent men, whom I knew to be absolutely and em phatically in tho wrong in everything thoy said, isaa strong upon me at this hour as it was on that day. And I believe they represent a very large class in deed. Take Sydney, to cowq to tho point nnd nearer home ; I lielicvc that a large majority of tho middlo class, as they are called at home, and of the lower iniddfo class, indeed down to, and including, the lowest, are sincerely per suaded, and really , do believe, that tho Catholio system is a miserable superstition, and wholly unfit for the religion of an enlightened age ; that it is a great national drawback, and tliat tho less they have to do with tho priests the better. They shrink from us and from our religion with a genuine recoil, and would feel much relieved if, without doing an injus tice, all tbo priests and Bishops of the Catholic Church in this colony could be cleared out of the place to-morrow morning ; nnd I am not at all suro that thoy would not present mc with a flattering address if I promised to bejid the party and guarantee that no successor should bo appointed to Jill my place. I do not say that these people could , not get correct information about us, if they took tho pa\ns to do so. I nm not saving what could bo the caso, but what actually is the case. I say that I uohcyo our religion is hated because it is held to bo worthy of a deep, a profound dislike; and, I bqlivv&" . that the shadows of this feeling towards our voliuioa fall upou us who profess it. I look upon tis acadl weight of, what I may call Frostest'int publnyopipiorv , ' 1 against us, ns a great difficulty, nnd one wo. should; ' understand and face. Now I will proceed onfr- slep further. Look at the Anglican Chiffch it tbil "colony.' It W find, I <nppOtfJ, ( the mo't powerful by far. of :i.\\\ the ftanotaina- ; tSonF. Thin r»ev/ J/infnUon i>i ii Mrike a tr<r j heavier blow at it r.s. And tni-? itv hqivrrs j know; and, yet, In it notljf;&n; frnT-n'uig /foui what doctors call "general debility " during this crisis we have l>een pacing through? How ls it that the Anglicans have not made any way in opposing the passing of the Public Instruction Bill ? Look here. The public mind reasons, not like an educated philo sopher, but in its otvn peculiar way, I believe that this "debility" proceeds from a slight touch of what ' I may call the Horn an fever. True, the head of that Church has periodically denounced the Catholic Church; and anathematised itas a conscientious doty; and I, on the other hand, make no disguise that in tellectually I regard the Anglican system a» the rednctio Qtl absurdum of all that is illogical and un tenable, Still, how docs the public inind reason It does not look to words much, or professions, or logical conclusions ; it looka at broad facts as they lie lI| ris win', and are spread out before its e,yc. It says, Jt is all very well talking, but what is a bishop with metropolitan titles, with cathedrals, and canons, und vicars-general, nnd deans, and synods, and sacraments, nnd the rest ; is not this something very like 1 Popery ' ? In point of fact the heads of both these Churches arc tarred with, the same brush. In . England some of the parsons say mass and go to confession. Who knows if Borne of them do not do the same on the sly here i ' /-he public mind Is inclined to look upon the Anglican Church as 11 Popery" made easy, or _ " Romanism reduced to n shadow. And as the British public do not like the look even of the ghost or shadow of " Romanism," they cotno to the conclusion that the boat thing is to do away gradually, if it cannot be done speedily, with both substance and shadow. Of 'course- 1 may not rend the public mind aright, but I feel much inclined to believe tiiat 1 am not very far from the mark, nnd that the tendency is to do away with bishops and priests and sacrament#, and, in fact, with all the machinery which ia necessary for the ex istence of Churches organised on the hierarchical principle. Now. granted that this be the case, how can these two Churches be got rid of? Surely by getting hold of the rising generation, and freeing them as much as pa-dhlo from the influences of these two Churches. I believe that this feeling in the public mind is one explanation of the strong feeling there is in favour of Public schools. But there is another cause at work. It is showing itaolf over the whole Christian world, and it con sists iu the melting away of dogmatic faith, and in consequence of personal piety. Now let us come to the point. Take the rulers of our various colonies —take a Cabinet with its Ministers — I take for grancoiJ, or course, inacour pre«uuu «.««» «" tho' '-Minis let's — go to church twice every .Sunday; but take the generality of ordinary Cabinets und Ministers, 1 shrewdly guess that; take them us :t body, they arc far more like the buttresses of the church to which they are ftaid to belong than like the pillars. You ask what I mean. Well, I will tell you if you will promise to keep it a profound secret, as the Americans do, by asking you a question in return. j)id you ever, in all your life, see a buttress insido a church ? If 1 happen to he returned for Canterbury at the"' next general election, I. mean to ask two questions in the House. I shall got a list of all those members who voted for the Education Bill, and ahall ask for a return of how often each of them went to church during the last twelve months ; and then I filial! ask what they did with them.-cl ves when they got there. I will - tell you why I shall aak thisr— because I made a curious discovery when I waiva boy. I will explain. I suppose I had rather a stifl! imagination in those days, for I remember I was ;veiy much puzzled as to what people did ; in their Protestant churches on Sundays. I remember going into Wolfih Bicknor Church,- and as 1 saw there \yas . no nltair, no tabernacle; and no possibility of Baying! -mass there,.! wondered how people got in; I'rccoi-j loot, however, Ja large glaring pninting-of thc liou and j the unicorn, and I harfa vague notion, that those two' creatures were tho patron saints of .the pariah.-: Ajiy- liow, I was so much puzzled that 1 asked. a relation ; of mine—and .not a very distant ! one—who was a5 Protestant, what he did when ho went:. to church V " I don't know what you do," he replied, but I : always look into my bat and count fifteen.'' Having 1 completed these elaborate devotions, he thought he had fulfilled his obligations for the clay. Now, I say .there is a growing class of such men as thoso, who do; not know; what it is to say a prayer. They form a 'distinct aud separate class, and they are steadily. 011 ! . tho- increase. Again, there is auothor, and a growing class tooj of SvcH-dresned, respectable men who go to church ;but if, to use a colonial expression, yon "stuck tbcm up " on coming out, and asked' them if tho three persons in the Trinity were equal,' or if Christ wctu as much God as the Almighty Father, they would look at you as if you were puzzling them with a conundrum, or put you off asji refiner in theology. And this is growing, too— this disregard for dogmatic truth, and the fundamental; positions of the Christian scheme. I remember being; excessively struck with the inscription on the tombstone of n very respectable man, as far as this world goes, but who X knew had not the slightest scrap of religion, and who openly professed that he really knew nothiug about the land beyond the' grave. "Sacred to the memory of John .Tones, a' good : husband, a good father, a firm friend, a true patriot, who lived nnd died in his country's service," Now, 1 lake it that that man hardly crer,;B»id a' . prayer, since he was nt his mother's knee. He lived for this world, nml this world recorded his services' on the -slab or sandstone at the head of his grave. Society -ia steadily moving in Lite direction of John Jones — of making the most of life here, and of ignoring, as unattainable, all forms of tho supernatural. This tendency urges strongly in tho direction of Public schools, and Public schools arc, in turn, the pronngatora of this tendency; and as Roman Catholicism, and, next to it, AngeH canisnij hear strongly in the opposite direction, tho 'infidel intellect recognises these two, especially the former, as deadly and powerful antagonists, against which an interniciuo war must he carried on. Thus we have, thou, two most formidable foes combined ngninst us— namely, a profound, innate dislike to our roligiou, and a steady tendency towards unbelief, and the mere life of the natural man. I have reason to . fear that Anglicanism will not be alile to withstand the pressure of assault for any very great length of time; 1 hope it may be able to do bo. Ah to our- , Helves, if IS hundred years of thuj furnace has not melted out our life or touched our marrow, I do not bolievo that it will be likely to succeed now. No new trials or torments could bo invented now that we have not triumphed over in days gone by ; no tyrant can arise now whom we, or' those who follow us, will not cant away ami bury. And what are wo to do that wo 111:13' most effectually meet these two great antagonists of ours, and subdue thorn? I will loll you. But first of all I may re mark that .1 believe that Public school education df Protestants will Burve us in the long run. This method of forming the future produces men aud women without faith or dogmatic religion. The little of it that now exists will gradually melt away. The future generation will perhaps possess more flccular; knowledge, greater breadth in one way, and .-more indifference— or, aH somo would call it, less bigotry— than the present one. There will be n « most startling contrast between Catholicity aiul all 1 other forms or shades of thought, ami a reaction will, sot in which will, X believe, bring a largo harvest to the Church. The fog through which our religion at present looms will, in great measure, pass away, and people wilhbc drawn to study seriously tho Catholic religion, aiul then to embrace it.. And this brings me to tho most efl'eotual way of meeting the great pressure of prejudice which tells bo much agaiust us. if. yon will take , the tronblo to study the history of 'the wny in which so many persona" have become, Catholics in England, you will find it bus beeu in consequence of studying the Catholic religion.' : Tho; vast majority of our converts nre' from 5 tho " learned and highly educated, classes -of Boolcty— thpso who : have bcon drawn- toward tho Catholic faith by reading . and pcrsoual rc-j ' eonrch. A very large number wcro once clergymen of' tho 'Church of Englnnd, who had been trained to theological and philosophical thought, and who, having weighed tho Catholic system, were compelled to abandon- all .they prized hud loved most in this \- World, and to become Catholics. Were it the fact — 1 nnd we know- it is just the reverse — that tho learned, ou'- studying the Catholic system, were invariably \- repelled irom it, then our. ease would bo indeed a desperate one; but it is not so: thoso who join us ni'O precisely such ns havo had tho highest education, ' ' nnd possess the capacity to judgo for themselves after most careful aud prayerful scrutiny. Therefore, I say,: letufl do nil wo can to induce thoso who have so strong nn objection to our religion, to study it, to 1 giro it a fair Rearing, and to weigh itin tho equitablo Bcales of an unprejudiced appreciation. Our great : difficulty' consists in people refusing to see us as wc are, iu their hugging their, prejudices against us, in- stead of putting them ou one side, aud grasping the real merits of the case. What has happened in Eng land will, before long, I believe, happen hero. People will begin to think for themsolves, and as soon ns tlicy do that, the ice will he brokon, and we Bhall have many recruits who will, in due time, . ns at home, as iu America,' -bring others after them. Wc havo been passing through an ordeal lately whlok is merely temporary. Cardinal Newman; speaking the other day at Birmingham ou the feeling nt homo daring tho "Papal Aggression" madness, neemB to bo picturing what wo have been passiug through here. After showing how Mho country sup- > poses itself to bo' "insulted," he cc&tinues;: "And when tho Government of tho day, or, at least, some 1 very distinguished statesmen, took the same view the i excitement became extreme. Wo were thought very ; 111 of, and very unmindful of the tolerance already ' extended to us ; aiul then, as it will happen at such n time, all tho old stories against us wero brought out ' anew nnd put into circulation, and, as we hnve lasted 1800 years and the Protestant sect only 800, it need not surpriso anyone if inoro could bo said by our enemies against us— truths or falsehood.-, exaggera tions or misstatements— than could be said against them if wo tried, especially since, from our" very . greatness, we have vastly moro temptations and -'opportunities to act wrongly than they hud had. Aud eiuce (bad luck for us) we have never kept a register of Protestant scandals, as our enemies had kept of ours, and in consequence wore iu uo condition to show that what then had been evil or faulty in times paat in our body was to be laid to tbc charge, not of our religion, but of depraved human nature, wo were at a great disadvantage, aud oven good aud well-uicaniug Protestants got to entertain a bad opinion of us ; nnd a great prejudice, distrust, and dislike of ub was diffused through tho couutrv, and mi animosity, leading in many casefl both to cruel and violent acts. Things arc very different now with U3, nnd wo havo cause to be grateful to the inhabitants of thin great town that so it is." As England calmed \- down unci came'to reason, so will our fcllow.colonists here. And ns we havo gone through a like storm to that . suftorcd in tho mother- country, I believo'that, 1 like her, there is'in store for us our sunshine. I say, \- lot us induce our opponents, our fair-minded .ones, to \- study our religion, aud they are on tho high roaa to conversion. So far for that. Nowt how arc wo to : meet the growing indifference and infidelity of the ' dav, which is at ouco caused by Public schools and is tho cause of Public schools? Iu the first place I ' will pay thi.c, that I hnve always considered Denomina tional "schools, such as they arc now constituted under tho Council of Educatiou, to bo too flimsy to meet tho ovil. To n strong poison a strong - antidoto must ' ' bo applied. X think there sheuld be a more thorough nhd solid rfeltaictu'c-ducatifjii given' ' te" 'the rising' generation thriTpthoy baVe been in the habit of re ceiving in DenoiJjjnational schoola under tho Council. Of course, wp'haVc been so far, with regard to these schools, in a great measure helpless. We could not, if we would, interfere iwith the regulations of the schools ; our bands were. tied, fa a great many ways 1 need not amotion now. ? In three yeans we Bhall sus tain the loss, of a'large animal sum of money. On the other band, , the schools ' will fall wholly under our control. AVe.8hall,then?be.at liberty to convert them into real macbineB'for. turning ont thorough Catholic and Christian men and women. It will take a long, time before wc shairget all our schools into the hands of religious orders. Possibly, in some cases we shall fail. Still, in the main, and on the whole— if wc are thoroughly iq earnest, and fully appreciate the para mount importance, of the' school question— we shall be able to give a-much more thorough Catholic and rclijpous training to the young than ever they have received before. What, then, we shall have to do will be to mako our schools, thoroughly Catholic and thoroughly Cbristiabi whilst steadily working towards payment by results, which must inevitably come. We, of course, ha vcour. cowards amongst us as well as our brave men. The Ciurch militant is very liko the British army. Wc are not all heroes. A famous British general,- of remarkable courage, thus ex pressed himself' on a recent occasion: u. In a British regiment of a thousand men, according to ray ex perience, there aro usually 50 men who will do any thing — forlorn-hope sort of men. 900, who wonld else only gape, or perhaps run,', will follow tlicui. The other 50 nro cura, who would lie in the ditch if they dared." Now, I believe we have a very fair share of " forlorn-hope sorb of men " amongst ourselves— quite enough to lead the 900, -or; whatever number they may he, of those who simply 'require leaders; and as for the rest, if they love to.be in the ditch better than to join in our glorious venture, all I cau say is — let them lie in the ditch l I call it glorious, because wc are going to strive on behalf of the immortal interests of the souls.> of tho;. future, and on behalf of the greatness — the ' fnture greatness — of our adopted if we. can get the guiding of our own children into our hands, wc ho far get into our hands tho guiding of this great nation. Speaking to teachers John Bright said, not long ago : " We say — that is not the expression I should use, but you say, who arc engaged in the work — give us the young people;. you then givo us the future Church; you then -give us the future social and public life ; you then give us not the children as they arc now, hut the raenjind women of future years ; you give it into our bands to mould and guide even the great nation of which wc are a part." It is be cause this is the'ease that we are sternly determined nor 10 iorreic our nojcinn. and Hncrcti rigiiLs to unrig up Catholic children Catholics ; that wc arc firmly bent upon keeping them in our own hands, and on cot delivering. up into, the bands of those who will destroy the faith that is4 in thorn, and the great pro mise of the future. Books do not form tbc character so much as men. and women— the influence of men and women dedicated to .the fiervicc of God. There is nothing nearly bo impressive as this contact, the close intimacy'1 between little children and the teaching orders. Listen to those two passages from John Bright, 'iuid if you illustrate them in your own .minds, by applying them to our teaching, orders, you will at once see that these orders arc most particularly fitted for their post. Bright says.: "I think, with regard to teachers, they have two entirely different branches of labour — they have that of instructing their pupils from books, and thev have that of instructing them from their own conduct and their own manner. You want to teach a child — X must say it is better than book- learning— you; want to: teach a child to be 'gentle— not the gentleness thut is weakness, for. there ,1b a perfect gentleness which is combined with great force; you want' humanity— humanity to animals is; brie point.' Well, then/there is the quality of unsel-t fishtiess. There iihiucU selfishness in families. 'Bel-; fishness in familieV.iBtheteause'of misery and the cause of great injustice/ Uusclfishncss and a love of justice : these arts qualities which come, if you' offer them to the child, or the young person's inind, with a special invitation/;,. 'Their very nature is such that thoy canuot rcceivo; them except, .with liking and approbation/' In another speech lie says: "You try amongst the'- scholars to teach them many things which, probably, in many of their homes, and amongst; many of their ordinary associates, they would scarcely learn ; you try to check rudencfls, and' sometimes— I am sorry to say— you have to check what may be called impiety of speech : you try to teach them Co be kind to each other, not to their brothers and aiders only, but to their schoolfellows, and to tbelr parents. You endeavour to teach the boys deferenco to each othor, and yon fail greatly unless you endeavour to teach them gentleness and kindness to the gentler sex.: There is much t'qlearii,and in childhood it is marvel-; lous how ra'ucli/may be' taught. I think Lord Brougham once said that ho believed men aud women,, boys and girls, learnt more up to six years of age than they have learnt in nil their lires afterwards. If you teach/boys and girls to be gentle to and amongst each other, you will teach at the 6ame time probably how wise and how good it is for them to be kind'and gentle to what wc term the inferior animals. These creatures — dogs, horses, donkeys — I might .mention other animals— are many of them given us for our use,' and for our enjoyment. I think there is, no cruelty luoroodious or .more base thau Lliat which is practised upon diunb'crcatures, who cannot remon strate, and. who-.jcannbt show any resentment to us." How perfectly' Would' not men and women, who have been especially trained to ail these virtues, and to far higher ones too, teach them to the young aud fix them indelibly iu their hearts) Ladies and gentlemen. I. owe. you ' hri apology for keeping you so long"; ,my. only excuse must be the momentous importance of the interests at issue, and the significance of this, occasion. We cannot insist too earnestly "or too, frequently on the absolute neces sity under which we lio, at whatever cost or sacrifice, of bringing up Catholic children thorough Catholics. If others, if the - State, gels hold of them, the) will grow up like a greab mauy statesmen we know, with out even a scintilla of religion in their constitution, and will go to swell that growing class in the com munity which holds religion iu contempt, and boasts of being free in the ! exercise of the faculties — free to think and sneak and anfc ovaatl v as thav like?. Tho very children before mc aro Hufficieutly intelligent and experienced to/'-know that this kind of license leads .to anarchy and revolution ; and that liberty, tempered by obedience and grounded in religion, is the only sort of freedom which is worthy of rational beings and of Christian men. And I thank thcui for their touching address— tliauk them for thanking rao for serving them, arid . standing up for them; for the gcumno approval of little children lias some things .more sweet in it than even that sometimes of grown up people. But I thank you one and ail, and in tbauking you I am addressing the whole Catholic body in this colony — I thank them as Archbishop of this province for their truly Catholic spirit, and for the fixed' determination they arc show ing that they will not suffer their Catholic children to bo robbed of their Catholic faith. And let us now help Father-. Pollard. to lessen the debt on these schools. Our Oathblic peoplo have been educated to give, A great thinker, not a Catholic, says : " I know scarcely anything .better than that men should bo educated to give j and it has always seemed to me tbntrich men, and men oven of moderate menus, who -do not give, ipiss 0110 of tbc greatest pleasures of life, nnd one - of those paths in which men, if they arc judicious, may bo eminently useful." ' Ladies aud gentlemen, you liavc everj on every occasion, proved to the -world tfrat j'ou do? indeed, look upon giving— especially to 'tho/education of the young— as one of the- greatest ' pleasures 'of your lives. I think you might indulgo yourselves in the .exercise of that pleasure onco again, and to ehow- you that lam determined not to bo behindhand in indulging iu this same delight, .'I; offor tho committee £00 as my sub scription. . > / 'J At the conclusion !of the Archbishop's speech, which was 'loudly cheercdf a collection was madc in aid of the building fanfis;and ifwah 'announced that over £800.had-.beon handed to the; treasurer, among! the donations being Archbishop Vaughuu, £50 Mrs. young,' £25 ; Mrs. Dallcy, £10; Alderman1 Mceks (a Protestant Friend), £5 5s ; Mr. Hayes, £10 , Father Pollard. £ 10 ; Dr. Power, £u ; Mr. Charles York, £5 ; Mr. Toohoy, £5 ; Mr. Maguire, £5 5s ; aud Mrs. Cullcn,'£lU.. The declaration of the total renl- isprlroiinlnrind thi im»nt5nir_ 