ITEMS OF NEWS. The weather during the early part of, tho week was very sultry. On Monday and on Tuesday nt noon tho thermometer roistered 90 and 91 deg. respectively. On Tuesday afternooo a heavy thunderstorm broke over the town, the rain pouring down very heavily, A. few large hailstones fell, but not suOicient to materially injure tho stand* ing crops. Later in the evening another shower fell, but tho tail of the storm''only passed over the town, tho centre discharg ing its contents higher up the river. Alto gether 73 points fell, that is, noarly three quarters of an inch.The atmosphere was not made much cooler, and again yesterday tho day-was very hotp'i There is every likeli hood that further rain will fall before long, i as the barometer is falling fast. The storms were purely localj for the mailman from i Iloulaghan's Creek says there-was very little i rain fell towards,Kindra or in,the northern portion of the district, while a traveller from Oura states^that ho was drenched through during the .storm which felL about 4 o'clock. ".All.work and iio play makes jack a dull boy." ' So says the1 proverb; and so say wo. Il is our usual custom^to allow one issue of this journal to lapso yearly, so as to give our employees an opportunity of driving away. dull care. ' It is not our intention to depart from' this custom this' year, so wo beg to intimate to our subscribers and advertisers that on Chrislmas morn—next.Saturda}'—the Advertiser will bo published ; but on the fol- _ lowing Tuesday there'will be no. issue. A xuMBKii ot tho townspeople mot at the Commercial Mold on Tuesday evening, last. (Mr. Fitzhurdinge, Ihe-Muyor, in the chair) to take into consideration the propriety of in-; viting.Mr. A. G. Jones to a banquet. It was; pointed, out that, in view of the interest! Mr. Jones had always .taken-.* in; tlio wel-j fare of Wagga NVagga, it was adrisablo to . tender him ^ some recognition of his! efforts on behalf' of this town--'and dis-! trict... On the motion of Dr. O'Connor,! seconded by Air. J. R.< Garland,jt was do-; cided to invito Mr. Jones to a. banquet on a! date to be hereafter fixed. . An influential'' committee Mas ,formed, and the meeting then adjourned to Thursday (this) evening, .when' the -committee will make''definite arrange-! menfs. A voto of t hanks to the Mayor con-j eluded tlio business of the evening. . ) vTile name, of the young man who .'saved; Mr. CrispY milkman from drowning last Sunday evening was " Jerrom," and not Jelly, as uppeared in our last issue. NVe hasten to make ,lho. correction, as Jcrrom deserves moro than passing notico for his ■ praiseworthy coiiduct. ! ; Smoke was seeu issuing from the roof of the Commercial' Hotel stables on Tuesday afternoon last. Joseph Morelhs at once hastened to the; loft and: found some old malting burniug.. There was a large quautity of inflammable material in the loft, aud in a few minutes there would have been a serious conflagration. The explanation offered is that an old. man had. been up in the loft a few^ minutes previously, with a lighted ,pipe, the sparks of which must have ignited the1 matting. It is well known that there was a strong wind blowing at the time, and but for the; timely appearance of Morellis. on the scene, the consequences might have been very serious. The mail traiu was over an hourlato in arriving at the South \Vag'ga Wagga station yesterday morning. It was rumoured in town" that the engne had run off the line, but on making enquiry we .ascertained that the rumour had its origin in the fact that an en gine while shunting at this station ran off the lines. V It was immediately . replaced, - nond the worse for its erratic course. The delay to the mail train was due to. the lengthy stoppages at the different stations, causcd by the number of excursionists travelling 011 the line. We may look for a late delivery of the mails during the holidays. • A man named John William Boxer, aged 32 years, died in a hut suddenly on Monday evening, at Cartwright's Hill, North Wagga, from inflammation of the kidney, accelerated by exposure and the want of necessary medical comforts.. The man had formerly been in the employ of Messrs. Fishburn andMorton, but had been laid up for some time past. He was travelling towards the Wagga Wagga hospital, accompauied : by his wife and only child, when death put: an end to his suffer ings. His wife and child are left entirely destitute, and are deserving objects for cbarity. There ' was no inquest-held upon the remains, as the cause of death was ap parent. The promenade concert given, by. the Wagga Wagga Band in the saddling paddock of the racecourse, on Monday evening last, was not so successful as former ones; -,Tkis was attributable, no doubt, to the fact that the moon was considerably, past the full, and did not rise till a late hour. As the band is an institution whtch the town canuot well do without, it? efforts to please%the towns people should be rccogmsud as fully as .possible; .... '.v.;;' -i . Christmas is drawing nigh, and as at that time inombers of families delight to cluster round • tho- tublo of. home - swoet home, it'-is always necessary to provide the good things in the shupe.of the bestcomestibles procurable. The supply this year is large, and the prices', judging from the advertisements of the local storekeepers, very reasonable. The attention of our readers: is called to these advertisor ments ; "for, as the stbrekeeepcrs' lack no encrg}* in advertising for public information what they have in stock, so the people should as genorously patronise those stores where tho best and greatest variety.' of Christmas delicacies aro to be procured. ;O0R readers are reminded that this is the Annual Speech' Day of1 the Public- school; The presentation of'prizesand tho exhibition of drawings, ucedlowork, &c.;, will take place in the Mechanics' Institute at 3 o'clock! His Worship the Mayor will preside/ • ° The murderer Wilkinson, who was com mitted for trial at Albury recently for the murder of Mrs. Pumpa and her father, Mr. Mentz, has been removed to the Wagga Wagga gaol for safe keeping, as the institu tion in Albury is undergoing repairs. It is said that this criminal is identical with one Thomas Bird, whose sentence of death for murder in Sydney was commuted to fifteen years' penal servitude. He was in Wagga Wagga a few weeks before the murder and was under police surveillance. Mr. W. Wetherall, so long and favourably known .in^ Wagga Wagga: as: one of t he us sUtants in the local, post oifico, has been pro moted to, the position of post and telegraph master at Teraora. • We wish him success, in his now appointment. 7 A oart loaded with. geoso was standing in front of,tlio Australian Hotel yesterday. after noon, when a well-known resident approached in a semi-drunken stuio,1 and 'after selecting what ho; thought the best godse in the cdrt, was in the dct of walking awuy with* it."' 'The owner demanded : the goose j but it was not given up .to him, andto mark :his sense of disapproval of tlie request, the goose-snatcher struck the owner over t ho head wilh tho bird, breaking its wing. He remarked, as he did so, that he intended having a good dinner on Christmas Day. The case, unless settled out of Court, is likely to come before tho local Bench on Friday next. • Mr. Bossley, the newly-appointed post master for this town, arrived in Wagga .Wagga ou^Tuesday morning, and was at once installed into his office by Mr. Inspector Moyse. Oke of the ornamental trees in front of the cdurt-liouse suffered through the violence of the storm on Tuesday last, a large bough being broken off. These trees aro known as the whito cedars, aud though affording a most agreeable shade, are not equal in strength to the Oriental plane and elm trees. Tiie goods shed and the engine shed at Narandera railway station aro now com pleted, aud it is fully anticipated that the statiou ami statiou master's residence will bo constructed by tho cud of tho present mouth. Tjih sale of booths for the races on Mon day next, Boxiug Day, will tako place-to'-', morrow (Friday) at noon, at Tuttersall's rooms, Australian Hotel. . < . The effects of late hours, wheti'rid one moves but troubled ghosts and working bakers, was exemplified yesterday morniug, when one of tho latter, class fell asleep on tho dashboard of his cart in Littlo ltincaid street, from sheer exhaustion,) caused, by waut of'sleep. He remained in that position for about an hour nnd a half. Several people who passed thought tho man was dead, and, like some of the not over charitably in clined, passed by . on the other side. The bakier awoke from his slumbers, and, like a giant refreshed with wine, proceeded on his journey delivering the staff of life. Tiib annual concert under tho auBpices of the Public school took placo last evening in the assembly room of the Mechanics' Insti tute. Mr. H. B. Fitzhardinge, mayor, pre sided. The platform was crowded to cxcesa with tho children attending tho Public school. Tho attendance was good, and tho whole conccrt passed ofi* very satisfactorily. A full report will appear in our next. The time for rccoiving tenders for tho work at the Hospital has been further ex* tended to the 20th instant. 0$ Saturday afternoon a liorsc-raco came off on the Tumnt course, for £10 aside, between Mr. Large's black horse Larrikin, and Mr. F. Vyner's bay gelding; distance, once round the course. A small gathering of tho sporting fraternity assombled to wit ness the eveut. It was a well contested race, the black horse winning by about a length. Sib John O'Shanassy, I think I mentioned once before, has nothing of tho Jesuit char acter about him. Like the King of Franco " when he is up he is up, and when ho is down bo is down," and you can see plainly bylhis.looks and deportment whether he is up or down. Well, decidedly the most dc« jected and forlorn looking man in the House, at tho .close of Mr. L. L. Smith's, motion, was the elect of Belfast.' As the supposed leaderof what is called tho "Roman Catholic Party" in the House, it was expected that he would have taken three or four of tho small band of Catholic members, amounting to upwards of a dozen, who sit on the Minis terial side of the House. When the division bell rung, howover, Sir John trudged, across without a single* follower, and ■ he allowed (says the Melhourne'corrcspondent of the Hamilton Spectator).thatlie felt his position acutely.' v After the division lie came, back again to the; MiuiBtcrial fold, when. ho and i u L. L." might have been seen in.tho corner •with'heads so-closely together, as to. suggest | the idea'that they were mingling their tears. ; ' An »attempted robbery under arms'took place last week by a man named Joseph Jolly oh Frank^Purkes, a shanty-keeper, on Tina pa gee r station, .Puroo river,. 150 miles from feourko.'' The caso was' heard on/ Monday morning. The oridonce-showed that Jolly rallod first on Parkes, then on ex- constablo Reilly, telling them to-bail.up, saying he was Ned ; Kolly the second. ^Eventually he waa persuaded to ao aivav. The brisoner made a statement that he, Parkes, and Rcilly were playing cards and drinking rum together. He lost money to Parkcs, but as he could not pay it all, Parkcs tore prisoner's shirt off; that Parkcs then came outside and fired two shots with a revolver, but ho did not know if 'it was at him. Three witneascs gavc evidonco against the prisoner, who was committed to the Quarter Sessions, to be held on the 21st April next.* • r •• •• 1 The managers of the Orieufc Steam Navi gation Company (limited), Loudou, write on the 5th November as follows-to: the com pany's agents in Sydney, Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., respecting their new re frigerating apparatus V Our, first machino '(Bryce Douglas' patent) has been tried, alrid in; its essential features is very successful. Some details rcqniro alterations, which aro beiug effected. We trust it will be ready to fit on board ship withiu a month." The Victorian Commissioner of Railways has informed Messrs. Corn well' and Mixncr, contractors for the' line from Wngga Wagga to Albury, that at the opcning-celebralion he would do all ho could to uiakc the demonstra- . tion a success. Ox Saturday a married woman named Elizabeth Gates, living in Essex-street, Sydney, while intoxicalod, seriously assaulted hor hus band while he was washing . himself; She threw a bottle at him, and the missile failing its mark, she felled him senseless to the ground by striking him with a basin on the front of the head, inflicting a scalp wound, which bled; freel?. ;, Tbo woman ,wht> was alleged to have received ho provocation for the attack, was committed for trial at the Water Police Court, on a charge of. mahcously wounding.her husband. On Sunday afternoon last, a fatal accident occurred at Nangus, by which a man named George Jones, a boundarj-ridor in the employ: of Mr. Jenkins lost his life. It,appears (says the Qumlarjai Timea) that deceased had been drinking, but not to exccss, with two or three, others at SbeatherVhotel. and left on horse* back in company with a man named Le Che monent.; .They rodo away.at a rapid, pace in .the. direction of .Ben.Makeham's, and,, when1 neo.r the Narigus church, Jones' horie ran him' .against d tree. ..He received a heavy blow on the head! and .fell, to the.ground/being .ren dered insensible. He was conveyed to the woolshed, whore. Mr. William Jenkins, and j others t ook means to restore himj but he never, spoke except onco, to ask them not,to pour water on him. He did not appear, However, to bo in any danger, aud when lie was last seen alive at XI o'clock that night lie appeared to bo getting on well. About 4 o'clock next .morning a man named Blako. called at the woolshed and found that Jones was dead.' The coroner, Mr. 0.. W. Weekes, held an inquest on the remains, when the above facts were deposed to. Dr. M'Killop, who had made a ponl-moricm. examination,< deposed' that deceased's skull was fractured: at the baso, and that he found a large' lump of clotted blood pressing on the brain. Tho jury returned a verdict of accidental death. It is a rather, strange coincidence (says tho Caprtcornian) that at the time a Cuinmissiou has been appointed to enquire into the aub j'ecta.brought, before ,fcbo. Assembly .and. tho public in Mr...Herarnatit's -petition, and to. carry on the euquiry in the told country, it' should be visited by the Chief Commissioner; of tho Queensland Police, Mr. Seymour j the: Crown Solicitor, Mr. Little r and the Liader; of the Opposition. It would almost appear as if each of theso gentlemen had gone home to koep £ii eye on tho Steel Rails Commis sion, ana on each other. - s A new vine pest has made its appcanuico in the Rhcinthal, canton St. Gall. Tho disease is; said to.resemble in some of its characteristics the potato oidium, but it is much more virulent/"'the' grapes: aflcctcd- by it becoming rapidly- putrid.. • Several vine yards have been completely devastated by the malady,1 which is bolieved to be of American origin. • A young lady residing near Belfast,' Ireland, was visiting some relatives in. Now Jersey a few winters ago. : Sho pretended to be veiy much puzzled over the democratic state of affairs iu1 our Republic. The village baker was a justice of the peace, and a shoe-; maker had been^elected Assemblyman, while the State Senator from that district was a ;coarse,:illiterate man—none of them by any means gentlemen, as she understood tho word. She went skating with the children one afternoon, and after her return told a •friend that on the pond the butcher's boy . had-,greeted her, and offered to assist her puttng on her skates. "You didn't allow him : to ; do so, did you ?" demanded lier friend, a little indignantly. "Oh, yes," she said, " and skated with him too. I didn't know.but. he'd be Presideut of the United States some day, and I didn't want to offend j him." 