The New Britain Massacre. The Rev. B. Danks, colleague of the Rev. G. Brown, writing to the General Secretary of Wesleyan Missions in Sydney, under date of October 27, from Kabakadai, supplies the following information : " We have been very busy during the past few days, and not a little disturbed in our minds. Tales of murder have come to us one after the other with alarming rapidity, and since I last wrote I do not think that any of the white residents here have felt safe one whole day together. The natives have found out that a bullet will as soon find its way to the seat of life in a white man, if properly aimed, a? in a black man. Four white men have been killed here within sixteen days, and one Solomon Islander. .... From what we could gather it is evident these men are much to blame. In fact, if they had only kept quiet they would not have been attacked by the natives. There is no doubt, in my mind, that the white men acted foolishly, thinking to frighten the people, but instead thereof they have lost their lives. The story of the case is this. A Mr. Murray, in charge of the cutter Lelia, and two men named respectively Benninger and Anderson, went ashore to a chief named Toman, who was trading for them, in order to get his copra. They found that he had neither copra nor trade (barter), or not sufficient copra to account for all the trade he had received from them. Angry words ensued, and Murray demanded either trade or Cawarra. The chief refused to comply with the demand, and they then went away, but saying they would return next day. They did so, it being Sunday, October 10, and angry words passed between them again, and some guns, two, were discharged to intimidate the chief and they (the natives) thinking that "fight was meant," sprang upon the whites, and before any resistance could be made they were all killed, and also one Solomon Islander who was with them. It is my opinion that had these men gone about their business in a proper manner, and refrained from all threats of violence, they would not have lost their lives, and they would have had ample compensation from the native chief for the missing trade. It will not do for any one to come here thinking to bounce' these people. This has been done to a great extent in the past, but they will stand it no longer. The knife and tomahawk will be handled much more readily now they have once begun to redress their real or supposed wrongs in this manner, than formerly. I personally warned the traders some three months ago that it would come to this, but they all seemed to think the natives too quiet or too frightened to do anything of the kind. "Another white man has been either killed or committed suicide, we cannot tell which, but almost all here think he was killed, by whom none can say. No doubt it will be cleared up in time, for if the natives have killed him, some one of them will be sure to say so before long. I have received a letter from a Mr. Champion, dated October 26, informing me that the natives of Kininigoonan have assumed a very threatening attitude towards his trade stationed there." A young fellow tried to scare a Brooklyn widow by appearing to her as her husband's ghost. But as he was in the house before twelve o'clock at night, and didn't appear drunk, she detected the fraud at once and thumped the intruder over the head with the fire shovel. 