THE SAINT-GABELLE INN. You would have been very fortunate, my children, if you had known my Uncle. Bay le, because he alone knew more stories than you have ever read. My uncle did not live in our' little city of Mirepeix ; he did. not lodge in our large house with red window , shutters, which was the family residence. He was an advocate, and lived at Foix, and almost every Saturday we would see him coming on his horse, and our joyous cries hailed him at a distance. The servant, my old Jeannette, came immediately to salute our Uncle Bayle, who carefully informed himself as to the supper. Then, after having added or changed something in the bill of fare, he seated him self in a large chair of carved wood, which we dragged up to the fire, and without delay we all began to cry, ' A story ! a story !' On this evening the cry was less boisterous, because we had formed a little conspiracy and no one dared to speak first. Finally, my pretty, cousin Dorothee, the most talkative little girl of the house, and now the grave Superior of a convent of the Sisters of Charity, ventured to cry : 4 A ghost story !' aud we replied al together : 4 Yes,: a ghost story !' My uncle frowned and looked toward Jean nette, who av a s very much eonfused, and wished to appear absorbed in peppering her chicken pot pie, and she really peppered it so well that we were not able to eat "it. It was she, in fact, who had read us repeatedly the story of the Spectre Leg and the Open Eye, and wno had urged us to make this demand. 4 There are only fools or rogues who believe, or to pretend to believe, in ghosts,' said my uncle in a severs tone. We all waited in silence, so much authority was there in his words, but a moment of reflection seemed to calm him. Wo saw him smile, as if to him self, aud he added, in a tone full of sweetness : 4 You want a ghost story, my children ? All right ; I will relate one to you which hap pened to me, so that it cannot be doubted.' We gathered around him closer than usual ; the lamp hang by a chain attached to the mantelpiece, and there our uncle told his story : " One autumn evening— it. must have been forty years ago, because I was scarcely twenty years old at the time — I was returning from Toulouse. I had made a good journey, be cause I had already passed Auterive, where some Mends had urged me to pass the night, but I was very anxious, to reach Swerdun, which, you know, is nine miles farther, and I resumed xny journey. I had arrivedalmost in front of. the Bolbonne Monastery, beyond the beautiful woods of Lecourien, where Father Vainful (whose Latin works, you will have to translate some day) composed big 44 Preadium Rusiicum," when a sudden and frightful storm, like those. that come down from - our mountains, unexpectedly broke forth. In less than no time the night became black and travelling impossible. I would- cer tainly have asked shelter at the monastery, but, the moment I took that resolution, my horse, frightened at the flashes of lightning and noise of thunder, darted into a little by path, and carried me with him, in Spite of all my efforts to the contrary. Notwithstanding his rapidity, I soon recognised that he had taken the road to St. Gabelle, and that he was leading me there all right. Some day this summer we will visit St. Gabelle, where the church is built on the top of a hill, command- ing a view of the entire city, the foot of which is higher than the roofs. ; of the highest houses. I will take you to see the choir bal cony, built entirely of oak, with beautiful carving, and we will ask M. Lanigue to play for us on the organ, which is perhaps the best in all France. In the meantime, my horse gal- loped on until he stopped of his own accord, as he had started, and I" perceived that I was at the dOor of an inn. I entered.' The com pany was numerous, a mixed crowd of Spanish merchants and young sportsmen of the vicinity, overtaken like myself by the storm. After drying ourselves by the fire, composed of a dozen vine branches which diad been thrown in the fire- place, supper was announced, and we all sat down at the table. At first the conversation turned on the frightful weather. One had been thrown from his horse ; an- 1 other had been detained an hour in getting himself and cart out of a pool of mud. Finally," some one exclaimed : 44 It is an infernal night —just the night for a meeting of witches." ! This remark, which was very simple, gave place to a singular observation, mpde in a. tone still more singular. 4 " Sorcerers and ghosts prefer for their: meeting a beautiful moonlight night, to a night so unpleasant as this." . '.We allgazed at the man who said this, and saw that it was one of the Spanish merchants. You have often seen them, my children, with their leggings and short breeches open at the knee, and showing their naked, hairy legs. You know what a mingled air of pride and misery they have with their espadrills at tached to their feet by narrow hands of leather ; their red cloak, which they wear so gracefully ; their brown faces, browned with black hair, and their large gold ear-rings. He who had spoken had, more than aiiy you have seen, that savage bearing which is cha-. raoteristic of them all. None of us had thought of replying to this observation, made in a grave aud severe voice, when my neighbour, atyoung man with a fi auk and open manner, burst out laughing as he said : '"It appears that this gentleman knows the habits of ghosts, and that they have told him that they do not like to get wet or dirty." j He had not finished his sentence when the I Spaniard threw on him a terrible look, as he 1 said; | "Young man, do not speak so lightly cf , things you know nothing about." i " Do you think you can make me believe ' there are ghosts ?" replied my neighbour, disdainfully. A " Perhaps," replied the Spaniard, "if . you had the courage to look at them," 4 The young man'1 jumped up, red with anger, but calmed himself, and sat down again quietly, saying : 1 " You would have paid dearly for that re- ; mark if it were not that of a fool." ' " That of a fool?' cried tiie Spaniard, jumping up in his turn. 44 Well, then," added he, slapping his fist on the table and throwing down, a big leathern purse. "Here are thirty quadruples (about 216dol.) which I offer to lose if within an hour I do not make you see, you who are so positive, the face of one of your Mends that you will name, let ! him be dead for ten years, and if, after having j recognised him, you dare to permit his mouth to attach a kiss to yours," The Spaniard had an air so terrible in saying these words that we all started. My neighbour alone preserved his laughing, mocking manner, and replied ; ' " You will do this, you ?" 4 44 Yes," replied the Spaniard, " and I will lose thirty quadruples if I do not do it, on condition that you will lose an equal amount if I keep my promise and you acknowledge 4 The young man was silent for a moment, then he said gaily : 4 44 hirty quadruples 1 My worthy sorcerer, that is more than a student of .Toulouse ever possessed ; but if you will keep your word for the five quadruples which are here, I your man." 4 The Spaniard silently took his purse again, and said, scornfully : ' 44 Ah, you back out, my little gentleman ?" 4 "I back out!" cried the young man. " Ah, if I had the thirty quadruples you would see if I backed out." 4 44 Here are fouj," cried I, 44 which I add to your stake." 4 1 had no sooner made this proposition than five or six persons, attracted like myself by the singularity of this challenge, offered to take part in it, and in less than no time the Spaniard's amount was covered. This man seemed so sure of his work that jhe confided the stake to the young student, and we got ready for the demonstration. 4 To that end we selected a small pavilion, i perfectly isolated, in the garden, so that there could be no deception. We searched it minutely ; we assured ourselves that there 1 were no other openings than a window securely fastened, and a door which was closed in the same manner, and at which we all stood after we had left the young man alone in the pavilion. We had placed writing materials on the table, and took away all the lights. We were eagerly interested in the issue of this scene, and were all keeping a profound silence, when the Spaniard, who had remained among us, commenced to sing in a sweet and sad voice a song which may be rendered as follows: — 44 Noiselessly crackling, the coffin has broken in the half- opened tomb, Aud the white phantom's black foot is resting on the grass, co id dbd green." After this first verse he raised . his voice solemnly, and said : 4 44 You have asked to see your friend Francois Yiolet, who was drowned three years ago in crossing the Pensagnoles Ferry. What do you see ?" # 1 "I see," replied the young man, " a pale light which has risen near the window, bnt it has no form, and is only an indistinct mist." We all stood stupefied. « " Are you afraid ?" said the Spaniard, in a strong voice. " '" I am not afraid," replied the student, in a voice no less confident. 4 We scarcely breathed. The Spaniard was silent for a moment, then he stamped on the ground with his foot three different times, and began all at once to sing again, but in a higher and more sombre voice : 4 " And the white phantom, whose face has been withered by the surge of the waves, wipes with, his shroud the water from his garments and hair." 'The song finished, the Spaniard turns again toward the door, and, giving to his voice an accent more and more solemn, he said: "You, who wished to pry into the mysteries of the tomb, what do you see ?" We listened with anxiety. The student replied in a calm voice, but like a man wTir» describing a thing as it happens : "I see this vapour which grows larger aud takes the form of a phantom ; this phantom has the head covered with a veil. It remains in the same place where it arose." " 4 44 Are you afraid ?" asked the Spaniard, in an insulting voice. 4 The proud and brave voice of the young man replied, 44 1 am not afraid." 4 We dared not look at each other, so great ws surprise, so occupied were we in fol- 1 lowing the singular movements of the i Spaniard, who began to raise his arms above his head, while invoking three times a name horrible to pronounce, after which he chanted the third verse of his infernal song, but in a voice singularly triumphant : 4 " And the phantom said in leaving the ; tomb, in order that he may recognise me I j will go towards my friend, proud, smiling, j and beautiful, as in my youth.' The Spaniard finished his verse and re peated bis terrible question : I 44 What do you see ?" i " I see," replied the student, 44 the phantom ! advances — it raises its veil — it is Francois 4 Violet— he approaches the table— he writes— he has written ; it is his signature 1" 4 "Are you afraid?" cried the Spaniard, furiously. ' There was a moment of inexpressible silence, and the studeut replied, with more -strength than assurance, 44 No, I am not afraid !" 4 Immediately, as if seized with a fit of mad ness, the Spaniard commenced to sing, with a strange howl, this last horrible verse : ' 44 And the phantom said to the mocking man, come, then, that I may touch yon, put your hand in my hand, press your heart to my heart, your mouth to my mouth." , 4 44 What do you see?" cried the Spaniard, in a voice, of thunder. ' 44 It comes — it approaches — it. pursues me ' —it extends its arms— it will seize me. 1 Help! help!" , "Are you afraid?" eried the Spaniard, with a ferocious joy. » A piercing cry, then a smothered groafl. I was 1 the only answer to this terrible question, j Help that impudent young man sai<i j . the Spaniard, to jisjn 1 1 think, won tlte wager, ibut itfifi enough for ' me to have givchhiin a fe&sph.; Lethim kcep ; the money, and be more prudent in the j future." _ 1 4 He went away rapidly after these words, j We were utterly dumbfounded. We opened ! the door, and found the student in horrible convulsions. The paper, signed with the : name of Francois Violet, was on the table, i Scarcely had the student recovered when he | demanded to know who was the infamous I sorcerer who had subjected him to this ! horrible profanation ; he wished to kill him. He searched for Mm all through the inn, and darted off like a madman in pursuit of him. And that is the story, my children.' , We were all trembling with fright, huddling closely about our Uncle Bayle, not daring to I look around us. J eaimette herself had for- gotten her roast, which had -falletntp the fire, : and smelled very strongly .as it burned. No one had the courage to speak,; then I gathered strength enough to say to my uncle, 4 And how is ifc, after this, you do not believe in ghosts?' i j 'Because,' said my uncle, 'neither the i young man nor the sorcerer were ever seen afterwards, nor the beautiful quadruples with ! which the other travellers and myself had furnished to cover the wager proposed by the pretended Spaniard ; and because these two rogues carried them away after having played \ under our eyes a comedy, which; we believed in J like a pack of simpletons, and which I found - ! very expensive, but which will not have cost 1 too much if it enables me to fully persuade i you that none bun imbeciles or rogues believe ! or pretend to believe in ghosts.' | Lord Murgrave, who made the expedition ; of discovery towards the North Pole, was ! distinguished by a singularity of physical conformation, having two distinct voices — the one strong and hoarse, the other weak and querulous — of both of which he occa sionally availed himself. So extraordinary a circumstance probably gave rise to a. story of his having fafiea into a ditch on a dark . night, and calling for aid in his shrill voice. ; A countryman on coming up was about to ; assist him ; but, Lord Mulgrave addressing bim in a hoarse tone, the peasant exidflimed, ' Oh, if there are two of you in the ditch you may help each other out of it." Incredulity was the first feeling among the Boers of the Transvaal when the news of Cetywayo's capture was spread among them. One of these descendants of a transplanted B&tavian; stock told an Englishman he would as soon believe that the British had possessed themselves of the moon as that they had got hold of Cetywaya. The sceptic's figure of speech then led to some discussion about the satellite. "lean imagine," said he, "that there are hills, mountains, water, ahd trees in the moon— I can even recognise the possi bility of a human population' on its surface; but I don't admit that there can be any gold or diamonds there." " Why not?" the Englishman asked. " Why not?" echoed the Boer. 4 4 I'll tell you why not; 4 Because, ; if there were either gold or diamonds in the moon, England would have annexed her long : agoJ' ; _ A German paper contains a droll story, the j gist of which is as follows : Soon after the attempt on the life ! of the Czar, two towns in : Russian Poland forwarded addresses to him j purporting to congratulate him on his ! escape. These documents -were, of course, : officially prepared, and equally ' of course ! they were couched in the most fulsome terms. It was arranged that the inhabitants would write their signatures on separate slips of paper, and that these; should be, under official inspection, appended to the addresses of congratulation. This was done ; but,, before they were presented, some clever Nihilists managed to abstract the original address- in each case and to substitute this startling statement - — 44 We . are extremely grieved that the atrocious assassination of your Imperial Majesty did not take place !" In this form these 44 congratulatory" ad dresses were presented to the Czar, with many thonsaiids of signatures. The two i towns looked forward to a right royal reply from his Majesty, but they were soon asto nished and alarmed on receiving an imperial message breathing out threatening and slaughter. A great number of those whose signatures were appended to these extraordi nary documents were actually arrested, and, until a tardy explanation came, they were in constant dread of Siberia. ! The art of drinking Bordeaux wine Is unknown, it is asserted, except at Bordeaux, for with the Bordelais it is an art, and it is quite a sight to witness the operation; The butler, with a serious air, announces on pour ing it, " Chateau Giscourt," or "Laseomb," or "Margaux of 1819." The guest silently takes the glass between his thumb and fore finger, raises it to a level with his eye, and, with a slight movement, of the elbow, gives the liquid a rotary motion. This sets free the aroma. H« sniffs the perfume circulating on the edge of the glass, looks at the ruby colour scintillating in the glass, then drinks off the wine deliberately iu small instalments. : Silence follows 5 tho guests look fttcBch'Othcr, the host has an anxious air, awaiting the verdict ; then opinions are given in turn in a serious tone, and the wealth of adjectives at the command of a Bordelais is revealed. If the judgment is unfavourable, the wine is declared "rebellious," "hard," 14 without soul," 44 displeasing," 44 ungracious," 44 anti pathetical," 44 imperious," and even "mate." If, on the contrary, the judgment is favour able, eyes sparkle, and the wine is styled 44 amiable," 44 gracious," 44 seductive,'' 44 im passioning," 4- elegant," "rich," "proud " "grand," "fine," 44 sweet," "perfumed!" 44 insinuating," 44 coquettish," " ravishing " "incomparable," "full of love." "Bat madam, said a listener to these expressions to a lady who sat next him at table, "since your husband givet Such Adjectives to wine, what does Imuw you egress Ms affee- ,Pn ' Well, sLr replied, "he calls me ' Lafitte, 1848.'" 