BALLARAT. (FROM OOIl OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Thursday, 1st .Jauuru'; The New Year has opened, as tlio old one closcd, with typically lively Australian summer .weather. A perfectly unclouded sky, bright sunlit air, and no dust raising winds to mar the beauty and pleasure of the time. I fancied there was less of jovial revelry about the streets than last year, but bells rang, people walked in the bright moonlight, snatches of laughter and soug were heard everywhere, and in one or two of the chhrchea midnight services were held to celebrate the death of one year and the birth of another. To-day the holiday is close. Lai Lai races draw the great crowd to-day, aud picnics abound on all sides, and at night pantomime and Siinonsen's will have one more holiday burst of patronage. : Business in the sharemarket has been small during the holidays, and has been mostly in stocks on the Consols line. There are no material changes in value to report. The South Learmonth Compauy, one of the Egertou ven tures, has at last decided to wind-up, thus fol lowing the example of tho North Black Iiorse Company, which gavo up the ghost some few months ago. The following dividends are an nounced:—Band of Hope (quartz), 3s,; Reform, Is. 6d.; Trunk Lead, Is. According to the Courier's mining review for the year just ended, the extraordinary result is .brought out of an increase of near 100 per cent, in the alluvial yield of this central division .of the district, and only about 25 per cent, in our quartz yields, after all the great revival in -that industry. The figures given by the Courier ;are for the year ending September, 1878, alluvial yield 9,713 oza., and for 1879 the yield is 10,511 ozs., the quartz yield for the same period being given as 33,931 o/.s. and 42, ISO. As these figures are given by the registrar, they are, I suppose, approximately correct. The alluvial increase is attributed to small parties working iu old and mostly shallow ground. On the last day of the old yoar, the people of Learmonth sorrowfully buried James Richmond, secretary of the Ballarat Shire, aged 39. He had spent near half his short life out there, and everybody liked him. He has left a widow and six children not well off. But the motley coinody of lifo'goes on all the same, and the first dayof the new year has been jovial. The very men _who sincerely sorrowed over poor Richmond's grave, for instance, as the old year died, -helped to dance in the new year, ami take the seasonal whisky and pipe music as they had done years before and will, let us hope, years after. Soothly, whether sadly or otherwise, we must die and be buried all of us, but we must also have our cakes and ale whilst life's fitful fever lasts, and the Learmonth Scotchmen with their New Year toddy aud bag pipes following, quick upon the burial of .Lanarkshire Richmond's remains are but illus trations of the eternal routine of things. Herejin aud about B.illarat, we had our fill of New Year festivities, though we now lack the old Caledoniau sports that used to be the chief ■event: of the day with us. But with picnics, .cricket, bowls, Lai Lai races, pantomime, Simonsen's songs and opera, aud a multitudin ous array of minor and more private pleasures, we manage to endure. We also flatter ourselves that we are sound, ; commercially sound, sir. Only twenty-two in solvencies, and half of them mero bagatelles, in Bix.-months over this city aud district with a ;radius «if 30 miles. Shall we not blow our own trumpet in this free country and be bold ? Aiid by the powers wo can always do big things in oats. Our chocolate soil farmers are showing oat stalks aud ears eight feet long; the cars measuring from 12 to 20 inches, ami a Buuiiiyoug grower declares he can beat the eight feet length! More boys have escaped from the Wendouree Reformatory, but they were caught before they had been long away. These bolts have lost the charm of news now, they have becomo so common, but they are not very creditable to tho 'authorities, and ought to be prevented some 'how. 