SPRING FLOODS. ftiuxshated expressly for the aoe, from tils 11u6siam of ivah touhqornievf. j XXXIX. In tho year 18-10 the tbeatro in Vieiibaden was beggarly in appearance, and tl'O company in thlir pompous and wretched mediocrity, in thoir" elaborate and vulgar routiuo, was not a lialFs- breadth above the level which down to these times wo way consider normal in all German theatres, and tho perfection of which has latterly been attained by tho company at lEarlsruho under tho " distinguished direc tion of Ilcrr Dovricnt. Behind tho box kaken for her highness tho Countess You Tolo- fcoff (Heaven knows how the waiter contrived to jget it, and whether ho really bought it from tho City Director)— behind this box wns a small yoom, furnished with couches ; beforo taking her place Maria Nicolnovna begged Saneon to lower Jtho screen that divided tho box from tho theatre. " I don't want to ho ccn," slio Baid, j" or people will be coming up instantly." She ilifcu made him sit by her with his back to tho fire, so that the box might seem empty. I The orchestra played tho ovcrtnro from the Marriage of Figaro. Tho curtain rose ; the piece began. . It was ono of the numerous productions of homo manufacture in which learned, but unin telligent authors worked out a so-called tragical issue, laboriously, but awkwardly, in a cultivated but lifeless style, and produced an Asiatic Emani that might bo compared to tho Asiatic xholera. Maria Nicolacvna listened patiently to half an act, but when the chief loYor on learning his mistress's perfidy (ho was dressed in a canary- colored surtout with frogs and a plush collar, a ptriped waistcoat with inother-tf-pearl buttons, Bndworo green trousers with patent leather straps and white chamois gloves), when this lover, dash ing both fists on liis breast, and stickinghisanns a- Icimbo at a' sharp angle, literally howled like a Idog. Maria Nicolacvna could stand it no longor. | " Tho moanest provincial actor in the smallest provincial town has moro character and plays fetter than tho highest German celebrity," she exclaimed indignantly, and moved her seat into the back room. "Come here," she said to Sa neon, motioning with her hand to the scat at her side on tho sofa, 44 Wo will talk." Sancen obeyed. Marja. Nicolacvna fixed her eyes on him. . " Why, I roo you aro of silk. Your wife will liavo an oasy timo of it with yon. This bungler," she continuod, pointing with tho end of her fan to tho howling actor, who played tho part of a family tutor, 44 has Tominded mo of my childhood, i, too, was in lovo with a tutor. It rwas my first— no, my socond passion. Tho first itime I lost my heart to tho servant of tho foouskoi Monastery. I was twelve years told. I only saw hitn on Sundays. Ho wore, a velvet - cassock, scented himself with la vender wator, went about tho congregation with a censor, addressed ladies in French, 'Pardon, excuse,' and never raised his oyes; but his eye lashes 'were as long as this." Maria Nicolaevna with the nail of her forefinger marked off a good Jialf of licr little finger, and showed it to Saucen. My tutor was called Monsieur Gaston. Ioughtto dull you that lie was vory loarued and very strict; a 'Swiss by birth, and with such an cuorgotic face. Whiskers black as charcoal, a Grecian profiloand lips that looked as if they wero cast in bronze. Jf'was afraid of him. In my whole life I have hover feared anyone excopt this man. IIo was iutor to my brother, who afterwards died— was drowned. A gipsy prophesied a violent death for sno too, but tlmt is all nonsense. I don't believe tin it. Can you imagine Hippolytc Sodovitch w ith a dagger 1" | 44 You may dio without being killed by a dagger," remarked Suneen.- 44 It is all stuff. You aro superstitious, so am X a little. But what must be, will he. Mon sieur Gaston lived in tho liouso with ua over my Jicud. I used somotimoB to be awake at night anil hear his steps. lie was' vory lalo in going to ted, and my heart would ilutter from awo, or pomo other feeling. My father himself could Jiardly spell, but ho gavo us an excellent educa tion. Do you know I understand Latin V' 44 You know Latin 1" "Yes, I. Monsiour Gaston taught mo. I road tho JEneld with hiai. It is a wearisome, production, but passages in it aro good. Do you remember wlion Dido and iEncas wero in tho forest together V" " Yes, yes, I roraouibor,"l8aid Saneon, hastily, lie himself hud long ago forgotten all his Xatin, and had but u faint recollection of tho JEncid. Maria Nicolacvna looked at him, after lier 'fashion, a little usido and from under hor oyelids. 44 You must not supposo, however, that I am vory earned. All, my Goty no. I am not learned nnd have no accomplishments. I can scarcely ."write — it is a fact— I cannot read aloud or play ton the piano, or sketch or sew. This is what I lain, and as you soo me." (She separated her hands. "Inm tolling you lall this," sho continued, 44 first that I may nut (listen to these idiots " (sho' pointed to tho stage, whero just then tho actress, also with her amis n-kimbo, was howling instead of the actor) 14 and next bccauso 1 am in your debt. Last night you told mo all about yourself." 4 4 You were pleased to ask mo to do so," ob served Saneon. Maria Nicolnovna turned suddenly upon him. 14 But you do not particularly care to know what sort of a woman I am. Well, 1 am not as tonished," fiho continued leaning back ngain on the sofa cushions. 44 When a man -ison the point of marrying, and marrying for love, nnd utter a <luol, how can he think of anything else?" Maria Nicolaevna bccamethoughtful, and began o bite tho handlo of her fan, with her strong but regular and milk-white teeth. But to Saneon it teemed us if that eaino vapor which for two days past had floated around him was again beginning to rise into IiIr head. Tho conversa tion between him and Maria Nicolaevna wont on in alowvoicc, almost in a wbispeiyftud .this 'ex cited Und upset him still more. Where was all this to end ? Weak peoplo never end anything for them- pelves ; they always wait for tho "end to come. Some one sneezed on the stage. This sneeze had been introduced by tho author into his pieco ns tho comic clement ; and there really was no other comio element in it ; and tho audience wero satisfied with this effect, and laughed. Even this laugh excited Saneen. . There wero moments when ho really did not know whether lie was annoyed or liappy, bored or amused. Oli, if Gemma had scon him. 44 It really is strange," said Maria Nicolaevna suddenly. 44 A man explains to you, and in such a quiet voice. 4 1 am thinking of marrying.' But noonoeays quietly to you. . 41 am thinking of throwing myaelf into the water.' Yet what difference is there between them? " Kauccn was irritated. 44 There is n groat differ ence, Maria Nicolaevna'. A man who can swim is not very eccentric if ho throws himself into the water ; but boiidcs, when you think what strange marriages aro wade, if it coincs to that He suddenly slopped, and bit his tongue. ' Marui Nicolaevna struck herself on tho hollow oi the hand with her fau. 44 Finish your sentence, Dimitri Parlovilch ; finish your sontence. I know what you mount to fay. \Sinco we havo got to that point, dear lady, Maria Nicoluevna Polozoff,' you wanted to say, 4ono can imagine nothing stranger than yourmar- riagc. You sec I know your husband thoroughly from a hoy.' This is what you wanted to say ; you who know how to swim." 44 Excuse me," Saneen began to say. 44 Isn't it true? isn't it truo?" Maria Nicol aevna said inoistingly. 44 Now look i no in tho face and tell uie that I havo not said the truth." Saneon did not know where to turn his eyes. 14 Well, forgivo me ; if you insist upon having it is true," he brought out. Maria Nicolaevna nodded her head. "Yes, . yes. Well, nnd do you not ask yourself, you, who know how to swim, what can bo the reason of so strange a procedure on tho part of a wo man, 'who is not poor, and not a fool, and not naturally bad? Perhaps this does not interest you; but no matter, I will tell you my reasonB, not now, but as soon as tho interlude is finished. I was uneasy lest cuuio onfe should. come in." Maria Nicolaevna had not uttered this last word when the outer door actually opened, and a rubicund, oiiy, still young but already toothless head, with limp long hair, 'a sunken nnso, with tars as big as those of a flying bat, with gold bpcctaclcs .on curious and diui little eyes, and with a pinec- ncs over tho spectacles, throat itself into the box. The head peered round, saw Maria Nicolacvna, smiled disagreeably, and ' nodded a neck, with swollen veins, stretched in after it. Maria Nicolacvna struck at it with her hand kerchief. 44 j mu not at homo. 1th bin niclit zu Utilise, lien P. Hist." The head was confounded, smiled in a con strained manner, taid 44 Very good, very good," in a sobbing voice, imitated iron) Liszt, at whoso 16ct it had once wept, and disappeared. 44 What creature is this?" asked Sancen. 14 This? The critic of Wiesbaden. A literary mart or a vukf tic plac c, at your pleasure, ile is In the pay of the man who rents the tables bare, and is therefore hound to pralso, everything una to be in raptures with everything ; but he is bira- &clf; saturated with a vuuouioua gall .vbicb he does not even dare to vent. J am afraid of him : ho is a horribJo gossip; he will runoff and tell every one that I am in tho theatre. Well, no matter !" The orchestra had played a waltz, nnd tho curtain rose ngain. Grimaces ami sobs began again on the stage. 44 Now," Maria Nicolacvna began, sinking back aain on the sofa, as you aro caught and must bit with mo instead of enjoying tho society of your betrothed — don't roll your eyes and don't he Aii£ry. I understuud you, and I havo tuiutuly promised -yon that I will let you go to 11 four corners of tho world — but now hcuur my $ccfes- sion. Would you like to know. what I prize moat?" 44 Freedom," paid Saneon. Maria Nicoiacvna laid her hand upon his hand. 44 Yes, Dimitri Puvlovitch," sho said, nnd her voice had a peculiar ring of a certain uncon- tciouB earnestness and dignity, 44 freedom more than everything, and above everything ; and don't suppose that I boast of this — there is nothing to boast of in it— only the case is so, and nlwtiyh jifth Ifocn, and will bo so for iao down to tho very day of iny death. I was forced in my childhood to witness too modi slavery, and suffer a great deal from it. Besides, my tutor, Monsiour Gaston, opened my eyes. Now, per haps you understand why I married Hyppolito Scdovitch ; with him, I am free, supremely free, as tho nir, as tho wind. And I knew this before marriage. I knew that with him I should be a Cossnck volunteer." Maria Nicolaevna was silent, and threw her fan aside. 44 1 will tell you ono thing more. I don't shirk reflection ; it is pleasant work, and our mind was given us to think with, but I never reflect on tho consequences of what I do myself, and when the, issue come 1 do not pity myself nn atom ; it is not worth while. I havo a pet pliraso — It doosn't matter in tho long ran. I don't know how to express it in llussian. Ayo, and indeed, what docs it maltor in tho long run ? I shall not bo called to an account on this earth ; but there"— she pointed her finger up wards — "well there ; let them arrange matters as they know how. By tho time they judge me there I shall no longer bo myself. Are you listening to mo ? Do l not boro you ?" Eanccn salo bowed forward. Ho raised his head, 44 You do not boro me at all, Maria Nicola evna ; and I am listening to you with interest. Only, I confess it, l.osk myself, why aro you tell ing mo all this?" Maria Nicolaevna drew a little nearer to him on tho sofa. 44 Ask yourself. Are you so bad a gucsscr? Or so modest?" Saneon raised his head higher still. 44 1 tell you all this, continued Maria Nicolaevna, in a quiet voice, whiclf however did not quito correspond to tho expression of her faco, "because I have taken a great fancy to you ; yes, do not be surprised, I am not jesting ; because, after I had met you, I should not havo liked to think that you retained an evil impres sion of mo, or, indeed, not an ovil ono — I shouldn't caro about that— but a wrong one. That is why I havo brought you hero, and am staying alone with you, and am talking so unre servedly to you. Yes, yes, unreservedly. I do not lie And observe, Dimitri Pavlovitch, I know you aro in lovo with another woman, and aro arranging to marry her. . Do justice to my unselfishness. But, on tho other hand, it is now for you to say in your turn, 'That doesn't matter in tho long run.' " Sho laughed, but her laugh suddenly broko down, anu sho remained motionless, as if her own words had impressed her ; and thcro ecemed to bo soinothing like shyness, something oven liko sorrow in her eyes, which wero generally very bright and fearless. 44 Sho is a serpent ; ah, sho is a serpent." thought Sancen, meanwhilo, 44 but what a lovely scrpeut." "Givoraomy opera glass," said Maria Nicola evna, suddenly. "I want to -see whether that ieune premitre is really as ugly as she looks. Positively one might thiuk that tho authorities had dressed her with tho moral intention that young peoplo should not be unduly fascinated." Sancen gave her tho opera glass, and sb sho took it from him sho caressed his hand with her two hands, rapidly butalmost audibly. "Don't be grave," alio whispered, with a Bmilc., " I tell you what, no ono can put chains on mo ; but noithor do I bind chains on anyono. I lovo freedom, and recognise no obligations for others any moro than for'myself. But now draw a little asido and let us listen to the piece." Maria Nicolaevna turned her opera-glass on tho stage, and Sunoen sot himself to look in that direction, Bitting lovel with her, in tho half gloom of tho box, and breathing, involuntarily breathing tho warmth and perfume of her luxu rious body, and vory unwillingly turning over in his thoughts all that sho had said to him in tho courso of the evening— specially in the course of the lost few minutes. XL. Tho piece still lasted more than an hour, but Maria Nicolaevna nnd Saneon soon loft off looking at the stage. They began again to converse, and this conversation travelled along the samo path way as the former ouo ; only this time Saueen was less silent. Internally ho was enraged with himself and with Marin Nicolaevna; ho was anxious to show her all tho hollow- ncss of her 44 theory, " ns if theories concerned her. Ho- hogan to quarrel with her, at which sho wns secretly very much pleased, for quarrelling moans he is giving way, or will givo way. He has como to tho bait ; ho is moving round it; ho bos ceased to bo shy. She inado repartees, laughed, agreed, was thoughtful, Attacked him— and' meanwhile his face and her face were closo to ono another ; his eyes even never ceased to dwoll upon hor eyes. Thoao eyes now waudercd, now traversed his features, nnd ho smiled in answer to her— smiled courteously, hut smiled. It suited her admirably that ho wont off into abstractions, and expatiated about tho purity of tliuir mutual relations, about duty, about tho holiness of lovo ami marriage. It is well- known that these abstractions do excellent ser- vico as a beginning— ns a point of departure. People who knew Maria Nicolnovna woll de clared that when thcro was a sudden accession of something 'tondur ami rescrvod, something like a child's bashfulness to hor powerful and vigorous being— so that you began to think whence it all came— then, yes then, tho matter was taking a .dangerous turn Evidently it was taking this turn for Saneon also. IIo might havo i'olt an inward contempt of himself, if he could 'havo concentrated bin thoughts even for a moment ; but ho could nob . concentrate his thoughts or despise himself. And sho did not wasto time. And all this was duo to tho fact that ho was not at all bad-look ing. Wo arc constrained to say against our will : how can ono know where ho will find and wbcro ho will ioso ? Tho piece endod. Maria Nicolaevna asked Sancen to adjust hor sliawl over hor, and did not stir while ho arranged its soft tiEBiie over her really imporial shoulders. Then she took him by tho hand, wont out into tho passage, and almost screamed. Dbnliof emerged at the very door of tho box like a kind of ghost, and tho odious faco of the Wiesbaden critic looked out. from behind his back. The oily face of tho lite- rary man even gleamed with malice. 44 Will you not commission ine, madam, to find your carriage for you," said the young officer, turning to Maria Nicolaevna with tho quiver of ill-suppressed fury in his voice. "No, thank you," sho replied, "my footman "will find it. Do not follow ine," sho added in an imperious whisper, and disappeared quickly, drawing Saueen after licr. 44 Go to the devil. What have you pushed me into?" shouted Donhof, suddenly, to the literary man. IIo required to discharge his passion on someone. ' 44 Very good; very good,' murmured tho literary man, and disappeared. Maria Nicolaevna' footman, who was waiting for her in tho porch, found her carriage in the twinkling of an eye. Sho quickly took her seat in' it, and Sancen Bprang in aftor her. Tho doors wore slummed, and Maria Nicolaevna burst out laughiug. 44 What aro you luttghlng at? said Saneon, curiously. . , 44 Ah, do forgive me ; but tho idea struck' mo if Ddnhof was to exchango shots with you again on my account, wouldn't it be droll." "Aro you on very intimate terms with him, ' asked Sancen. _ ' 44 With him, with this youth? He runs after mo. You needn't bo alarmed." 44 Nay, I am not at all uneasy." Maria Nicolacvna sighed, "Ab, I know you are not uneasy. But come, I toll you what : you are bo good, yon must not refuse mo ono last prayer. Do not forget that in threo days I set off for Paris, and tlmt you ore going back to Frankfort. When sh.dl wu meet?" " What is this prayor ?" "First, do you know how to rido on horso- back ?" "Yes, I do." „ 44 Well, this is it 1 I will take you parly to morrow with mo, and we will go together behind the town. Wo will have first-rato horses. After wards wo will return, finish oar business, and Amen. Do not bo surprised. Do not tell me that this is a whim, that I am a mad woman— all that may be— but simply say, 4 1 consent.'" . Maria Nicolaevna turned her face towards him. It was dark in the carriage, hut her eyes glittered even in this gleom. 44 Yes, I consent," said Saneen, with u sigh. "Ah, you sighed," said Maria Nicolaevna, imi tating biro. 4 I know what that means, 4 1 havo made my bed and I must lie on it.-' But no, no ; you are charming, you aro kind, and I will keep my promise. Hero is my hand for you without a glove, tho right hand, the working hand. . Take it, and trust its pressure. I do not know what sort of woman I am ; but I am a man of honor, and you may do business with me." Sancen, without rendering any very good f ac count to himself of what ho was doing, raised this hand to li is lips, Maria Nicolacvna quiutli allowed it, and was silent all at once, and re mained silent till tho carriage stopped. Sho began to get out. What is this? Did Saneen dream, of did ho really feel a sort of quick and glowing touch on hit? cheek, "Till to-morrow ?" Maria Nicolaova whispered him on the staircase, under tho illumination of four candles in a candelabrum, that had been seized at her appearance by a footman in gold lace. Blie kept her eyes drooped. 44 Till to morrow." . When Sancen got back into his own room lie found n letter from Gemma on tho table. Ilia first sensation was fright, and ho instantly re solved to be pleased, ho as to disguise his fright better. The letter consisted of a few lines. She rejoiced in the successful 44 beginning of the negotiation," advised him to bo patient, and added that all at homo were well, and wero re joicing beforehand over his return. Sancen found this lottor rather a dry ono ; however, ho took pen and paper, and tossed them all aside. " What is the ue of writing ? I shall be goin|! back myself to-morrow : there will be full time. He immediately Iny down in bed and tried to get to sleep a h quickly as possible. If he had remained on his feet and moved about he would probably have begun to think about Gemma ; )>ut for somo -reason ho was ashamed to think about her. His conscience was busy within him. But he comforted himself with thp reflection that „ every thing will bo finally lottled to-morrow, j»nd. that ho will be parted for ever from this im prudent lady and will forget all this nonsense. Weak people, when they talk to themselves, liko to make use of energetic expressions. nt This is what Saneen thoughtwhen he lav down to sleep ; but what he thought on tho following day, when Maria Nicolaevna tappod impatiently with the coral handlo of her whip on his door, when he saw her in the doorway of her room with a fold oi dark -blue riding habit in her hand, with a little man's hat on the thickly-plaitod-up curls, with a veil streaming over her shoulders, with a smile of invitation on hor lips, in her eyes, in her whole face— what ho then thought — as to that this history Is silent. 4 4 Now, are you ready?" a cheery voice rang out, Sancen buttoned his overcoat, and silently took up liis hat. Maria Nicolacvna threw a blight glance at him, nodded with her head, and quickly ran downstairs. And ho ran after her. The horses wore already standing in tho street before the steps. There wero thrco of them — a light chestnut pure-blooded maro, with lean cloven muzzle, with dark prominont oyes, dccr- footcd, a little out of condition, but handsome and hot as fire, for Maria Nicolacvna ; a power ful, bread-backed, heavy horse, a shining black, without a blemish, for Sancen ; tho third liorsc was destined for the groom. Maria Nicolacvna leaped nimbly upon her mare. It pawed with its feet and pirouetted, lashing out its tail and arching its back, but Maria Nico laevna' (a rare horsewoman) kept it in its posi tion ; as it was necessary to take leave of Polo- zoff, who appeared on the balcony in his un changeable fez, and in an open dressing-gown, and waved a cambric, haudkerchief from there. On the other hand, not fit all smiling, but rather frowning, Saneen mounted his horse. (Maria Nicolacvna saluted M. Bolozotf with her whip ; and then gave her horse a stroke with it on its archod and broad-lying neck ; tho horse reared, bounded forward, and went on with a elbso short step, quivoring in all its veins, champing tho bit, biting tho air nnd snorting by fits and starts. Sancen rode behind, and looked at Maria Nicola evna : her fine and snpplo figure, closely and not unduly compressed by tho corset, roso and fell self-reliantly, quickly and gracefully. She turned her head back and bcokonod him to licr with her eyes. He drew up to her — 44 Here now, you sco, how excellent it is," sho said. 44 1 tell you, in conclusion, beforo you part ; you aro charming, and you shall havo no reason for regrot." As 6he uttered theso last words sho several times bowed her head, as if she wished to empha sise them, and to make him feel their whole sig nificance. Sho seemed so happy that Saneen simply mar velled ; her face even wore tho serious expression whieli is customary with children when they aro very, very pleased. They proceeded at a foot's pace .to a barrier not far off, and then went on otu round trot along tho highway. Tho woatlier was glorious — real summer weather ; the wind streamed to meet tli'cm, and hummed and whistled pleasantly in their cars. It was well with them: tho con sciousness of young, healthy life, of free, hn- lictuous movement onwards encompassod thoin both ; it grow on them every moment. Maria Nicolnovna pulled jn her horso, and went on again at a foot's paco. Sancen followed hor oxamplc. 44 Now." sho began, with a deep, happy sigh — " now lire is only worth having for this. It you havo once succeeded in doing what you wanted to do, nnd what scorned impossible, then my soul enjoy it to the uttermost." Sho passed her hand acrosa her tliront. "And how good- humored a man feels himseif in such a moment. Now, for instance, how good-humored I am. It seems as if I would take tho whole world into my arms. No, not tho whole world. I could not ombracc this man." Sho pointed with her whip to a shabbily-dressed old man, toiling along by a sido path." " But I am prepared to make him happy. Hero, you tal>e it," sbo cried out in a loud voico, in German, ana throw a purso beforo bis feet. Tho heavy purso (at that time porle- monnaies had not yet como into use) clattered . on tho roadway. The way-farcr was astonished and started, but Maria Nicolaevna laughed, and pushed her horso into a gallop. " Do you on joy riding so much?" asked Saneen, catching her up. Maria Nicolaovna pulled up her horso again in a moment— sho ncvor Stopped it in any other, way. 44 1 only wanted to oscapo being thanked. Whoever thanks me spoils my satisfaction. You know I didn't do it on his account but on my own. How docs bo dare thank me? I did not hear what you asked me about." "I asked— I wantod to know why you arc in such high spirits to day?" 44 Do you know," said Maria Nicolnovna ; per haps she had ngain not heard Saneen, or dill not think it necessary to answer his question, " I am horribly weary of this groom, who towers up be hind as, and who is cortainly thinking only of wlion it will ple&so; tho gentry to go baclc. How would it bo if I got rid of him ?" Sho drew a note-book rapidly out of her pockot. "Shall I send him to tho town with a letter. No ; tlmt won't do! Ah! this will do. What is this beforo us? An inn." Saneen looked in tho direction whore she pointed. " Yes ; it seems to bo an inn." . "That is capital. I will tell him to stay in this inn, and drink beer till wo return." 44 What will ho think of it ?" " What docs that matter to us? But ho won't thiuk ; bo will do nothing but drink beer. 'Now, Sancen (it was tho first timo sho called him by his surname), go on— trot." When they had reached tho inn, Maria Nico laevna culled up tho groom and told liim what she wantod him to do. Tho groom, a man of English birth nnd English tomporamont. Hilently raisld his hand to the peak of his travelling cap, jumped off his horse, ami led it by tho bridle. 44 Now wo aro free birds." exclaimed Maria Nicolaevna 44 Whero shall we go? North, south, east or west?- See 1 I am like tho king of Hungary on his coronation day (she pointed with tho end of her whip to ull four quarters of the world); No; do you know what I would propose. You see fvhat glorious mountains there aro here, and what a wood. Let us go there, to tho hills, to the hills, To tho hills, whore Liberty is throned." Shoflurned off the highway, and galloped along a narrow, untrodden pathway, which actually seemed to lead to tho hills. Sanccu galloped after hor. XLII. This pathway soon changed into a track and then disappeared altogether, intersected by a ditch. Saneen ?ccoramended that they should turn, but Maria Nicolaevna said, 4 4 No, I want to ct into the hills ; let us go straight as the birds y," and made her horse jump the ditch. Saneen also took it. On the other sldo tho ditch began a meadow which was at first dry, then wot, and at last even thoroughly marshy. Tho wator oozed through everywhere, and stood in puddles. Maria Nicolaevna pushed her horse purposely into those puddles, laughod and said, " Let us be schoolboys." "Do you know the phraso 'splash-hunting?'" sho asked Saneon. " Yes," answered Saneon. " My unclo wns a fowler," 6he continued, " 1 1 used to go out with hira in the spring. Curious. Here I am now splashing with you. Only I seo you are a Russian, and yet you want to marry an Italian woman. Well, that, is your own affair. What is this? Auothor ditch. Over I" The liorse bounded over it, but Maria Nicoia- evna's hut fell off her head, and her ringlets wero scattered over her shoulders. Sancen was going to jump off his horse and pick up tho hat, but she cried out to him : "Do not touch it; t can reach it myself," bent down from tho saddle, - hooked the handlo of her whip into tho veil, and actually got Ihft hut and put it upon her head, but she did not gather up her hair, and galloped off again, and even shouted. Saneen galloped at her sido, .leaped ditches, hedges and brooks in a lino with her, sunk in parts and plungod out again, skimming midor the hills, climbing the hilb, ami was looking into her face the whole timo. What a face ! It is all as it wero laid open ; tho eager, bright, wild oyes are open ; the lips, even tho nostrils nre open and pant ; sho is looking straight at the points just beforo her, anditeeema as if hor spirit desires to dominuto all sho sees — Earth, heaven, sun and tho air itself, and aa if sho has only ono desiro ; small thought of dangers — sho has overcomo oil these. "Suuccn," sbo exclaims, "this is just in tho style of Burger's Lenore. Only you aro not dead, aro you? Not dead? I am alive." It is the exultaliou of impetuous power. This is no longer a horsewoman urging her horse at a gal lop. A young female contour, half-beast and kolf-god, is bounding along ; and the quiet and civilised country is amazed as it is trampled under foot in licr insolent riot. Maria Nicoluovua nthist pulled in her foaming, splashed horse: it quivered under her; while Saneen's powerful but heavy stallion was sob bing for breath. "Well! Is it pleasant 1" asked Maria Nico laevna, in a kind of thrilling whisper. " Pleasant I" answered caneen, rapturously ; and his blood glowed. 44 Wait. There is something yet to como." She stretched out her hand. Tho glovo on it was split. 44 1 said I would tako you to the forest, to tho mountains. Hero they are — tho mountains. Precisely so." Tho mountains covered with high trees began about two huudrcd -paces from tho Bpotlo which the irapotuoiiB riclers hod hurried. 44 See, here is tiio road. Adjust your stirrups, and— forward. Only at a foot's pace. We must allow our horses to breathe." Thuy wont on. Maria Nicolaevna threw baclc her hair with a strong sweep of her hand. Sho then looked at her gloven, and took them off. 'The hands will smell of leather," she said, 1 but that does not matter to you. Eh ?" Maria Nicolaevna smiled, and Saneen smiled too. This mad gallop had at lost as it were, inada them intimate and friends. 44 IIow old are you?" sho asked suddenly. 44 Twenty-two." 44 Impossible 1 I am twenty-two also. They are good years. Put them together and it is still somo distance to old age. How hot it is 1 Am I very red ?" 44 Like a poppy flower" Maria Nicolaevna passed a handkerchief over her face. 44 If wo could only get to the forest, it will be cool thcro. Such an old forest is like an old friend. Havo you any friends?" Sanocn reflected a little. "Only a few. No trno ones." 44 Now I havo truo ones, but not old. Hero b k friend too — my horso. How carefully he carries you 1 Ah, it is magnificent-out iiere. Is It pas slide I am going to l\iris the day after to-mor- j 44 Yes, is it possible?" rejoined Saneen. I 44 And you to Fraukfort? ' m j 44 1 am certainly going to Frankfort." 44 WclJ, in God's liamo. After all to-dayis onr own — our own — our own." Tho horses came to tho Skirts of tho wood and went within it. The shadow of the forest threw broad And foft folds over them on all sides. 44 Oh. this is paradise!" exclaimed Maria Nicolacvna. 44 Deeper, furthor into this shade, Sancen." Tho horses moved gently on, deeper into the shade, slightly 6tumbling and panting. Tho pathway along which they went suddenly swerved aside, and' was prolonged into a rather narrow gorge. Tho odor of heath, of broom, of pine gum, of tho rotting last year's leaves, penetrated to them heavily and dreamily. A strong sweet- ness went up from tho crovices between the brown big stones. Both sides of tho pathway wero overhung by round hills, over-grown with green moss. 44 Stop," cried Maria Nicolaevna. "I want to ; sit down and rest on this velvet. Help me to get down." Sancen jumped off his horso, and ran up to i licr. Sho leaned on his shoulders, loaped to earth in a moment, and Eat down on ope of tho inosH-covercd stones. Ho stood before her, hold ing tho reins of both horses in his hands. She raised hor oyes to him, "Saneen, do you know how to fight?" Sancen remembered yesterday's scone in the carriage. 44 Is this a question or a reproach ?" 44 From my birth upwards I have never re proached any one. Well, do you beliovo in en chantment?" 44 IIow do you mean?" 44 In cncbautmcnt — you know what is sung about it in our ballads. In the .simple national Russian songs ?" 44 Well, what aro you bilking about?" con tinuod Sancen. , t . , 44 Why,, about this. I believe in it, and you , believe in it." 44 Enchantment — witchcraft," ropcatcd Sa ncen. 44 Everything in tho world is possible. I used not to believe in it ; but I do now. I do not recognise myself." Maria Nicolacvna' was thoughtful, and looked behind her. 44 It seemed to me as if somehow I knew this placo. Look, Sancen ; is there a wooden red cross standing behind this broftd oak or is there not?" Saneen stepped a little to one Bide. 44 It stands thcro." - Maria Nicolaevna smiled. "Now, all right. I know where wo ore. So far, we havo not lost ourselves. What is this rapping ? A wood cutter ?" Saneen looked into the thickot. 44 Yes, there is somo sort of a man thcro cutting up dry boughs." 44I must arrange my hair," said Maria Nico lnovna. "Come, let mc say and do." She took off her hat nnd began to plait her loug hair. Silently and decorously Saneon stood beforo hor. Her symmetrical limbs wero clearly outlined under the dark folds of the habit, with tendrils of moss clinging to it all over. One of tho horses suddenly shook itself behind Saneen's back ; ho himself could not help quiver ing from head to font. Ail in him wus excited ; his nerves woro strung like the chords of a mu sical instrument. IIo was not wrong in saying that ho could not recognise himself. He wa3 really bewitched. His whole being was full of one — ono thought, one wish. Maria Nicolaevna .throw a penetrating glnnco upon him. 44 Now it is all as it should be," sho said, put ting on her hat. 44 Won't you sit down? Here is a place. No, wait ; don't eit down. What is all this?" A hollow vibration went along tho tops of tho trees, along the summer air. 44 Is this thunder?" 44 It seems as if it were really thunder," re plied Sanocn. 44 Ah, then, this is a holiday — a genuine holi day. Only this wus wanting." Tho hollow roar resounded a second time, swollcd, and died away rollingly. 44 Bravo ; cncorc. Do you remcmbor, I was talking to you yesterday about tho iEncid. Its hero and iieroine wero also caught by a storm in a wood. However, wo must tako ourselves off." Sho jumped nimbly upon her feet. "Bring mo my horso. Givo mo your hand. That is it. I am not heavy." She seated horaclf in tho saddle with a bound. Sancen also mounted. 44 Aro you going home?" Ire said, in an unsteady voice. 44 Home?" sho replied, after a pauso, and gathered up her reins. 44 Follow mo," she ordered im, almost rudely. Sho got on to the road, and, avoiding the rod cross, plungod into the gorgo, camo out on a crossway, turned to the right and then again to tho hills. Sho evidently knew whore she was going, and this path led quito into tho depth — yes, tho depth of tho wood. She said nothing, and did not look behind her. Sho moved on imperiously in front, and ho followcdhcrobcdicntly and submissively, with out a spark of will in his numbing heart. The rain bogan to patter down. She quickened hor horse's pace, and he did pot lag after her. At lust, througli the deep green of older bushes, from under a canopy of gray rock, appeared a wretched hut, with a low door in its weather- . bound wall. Maria Nicolaovna made hor horse plungo through the bushes, jumped off it, and suddenly pausing at tho door of tho hut, turned 'to Sancen, and whispered <4.Encas." Four hours Iator Marin Nicolaovna and Saneen, accompanied by the groom, nodding in bis saddle, returned to "Wiesbaden, to tho hotel. M. Pole- zolT met his wife holding a letter to the agent in bis hands. As ho looked moro attentively at hor, however, bo oxprcssed some dissatisfaction in his countenance, and oven muttered, 44 Havo I last tiio bet." Maria Nicolacvna only shrugged her shoul ders. Tlmt samo day, two houra later, Saneen stood In his room before her, like ono lost and ruined. / _ 44 Whero are you going ?" sho askodhim; "to Paris or to Frankfort?" 44 1 am going to wherevor you will be, and will stay with you till you drive ine away," bo replied desperately, and howod himself into tho hands of his monarch. Sho freed them, laid them on his head, nnd took up his hair with all her fingers. She slowly arranged and ourled this irresponsive hair ; sho drew herself all up ; there wus a curl of triumph on hor lips, and hor eyes, dilating and dozzlingly bright, expressed only p.ibsiunless torpor and the satiety of con quest. Such aro the eyes of a hawk which holds a captured bird. XLII I. This is what Dimitri Sunoen remembered when in tho quiet of his study, turning ovev his old papers, ho found tho garnot cross among them. Tho circumstances we nave related roso up clearly and consecutively beforo his luent&l; gaze. But having reached tho point of time when he had turnod with such a degrading prayer to Madomo Polozoff, when ho. had pot herself under her feet, wlion his slavery bad begun, he turned away from the images ho lmd conjured up, and did not wish to remember any more. And that, not becauso his . memory failed ; oh no, ho knew, ho very well knew, what had followed on that minute ; but shame suffocated him; aye, and did even now, after an 'interval of so many years ; ho dread&i; that feeling of imconquerablo contempt for him self which, ho could not doubt, would infallibly assail hi in, nnd overwhelm all other feelings as if under a fibod, if lie only docs not command his memory to keep silence. But however he might turn away from the recollections that rise up, ho could not stifle them.' Ho remembered tho. wretched, tearful, dishonest, whining letter ho hud sent to Gouima — a letter that had remained unanswored. To ehow himself beforo her, to go back to her, after such a treachery, such a change— no, no 1 Ho had yet enough conscience and honor left not to do that. Besides, ho hod lost all confideuco in himself, all solf-re- speut ; lie did not now d&re; pledge liim&elf; to anything, baneen rememberod also how, later on — oh disgrace ho bad sent tho Polozoff s valet to fetch away his things in Frankfort, how frightened lie had been, how he had only thought of ono tiling, how to got ;is quickly as possible to Paris, to Paris; how by Maria Nicolaevna's direc tion ho had Haltered and courted Hippolyte Sedo- vitch, and had put himself on friendly terms with Dnnbof, on whose finger ho had observed precisely such an iron ring . as Maria Nicolaovna had givon him. The came oven . worse, even more humiliating recollections. The waiter gives him a visiting card, and it bears the name of Pantalcone Cippatola. court singer to his Royal Highness tho Duke or Modena. He re fuses to receive the old man, but cannot avoid meeting him iu the passage, and an angry faco rises up before him under a grey tuft bristling up ; aged eyes glow liko coals, and threatening exclamations and curses aro heard. "Curae on you," woro the terrible words; "coward, in famous traitor," are audible. Sanocn winks his eyes, shakes liis head, turns away again and again ; and all tho same sees himself sitting in a travelling carriage on tho narrow front seat. In tho comfortable back scats sit Maria Nicolaevna and Ilippolyto Sedovitch — four horses ore flying along at a uniform trot along the Wiesbaden high way to Paris—to Paris, llippolyte Bodovitch is ' eating a pe«r? which ho (Sancen) has pared for him, and Maria Nicolaevna is looking at him, and is smiling tho smile which lie the captured man already knows well, tho Binile of an owner, of a mistress. But, good God, here at the corner of tho street, not far from where you leave the town, is not that Pantalcone standing there again? Now who is with hira ? Is it F.mile ? Yes, it is he ; that enthusiastic devoted boy. For a long time his young heart venerated his hero, his ideal : but now his pale, beautiful face — so beautiful that Maria Nicolaevna observed it, and leant for ward to tho window of the carriagcn-this noble face breathes anger and contempt; the eyes — ' very liko her eyes— fasten upon Saneen, and the lips ore compressed and open suddenly for in sult. But Pantalcone Btretches out his hand, and points out Saneon— to whom? To Tortaglia. who is standing - near him — and Tartaglia haras at Snneen, and ths very bark of tho honest dog sounds like an intolerable insult. It is awk ward. But, then — life In Paris, amid all tho humilia tions. all the loathsome Bufferings of tho slave, who is not allowed to be jealous or to complain, and who is at last thrown aside like a worn-out dress. Then the return to fatherland — the poisoned, vacant life, little troubles, little embarrassments, hitter and profitless 'despair and equally jrofitle 1 and bitter oblivion ; punishment, not public, but | renewed every minute and never ceasing, liko a I elight but incurable malady ; a dubt paid by | farthings, which it is impossible to compute. The cup has been filled. Enough. In what way had the cross which Gemma gavo ' to Sancen been preserved ? Why had he not re turned it to her ? How was it that down to this day ho had never corao upon it ? lie rat for a long timo meditating, and, being now schooled by experience through so many years, he could not . understand how ho could have deserted : Gemma, whom lie loved so tenderly and pas sionately, for a woman whom he did not love at all. Next day lie Astonished all his friends and relations ; ho crplamed to them Hint lie was going abroad. Society ftt large could not understand it. Saneon ! was leaving St. Petersburg in the niiddlo 1 of tho winter season, just ns ho had taken ! and furnished a capital cct of rooms,, and had i even subscribed to a series of performances at ; the Italian Opera, in which Signora Patti hcr- 1 self was to take part ; no less a person than j Signora Pntti. His friends and acquaintances | wero at their wits' end ; but people do not : generally occupy themselves for any very long i timo with other people's concerns ; and when Saneen went out of tho country, only a French tuilor caino to accompany him to tho railway station, nnd he in the hopes of getting an unpaid account, for a black velvet shooting-coat, in tho first fasuton. XLIV. Sancen bad told his friends that he was going abroad, but bad not told them whero in par ticular. My readors will easily guess that he went straight to Frankfort. Thanks to tho rail ways, that have been multiplied everywhere, ho got thoro on the fourth day after> leaving St. Petersburg. Ho had not visited it since tho year 1840. Tho ."SVhito Stork Hotel stood in its old place, and was prosperous, though it was no longer reckoned first- : class ; tho Stall, tho principal street in Frankfort, was scarcely changed, but tliero re mained not & trace not merely of Signora Ro- tfolli's house, but of tho very street in which her shop bad stood. Saneon Wandered liko a mad man, in places which wero then very well known, and did not recoguiso one of tboin. The earlier erections had disappeared, new streets filled with rows of big houses, and with neat villas, had taken their place; even the public gardens, whero his Inst oxplanntion with Gemma had taken place, had so grown and was so changed that Sancen ashed himself whether this was really tho garden? What wub he to do? How and where to prosecnlo his inquiries? Thirty years bad passed since then. Was it an easy mutter? To whomsoever ho turned no ono had ovef heard of the name of Rosclli. The land- lorcl of the hotel advised him to look it up in tho public library ; ho would of course find all tho old newspapers there ; but what "good ho would get from this tho laudlord himself could not explain. Saneon in despair inquired after Hcrr Kltiber. This name was very well known to tho landlord, but here too he was unlucky. The exquisite shopman, having prospered and attained to the rank of capi talist, had failed and gone bankrupt, and died in prison. This news however did nob occasion Baneen tho smallest regret. Ho now began to thing his journey a little inconsiderate. But ono day, as he was throwing, opon the Frankfort Directory, ho stumbled upon tho namo of Yon Dbnliof, major on half-pay. Ho at onco took u cab and wont off to him, though why must this Ddnhof necessarily bo that Ddnhof, and why Bhould even that Donhof bo able to givo hira any news about tho Rosclli family. It was all one ; a drowning man catches at a straw. Saneen found half-pay Major von Ddnhof at homo, and immediately recognised his old an tagonist in the grey-haired gentleman who re ceived him. And the other recognised him, nnd was evou. glad to see him ; it reminded him of his youth and bis youthful escapades. Saneen heard from him that the Rosclli family had emigrated long, long ngo to America, to New York ; tlmt Gemma had married a merchant ; and that Donhof akso knows a merchant who is probably acquainted with Jier husband's address, as he has large dealings with America Sancen asked Ddnhof to call on this acquaintance, and, oli joy I Ddnhof brought him tho address of Gemma's husband, Mr. Jeremiah Slocam, New York, Broadway, No. 501. Only this address re ferred to the year 1863. " Wo will hope," exclaimed Donhoff, " that onr old Frankfort beauty is sfill alivo, and has not left New York. By-tho-byo," ho added, drop ping his voice, " do you remember tho Russian lady who was staying about that timo in Wies baden, Madame Yon Bo — Vou Bolozoff, is Blie still alivo?" "No," nnswerod Sanoeu ; "sho died long ago." Donhof raised his eyes, but observing that Saneen turnod away and frowned, ho said nothing more and went off. That snuio clay Saneen sent a lottor to Mrs. Gemma Slocum in Now York, In this letter ho told her that ho was writing to hor from Frank fort, where he had come only to discover traces of her ; that he vory well know how completely ho had lost tho smallest right to bo ro- membercd by hor ; that ho in no way doaorved her pardon ; and that ho only hoped that sho had long forgotten his existence in tho happy situation in which sho now wns. , IIo added that ho had resolved to ro- concilo himself to hor memory, in consequence of a ehanco circumstance, which had called up very vivid images of tho post in his memory ; ho describod his solitary, homeless, joyless life to hor ; he implored her to do justice to the reasons which had induced him to turn ngain toiler; and not to force him to carry to the grave tho bitter consciousness of his fault, which had long been oxpatiated but not pardoned — and to give him tho plcasuro of receiving though it were but a few lines to say bow she finds life in this now .world to which she has withdrawn. 44 If yon only writo mo ono word," so Sunoen ended his lottor, " you will bo doing a good deed, worthy of your noblo nature, and I shall be gratoful to you down to my last breath. I am staying here in tho White Stork Hotel (ho underlined theso words), and I shall await your answer till spring." Ho despatched this latter, aud set himself to wait. Ho spent six whole weeks in tho hotel, almost without leaving his room, and literally seoing no one. No ono could write to him from Russia, or from anywhere ; and ho wished it to bo so ; if a 'letter camo addressed to him be would at onco know that it was the letter ho was expecting. Ho read from morning to evening, and not tho newspapers, but serioUB books, works on history. Tbis continued reading, this silence, this snail- like, secretive life, all this was thoroughly con genial to his spiritual temperament for the time ; thanks to Gemma for this — for yet ono thing. But is sho olive ? Will she answer him ? At Inst a letter came with the American post mark, from New York, addressed to him. Tho handwriting of the address on the envelope was English, lie did not recognise it, nnd his heart Rank within him. It 'was some timo before he could resolvo to break it open. Ho looked at tho signature : Gemma. Tears even welled from his eyes : tho simplo fact that sho had subscribed her namo without her euriiame sufficed as a pledge of peace and pardon. Ho opened tho thin leaf of that bluo post paper and a cartodo visite fell out of it. He hastily picked it up, and was stupefied. Gemma, tho living Gemma, youjjg as he bad known her thirty years back. Tho samo eyes, the same lips, the same type of the whole countenance. On the back of tho photo graph was written — 44 My daughter Marianna." Tho wholo letter was , very affectionate and simple. Gemma thanked Sancen for not having hesitated to turn to her, for having trusted hor ; she did not conceal irom him that she had spent heavy momcuta after bis desertion, but at tho samo time Bho added that under all circumstances she esteems, and has always esteemed, her meeting, linn a happiness, sinco this meeting saved her from becoming tho wife of Horr KlUber ; and so, though indirectly, was yet tho cause of her marriage with licr actual husband, with whom she has lived now twenty- eight years very happily in content and afUuencc. Their house is known to all New York. Gemma informed Saneen that she hod fivo children, four sons and one daughter eighteen years old olive, whoso carlo do visite she sends him, as the general opinion Is that she is very like ncr mother. Gemma added sad news at the end of her letter. Frau Lonore had died in New York, whither she had followed her daughter aud son-in-law, but had lived to rejoico in the happiness of hor children, and -to nurso her grand children. Pantalcone had also prepared to go to America, but had died beforo they left Frank fort. 44 But Emile, our dear incomparable Emilc, died a glorious death for tho freedom of his fatherland in Sicily, where ho went in tho ranks of the Thousand, whom the great Garibaldi led. We all bitterly deplored tho death of my precious brother, but even while tho tears fell we wero proud of him, and wo shall for ever bo proud, and count his memory holy. His lofty insatiable spirit was worthy tho martyr's ctown." Then Gemma expressed her regro. that Saneen's life, as it seemed, had been so unsuccessfully or dered—wished him beforo olse all tranquillity and spiritual calm, and said that she should be glad to meet him, though she knows that such a mealing is highly improbable. We will net attempt to describe tho feelings which Saneen experienced as he read this letter. There is no satisfactory expression for such feel ings ; they aro deeper and moro powerful and more indefinite than any other form of speech. Only music could render them. Eaoceu replied at onco and Bent Marianna Slooum as a wedding gift "from an unknown friend," tbo garnet cross set in a magnifi cent diamond necklace. This gift, though very costly, did not ruin hira ; in the course of the thirty years that hud passed since he first stayed in Frankfort ho had succeeded in amass ing considerable property. Early in May ho rc- turnod to St. Petersburg, but perhaps not for long. It is reported that ho is selling all his property and is going to America. Thb EXD. 