PRESENTATIONS TO THE REV. H. M- FINNEGAN. G.G. THE GEENFELL TESTIMONIAL. fFroni tho Grtnfell Record.' J : On Monday eventug, October zDtb, a nuraoor oi Fattier Finncgau's late parishioners assembled in^ St. Joseph's schoolroom, for tho purpose of presenting* the rev. gentleman with an address and purse of sovereigns, to mark their appreciation of tlie zeal and earnestness which he had displayed in carrying on the work in the Grenfell district. . A large number of ladies wero present, and we noticed several members of other denominations in the room. Upon the motion of Mr. Myers, Mr. Brodie took tbe chair, who, having explained the object for which they had met, called upon Mr. P. Walsh to read the address. Air. waisa tuen reao tne lonowing 'To THE RkV&BBHD; H. M. FlflNBOAN, P.P., ( Gcndaoai, ' Rev. and Dear Sir, — You have laboured amongst us earnestly and devotedly for a period of ten years, and we corao forward on this welcome occusion of your first visit sinco you were promoted to tbe charge of tbe OondAgai Mission, to tender our most cordial con gratulations, as well as to present you with some tangible expression of our most nfTcctionate esteem. ' We, your former parishioners, bold that a priest who labors energetically for bis people dcscrres some grateful recognition of his labours. ' What these exertions havo been are well known, and deeply appreciated by us, especially when we consider tbe arduous duties you undertook when this mission was in its mere infancy ; and this motive animating our hearts, bns suggested tbe presentation of this purse of sovereigns, which we offer to you, our former beloved parish priest. ' Tbe churches, schools, priests' and teachers' abodes erected, as well ns valuable glebes secured, in different parts of tho Mission, arc only a few of the many admirable fruits of that unflagging energy and single-minded devotedncs* conspicuously characteristic of your pastoral life. ' Your eagerness and readiness at all times, and under the most trying circumstances, to administer tbo consolations of religion to your flock in this most scattered Mission, shull be always before our eyes, and present to our hearts. 11 It would ho ungracious on our part not to avail ourselves of this opportunity to advert also to your wise and ablo advocacy of our interests in the matter of Catholic Education, nnd especially are wo mindful, with great gratitude, of tbe occasion when, by great self-denial and sacrifices, extending over a period of three years, you secured for us, through the influence of Parliament, an endowed and efflcient Catholic School, wherein our little ones can rccuivo tho highest and greatest of all blessings, tbe benefit of a true Christian education* ' Finally, rev. and dear Father Finnegan, for these and many other benefits you havo bestowed upon us, it will be our earnest prayer tbnt your life m-jy be spared long to perform nutty other works and scrvice for tbe glory of God, and tho benefit, of our holy religion ; aud we earnestly icquest a memento of ourselves, and of our special wants, whenever you celebrate Holy Masi at the altar of (3od. ' Signed for aud on behalf of the Catholics of Grenfell. ' P. Walsh 11 J. O'Dwyor ' Thus. M'Novin; J.P. ?? tr. U. i^rouio, d.l'. ' J. McAllister ** J. G. Myers.' [Tbe address was a beautiful picce of illuminated work, from the office of Mewrs. Giblis, Shullard, aud Co., nnd was very nicely framed.! Futber Finnegan, in reply, saiil no words of his could adequately express his feelings towards tlioin for the kind, substantial, and acceptable proof of their alRc tion and esteem, ns the kind nnd warm sentiments of their address hnd far outrun and magnified his deserts. He felt he would not only be ungenerous, but unjust, if he did not divide the greater part of the praiso lavished upon him with those to whom it properly belonged. Their assuranco that his efforts in the discharge of his priestly duties had met with their appioval, could not bo anything else but most gratify ing to him. Tho honour acquitcd for their possessing the churches, schools, nnd other temporalities men tioned in their address, was to be distributed amongst tbe zealous Catholics of the district, who had always contributed so generously towards any cause for tbe furtherance of religion or Catholic education ; therefore, if bo took any credit to himself in this respect it must be merely of a representative or official cbaractor. If the old and cvertasting Irish Catholic charity did not exist abundantly amonaal them, be feared they would not have been able to enumerate the many works they bad attributed to bis personal exertions. For the' existence of their school, they bad mainly to thank themselves, having lourageously sustained it at a heavy pecuniary sacrifice since the year 1871. Its present efliciency was, Ik might, say, due to good conduct of its teacher, Mr. Myoi s, who was most painstaking and attentive in bis duty. Tlndr h'jIkmI did not receive State aid until 1S73, an l here again ho must not altogether take to himself the merit, of obtaining the grant. He would, indeed, ht). ungrateful if he did not tonder his publio thanks to the lion. Jaineu Watson, who by his untiring, persevering energy, nnd judicious exercise of bis inllocnuo in the Legislature, brought about such a happy re&ult; as the endowment of their school. No doubt they might say that all the good he bad done for them and others had bccu nullified by his sudden change of opinion from Dsnominutionalisin to Feculariwn, nml by bis advocacy of tbe Public Instruc tion Bill, which is essentiully opposed to Catholio interests. Although there was no one more sorry than he (tbe speaker) was for Mr. Watson's renunciation of his principles on the Education question, still be roust confess he bad been very solicitous for the genera! interests of the district, nnd he had hopeB that he would yet bo with tbcm on tbe Sctiool question. He believed Mr. Watson, with many others, had been led astray from a just consideration of tbe Kducation Bill by a senseless cry similar to that of tbo 'Kiama Ghost.' When tbo Collective Wisdom of the country bad recovered its reason, from the fanciful apparitions of the Pastoral scare, they would find Air. Watson again witb his old friends nnd companions, Messrs. Alexander Gordon. and tShepberd Smith, standing with them iii the breach, to protect tbe Christian system of Education. The mass of tbe Church of England, botfi clergy and laity, firmly held with them that true educution must be based upon Cbristinnity, and that Christianity must.be doctrinal ; they were also most 'solicitous for the proper secular instruction of thoir Catholic'- chih'ren; -Thero wns nothing more certain tlan that. tbe Christian education of their yo -th could rear up a .Christian people, and that the education from which ..^hristianity is excluded wilt tear up a people without religion, which will soon become anti Christian. M Philosophy, ' says Dr. Camming, ' may make a crowd; Christianity nlone makes n people.' Liberal- minded men will yet fee that while we re cognise the impottance of Christian education, we are not thereby antagonistic to tbe good of others. They were most solicitous for the proper education of Catholic children, but they were at the same timo conscientiously convinced that, for education to be complete, it should not only embracc the intelleot but the soul, und.that it should be applied to the moral as well as to tbe mental qualities of tbo child. It waa incumbent ou them, therefore, as . Catholics, to make knowD.to their legislators nnd tba public that the fieedom of Catholic parents, in selecting schools for their children, cannot be met by tbe present Public Fchoots Bill. They did not quarrel with the Secu larists for their wish of secular schools — let them have their Publio Schools by all means— but they did witb their funaticism and tyranny, in imposing upon them, and a largo section of the Chuich of England, the views they entertained. Thoy could not help grumb ling wlion they hud to pay rates for schools which were of no use to them, nnd whon at tbe snrno time they bad to band up money for tho maintenance of schools pre servative of the Christiau faith of their youth. Could there be nny tyranny more gross than this? Thero wero Secularists, who acknowledgo no religious prin ciple whatever, defining for them what shall bo the extent of their faith, and tho limit of their boliof ie jardingthe education of their youth, lie hoped he iad not detained them too long by his remarks, but ho subject onco started, he was liable to bo carried iway oil a matter of such vital importance to Catholics. Ie would conclude by assuring theiuj his dear Grenfell frionds, that bo was very thankful to them for thaitf kindness to him on tho ocoaBion of his visit, and that they should always have tbe best wishes of bis heart for their weal here and hereafter ; nor should ho ever forget to offer up his ardent supplications for both at Qod's holy altar. He would conclude by saying good bye, and God bless them. Father Finnegan then moved a v®te of thanks to Mr. Brodie for presiding, and said he felt flattored at that gentleman taking so prominent a position. He also wished to tbnnk tho committee for preparing such a beantiful address, and also for their othor acts of kindness. He tbankeu the ladies for assembling so numerously that evening, and also for their maoy favours to him while ho was in tho Grenfolt Mission; thoy had afforded him great assistance in carrying on the work of tho Cbarch and school. Mi. Brodie replied that it gavo him great pleasure to be present on the. occasion all who .knew Father Finnegan would bear bim (tho speaker) out in his restimony to the zeal at all times displayed by tho tev. gentleman, and that tba testimonial, was but a small return for tho services rendered. ; The assemblage then dispersed. 