CLARENDON. ( From our Correspondent .) | The Clarendon school is still shut up, no teacher having yet been appointed to fill the vaoancy caused by the resignation of Mr. Gil ford. Geraloambetii Diggings. — There are now four hundred to five hundred minors on tho ground, and from sixteen to twenty claims ou payable gold. There are about twenty sliantieSj R three or four butchers' shops, about as many H stores, a doctor, a painter, &e.; Everywhere H excitement and activity are observable. Gold B has been obtained two miles away, and I feel B quite justified in saying that the place is soon R destined to be very largely populated, and there B seems to bo no doubt that gold will ? B be obtained in payable quantities over a vory . B - large area of country. As much as £20 a sharo fil has been offered at some of the claims. If, as I ' 89 have often heard remarked, 'Where thero is RB plenty of drinking there must bo plenty of gold,' Hj holds good, there must bo plenty here. Tho iflB shanties are reaping a rich harvest. There will H soon be needed here very strict police supertislofi B| to keep in check tho growing rowdyism and iaw- E lessness of tho place. At tho same timo tho H miners are a fine, intelligent, hard-working sample H of the Australian gold seekers. No end of dis- H putes have arisen between tho selector and tho B diggers ; petitions and counter- petitions have boon B forwarded to head-quarters, which culminated in R a commission of inquiry before tho Warden at nl Gundagai, on tho 10th instant. The inquiry R was principally for the purposo of taking ovidenco, R which is to bo forwarded' to tho Minister for R Lands or Mines. I will let your readors know El more about this and othor matters when somo- R thing final and satisfactory has been accom- fl pliahed. R The Election. — Nothing is talked of now but H tho election, and it is quite a rage in Gundagai. -R Eorster seems to bo a prime favourite tliore, R though it is generally believed that Ferrier will R score a largo number of votes amongst the selec- R tors. Tho Orange champion Pinkstone, Coota- ? B mundra Herald, is raising heaven and : earth to B score a win, but I. opine his time would bo far H more profitably spent if he sat quietly down, and R re-read ' the battle of the Boyne.' Forster has, R powerful friends in Gundagai, his committee is a R strong and influential one, and they will leave no R stone unturned to sccure his return. For my own R parti feel quite confident of his victory, and I can- R not understand how such men as Pinkstono or M Ferrier could stand tho ghost of a show against R one whoso superior in point of honour, education, Kg independence, and ability is not contained in the R Southern Hemisphere. R Tho weather is getting fearfully warm — -but Kg thero is plenty of grass and water, and stock of R every description are in first-class condition. R November lltli. R Later Mining-. — Since writing the foregoing R gold has been struck about half a mile north- R east of tho rush, and on tho opposite sido of tho R range. Sixty or eighty shafts aro already R going down, and tho prospects so far are R three or four grains to the dish, and still R 'dipping.' A few shafts aro being tried two I miles away, and in fact the whole of tho I country is undergoing a rigid search. Thero aro Jg at least six hundred miners here already. I Kg would, however, warn miners at a distance to wait R where they are until I can give them certain in- R formation of tho claims, which I hope to bo R able to do in a few weeks. R 