MEAT EXPORTATION. SYDNEY MORNING HERALD, MARCH 2. A number of gentlemen interested in th* meat exportation questionassmbled yester day afternoon at Mr. Mort'a Freezing Works, Darling Harbour, to take into consideration the questions whether it would bo preferable to have meat killed in the interior or in Sydney, and whether ie should be shipped with the skin on or without that covering. The course adopted to settle these questions was the examination of the carcase of a fat wether killed at Mr. Carlo Marina's Hoppity station, near Young, on the 14th August last, sent down to Sydney, and frozen eight days afterwards. This wether, with several others, was forwarded with the skin on to Captain Farquhar, and yester day was skinned by an experienced bu tdier. When frozen, the carcase weighed Gflilb., and when put on the scale previously to being skinned it weighed 711b., the increase being due'to moisture acquired by the fleece in the transit to the freezing works. On being skinned the meat was found to be in perfect condition, every part being sound and sweet. A slight clamminess or dampness wes noticeable on the outsit c for a time, but this was owing to the vapours of the heated atmosphere con densing on the intensely cold carcase. The wool looked excellent, being elastic and lustrous ; and if, as is calculated, the wool and tho pelt will fetch a price at home which will more than pay for the carriage thither of the meat, there can be no two opinions on the question that it would bo better to send the carcases home uuskinned than to go to tbe expense and troublo of skinning them and cover ing them with canvas. The meat was, as we have said, in faultless condition, but no definite general opinion as to the respective merits of killing it here -or at the pasture ground was taken. Consider ing, however, that it was winter or early spring when it was seat down, and that should a meat trade with England be established, the supply would hai^e to be kept up in summer as well a.% winter, we think: that nubetter course could be adopted than to freeze the meat at the slaughter ing establishment, send it down in cool trucks, and freeze it again here. Mr. .Marina states that a wether like 'the one skinned yesterday was ■ sent tv England in the Strathleven, and that twonthcrj, weighing 841b. each, are still reposing in the cool shades of the '. chilling room at Mort's Freezing Works.; ':. ■ Th* " Southern Cross;" writing of the late XHuistrtr, eays:-^-"Of the politically dead we-are bound to speaks justly; we need set nothing djwn .in malice, bat loyalty to truth forbids that we-should in anything extenuate. Honest judgments ou- public men and public deeds have an educating force on the public conscience, and are a plain, debt we- owe to public morality. The charity which would attempt to - sweeten the. malodorous reputation of the defunct Parliament would be itself a vicious thing, disloyal to rectitude and to obligations which are more sacred than even those of cliarity. Whatever pnn writes the biography of the last Parliament must record that, though: it included many good men and cherished many good intentions, yet its history 'was almost wholly evil. It irritated all inteieats and it served none. ,It wrote no new law ou our statute book which will survive. It added nothing to the national possessions. Violence, corruption,- strife, and - barrenness were its characteristics. Drunken men voted in it, and violent men brawled anil scuffled. "With tbe causes of its failure we are not concerned; the fact is confessed by all parties and on all titles. It stands iv. the brief line of Victorian Parliaments; fluttering its r.ig* to the winds, a figure on which no one can gaze with anyt'iing but shame, and the kindest fate it can ask is—to be forgotten." A strange story, says the " Bcndigo Inde pendent," reaches us from the Sbeepwash. A few evenings since, four wondcarters were returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sbeepwash. The night was clear, the moon being high iv the heavens. When they reached the Junction Hotel, they turned off on a buah track and travelled aluiig fur a shoit distance. Suddenly they saw approaching them the figuie of a head less female draped in white, and gliding along apparently without any exertion. Each wouilcarter was riding in his own drey. They gazed with fascinated honor on the spectacle, nono of them able to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair is that the wen say that directly ie passed one cart it became visible to those sitting in the other cart. Thus it appeared tv each wood carter one after the other. Although dressed in white there appeared to be a yellowish hue surrounding tlie figure. For four nights in succession the ghost, or whatever it was, was seen, and the woodcartcrs became at last afraid, so that when they arc now going home with the empty draya, they all ride together. Had the ttory been related to us by oue person only, tew penile would place any eredeuce in it, but ?hen half■? dozen men emphatically relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have arranged to "pot" the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual, therefore, is playing a triuk, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. 