THE BISHOPS VETO. TO TBB EDITOa. Sir — In year iwne of Monday my ecclesias tical saperior and friend, the Very Reverend the Dean of Adelaide, after quoting my asser tion that ' the Prayer- book seta tne mark of invalidity on au non-episcopai separations to the ministry,*' sajs he does not find this in the , Prayer-book, and it would be interesting to knew where I have found it. Please let me show -where it is. In the preface to the ?* Ordinal' I read : — ' No mim shall be accounted or taken for a lawful bishop, priest, or deacon in the Church, of England, or suffered to execute any of the said I unctions, except he be called, tried, examined, aud admitted thereunto a. cording to the form hereafter following, or hath had: for merly episcopal consecration or ordination.' . l'he»e words do I maintain plainly and publicly set the mark of invalidity on all non- episcopal separations to the ministry. How do they operate '( They require that though Boman or Greek priests coming over are to be received as clergymen, yet th*t when one who has only bad what our uon-Epiacopalian fellow Christiana regard as ordination wishes to labjur with ua he most be taken as a mere laymin, be then made a deacon, aud after a year be ordained priest, should he, having fulfilled the further requirements for that ottice, so desire. And he must be ordained unconditionally ; not even with an 'if thou art not already ordained.' Nor -9 this an obsolete law. Never a year passes but th&t; non - Epiaeopilian ministers, alter years of service in other denom inations, come over to tbe Anglican Church, are received as laymen, and are made deacons, although at the very aa-ne time clergymeu in .Roman or Eastern orders are or would be received as priests, and m- set to work. If this is not setting the mark of invalidity en non- episcopal separation to the ministry it passes my power to conceive how it could be more effectually doue. Nor does the admittedly reserved language of Article xxiii., and even of part of the preface to the ''Ordinal' to my mind help the Dean. The reason for that reserve is obvious. AVhen the modern Anglican formularies were drawn, tbe reformed communities were strug gling for very life against the power of Home, the Church of England not less than the Lutherans of Germany and the Presbyterians of Scotland. They were all so fax making common cause, and wisdom dictated nniirititins language. If, therefore, when the motive foe recognising non-fpiscopid ordinatious was so strong, and so evidently felt, they were yet, when it came to action, treated as invalid, it mmt have been because their admission was believed to be impossible — absolutely incom patible with that appeal to 'holy Scripture and ancient authors' ' on which the Church of England based her protest against the Boman claims. The reserve of her language, coupled with the decUiveneas of her ucto, stems to me greatly to emphasize her witness to the indispennability. of episcopal ordination, and, therefore, of Bishops. All Anglicans admit the validity of non Episcopalian baptism when the proper matter and words are used ; and I hope all (certainly I), with Bishop Cooiu, ** in mind and affection join and unite with all who worship and call on God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' longing and praying for the day when there shall again be visibly ' one body' as well as one Spirit and one hope of our calling. I am, Sir, kc, H. M.POLLITT. 