Current Politics. THE Pacific Islanders Bill has been undergoing a process of transformation in the Council. A broad distinction has been drawn between "laborers" and "islanders," the first-named term being applied to tho recruit f-om the islands, the latter to the emancipated laborer who has completed his terln of three years, and who thereafter is, by the Council's amendments, left pretty much to bis own devices. " Tropical and semi-tropical agriculture" has been defined to include the cultiva'ion of maize, arrowroot, and indigo, as well as of sugar, coffee, and spices. The age of the recruit has been reduced from eighteen to sixteen. The islanders employed in the pearl shell and boche-de-mer fisheries have been recog nised. The hours of labor in the field have been limited to eight; and clause 24, providing for the re-engagement of islanders, has been entirely omitted, Mr. Buzacott voting with Mr. Mem against the omission as moved by Mr. Gregory. Tbe omission of the clause was carried by a majority of four, the numbers being eleven to coven. The fate of tho bill will probably depend upon the ultimate decision of the Council on this clause. If they tenaciously adhere to the bill as now amended, the probability is that the bill will not pass. The anti-Polynesian party will certainly stand out in the Assembly against the most important amendments mad* in the Council, and will probably prefer to hold over tho question altogether for further consideration rather than submit to some of the alterations effected. The discussion has been a protracted one, and during the debates something more than animation has occasionally been shown. It would be premature, however, to conclude that the Council has determined to make a stand against a bill which promises to give renewed confidence to the sugar industry. When it conies to the point it is scarcely proba ble that tho irreconcilables will prevail. Mr. Buzacott and Mr. Mem are really in accord on this question, and when the consideration of the amendments is finally narrowed down to one or two points, such as the definition of tropical agriculture and the re-engagement of expiree laborers, it is scarcely probable that Mr. Walsh and Mr. Ivory will find themselves able to maintain an inexorable majority. The sugar planters'are anxious to have the bill passed, even without the amendments made by the Council. They prefer a settlement of some kind to no settlement at all, and with visions of a renewed agitation under the auspices of Mr. King and Mr. O'iSullivan it is highly improbable that any insuperable conditions will be attached to the passing of the bill. Thk Burruui Railway Bill and the Gulland Railway Bill have both been on the anvil in the Assembly. The Gullaml Railway is only what may be called a very little bill, involving the con atruction of about a mile and a-half, to give access to some coal property lying to the south of the Southern and Western Railway, together with auothur abort branch of about a quarter of a mile from the railway to the Brisbane River, giving access to water. Still the bill involved " principles," and did not escape unscathed. The probability is, nevertheless, that it will go through committee, with amendments. The Burrum Bill, however, was subjected to a good deal of buffeting on its first appearance in com* mittee. The whole of a morning (Friday) sitting in tho Assembly was devoted to it, ending in a " scene" between Mr. Macrosaan and Mr. Griffith. The Minister for Works, aggravated by Borne alight, Baid that a statement made by Mr. Griffith was " deliberately untrue." The Minis ter was nailed at once, *• taken down" by the clerk, and the words were, on motion made, re ferred to the Speaker, who of course ruled them to be unparliamentary. No amount of provoca tion, said Mr. Speaker, could possibly make an unparliamentary expression in order, and bo Mr. Macrossiiu withdrew the expression, and even satisfied Mr. Griffith by bis explana tion. Tho scene was altogether a mild edition of a previous scene on a previous Friday morning. It would appear as if the Friday morning sittings*, ending us «i necessity they do at 1 o'clock, present remarkablo facilities for thrilliui< incidents worked up to boiling point, until the Speaker, like a god from tho midst of the machinery, intervenes on the stroke of the clock, and declares the sitting ended. On Wednesday, in the Assembly, the routine dulness of an ordinary sitting was enlivened by an "incident" which, being somewhat out of tho common run of business, excited n good deal of attention. Mr. Macroßsan had moved tho adop tion of plans and sections for the Sandgate Rail way. Debate ensued as to the best of several nltermtive routes. Mr. Griffith had objected to tho plans submitted for approval. It wns v question of money. Tho plans which would cost the least had been adopted by the Government, and they weru the only tiliui. which would be uubuiittcd. So said Mr. Palmer. If tho Hoime wished to saticfy itself they could summon tho Kngiueer-iu-Chief f<u- examination, tuiid Mr. M'llwraith. Tl'e Sorgeaut-at-Aruis aecoidiugly produced Mr. iSuulcy, a.id tho bar, by instruction of the Mpuakcr, biing lowered, tho Kngiueer-in-Chief btooil outbiile t lie preciuctd. There it was, ac cording to Mr. Speaker uud the Standing Ordcrn, that tho witness uiUaL be examined. Uut the bar being remote for the putting of questions, the witness by consent of the House was accom modated with a chair at the table, and tho ex nininjitiuu proceeded. It ho happened that Mr. Griiiith nwi! fr.nu his seat fn onlcr to put <)iio* ti.ms t<> tli- uitn, , an.l . ( , ,l u l 'other member.!, until Mr. Moivhen.l l.roLo th • charm by iutimat iog that he inun.l. .i to hit, an<l iv that portion be .iildivHMi-d curtain question* to the wituesH. It was thfii jierc-ivril that Mr. Stanley should h.ivo been Ht.auding, 03 other witnc.J<»is had ntood before when iv the presence of Mr. Speaker. But havinc; been provided with a seat, Mr. Stanley's feelings w.re repected, aud ho vv.i.s not iustru;te.l t" au-wer rttandioir, as he might hay ■; been if Mr. Morehead haliasiaUJ. Mi\ Staalc.', liuw«,vcr, wuj uudtr examination for about an hour, giving answers which were not very audible except among the circle of gentlemen in the midst of whom he was Beated. A good deal of " information" was obtained, but the re sult was not much affected by Mr. Stanley's answers. Mr. Palmer Baid plainly enough that there would be no Sandgate Railway if the Victoria Park route was not adopted, and it being made a question of railway or no rail way, the Victoria Park route was adopted by a mixed vote of 25 to 17. Then followed the ap proval of the Oxley and South Brisbane Railway plans, at an estimated cost of £26,000, with a probable additional outlay of £10,000 from Woolloongabba to the river, and with a promise from the Premier that the money would not be expended until the money was voted by the House. After this the Burrum Railway plans were passed. In the Council, Mr. Walsh intimated that a deputation of planters was on its way from Maryborough to Brisbane in order to make re presentations against the eight hour limitation in the Pacifio Islanders BilL It was Baid that the effects of such a limitation would be "most disastrous." On Thursday there was a field day over Mr. Norton's motion for arresting expenditure in the Fitzroy River. Ghdstone, " the finest harbor in Queensland," was set up against Rookhamp ton, the rising cupital of Central Queensland. Land carriage vertus water carriage was Mr. Norton's theme. He was neatly answered by Mr. M'Donald Paterson, who justified the commercial prospects of Uockhampton, and quoted figures to show that the natural highway of the river was the best of all highways, if only the best was made of it Mr. Blundell backed Mr. Norton in a well argued and pleasantly delivered speech. Mr. Archer, while asserting from intimate know ledge that Port Curtis was a muoh finer harbor than Broadmount, extolled the Fitzroy as one of the finest waterways on the coast of Australia. He certainly expected to live long enough to see the day when the exports from the Fitzroy would exceed those from the Brisbane. Mr. Groom coincided with Mr. Norton. He had lived to repent him of bis youthful follies when in the company of enter prising contractors be had drunk success in champagne to the dredging of river bars. Like Banquo'a ghost, the vision of those festivi ties reproached him now. Mr. Rea quoted the Mississippi and the Yarra, and what was being done there, in favor of what might and would be done on the Fitzroy. In conclusion, the Premier, while complimenting both Mr. Norton and Mr. Blundell on their ingenious arguments, quoted figures in proof of what had been done, and what might reasonably bo expected from the £35,000 which still re mained to bo expended. The division list de clared 21 to 10 against Mr. Norton. 