(PUBLISHED DAILY.) . PE1RI0: TBGO'. ??' .,' rSIDAI, MAY 28, 1*80. The obstinacy- of the GoverAineijt in, refusing 1ii redeem their pledges con eeraing-main roads imperils tlie sys tfem-af local govermhent: which they bave-' established. ...Mr. iPiJiiASEa has attempted a sort of public apology for ?the aetiori^ o.E Uis colleagilfiS which is in truth no apology at all. What he has to meet if he can is the charge that the Ministry induced Parliament tn nnKH fhe bill bv telline them that main roads would bo exempted, and that makes no provision for dividing 'the cont t-f their maintenance equally between iihe-jlocal ibodies interested; in short, 'they have broken their .nrornipe, and, imposed. an ;UjJJUB.t_ jbur don, 6r:at ?Ieast,an;upju8tly app^ftioned burden on _tlip. people. To these cliarge^ithe.only.anBTver has been j;bat' the qjiestioii ris, a),d,ifficul,tJ,o^e,.,anjd.a statemept.iJiat.thecbu^dien is one jiBkf ought to be borjie by the ratepayers. If PairliauientflOCBntetlie apologyjand esp]anation,-Jt will show a degree of .Bubsetfvienceithafr will .disgrace it. j . ; 'Wii riaye been, and vro are,' advocates Ifiir local go.vernmen't.'but we are not .defendprs of political trickery. This action of the Government is apparently part of their determination to give us of the settled districts the heavy end of the r financial Ipg' to carry. But there is^ah' old proverb which tells, up( that '--what Is : eauco 1 or' the gbbs0 is Also sniice for the gander!' If '' dim niiTf.v' in to' be nleaded . as a. 'sufficient excuse - for phu'nting-.;a . quite unex pected financial burden 'on the settled districts'j-it is-also -ft'; valid reason ;for_ seeking ,uipre* rov^iuor'frqjn thpiun Bettied 'diBtricis.' 'Tlie'taslc of dej«r imiDing which orevinain. roads: cannot We a harder one thau1 devising moans for tneetiug the deficit. If this is- to be partly accomplished by 'making jibe s^ttlera take on their ' shoulders .the cost : ;6i these works', it can be cpm pleted' by assessing the runs, of Ithe squatterBin tho unsettled districts ifo'r' a.prpperty tax. The roventie of those districts fronvrents 'ought to 4eftt tthe lowest 4Jaleulatiou quite double wJiat ?it .is; bow; Jet ? us have the- difference in the shape of a tax. No new 'prin- 'fci'ple1 «^ed :be ibtrpdto'd. ' The! Ejivi ^i^B'aT^oards'Acj; makes: ..tUp'^^e «f A;ri^,a^xatie;.pi«'perj;y;-; ij'/it,ianj ' assessed for itae'looalrateB.it'cao juBttyj be oharged with b gfedw^tS^.V'SB'Btf' tbw:may lawfully, b|^one;;§Mino^ 'denied'. '' Every.' .sju^t^g ^^i^en! tive admitted it^)eg&%r by giving ; an; ^^ww^W^W'*?'--.Ae;,^,wW: Wl^^W its legaUty 'has been ?Sr'ffir x®& representatives'©! mmsffiffiil we assert next that it w^e^peaient. Muoh of the re aue%dpfenAas been incurred for the ?bBBflfirSsTjirB squatters, and we are to be asksa^-arid we believe will be -willing — to undergo more expenditure in which they are likely to be much inte rested. It is true they have Buffered during the hard times, but not to a greateTi jaargysnja ^ogr^ajijio extent as the farmers^^Beside^. tKeir troubles fire'urqvraiig fa .k ^siljto ^ojfe j the rev cent sales of . stations show, a re ?vlvaliSf cSflfiflferiSlJTii pffHttSraT'tffisiiiesB. We wish we could Bay as much for the farmers. And it is especially expe dient that we should seek from them a contribution to revenue in this fashion, because we cannot get it in any other. 4Xgr^t:ljniliy aqHEttarsT area-absentees, and'' cfcr not' conwibTlw' onf penny to taxation, while they are charged rents far below— the': xcmnml value of their properties. Besides, those that live among us can only be .reached fairly by 'ine'an's'of 'a'tax'oii'tlieir properties. It is -welUmown that indirect itaied; cus toms duties, andso forth, fall unequally — the rich man ' Soes not 'pay as much as the poor iii piropbril6n-'t6-thelr rS Bpective incomes. . This is ja direct violation of 'the^brily justVule1 bf taxa 1 tion. that men Should dbnfcribute to the necessities of th,e State in«ropor^Lon to their means; 'A.' squatter who draws aivineoitte of,'''say, ^2000 a:yearifrom , Lis station,* does not f-r/-bably;,.cpntri. bute ou^. of.it in taxes more than^L trader irf the: ^uj'6ynient;l6f l;iS6o : u Th^P rent he .pays- ffer his; rrlns .ft iof'Pburse no^ more ^taxation. y |han. the ^e^t the trader pays for liis warenotis'e! ' TJnless by means of *n income' tat.-we'tean see no way-.of getting.; a -fnir, ;qontrii-ution from the squatter, .' .,' ' . That a tay. on t)ie runs jn the un settled' districts ; would b'e'just cannot forji-nttHnentbe denied, The Pastoral Leases Act of 1869, under -which the country is held, was' passed avowedly as a measure of./eliefjfasa bon«s.--to the squatters. They we're at 'tlie time suffering from a severe- depression due to drought, , over {speculation,; and -a fall in the price of wool; and .they .were frightened, or' professed to be'f riglittened, .by the : probable; competition of South America. in the. wool market.. .The 'Rdm JAsiES Taylor, then Minister for Lands] introduced the bill because — to quote his own words from Mansard — ' They all know that at the last 'elec- tion both;country and town members declared it to be their solemn opinion that it was absolutely necessary' 'some measure of relief should be granted to the outside squatters.' This speech Mr. Taylor made on the 26th Mtfy,' 1869. In the spirit of the declaration above quoted the bill was introduced,: debated, and wassed. Under its nrbvisions the whole of the unsettled districts are now held. The rents the holders pay wore fixed, avowedly and nptoriously, at the lowest possible figure in order to recompense the squatters for their then recent losses. It was a gift to them, a surrender of a value which the country knew that it , might have . obtained. That Parliament, in passing the bill, did what it bhould not have 'done, ib in our opinion ver,Jf certain ;. J-ut( that is a question which need not be raised now. Our preseht'eonceffa- is;1 thai: Jhe ' squat- ters . .having ? obta.in.ed -their , . runs on what were then admittedly low ijerms, aud which subsequent events have shown to ;be far lower than-the '.tfar.ua rnentj.pf^the .,,day-. supposed, .ynay^ now justly be'askedr for a special contribu ti8ff to- the-^fieiiessTties^bf the'vState. T^eyi.thftve .enjoyed their .^bontts for eleven years ; they can, afford to, give back'1 a fractional imr't 'of it. ' 'A. tax on their leases is necessaryj'io'iineet the financial necessities of the colony, and ve'bav©- ishowh' that'lt ^buld ' be legal, expedient, and just. Eruatum. — In oar Murphy's Creek cor- — ? respondent's ? letter pal)listieA: yesterday it is stited that the-'Ref M. .CaMoh,-'^ chairman of ibe meeting, *''in«a««on» ijc^remarks.^' Ih&vword; ?pa&-ftm''''a:'taSfej«nkt'f-it vna written .jtUh'j, but underwent, manirjulation a'ndniutuaUon'D^our^'aeVTi;' '' ' '°perfv t)i'BTS.^Ii5!irifilJa8a.%tVHarBilton and5oni«i^Mnrtfhy,i?IaiBiiOU(}ll93^1, for professional services, heard this myrniBg be fore t -e Police Magiatratu aaJ Mr. T.T5nell, J.P., a verdict for the amount with costs was g:vey (oftOe'tiSiittfiftT -P*o'6ther cases Wim sb'tt'.-i out of court, and one. was «t'*'^ journedtiUinenextfiMg/' '*' ' ' Wheat Gno^iiin An tIbb'Baok iPikitrs.— Oar ti.rreapondent informs us that already this «casou ..iuu-;j4u-nsand aoreB^of land on the Buck H tins have been sown with wheat. He ^Fgjjstas J^t;J4r,,-r»£ki}on, of Kings' Creek, who has reosutly settled there, has t.ht'oti9']iuMtefl4nJl:rfesT/.uh5*rKb«Jt, and that a iiun.b?r of Bottlers in that neighbor hood have also gone in heavily for the same oercal. The rain of Tuesday night extended to the Back Plains where it was much, needed for tbo lately planted wheat and ?fTifrey'. ? —————— Yankee Advertising. — American Enter prise a* viewed by tlui Foreign Press is the titlo of a pamphlet of sixty two pages, pub ltehed by Howard Lockwood, of New York, and which we hare-just reoeived by the San, Francisco mai'. The little vrork is exceed ingly neatly got np, its outside cover being elegantly iUustrated ^ with engravings from pSfer-aiW : to^oflllnB¥feVwiiig£^retch of the magnificent scenery, of mountain and plain, wliich is so truly. American in its grandeur, the oVier being a mail steamer ' under Bteam and canvas. The introduction to the little work contains some interesting fuctB and figures about the American export trade in the decade ending with 1878, ICe- remainder of 'ffio'volume neing one ex &n;*&mi;*ti^&M;'&'^ Am*ri&n; Mail y^'fepoH^ottr'/toiiittS'fbrin'^f^pinions of tha,.Pres» pnWp'Jouyial^'^fflJyiPi «U parts, of ijthe.; wpr^^na^iifra^s'frpin the lettorsof A.mer'ioincousuUrige8tB-«ftttered all over the globe. Tiieidea4««tonoe-novel „.. _ .Mobphy'sObbbk.— Tlieflrst frost of the .??: : ; B&Mon;, Bays our correspondent, occurred this . BiooiingV ? the'' grass' -' being corered. Any .Jfarther growth' of the potatoes is, therefore, At an end in this district for the season. . The Senioe Member fob Maryborough. -*A, Maryborough paper states that the Sod. John' Douglas, left Brisbane for Melbourne on the 19th instant, and intends on his re turn to interview his constituents. Sc&blatina; IN Mabtborouuh.— A very decided case of scarlatina has made its ap pearanoe in a locality of Maryborough known aa Irishtown. ? ; ' Downs Vboetablks.— We have received : fromJIr. Morley of Qowrie Junction, a fine sample of sweet potatoes, and a Yokohama squash, grown on his farm. The latter, in deed both of them are excellent food for \- cattle. The sweet potato has been much neglected in these parts because of the injury done it by the frost, but the sample under notice clearly proves that it can be brought to maturity here before the time of frost. Mr. Morley has cultivated the sweet potato for more than. one season, and is so satisfied with the result that he intends oontinuing to do so. The sample to which we refer com prised only four potatoes which weighed to gether upwards of nine pounds, and were of prime quality. Police Coubt. — Before the Police Magis trate, and Mr. J Snell, «T.P., this morning an aboriginal obarged with drnnke aness, and a ' man who appeared on suspicion of being of unsound mind were discharged. Mrs. Coch rans was fined 20s and to pay 3s 6d coats of . court for allowing a goat to etray within the municipality. Michael Gavan pleaded guilty to creating a disturbance in a public street and was fined 10s., in default of payment, twenty-four hours imprisonment. The Gbelonq Ghost Stori. — A few days ago we published a ghost paragraph from the ' Oeelong Advertiser. The ffamiUon Spectator supplies the following: — It may be stated that Mr Lissman did not die at the parson age, and the Archdeacon never wrote that he saw Mr Lissman 'standing at the study table,' nor anywhere else, after death. What the Archdeacon really wrote was shown to ns, with a request that we should not publish it, as it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his relatives. As some other friend of the family has, however, with questionable taste, thought proper to furnish a very distorted version of the affair to the public, we hare been ? asked to Btato that the morning before his » Heath the Ven. Archdeacon Innes wrote and gave the Rev J. W. Arnold a memo, of which the following is a copy — viz : ' A few night's after poor Lissinan's death 1 was in ? his house alone, and bis room rattled so that I ran up to see what it was. I looked in the dark room and saw nothing ; so I Bind, with a laugh to myself, ' It must be old Lissman. What do you want ?' Then I bad an answer, not audible, but such as possibly a spirit can ' ' convey, ' Never mind ; you'll follow mo soon.' It was singular I never told anyone.' Mr LiBsman died a mouth before the Arcli ' deaoon, and the latter expired less than twenty- four hours after writing the singular memo, we have been called upon to publish. £1 Free GiFrss. — The announcement so often published in this paper, regarding the £1 orders that a-e inserted in each day's pack'og of Wolfe's quart size Schnapps, being considered by very many people merely ' an advertising dodge,' to set all doubts at rest we give a Mat of some of the fortunate finders, who are all well known in their respect ive districts. The object of the proprietor in in curring such an expenditure is, to iusure the destruction of the wrappers, so that the Dottles cannot, after being emplird, he filled up with other compounds and sold again to the nnwary as original packages, a practice hitherto pretty freely indulged in by a number of unprincipled people doing business in this colony. Buyers of original bottles will now naturally tear off the wrapper in search of ibe £1 orders, and thus the object of the pro prietor is attained. It seems hard that so much money has to be expended to checkmate the rogues of society, and to protect the public against imposition, but otherwise the owners of genuine articles weuld beeven tua'Jy supplanted altogether in the field of their enterprise. Since the introduction of Wolfe's SchnappB into Australia its remedial powers have been fully tested by the medical profession, who unanimously declare that where a stimulant is wanted, no better one oan be found. Of course a success each as achieved in this article has induced imita tions, and it Las been necessary for Mr. Wolfe to institute two suits in Equity — one in Victoria, and one in New South Wales— to prevent the sale of counterfeits. In both instances the laws of the country have pro tected him, and the defendants have had to destroy their importations, and to enter into ionde under penalties of £20,000 and £30,000 \ ' respectively not to again offeud, and to pay '?'??' the whole of the law costs amounting to same -.thousands of pounds. There are yet some ~ publicans, we are informed, who retail a spurious article under the name of Wolfe's Schnapps but all we can say to them is that ,i - under the new 'Adulteration of Food or Drink Act' the Inspector-General of Police — has great power, p not a conviction under the Act would not improve their trade. Suuh ?? ? ' people will find they had far better have . made honest dealing their policy. Mr, Wolf o is not apian to be trifled with, as he has al ready shown, and we expect his purse is not .. , yet quite empty. Among the recipients of .. _ the £ 1 orders we find the following names, ' but it ViU be seen that a good many of the drafts' are presented through the banks. The ' paid orders and the receipts for the amounts oan be Been at the office of the Sydney Agents, the long established and well-known . . firm -of M. Mobs & Co.: — No. 137, Joseph -'- fieybuin, Bahnain; No. 85, B Suape, Moonbi;,No. 171, Bank of New South Wales, ? ?'????? Gundagai ; No. 123, Commercial Bank, Queanbcyan ; No. 217, L- Mockler, Bathurst; ' No. 67, T. Brown, s,6. Elamang ; No. 600, W. Meek, Newton ; No. 662, Commercial 'Bank, Qtieanbeyan ; No. 410, A. Telstead, \- Wagga Wagga; Noi 532, J. Malumby, Sussex street, Sydney ; No. 81, W. Matthews, Ips wich j No; 78, W. A. Hornby, Opbir, N.Z. ; ? No...«3,Bank of New South Wales, Creswick; No. 76, Hoffmeyer & Co., Sandhurst; No. .-.- 412, Commercial Bank, Brisbane, No. 645, James Newman, Gunning ; No1 601, Joseph Crick, Double Bay ; No. 411, James Ah Coo, BpringBhure ; No. 140, David Auld, Dunedin; ,No. 639, Joseph Holland, Fyrmout : No. 245, ?--HWftra JtSparke. Sydney ; No. 615, J. t,. Crimp.-Cleveland-srreet Sydney; No. 262, ri;.;, William. Davies, Gonlburn ; No. 697, W. Sonell, Wallerawang ; No. C26, TTniouBank, RookhaniftonjNo. 827,— Bevery, Yass; No. 620, Bank of New, South, Wales, Tamworth ; No. 615, F. J. O'JLeary, Burrowa ; No. 152 , 'iQdeehsiand National Bank, Townsville ; No »W-.&i; '-5haa; flaraett, Kidina, S A ; No 313, E jk titawut, Ultimo ; No 490, Queensland Na tional Bank, ftookhampton ;'So 400, W Ktz. ^»jnrtiiofc^GjinnBd»li^-aTo.' 182,'J. D.Bowe, ~ .. Thoraborpugh, Queensland j No 445, A Jt '^SainkVWegga' Wagga; No 276, £ O'Brien, ?? ? ' Empire Hotel, Iiyttleton ; No 660. Frederick '???' Nye, Obirslohurch ; No 193, I j Morton, j y ;, Morton's Hotel, OhriBtcburchj No 505, Ham-. ?'-?* ' ' J ?? ' .. ???? -Death of a Wbbstler, — The well-known wrestler, Eichard Wright, died at Wathbrow, England, February 10th of dropsy. Hfe was' born in 1822, and twenty-two years after wards first sprang into notoriety. Tn 1857 he won the championship at Carlisle, where Jameson was defeated, and for many years he and his confrere, Jameson, remained at the front in sporting affairs. In 1870 Wright beat the gigantic DuboiB, in the International Match at the Agricultural Hall, and made his last appearance in public fire years later. The Rev Newman Hall.— The Stafford shire Christian Journal gives an account of . the marriage of the Eev Newman Hall, which took place recently, the bride being Mus Knife, of London, the lady to whom Mr Hall admitted at the divorce trial that he had communicated an intention of mar riage subject to the success of his suit. The Sev Dr Allon, of Islington, performed the ceremony, assisted by the Rev Mr Grainger. Mr HaU'sfaniily was largely represented, and the elders of the Church were prc-,ent. The ceremony took place at an unusually early hour, and the wedding was in every respect a quiet one. A-Resting Himself.— A gentleman would insist on standing in the stalls much to the annoyance of the pititcs. Various were the calls of ' Sit down !' ' Get out 1' ' Sit down in front !' all of which wereunattended to by the offending gentleman, when a single voice coming from the back of the pit caused him to flop into his seat electrically. It warbled, 'Leave him alone, he's only a tailor a-resting himself 1' — Sporting Times. 