THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH AT MILLICENT. The Presbyterians of Millicent, although one of the last of the religious bodies of the drainage district to commence the erection of a place of worship for themselves, are by no means the least numerous nor influential of that place. Before the settlement of Mr. 6. Varley, mis sionary, about three years ago, they had no regular public worship among themselves, but identified themselves with the other churches that had been already established. As soon, however, as the Presbytery sanctioned the settlement of Mr. Varley regular service was established, and they rallied nobly arouud him. Mr. Varley, whose earnestness and energy are well-known and appre ciated, was not long in forming a good congregation, and the new church has now at tained a considerable strength. Hitherto the Exchange Hall has been used for the holding of divine worship, but there have been so many inconveniences atteudant on this that the congregation eventually decided to make a special effort to erect a churcli for their own use. Last year an excellent site was purchased iu the new township of Millicent North, about 400 yards west of the bridge on the main drain, and a plan and specifications having been prepared by Mr. H. Beevor, of Millicent, tenders for the erection of the building were invited in June last. That of Messrs. Grice and Mackay at £519-£467 for the church and £52 for the porch-was accepted. The contractors commenced their work seven weeks ago, and are progressing very rapidly with it, as they are bound to have it completed in four months from the date of the contract. The building faces the north, on what will be the main street of Millicent North, and the situation is a j commanding 6ne as respects the new township. The church will be 50 feet by 25 feet in the clear, and the walla'will be 18 feet high, so that it will afford ample accommodation for the congregation for a number of years. At the southern end a vestry, 10 feet square in the clear, with walls of ] 2 feet, will be erected, but the porch is not" to be built at present. The material used in the building is a grey sandstone found in the neigh-: bourhood, with white freestone dressings from the Up and Down Hocks quarry. The roof will be of/ iron, the gables having a 15 feet pitch. The Resign of the church is Gothic, and every pact of it will be carried out strictly in accordance witll that design. The ceiling will be in the "old English ecclesiastical style, the material being stained matcb-board. There will be three double Gothic windows on each side, and the glass'will be frosted. The pulpit, which will occupy the southern end, will be constructed of Kauri pine. It will be a neat structure, the de sign showing five prettily turned posts with* carved work between. The length will be about 10 feet, and it will stand fire feet above the floor. The pews will be of the same material. As we have s'ated, the contract price for the whole buildjng vyas £{j!9, but alterations which have since been authorised will raise the cost to nearly £000. No demonstration appears to have been made at the laying of the foundation stone ; but shortly after the commencement of the building preparations were begun for a demonstration at the layiBg of the memorial stone. As the people of Mount Gamliier have always been ready to give their presence and assistance to their " cousins " at Millicent, it was arranged that n suepia} train should bs) eqgggefj to cotmy intending visitors to the drainage capital. This mutter was left in the hands of Mr. W. Strang, of the Commercial Bank, Mount Gambier, who exerted himself in a most energetic manner to make it a success. Re1 urn tickets at 7s. 6d., to include admission to the tea, were issued, and certainly no one could grumble at the charge. For the hjst fortnight it was clear that all that would ||e required to second Mf. prang's efforts to make it a corflplpte fipanpial success was a fine day, and gqine anxiety was felt on this iiial ter. Put everything turned out as was hoped. Wednesday was one of the finest days of the year, and there was a great rush for tickets that morning; and the rush for seats just before the train started, at one o'clock p.m., was some thing of rare occurrence at Mount Gambier. For more than half an hour before the time pepplj) lyero seen flocking from all directions to the'station) and'fjie 3cefie'wks' jjujte 'animating. Two'carriages were'put on,"but they were very soon crowded to excess, almost entirely hy ladies, aijd it- w$s found necegssry at the last moment to put on two trucks. These and the guard's van were crowded by gentlemen, including the members of the Junior Football Club, who were goiug to meet those of Millicent in the after noon. The total number of passengers was about 230. The journey down was a delightful one, at all events to those v/hp occupied seats :oj$* o;f the yva/of Hie" epgiue sqiokej bjit some of thqse vyho opcupied the trqeks, which were next the locomotive, were at times greatly an noyed by it, A stoppage was made at the Gambier 'West siding beyond Tollner's to take up several passengers who were waiting by the roadside, and a second halt was made atTantanoola, where 15 or 20 more persons were packed into the train. The journey afforded the excursionists an opportunity of seeing the state of the country around ?antapoolg and between that place and Milucenj;. Traces ofthe late flood! were very apparent, but except in a few places the pre ceding fine days had dried the water off the snrface. Some of the crops adjoining the rail way line had perished, however, and would haVp to" fag re?offn, ajjd pojjls "of ^atpf still re trained in several localities'. " The country be tween Mount Gambier and Tantanoola wears its best garb. The train steamed into the Millicent 6tation at about ten minutes to three o'clock. A crowd of two or three hundred persons were awaiting it in front of the station, and on its arrival ' gave repewed apd tysty cfteers i'or the visitor?. The ceremony of laying the stone took place about half-past three o'clock. The concourse present numbered nearly 500. The I 100th Psalm having been sung, Mr. G. Varlej read Peut. xii. 5-15, and the second chapter of the first Epjstle of Peter, frop the jth to the Sih vtifes. ' The ReV.' Mr.1 CiidWcll tlil-n briefly addressed the assemblage, lie said the circum stances whirh had brough them together were of great interest and impoitance, and called for sin cere gratitude to the Giver of all good. The erec tion of a house for the worship of God was a work thap deserved jo be hailed with pleasure by all who desired the spreadof pure'and Utidefiled religion in the world. That there was a God wits the first dictate of uuassisted reason, and that that God should be worshipped was the founda tion and first principle of all religion. Public worship began at an early period in the history of the Jiutrijp race <uid continued fropi that time to the present, through all tifnea and under every system of religion. We also found that from the earliest period places were set apart for the public worship of God, and build ings consecrated for that end. In the dark est days of heathenism, when men wor shipped' gods fuany and lords tn^ny, stately temples were built, costly altars' erected, and imposing sacrifices offered to their honor; and even the beautiful arts of sculpture and painting were called into service for the worship of dumb idols. We found that the old Hebrew patriaiehs, who liad no fixed places of abode, worshipped God in their own houses, on the mountain tops, and in the fields ; and when the Israelites were worshipping during their journeyings iu the wilderness tliey had a taWr nacle among them for the purpose. When they settled down in the land of rest a beautiful and costly temple was erected for the worship of God. In all ages we r-uiid particular places set apart and consecrated edifices erected for the worship of God. Orne Judea was the only favored spot, aud there Lie choose to set his name, but now the periods of local worship had come to au en I, aud the performance of sacred worship wis confined to no one place or sanctuary. Therefore, taking ad vantage of the liberty wherewith Christ had made us free we erected these places for the wor ship aud glory of God. They held that no par ticular sanctity attached to any p'ace, but that God was preseut wherever His worshippers met to worship him. A king was a king wherever he might be, however mean his dwelling or plain his dress. It was not elegance of architec ture or beauty of decoration that constituted a church, but- the presence of Christ, the Great Head of the Church ; where He was there was true sanctity. Holding these views they at tached no particular sanctity to the church they were now erecting, but they laid particular stress on His promise that where two or three were gathered in His name there He was in the midst of them. People sometimes spoke of church property, aud they had this promise-"Iu all places where'I record my name I will coine uuto thee, and I will bless thee." His presence gave true sanctity and sacredness to any place. He hoped that shortly the people of Millicunt would be enabled to worship God in their new church, and that the presence of the Divine Being mi^lit be distinctly * manifest there, and that a true worship and pure ministry might be found going up from it to the God of heaven from a devout and willing people. Those who were connected with the j. lace had reason to rejoice that they were having a building erected for the worship of their own and their fathers' God. Some might have wondered why it was not erected before, but there were one or two reasons why it wa3 not., One was that the accommodation they had before was found ample, and other circum stances did not favour it. They were not erect ing a rival church in Millicent-an opposition church to other churches. They did not wish to rival any one. They had a sufficient number of people for its ertction" long-ago,-if the step was thought uecessary. They hoped the con gregation iu Millicent would cultivate a friendly feeling with all other churches aud denomina tions. He was pleased to see so many present there that day and taking an interest m that important ceremony. .. He thought that perhaps they might have undertaken the work at a more propitious time, when money was more plentiful, but he hoped better times were in store, and then they would have their place of worship to maintain. He trusted that, the interest taken, that day' by- so many, a:nd the assistance that would be rendered by willing hands and generous" hearts would leave the Com mittee favorably situated in financial mat ter*, to go on -satisfactorily. They had shown their sympathyrby: their presence, and" he hoped they would liberally assist by laying dona tions on the stone before the ceremony took place. In order to afford donors that opportu nity the Committee had allowed the stone to re main on the ground until they had contributed their gifts. He might say in connection with this matter that he had'the pleasure of being a threefold contributor to the stone. At the time it was decided to lay the stone lie promised to give his subscription to the Committee, and he was happy to do so now. Then, Mr. MacDougall, of Compton, had given him £1 for the purpose ; and another friend, who desired to be known simply as a friend, had done the same. The rev., gentleman then placed the money on the'stone, his owu donation being £5. A num ber of ladies and gentlemen afterwards advauced and laid offerings upon it, the total amount thus collected being £33 9s. 6d. This concluded, the stone was carried to the top of the :wall, where a bed; had been prepared for it. A document) of which the following is a copy, together with copies of the BvrdUr Watch and Star of latest dates, were then put into a bottle, which was deposited in a cavity beneath the stone . "This stpne was laid on the 15th of Septem-. ber, in'the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred aud eighty,-by Mrs. S. J.Stuokey. Trustees-Messrs. 8. J. Stuckey, A. F. Telfer, John MaoArthur, Robert Agnew, and James MacRostie. -Missionary-- Guatavus Varley. Comtnijitee-Messrs. S. J. Stuckey (hon. secre tary and treasurer), A. F. Telfer, James Mac Rostie, James Loudeu, Peter Hay, R. Thomp son, Robert Agnew, John Mac.Arthur, P. Sinclair, rNichol MacColI, William' Sutherland, Matthew Williams, S. Sager, and W. Clayfield (superintendent of Sunday School). This ser vice was conducted by the Rev. R A. Caldwell, of Mount Gambier, assisted by the Revs. H. H, Finlay and G. Varley. Contractors-Messrs. Grice and MacKay." The bottle haring been safely deposited in its resting place, Mr. Grice placed the stonB in. position, and-Mrs Stuckey, after giving it two or three taps, with the mallet, said-" X declare this stone well and truly laid, in the qqrne of the Father, the Sod, aud ; the Holy Ghost." This doue the Rev. H. H. Finlay engaged in prayer, which concluded the ceremony. The stone, which was neatly, carved, bore the following inscription " Presbytkiain Ciioi:cir, 1880." By some extraordinary blun der the word Presbyterian was misspelt as given above, and the mistake was not discovered till i the ceremony was about -to take place. - j The great eveut of the day concluded, the people returned to" the tR^p, at once entered ! the Exchange Hall, where a sumptuous tea was ' provided by the ladies of the congregation. The tables were laden with varied delicacies, and the tea was really excellent, reflecting credit on Mrs. Mauhood, who, we believe, had charge of the making of it. Several short tables were laid out in the hall, and were presided over by the following ladies, each of whom had one or two assistantsi Mesdames Stuckey, Varlpy, Compel. Blanket*, R. MacRofitipj Jqlip MnpArtlijJr. Tjipp, ' apd | alcKellar. Mnptjrcgoj: dgserye ' special tfyeqtiop for the assistance they rendered The tables and room were tastefully ornamented i with flowers, &c.;, and at the end of the hall, above the stage, was a large banner with various de vices, on which was inscribed the words " Wel come to Millicent." The attendance at the tea was very large. _ Besides the Mount Gambier visitors, all Millicent seemed to have gathered there. The tables were filled cevefql tjtfleg, and the lady 'qttpftdftntg'hqd ft hard"afternoon's work. Before leaving Mount Gambier some o! the ex cursionists feared their Millicent frieuds would be taken by surprise, and would run short of provisions, but so far from that it seemed at the ! the close of the tea as if they had provided for j about double the number that did assemble. They must really be complimented on the genuine ^ SUCC8SS of- the gathering. As soon as the ^ea-^as co^cl^ded( the yoon^ was gteare^aiid preparations were n^adq for the f concert, vyli^ch w^s to wind up the day's proceed ings. By half-past seven p ni. all was ready and the doors were' thrown open. A compact mass of 200 or more were collected at the door for a consider able time before it was opened, and the building, which can hold 250 comfortably, was crowded to excess in a few minutes. Not a bit of standing room was left on the stage, floor, or gsUefy j quite 350 by some news, or another" squeezed i themselves into the buirdiug. Probably another hundred had to listen from outside and filled up the doorways and the outside of the windows. [ As may be imagined the atmosphere in the in terior of the room was very oppressive, and although the concert was on the whgle ^ gp.od ou.?i ftne present' diq uqt e^pe'ripp^e "^n.' mixed enjoyment. As the train w^s announced to start on its return to Mount Gambier at 10 o'clock, and there was a long programme to get through, no time was lost in commencing. The names of some of the singers not being known till rather late fio pripted programmes were dis tributed. ?fhe nrst note ot the eyeuing was struck by the Misses Glen in a pretty piano forte duet, which they played well. This was followed l»y the Masters ami Misses Stuckey, who sang "The ten little niggers," to the accompaniment ot Mi.-s Uooiit. Mr. Overheu succeeded with M"? 5°P2 "-r?e'!e Mshojie," M ioo Wthi accwnipftnyiiig. Mjss lienfiey sang " Tiie golden days '' pleasingly ; and Mr. Maisey, who is an old favourite, sang " I'm not myself at all, Molly dear," fairly. Miss Monfgomerie did full justice to the fine old Scotch song, " O' a' the airts," and the clear ness of her enimpiation s'ood oat in marked coii traat to several of the other songs oi the evening. Miss Paitridge cou'i'riiiuted " The ' treasures'of the deep," alid'sang it' well Miss Harvey's "The bridge," was fairly rendered This singer has a good contralto voice, which cultivation will make something or Mr. K. If. Harvey fang a niotto song, " Always make the best of it." The first part of the entertainment con cluded with a comic duet, "Gold, gold, gold," by Mr. Maytnxu and Miss A, MacAithur. The sec ond part began with a sweet duet, " Silver moon light winds, ' by Mrs. Jackson and Miss Deno van, the latter playing the accompaniment. Mr. Roper followed with "Sweetheart" (Sullivan), which his sweet and high tenor rendered excel leptly. Miss Xicholls sang iu a elefcr good voice "Starlight Nell." Mr. A. Hopkins (tenor) contributed a capital Christy Minstrel song, " Kit'v Well," being assisted in the chorus { by Messrs. lloper, Rubenkouig, and Maytum. It was one of thethest tilings of the conccrt, and was heartily cheered. Miss Stewart and Mrs Hanna were successful in the o'd but delightful duet, "List to the convent bells." Mr. R I'eate followed with a recitation, ..The district school master." Then Miss MncArthur contributed "The blue Alsatian mountains," and Miss Sagar' " Thy face," which was a gem. Miss Crossley gave a pretty song, " Remember or forget ; and Mr. Maytum, assisted by a company of ladies and gentlemen, "The chiming bells of long" ago," capitally. Mr G. Varley, at this stage, stepped on the stage and said, "I take tin's opportunity of soliciting a vote of thanks to the Mount Gam bier people, who hare aided us in bringing tho proceedings of this day to so successful an issue"; The Millicent people responded to the call!' with loud and hearty applause. The Rev. Mr. Caldwell then mounted the | stage, and in a humorous speech congratulated the Mount Gamhier people on the way they had come out on this occasion and the manner in which they had evidently enjoyed the day. Those friends who had taken part in the concert had done so most cheerfully, and doubtless to the satisfaction of the audience. He proposed a vote of thauks to the ladies who had provided the tea, to the singers, and to Mr. Strang for his efforts ia connection with the special train. When this matter was first mooted he mentioued it to Mr. Strang, and with the greatest readiness and cordiality he took it up and said that any thing he could do in arranging the train affair he would do. The success of his efforts was appa rent to all. He also proposed a vote of thauks to Mr. Roper, who had spent most of the after noon in tuning the pianoforte and making it what it was then ; aud to Mr. Lienau for the use of the piano, as he understood it belonged to Mr. Wendt. Mr. Maytum also deserved thanks for his services that evening. V The votes w|re*'all cordially passed, and the concert concluded with the comic duet "The happy, policeman," by Mr. Maytum aud Miss MacArthur. We should state that Mr. Maytum played ' the accompaniments to the greater number of the sougs during the evening. As we have already said, the concert, although in a great measure an improvised one, was on the whole successful. The hall, however, when crowded, as it was on Wednesday evening, is a hard one to sing in, and although it is small it was very difficult for those at the rear to hear some of the songs. . A good many of the audience were very ill-behaved too, and the continued noise they kept up was exceedingly discredit able. We hope that for the honor of Millicent its young men will be quieter I on another occasiou. The concert concluded with " God save the Queen," but before the last I line was sung more than half the audience had left the hall and were seeking seats in the car | riages. A third carriage was put on to go back, but the three were crowded most uncom fortably, and nearly all the gentlemen had to stand. A start was made from Millicent at 20 minutes past ten, amid cheers aud counter cheers. Several short stoppages were made on the road to allow passengers to leave, and Mount Gambier was reached at a quarter past 12 o'clock. The return journey was devoid of any incidents of note excepting the overflowing jollity of the excursionists. During the whole journey the air was made vocal with their songs, and on their arrival at Mount Gambier the resi dents of Claraville were aroused from their slum ber by the commingled notes of the National Anthem, "Auld lang syne," "Home, sweet, home," and "Rule, Britannia." ; : The financial results of the day exceeded the most sanguine expectations. The amount laid on the stone, as we have said, was £33 9s. 6d. ; the tea and concert, exclusive of the excursion tickets, which iucluded the tea, realized I £31 12s. 6d.; and the receipts of the special train were £62; making a total of £127 2s. When all expenses are deducted a sum of £100 will be netted by the Millicent Church. 