JOHN GRAHAM'S FIRST CAUSE. I BY HXLBN W. PIERSOK, IN THE " DAISY." I. "tVHEW I I'm glad I'm not a doctor," laid John Graham a» ha listened to the lowlipg of the wind, which seemed to ahake "Ith impatient hands the door end windows of hie snug little office, "or else I might be :all«d to >om« whimsical fine lady in thia itorm. Now I can just sit by the fire and [cok over my speech for the summing op." Ha walked to the window first, however, and gl&nsed; to the shining street and the forlorn wayfarer-", with their dripping umbrellas, who hurried by through the driving rain and sleet. It somehow en hanced hia own comfort to see other people so miserable. All the street lamps seemed to be winking and blinking, as if trying to shut their eyes against the storm. And the lighted window at tho grocer's corner loomed up out of the sheets of rain like the unsub stantial fabric of a dream. The young lawyer did not notice a man without an umbrella who stood still under the rain r.nd stared up at the house. H'j had taken a comfortable stat before the 6re, and was turning over various papers with aa absorbed look. To-morrow was a great sod Important day with him. Ha felt is ii all his life wis staked on the turning of that hour when he shoutd make his first important speech. He had poured into it *11 tho eloquence of which hia naturo was capable. It was his first chance before the public-an opportunity for which he had sighed and pined for in ambitious dreams, about which hah*d despaired in restless pain. He could have thanked God for the murder which had brought the happy chance of success to him. For months he had been a prey to devouring cravings for fame and fears that his tirno would never Come. Ha had chafed within those four walls os a wild beaBt in a cage; but now! He looked over his papers again. How clear tho reasoning ; how convincing the chain of evidence. He was thoroughly convinced, in hia own mind, that Bertrand was guilty, ond hia words, carried conviotipn with them. They were is a death-warrant. He waa sanguine about the issue for hiraBelf, yet with fear and trembling. He scarcely gave a thought to the fact thRt his success meant Barfcrand's ieatb. He was so absorbed that he did not hear at first a stealthy movement at hia door, but it was followed by a low knock. The burly fellow wty> entered did not look is if he could havo knocked so softly. Ha S7ao tho same man who had stood an sheltered, gazing up at tho house. John Graham, scenting soma new work, bade bim, affably, " good-evening," and sfferad a choir. Bat the man stood there, with little "treamB of water trickling from his hair and tho slouched hat which he hold in his hand -a comical fignre, like some great clumsy tvater-goa just from hia damp abode, "I ain't a subject to sit down In any gentleman's office, I ain't," he said, with a ?ruff voice, which sounded as if the dampness had got into it. "Itayther moist night, mister." John bowed, and said, "Very uncomfort able in the street, certainly." Tho man looked about a moment, as if be expected to find in the room some help to opening the snbjeot in hand. Then suddenly his eyes rested on the roll of paper which John held. " Sptoch on the great case, maybe 7" JO*>D nodded, "Well, its about that I comoin. That fellow Bertrand ain't guilty." John had decided that he was, and he made known tho Bamo to his visitor. "Now, I ain't no acquaintance whatever with the prisoner, and can't be prejudiced, do yon Eee ? I follow the water." John emiled at the idea that if ha followed the water he had oangbt it tbiB time. There was quite a pool about him on tho neat Btudy-floor. " As I said, I'm a capting of a snug little oraft, and I've only been on shore a day or two-long enough to hear 'bout tho case and I'm bound on a'long voyage to-morrow, but as it happens, I know somethink about it, ond, eays I, 'Find out the lawyer, and tell what you know.' Bat"-musing & little " ef you're the lawyer agin Bertrand, perhaps I'd ought to go to tho toother side." " Ob, it's all tho same," answered John. " Evidence that is worth anything will not be suppressed." " I conld wish it took down in black and white," eaid the man, "and I take my affidavy, and sign the same. I'm a poor Bcholar, or I'd a done it myeelf." John took a sheet of paper, rather im patiently, and looked at his unwelcome visitor. «' On the last cruise of the Betsey Jane," began the stranger, with an important air ,{Batsey Jane is my wife." "Ah, well, on the last cruise of your wife," said John, beginning to write. "Stop! Betsey Jane's my boat, called after my wife. 'Twas a moonlight night, just three months ago, the 26th of October the worry night of the murder. Sing'lar, now, that we arrove that weny night. Thero'a an overruling Providence, Bir-you'd better believo it." John made no answer. He began to fear it-to think that "the beat laid plana of mice and men gang aft ogley"-to sea the repu tation which he had built up into such a fair structure topple like a house of cards. " Because else why did it happen on that wery identical night ? I forgot my money belt. I never done such a thing since I was capting. When wo was a-ncarin' tho shore I took off my aea clothes, naturally, and left my belt. Wall, there's no thievin' at sea, bub when a voeael is in port, and the wharf rata about, it's different. Betsy Jane had a f«w friends celebratin' my arrival, you see, and at twelve o'clock, when we was a breakin' tip, I missed my belt. «BetBy Jane,' eez I, 'I can't sleep without gettin' itand sho waa as oneasy as I wae. I Bemember, sir, 'twas that d'ientical night." ' And he paused, as if to collect himself. ' " As I've heerd the story of the murder," he went on, thoughtfully, " thiB young man Bertrand owed Halpine some money, and they had hard words often over it, and some one swore he was seen goin' into Halpine's at t«n o'clock, and no one knows when he came out; and a note was found on Bertrand when ha was arrested invitin' of him round on that wery dientical night." John Qraham nodded an he listened to this odd version of the evidence he had made so clear. " And, one o'clock, a student as roomed next Halpine, an' was cut hte, seein' a light in hi« room, went in, an' saw the unfortunate man a-welterin' in his gore." The lawyer felt compelled again to assent to the man's inquiring glanct. " A-welteriu' in hia gore,'! repeated the burly captain, as if ho enjoyea the eloquent roll of the words. " Wall, to 50 back, I'd a little dealin'a with Halpine oncet. He lent me money oncet, on my Betsy Jane." " Oa which Bitsy Jane ?" inquired John, gravely, and preparing to ente: the answer officially. " Shiver my timben!" Bnswered the man, Impatiently. " There ain't none of this here evidenca a joke-leastways, a nun's life or death's no joke to me, whatever it may be to you lawyers. I mean, having borrowed money of Halpine, 1 naturally looked at his office aa I passed. It was just half-past twelve, for I hear ! the clock a-strikin* the half-hour, and I saw a man comia' out of Hslpiae's door." "Well?" "A man wrapped in a cloak-a tall fallow. L saw his faco full one mfnutQ before ho fi&w; no; then ho turned auddint, and took to a ;ide street.. Now, mark my words. This nan was six foot high, and he had fair hair, ind white «kin like a woman's, and blue eyes. 3artrand is dark and short. What do you nake of that ?" "I hs.ve taken it all down," answered John Graham, in a hard voice. " Why not stay yourself and give in this evidence?" "I wasn't wiehin' for to stay, ef eo be as re could do without mo," he said, anxiously ; ' but ef it's important for an inaooent man's ife-don't ye think aa it's down in black and vbite, and X makes my afierdavy-" ",0b, yes; I think this will be sufficient," mswered John, thoughtfully, " yon ;old this to anyone .else ?" " Only to Betsy Jane, sir." "Ah! to Betsy Jane, and she to her friends, isuppose ?" " Well, I jujfc told her aa I wag a star tin' ier«, and I reckon she ain't a-roamin round in this inolement weather a-repeatin' or it" vith intense aarcasm. " You ar9 going to leave her for three fears ?" "No; she's a-goin this time." John Graham drew a long breath. " Thank you," ha said; " thank you vary nuch, my mnn, for the clear way in which ?ou have given ia this evidence. It is, as yoa mppose, quite important. It would be bstter ;o speak of it to no one else, and to caution four wife also, otherwise you might be ietained and held aa wltne»s, thus causing j"ou and your admirabls wife great incon renienco. You may now Bign your name." , ..^10 good fellow advanced in all good aith and wrote, quito legibly, in a roiuo vhat sprawling hand," Thomas B'owse." Then he set his wet slouched hat on his lead and bade the lawyer good evening. John Graham sat for a long time, staring it the paper and ics scrawling signature as f it had been a ghost. It might h*v« stood ?os the ghost of a vanished hope to him. The letters of the good man's name seamed .o dance over the paper like black imps from loll. He could not sit still. The room was 10 longer comfortable. He paced up and Jown it restlessly. The face of all the world iud changed for him in an honr. Fame, :ortune, and love lind beckoned him. He lad hoped to gain all in gaining thia case; ind now the speech, with its enthusiasm, its sonvinclng logic, was eo much watte pspar to je thrown into the fire. Oddly enough, he nevor thought of the nan whose life and death it concerned. Ho thought only of himsslf and of one other, .'or he was madly in love. The whole Halpine :amily were crying out for vengeance; aud lis love was a oousin to the murdered man. He hoped to win Maud Halpine when ho won lis cause, so no wonder he had poured the jloquence of his soul into it. And it was 3nly the beginning of hia caroer. He took np the piece of paper with the nan's evidence on it. It waB only a pieoo of papor, perishable, yet it held his fate. It ;v*n a terrible thing to stand there alone, at i light, and hold one's fate in" oue's hand*. ., No one knew of it yet. All the evidence ( igain3t 23 art rand had been conclusive till . this. j And, after all, what was this ? It pointed ( it no one. It was vague, indefinite. Who , knew that this burly rca-oapt∈ had not been too convivial among Bjcaay Jano's friends. How could it be known that he bad not sees imperfectly when he met the , blonde-haired stranger coming out of Hal pine's office ? Why disturb tho harmony of a perfoct chain of evidence with the vagaries of an unknown man ? Bo whispered a subtle voice to John Graham's inmost soul. Would ho not be a fool to throw away his chance in life for a drunken man'o dream ? Ho had been courteous enough to take it down ; that was enough. And the man was gone for three years 1 Three years I What might noi happen in three years ? He might have aobieved fame and fortune in that time. He might have won Maud Halpine and have taBted life's sweetest joys, if only this bit of paper had no existence. This blotted all out. This came between bim and all tho sunehino on the landscapo of his life. He twisted the paper uneasily in hia fingers. It seemed to burn like firo. How quickly would it really burn-if-. Well, some men would speedily finish it. There was Spencer, now, he would not be equeamish. And, after all, a man must not lose every chance for an over-fastidioas integrity. How many won fortune by a few prosperous slips from honour's open way ! He had always deepised those men, but now he had a fellow feeling for them. He had never been tried and tempted as they, or ha might have fallen as they had done. How much easier now to burn that paper than to struggle for years with adverse fate 1 to feel ever after that there had been a tide in the aifaira of his life which, if taken at the flood, would have led to fortune ! Ho could not lose all ao lightly; he would not! Another moment the flames,had seized the slip of paper, leaping tongues of fire had curled about it and lioked it up. A little black tinder whirled up the chimney like an evil spirit, and all was gone. All but memory 1 Memory, that sweetest of friends to the innocent, that worst of devils to scourge the guilty, it sat by John Graham's pillow that night, and would not let him slopp. But ho made his speech the nest day, and his fevered, restless state lent more fire and fever to it. He had stolen down to the wharves in the morning early, and had assared himself that the Betsy Jane was gone ; so that was finished up-finished ! He had heard somewhere, he had read, in & disused book, of " the sins that follow us." His sin followed hitn to the court-room, where a breathless crowd hung upon his words; where hia eloquence hushed and swayed that great mass, and ha moulded their opinioua at will; for this man had not mistaken the power that was in him. He had the real fire of geaiat. He was eloquent, yet clear and logical. If any had doubted Bertrand's guilt before, they doubted no longer. The male members of the Halpine family almost broke out into audible cheers which would have been unbecoming their grief. Bsrtrana, a Ballow little man? listened as to his death-warrant, and grew livid an death. " I feel the rope already around my neck," fee said, in n choking whisper to his counsel; '.yet before God, I am innocent." How poor and weak seemed the words of tho counsel, for tho defence compared to this. The jnry did not need to confer long on such an evident matter. The judge had summed up very briefly. Why, everyone had decided. The mind of the public W3s made up. It was Btrange how littls sympathy had been felt for the prisoner. It had been rumoured that his young wife was prostrated by the dreadful affair. They had not been married long, and the money h?d been borrowed from Halpine for the furoisoisg. The motive for tuc murdtr w»s supposed to be to get possession of tliia bill, that it might be destroyed. The bill had not been found among the murdered man's papers. That was a damning fact. Sa when the terrible word* were pronounced, when the foreman of the jury had given utterance to the awful "Guilty" which must fall on a prisoner's ear with the Bound of a clod falling on hia coffin; when the judge, clothed in the terrors of the Jaw, stood Qp in hi* place ind pronounced the sentence. « He 8hall be Ranged by his neck till ha i, dead, and may the Lord have mercy on his soul." poor B«rtrand guped, " I hope He will hire mercy, for there i* no mercy here." And all around John Graham was a perfect jvation. The curious scarcely looked to a»e the prwoner pass out with weak steps or aoted whether his face was blanched with te*r or whether h* bare himwlf br-welr They looked rather at the rising man, who b*d spellbound them with his eloquence. The Halpines, especially, crowded about him, shook hands, thanked him with effusion, ttiuds father was there. That was the sweetest drop in this delirious draught, she would hear. Strange-such is the weakness of our aatnrs-that among that sea of faces all ready t© smile on him, J->hn Grahatu aaecned to see another that was not there-a ghastly, sallow face, with the lifa crushed out of it with the agony of death already creeping over lt~Bertrand'a face, as he had caught sight or U while making his «peeeh. It followed him to the very house of tha girl he loved, tor her father took hiai home to dinner * and qb Dover lost Bi^ht of it, even when he caught the gleam of her p^le-Rold hair or basked in the sunny sweetness of her eyes. "Masterly eloquence, sir!" exclaimed Mr. Htlpine, over his ^lasa of pals aherry, at dinner. " That c'id for the neeal. Every member of our family is under obligation to jrou; and If 1 ever can do anything to idvance your interest!-" " Oo, papa, don't talk of that awful trial nowl" exclaimed M»ud, with a shudder. Such a horrible thing I I don't see why it should have happened in our family." Miud was a little silly-just a little silly now sad then-but then she was beautiful as \ white roEe in the sunlight. And John 3raham eat there, drinking ia the " cup of a jostly death, brimmed" with delirious iraugbts of warmest life," as ho sipped her ather's palo sherry. But when h« reached homo and tho glamour was gone, and he sat once more in ihe little office where the strange* had JJsited him the night before, he felt that he iat there a haunted man; that he could lever owe lift his hand serenely in tho sunshine as before without the shadow of iomething oa tho palm-Bartrand's blood I _ Could even Maud's lily-white hand, laid In lis, for over wash out that foul spot ? There was time yet- time to cover himself with shamo and dishonour; but time to anatch back the doomed life from the itws af death. John Graham thought of it. For full five minutes ho pictured the scenes-his con fession, the ecota and contempt of those who bad lauded him to-day-the ruin of his Jareer. But tho man's life I Ah, tho man's life J Bih 1 What would his os?n life be worth afterwards ? He shrank away with an awful :owardice from the step he was contemplating. No; it was too late 1 Yet he did not feel that it was indeed too iato till tho day of execution camo. He felt tbat he bad HT<x1 ag^a till .that hoar. He Baw a new wrinkle in hia face, aa if the strange agony had written itB autograph there. And, looking in the mirror that morning, he seemed to discern a new and furtive expreu. mon In hia eyes, as if ho could look no man boldly in the face again. All that day ho walkod tho streets in feverish unrest. Ho heard the "extras" cried at evening, with aa account of the execution and Bsrtraud'a last words. Ber nard's laet words! How well ho knew what they must be I Well, it was over, then. There was no going back now; no room for repentance, though he sought it with tears. He tore away hia thoughts, with a great wrercb, from the asaallivig subject, and ho began to think of Maud and his future. Even in those few weeks he had felt that fame was thrust upon him, his career was open to him. Clients had flocked to him. His future was assured, if only Maud smiled on him. " I say," exclaimed a'-familiar voice at his shoulder " I've just called at your office, and here, by good luck, you are." Woll, Spencer," said Graham, coming out of his brown atu^y slowly, and looking at his fellow-lawyer as through a mist. " Come, wake up, old fellow. ThiB ia an exciting day for yon to go to sleep over. There a your fellow Bsrtrand excused, and an engagement announced of another friend of yours." > Graham had scarcely brought his thoughts back from their wandering when ho heard these words: "Yesj old Halpine has made a good thing of it. Ezra CollinB is worth half a Bullion. To be sure Maud's a beauty." " What are you mandering about ?" Graham exclaimed, savagely. ' Why, Maud Halpine'a engagement," exclaimed Spencer. " It's been announced for a day or two. What { have you been Bweot in that quarter ? Poor fellow 1 Come, I m going to the theatre to-night. Nothing like a roaring farce to dispel grim melan choly." But Graham excueed himself, and went home instead. He had walked all day; he had eaten nothing, and he was too weak to walk farther. The ovening paper, a haunt ing ghost, waB thrust under* his door. He trod on it aa he went in. Of course it con tained full particulars of the execution. Maud Halpino lost to him 1 This girl, lot whom he had loaded himself with tin given to another 1 For he felt now as if the sin had indeed been committed for her sake-to win fame and fortune, that he might win her.! He sat down weakly in his chair. Ah ! if he j could have known before he had sold his birthright of honour and integrity for a mess of pottage. Now he saw his hopes and dreams shattered about him, and the future desolate. The haunting shadow would walk that way beside him, and Maud would not be there to mako the sun shine. But time works wonders, and the E&me; enchanter who can plant the very graves of our beloved dead with flowers made at length a gravfi for John Graham's sorrow and *in. But it was a grave from which a ghost arose at times-a phantom that would not be laid. Not at the dead of night alone did this phantom appear, but in the street it followed him; at the banquet it found a seat-a grinning death's-head among the revellers, writing, as at Bslshazzar's feast of old, in words visible to Graham's eyes alone," Thou art weighed in tho balances, and art found wanting." But time works wonders, and even " Lore itself will smile at length On other loves gone from us." And John Graham began to forget the beaming eyes and the gleam of Maud's golden hair. Maud was a child, and said trite, eilly things; but this woman that he dreamed of had her Eonl in her glance. Besides, Mand had been married more than two yeare. _ John Graham had left the town where Ehe lived,-and where ho had been tempted and overcome. His fame had gone before him to hia new home, and ha had tried to let the dead past bury its dead. He had begnn a fair, new. page in the book of life, but ho could not tear ou^ the blurred and blotted one-only ho looked at it aB seldom as possible. All he needed now to make him happy was the companionship of a good, true- hearted woman in hie home. He could make a beautifal home for a wife now. Ha bad prospered, and money had poured in on him. Hia name stood high in the great oity, and the woman he loved was poor and obseure; so he bad little to fear. Yet what man who really loves feels no tremonr, no doubt, when he haa made up hia mind to ask the great deciding question ? Everything was in John Graham's favour, yot his heart beat "like a prisoner assailing the bara," as he waited for Con stance Thome in the splendid parlour of her employer that night. As he paced the velvet floor, restleisly, ho j thought of her as ho .had always scan her, !? her deep mourning-for aho was a joung widow-the sombre crapo and ailk only 1 olightly subduing tho splendour of her ] beauty. The deop blue eyes, the poach-like I hue of her cheeks, the bronze hair, with tho I Gun«hino asleep in it; tha force, the I character, yet the sadness of the whole face, I as if it hid a history, h«d appsaled to all I that was poetic op chivalrous in his nature. I It ^ was the kind of face to make all men I knight-errants, to kindle heroic daring, to I waken noblo aspirations. Never, if he coold I win this woman, would he sully his hands I or stain his conscience again with such deeds ! as- j Hush 1 he wonld not think of it in her I presence; and he heard the silken, soft I rustle of hor dress. Then, as she entered, I he saw the flush deepen on her oheek, and it I gave him courage. He had pieade&many; causes, but none so j difficult as hi3 own, AH his eloqaonce j seemed to fall away frcm him iu this j woman's presence. He was humble, as truo love always makes a man. Still, ho had decided that he would know his fato that I night, " Ton aro not happy here," he said, j " Constance"-it was the first time he had { called^ her by thisnamd, and she felt a pre- I monition of what was to follow. " Con- j Btanee, I have another situation to offer I you." She flushed, but only smiled. I " There is but one pupil; ho is ready to I learn ; will never bo refractory. The home Is not so splendid as this, but there is a I warmer welcome-a heart fall of lovo for J you." j " No. I am not happy hero," she said ; I "?bat I am not sure that I can ever be happy j again." J "Oh, you must be-you are BO young. I Life did not finish for you when-" he I glanced at her black dress and paused. j *' I must tell you my story," she said, in an j agitated veico, "and then you must judge whether the-sifcuatloirirj still open to me," I with a forced smile. " There is no need to go into tho past, I Constance," Graham said. " I am content. I I know you as you are; that suffices for mo. j Let the past, with its shadows, fleo away for I ever. I will take care of the future." I " Ah, if one could," answered Constance, I with a shiver, " if one could blot it all out as with a sponge ! But it does return; its ( shadows blacken all our sunshine," ! Graham wondered if oho h?A loved he; lest I husband so well. '' ' j .' You una all other happy peoplo cannot} understand my words,-" sha ^-id alter a I moment's pauje,seeming to bring hejthoaghts I back with an effort from ecmo far-off point I to which they had travelled. »I must toll you my Btory." - j " If you must then," } " Yea. They do not know it he re. It might have been in tho way of my getting I the situation. You pity mo here. Well, it is infinitely better than I over had before my I husband met me. I r/au &q; orphan without I relative. He pitied mo so that ho was I ready to do anything to rosoue mo from such I a life. He was only a clerk, and should not have burdened himself with a wife, but he risked all for me. Ho took a liEtle cottage in tho suburb of a neighbouring town. It was furnished in tho simplest manner, but it I seemed paradise to me. The roses at fch© I window-ah, me I will any other roses ever J sniell as sweet 7" and tho speaker grew j silent, and seemed lost in a painful dream. John Graham moved no easily. These j memories maddened him.' He would gladly have cut them short if he could. After an I uneasy moment of waiting, ha could not refrain from saying- I " And you loved him bo much, Constance ; I this man who was so happy as to find you I first ? Do not make me envy him In his grave." She looked at him, and a ghastly pallor I | seemed to blanch her cheek. I " Envy him! Oh, heaven ! and he died on I the scsffold I" I Then a hush liko death teemed to fall upon them; and when John Graham strove to speak his rigid Hps would form no words. "Yes. I seo you are frozen with the horror of it!" cried Conat&n;'oe, panBlonatoly. I " I knew I had only to tell my otory, and all I men, and women too, would fall away from ] me, the murderer's wife. My poor Louia I I I knew he was innocent, but I could do I nothing. The maddening thought prostrated me. As the trial went on I grew more and more oblivious. Was it kind, providential, as I the good peoplo Bay, that even my puny help I was made unavailing ? I lay scorched with j fever while my husband's life was awom away. I was raving in delirium the day, j the fatal day of his execution, and for weeks I after." I An awful horror began to deep through j every vein of the man who listened to these I passionate words, The woman^that he loved, who was she ? He tried to flak the question, I but once more his lips refused to epe*k. His brain whirled so that he could not form his thoughts into words. He waited, then, in tho samo atony silence. And Mrs. Thorne looked at him curiously, with a sinking of the heart. She was not indifferent to him. In face, in mind, and manner ho was infinitely above the plain young man who had won her girlish hand. A painful tremor ran through her voice when she spoke ng»in. " Ah, I feared your love could not atand this test-to take the widow of a man who died on the scaffold to your heart and home. ! And you are right. I could never be as bright and gay as others, This has branded my heart as with a red.hot iron." Graham had collected himself by this time. "Yon aro wrong," he said, with a painful effort, and his voice sounded afar off. "I love you. Let all this bo forgotten." " What, though I should tell you my true name ? Though I should say I was Bertrand's wife ?" she uttered in glad sur prise. " You heard of the trial Bertrand's wi/e ! the womaft hs had ao foully wronged ! .Could he uku her to his heart. Wonld not . the phantom rise at this and haunt him for ever ? And yet could he not make some repara tion by taking this woman and cherishing her tenderly? He had made her life deso late. Conld he not make tho rest BO bright with affection that the shadows of the past would be forgotten? Like lightning these thoughts flashed through his mind, and he spoke again with a voice that was low but firm. "Con stanco, I lovo .yon. 53 Nothing that has happened, nothing that can happen, will change that fact. Many an innocent man has died on the scaffold. God forbid that we should lose our future for that. If yon care enough for me- if you can take pity on me-" "Ab, no," replied Ooostaoee, with a sad | smile, " it Is yoa who take pity on me. I j nave no dower to bring but a tarnished Dame. "I am glad to give yoa another," re sponded Graham, with an answering emile. . Not that poor Louia ever did an unworthy action, Constance went on, eagerly. 11 He was the victim of circumstantial evidenoe; ana the other Bide had a most oloqaont lawyer I forget bis name. Of course, ho bahoved Bertrand guilty." ' " Lot ub talk no more of it." oriod John Graham, with an soiling heart. "Lst ns never speak of it again. It is over now finished irrevocably. We havo our future now to think about, for I will not allow you to etay here mnoh longer. I have wauled too much timo already, waiting for the one woman who is to crown my lifo." And from that moment the talk grow more lover-like, though all tho mnsio of it was -in the minor key, and tbe shadow of that scaffold was thrown over it all. John Graham, walking home under the clear, starlit eky, hosring tho frosty pave mont click sharply under hia stop, Buddenly remombored what night it was. Just three years ago be had ohosen his path, when ohaDce or Providence had suddenly placed bis fate in his hand. Yes, three years ago to-night-the burly captain had stood in hia office, dripping from every lock of hia lank hair, and told bis simple story. Three years ago, and to night ho was pledged to the wife of his victim. Ah, what a word-viotim! Why Gliould tbat ugly wnrd have intruded on hia thoughts? He otepped iuto a grander office now than tho ono in which ho had fought hia battlo with Apollyou, and lost. A ploasryit light was diffused through it; a beautiful fire in a low-down grate gave s roBy warmth to it. As Graham threw himeolf into a luxurious arm-ohair h's hand touched a letter lying on tho table. Ho took it up, and eaw that tho postjnark was from big old homo. It was in Spencer's handwriting, and enclosed another-. " Here is * letter which has been lying for 8omo weeks in tho daad letter office, and oat of pure good nature I send it to you. It may contain something important -some news of property tbat may help the.poor young woman. Sho disappeared from theso pert? so long ago that there is now hut .(? faint rumour that ebo is living under a feigned natno where you aro * lost in the darker depths of some great town.' So I thought that as you had helped her poor husband out of tho world-right enough it served him, of course-you would perhaps hunt her ug, and send her tho enclosed." Tho enclosed was a largo, Boinewhat Boiled-looking letter, directed to u" Mra. Lpuis Bertrand." "I will give it to Conetanco to-morrow night," he eaid, as ho put it in his pocket. .. How Spencer would open hia eyes if he know tho true state of the case." And then ho began to think how tbe community in general at hia old homo would open their oye3, and what tongues would wag over this strange marriage. *'It will ba a nine days' wonder, and thoa it will die Out," he said. '. No ono will'know that I am trying to mako an atonement." Graham suddenly recollootcd tho letter tho QGSfc night when ho had been talking with Gonntanco for an hour. " Ob, hero io something for yon," lio said, handing it to her, nnd explaining the cironm stance of its coming. "I hopo it is only good newa." "My good news comes always from yon," Constance anaworod, taking tho letter care lessly, with a smile. " Oh, yon must opon it. I am carious about yonr correspondent?," Graham said. So Conatsnoo opouod it, aod, looking at her while ahe read, John Graham eaw her fac9 pale bsforo his eyes, and a low cry escaped her lips. "What is it?" ho cried, springing np. " Any bad news ?*' Constance hod rison too, She stood tbers proudly, with a strango expression in her eyes. "Read it," she said, holding tbo letter towards him, " and judge for yourself.'' Graham took tho letter mechanically, wondering why he should read it. Tho writing was stiff and constrained-an almost illegible hand. But ho wag a lawyer, and accustomed to decipher everything. Thna it ran: " Eeepected Madam,-I feel it my bounden dooty to malio known to you, tho' too late to save him as is gone, a fact or two, which likewise I commoonickated to a iawyer John Graham by name-as proved a damned raskil. I beg your pardon, but the thought on t riles mo beyant expreanion. For I went to him tbe night aforo, and took my aflldavy as well he knows, how I seen another man J comia out of HalpiDo'e at a certain hour, as stands to reason were not your good man at j all, for he had yallor hair and blue eyes, as were a sugpioions circumn'anoa, and. ounht ter havo bin followed np. It was pat down m black and white, and ho said it wonld stand. So I wont off on a long cruise with a quiet heart, and when I arrives the other day I hears that yonr lamented hnaband is executed, and no mention made of auybody else, or suspicion, or nothin' about thatchao I seen oomin' out. In short, that ere lawyer John Graham, had cooked up his case aforo he seen me, and ho warn't goin* to spile it with the truth. He's a willin', and ef ever I meet him I'll tell him so; and ef he can be tried for it, I'll present him, for he murdered your hnaband as Burely as that other feller did Halpine. So, no more at present from your friend and well-wisher, " Tnoiiis BBOWSE." L^ng before bo hod finished this letter John Graham felt the hot bl«od surging to hie head and o strango singing in hiB ears. He knew whoso oye was upon him, and he quailed utterly. He dared not look up. " Is it .true?'' ConBtanoa said, at last, after waiting vainly for Bomo word. l\ tra6!" Grafaara faltered, feeling that bis doom was sealed. Ho had stooped to much, but he could not lie to this woman. Ho felt that her clear eyes looked into his very uonl. '!.T/Ven notbin2 remains but for yoa to go, Constance said, in a clear voice, "Have you nothing else to say to mo?'* Graham pleaded, in a piteous voice. " Nothing, save to advise yoa to lea?© this eity, for, you see, thi» man oan spoil your practice, C^csiancc wtns on, piti!o3sIy. " Is there no hope, Constance," ho urged. "None," ehe answered, firmly. «« My only hope iB never to see your face again." John;Grabsm looked once on the face which was all the world to him, and then, like Adam of old, was driven from that paradise of love for his sin. He wcat out mto the wilder ness, desolate and bare for him for ever The Far West, tbat refuge for all, seemed to offer a home where hia fame and his infamv were alike unknown, and there he lived hi life. A tousq woman whoj had never learned, the gentlo art of cookery, boing desirous of impressing her husband with her knowledge and diligence, manages to have hor kitchen door ajar on the day after their return from the bridal trip, and jast ub bor lord oomea in ? from the office, exclaims loudly-" Harry np, Eliza, do 1 Haven't, you w&Bhed; thi ! lettuce y«t? Here, give ;t to.me; yfUere'a I the »ospf" 