AMERICA. MOinratENT TQ THE IRISH PATBIOf, SAMUEL NEELSON. During the past year the Neilson Monument Association has been collecting funds to be applied to purchasing a suitable place of interment and erecniig a monument over the remains of the Irian atriot, Samuel Neilson. Recently a Eeautiful sight'lias been secured in the Rural Cemetery, in the city of Ponghkeepsie, New York, and on Wednesday afternoon, the 15th ult., tbe ceremony of transferring the remains took place. The site selected is a knoll about 200 feet from the main entrance to the cemetery, and is eighteen feet square. In the centre is a large rock in which an excavation has been made for the reception of the marble urn in which is to be deposited the ashes of the exile. This was desiened by Mr. Crook, an architect of New York, who has taken a deep interest in the movement. The rock will be used as the base of a proposed monument to be erected in Neilson's memory, but for the present the simple slab over the present grave will Jje used. The only known descendants of the man in the possession of whose remains Poughkeepsie is honoured, are Mrs. Jane M'Adam, ninety years of age, his daughter, of Yonkers, and Mrs. Drake, his grand-daughter, wife of the wellknown banker of that name in New York city. Both of these ladies, as well as other members of their families were present and participated in the services. The following brief sketch of his eventful life was prepared by Rev. Dr. M'Sweeney, and will not be without interest:— Samuel Neilson was the son of a Presbyterian minister, and was born in the county of Down, Ireland, in the year 1761\. He was liberally educated, married early in life, and entered on a successful business career in Belfast. Inspired by the echoes from America, he joined Grattan's Volunteers of '82, and, fmpatient of the exclusion of Catholics from the liberties he himself enjoyed, was one of the chief movers in the establishment of the Society of United Irishmen, an asso- ciation composed chiefly of men of the cities, whose object was to secure equal rights for all without distinction of class or creed, and who set themselves up like a stone wall between therecreant, bigotted nobles, and the downtrodden Catholic peasantry. John Savage, in his " '98 and '48," says that " Neilson is generally looked upon as the originator of the Society of United Irishmen, and was one of the most active, sincere and undeviating of its leaders." Wolfe Tone speaks of him as distinguished for virtue, talent and patriotism." His fortune, which consisted of upward of £40,000, was placed at the service of the cause he espoused, and in assisting in the organisation of the United Irishmen. At the Dungannon Convention, called in furtherance of this subject in 1793, Neilson presided, and said : "We will revive the great principle of the Irish Volunteers, and engraft on all reform and parliamentary independence, Catholic Emancipation; for it is unjust in the sight of heaven to exclude Catholics from tbe claims put forth by Protestants." In July, 1792, with several others who showed their sincerity by contributing £250 a-piece, he founded the Northern Star, and was unanimously chosen editor-in-chief. ~The other principals were Simpson, Russell, Porter, Kelburn and Dickson, three of whom were Presbyterian ministers, and all of whom, suffered death or exile in the issue. The paper obtained a great circulation,' chiefly through the untiring energy of Neilson, who in 1794 became its sole proprietor, a position of essential importance to the cause, but of the greatest danger and pecuniary damage, on account of the constant prosecutions wherewith its bold, intelligent, and effective appeals were visited by the government, " The Northern Star," says Dr. Madden, in his " Lives and Times of the United Irishmen," was conducted by my friend Samuel Neilson, and it could not be delivered into abler hands. It is in truth a most incomparable paper, and was one great means of effectually accomplishing the union of the two great sects by the simple process of making the mutual sentiments better known to each other." In 1794 the paper was prosecuted for ; lublishing the address of the United \------—& ouiucob ui lixc uiuiea Irishmen to the people of Ireland, from which we select this passage:—"We address your understandings, the common sense of the common weal; and we «sk you is it hot true that where people do not participate in the legislature hy a : delegation of representatives freely,' fairly, and frequently elected, there can be no public liberty P Is it not th& fact that in this country there is no representative legislature, because tiie people sra not represented in the legislature, and have no partnership in the Constitntion f If it be the principle of the Constitution that it'is the right of every commoner in this realm to have a vote in the election of his representative, «ad ii<lwty without such vote no man can be actually represented, iti^.our wish, in that case, to renovate that Constitution, and to revive its suspended animation by giving free motion and full play to its vital principle. If, on the other hand, the Constitution does not fully provide for an impartial and adequate representation of all the people, if it be more exclusive than inclusive in its nature,: if it be a monopoly, a privilege, or a prerogative, —in that case it is our desire to alter it, for what is the Constitution to us, if we are nothing to the Constitution ? Ib the Constitution made for you, or you for itP If the people do not constitute a part of it, what is it to them more than the ghost of Alfred, and what are principles without practice, which they hear and read, to practice without principles, which they see and fed f" The office of the Northern Star was sacked in 1796, and the paper being finally sup- -pressed in 1797, Neilson, who lost his 'ortune and passed a year in prison, immediately on his release became as ardent in action as he had been zealous in teaching. In his attempt to force the gaol where Lord Edward Fitzgerald was confined, he was captured after a stout re- sistance. Being arraigned for felony and asked if he had counsel, he said, " I have been robbed of everything. I have no money to fee counsel. I scorn your power. It shall ever be my pride to have always opposed it." He walked out of the dock, as Curran saw him, " loaded with chains and uncertain as to his fate, but his mind was as firm and his spirits as buoyant as in the days of his prosperity." 'The ^government had hanged several priests and ministers, besides slaughtering numbers of the people for participation in the rising, and at length judged it impolitic to increase the number of such martyrs, so Neilson, who rejected the overtures and bribes of the Crown, was imprisoned for two years at Fort George, in Scotland, where, however, he enjoyed the consolation of educating his son, and finally, with his companions in suffering, Thomas Addis Emmet and Dr. acnevin, was condemned to exile. hey came to the happy shores of merica, where the two latter reached igh fame and fortune in their respective rofessions of law and medicine. Two agnificent monuments in St. Paul's hurchyard, Broadway, tell of the esteem n which New York held Emmet and acNevin. Neilson, broken down in ortune and in health, did not have a like opportunity to display his splendid ability, and sealed his love of country and universal liberty by his death in exile, at Poughkeepsie, in 1803, two years after his landing in the United States. During his residence in Poughkeepsie he contributed some able articles to the Telegraph, then conducted by the father of the late E. B. Eilley. A short time after the patriot's death Mr. Killey transferred his friend's remains from the old cemetery which then occupied the site of the Poughkeepsie Hotel and adjoining property in which they were first interred, to the old English buiying ground, at his own private expense, and also placed on the grave the slab that marks the spot. The remains were removed on 15th September from their place of interment in the Episcopal Cemetery. When the grave containing them was opened nothing but a small quantity of dark ashes was found, which was placed in a marble urn. The exercises were of an impressive character and were well attended. A Chabmed Life.—A trumpeter,' de scribing the battle of Maiwand, thus relates what befell himself during the engagement: —"As I was orderly trumpeter of the general commanding the force, and of the officer commanding the 3rd Light Cavalry, I had, indeed, very much to do during the fight. I had to take messages from one place to another, and while standing behind of me were blown away, and I was saved. We were ten persons with the commanding officer, and of us only two were saved, the commanding officer and myself, the reBt were blown up. At one time, as I was standing behind a gun, my brother oame to Me me. I said,' Well, what do you want He said, 'Nothing; I came to see you.' Just as he uttered those words a bullet washed off my right moustache without any mjury to my mouth. The next came just after the first, hitting my horse's headstall^ and the horse was saved. Again, another minirte after,Mother bullet toretHe sMn/bff my horse's hock, injuring .him a little, and a fourth hit the hsrob'fi kriee' 'and thigh, on aocountof.Miioh myborseremained a month on sick list." _ A .Maddhkhd Gjlmbme.—At ^Ketrafttta near Cosenza, a schoolmaster named Tancredi, 20 yeare of age, irritated •by a run of ill-luck at ; cards and maddened fey dripfr shot his oousin, aged 28,.anotheroflhe SSEf - o n tWo 7gaVe fce^iM ^ ^ f P to 