^^B'iiB5l'iil!iiii:i.iSW 'tiiiiiiii mi.tiifc-Jiiiiii.!'!!^ My poem on Billy Vickers has provoked a reply from that native, and I pass it on, without note or comment, to the Editor :— *' I tak up my ritiiig pin to ssk you not to be ritin about me no more as I think you ort too be shamed of vtaiiwaU VmstnoA o £11ai* +Viq+ punt cfan as Tvmf-'h 3 fifnr as you can you shout for hini untill heis drunck and then you says he is bloin when he tell about his buloxs and farm that he was born on Betsy kiced up an auful shine when she sor the plaice were you says you woud like to nock me down she sais sais she it is like his impertanance to talk about droppin of you why it wold take a Bakers dozen of lantun jawd spindle shanked wizen faced Town Swells to do that and then they could not I have seen lots of town fillers nocing about the bush looken for a feed fellers that can do any thing abot a farm only work Betsy sais one nativ is as good as a padok full of them i'allus em iny livin drive my bullox and like to talk about them and i has to sell my corn and chikins at least Betsy has likewis hay and butter so as to mak a livin if we did not we could not have gon down to the Exerbition for Betsy maid enuff out of her Clukens and Butter to pay all our expenses. Look at the hills why blame them what time have I to look at them when a man has a wagin and 14 bulux to see to he has to keep lookin at them I can tell you i once had a nuchum and he could talck like a parson about the hills and criks and Lord nose wat One da as I was a cumin down a stiffish hill with a lode of rales he commenced hollerin out about a crik that was a sloshing over a rok I thout a snaik had bit him he maid such a row i loked to see wat was the matter and the wagin came agin a stump and brok the pole I hit him over the hed with a 2 year old saplin to try and nok some sense into it He never shoed me any more Caskades as he called them You think becas i did not talk about Madam Patty and Mr Berry I never saw them but I did I -vent to a plaice called the happy land and saw Mr Berry and a lot of other coves to. i disremember their names but I remember Berry as my nearside leder is called strarberry I went to see Madam patty to well she is 'a boomer but she sings farish/but that fillar with the big fiddle if he was to come plaing about my hut i would sit Boxer and Cruiser on him they woud make him skip If you want to hear 'musick you ort to hear our Jim play on the Juse harp it is splendid but you town coves novir like nothing that other folks like when I was in sidney a filler told me I orter go an see the pictur gallary will I wint and if I _ cort one of my galls gittin her likcnis taken without any close on the same as those galls there as theres done I would give her such a laminin she would put her close on next time but town galls aint lik bush galls bush gall:- is more shy I do not no wat you mean about my close bin cheap will of course I did not have a long taled blue or a biltopper on but my close wur not cheap I got em from a halker last xmas 12 month and pade 4 poun 15 shillins for the turn out so Mr. Middler nix time you rite about me drau it mild and dont talk about dropin of me case I wont stand it.' There was in one of the suburbs recently a grand wedding, which was in many respects a most enjoyable affair. The breakfast was under canvas, and the party throughout was of the lawn or open-air style, but the band was one of the most brazen conglomera tions of discord it has ever been my unhappy lot to endure. When the shades of evening deepened, the newly- married pair seated themselves in their com fortable carriage, and took their departure for some part of the country ; while the band — oh, horror ! — most skilfullv murdered that srlorious coniDnsit.ion. flip ' Wedding March.' 'Happy, thrice happy couple,' exclaimed my friend Crochet 'Why so happy?' was my rather vinegary inquiry. ' Why, happy in getting out of earshot of that (a very naughty word) band ! ' He dreams. He is not in any way connected with a 'bus company, but the god Oneiros waves his wand of fantastic imagery, and Incubus and Succubus arise to torture him with delusions whose groundwork is that he has gone into the 'bus business from a purely philanthropic wish to study the comfort of the people, and that rickety vehicles and overworked animals have swollen his money-bags. What is that weight upon his feet? Not a motor and tramcar ! Yes, he is Sydney ; and dashing along a main artery to lus heart come the laden cars. At every pore he sweats sovereigns, and the people laugh at his anguish. The people! those for whom he supplied vehicles, luxurious, save that they were a trifle noisy and draughty, with a tendency to let in rain and to be a trifle (say an hour or so) irregular in a* \?me oi runnuiS- ** tne drivers were insolent, and the conductors impudent, otherwise they were seraphs, and if the horses were as slow of progress as snails, and had a habit of falling occasionally, still they were horses. And the people laugh, and point to another tram coming from the eastward — a winged «am, flashing along with healthy people from Coogee. ^f'18' the rails are spear-pointed, and dart straight for his heart, and he starts, almost to wake in norror, when he feels his head, buzz! and an 'nmense funnel branches out like a horn. Oneiros waves his wand, and bitter tears fall from the sleeper as an impudent little motor steams up to him, hooks on ins money-bags, and, with a puff of derision, spreads a pair of wings and flies off with them. Still inere is comfort. Plump Hope has often conducted £'? m spirit to the bar of the House, and, waving the ~u?mans of monopoly and compensation, tilled his Packets with gold from the Consolidated Revenue, fte turns for consolation to his flatterer; but— ah! bon ''~HoPe Ues a grisly skeleton, clutching in his y grasp both monopoly and compensation. And hundreds of lines and tons of motors bear down upon him ; and as a mountain weight hangs over his heart, he screams— and awakes. He wipes his face and drops to sleep again. Oneiros waves his wand, and he finds himself ? Where ? A great plain has assumed the like ness of an immense stable-yard. 'BusesMith broken windows and patched - up springs creakouta hymn of rest. Horses — 'bus horses — frisk about with un gainly movements, ob livious of their broken knees and barely healed collar raws ; and, as he proceeds, a feeble vet eran, forgetful of the whip, glances at him with an impudent leer, as who should say with a horse-laugh, 'We've got no work to do.' The ghosts of consump tive conductors and asthmatic drivers hurry past him, all bent for a distant tramway. They mount the motor ; and, while some feed, the fire and work the driving - levers, others assume the guard uniform, and civilly check the tramway-tickets. What is this ? From 100 throats peals the reply, ' Sydney traffic of the future.' He groans and awakens. To sleep again. Again a change. He is a cabman whose horse refuses to be startled by the tramway. He is a timid traveller who finds tramway travelling, to his surprise, pleasanter than 'bus-riding ; and, filially, he is Dr. Moflitt. He drives up George-street at night trembling at the thought of the dreadful accident that will ensue should he meet the tram cars, at which his horse will infallibly be startled into equine madness. The last of the 'buses passes with a clatter which makes his horse swerve dangerously close to the kerb ing. He applies the whip, and runs over an old woman, who, luckily, is so little injured that she is able to pick herself up and curse the retreating driver volubly. And -her curse holds, for in the distance glares the giant eye of the motor. No escape ; the street has narrowed, and all the crossways are closed in. He must pass it. Nearer and larger grows the fiery eye, and as it is upon him he jumps with a scream from his seat. The danger is past ; no bones broken ; but where, O where ! is the horse ? Dashing along with a fragment of shafting beliind him, mad with ever-growing terror ! The horror is so great that he awakens to find that it was all a dream, a nightmare, the outcome of a heavy supper and the complaint of the 'Bus Company. 