EASTER MONDAY. Monday was again a beautiful day, the weather being just that suited to outdoor amusements. The signs of holiday-making ware Very apparent throughout the city and town from an early hour, and the appearance of the streets. soon after, a gala ciay in and around Ballarat.' Crowdsh/ will’ and people/ &\I looting, as they npdoubt felt, happy in the. antioipatfoH 6rjfls£itta and poured into the town from all quarters-.'by f’ai/ ) 'o6'a«h,buggy,' and the. good old family ohaise-oart. We dp not remember haring on any. previous occasion of the'kind seen a larger gathering In the streets than there was on \- llohflay. The sffleiidid rporning, the ringing of ..the Alfred bells,'tfie music 6Tf feasd tends; and the: merry voices of the young people made Up a pleasant aftJ very animated spectacle.' The traffic wasMmehsej dab's did omnibuses were, plying up and. down the principal thoroughfares with such human’ freights as defied the regulations made and provided, l while the demand for horses and traps at the several livefy-stabla keopera’ establishments placed very considerable strain apdn the resources at hand. The fruiterers, tobacconists,, and such other establishments as usually reap a good harvest at holiday times, had. .numerous and anxious customers, while the majority of the hotelkeepers had no rsasotl to Complain of the state of trade. Diaing* rd'ticdt wtrre, thronged with hungry .guests; and in.a word, all was life; gaiety, arid holiday hustle;, Tory good order was observed dnfing the day; tho fun and onjpymeritbeipg almost, totally dcVoidbf anything ap proaching inebriety. We give b’elow sdnSa' faWpafticu lara respecting the . doings, and,of the principal gathering-places of holiday folk. Foremost amongst these unfit be named : The Lake and' QakdenU. From 10 o’clock on Monday morning until S in tho afternoon the Botanical Gardens were thronged. Picnic parties of all dimensions and qualities were there, from the sumptuous display of fowls, wines, and fancy pastry to that of corned-beef sandwiches and ginger pop. All appeared happy and contented, some of the town children appearing to ravelin the grass and freih air as if it were estrange and most enchanting treat. Two little mite* wa noticed particularly; with straw hats dangling round their necks, they wore covering's third and tinier mite with grass, which they pulled with their hands, appearing'to regard the whole matter as a moat im portant undertaking. In the large marquee a musician, who furnished melody from an accordeon with a rather unsettled wind apparatus, gave a number of young people the opportunity to engage in a dance, which opportunity -they quickly availed them selves of; the evolutions, and contortions that some of those young male dancers indulged in was • awe inspiring. The flower reserve was crowded,, every shady nook and quiet seat being occupied by young couples who .appeared to be steeped in a peculiarly ecstatic sort of oblivion that rendered them quite heed less of the inquisitive eyes of passers-by. On the lake there was a boat to nearly every'four yards square of water, the racing yacht and the flat-bottomed punt fraternising and jostling one another in a friendly spurt,: and rowing boats that looked somewhat like distressed beetles, as now one oar and now another splashed in the water or waved frantically in the air. The steamers were loaded to the very edge of the water, and'must have done an immense trade. Many people spend their holiday almost' exclusively in taking three penny “goes”,of steamer. Cabs and.’buses were plying to and from the gardens the whole day, and were extensively patronised. One very marked feature in the gathering at the gardens was the utter absence of rowdyism and drunkenness, a tone of good nature and happiness prevailing everywhere. The Public Libbabt Pete On tho Eastern Oval draw together a large number of persons, considering the many and varied attractions presented elsewhere by the holiday. The committee of tho Public Library, assisted by a few gentlemen who are generally to tho fore in all matters connected with outdoor fetes, hard to promote ! the success of the day’s doings, and taking .into consideration tho fact that they were obliged .to keep the important mat ter of expenses within certain limits,' a fair programme was presented. Tho day’s proceedings commenced with a procession, consisting of the B.Y.R. brass band and the members of the Ballarat Juvenile Hebrew Fire Brigade, which were ' each accommodated on hoard ' Messrs Broadbent Brothers’ lorries suitably decorated. The youthful fife- eaters were got up in full uniform, and had with them their miniature hose- real. The grounds were reached about I o’clock, and shortly after wards tho sports commenced. Amongst tho prominent at tractions was numbered a pony race,which commanded a large amount of interest. ■ Tho nags were quite up to the mark of ordinary racers, and the mounts com prised professional ‘jocks,’ some of whom by the way displayed but uttlo knowledge of their busi ness. _ The balloon arrangements, under Mr Roffa peculiar care, provoked great fun, and were carried out sufficiently well to please all; Some little accidents did occur, but after all these, if anything, added to the fan. Tho first experiment was with a fire balloon, to which was attached a grotesque representation of an elephant. However, as soon as the balloon ascended with its curious appendage the wind caused a collision, and both ele phant and balloon went off in bine flames, to the in tense delight of the. spectators, who appeared to think that tho accident had been purposely arranged. A pig and a harlequin, each inflated with gas, were then in turn sent up, and- floated and danced about in mid air after the most comical fashion. Bicycle racing, blindfolded wheelbarrow matches, the tug of war, ghost race, and other fun- provoking con tests made up the rest of tho programme. The B.V.E. hand played selections of airs on the ground during the fate, and generally speaking matters were carried out with a “go*’ that greatly pleased and satisfied those who spent their holiday on the grounds. The committee made the most of the circumstances un der which the fete was got up,. and It is fair to state kept good faith with the public. Tho result of the day’s sports was as follows: . ■ . State School Race, once round—Prizo, “Boy’s Own Book.” “William Merc Or Won this event. Walking MaTCii, one mile—First prise, new pair boots, M. Stevenson; second, meerschaum pipe, Shaw. WheeIBABBOW Race, 100 yards, competitors blind folded—First prize, box of cigars, P. Leonard; second, now hat. Smith. Girls’ Race, under fourteen years of age—First prizo, a pair of lady’s boots, Miss Rose Blayney; second, set of knives and. forks. Miss Maggie Cabey. There were about a dozen competitors, and tho girls displayed very good going powers. Juvenilb Fibe Bbiqade Raoe -Prize, a case of fruit. Two_ teams started. Lieutenant Flohtn’a team won, boating Capt. Bernstein's team. Thera were seven youngsters iU each team. Tea OP Was, six aside—Prizo, £1 16s. This con test provoked some amusement, and was very toughly fought out, the competitors on each side patting a consi derable amount of muscle into it. The sides wereehosan by Messrs Wilson and J. Leonard. . Wilson's side woh. Pont Rage, for untrained ponies Under 13 hands high. _ One mile; f at. —First prize, £2 10s,. Mr M'Phail’s pony (Brown, rider); second, £llos, Mr S. Cadden’s pony (Master Cadden, rider); third, £l, Mr Hawkin’s pony (Bull, rider); fourth, silver mounted whip, Mr Fisher’s pony (Fisher, rider). This was the best event of the day. Mr Graviile acted as starter and general manager of the course, and carried out the races admirably. There were seven starters. One lad was thrown in running off a dead heat, but Was not hurt. • BiotglE RACE, riders in costume. Two miles. There were three starters. Wheeldon won, Thompson was second, and Goddard third, Minebs’ Race, once round—First prize, a ham, D. Rowlands; second, 6 lb tea. Smith; third, a new axe, Johnson, The balloon asoont; announced for the wind up of the fete was a failure, as Whan the huge bag was half inflated a lad shied a atone through it, causing a collapse. Bishopsooubt Gaeden Pet b. Bishopseourt, Lake Wendouree, the residence of Bishop Thornton, was quite a gala scene on Raster Mon day. The delightful and picturesque seat in question was purchased some time ago for an episcopal residence for the Ballarat Anglican Bishop, the sum of £5OOO or thereabouts being paid for tho property. About £3OOO of.that amount has been cleared off, and with the view of raising SomoJunds towards liquidating a portion of the remaining liabilities, the leading church members, consisting of Messrs H. R. Caselli, James Orr (treasurer), J. Garbutt, C. W. Gibson, and Webb, initiated the garden ' fete. The affair was . very 1 suc cessful, a large number ‘ of tho members of the church having taken a deep interest in the matter, and worked hard as well as contributed liberally. Besides, wa were pleased to learn from a leading member ot the church committee that numbers of persons belonging to other denominations subscribed most liberally to tha project, and seemed to taka a pleasure in landing a helping hand. The weather was all that could be desired, and the scene was beautiful in the extreme; m short, more like what one would, dream of as existing in the old magnificent centres of European fashion, than anything naturally expected to ba met with in this young Australian land. Lake Wendouree’s wide expanse of limpid waters lay calm and tranquil, except where ruffled by the pretty craft disporting on Us breast; the drooping willows on its margin hang their foiiage in graceful beauty; adjoining lay the rich scenery of the Botanical Gardens; and lines of flags and triumphal arches floated high in-the air over tho avenue leading to the episcopal mansion,- in front of which a fountain played with jets of spray; while the finishing element was given to the charming- picture by tho B.V.R. band, which'during the evening, by per mission of Major Sleep, almost incessantly discoursed sparkling popularoparatio airs, which not only lent additional: attraction to the grounds, .but- which also .floated away over woodland and water, flinging rioh musical spells far and near. In the grounds beside the mansion a large marquee was erected, and within it were the numerous beautiful Articles usually . disposed. of on an occasion of the kind, many of which were the needlework 'of ladies belonging to the -congregation.. The following ladies' were those principally engaged in the supervision of the stalls:—Mesdames James ,Orr, Finiayson, Rowe, WardeiV Bagge, Towl, Eildahi, and' Miss Mercer, Miss Mann, Miss Gaunt, -Miss Buchanan, Miss Ochiltree, Miss Morey, and .Miss Mitchell. The refreshment stall; which was laden with viands, &0., was under the superintendence "ot Mesdames ; Gibson and Thomson, assisted by. the Misses Crabbe and Ser jeant, and the flower stall was supervised, by Missel Gibson, Carter; and; Bagge. Mrs Gibson had; worked very hard In the matter, and numbers of the edibiss on the ref resbmsut stall had been cooked by herself. 1 Many other ladies, had also exerted, themselves very much. It wonld be impossible here to proportion the meed bf praise towhioh vast numbers of those present were eq-- titled for tie trouble'tiey tied takes; suffice it tozay, that all seemed heartily built cto the affair a snnenm. Among the donation* may M’mentioned valuable gift* 'of sbrubejilante, 4e., from Moeera O, Laiig and Oo.i and Herbert; and Mr .Smith, confectioner, seats tory handaome oaks, . There were race matches on the afld two pretty silver oaps were given by the : committee to?. tnede 'stents. <: There' was also a trophy | fivenbyMrSleep; ddd ObS from Mr Gibson. The races weis iaa. StKort. Race—First prize, .cottftfimee’e cup, d.-Fergusonr- SMOnd. Mr Gibson’s ! trophy (£1 left A. Crebbe; , third, 10k,'& King, ; Suaday.-sohool'Raoe—Pirat.prise, bommittee’e cop, G. ; Baylee; second,. £1 la,'J. Tudkerj third, 10s, J. Tow)., A sapk rape, a Siamese rape, 1 and a potato race were also on th‘4 programme,;. Mr Bradbury - wda starter,.Mr Caselli judge, add MrGarbuttwas assisting,- Croquet and other. games ware’ tfranged for, and aftar dark, there was a brilliant, display, of fireworks; under the management of Mr A. Towl and Mr G. Towf,ooniistfng i of rockets, bouquets of .Chinese fires, coloftfd. lights, Catherina-wheele, bombs,- Roman candles; &0., this part o'f the affair .being very .beautiful.' A pretty stirring trade) ytdsdon'o by the fair stall-holders.. The bishop , and Mrs Thoßit&f; Sfpfe' .present, during: the day,- and | took a lively interest in the affair.. Theßevs. Allnutt, .Gulliver, Wynne, and -Mercar wefb thefle, and most of 'the' leading church: ' residents in - the) surrounding district ■ were -present, among - whom, wo nay mention thd ; Hon. •; Henry Cuthbert, { M.LiC. ' It was/ estimated that there etere five or six - hundred persons on tho' ground, old .and young.- The takings : altogether amounted to' £lOO (ffs- 4dj tai which may be added subscriptions paid previously atfiotinthig to- £BO, making total ;of £lBO 9s 4d. The amount received at the Sower stall was £4 7s_6d, and. at the refreshment Stall £8 3sBd. Yooal selections were rendered in excel* lent style' by Mossrs Robson,' Cazsiy,- Biddle, Oliver, Woolcbek, TVhitten, .fly/ Gilbert, Cummins, and Towl. The proceedings Were carried on till after 8 o’clock, when business wa* closed;' The sale Will bo resumed to-day at. 3.3 ff p.-ori -Thefe will be mdsioal selections, and a farther display of pyrotechnics in the evening by Messrs Kelly; and in' order. id aoc'onirmodate the 4 public Mr. Wellington will run his ’buses to S late hphr. .. - . Trie Water Reserves' Were visited by so'me hundreds of pionio folk,- amongst wbom wera a donsiderable nunibor. of ;risitors to Balla rat, some of whom hail from adjacent colonies; The forest looked its bast, freshened tip by,' the', lata' rains, -and due advantage token of the mdny beadtiful re treats around. Kirk’a. v dam and the weir-head by the tourists. Other Water-side Resorts Were eagerly sought out by those .who preferred a day’s quiet enjoyment in the country, and again Fisken’s dam yielded good baskets of peroh to the anglers who know the ins and outs of the water. A party fishing the Moprabool obtained some fair success amongst the trout. We noticed tired and 'travel-stained sportsmen-..making their way homewards on Monday evening, and in some instances well-filled game bags spoke of the supply of bares met with by the.gunners on their travels. .BUnInVONQ . Attracted a rather numerous party of visitors, the cabs being kept well going throughout the day. The ascent of the mount was made by some of the party, while others devoted their-; time to a ramble through the gardens at Mossmount and Webbville, which are so widely known throughout the district. -.-. Our Mining Claims Came in for a very large share of attention at the bands of those of, the visitors- of a speculative turn of: mind. Business was.combined with pleasure in the tour of inspection made along the line' of Redan claims, and interests were very carefully looked into by those who can only now and; then avail themselves of a trip to; Bailarat._ Shares and the share market,.lodes, makes, slides, winces, and such matters were discussed with becoming gravity. The extent and nature of .the. development in quartz-mining somewhat eurpriaed the bulk of the visitors, and from what transpired it is.just likely than an increase in the vitality of the Ballarat share market will be the outcome of’ Monday’s inspec tion. s At Bungaree Some impromptu horse-racing and other sports were got up, and had their share of attention. The Gordon lino of railway haring placed the forest within easy and cheap reach of Ballarat, was taken advantage of by many_to whom Bungaree has boon hitherto quite un explored country. At the Alfred-hale A promenade concert was given during the evening, on behalf of dha funds of the Ballarat East Public Library, There was a moderate attendance, and a well-selected programme, in which old Ballarat favorites took part;. Amongst the soloists was a gentleman who has lately come amongst us, and although well known in the cricket field, made, as' far as we are aware, his debut as a public singer in Ballarat. We refer to Mr Swift, who contributed several songs froln “Fritz,” A la Emmet, iu really capital style. The B.V.R. brass band was in attendance, and played appropriate selections during the evening. Space will not permit us to give any detailed notice of the many merits of the various other performers, but we may say that the concert from a musical point of view was a success, and that those who attended it spent and very pleasant evening. The programme was as follows; Overture, band; trio, “The wreath,!’Misses Woodlands and Rctebford aod Mr Byers; song, “In happy moments,” Mr B. Cherry; song, “ Climb up,” Mr Swift; song, “Como baokto Erin,” Miss Woodlands; duet, “Larboard watch,” Messrs Slack and Byers; song, “ Lot me -like a soldier fall," Mr- Wells; band, “We mean to keep our empire in the East;” song, “Thus goes the world around,” Mr Byers; song, “ The water-cress girl,” Mr Swift; band selection; duet, “ When night declines,” Misses Woodlands aud Retch ford ; song, “la seek for thee in. every flower,” Mr Slack; song, “The wishing cap,” Mug Wightwick; band selection; song,. “Bologna sausage boy," Mr Swift; song, “ Oh whisper what thou fealeat,” Mr Wells; song, “ The old sexton,” Mr Byers; song; “Then you’ll re member me,” Mr Slack; aong, “Booked in the cradle -of the deep,” Mr E. Cherry; band, “God save the Queen.” At tbo conclusion of the concert the hall was cleared for a dance, and an hour or two was most pleasantly spent by a numerous assemblage ot young" folk. At the Ballarat Fire Brigade Station A bail was held on Monday evening, and was well at tended. The arrangements were in good hands, and the dancing was kept up till an early hour this morning. ■ , Ti& Wesleyan Sunday-school Exhibition Was brought to a close on Monday evening. Vocal selections were very nicely rendered by Mrs John Camp bell and Miss Worrall, and the Misses Shewring, Os borne, and Wild contributed some pianoforte music, which was much admired: The evening wae spent i pleasantly and profitably by the large assemblage in inspecting the many objects of interest on view. The gold medal was awarded by the jurors to Mr H. Crisp, of the Barkly street Wesleyan Suuday-school, for the electro-magnetic machine, which has been made and beautifully finished by that young gentleman, who has, we believe, not yet reached his nineteenth year. The prises won will be paid and the exhibits cleared at tho Dana street hall this (Tuesday) afternoon. The exhibi tion has, we learn, proved a financial success; and it has certainly brought about exactly what its originators desired of it. Chiarini’s Circus, , Chiarini’s circus was again visited by thousands on Monday afternoon and evening. Tho attendance in the evening was tho largest that has yet visited the circus, every part of the immense marquee being crowded. The performance was excellent of its kind, the tumbling and horse-riding being such as is not to be seen in ordinary travelling shows. The educated zebras were of course a feature in tho performance, and were loudly applauded' for their share in the evening’s entertain ment. Miss Kellie Reid introduced her beautiful steed Garibaldi once more, and put the highly trained aaimai through a number of very clever acts. Signor Chiarini, we regret 'to state, was, through illness, unable to take part In the evoning’S' performance; Mr Holloway was most entertaining as clown, and kept the audience iu a sim mer of laughter during the time of hie appearance in the arena. The. performance was concluded by a very laughable sketch instead of the usual performance of the lion tamer, this act no doubt being judiciously ex punged from tha evening’s performance owing to tha late accident that befel two of tho audience, Tho circus will be open to-day and to-morrow, both afternoon and evening, and all who have not visited this excellent show should do so. , The,Railway Station. Tha excitement and crush at the Western railway station on Monday was without parallel in the annals of previous holiday gatherings. During the morning the platform was crowded with excursionists to Warrenheip, Lit Lai, Cteswiok, Chinos, and the other easily reached: places of resort. The morning train to Melbourne num bered eighteen carriages, and. comprised family parties, ■ wedding parties, shooting parties, and Chinamen, a most indiscriminate assortment. All the . up-country ■ trains coming into Bal larat were crowded in the morning, os also on the return journey in the evening. - The last train to Mel bourne, leaving Ballarat at 7.10, was, without doubt, the -largest and most crowded that ever left the station. . It comprised twenty- carriages, and was drawn by two engines. Every carriage was packed; where sitting room was not available, the people stood in the.passage between the seats. The surging and pushing of the crowd nearly ended in several casualties. Constable O'Grady did his utmost to keep order, bnt, as may be imagined, tha efforts of a single man were but of little avail in such a scene of turmoil. The following are the number of travellers who left Ballarat for Melbourne and up-oountryTo-Melbourne, 1212; to Casllemaina and Maryborough, 795; to Portland, 437. 