SPARKWATEERS Y .-Inl. UENhIY WOOD, AUTHOR OF " NAST TYNN5R' AND OTIHER TALES.. CHAPTER XIX. Tni rtrial was just over, and the suffoea ting court began to empty itself.- What with the intense heat of the weather, the crowded arena, and the close, taim.ted at mosphere, even the calm judges themselves thought they should never be cool again. The judges had retired quickly from the scene, the oldest and gravest of them with the tears yet wet upon his cheeks, "or he had been moved to no ordinary emotion while passing the awful sentence of death upon the young and lovely woman who stood in the dock before him. It was no common case which had brought the pub lic together that day, and the prisoner's was no common, crime. Sure, never had a darK deed been committed involving so great an interest, or whose attendant cir cumstances comprised so mysterious a field: of romance. What had been the previous career of the lady (let us call her so : Ishe held that position when arrested), people could not exactly learn. Some told. one tale, and some another : in these unhappy cases, the most outrageous stories.get.pro mulgated. All they knew- for certain was, that she was noi' found guilty of the Sgreat crime for which she had-been tried, and was condemned to death., Not a single word was said of recommending her to mercy. The jury had considered that there were no extenuating circumstances.. Poor Sophia Lyvett! Could Mrs. Cooke's theory have been the truth-that she had not been herself when she commit-. ted the fatal act? One would indeed think so. Oh, unhappy, mistaken criminals i When you do these things in the silence and secrecy of the dark night, and think there is no eye upon you, that in., this would, at least; you are safe from detection you forget that. there is one eye, above, which never slumbers or sleeps; that the ways of the avenging angel are not as your poor, narrow-sighted., ways. and that what you deemed was a- secret between you and the darkness shall speedily be pro, claimed upon the house-tops I So it was here. This one was arrested, committed, and had this day taken her trial; been found guilty, and condemned to' 'death. Never was guilt more conclusively brought. home to man or woman. The deceit she had practised upon him who was now her husband, Frederick Lyvett, also came in .for its share of opprobrium. Not one, no not one, had been found to pity or excuse S-her, in spite of her youth and beauty. The learned jndge had said, in passing sentence, that never had he tried a woman Whose crime, as it seemed to him, was of a deeper dye, or upon whom punishment :would be more justly inflicted; and he ad jured her-and it was here his feelings gave way-to give her mind wholly to re pentenance and prepare for death, for that no mercy whatever would be accorded her in this world. The unfortunate creature was hissed by the idlers outside when she was removed from the court, as she had been hissed at her appearance there, and people gloried in saying to each other that they would gladly walk ten miles to see her hanged. Public indigation spoke out loud •ly against the miserable Sophia Lyvett. A small knot of men stood talking to gether, ere they left the court, some ef them in barristers' gowns. The counsel engaged in the case had hastened away, but others lingered. Amid them stood young Mr. Jones the lawyer, junior partner in the eminent firm of Lyvett, Castlerosse, and Lyvett. M[r. Jones was a lion that day. "Of conrse," observed" Mr. Jones, who was uncommonly fond of the sound of his own tongue,." there was no hope from the first that she would get off; but it will be an awkwar l-staiin, mind you, to have cling ing to the family. James Lyvett-it's true he is the very incarnation of pride will.never hold up his head again?' : "It's bad enough for him, but what must it be' for Fred himself?" quoth a grave queen's counsel, who was-intimate with the Lyvetts. "Poor fellow !'" responded Mr. Jones "He has never held up his head since she was taken." "Is he disenchanted yet, Jones?" de manded Mr. iunn, a very young man in a wig, who had begun life in~the .office of Ly . vett, side by side with Mr Jones, but had afterwards gone to the bar. "I should think so. 'It was an awfuL piece of duplicity to palm off upon hini'" "' The marriage, you mean." Mr. Jones nodded. "Fred did play the fool richly, tlhere's no denvir?. it." " Every man does, when he males a low woman his wife," observed the silk gown. " And Fred has the pleasant consulation of knowing that he plunged into it of his own accord," returned Mr. Jones. " Mr. Lyvett said the other day, that he must be -what was it !-a martyr to remorse, or some such poetical sentence. They said all they possibly could to him, Mr. Lyvett and James, and his mother too,'I believe; to dissuade him off the girl, and the more they said, the more obstinately Fred was bent on marrying her. They told him she would bring on him a life's disgrace; and she has brought it." "But they could not have known about the-the antecedents?" cried Mr. DIunn. " What a dolt you are, Dunn ?" was Mr. Jones's answer; its complimentary tone being accounted for by the fact that he and the gentleman had remained close friends. "?If they had anything of them, they would have locked Fred up in a lunatic asylum tirst, and Fred himself would have gone to one, rather than have done it. Fred's not deficient in honour; only in brains." " There's many aone with less brains than Frederick Lyvett who contrives to make a show in the world," remarked the queen's counsel, significantly.- of "You know old Castlerosse, most of you," resumed Mr.. Jones; "know how 'hot-headed he is ?" A general nod from the hearers. " Well old Castlerosse, by the strangest accident, happened to be down at the coun try place where Fred went to get married. Fred thought he should do the job all quietly, in an out-of-the-way, rustic parish and. nobody be any the wiser. The cere mony was on, and the parson had come to the interesting sentence, ' Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife,' when old Castlerosse startled forward, like the ghost in the play, and forbid the'marriage. Charley Castlerosse says he wished himself upiin heaven just then." " Charley Castlerosse ?" " He was down tllerd acting bride? groom and) No-what do you call it?-? groomsman. Charley told me he knew its was all up with him the moment he heard his uncle's voice And so it has proved; for old Costlerosse won't do thd :ldast earthly thing for' him since, and the fact has got about; and Charley, poor fellow, dare : not walk through Middlesex, for fear of the writs. But I was going to.tell you. Old Castlerosse, in his rage, nearly lifted: the church roof off with noise; and finding that did not do, he calmed down. ,ea= treaty, and did all ill biit gd ipiostrate, on his knees to ibred, praying him to stop th'e marrige,; or least to delay it till Mr:. Lyvett's appearance, who was speeding down on the telegraph wires. It -was: of no use. Fred was like a mule in his ob stinacy, and. would hear no reason. He' ordered the parson to proceed" aiid :the parson, finding the paper's were in order' and both of them of age, had po' plea for: refusing. So Fred and the girl were made' one, -old Castlerosse protesting against it, and telling him he was entering on perdi tion." " Perdition :it has 'turned out,. and no mistake," said Mr, Dunn.: "There can on. ly be one thing worse' than having your wife hung, and that's your mother. I: wonder Fred Lyvett does not hang himself, and get out of it all." "Fred's going on the Continent, there to hide his diminished head," said Mr.. Jones. `- He was only waiting the result of the trial. Had it "been an acquittal " It never could have:beeu an acquittal, interupted Serjeant Wrangle. " The proofs were too clear'." ' " Well, but there's an ' if' in all cases, and the law deals in flaws and miracles," persisted Mlr. Jones' " Had an acquittal been pronounced, Fred would have stopped in England. until he had rid himself of her by a legal process. If he could 'rid himse/f that is; my opinion's against it. When you marry a woman you marry her with all her antecedents, you see : it is a diffe rent thing from anything that may happen afterwards. However, the law will relieve him of her by a more summary act, and Fred starts directly. Fred's travels were finally decided upon in a family conclave, which Mr. James refused to attend. He is awfnlly incensed against him is James." "How does he mean to live?" " He has an income, and the family will make it more. So he means to vegetate in Poland, or Liberia, or Hungary ; any where that the English don't congregate, and there expiate his follies." "Will he never come back ?" " Oh, sometime, I suppose, when the re membrance of the affair has died out' of men's minds." " Well, it is a terrible calamity to'liave fallen on him," remarked the grave Q.C. " I always liked Fred Lyvett." "I say, Jones," cried Mr. Dunn, watching the departure of the elder and higher men of the profession, "did. you not know Miss May once ? I never saw. her that I remember." " Oh, she was only a child when you were there, Dunn. Yes, I know her." ". And went in for some spooning, didn't you ?" " No. " i:I iniglit have gone in for some but she cure mo 'of the inclination before hand." , i o "' How did she cure :you ? . " Threw a lot of poison over.me. '"Poison" " f liit the shape of a base of coffee-grounds. It ruined my waistcoat. And all because 'Ijust spoke a civil word to lher: ' How are you, Miss?' or something of the kind. That's what she did, Dunn.'. "'By Jove i a nice yonug lady ! I should think'Fred Lyvett Will put on mourning for.her I By the way, Jones, is there any truth in the report that she was really married before ?" "I don't know. Some people say she was. It has not been proved. Nothing <certain has come out about it."': " '":,: " I wonder if Fred Lyvett knows'? An'i now I am off, Jones. You may as well give a look in at'my chambers to-niglit." 'f All right, Dunn." 