§jkM. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. CHAPTER IXXmi.—{Continued) BX UBS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWOBTH, Author, oi Tlie Hidden ;Hand,V. The Besetted 'Wife,'.' " Self-Hade,"; Sfl., <feo. :???? /* Basijit, my clear!' Net Homing Paidus I a flying' vjait on Saturday, bringing ? oof I with her .that will:not only acquit ourI Valdimir. but will go far to convict Brandon I Coylo, if that slippery young gentlomnn should ever he caught and brought to trial." "Net Fleming I Tknow she ia'ono of the witnesses for tho defence. "Whore is she now ?" " On her way to Yockloy, 1 presume." " If she camo here on Saturday, why did she go back again, knowing that she must be here to- morrow, at farthest, for the defence 1 Waa it for the pleasure of traveli ng day and nlgntall the time in the dead ot Winter 1" Lord Baaudevere laughed, bat immediately remembered himself and grew very grave, as he replied i " No, for no eccentric enjoyment of that sort, Sho went back to spend as much time aa peselble with her cousin, Antolnottel Deloralne, who, you know, la hopelessly ill" I "But she wrote ua that Antoinette was better," began Vivienne, and stopped short being arrested by the looks of Arielle, whose face had suddenly turned as white .as marble. ? "What ia the matter,' my dear girl ? This certainly is no ahepk ,to you 1 You were well aware of Miss Daloralne's condition," aald , Lord Baaudevere, while Miss Desparde gazed at her friend in speechless astonishment. "It—l—something that happened early this morning," answered Arielle, in a hesitat ing tone. , ?"Something that. happened this mom-j lag ?'" Inquired Lord Baaudevere. " Yes—quite early, this Monday mornipgi" ' stammered Arielle, "Nothing happened this morning," lm pnlaively exclaimed Vivienne. " Yon—were—not up. You were—per haps—not awake,'' faltered Arielle. *' What was in, my love t" inquired Lord Beaudevere, growing uneasy. "I — X— cannot? tell yon," answered Arielle, , Then, to change tho subject, she abruptly inquired: ' r When do you ezpect Net f" ' . "By tho 7.80 o.m. train. I told them to come here, as 1 knew that thoy would not find rooms at any of the hotels in the heart of the tflwn." **, '? Thorn I* * they!'—whom do yen- mean, BsaueP' Who is coming with Net?" in quiried Vivienne. . * " Her husband," replied the baron. "Oh!" exclaimed Vivienne- ' ? "He has returned, then," commented Arielle. And as neither of these young la dies had been aware of any estrangement between tho young married pair, they expressed no surprise at the apparent reconciliation. *' But, Arielle, what woe it that happened this morning to disturb you ? What oould have happened without my knowledge t" inquired Viviene, returning to the previous question. " I—it was something I caw a little after coven o'clock this, morning," faltered the girl. "But?/ta.?" " I cannot tell yon. Yoa would only laugh at mc. I env tired. , I am going to- bed. Will yoa excuse mc? Goad-night, Lord Beandevere,",said Arielle, rising -and passing through the door between tho parlour and the bed- chamber that was jointly oconpied by herself and her companion. " What ia it ? - What do yon suppose she Baw?" inquired Lord Beaudevere. Vivienne smiled and shook her head. "Yon have no idea?" "None. She looked white and startled when' I 'first saw hor at onr early, break. fut, but, in answer to .my questions, ehe persisted tbat there wai'nothing the matter; so I ceased to oateonise her, and- attributed her agitation to anxiety in regard to the trial and excitement about her jonrney. Bean, I think I will follow her example and bid yon good- night," said Viyinnne, rising. ' The. baron arose with his old-fashioned politeness, and opened the door for her, and ehe passed in to join Arielle. The latter bad not yet retired;' bnt as soon v Vivienne entered, arose Ant) rang the IbeU. A waiter Boon answered the call. " X expect a lady friend by the-early train to-morrow morning—Mrs. Adrian Fleming. As soon v she arrives I wUb yon to send someone, or to come yourself, to knock at onr dcor and wake ns np. Do yon hear ?" " Yes, my lady." " And mind yon do not forget it ?" "No, my Jady, Any more orders, my lady?" „ " Not any. Yon may go,"- eaid Lady Arielle. She waiter bowedfhhnsolt out. "I went Net Fleming as soon as ever sho arrives, qbe mast teko off htr wraps htrc, if she should bo in a hurry, fox I wiat, I must, I must know about Antoinette Deloraina as , soon ss passible," said Arielle, in feverish excitement. " Yon had bettor go to bed,'my dear," Wiu iVivieune'e sago advice. Arielle oonolnded to follow it. Having no lady's-maid with them, they helped caeli other to undress, and,they were joon'lying side by aide, eonrting sleep that (or a long time refused to close their sense* in oblivion. From uceasy'slnmbers they were awakened in the'morning by a load rapping at their door. , Vivienne started oat of bea, throw pn.a :drosslng-gown, throat her feet into alippejrs, itniS opecetUhe door. The waiter to whom Lady Arielle had given orders on the night previous stood there, bobbing and touching hia forehead. "Well.what is wanted?" inquired Vivi enne, half asleep. " If you please, ma'am, my lady directed mc to rap and let her ladyship know as Boon ,as Mr*. Flaming arrived," said the man. " Has Hat. Fleming come, then 1" inquired Vivinnno, lobbing her eyes. " Yea.snu'am, please " . " Then show her np here at ones." 1 "Yes, ma'am," replied the man, with another bob, aa ha left the door. ,Jwmefliotsly after him eaae the chamher moid with coal and kindlings to replenish too smouldering fire in tbo grate. Injthomoentime Vivienne turned to Arielle, who was slowly waking np. "Net baa oome, dear," she,whispered, bending he r lips down to Ariello'a eari "?lknow it. I heard the man tell yon, Vivisnnu!" cxoTaimed the young lady, looking np at her friend. "Yes, dear, what ia it?" " I want yon to go into tha dressing-room and dreaa fitat. I want to meet* Net alono. Will you mind ?" " Not; a bit, Arielle I I will gonpw.'f Beid" Vivienne, gathering up bar clothes and leaving thu bed-obamber. "There— that will do, my good girl. The flro ia well.enough. Yon may go now,*' said Lady Arielle, upeBfcing,to the,cuatnberinaid. Tha young woman gathered op her coat hod, hearth-brash, and other belongings, and went out, passing aa.that lady, entered. "Ob, Net! Oh, Nat! Come here!" ex o)aimed Arielle, rising in ,the bed and hold ing aniher arms. " Bat I am all over railway dast. I shall turn your white, gown black," smiled tbo traveller, as she approached. " Never mind I Never mind 1 I want to, "Sng yon,-oomo 1" exclaimed .Arielle, im patiently, extending her hands. " How are the ohildren ?" inquired Net, when the embrace was given and returned. " Oh 1 they were well, and happy when I left them at the castle yesterday morning. But, oh! Net, are you not halt dead with yonr night journey ?" " No, indeed; we had a compartment to ourselves, nnd I slept on the sofa all night. I feel qulta fresh this, morning, bnt for the railway'dast," cheerfully replied the young traveller. „ " And yon never eonld endnre the least dnst 1 Yon dainty Net! But that oan soon be remedied. There ia a bath-room at yonr servioe as soon as Vivienne cornea ont of it." ?* Vivienne 1 Sho here I" cried Net. " Of course. She came with mc. - We could not etay at Miston while this trial is going on here. They tell mc you oan give evidence that will be sure to acquit and vindicate Valdimlr." "Yea; loan." " And cow," aaid Arielle, dropping her voice and changing her whole manner to one of mystery—" when did you leave Deloraine Park*" "Yesterday morning, a few minutes after seven," answered Nut. " How did yon leave Antoinette 7" "-Very much better." " When did you see htr last 7" " A few minutes after seven. She sent for mc while I was dretiing to oome to he; room. Aa soon as I had taken a very hut; breakfast I went. She said she sent for mc became she wanted mc to see how muoh better she was that morning, ao that I could go away in good spirits," " And that was the lasb yon caw ot her?" " Nob quite, I took leave of her theni and she turned her faoe to the wall and said ?he wanted to go to sleep. I went down stairs to tho carriage that was waiting for mc, bnt Mr. Fleming had not come down, and I mlaaad my hand-bag, and remembering : that I had left it in:. Antoinette's room, I went book, after it and found it on the table. I took it up, and thought I- would have another look, perhaps another word with my cousin. So I went to the bed; but she wai lying quite ?till, and tyhen I bent down to look at he. - more closely she, seemed fait ealeep. So I crept ant of the roam for fear ot waking her. and started on my journey." " And aho was really better when you left her yesterday morning 7" " Very mush bettor." " Thank Heaven I" fervently exclaimed Arielle. " But why do yonaak all theso partionlara ia Buoh an anxiona manner P" inquired Not. " Oh l I—l thought—l feared that some thing had happened to her—that aho was gone, ia fact I" muttered Arielle, relapsing into her mysterious manner, " But why should you have feared that I" inquired Net, in soma surprise. ?' Oh, my,dear, I had aooh a strange ex perience yesterday, morning," whiapered Arielle, fixing her eyoa dilated with awo upon tho face of her friend. ??' Experience!' Whatsortof experionceP" inquired Net. . , ? oh—it was—a- dream—a vision—or I know not what. It terrifiod mo beyond, meaanro. If .ithad not boon morning, and if, my maid.had not come into tho room, I should have jumped out of hod nnd rushed in upon Vivienne aa I onoe ruehed ia upon yon,- when I was frightened by tho appari tion of. Kit Ken. You know I did see Kit Ken atmy bedaidoat midnight—at tho very hour, as it was afterwards shown, that poor Kit had boen mvrderod in the railway carriage. You remember?" Net nodded in a non-committal sort of way. ? Nat had never seen an apparition, and did not believe in them. No amount Of direct testimony or circumstantial ovi denoo oonld have njftda that eminently practical little woman belio Te in super natural apparitions. " Yon do remember.my seemS the spirit of Kit Ken, do you not I The very hour of her death, too r" >, ??I remember the incident," said Net. ?< Well, tbun," eontinned Arielle, dropping her voice and dilating her great blue eyes, " liston to mc : Yesterday morning, at seven o'olook, I woko np without any one calling mc. .1 knew it was seven because I heard the clock Strike. It wa* dark at tbat hour, and there was no light jn my room except from the wax taper an the mantelpiece and the smoulder ing sea-coal fire in tho grate. It was too early to rise, and I lay there, waiting for my maid, whom I had directod to call mc at half past seven, aa that I could be ready to lcavo tho caetlo for tho Miaton Station at nine. Not, I olosod mv eyea and tried" to sleep again; bnt while I was lying quito still, witb my eyes shut, ? pale, oval-shaped light appeared beforo me,?nd as I looked at it, or, rather, contemplated it through my closed , eyelids, il grew brighter, until io th* midst of it stood a form, from which, I perceived, radiated all the light tbat lit np the oval name or buck-ground. .The-feature* came bnt distinatly, and I rooognised -Antoinette peloraine. I did not scream. I oouM not scream, or move. Her eyes held mine—? though mine were closed—her eyes hold mine, I cay, and aalmed mc to a perfect quiescence. She smiled, and mutmnredlow— ob,*a low that I do not know now whether I really Tvtard her voice or only perdelTedher thought t. "Bnt she said: " * Tell dear Net I am well now,' . ," And the form vanished, and the light faded. With the return ot my normal con dition earns a terrible fright. I should have sprang ont ot bed and roused the house perhaps, if just then tho door had not .opened, and liaay had not entored. With the presenaa of another human being I recovered my self-oontrol. Bat I fell per saaded that something had happened to Antoinette," said Arielle, shuddering. "And now you soa that-nothing has happened to b,pr, notwithstanding -year dream," said Nat, cheerfully. - " No, thank Heaven 1" replied Arielle," " At the very hour you dreatged of seeing her spirit she was eaimty sleeping on her bed in ber chamber at Deloxaine Park, and I left bet so—" Net was interrupted] by a knook at the door. She herself went and. opened it. " A telegram for Mrs. Fleming," said the voice ot the waiter. " When did this come 7" inqnired Net. "Yesterday alternoon, ma'am. It has been waiting in the office for you ever since," replied tho waiter. Net oloiod the door and opened the tele gram. Than she" dropped down upon the nearest obair, with a faoe hlanohed to marble. The telegram wa? as follows: Deixmuise Pabk, Docombortho—, 12 o'clock, w. Dn. Beds (o Mas. Annua Frajtmo, Whites Hear Inn, Yooklciy, Cumberland;—Mies Deloraina died, at 7.1.1 a.m. "What ia, it ? A telegram, did' 'ho say ? Poes it, relate to the witnesses for the trial ?" inquired Ariello, stepping out of bed to join her friend. "Why, "Net, you aro as while as a ghost I What ia it f" "It ia—a telegram, from—Antoinette's medical attendant—Pr, Bede- She, is— there has been—a ohnngo," stammered Net, with quivering lips and brimming eyes. " Antoinette has gone I Sho hfta changed this world for the next It was her spirit I saw I" exolaimed Arielle, in an tvtvo-strnck tone, but with a most positive manner. Neb could not contradict her. "You will not go back this morningP" eaid Arielle. " No, it would bo of no nso to her for mc to go, since sho is gone; even if I were at liberty to do ao, -whioh lam nob. I am subpamaed ac a witness on this trial, you know," gently replied Not. " Yes, anel your evidence is of vital importance to Valdimir.'" _" But, of course, I must rotqrn to Delor aina Park just as soon as I am free to do J soy." replied "Net, struggling hardi to keep \ hack tho tears thnt sprang to her eyes* £*!ha had eeenso much ol daath in her short life—htr father, her mother, her step father, her friends and relatives had dropped ftut around h?r. truth, Net needed all her Oiujatlaru faith to support he: spirit—? needed every day to pray tor faith and hope to eustain her wounded and suffering love. At tbia moment Vivienne came out of the bath-room, drained for the day. She greeted Nob with a kies, ascribed her pale faoe to tho < fatigue of her night's journey, and inquired how she had left An toinette. Then thoy told her'the truth.. . Vivlenne'Was deeply shocked and grieved, thoughi Indeed, ehe bad been for soma days past expaoting to hear tho sad news whioh hod juttreachnd them. Tho clock atruok nine and warned the three young women that they must make them selves ready to attend tho court, which was to meet within an hour. Net Flaming withdraw to the room engaged for herself, to make her olaan toilet for the breakfast-table and later for the witness-stand. Vivienno went into the parlour to' communicate the news of Antoinette's death tolierd Beaudevere. ' Halt an hour later they ell met around the board in li?dy Ariello'a private sitting-room, where the Flemings had bean invited to join their friends at their morning meal. " I am very glad yon have come, Fleming," said, the baron, cheerfully ; "for I was rather embarrassed with the presence of these two young ladles. Not expecting to find them 'here, I bad promised Valdimir to go with him to the court, and but for your timaly,; arrival I should have had to disappoint him, , and I should not like to have done that, I , assure yon. Now, however, you oan take charge oi these girls and leave mc to attend my kinsman." "Ishall bo moat happy to be useful," replied Mr. Fleming, with a grave bow, for he was still very much affected by the news of Antoinette Daloraine'a departure. " You will have to get a second carriage and, mind, drive to the Orchard-street entrance, were I will take you all up through the sheriff's office to seats near the bench," concluded the baron, as they arose from' the tablo. The young ladiea retired to put en their bonnets and the gentlemen W?nt down to sco to the carriages, that they might be well aired and comfortable—for the day was a taw, damp, cold one. ' A fow minute 3 lator two carriages wero drawn np before tho door. Beauo, with courtly grace, put tho three young ladies in one of thorn, and, turning, said to Mr. Fleming: "Youhad better drive nt once to tho Guild Hall. Enter by the Orchard-street gate, as I advised you, and wait at the rear door untill coma np. J havo to go first to tho prison; hut it is not far„iindXsboll not be moro than ten or fifteen minutes behind you.'' Fleming bowed, entered the carriage, and seated himself beside Net. Tho baron entered tho second carriage. And then both vehicles\dro7o out of the inn yard and separated, tho ono taking its way to tho prison, the other to the court houso. The distance to tho prison was very short. Lord Boaudavoro found hia kinsman and the sheriff already down in the hall on tho ground floor, waiting for him. Immediately after tho morning saiuhv' tiona they all three entered the carriage to drive to the. Guild Hall. As thoy went on, tho baron delighted his young kinsman with tho nows that bis sister and hia betrothed hod arrived in town. CHAPTER LXXIX. thb vEnnior.. Tnr. . carriage containing Lady Arielle Moaijoio, Mr. and Mrs. Fleming, and Miss Doaparde was. tbe first to reach the hall. Tbey entered by the Orobard-streot gate, drove into tho,rear yard and drew np before the back entrance, where thoy .waited for aboat ton minutes, before the other carriages bringing Lord Boendevero, Mr. Derparde, and tha eheiiff arrived. . Then Lord Beandevere whispered to hia kinsman: " Valdimir, yon had better not stop to speak to the girls at present. ? To do so wonld only upset them and perhaps yourself. Get out and no in with Mr. Temple, and I will see to them." . > " I think you aro right," answored Mr. Desparde, as, at a signal from tlie sheriff, he aligtitod and followed that officer into the court-house. \- Lord Beandevere got.out and went to the other carriage, and assisted the young ladies to descend. - "Where is Valdimir f Why did ho not speak to ua ?" demanded -Vivienne, glanoiog around in all directions In search ot her brother. " Ho has gone np into court,'Vivienne, 'It 'was not well that he ahould'have stopped-to apeak to you now. < Yon will see him with moro i salistaotion attar the eonrt shall'have adjourned this afternoon.'. Wait patiently for ' thit.my dears," said, the baron, addressing equally, his. young oonsin Vivienne and his youthful ward, -Lady- Arielle Montjoio, who was also an interested listener. ' Then he gave-his-aim. to the'last-nun' tioned lady and-led her into iho hall, fol lowed by the other members of his party. They went up-ataira, through the sheriffs office and thenoe into tha ? court- room by the rear door that opened on tho loft of tho bench. Tho court-room woe, if possible,' oven morocrowdod than it had been on the preceding day, the 'first of tho trial. The three > ladies were accommodated with seats near tbo table-at whioh eat Valdimir Desparde and hia counsel, nnd the two gentlemen had standing room in their proximity.' ? Before them,'hut a littlo to tho right, waa tho. beoah of judges—.tho presiding judge—Chief Baron. Bolair, and two asso* oiato judges, one on each side. < Below the bench, at a long table, or desk, railed off as the top, sat tho olwks of the court, the clerk of. arralgn?, the counsel for the crown, and somo other offiolals, On a long- beuoh. below these, and facing tho judges, sat the witnessea called to the trial. On the extreme left was the jury-box, containing tho " twelve (rood men and trne" 'who wore tho arbiters of fato. Below, filling l Up all the spaoa to the doors, won the ororrd of spectators—a aea> of heads. Mr. Stair, the senior counsel for the prisoner, was already on his- feet, opening the case for the defence. Ho was a tall, fair-haired man ot middle age and intellectual eountenancs. He began by giving a alight sketch of his client, whom be said was well known to most peraons present, and well beloved and esteemed by Sail t who knew bim. He spoke of Valdimir Daspardo'? inherited nobility of character, no leas than of race and of rank, 'and ot the absurdity ot associating the idoa of crime with him. ' Ho then told the etory of Valdimir Deipardo's movements from the moasat'of his landing at Southampton on (hat fatal day jof .December to the moment ot his arroat at' ,MUton, and proposed to acotiunt for eyery instant ot hia tjimo during that interval, and to prove by a host of competent witnesses that it was uttorly Impossible for him to have been the murderer of Cbrlstelie Ken, or to have been anywhere near the acpne of the murder at the time of its perpetration. He next told the story of (he murder as he held and proposed to prove, that it had occurred, and to snpport this theory be pslled— "Mrs. Antoinette Fleming." Net came forward nnd took the stand; and being duly sworn, she testified that the ! deceased, Ohritttelle Ken, had been well known to her for several years. And then, in! answer, to the question* of tu?couowl,?he gave a-full and particular history of poor Kit's acquaintance with "Brandon Coyle and the oiroumatancea that led her to the suspicion that Kit had'been abducted or persuaded away by him; ond> then was offered the posthumous letter bf poor Ktt In evidence. It was read and it made a very great impression on all who heard it; Then was offered the letter of Hrs. Perkins, which was- also read with scarcely leae.-efiaet. Net was. but lightly cross-examined by the counsel for the crown. " Havo you over suen-the prisoner at the bar In company with the deceased ?" " Naver," anewerediNot. " Have you any reason to believe that he hod been intimate with her?" " None whatever I I do not think Mr. Dssporde even knew the girl Kit Ken, either by name or by sight." " Had the deoeased other followers r" " None whatever; not one, except Brandon Coyle." The direct examination was then resumed, and Net told of Kit's former letter submitted to her by Lady Arielle MomJole, and of the ueene at the reading of tho late Earl of Altofalre'a wilL She was then allowed to retire, aud the next witness was called. " Mrs. Martha Carry." This woe the housekeeper at Castlo Montjoio—a littlo, dark'-Bkinned, blook eyod woman of about fifty years of age. Sho corroborated the testimony of the last witness in regard to tbe scene in the .dining-room at Castlo Montjoio on tho reading of tho late oarl'e will. Sho also ' described the rage of Coyle. and hia threats of vengeance against Kit Ken. This eceno ooourred, she eaid, on tho — of Docombet-— i the day beforo tho murder. 1 Tobias Curry, husband ot tho last wit ness, , and batlcr at Castlo Honjoio, cor roborated the testimony of hia wifo. "Mrs. .Prudence Perkins" waa next called. This woman, it will be remembered, Was the landlady of the lodging-house in Church Lane, Chelsea, Sho waa shown the photographs of I Brandon Coyle and Kit Ken, and she i identified them aa portraits of her two lodgers, whom she hod known as Mr. and Mrs. Coy 10. She gave a narrative of their arrival and sojourn at hor house, and of their de parture on the afternoon of the — day of December, preceding the night of the murder. On being shown the letter purporting- to have boen written by herself to Mrs. Fleming, she idantifled'it aa her own. She identified the enclosed letter aa the one entrusted to her by poor Kil to be sent to Mrs. Fleming in the event already men tioned. She also testified to the suspicion and anxiety that troubled the poor girl lest her " husband" should do her a mischief on the journey, though her fears pointed rather to being l betrayed into a private mad-home than 1 to murder. Mrs. Perkins' testimony suffered nothing in tho cross-examination that followed. " Mary Mossop I" The maid-of-all- work at tho Church Lane lodging-house took the stand, corroborated the last witness's testimony, and identified tho photographs aa likcuceboa of hor mistress's lodgers, Mr. and Mrs. Coyle. " John Nott!" Tho cabman ? from Chelsea took' the stand and testified to having driven Mr. and Mrs. Coyle from Church, Lane to Poddlngton Station on the afternoon of tho — day of December, end to having been present when Mr. Coyle engaged .tho middle compartment of carriage 2, B, on the London and North western train for himself and hia wife' and to having seen them both got into it jast before tho train started. ' ... * Being; shown the' two photographs, ho Idontifled them aa the portraits of the parties' he had, on tho. afternoon of the — day of Deoombor, taken from QhuroU Lane to Pad dington and seen enter tho reserved compart ment in carriage 2, B, nnd who woro known to him as Mr. and Mrs. Coyle, < ? He was slightly crosa-ttxamtaad ,wilhont efluot, and.than permitted to withdraw. " Charles Smithers l"" This witness was the ticket agant at Pad dington. He swore to having been on dntyat the window at the Paddingion Station on the — ot December, and to having sold tickets for a reserved oompartment in railway carriage 2\. B, on the London and North-western rail way train that left the station at four p.m. " Witness, look at the prisoner at the bar," . said the senior counsel for the defence. ', Smithers, turned and; stared at Mr, Des parde, who smiled in his face. ' " Was tbe prisoner at the bar the party to whom you sold the reserved compartment 7" " No, sir; ho was not. I never saw the prisoner before in my life," replied Smithers. " Very well. NoW look at these photo-1 graphs. Did yon ever see tbo originals of tlam before ?" inquired - Counsellor Stair, passing the cards of Coyle and Kil Ken to tbe man, who took and looked at ihematten tiyelv, and then replied: , " Yes, sir. Thess aro tho likeuesaea of. the .man and woman who took the reserved com partment of carriage 2, B, on the London \- and North- wostern Railroad on tho of tornoon of that — day of Decembor." Tho witness woe moro olosely questioned, but his testimony only established beyond all doubt that it was Brandon Coylo, and not Valdimir Desparde, who engaged tho ro aoryed oompartmout on tho train in whioh 'his companion was afterwards a fow hours latoc found murdered. " John Grotterex 1" A portly, red-faced man of about forty years of afro took tha stand, and testified to knowing Mr. Brandon Coylo by. sight and by name, and to having aeon him leave the middle compartment of railway carriage, 2, B, at midnight, Deoombor tho —~afc ,tho 'Grand Junction Station, and having seen him got upon tho train for Southampton. " John Kent 1" was next called. This witness testified that ho know Mr. Brandon Coylo, and that ha travelled with him from the Grand Junotion to South ampton on tho early morninir of Docomber tho —, and afterwards saw him orabark oa a Bteamer—tho Montana —for Now York. " Michael M'Dennott 1" , A rnddy-faced, younsr, Irish gentloman took the stand and testified to having ridden in tho came oarriago with Mr, Valdimir Desparde from Southampton to Peter borough on the—day of December, instant. " Alexander M'Quilligan 1" ' A tall, gaunt,' sangume-hued and red haired Scotchman, took the etand and testified to having ridden in the came carriage with the prisoner at the bar, on the train from Peterborough to tho Grand Junotion, where ho got off, on tho night of December—. Tbie was tho last witness examined for the dofence. There was no rebuttingj testimony intro duced. Mr. Turner reviewed the evidence and' olaimod that tha defence had disproved all the oharges of the crown and had proved tho innocenco of their oliont. Tha Lord, Chief Baron Betair summed up very brltfly, saying that so oloar n caao needed no elucidation front him, and that ho could safely leavo.it as the testimony left it—in tho hands o£ on intelligent and impartial jury. The jury consulted in their box, and, -without leaving tho court-room, returned a verdiot of— ! "NosGnn/nrl" This vordict was reooivod with acclama tions. Friends and acquaintances come around tho vindicated man with warm congratula tions. Tho crowd in tho court-room raised a ehaut that seomed to throaten to lift tho foof,' Tho news reread outside, and the hurrahs of the assembled multitude rout tho air. Tho officers of the oourt.did not attempt to preserve order on this occasion. Tho judgos camo down from tho bonoh and shook hands with Mr. Dcapardo anel hia immodiato friends. So also did the queen's counsel, Parkor, and his assistants. And through all this tho shouts and hurrahs bf the people rose to heaven. Novor in this world was there a more triumphant vindication. OHAPTBB LXXX. VIOTOBT. ' When the judges and the offiaers of.the . ;lsw bad withdrawn, and the huazas of tho crowd, ioilde and outside the oourt-house, had subsided, Valdimir .Dasparde and his | frtenda retired- through the . aherlfl's room \ -and down the rear emirs, to tbe Q. chard - Btreet entrance, where the two carriages awaited them. During the exoltemant in the court-room he found no opportunity of approaching hia betrothed or her companions, though ho waa must impatient to do ao. Lord Beandevere then whispered, to. him t ' "I will Uke Arielle down.atairaand put , her In the carriage. Yon can join her there, I and no one else shall intrude upon you. I will go with Vivienne and the Flemlnga in the ether carriage." ' Valdimir pressed his hand in silent acquiescence, and then the. baron led Lady Arielle' out of the still dantely- crowd'ed court-room and down-atairs to the back entrance, and put her Into one of tho carriages, whispering, as ho closed the door i " Valdimir will join you here jta a very few moments." And almost as he spoke Valdimir Desparde came up. Lord Beaadovero, with a smile, gave way, and tbe young man entered tbe carriage ond seated himself boiide his betrothed. Lord Beandevere gave tbe coachman hia orders to drive to the White Bear Inn, and then wont toioin the other members of his party who wne seated in the other vehicle. Both carriages started, that of tho young lovers taking tbe precedence. As soon as,tbo betrothed pair fonnd them selves alone' together, Valdimir lifted' the hand of Arielle and pressed it warmly to his lips and to hia heart. Tears of joy stood in bis eyes. Neither could apoak, bnt their alienee was more eloquent than any words oonld havo been. As the carriage rolled ont of, tho Orchard , street gate loud huzzas greeted' it. By soma unaeoauutable nicans the crowd ont?ido the bniiding had beoome acquainted with the fact that the acquitted and vindi cated man would leavo Guild Hall by the Orohnrd-straot egrosa, and had surged around to tbat point to meet and cheer him. "Threo cheers for Mr. Valdimir Des parde 1" called oat a single voice. And in response a.chorus of a thousand voices sent' np a hnaza waa enough to have cleared tbe heavens of the.overuanging olouds, " Now then 1 Three times three for ,M>. ,Valdimir Desparde I" cried the s*mo voice aa soon as silence supervened, and again the, ,ohtirae sent np a shout that thundered over the town and was echoed and re-echoed (mm the surrouadlag bill*, A second time the shout arose and , .reverberated through town and oountry, A third ttm*. also, and then tha storm of | joy aud.cengrttnlatlonaauhsldedinto sllense. All'this time the carriages, bad been at a atandstlU, stopped by the orowd—the fore most carriamjcootalnlng Valdimir and Arielle just onteWa of the gate; the hindmost, Dasparde, and the Flemings, jpat within the gate. Now Mr. Desparde looked out of the win? dow, bowed apd.thaqkad the people for thalr hearty sympathy, and then tha crowd parted in the middle and felt back to the right and Lsfti making way tor the carriages to pass. The fint,carriage, whsra the re-nnited lovers now sat with elaapad bands, saying bnt little to each other, feeling Wo deeply, profoundly happy tor apeecb, passed rapidly on towards It* destination. Toe second carriage being more heavily laden, progressed more slowly; bnt tba inmates scarcely talked more than did the lovers. They were wearlod with excitement, and, if the truth must bo told,aim with fasting. They bad not broken their fast since the. earl; morning, and now ifc.waa near night. Vlvlsnno waa th* first to spaak. " B'aua!" ?he exclaimed, "do yon know that brother of mine baa not spoken to mc j alnoe l ha verdict ?" "Well, my dear, he could not! He could not haveapoken to hie betrothed if I bad not put him in tbo carriage with her. We did not want to eroata a aantltnoetal family acenn, for the tdlfioatlon of all outsider*, did we 7" ? *'I nev?r of the ontaldara," , answered Vivienne. , " I wanted to apeak to my brother.'" , " W?sll, dear, we will soon ba at tho inn, where, in the aeeluaiCn of our private apart', meets, we oan talk as much, and aa rnujh nonsense, as we please," laughed the baron " I hope they will give na dinner very soon I I waa never so near being famirhed in all my life 1 I ahull bavo more ml, intelligent lymp&thj; for (he poor than I ever bod in my life, Bsaue. I know now what the pang* of Imager are. I ahtll put balf a guinea in the poor-box where I u.ed to put only halt a crown. Can we bave dinner as soon aa we arrive, do yon think?" " I presume so, If we sre willing to put up with what tbey have got ready 7" answered tha baron. " You a hould have .ordered dinner before we left this morning, Baaua. You ara negligent You ahull never be my house steward, so yon need not ever apply for the situation." '' I won't," said tho baron. "But why did you not order a good dinner ?" demanded -Vivienne. " Batauae I did not know when the court wonld adjourn; it might at six, or it might sit till midnight, this last day of the trial. How oould I tell? But be at ease. We ahull find something to eat when wo get to the mo. Aod, Fleming, I hope you and Mrs, Fleming will dine with us," added the baron, turning to tho young couple, who were seated opposite to himself and his ward, Adrian looked at hta wife, and she read his expression and answered for both :? " We shall bo happy to do so," " When do you go baok to Deloratne Park, /ay dear I" Inquired the baron of Net. "To-morrow morning," answered tbe latter. " Wo have missed tbe last train for to-day, There is no othor stops here until tbe morning. " You go by the earliest train, Of course?" " Yes, by tbo eight a.m." " So do, we. We can then .oil travel together as. far as the Miaton Branch Junotion, wbire we must separate, of course. Ah I I am-sorry,for tbat poor,young lady —very sorry 1 though until this hour I have not had leisure to think of her, tqaoh leas to spoak of- hor. Tho wise proverb declares that ' in tbo midst of life we are in death.' It is equally true that often in the midst of joy we are in grief. We rejoice in the acquittal and tho triumph and vindication of Vuldimir, end in tho same hoar, with the same breath, grieve at the nntimply depar ture of Antoinette, taken oft in the blbom of her youth and beauty! How is it that tba quaint old poet puts it? Let'me see I It is something like this: ' When our sails Aro filled,with happiest winds, then we most need Some heaviness to ballast us,' Here wo are at inn. I don't see tbe other oarrlogo; bnt it was half a milo boforo ns, so I suppose it has arrived and Valdimir and Arlollo have gone into the bouse," said tbo boron, aa his vehicle drew np and stopped. Then he opened tha- door and gob down, and assisted tbe two young ladles to alight. It turned out aa the baron had prevised. Valdimir and Arielle had r sturaed a quarter of an hopf before, Arielle had' alroady laid off her hat and months, and, was peated pa a. short, hard, bo;Be-halr i ao|ti,,,ln tW.e<\ripur, t byherajde. : ", ,7 ".7,,-.'. ; .,'.,, !'i ";'f".'.,:r . After Severe, drew, Adrian Pjejulig's 'arta. within his own jand took, hin"... cjtit,.'ostensibly idjaop. the landlord lafie'ri.otj "fi coadl'loin7of hlelarderj.b'uji'rta'liy,to hjev'e thjt lov'ersV to tjieaia'jlyfe.for a.ltttte.w'iUo;,'for7Yfyljnn , ? /end. Nejt,had7alr?ady gijne.to, theii ?to 'i>j ofcthebr.ljats*end,oQat?. ' . \Qnly,', ff roif'n, little while oould. the ope private parlour, in the crbwdnd.Jpnbe, Mt > to tte'yo.up'i'Wvera..':. . ?',-' . \\. Very.ioatt. tbey.were. d.iatorbatj. by the ?ntranpe f ol,.tb?i; wJa/ferV'? l*y- tlMKclothfor ditratt.;..: !? :,?::??'<:? 7.77-.--7 '7 ?Wa*nrJs?, jwnt out(,th?,two; ypiwg Udjtes, NeKafld.Vienna,; o/?me laY7>-',7 7, ""then, firetrtlme sioee j,-tbe- verdict, the ,br?l*er;,,andi.alt)te?,o?'<,#nd ewbracfld, with, ?o7inq,ch, emotion that: ecarcttly an arUoulat?.iWord: oould, be' nttwedi between them, :?"??:;.;"? ?, :'?'..7-7 ?????.???? ~ VivieiHpe. presented; b?fc brother; .to: Net Fleming, whom ha had not eeea ainoe hii arrival in theicoairtry, : '?:??:??"? ?', Mutual and hearty congratulations, passed betwoen than). '?,?-, :':?-? 777 777 ?,?<,..'..,-? . Net, Mpraaae'lhofl joyln hia> irinmphal .vindication, which sheldeakred- tor be equal to a pnWlefjoration7 r -~ 7- r.VaJoi'Siaretswedithanka'andwished her mnob>}?| in bertmaKiedlife. "And to think," he,added,.in hie total ignorance of tho oireumataooes: of that marriage, "to think that Bly Bbota, Adrian Fleming, never, told moaword'about. it when we mat In NaW York, never even dropped a hiutoiitl'>7 '? 777., 77""-7-7 " Did he not, really }". inquired Vivienne, striking into the conversation. " No, he did not * really!' I .wonder why he did not!" exclaimed Valdimir. .-?> 7 "I should think you :migut guess the reason. He might hare folta delicacy in parading hia happiness, before' you, under your circumstances, Valdimir," answered his ?sister. - 7-'7";'7v..- -~.' "True, he' might' have felt so," answered Mr. Derpardo, with an BtnUe, for he had, no (treat faith in youngFloailass' delicacy p| sentiment, At.tfiia moment-the gentleman of wham they were speaking entered *he room, More congratulations followed, with, more <?r less ,sio?arity, between Messrs, Desparde and Fleming. People In society ,mnst be conventional 01 die. - * , _, . \- ," Why did yon not tell mc of vou'r good fortune when era met in N?w Yerk?" In enured Vaidunur*- , ' ?? I dld.no? think it would ba kind' to do so. * Comparison are - odaroua,' t as' -Mm. P*?UBgto?x or, acme other wlaa Amatisan woman, says," replied "Adrian, coolly. 1 "Ahl.that was the rfason, waa it? My lister told.me so, but X thought,aha was mistaken,'! Uufth<xl Valdimir.' " Jfy.Wehd," said Adrian,.tery solemnly, '?alnoe yon>nara no mother, always take . heed, to' what your slater says. If will save I yon the trouble of thinking for yourself—to , do whioh might make life a harden to yon." The entranoe ol the baron,etooat immedi ately followed by that of tha waltpr, pre vented the retort courteous that'arose'upon' the lips ot Valdimir Desparde. Dinner Was served, and six ot the haegrieib people In,the town eat down to,one of the best repaate ever laid there. And. they lingered long over it* three ooursea, and longer over tbe dessert. It waa teq-o'cleek before'ton last cloth waa drawn and tba coffee served. While tbey were sipping this fragrant beverage tb? voice of the, indefatigable and bblquitcms newsboy was- heatd under the windows yelling;, " ''Hire's jer Uveeiog Noose—full account ol tbe trial—Mutter Valable Denpatoh, and werdipk for tho 'cased, 'fire's yet—." Lard Beandevere arose and rang the bell. M Evening Noose—Great eggs-silement Oi the poplareps—Tuk the—" , A waiter entered in answer to the bell, "Go down and bring mc a paper, and sond that boy tn cry his wares in some other locality," Bitid tho baron. The man plucked bis bair and disappeared. " .Ejg- Btttid poplareai—tnk homes (tool the oarrldga and pulled it- themselves in ttiumpht I—Ere's—" . Tha newsboy's clamour suddenly ceased, and a few moments later tho waiter entered the room with tbo paper and banded it to the baron. Lord Beaudevere Rlanood at the headings; of tbe last " edition," and exalaimeel: " What an exaggeration I Why, V.ddimir, they hAve got it here that youi horses wure taken tiff and your oarrUgo wa? drawn through the streets by relays of men, followed by a multitude of citlceut. Ht! what ia thia ? Here la naws I" oonttqu.iel the barou, aa hia eyes glanced to other pirte of the piper. ""W-nat is It?" inquired Valdimir Dasparde. "I will read It," answered Lord Biau devere; and he began as (ollowa *. " THB ASBABSIK OF OBBIEIBLLB XBK." " There la not a shadow o( a doubt oq the minds Of any who heard the evidence nn the trial of Mr. Valdimir Detpard/s (whqae honour has bean vindicated amid such thudders ot apphuie aa never yet ntteudod tbe acquittal of any parson)' tbat the murderer of poor Cnrlstelle Ken waa no other than .Br'andou Coyle,' of OiveUod, Miaton, Same dark atoriea bave been afl.)a<i in regard to that gentleman, by which it appears that hotnlotdal mania may be hereditary in hia family. Au officer armed with the necoatary warrants, has Koae down to Liverpool, sail to-morrow morn ing for New York in quaat o( Mi-.BMndon Coyle) who baa escaped tp the United Statoa, but it ia hoped will 'be found, and brought baok under',the extradition' treaty to answer for the, crime fbr'whlch Mr! Dasparde has been ao unjustly accused,'and,of wblohho hat been ao triumphantly acquitted," ?'There,' th?i'?' Itt Tbey aro.prompt. They lose no tlme-~these law offlee'ts. But I am grieved for Cjyte—my poor, old neigh bour.' Ahl he hatched a couple of oooaa trioea' eggs when he took those two Biases to hta home 1" sighed tbe baron. " But poor Aipirlta is not to blame for all this," said Met, in a tone of oompassion. " Hniriph I|' mutterod the baron, dryly. "She is too much iiao tier brother'tn every thing my You do not know, porliaps, my dtiar, that aha was his oorifeeierato in the transmission of those forged letters'that doaeived and misted both Valdimir and'Ariello, and bnt for providen tial agencies would havo resulted in sever ing thorn for over." '? I knew q{ thp t letter purporting to come from Mr. Drspardo to Mr. Cjylo, giving a misalliance as the motive, of, hia sudden j.jninoy ,to Now York, bnt t tltoaght that Aaplrlta ho'taelf mt)st'have'been also de-, coived when', aho it to Arielle," re plied Not. ' /7b,£e? coniinutii.Jl 